M$> The Improvement Era October - -They re Prepared

For ninety years Brigham Young University has contributed leaders to the

Church, nation and the world, added to the world's knowledge through research, preserved its cultural treasures, and educated many generations. Now

in the midst of a scientific age, when the strength of the nation is in the brainpower and moral fiber of its people, the role of BYU takes on ever increasing importance. With high academic standards, an expanding scholarship program, new dignity and opportunity for scholars, and a broadened

and tightened curriculum, BYU is attracting the finest young minds. But

there is something extra at BYU—balanced academic, physical and spiritual

education in an ideal social climate. Because of this superior education BYU

students are in demand over the nation. Get your education the Y's way and

get the bonus education of the great Church university. For information write

the University Relations Division.

BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY

':'v'o PS

|kf*fV Exploring | the Universe

By Dr. Franklin S. Harris Jr.

BALLPLAYERS CURVE w The 22 member family of Harry H. and Mary Howard of Altadena, California. They recently

visited Salt Lake to attend the temple marriage of their oldest son (baby girl and son not

In sports a spin be given may to > available for photograph) and to send their oldest daughter into the mission field.a ball to affect its path, the through

Magnus effect. This effect is pro- d

side of the ballduced by one movair Mr. and Mrs. Howard feel thating in the direction as the same

stream with less friction between the ball and the air. With the high- "a complete L.D.S. library is

velocity, lowpressure region above the ball, the wake is deflected important to every family, large downwards resulting in a net upball. force golferward on the A

or sliceshooks hits unless the or small!"he

ball squarely the club. with

using a driver, a rotational speed Even Youn family of about 3,500 revolutions per minNIGHT ute is produced in the ball giving a READERlift by the Magnus effect about FREE equal to ball, the weight of the possiblemaking the initial of HOME NIGHT AID part the trajectory an almost straight for joining line. A baseball pitcher may give

the ball a spin of 1,600 rpm to LDS BOOKS CLUB make it swerve in flight. 800KCSU* NOW! (a $2.50 value)

Good reading builds good lives

LDS Books Club, Inc P.O. Box 400 Salt Lake City, Utah 84110

Please send me as my first selection the following checked books for which

WART VIRUS "FamilyI encloseNighta checkReader"or moneyfor joiningorder thisfor $month., PLUS my FREE

I Were You

2.25 The virus which causes human MessagesPresidency,of FirstVol. 1 4.50 Way3.50of Success Ifwarts has been cultivated outside O

the human body in cell cultures of Third Thousand A Penny Earned The Missouri embryonic human and mouse skin. Years 5.95 3.00 f] Persecutions 3.50

The announcement of this initial success at the Laboratory of Cancer Enroll me as a member and send me the monthly reviews. I hereby agree to purchase a minimum of

price. I at the the regular next 12 advertised during or alternates months selections Club BooksResearch, Albert Einstein Medical 4

I will resign at For each I accept, books receive a valuable books. 4 buying four any time after may

Center, Philadelphia, reminded bonus book free—a savings of 20%.

that it was not yet known whether the artificially grown wart virus NAME.

could produce warts in man. ADDRESS

CITY.STATE..ZIP.

(Offer expires November 30, 1965)

OCTOBER I86S 841 The Improvement Era The Voice of the Church

Official organ of the Priesthood

Quorums, Mutual Improvement Associations, Home Teaching, Music

Committee, Department of Education, and other agencies of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints

Contents for October 1965 Volume 689 Number 10

Church Features

First Presidency Gives Advice on College Students Leaving Home 848 ART AND PHOTO CREDITS

The Editor's Page: The Worth of a Child, President David O. McKay 852 860863, 924925 Art: Dale Kilbourn

Your Question: If Thy Hand Offend Thee, Cut It Off, 878,908,911Warren LuchArt: Phyllis and

President Joseph Fielding Smith. 854 841,864 847,Art: Ted874, Nagata936 Art: Ed Maryon

904 Art: Ralph Reynolds

The Church Moves On, 882; Melchizedek Priesthood: Home Teachers, Like Football Players, 852, Lettering:860863, 872,Maurice874, 908Scanlon

Should Be Alert for Changes, 904; Presiding Bishopric's Page, 906. 922923, 926935 Art: Ron

Wilkinson 858 Photo: Deseret News

Special Features 876856 Photo:Photo: BrandtDoyle L.GrayGreen

852 Photo: Harold H. Lambert

Diligence and Love, President Joseph Fielding Smith.... 856 855 Photo: Max Tharpe

How to Succeed in MIA, Thomas S. Monson 858 866871,Information902 Photos:ServiceUS

Science and Religion, James R. Swenson, Arturo De Hoyos,

Darwin J. Harwood, Philip F. Low 860

Curtain Time, USA, Jay Todd 867

Teaching: How Art Thou Fallen,... O Lucifer? Part Two, Alma P. Burton 872

Genealogy: A Strange Letter, Elwin W. Jensen 874

Since Cumorah, The Olive Tree, Hugh Nibley 876

The Spoken Word from Temple Square, Richard L, Evans 900, 918, 920

Exploring the Universe, Franklin S. Harris, Jr., 841; Letters and Reports, 850; These Times:

War and Peace: Some Reflections on South Viet Nam, G. Homer Durham, 847.

WORLD'S FAIR The Era of Youth... 921 Informationhousing accommodationson reservationswhilefor

The Last Word 936 obtainedattending bythe contactingWorld's Fair may be

Ernest H. Wiemer

LDS World's Fair Housing Center

Family and Home Features Elmhurst,8569 60thNewDriveYork 11373

Puppets! A Spoonful of Sugar, Daryl V. Hoole 878 TelephoneReservationsOLmust13540be made early.

Today's Family: Florence B. Pinnock, Editor

Stew Season 908 Plant Fun for Little Sprouts, Lucille J. Goodyear 911

Household Hints 914 Home, Sweet Home 915

Stories, Poetry Space Ships and Acorns, Wendell B. Hammond 864

Poetry 899, 901, 913

The Improvement Era Offices, 79 South State, Salt Lake City, Utah 84111

Editors; the Editor; cover Associate Richard and L.David Managing Josephson, Managing C. Doyle Green, Albert Marba (). Editor;McKay EditorialResearch Associates; Davis, Pinnock, Beck[ Marlowe,Editor; E. Grant, Florence Carter Today's Darold Family Editor; L. Evans,Donna L. Zobell,MarionJr.,

Editor; Direction; Editor; Youth AssociateD. Hanks, Art The Era Era Studio. Elaine Youth The Higcins,Cannon, Ralph ReynoldsB. of of invigorating the With

G. Homef Durham, Franklin S. Hakris, Jr., Hugh Nibley, Sidney B. Sperry. Alma A. Gardiner, Contributing Editors. tinge of fall in the air,

G. Carlos Smith,

Director; Thayer Evans,Jr., GeneralAdvertisingManager;Director.Florence S. Jacobsen, Associate General Manager; Verl F. Scott, Business Manager; A. Glen Snarr, Subscription Photographerthis sunrise onHaltheRumelGreatcaughtSalt

Saints, Superintendent, of Association published 1965, YoungGeneral Christ of Latterday of Jesus Improvement Mutual The Church and by the Mutual Lakeof SaltfromLakea City.vantage point north of Christ Associations subscripImprovement All of rights in a year, price, $3.00 reserved. Subscription multiple of Jesus The ChurchMen's Latterday advance;

tions, $8.25; 2 years, year, $5.75; 3 years, each succeeding $2.50 price. to the three a year addedSaints. year

Enteredof Octoberat the1917,PostauthorizedOffice, SaltJuly Lake2, 1918.City, Utah as secondclass matter. Acceptance for mailing at special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act

ImprovementThe Era a word and must be accompaniedis not responsibleby sufficientfor unsolicitedpostage formanuscriptsdelivery andbutreturn.welcomes contributions. Manuscripts are paid for on acceptance at the rate of 2c

days'Thirty notice changes cannot be madeis requiredunless thefor oldchangeaddressof asaddress.well as Whenthe neworderingone is included.a change, please include address slip from a recent issue of the magazine. Address Coverby DeseretlithographedNews Pressin full color

842 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA...Deseret Book invites everyone to

MEET THE

by Doyle L. Green

and Randall L. GreenMORMONS

through a fascinating new book

An excitingly beautiful pictorial introduction to the Church and its people A big 8V2 x 11 inches in size 220 magnificent illustrations, 139 in full color The result of the cooperation of numerous church agencies and auxiliaries, photographers and artists Tells the story of the Church and the gospel as it has never been told before, from "In the Beginning"to the present Families, priesthood, seminary, and auxiliary teachers, missionaries—all will find it invaluable A choice gift for friends and

investigators. Only $2.95

FOR MAIL ORDERS—USE HANDY COUPON NEXT PAGE

LBS new.Home Library

SPECIALS

;ures

OF THE

CHURCH OF JESUS CHRIST OF LATTERDAY SAINTS

Thumb Indexed Edition All LDS scriptures and references in one magnificently bound volume! 72 wonderful, full color illustrations including the

presidents of the Mormon Church, L.D.S. 4 OUR MORAL CHALLENGE

temples, the famous Cody Mural, and the by Mark E. Petersen

Arnold Friberg Book ofMormon Paintings! Yet another of a wonderful series of fine books by

Top grain cowhide for lasting protection Elder Mark E. Petersen of the Quorum of the Twelve.

and beauty! Genealogy section like the Our Moral Challange not only points out the tremenold time family Bibles! Many helps for dous challenges faced in this day and age but directs

a better understanding of scriptures! An readers how to effectively meet them head on. 2 95

ideal gift for important occasions! A perfect

family Bible and important addition to any 5 THIS AGE OF CONFUSION home library! Originally $39.95. by Alvin R. Dyer

Now for a Limited Time only $29.95 This is a detailed expose of the religious confuPostage prepaid in the United States Terms arranged sion of the day. Elder Dyer, Assistant to the Quorum

of the Twelve, chooses some fundamental points of doctrine and reveals their origin and present day interpretation. Concepts of the great religions of the world

such as "Man's Relationship to Diety"and "The

Nature of God"are among the many fascinating points explored. $3.50

THE JOURNAL 6. DISCOURSES OF SMITH JOSEPH PROPHET THE OF DISCOURSES 26 Volume Set compiled Revised by Alma H. Burton and enlarged edition

A treasure chest of wisdom and inspiration Joseph Smith speaks for the Church through infrom the prophets of these latter days. This spiration and revelation today as well as for his own

set will be truly a source of inspiration and time. The author of this volume is Assistant

guidance for every Latterday Saint Administrator of Seminaries and Institutes in the

Originally $94.50 Church School System. a>i q:

Special for a Limited Time only $79.50 7. TENDER APPLES by Ora Pate Stewart

Terms arranged with low down payment Here is the faithpromoting story of Ettie Lee, a

Postage prepaid in the United States remarkable and loving personality. The reader becomes entangled in the heart strings of youth in this

new volume by the author of several poignant books.

$3.95.

IH SI III I BOOK and ReprintsPUBLICATIONS

s KEY TO THE SCIENCE OF THEOLOGY io A RATIONAL THEOLOGY by Parley P. Pratt by John A. Widtsoe

An outstanding apostle with unmatched poetic beautifully talent turns to the examination of theology, with A foremost Latterday Saint scholar and convincingly explains the deeper implications of special reference to the Restoration principles. Written

Mormonism. A Rational Theology is a full exploration over a century ago, it comes to us with the timeless

of gospel principles by a brilliant mind whose only apauthority of an inspired prophet. Here is essential reading for those who seek to understand the deeper peal is to reason. The author's clear analysis will appeal

aspects of gospel truths. $2.25 to every reader and lover of truth. $2.50

ii COMPREHENSIVE HISTORY OF THE9 THE GOSPEL AND MAN'S

I RELATIONSHIP TO DEITY by B. H. Roberts CHURCH—Volume

A vivid and compelling treatise by one of the reby B. H. Roberts

nowned writers and historians of the Church, Brigham This volume is an essential part of every LatterHenry Roberts. This Englishborn convert became a day Saint home library. No study of the gospel is

member of the First Council of Seventy in 1888 when complete without a thorough exploration of L.D.S.

he was only 31 years old. He is widely respected and Church history. All of the inspiration, heartache, and

greatly admired for his accuracy and perception. Elder joy of Mormonism is a part of the overall picture.

Roberts will inspire a new generation of Latterday Volume I will be a beginning of new insight for many

Saints with this classic reprint. $3.25 readers. $4,50

DESERET BOOK COMPANY i.e. Oci><

44 East South Temple, Salt Lake City, Utah

Gentlemen: Enclosed please find check money order I have an

account, please charge Amount (including sales tax) $ tteaeretCOM P A N Y tSook for the encircled numbered books: 1. 2. 3. 4. 5. 6.

44 EAST SO TEMPLE AND AT COTTONWOOD MALL 7. 8. 9. 10. 11.

SALT LAKE CITY 2472 WASHINGTON BLVD., OGDEN Name

777 SO MAIN ST.. ORANGE, CALIFORNIA

Address

City. State. Zip

Residents of Utah please add Vk% sales tax

Residents of California please add 4% sales tax wheti ordering through California store!

....

Wff#W/tCr/ONK... BM&PMMAMKf

Mountain America's top sportscaster reports playby -

1965 BYU FOOTBALL SCHEDULE play action in all Brigham Young University football

... plus Paul James SportsSaturday, September 18........Arizona State at Tempe and basketball games

Friday, September 24.... Kansas State at Provo afternoons at 5:00 p.m.

Saturday, October 2... U. of Oregon at Eugene

Friday, October 8.......San Jose State at Provo Playby-play action brought to you by Bennett's Glass

Saturday, October 23........Wyoming at Laramie and Paint Company and

Saturday, October 30.... Utah State at Logan Deseret Federal Savings and Loan Association

Saturday, November 6....Utah at Provo

Saturday, November 13.......Colorado State at Provo

Saturday, November 20...... U. of Arizona at Tucson

Saturday, November 27.......U. of New Mexico at

Albuquerque

Broadcast House 145 Social Hall Ave. Salt Lake City, Utah

846 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

War and Peace:

Some Reflections on South Viet Nam

THESE TIMES

By Dr. G. Homer Durham

President, Arizona State University, Tempe Earn 4.97% yearly when

our current annual rate of Twenty years have passed since man, outmaneuver, contain, or 4.85% is compounded daily

the world's most terrible conflict. otherwise defeat small groups of and maintained for a year.

A trillion dollars or more was its jungle guerrilla fighters? Or must Openindividuals,insured corporations,accounts for

cost. There were fifty million casuyou outguerrilla the guerrillas? fiduciaries, trust funds, penalties. Some lessons were learned And if you must outguerrilla the sion funds, churches and

by those who participated and exguerrillas, where do you get the credit unions.

perienced it. All, or nearly all, are guerrillas who will be that effecthe side? years or older. for our old From The tivenow forty Viet never missed an

political the leaders are nearly Marines or from all gone: Namese US

Hitler, infantry? the Tojo, Stalin, Mussolini, and US Army How? to interest Hi Roosevelt, Churchill. questionFranklin seems The "how"The

too,generals the admirals, experts, with are confound and the expayment retirePresident ception of least, into atgone or going, De Gaulle, told the VicePresident ofment. who the since States, win."United "You can never The paradox which remains is

Your savings are conservadifficult also to express. The "how"plagues many nineMaybe this

tively of the by one managed to teenwill is a "difference"twentyyear-olds and who do. When oldest institutions savings

be tolerated and allowed to run its forsee themselves as eligible jungle California. Assets overin

course, and when is a "difference""guerrillas"for the task their con- $300,000,000.

to be viewed as a terrible threat fused or unconfused elders may Save by mail. Funds received

interest earn by the 10th or postmarked thrust forcefully? dealt them. with uponand

paid from both the 1st.. Postage ways. Catholic, Gaulle, quick, anticommunist, have simple, and Some President De 1

easy answers to this question. In and leader of the French nation

that the Vietnations leaders are a dechosen whose Cong defeated MUTUAL affords ago, process of cade the complicated probablythrough more freely elections, leaders authority contested youth to many American SAVINGS for their quick (and justificationrarely have and easy answers. conSTATEAND LOAN ASSOCIATION

Persons not having to bear the recern) than those who found supDept. 516, 415 West Fifth Street

sponsibilities of power and of office port from General Wood, Colonel Los Angeles, California 90013

Lindbergh, frequently "have the anprominent and othermore years ago. Please Q adcTto my insured accountswers."twentyfive Americans

During the past summer there The "isolationists"then said that for $ in name(s) as indiwas considerable confusion about American intervention against Hitcated. My check or M.O. is enclosed.

the meaning and efficacy of the ler would be unwise. De Gaulle, D Send additional savings information.

fighting in South Viet Nam. There whose government today recogName(s)

was confusion not only in political nizes Red China, despite his CaStreet terms, but also in military terms; tholicism and his anticommunism, City

for example, can quantities of commarks only one complicating inplicated machines successfully outfluence. ( Continued on page 920 State.Zip.

Soc. Sec. or

I.D. No

OCTOBER 1965 847 - ettes Quiz

RELIGIOUS LEARNING AIDS

1st TWO VOLUMES - JUST OUT!

LPS CHURCH HISTORY First Presidency

THE BOOK OF MORMON 300 FLASH CARDS - Gives Advice

OVER 700 QUESTIONS each volume Question sideanswer side with page on College Students references for Essentials, Documentary,

Comprehensive, and other histories of the Church. Leaving Home Teaching Aid Learning Aid

Game Revolutionizes teaching opportunities, speeds rate of learning makes games meaningful. 15 games for classroom,

parties, small groups, and solitaire.

Send only $2.99 each to The Church of Jesits Christ of Latterbay Saints

office of the first presidency 84111 salt lake city, utah 17IZ - KITES 23, 1965 August

PC BOX 11056 SALT LAKE CITY UTAH To: All Bishops and Branch Presidents

RESIDENTS OF UTAH PLEASE SEND lie TAX Re: College Students Leaving Home

Dear Brethren:

As thousands of our young people leave home to attend college, you are reminded of the following important responsibilities:

1. The pink duplicate membership record including the name of

the student and the school and the city to which he is going should be sent to the Presiding Bishop's office before the student leaves home in order that he might be received immediately into membership and activity.

2. Each student should be strongly urged to affiliate with the

ward or branch adjacent to the school he attends and to enroll in the LPS Institute of Religion wherever such is available. Recent studies have shown the value of the

Instutute program in helping college students maintain and develop a close relationship to the Church during these important years.

3. Student wards and branches are organized primarily for

students "who are living away from the homes of their parents. "

Any exception to this should be considered in the light of

Section B of the First Presidency's letter of November 4, 1963, on student wards and stakes.

All stake presidents, bishops and branch presidents who have questions on the operation of student wards and branches and their relationship to the other

to. Additional copies of this letter may be obtained from the office of theGENEALOGY PROBLEMS??? referredprogramsFirst Presidency.and organizations of the Church are invited to review the letter above

ZIONS COLOR INC. Faithfully your brethren, M*nM&mUp

HAS A PROGRAM WHICH CAN PUT A -/>dj4>oCrw\

&3aaa. jJ/lfnA-t

The First Presidency

IN EVERY HOME

2991 West 3500 South Salt Lake City, Utah

Phone 2983491

848 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Hottest Brand Going...

...anywhere!

When it comes to good things for your car, you just can't buy better petroleum products than Conoco... Hottest Brand Going anywhere.

YOU CAN COUNT ON CONOCO... HOTTEST BRAND GOING

1964, Continental Oil Company

OCTOBER 196S 849 5. THE MISSOURI PERSECUTIONS

by B. H. Roberts

Here is the poignant story ot Mormon suffering in Missouri. Mob outrages met by quiet heroism and noble sacrifice for truth—these Letters

are feelingly portrayed in B. H. Roberts'long outof-print classic

now reissued. Appendices reproducing Missouri County histories enhance the book's documentary value. and

$3.50 Reports

6. THE RISE AND FALL OF NAUVOO

by B. H. Roberts

Built by the toil of a persecuted people in search of a home, the city of Nauvoo rose from the edge of an unclaimed, hostile swamp

. to brief of greatness one experience hour.. only to fall. Page

by page and chapter you chapter into by LDS BOY RECEIVES insight will gain intimate in the life and glory that was Nauvoo, the city beautiful. A human: *sr%# EAGLE IN ASIA

of chronicle of events embracing years seven triumph blackened by scouting extends of hand boy The tragic the martyrdom Saints'of the Prophet the and expulsion from is 15world. the example good A NAtl round

their homes. $3.95 yearold Martin, son of Mr. David and

Mrs. James H. Martin of Ankara, Turkey,

who recently earned the Eagle rank.

David has spent his entire scouting career 7. THE DECLINE AND infirsttheEagleAnkarafromBoytheScouttroop.troop and is the

FALL POSSIBLE OF THE pin to presented Eagle was David The me REPUBLIC AMERICAN decline to the Turkey, Ambassador by Mr. US AHB. ZL -

Ernest L. Wilkinson by is Hare, here shown Raymond who POSSIBLE TO 8. NOTES QUOTE

FALL his at with parents In his the time David and address commencement THE OF

L. Zobell, Jr. by Albert to of the class graduating of presentation.

to link Notes is another Quote WffllM versity,1965 at PresidentBrigham YoungWilkinson,UniNOTES in the chain long that has in his superb and disciplined become the Storyteller series.

judicial style, reveals his acaThe finest yet! A rewarding

demic reasoning as to the help to lessongivers and decline and possible fall of IBMBwitiwiw speechmakers.

the American Republic, jq $1.00

INSPIRATIONAL RECORDINGS

9. A RACE AGAINST TIME by Ezra Taft Benson 10. MIRACLES by Matthew Cowley

Emphasizes concern for the safety of the United States due Matthew Cowley defines and explains miracles. He testifies

to forces which are at work to compromise and join the that he is an expert witness to the fact that God can and ideologies of communism and democracy into a world situadoes work through His Priesthood. Matthew Cowley recounts

tion that would give way to a world government under many modernday miracles and his personal experience's of communism. healing the sick. 33V] rpm $3 98

33 V, rpm $3.98

11. PROFILE OF A PROPHET

by Hugh B. Brown (Side 1)

Presents a discussion held with a judge from England setting up the criteria to identify a prophet, concluding that MEDALLIONS COME

Joseph Smith qualifies as a prophet of God by all the stand- A PAIR TO A FAMILY ards presented. Thought provoking. 33'/3,, rpm $3.98O0

A good thing once is twice as good 12. BOOK OF MORMON STORIES twice. And four young women in the

FOR CHILDREN by Mare Musig Barton Church know this. They are sisters

Marie Musig Barton, the author of these wonderful "Book Dianne Lynne ( Danne ) Smith and Annaof Mormon Stories for Children"has had a successful career lee Smith of Henderson, Nevada, and as author and writer. After many years of telling stories to sisters Marie Bringhursi Sabey and Sue

children, the author decided to publish and record them to Bringhurst of Pocatello, Idaho. Both pairs

bring forth the message of the Book of Mormon in stories of sisters have earned the Gold Medallion that children could understand. award in YWMIA work. Danne and AnnaAlbum of seven 12"Long Play records lee are both art majors at BYU. Marie

33'/3 rpm $19.95 is a BYU graduate. Her sister Sue is a

Ricks College nursing graduate.

Danne Annalee Marie Sue

850 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA RewARdinq new just off the dr

I IlC eytt KslWmx Magic of Mormonism

1. WHAT DOTH IT PROFIT 2. r THE MAGIC OF MORMONISM

by Sterling W. Sill For New Members by Earl Stowell

This monumental and imaginative new work from the Written especially for the convert to the Church of Jesus eminent hand of Sterling W. Sill captures the indomitable Christ of Latterday Saints, it can be valuable to investimotions of the human spirit and focuses attention on gator and Church member alike. It tells you what goes on

problems, opportunities, people, and methods capable of in the Church, why it goes on, and what you should do about making a profound impact on our own individual lives. it. It takes you through a member's challenging dayby-day

Compelling. Interesting. Highly original. activities through a typical week, and a calendar year.

$3.50 $3.50

3. MESSAGES OF THE FIRST 4. STORIES OF THE BIBLE

PRESIDENCY, VOL II by James R. Clark FOR L.D.S. CHILDREN by Jane Lund

Following the "best seller"volume one and containing A delightful selection of ten Old Testament stories that are official statements of the First Presidency during the adminof particular value to children today. Especially written to

istration of Brigham Young, John Taylor, and Wilford Woodappeal to children from the ages of 4 thru 8 years, it conruff, this volume begins as the Church began to function tains numerous original pictures—not found elsewhere in

in the Great Basin and includes the establishment of the the Church. Each vibrant chapter contains a discussion

Mormon empire in the Rocky Mountains. Dynamic and inshowing how your L.D.S. child may apply religious teachsp,rmg - $4.50Vol. 1, $4.50 ings "

: li m tmmini$2.50 i mnrrnni > <i i if >

BOOKCRAFT io 65 a 1186 South Main / DA 8-0566 / Salt Lake City

Order from your nearest Bookcraft Dealer or from Bookcraft, 1186

South Main, Salt Lake City, Utah.

Please send the following circled books or records for which I enclose check or money order for $

1 2 3 Vol. i vol. ii 4

NAMF

ADDRFSS

CITY STATF ZIP—

OCTOBER 1963 851 852 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA EDITOR'S PAGE BY PRESIDENT DAVID O. McKAY

What is a child worth? Your child? As a baby its Turn now to the third chapter of First Samuel,

spirit came from heaven, from God the Eternal Father. verse four, and read:

Your baby's spirit is like a pure angel living in a little "... the Lord called Samuel: and he answered,

body. It came from the presence of our Heavenly Here am I.

Father, and it came to live with you for just a little "And he ran unto Eli, and said, Here am I; for

while in this life in the flesh, but forever in the spirit thou calledst me. And he said, I called not; lie down

and in the resurrected state. again. And he went and lay down.

Our Heavenly Father desires us to have a pure "And the Lord called yet again, Samuel. And Samuel

spirit and body so that we may come back into his arose and went to Eli, and said, Here am I; for thou

presence. As long as the babies and children and didst call me. And he answered, I called not, my son;

parents are pure, they can always come back into lie down again.

the presence "of our God, whence we came. "Now Samuel did not yet know the Lord, neither

God expects us to keep our bodies as pure as a small was the word of the Lord yet revealed unto him.

child; and if we obey him, we will be as pure. I know "And the Lord called Samuel again the third time.

one who kept himself as pure and sweet as when he And he arose and went to Eli, and said, Here am I; for

came from his mother. You know him. thou didst call me. And Eli perceived that the Lord

There was a woman whose name was Hannah. had called the child.

She had no baby, and she cried and cried every year "Therefore Eli said unto Samuel, Go, lie down: and

when she went to the temple because the Lord it shall be, if he call thee, that thou shalt say, Speak, hadn't given her a child. She believed it would be the Lord; for thy servant heareth. So Samuel went and lay

best blessing in all the world for her, and so it would. down in his place."(Ibid., 3:5-9.)

Now read the eighth verse of the first chapter of Why was the Lord willing to appear in part to

First Samuel: Samuel in the temple? Because he was clean.

"Then said Elkanah her husband to her, Hannah, Now we understand what kind of children the why weepest thou? and why eatest thou not? and why Savior had in mind when their mothers brought them

is thy heart grieved? am not I better to thee than to him that he might touch them. His Apostles forbade

ten sons?"them, but the Savior was grieved and rebuked his

But Hannah prayed: Apostles, and said: "... suffer the little children to

"... O Lord of hosts, if thou wilt indeed look on come unto me, and forbid them not: for of such is the

the affliction of thine handmaid, and remember me, kingdom of God."(Mark 10:14.)

and not forget thine handmaid, but wilt give unto Fathers and mothers of The Church of Jesus Christ thine handmaid a man child, then I will give him of Latterday Saints, the Savior is saying that to unto the Lord all the days of his life,..."(Ibid., you and to all the world: "Suffer the little children

1:11.) to come unto me, and forbid them not: for of such is

Samuel was born, and while still a young child he the kingdom of God."(Idem.) How are some of you

was taken to the temple, and Hannah said: forbidding them? By putting in their way tobacco and

"Therefore also I have lent him to the Lord; as strong drinks, ill tempers, and bad examples?

long as he liveth he shall be lent to the Lord."(Ibid., May his Spirit abide in your hearts and homes, that

1:28.) these children of yours may grow up pure and unAnd that Bible verse goes on to say: "And he wordefiled and go back to their Creator as pure as rainshipped the Lord there."(Idem.) drops or the inner white of the lily flower.

One night after the lamp was out, and Samuel had I leave my blessing upon the children and upon gone to bed, and the high priest Eli was asleep, someyou parents that you may love the truth and thing happened: hate error.

OCTOBER 1965 853 question: "We were discussing the early ministry answer: In reading the Old Testament as well as

of our Savior and particularly the statement: the New Testament, we should keep in mind the fact

* 'And if thy hand offend thee, cut it off: it is better that the Hebrews were a people who indulged confor thee to enter into life maimed, than having two stantly in figures of speech to convey their thoughts

hands to go into hell, into the fire that never shall be and impress upon the minds of the people the imquenched:... portance of what they had to say. The Old Testament,

''And if thy foot offend thee, cut it off: it is better as well as the New, is filled with excellent figures of

for thee to enter halt into life, than having two feet to this kind intended to impress upon the minds of the be cast into hell, into the fire that never shall be people important doctrines and prophetic utterances.

quenched:'(Mark 9:43, 45.) There is little doubt that can be raised against the

"7 am of the opinion that we cannot comply with fact that the people who heard these remarks were the Saviors injunction to cut off a hand or a foot or deeply impressed with the forceful and correct meanto pluck out an eye. It would not be safe for anyone ing of what was intended. They would not take such

to cut off a hand or otherwise to mutilate the body. a remark literally according to the words which were

"Would you please tell us how these teachings are uttered.

to be applied."We should give these ancient people credit

for enough intelligence to grasp correctly the full intent of such a statement and the correct meaning of the Savior's remark. When the Lord spoke of parts of

the body, it is evident that he had in mind close friends or relatives who endeavored to lead us from of rectitude and humble obedience to the YOUR the path divine commandments we receive from the Lord.

If any friend or relative endeavors to lead a QUESperson away from the commandments, it is better to dispense with his friendship and association rather than to follow him in evil practices to desTION truction. This use of comparison or illustration was

as common in ancient days as it is in the present age.

We should not, in reading these ancient expressions in the New Testament, take such a statement as this ANSWERED BY referred to in the words of the Savior recorded by

Mark in the literal interpretation. When properly JOSEPH understood it becomes a very impressive figure of

speech. FIELDING

If you have friends or associates who endeavor to entice you to commit sin, cut them off. Withdraw SMITH from their association lest they drag you down to the PRESIDENT OF committing of some sin or transgression against divine

THE COUNCIL will. It is better to forsake friends or companions who

OF THE TWELVE indulge in improper conduct than to be led by them into the committing of some sin or transgression against the divine will. This comparison made by our

Redeemer is very impressive and should appeal to each of us and assist us in rejecting the enticings of friends whenever some improper project or action is If Thy Hand contemplated, even if it should mean the loss of such friendship no matter how dear it has been to us.

Offend Thee

"If any friend or relative endeavors to lead a person to it is better the commandments, away from."Cut It Off.. dispense with his friendship.

854 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Diligence and Love

BY PRESIDENT JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH

OF THE COUNCIL, OF THE TWELVE

My dear brethren and sisters, I am very grateful to have this privilege of meeting with you this morning. I appreciated that President David O. McKay

asked me to speak at this session, and may the Lord bless him in his work, I humbly pray.

The saying "Light the way to MIA"is something to be remembered. If we have enough love of our

Father in heaven in our hearts, we will always be blessed.

In the Doctrine and Covenants, section 88, it says:

"He that seeketh me early shall find me, and shall not be forsaken."(V. 83.)

Procrastination as it may be applied to the gospel is the thief of eternal life, which is the life in the presence of the Father and the Son. There are many

among us who feel that there is no need for haste in the observance of the gospel principles and the keeping of the commandments. We are living in the

last days. Bad habits are easily formed. They are not

so easily broken. Are we yielding to evil habits, thinking they are only trifles after all and we will get rid

of them in the grave? Do we expect that our bodies

will be cleansed in the grave and we shall come forth with perfect and sanctified bodies in the resurrection?

There are some among us who teach this thing and excuse themselves for their practices, saying that they will be cleansed in the grave.

Alma taught a very different doctrine. He said to

Corianton, his son, "Behold, I say unto you, wickedness never was happiness."(Alma 41:10.) The Savior

Address delivered at 1965 MIA June Conference.

.. little by little we are fashionei

856 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA said, "... with what measure ye mete, it shall be cult to keep. With the guidance of the Spirit of the

measured to you again."(Matt. 7:2.) Some think Lord we will find contentment and happiness in doing

that a little punishment will not be so bad, and they his will. The divine law declares that we may obtain

are willing to take a chance and suffer for the ofthe fulness of his kingdom through our faithfulness and fenses rather than keep the commandments of the obedience. Our Eternal Father cannot offer more.

Lord as we are instructed. Who could be happy in He has placed his greatest gift within the reach of

suffering, all the while thinking that the suffering had all, but it is based upon obedience to his divine come because of a wilful or persistent breaking of commandments.

the commandments of God when knowledge and The greatest waste in mortal life is that men love counsel to walk in righteousness had been given? evil instead of righteousness. We come to this world

No person can begin too early to serve the Lord. to be tried and proved to see if we will keep the

Parents are instructed to teach their children from commandments when we are shut out of the divine infancy with the warning that they will be held acpresence. Most human beings live below their possicountable if they fail to do so. And young people bilities. Mortal life is short at best. It is, however,

follow the teachings of their parents. The child who the life in which we prepare for eternity.

is taught in righteousness from birth will most likely We are told that "the fear of the Lord is the befollow righteousness always. Good habits are easily ginning of knowledge: but fools despise wisdom and

formed and easily followed. instruction."(Prov. 1:7.) True knowledge and wisApostle Paul said to the Corinthians, "... ye are dom come through prayer and wise fasting and

God's building. through diligent study. Let us not forget the words

"... But let every man take heed how he buildeth. of Alma: "For behold, this life is the time for men

..."(1 Cor. 3:9-10.) One of the greatest responsito prepare to meet God; yea, behold the day of this

bilities that is ever entrusted to any human being is life is the day for men to perform their labors."(Alma

that of building his own personality. The chief busi34:32.)

ness of our lives is to build a house that will bear This important statement is taken from the teachthe weight of eternal life. In Grenville Kleiser's book ings of the Prophet Joseph Smith: "We consider that

Training for Power and Leadership, he writes, "NothGod has created man with a mind capable of ining touches the soul but leaves its impress. And thus struction, and a faculty which may be enlarged in

little by little we are fashioned into the image of all proportion to the heed and diligence given to the we have seen and heard, known or meditated upon. light communicated from heaven to the intellect; and

If we learn to live with all that is fairest and purest that the nearer man approaches perfection, the clearer and best, the love of it will in the end become our are his views, and the greater his enjoyments, till he very life."has overcome the evils of his life and lost every desire

God has instructed us to use only the finest for sin; and like the ancients, arrives at that point of

materials. He cannot look upon sin with the least faith where he is wrapped in the power and glory of

degree of allowance, because he knows its terrible his Maker and is caught up to dwell with Him. But

destructiveness in people's lives. The Lord has prowe consider that this is a station to which no man

vided that every man should carry within himself the ever arrived in a moment: he must have been invery things he seeks—faith, courage, and love—and structed in the government and laws of that kingdom

we can develop that with which we have already by proper degrees, until his mind is capable in some been endowed. We should develop the ability to do measure of comprehending the propriety, justice,

the right thing instead of allowing ourselves endlessly equality, and consistency of the same. For further

to do as we please. The Lord has told us that if we instruction we refer you to Deut. xxxii, where the

keep ourselves clean we may become joint heirs with Lord says, that Jacob is the lot of His inheritance.

Jesus Christ, possessing all that the Father hath. (See He found him in the desert land, and in the waste,

Rom. 8:17 and D&C 84:38. ) I am sure that we all want howling wilderness; He led him about, He instructed

to live so that we may receive this blessing. There is him, He kept him as the apple of His eye, etc.; which

nothing in the commandments of the Lord that is diffiwill show the force (Continued on page 886) into the image of all we have seen, heard? known, or meditated

OCTOBER 1965 857 to How inMIA ELDER THOMAS S. MONSON

OF THE COUNCIL OP THE TWELVE AND ADVISER TO THE MIA

My fellow workers in MIA, I sincerely ask for an interest in your prayers, that our Heavenly Father will sustain me in this privileged opportunity.

I have in my hand the current issue of a publication which is prepared, edited, and distributed by the general boards of the Mutual Improvement Associations of the Church and sent to those who have responsibilities in leading, counseling, and inspiring the youth through the MIA program. Success is most

likely to come to that officer or teacher who follows its instructions. I speak, of course, of the MIA

Leader. Today, however, I have chosen to speak not

of a Leader which is attractively printed on brightly colored paper and distributed through the mails, but rather a leader who is called under the inspiration of Almighty God and set apart and devoted to the challenging opportunity and privilege to guide our

Father's children back to his eternal presence. I speak

of you. Yes, and I also speak through you to many

hundreds and even thousands of other MIA leaders with whom you serve.

When a member of your bishopric stopped by your home and asked that you serve the Lord as a scoutmaster, a teacher of a Beehive class, or perhaps a secretary or executive in the MIA organization, did you actually stop and contemplate the true meaning of your acceptance? Did you look upon your assignment in terms of twentyfour Boy Scouts, or twelve

Beehive girls, or perhaps an obligation to devote two hours each MIA evening? Or, rather, did you reflect

Address delivered at 1965 MIA June Conference.

.. disappointed youth declare:

858 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA upon the real meaning of your opportunity as the himself, "What will people think?"but rather, "What

words of the Lord found lodgment in your heart: will I think of myself?"In the June 1963 issue of

"Remember the worth of souls is great in the sight Nations Business, there appeared a comprehensive of God;"(D&C 18:10)? If so, you were humbled as report entitled "What It Takes to Be Successful."

you became aware that God our Eternal Father and The report was prepared by that magazine's editors his Beloved Son had chosen you to play a vital role after exhaustive surveys to determine those traits in a glorious cause. "... this is my work and my which, when acquired and lived, will assure a leader's

glory—to bring to pass the immortality and eternal success. Business leaders, educators, and consultants

life of man."(Moses 1:39.) evaluated the qualities a leader needs most; and the

It was then that you determined to become the final conclusion revealed that integrity, and variations

MIA leader whose service would be pleasing to our of it, such as honesty or moral soundness, was given

Heavenly Father and whose example could be imfirst rank by virtually all participants in the survey, plicitly followed by his precious youth as they The MIA leader who has integrity, who leads by seriously lived a game played in their boyhood and example, will never suffer the scorn of disappointed girlhood days called "Follow the Leader."youth who declare, "People are always telling us what

What are the traits of a successful MIA leader? to do but aren't doing it themselves."The Apostle

How may we recognize him? Why is he different Paul counseled us wisely, "... be thou an example

from many others? Together might we consider this of the believers, in word, in conversation, in charity,

morning what I have chosen to call the six identifying in spirit, in faith, in purity."(1 Tim. 4:12.)

traits of a successful MIA leader. These traits provide Third, the successful MIA leader works willingly.

a blueprint which points the way toward success in Formula W applies to him. What is Formula W?

MIA. Simply this: Work Will Win When WishyWashy

First, the successful MIA leader has faith. He Wishing Won't. Should you be discouraged, look

recognizes that the greatest force in this world today back carefully and honestly, and you will find that is the power of God as it works through man. He your work has not been done with all your might,

takes comfort from the very real assurance that divine Victory is certain to come to him who gives all of help can be his blessing, for hasn't the Lord promised: himself to the cause he represents when there be

"Behold, I stand at the door, and knock: if any man truth in the cause. There is no place for procrastinahear my voice, and open the door, I will come in tion, defined by Edward Young two centuries ago

to him,..."(Rev. 30:20)? He is, through his faith, as "the thief of time."

a believer in prayer, knowing that prayer provides Procrastination is really much more. It is the thief

power—spiritual power—and that prayer provides of our selfrespect. It nags at us and spoils our joy.

peace—spiritual peace. He knows and he teaches It deprives us of the fullest realization of our ambiyouth that the recognition of a power higher than tions and hopes. But procrastination is a guest who

man himself does not in any sense debase him; rather, prefers to visit the lazy and never feels at home with

it exalts him. He further declares if we will but the busy and diligent. The willing worker recognizes

realize that we have been created in the image of that time is precious—that life is priceless. He can,

God, we will not find him difficult to approach. For in part, feel the exaltation Winston Churchill felt

God did create "... man in his own image, in the as he addressed the people of the Commonwealth

image of God created he him; male and female just twenty years ago this season as VEday

created he them."(Gen. 1:27.) This knowledge, acdawned on a weary world. He said: "The uncondiquired through faith, accounts for the inner calm tional surrender of our enemies was a signal for the

which characterizes the successful MIA leader. greatest outburst of joy in the history of mankind.

Second, the successful MIA leader lives as he The Second World War had indeed been fought to teaches. He is honest with others. He is honest with the bitter end in Europe. The vanquished as well as

himself. He is honest with God. He is honest by the victors felt inexpressible relief. But for us in

habit and as a matter of course. When a difficult Britain and the British Empire, who had alone been

decision must be made, such a leader never asks in the struggle from the (Continued on page 888)

r''People are always telling us what to rfo9 but aren 9t doing it themselves*

OCTOBER 1965 859

series of enlightening discussionsA

The Physician

BY JAMES R. SWENSON

BS 1956, U OF U; MD 1959, U OF U; SPECIALTY: PHYSICIAN

light only certain of lengths primary of obtaining methods the electromagnetic wave are two of gives the universe. This distorted limited picture aTherea knowledge The spectrum. and man and

first is revelation from God. This is the of reality. Also, the socalled scientific laws are

direct way to obtain the truth. Unfortunately this way built on the laws of change. This means that a given

is not open to many people, not because God reserves event, after having been observed a sufficient number this for a few of his select friends, for "... God is no of times to occur always a certain way, is then called

respecter of persons:..."(Acts 10:34) but because a law because everyone is convinced that it is so.

only a few are willing to submit to the conditions God But many of the socalled laws of science have been requires of all those to whom he gives revelation. changed over the years.

A second source of information comes from observaMost of our science has been built over the pretion, investigation, experimentation, and analysis for ceding ten generations. What does this mean? This

the purpose of formulating theories and laws. This adopted analogy of Lecomte du Noiiy will help clarify

process is called "science"and is open to all who care my thought. Suppose there was a colony of microbes

to pursue it. A good scientist should have a keen, inthat lived in the hoof of a camel. This particular camel

quiring mind, a love for truth, the ability to organize was walking over the desert. The microbes lived in a

and interpret correctly the facts he gathers and to be crack onefifth of an inch deep. This is equivalent to

completely unbiased. A true scientist is interested in 6,000 feet for us. They lived a long life span—four genfact and truth, not just in proving his point. erations a day. After ten generations—about three days

Throughout history there have been differences in—the brighter microbes observed the cyclic variations

what the prophets and what science teaches about of dark and light that occurred as the camel walked.

certain subjects. Many people have interpreted this to They tested, observed, recorded, and analyzed their

be a conflict between science and religion and have data and finally announced their scientific laws to felt that if one is right the other must be wrong and their world. They were acclaimed and praised by all.

therefore should be totally disregarded. Since science Can you imagine their astonishment when on the

has effectively solved many of the presentday probfourth day the camel crossed a river and only a few lems, and since religion deals with less tangible things, survivors were left to tell of the terrible flood that many have disregarded religion for science. How shattered their science. In a sense we are like this.

uninformed they really are! We are as puny as the microbes when we consider

Let us consider the methods of science for a mothe immensity of space and the "worlds without ment. A scientist perceives and tries to interpret the number...."(Moses 1:33.) And remember, a thouworld through his own senses and mind. But this is sand of our years is only one year after the reckoning

dangerous, because we are limited by our own senses of the Lord. It is just as foolish for us as it would be

and thought processes. For example, our eye perceives for the microbes to tell the ( Continued on page 892

860 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Sociologist, Physician, Apresented by: A

The Sociologist

BY ARTURO De HOYOS BS 1952, BYU; MA 1954, BYU; PHD 1961, MICHIGAN STATE

UNIVERSITY; SPECIALTY: SOCIOLOGY, ANTHROPOLOGY, AND

SOCIAL PSYCHOLOGY

anybody claims that there is abstraction. And since each dimension of reality can Whenever

an inherent conflict between science be perceived and understood only by obeying the and religion, one can be sure that such laws on which it is based, it follows that the approach claim is based on a fundamental misunderstanding of to truth at different levels may require the use of the nature of either religion, science, or most likely, different methods of investigation.

both. Of course, it is true that great conflicts have Is the method of religion different from the method

existed and do exist even today between these two of science? Yes, in practice it is different. Ultimately

fields of endeavor; however, such conflicts can be the two methods are directly related, but in the nature

identified as being invariably of one of the following of the mortal experience they are different. By defitypes: nition the scientific method demands empirical evi-

1. Conflict between false religion and true science dence, that is to say, evidence of the physical senses.

2. Conflict between false science and true religion Scientific truth is essentially empirical truth. It is a

3. Conflict between false religion and false science crucial scientific requirement that all scientific inTrue religion and true science have never been vestigations be limited to phenomena which are

in conflict. Indeed, they cannot be. Both fields proreachable only by the physical senses of man, or an

duce and are repositories of knowledge which is inextension thereof, such as touch, smell, hearing, sight, dispensable for the fullest development of man's and taste. Of course, science may and often does

intellectual and spiritual qualities. True religion will propose theories which at the given time appear to

always encourage the discovery and use of scientific refer to phenomena beyond the limits of the physical truth. Science, on the other hand, can confirm the senses. But not until the findings produced by these

assertions of true religion when the everincreasing theories have been confirmed by the physical senses accumulation of scientific knowledge brings the object does science claim true knowledge. Since any scienof those assertions within its realm. tific theory might be proven false, there is a vast

Religious truth is essentially the explanation of, or difference between a scientific theory and a scientific information about, the nature or order of phenomena fact. Scientific truth, then, is that type of truth which

for which.physical evidence is not always immediately has been acquired and repeatedly tested by the use

available. In science the equivalent of this is called of the physical senses of man, his physical nature.

a theory. Scientific truth is essentially the confirmaBut the physical senses are not all there is to man.

tion of theory. Since true religion by definition never Man is more than flesh and bones; man is also

suggests false theories, it never can be contradicted spirit. The nature of man is such that he can testify to

bv scientific truth. himself that his nature is more than physical. ThroughAll truth comes from the same source. But it must out the history of mankind, the greatest poets, writers,

be understood that truth exists at different levels of philosophers, and even the (Continued on page 894)

OCTOBER 1965 861... showing thatA Physicist, A Chemist

The Physicist

BY DARWIN J. HARWOOD

BS 19S6, BYU; MS 1959, PURDUE UNIVERSITY; PHD 1963,

PURDUE UNIVERSITY; SPECIALTY: PHYSICS AND MATHEMATICS

conflict other true five science senses In physics ways. on our is no between we depend

I religion. physical of to think that observe read phenomena. a Mainly most Thereand true we

the conflict which arises is in the minds of pointer on a dial or something similar to measure the people who know very little about either science or weight of an object, the current in a circuit, the religion or perhaps both. These people are not comtemperature of a gas, etc. Anything which cannot

petent to form comparisons. be measured by a pointer on a dial is outside of

In my mind, science and religion apply to such physics.

different fields of our experience that it is difficult In religion, however, we deal with spiritual things to get a conflict; for example, science has nothing to which cannot be measured. You cannot measure a

say about morals or ethics. Religion makes no attempt person's love for God. You cannot tell by reading a

to describe the structure of the atom. Only in the meter how honest a person is or how chaste or benevosmall region where the two fields overlap can we lent or any of these things. God has his own ways

make comparisons. We don't have the problem that for measuring these things that man doesn't underCopernicus, Galileo, and others had with the church stand.

taking a direct stand against the new scientific knowlIn the case of physics these observations are aided edge they brought forth. Our Church welcomes new much of the time by controlled experiments. You

knowledge of all kinds and from all sources as long cannot conduct controlled experiments on sunspots as it be true. or the aurora borealis, but on a very large number

Comparing physics in particular with religion, we of things you can. Anyone can do these same expericould say that physics deals with forces or interaction ments and get the same results. A much smaller

between various particles; with the structure of atoms, fraction of our religious knowledge is subject to conmolecules, nuclei, crystals, and matter in general; trolled experiment; for example, I know that God the

with the motion of planets, stars, molecules, electrons, Father and his Son Jesus Christ appeared to Joseph mesons, projectiles, etc. Our scriptures say very little Smith in the grove; but I cannot set up an experiment

about these things. to prove it. The type of experience that Joseph had

Religion deals with man's relationship to God. It doesn't happen to everyone, but only to certain

teaches us our purpose or goal in life, standards of prophets who have been preselected because they conduct necessary for the achievement of that goal, have shown their worthiness in the premortal and the part that Christ plays in the achievement existence.

of that goal. These things are not even mentioned in Much of our physical knowledge comes from inmy physics texts. spiration, hunches, or sudden flashes of insight or

Our methods of gaining knowledge in the two fields intuition. Some of this at least probably comes directly

are the same in some ways and very different in from God for the benefit (Continued on page 896)

862 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA the socalled problem is no problem at all!

The Chemist

BY PHILIP F. LOW

PRESIDENT, INDIANAPOLIS STAKE; BS 1943, BYU; MS 1944,

CALIFORNIA INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY; PHD 1949,

IOWA STATE COLLEGE; SPECIALTY: PHYSICAL

CHEMISTRY OF CLAYS AND SOILS

# # P F E will go down, for there is spaee religion have certain similarities. In both cases a

there, and we will take of these desire to know the truth is essential. Desire is the

materials, and we will make an motivating force. Then comes study. Without a thorearth whereon these may dwell; ough study of the scientific literature, the scientist is "Andwwe will prove them herewith, to see if they unprepared to formulate a worthwhile hypothesis.

will do all things whatsoever the Lord their God Nor is he aware of the best scientific methods by shall command them;"(Abr. 3:2425.) which he can test his hypothesis.

This remarkable statement made by Jesus Christ Without a thorough study of the religious literature, in the premortal state and recorded in the Pearl of that is, the scriptures, the religionist has no basis for

Great Price reveals two important truths that are his concept of God or his moral laws. After study

pertinent to this discussion. The first is that the earth comes experimentation. Experimentation is not rewas organized from preexisting materials and, hence, served for the scientist alone. Alma, referring to the

by using preexisting physical laws governing them. method whereby a testimony of the gospel may be

The second truth is that God established certain moral obtained, said, "... awake and arouse your faculties,

and religious laws which he has commanded us to even to an experiment upon my words,..."(Alma

obey. Science is concerned with the physical laws. 32:27. Italics added.) However, the experimental

Religion is concerned with the moral or religious procedures are not the same. The scientist does not

laws. But they are all laws of God and, since he is necessarily rely on prayer. He perceives the results of

a God of order, cannot be in conflict with each other. his experiments with his physical senses. He can exAny apparent conflict must be due to our misunderpect precisely the same results every time he performs

standing of them. the same experiment. And his results are interpreted

"The glory of God is intelligence,..."(D&C 93:36.) largely on the basis of reason. In contrast, the seeker

His power and majesty derive from his knowledge after religious truth relies on prayer. Sometimes the

and wise use of the laws that exist. We have been only test he can perform is that of prayer. But he

commanded, "Be ye therefore perfect, even as your can experiment with the principles of service, forgiveFather which is in heaven is perfect."(Matt. 5:48.) ness, repentance, etc., by putting these principles into

However, we cannot, become perfect until we have practice in his life. Usually he perceives the results of

the intelligence that he has. Therefore, we should his experiments with his "spiritual senses,"which are

strive to learn the truth of all things, not only of a the senses that are stimulated by the whisperings of scientific nature, but of a religious nature as well. the Spirit. In other words, after serving, forgiving,

Now the question arises, "How does one find the repenting, he receives an assurance by revelation that truth? How can he know what is a law and what is sendee, forgiveness, repentance are laws of God.

a theory?"The pathways to truth in both science and This revelation can come (Continued on page 896)

OCTOBER 1965 863 i

"At last I'm here, Alan. You remember what I

promised you sometime ago."The cheerful voice of

the boy's Uncle Derek echoed in from the opened front door. "The lark is on the wing; the voice of the

turtledove is heard in the land—and all that sort of

thing,"he added merrily as he saw Alan switch off a button and come toward him eagerly.

"Your sturdiest shoes now, your old Levi's, and we're off, off to canyon and woods and tumbling stream. But leave that book behind,"he added as he

BY WENDELL B. HAMMOND noted the boy still held the volume he had been reading. "And what kind of book is it?"

"Oh, it's all about space ships and astronauts and satellites and such things. It's keen, Uncle Derek,

keen."

864 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "Yes, Alan, it must be very keen, but we are going open, but most, you'll find, are very well hidden."

to places that no astronaut can find unless he stays Their path led them through the maple grove, then here on the good earth. But get ready, Alan; it's my through some birch with their deep red bark, and

day off. My car is here, and the canyon is not far soon to a clump of quite large scrub oak.

away.""First let's see who will find a few young acorns

Only a short distance up the canyon, they parked growing,"Uncle Derek said, and then very soon, their car near a grove of maples and birch. At the enafter pulling down a branch, "Here we have them

trance to the canyon Alan noticed a round, bare hillock before us now."And he pointed to three halfgrown

of ample size and height and exclaimed, "Look at that, acorns huddled together near the end of the branch.

Uncle Derek! Wouldn't that be a fine place for a They looked closely at the small acorns.

launching pad. Boy, how the old rockets could zoom "So frail and helpless they seem now, yet we know

up from that spot!"what they might become. But the question is: How

"You have sharp eyes for such things, Alan,"his did they get the urge to come out on the very right uncle said. "We'll soon see if they are sharp enough spot on this branch? Or how did they ever come out

to discover a few of nature's secrets. Some of them are at all from rough old (Continued on page 899)

OCTOBER 1965 869 After 1,300 years of silence the Arch of Ctesiphon, part of the summer palace of Saksanian Persian kings, ringswith applause once more—this time for State Department

sponsored BYU show.

Ambassador Adlai Stevenson at United Nations in New York with Norman and Rosanne Nielsen.

As the performance ended, Adlai Stevenson quickly bounded up on stage, faced the more than three hundred especially invited

United Nations'delegates"from many lands, and said, "I am completely captured! in These glorious una

people have represented superbly the ideals of my imeUSA country. I only wish to congratulate them with all my

heart."And with that the late, widely respected United

States Ambassador to the United Nations turned and began to greet and warmly embrace the twentyfive young Latterday Saints of Brigham Young University's popular variety show, "Curtain Time, USA."

BY JAY TODD

The special performance at the United Nations in a world where we need to understand and love

Building was only the beginning of the "welcome one another,"said tour manager Norman Nielsen.

home"reception that the studententertainers received And cut a swathe they did! Leaving from San

upon their return from a highly successful fourmonth Francisco, the group came home via New York on tour throughout Southeast Asia and the Middle East. a tour that literally took them around the globe as

Sent out by the US State Department as official they traveled more than 40,000 miles.

"goodwill ambassadors for America and her ideals,"From the lands of Mount Everest, the highest spot the entertainers broke language barriers in their on earth, to cities near the Dead Sea, the lowest spot ability to communicate heartto-heart to the peoples on earth, the song, dance, and instrumental show of the world. captivated and warmed the hearts of thousands.

"Never in the history of the Cultural Presentations More than 75,000 persons saw the performances live,

Program has the US State Department sent a more an estimated ten million saw them oh television, and successful tour abroad. This group did the impossible millions more heard them on radio shows and Voice

... and they did it with ease and dignity. Everybody of America programs that were beamed throughout

loved them,"said one State Department official. A the Southeast Asian and Middle Eastern sections of

full list of the countries in which the group performed the world.

is most impressive: Ceylon, India, Nepal, Pakistan, Shows were performed on race track grounds,

Afghanistan, Egypt, Iraq, Syria, Turkey, Greece, pasture land, ball fields; civic playgrounds, in univerJordan, Lebanon, Cyprus, and Austria. sity halls, gymnasiums, movie theaters, military halls,

In Greece two twentyyear-old boys came up after and municipal auditoriums. Students, professors,

the show and said, "We have never seen people like ambassadors, government leaders, diplomats, royalty, you. Why are you so happy? What makes you this citizens laughed, cried, and applauded together.

way?"Charles E. Ellison, director of the Cultural Presen-

"I think it was the purpose of the group to cut a tations Program of the State Department, said, "The swathe of love across the countries we visited the tour convincingly demonstrated the advantages which likes of which has never been seen. We wanted people a variety show has in winning audiences of diverse

to know that we were their brothers and that we live national, social, racial, linguistic, religious, and culOCTOBER 1965 867

Norman Nielsen tries to prove to Glenda Gardner, "Anything you can do, I can do better,"to the delight of an audience in Kathmandu, Nepal. The show sparkled witli

numbers based on famous Broadway musicals. Cast members were on a tight schedule of performances but found

tural backgrounds. The appeal of 'Curtain Time, and highly spoiled by wealth as they race around in

USA'proved to be truly universal."their flashy sports cars.

But spreading love, though an important part of "But this group from Brigham Young represents the tour, was only part of the job. "We soon discovthe larger, the finer element of American youth...

ered that one of our purposes was to help wipe out the youth who will prevail; for they do not smoke,

the distorted images many people have of Americans,"or drink, and their customs and manners as you have said dancer Kim Booke of Provo, Utah. observed are of modesty and good bearing. They are

"Time after time students would say that we had Mormons. Their religion teaches them to live this

completely changed their outlook toward Americans. way. I am so glad that the United States State DeSome said that we were such a contrast to their prepartment has sent this type of ambassador to show

conceived notion that they couldn't help liking us,"us the contrast between the image we have and the said singer Taylor MacDonald of El Paso, Texas. truth. As you would say... God bless you,"and the

"It has been known for years,"said Mr. Ellison, speaker turned and bowed to the cast.

"that the low class movies and certain types of records Another of the State Department's purposes in that often receive wide distribution in foreign lands sending cultural exchange programs abroad is to proare our biggest enemies. That is why we were so vide a "showcase for America."While in Colombo,

deeply appreciative of the new kind of image left Ceylon, the show was given for three days at the by 'Curtain Time, USA.'Ceylon Industrial Exhibition in an attempt to offset

In fact, it was not unusual for those who introduced some of the appeal being made at the fair by the the BYU students to comment about the high stancommunist nations of Red China, Czechoslovakia, dards practised by the "Curtain Time"entertainers. Poland, and East Germany.

At the University of Ceylon an official said, while The first performance filled the seats of the race introducing the cast to more than 700 students, "Here track as the BYU collegians performed on a makeshift in Ceylon our notion of American youth is what we stage on the track. The newspapers gave very favorget only from rock and roll records and secondrate able reviews. On the second day Ceylonese workers

Hollywood films. We view American youth with a at the United States Pavilion staged a mild strike

cigarette in one hand, a glass of alcohol in the other, that got front page attention demanding that they

S68 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA time to visit some points of interest. The castle was built through consistently in spite of language differences.

by crusaders in Sidon, Lebanon Republic. The enthusiasm Members of the cast exchanged ideas with the peoples

and zest with which the troupe performed won almost they visited at, every available opportunity. Jon D. Green

immediate response from every audience. This group in and Dean Black (lower right) chat with Indian women

Cyprus reflects the happy spirit, the lift, that came at a dinner given in honor of tlie BYU group in Madras.

too be allowed to see the show. And by the third

day so popular had the visiting American studententertainers become that one fair official said, "During the performances of 'Curtain Time, USA/ the rest of the fair looks like a dead city."Following the final

performance, an estimated 10,000 Ceylonese cheered as a wellknown Colombo Choir ran up on stage and sang in broken English "The StarSpangled Banner."

It was a moving tribute to the ideals that America and other nations share in common.

So widely publicized had the tour become that by the time the twentyfive goodwill missionaries reached

Iraq, they were asked by the Iraqi government to inaugurate an ancient shrine, the Arch of Ctesiphon, as a cultural center. The performance of "Curtain

Time, USA"was to be the first cultural presentation under the arch for over 1,300 years. But the muchheralded event nearly became a disaster when it was

learned that all the show's costumes, props, lights, and instruments had been delayed in their flight from

Egypt. And, as if this weren't enough, ominous clouds

and fierce gusts of wind played havoc everywhere.

But in the spirit of the theater, the show went on—

and was a rousing success even though it was performed in street clothes, with borrowed instruments, and with little of the usual electronic lighting and sound effects. And though the wind howled and the

OCTOBER 1965 The opening performance at the Stadthalle (left) began an exciting week of the tour spent in Austria. The show

teas a leading attraction in the Vienna Festival Weeks.

In Alexandria, Egypt (lower left), part of the group paused near a pillar erected during Roman rule by Pomram poured intermittently, a standing ovation was accorded the cast, and a request came immediately for a nationwide television show. An estimated three

million Iraqis saw the television show three days later.

But to the BYU students it seemed as if everyone had been watching, for wherever they went in Iraq, people would ask for autographs or even mimic a dance routine as they indicated that they had seen and liked the show.

One US Embassy official said, "In the job of winning hearts, this is the greatest collection of talent IVe ever seen."

Secretary of State Dean Rusk cabled: "Extend

Department's warm greetings to BYU for most successful tour thus far accomplished in spite of hardships encountered. Department sincerely gratified members

contributions both on and off stage."

King Hussein I of Jordan, meeting with the students during a rare threehour visit, said, "My countrymen have deluged me with calls telling of your popularity with them. I wanted to see you for myself. And I

have not been disappointed."During the course of

the evening, the twentynine-yearold monarch became intently interested when cast members pointed out many of the similarities between Jordan and

Utah: both have a dead sea, a Jordan River, a Mount

Nebo, a Moab, and both are religious centers.

pey. At a reception Roger Call had the opportunity to government officials throughout the tour. Here the Chief

meet Mr. Omar El Farouk Osman and Mrs. Osman Minister Brahmananda Reddy of Andhra Pradesh greets

(daughter of Dr. Mohamed Aly Hafez, Deputy Minister members of the BYU team. One US official said, "In the

of Education) and Mr. Attia, Egyptian artist. The cast job of winning hearts, this is the greatest collection of

was greatly honored by introductions to royalty and high talent I've ever seen!"

The powerful Arab newspaper, trie Jerusalem politics, economics, and religious and social conditions

Times, said, "The 25 members—13 women and 12 of the countries they were to visit.

men—are one of the best investments of the U.S. State Creator and producer of the show, Jane Thompson,

Department, for its net crop of love, friendship, and drilled and practised the troupe an additional ten peace is greater than any U.S. money or arms deal hours a week on the many intricate dance and musical

could gain."arrangements. "We wanted to capture the warmth,

Wherever "Curtain Time"went the story was the enthusiasm, and genuineness of character that would same. "It is a matter of record,"said George West, inspire people to do good things,"said singer Dean

the State Department officer who accompanied the Black of Aurora, Colorado.

group during the entire tour, "that there was not even But once the tour was underway, even more inone unfavorable press review or unfavorable response tensive work began as the troupe personalized each by the public during the entire fourmonth period. show for each nation's particular audience. Master of

That is fantastic in itself."ceremonies Gary Lawrence, Springville, Utah, would

From the press reports and public response, there learn sufficient language of each country to introduce seems to be no question that the young Latterday the show. The accordionist, former United States

Saints were able to break through barriers. national accordion champion Janet Cutrer Todd,

"People are really amazed when we tell them that learned folk tunes of each nation as she quickly we faced no language barriers. But we didn't,"said played herself into the hearts of even the hostile.

dancer Tanya Hale of Glendale, California. "We beAnd as a special gesture, at the end of each perlieve that we have found a way to communicate from formance, the troupe would sing in the local language

heart to heart, from spirit to spirit. Without any the host nation's national anthem. The efforts to learn

understandable words we can get across our message the often very difficult wordings and intonations were of love and stedfastness to worthwhile things."always rewarded by thunderous ovations. '

But the accolades, honors, and praises that were But the entertainers'offstage activities just as showered upon the group were not lightly won. Durequally endeared them to everyone they met. The

ing the fall semester before their departure in midBYU troupers were guests at countless receptions,

February, the students studied four hours a week the parties, discussions, and {Continued on page 902)

OCTOBER 1965 871.

FallenHowArt Thou BY ALMA P. BURTON

ASSISTANT ADMINISTRATOR OF SEMINARIES AND

INSTITUTES OF RELIGION

about by such a vivid and forcible display opportunity that can be used to lead the children The work of the devil is not always brought stantly alert, as are those who serve him, to every of evil power as related in the experience of our Heavenly Father from the paths of truth and o Heber C. Kimball and Orson Hyde in the righteousness, and he is constantly seeking ways to

encounter which they had. The devil works in many retard the work and progress of the kingdom of God

ways to fight against the children of God and his on earth.

kingdom. He will use any means possible to influence The leaders of the Church from time to time have

men and women to turn from paths of truth and warned against the enticements of the devil and his righteousness. He is the father of lies and of deception. followers as they attempt to lead man from the path

He has dealt in this work for a long time and has beof righteousness. Evil spirits study a person and his

come not only master of it himself but an able teacher surroundings and constantly strive to make the most of these things to the body of spirits who followed telling inroads possible upon his conduct by their him when he was cast out of heaven and to those powerful influence. President Brigham Young stated

who have accepted and followed his wicked ways regarding the watchful waiting of Satan and his folwhile in this mortal existence. lowers that:

Nephi taught that the devil uses four particular "... every person who desires and strives to be a

ways to turn men from following the Lord: Saint is closely watched by fallen spirits that came

"For behold, at that day shall he rage in the hearts here when Lucifer fell, and by the spirits of wicked of the children of men, and stir them up to anger persons who have been here in tabernacles and deagainst that which is good. parted from them, but who are still under the control

"And others will he pacify, and lull them away of the prince of the power of the air. Those spirits

into carnal security, that they will say: All is well in are never idle; they are watching every person who

Zion; yea, Zion prospereth, all is well—and thus the wishes to do right, and are continually prompting

devil cheateth their souls, and leadeth them away them to do wrong."(JD, 7, 239.)

carefully down to hell. continuous promptings of the devil or

the spirits that followed him, as well as the "And behold, others he flattereth away, and telleth The them there is no hell; and he saith unto them: I am no spirits of wicked men and women who have

devil, for there is none—and thus he whispereth in departed this life, have been felt by us all.

their ears, until he grasps them with his awful chains, The temptation to lie when we are caught in somefrom whence there is no deliverance."(2 Nephi thing for which we do not wish to take the blame,

28:2022.) the temptation to take something that doesn't be-

- "y-OTE that he says that (1) Satan will "stir long to us, the temptation to keep the extra money

L them up to anger against that which is good,"that someone has mistakenly given us as we re-

L (2) he will "lull them into carnal security... ceived our change, the temptation to speak evil about

Jl. and leadeth them away carefully down to someone are examples of promptings that have

hell,"(3) "others he flattereth away, and telleth come to us all. We might cite other examples in

them there is no hell;"and (4) "he saith unto many other areas of conduct to illustrate the constant

them: I am no devil, for there is none—and thus he daily attempts that are made by the devil to influence

whispereth in their ears until he grasps them."us to sin.

Whatever his method, his object—which is to make The devil is using every stratagem and deceitful

men miserable like himself—never changes. He is conway possible to ensnare mortal beings and lead them

872 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA teaching CONDUCTED BY THE CHURCH SCHOOL SYSTEM.. PART TWO Lucifer?

captive to his will that he may cause them to follow ceive the very elect."(JI, 37, 562, September 1902.)

his evil ways. But it is not only the individual that he President Smith pointed out, the devil will

is fighting against, but also the mission work of the use every available means to lead the chilLord Jesus Christ and the building of his kingdom. Asdren of our Heavenly Father astray. He

PRESIDENT WlLFORD WOODRUFF taught that: further warns us that no satisfaction can come

"This arch enemy of God and man, called from following the promptings and enticements of the devil, the 'Son of the Morning,'who dwells Satan and that, if we do follow his promptings to do here on the earth, is a personage of great evil, it will only bring disappointment, misery, and power; he has great influence and knowledge. He spiritual death.

understands that if this kingdom, which he rebelled President Brigham Young declared that the devil is against in heaven, prevails on the earth, there will interested only in the work of destruction, and he conbe no dominion here for him.... There is a vast numtrasted the work of the devil with the work of the

ber of fallen spirits, cast out with him, here on the Lord:

earth. They do not die and disappear; they have not "The devil delights in the work of destruction—to

bodies only as they enter the tabernacles of men. burn and lay waste and destroy the whole earth. He

They have not organized bodies, and are not to be delights to convulse and throw into confusion the seen with the sight of the eye. But there are many affairs of men, politically, religiously and morally,

evil spirits amongst us, and they labor to overthrow introducing war with its long train of dreadful consethe Church and kingdom of God."(Ibid., 13, 163.) quences. It is evil which causeth all these miseries

As Wilford Woodruff taught, the devil is aware that and all deformity to come upon the inhabitants of the if he does not stop the progress of the kingdom of earth. But that which is of God is pure, lovely, holy

God, which he rebelled against in the heavens, there and full of all excellency and truth, no matter where it will be no place for him hereafter among the mortal is found, in hell, in heaven, upon the earth, or in the sons and daughters of God. Therefore he and his folplanets."(JD, 11, 240.)

lowers are constantly laboring to overthrow the From the statement of President Young we realize

Church and kingdom of God. that through the persuasion of the devil, destruction,

President Joseph F. Smith declared regarding the misery, and evil have been brought to the inhabitants

work of Satan: of the earth. It should not be difficult for us to recoggreat power in the earth and that by evil acts of a lesser degree are brought about by the Lethas it not be forgotten that the evil one nize that war, murder, adultery, as well as all other

every possible means he seeks to darken influence of evil spirits and as a result of the promptthe minds of men and then offers them ings of the devil.

falsehood and deception in the guise of truth. Satan From these statements we are caused to query,

is a skillful imitator, and as genuine gospel truth is "Who then is Satan?"The answer is that he is "an

given the world in an everincreasing abundance, so he angel of God who was in authority in the presence of spreads the counterfeit coin of false doctrine. Beware God,"and "was thrust down from the presence of God

of his spurious currency, it will purchase for you nothand the Son, ing but disappointment, misery and spiritual death. "And was called Perdition, for the heavens wept

The 'father of lies'he has been called, and such an over him—he was Lucifer, a son of the morning."

adept has he become through the ages of practice in (D&C 76:2526.)

his nefarious work, that were it possible he would dePresident John Taylor (Continued on page 901)

OCTOBER 1965 873 Strange LetterA BY EL.WIN W. JENSEN

GEORGE LAUB

Mormon Pioneer

"... there are... hundreds of thousands... of them [people]

in the spirit world who long to receive this gospel.... They are

icaiting on you.... They know where their records are, and I

testify to you that the spirit and influence of your dead will guide those who are interested in finding those records. If there is anywhere on the earth anything concerning them, you will find it....

But you must begin to work. You must begin to inquire after your

dead."(Sermons and Missionary Services of Melvin J. Ballard, p. 230.)

After nearly one hundred yielded little. It was even suggested that only a

years of fruitless searching, miracle would provide the information needed to members of the George Laub establish the ancestral pedigree and locate the original family organization had almost home. Such a suggestion, of course, was based upon

concluded that neither they nor faith in the power and influence of the spirit of their deceased progenitors knew Elijah.

where their ancestral records A bronze. plaque in the Pioneer Memorial Theatre,

reposed, if indeed there were University of Utah, honors the memory of George any records anywhere concernLaub, a Mormon pioneer. It is fitting that his name

ing them. Years of effort and should appear in that building in memoriam, because

many hours of research had many years earlier he assisted in the construction of

B74 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA the original Salt Lake Theatre. Because he was a in Winter Quarters for a time, and, moving on, arrived

skilled carpenter and cabinetmaker, his talents were in the Salt Lake Valley on August 21, 1852. He worked

very useful in the fledgling pioneer settlement of the as a carpenter on the Isaac Chase Mill, the Salt

Great Salt Lake Valley. But honoring the memory of Lake Theatre, and the old Sugar House. In 1863

a pioneer progenitor with a numerous posterity is a he was called to St. George to assist in building

much simpler task than seeking out his obscure projects there, including the tabernacle. He spent

ancestry. the remainder of his life in southern Utah.

George was a descendant of the sturdy German He was interested in other things besides carpentry immigrant settlers of eastern Pennsylvania. He was work, however. He had an urgent desire to seek out

born in 1814 in Earl township, Lancaster County, his kindred. Having been separated from his family,

a son of John and Barbara Laub. When but a lad he had had little opportunity to know them well or

at the tender age of eight years, his father died, and to follow their movements. Yet he dispatched many

he was "farmed out"to make his own way in the letters, seeking information about his scattered brothworld. Fortunately for the youngster, he was cared ers and other relatives. A few replies were received,

for by a kind family who provided him with a meager and he located one of his brothers, but most of the livelihood and eventually arranged for him to be facts obtained were vague, brief, and far from helpful.

apprenticed as a carpenter. Within a few years He never was able to identify his ancestors adeanother tragedy came into his life. His mother died. quately.

Contacts with his family then became limited, and Many years later, officers of the George Laub he soon lost trace of many of his relatives and kinfolk. family organization began anew to seek out the anWhen he was a young man, George moved to cestors of the Laub progenitor. Many hours of time

Chester County, Pennsylvania, and was apprenticed were spent in research. Archive records and Pennunder another tradesman. Here occurred a turning sylvania publications were searched; letters were

point in his life. He became friends with a young written; volume after volume was diligently reviewed.

man who was interested in a new religion. This friend The net result was a few scattered and disconnected

induced George to go with him and hear the message names and facts. Research in Pennsylvania can be

of these new ministers. From the first visit, George difficult. The early records are not the best, and

was also attracted to this new faith, called Mormonmany of them are inaccessible.

ism; and whenever the opportunity arose, he arranged One action seemed of little import at the time,

to attend meetings where the elders were to preach. but it started an unusual chain of events. In 1936

In some of these meetings there was lively opposition, Raymond Laub, a grandson of George Laub from but he found himself siding with the Mormon viewSimi, California, joined the New York Genealogical point. and Biographical Society. This membership entitled

Eventually, being fully convinced of the truth of him to place one request in the society's magazine

The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, he for family genealogical information. Accordingly, he

decided to apply for baptism. His feelings are replaced for publication a statement that he was inflected in a comment made in his journal: "I rejoiced terested in any information pertaining to a John and

in the truth which I found.... I would not give it Elizabeth Laub, of Lancaster or Berks County,

up for worlds... for I knew it to be the truth from Pennsylvania, who were the supposed grandparents

heaven and felt the power."of George Laub. No response was received.

Shortly after his baptism, he and a group of the In the meantime other members of the family exSaints in that area decided to migrate to the gathering pended much effort in an attempt to locate family place of the Church. The trip to Nauvoo took nineteen records. None of these searches was successful. A

days by land and water. The arrival was a joyous special effort was made three years ago, when an

occasion for George. In his journal he wrote: "I had intensive campaign was instituted to locate any and

longed to see the Prophet. I then had the opportunity all records pertaining to the Laub family—letters,

of striking good hands with him, and my heart leaped archive entries, church records, any bit of information.

in me for joy for I had greater affection toward him A few new and possibly valuable facts were found, than any other person on earth."but nothing was of a conclusive nature.

In Nauvoo George met a young woman, Mary Jane In 1960 a man named Harlan Laub, of Lake City,

McGennis, who became his wife. They joined the Pennsylvania, having a keen interest in record work,

westward migration of the Mormon pioneers, living was busily engaged (Continued on page 918)

OCTOBER 1965 875

Thanksgiving Hymns from Qumran:

"I thank thee, O Lord, that thou hast placed me as [or in] a founSINCE tain of running water in a desert place... irrigating a garden [or

orchard] in the desert, where...

stand planted for thy glory alone, CUMORAH the trees that never die NEW VOICES FROM THE DUST forth branches that never... puttingwither,

taking root before they blossom,

BY HUGH NIBLEY, PH.D. reaching out their roots to the

PROFESSOR OF HISTORY AND RELIGION, BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY stream... of living waters."(viii,

1-8.) So far the general image of the wellwatered trees represents the righteous in the desert of the world.

The Olive Tree Then, more specifically, God's law is described as a special tree, an abused and battered stump, against

It is Jacob, whose parents had difficult to obtain and perpetuate; which the other trees vaunt their

spent most of their days in Jeruthe ancient way of strengthening superiority, "for they spread far salem, and who thought of himself the old trees ( especially in Greece and wide in the vineyard, though simply as an exile from that place was to graft in the shoots of the oletheir roots do not seek the waters (Jacob 7:26), who quotes the long aster or wild olive; also, shoots from of the stream [i.e., the water of

Parable of the Olive Tree at valuable old trees were translife], while the tree which was length from the writings of Zenos: planted to keep the stock alive planted in truth and is destined to

"Behold, my brethren, do ye not reafter the parent tree should perish; bring to flower branches of holiness

member to have read the words of to a surprising degree the olive prekeeps its secret hidden and sealed, the prophet Zenos...."(Ibid,, 5:1.) fers poor and rocky ground, whereunesteemed and unnoticed."(viii,

We might notice here that apart as rich soil produces inferior fruit; 9-11. ) What better figure for Israel

from all literary considerations too much grafting produces a nonamong the nations than that of the

Jacob's (or rather Zenos's) treatise descript and cluttered yield of tree destined to bear fruit, but for of ancient olive culture is accurate fruit; the top branches if allowed to the present a damaged stump

in every detail: Olive trees do have grow as in Spain and France, while among the proud but fruitless "fir,

to be pruned and cultivated diliproducing a good shade tree, will the pine, and the cypress"? (viii, 5,

gently; the top branches are indeed indeed sap the strength of the tree 1113.)

the first to wither, and the new and give a poor crop; fertilizing God has kept the fruit of the tree,

shoots do come right out of the with dung is very important, in we are told next, in secret reserve trunk; the olive is indeed the most spite of the preference for rocky as long as Israel "did not believe

plastic of trees, surpassing even the ground, and has been practised in the Wellspring of life,"though willow in its power to survive the since ancient times; the thing to be the tree remained alive. The image

most drastic whacking and burning; most guarded against is bitterness is familiar from some of the earliest

the trees were commonly planted in in the fruit. 7G All these points, taken Christian writings, 77 and Zenos,

vineyard areas, and the word from a treatise on ancient olive culwho significantly gives no explana- "carmel"can mean either an olive ture, are duly, though quite casually, orchard or a vineyard; a good olive noted in Zenos's Parable of the Olive

tree is greatly cherished, and no Tree. Let the reader peruse this

end of pains are taken to preserve long account in Jacob chapters 5 it even through many centuries, for and 6, and then consider Hymn 10 An ancienton theoliveslopestree really superior fruit is very rare and (also called Hymn 0) of the of the Mount of Olives.

876 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

tion of his parable any more than tells how, "if I relax my hand, it the furrows thereof,"says the our hymn writer does, has the Lord [the tree] becomes like a thing in Thanksgiving Hymns, "its roots say: the desert, its branches like weeds, strike even on granite, its stocks are

"... behold, for a long time like briars and brambles.... its firmgrounded in the earth...."

will I lay up of the fruit of my leaves fade before the heat; it is not (viii, 2223.)

vineyard unto mine own self exposed to water. It suffers mishap Through Zenos the Lord comagainst the season, which speedily and disease and becomes a (tarmands: "... dig about the trees,

cometh...."(Jacob 5:76.) get ) for all mariner of blight."( viii, both old and young, first and

On the other hand, says the 2426.) Just so, in Zenos's account, the last....

hymn, "the trees of the wicked dire consequences followed an ",.. prepare the way for them,

shall be felled [or hewn down] interval of inactivity, representing, that they may grow."(Jacob 5:

... and fire shall go forth, and they of course, the time of Israel's dis63 f.)

shall wither."(viii, 1920.) Comtress: And when this is done, "... the

pare this with Jacob "And it came to pass that a long natural branches began to grow and "... and the bad [shall] be time had passed away, and the thrive exceedingly;... and they

hewn dowri and cast into the Lord of the vineyard said... did keep the root... thereof equal,

fire...."(Jacob 5:66.) Come, let us... labor again in the according to the strength thereof."

It is not only the main tree that vineyard... and behold all sorts of (V. 73.)

survives, however, for in the end, fruit did cumber the tree.... Special care was taken to "pluck

as in Zenos's story, "... the orchard "... and there [was] none of it from the tree those branches whose

which I have planted shall bloom which [was] good.... it profiteth fruit is most bitter...,"79 (See vs.

fair for ever,... its trees planted me nothing...."(Jacob 5:2932.) 52, 57, 65, 79. ) In our hymn the poet

in line of the sun...."78 Note the To restore the tree the Lord of complains that what he has planted

proper technical concern as well the garden must work with a will: has turned to bitterness, and in anas the happy ending. The Lord "When I apply my hand to dig other of (Continued on page 916)

OCTOBER 1965 877 All too often in teaching we try to hold a child's them) placed over one's hand are the simplest of all.

attention before we get it. I would like to recommend Potato or papiermache heads or styrofoam balls for

a great attentiongetter to you. It's puppets! Little heads make them a little more special. Inexpensive doll

toddlers are fascinated by the puppets'movements, faces can be purchased from hobby stores. When

growing children find anything they say impressive these faces are stitched to fabric heads, hats, and bagand memorable, and even teenagers and adults are like bodies, they make cute puppets. For a more procharmed by them. Anything a puppet says is far more fessional puppet, patterns can be secured for a

eloquent than the wellworn teachings so often heard completely fabric puppet. Clever puppets can also be

from parents. Their third party influence fust can't purchased commercially.

be overestimated. Because of this, puppets rank among It takes little skill to work with puppets—some of

the great teachers of all time and frequently provide our best puppet lessons have been given by our young just the spoonful of sugar needed to help the medicine children with their own original stories and lesson go down! ideas. ( If a child's fingers are too short to manipulate

Puppets can be easily made in a number of different the puppet, have him insert a spoon handle in the ways. Paper bags or socks (with faces painted on puppet's head.) All one must remember is that the

A SPOONFUL OF SUGAR

BY DARYL Y. HOOLE

PUPPETS puppet who is speaking waves his arms or nods value in your family, too, because after all, if a puppet his head as he does so. The other puppet or puppets says so, it's great!

on the scene are to be motionless until their turn to THE WINNING WAY speak. A cardboard box decorated by the children Scene I. Saturday morning.

makes a fine puppet stage. Also, puppet demonstraBruce: Hi, Gary. Where are you going in such a

tions can be effective with the puppets appearing hurry?

from behind a couch or armchair. Gary: Oh, hello, Bruce. Mr. Stevens from, the

Almost any story can be adapted for puppets just grocery store just called. He needs some extra help

by developing a simple dialogue. It can be very today and asked if I would like the job.

challenging and satisfying to parents to create some Bruce: Is that all that's making you feel so enthusioriginal puppet stories to meet needs in teaching their astic? Golly, who wants to spend his Saturday workchildren. Children love to give puppet lessons to ing in a grocery store?... I'm glad nobody ever calls

each other and to their dolls, and the sermons they me for a job.

preach are remarkable! Following is a sample lesson Gary: I like it. I have to earn five more dollars and

which has helped our children. We feel it can be of I'll have enough (Continued on following page)

X

iribjiain iff*

*n$M X (Continued from preceding page)

money for swimming lessons this summer. Besides, the last time I

worked for Mr. Stevens, he said I

had done so well that he gave me an extra fiftycents for the day. I

1 iiiiiii I.. can't pass up a chance like this. By

the way, what are you going to do today?

Bruce: Who, me? Oh, I don't

know. I'll just ride around on my

bike until I find something to do.

%gi: later.Gary:Oh, Well,wait a okay.minute.I'llNextsee weekyou

we're to register for swimming lessons. Why don't you take lessons

with me? You're ready for the advanced class by now, aren't you?

Bruce: I guess so, but I can't see

much reason to go on with lessons.

I can paddle around a little bit.

Besides, when it's hot I just don't feel like doing anything. Have fun

at the grocery store, ha ha! See you

R.M.S. Queen Elizabeth, 83,673 tons, stabilizer equipped. later.

II. Next week. Is British service the reason to Scene

Gary. What's the matter, Bruce?

terrible. look You sail on a giant Cunard Queen? Bruce: I'm all right. It's just Aw,

that these report card days always put me down in the dumps.

Gary: Bad marks, is that right?

Bruce: Yeah, and besides that I

got several unsatisfactory checks in my citizenship. I wonder who that

old Miss Ryan thinks she is. She

claims that I don't use my time well and that my work isn't as good as

I could do. Gee, what do people

expect of one guy?... Does she

pick on you, too, Gary?

Gary. Now, Bruce, you don't

really think Miss Ryan would pick on anyone. I bet we get just what

we deserve.

that Yeah, say can you got top marks probably Well, it's one. becauseBruce:you

in everything.

Gary: That's right, Bruce, I did

British service, acres of space, gourmet cuisine, a long relaxing get good marks, but I worked hard weekend—that's the only way to go to Europe. And only Cunard forBruce:them. I'll have to admit, you do

offers all of this. work hard, but it seems easy for

you to do so.

JlFrom New York: A Cunard thia, Carmania and Franconia, sailGary: I guess that's because I'm

to it. has sails had me every ing My mom from to used Montreal Wednesday and Quebec ir/ Queen

I since ever can working rememIrish, direct tojsl-c Scottish, then to English, France and French and

England. You can also sail to Ireland Dutch ports. ber.list ofEverychoresmorningto do, sheand givesshe makesme a

and England on Cunard's Sylvania. Cunard Cruises: World's widest me stick with them until thev're

From Canada: Take advantage of ranging cruise program, with saildone right. She really expects a lot

low rates aboard Cunard's Carinings the year round. of me and makes certain that I

work to the best of my ability.

For details about Cunard sailings, see your travel agent or

Cunard Line, 210 Post Street, San Francisco 8, California (Tel: EX 2-1307).

880 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA...

Bruce: Ugh, what a life. I never California. I guess we couldn't afdo anything, at home but watch ford it either, except that all of us

TV. My mother keeps saying I children have been saving some

should keep up my room, but all of our money since last year and she does is talk about it, so I don't are contributing toward the trip.

get very worried. Oh, last week I Mother says when we all work todid try to wash the car, but Dad gether, wonderful things can hapsaid it looked worse after I was pen. We've had some great trips

through than it did before and not this way before. I can hardly wait

to mess with that again. to go this year.

Gary: Boy, if that had been at Bruce: Wow, that really sounds

my home, my dad would have fun. How do you earn your money? VACUUM PACKEDworked with me until I knew how Gary: My two older brothers PEANUT BRITTLE

to sparkle. parttime jobs, have and make it my

sitting Bruce: helps sister 100% PROFIT a neighgoes baby and are your parents What

totrying I've bor ironing. her got with a do to you, Don't anyway? INVESTMENT NO

10 every $60.00 time members of your ever CASH route as you'll and, paperyou have any or freedom time rememsell 12 cans Peaof OldFashioned group each ber, Ifor store help out at the fun? grocery at can. $1.00 nut Brittle per

size quart cost your cans PROFIT! 100% while. in a once Gary: the During Oh, sure. I complain sumabout

only 50c for $1.00! Theeach—sell Iall mertime sometimes, really lawns do and the work but 120 mow lc! Order EVEN NOT groupNO INVESTMENT!

it's surprising how many hours are yard work around the neighbortopayment.1200 cansGivetoday.your Takename,uptitle,to 30phonedays numberto sendleft after my chores and studying hood. My little sister puts up the and complete address, the name, address, etc.

are done. I have lots of time for lunches for all of us and earns some ofdesired,2nd officer,and nearestname ofFreightgroup,Officequantity(noofparceleach

Cub Scouts. I just finished my money that way. post). Extras sent FREE to cover shipping cost

nineteenth model airplane. I've got Bruce: Do you have to donate all ONLY!east of Rockies.WRITE OFFERTODAY!OPEN TO GROUPS

a collection of them in my room. your money to family projects or

I'm going camping Friday night do you have some to spend, too?

with my older brothers. Mmmm, Gary. Oh, I have some to spend. VERNE COLLIER

I can taste those juicy hot dogs Dad has helped me work out a already. Oh, and right now I've budget. I always put ten percent Dept. 5-19

been repainting the tree house I of my money away for tithing. 900 North 19th Street

built last year. You should see how I BIRA,BIRMINGHAM 3, ALABAMAAA J

neat it's going to be. Really, I Scene IV. Fall day after school.

have lots of fun. Dad tells me that

my duties around the home and Bruce: Gary! That's real swell

yard really help me to have more that you've been elected president extra time because they teach me of our class. You'll be great.

to use my time better. Gary: Thanks. I'll sure do my

Bruce: Your parents are really best. How are things with you?

strict. Mine don't seem to care what Bruce: You know, Gary, I've

I do. I don't think I care, either. All been thinking a lot about you

they do is punish me when I'm too lately. To be honest, I used to

noisy and take my temperature think you were the most pickedon, when I'm too quiet. overworked fellow I knew. But I

Gary: It's my dinner time. Sorry can see now that you get out of life

about your report card. See you just what you put into it. You have

later. great times with your family.

Everybody likes you, and you have

Scene III. Summer vacation. lots of friends. You know how to

work well and earn money. You

Bruce: Hi, Gary. What are you get the best grades, and you always Prices

doing now? have fun, interesting things to do.

Gary: Hi. Come on and help. Now I'm the guy I feel sorry for. are LOW

Dad said when these weeds are Nothing special ever happens to in Idaho pulled he'd take me swimming. me. I'm sure it's because I never

all styles L.D.S. 50 include temple effort. I'd Some special forth pulling a any about weeds? I put fewHow

in latest designs white parchments. and lot to take give a you, Gary. be likebet swimming! would you Dad How napkins, albums, Matching Mormon

Bruce: Well... okay, it's a deal. can I do it? accessories. One day rush order service.other

Gary (still pulling, weeds): Gary. That's a real big question,

Where are you going on your vacaBruce. Maybe one way would be

tion this year, Bruce? to have my folks talk to your parBruce: Oh, we aren't going anyents and tell them some of the

for catalog samples, refunded 25c & our family. They Send do inwhere. we My folks say we can't afthings

if first air order. mail desired.) (50c on could tell mother and father vourford it.

Rexburg, Idaho REXCRAFT, Gary: That's too bad. We're gohow you feel. 83440

ing to Disneyland and the beach in Bruce: Gee, that's a great idea! Name

Address

City. Zone, State

OCTOBER 1965 881 The Church Moves On

Your Family will come Running, Too! JULY 1965

An alltime record of appreciative audiences assembled during five nightly oneand-a-halfhour productions of the

of flavor and For the aroma fresh 28th annual Hill Cumorah pageant, "America's Witness for Christ,"rolls other and bread, baked home

is we all something bakery, love. near Palmyra, New York. From the slope of the hill where the

ground fresh stone use you And, when whole wheat flour, your home made Book of Mormon plates were given into the possession of the rolls, and cakes buns pancakes, bread, and Prophet Joseph Smith by the messenger of the Lord 138 years ago, the vital energy will supply all grain. in the whole vitamins of 400 performers directed and assisted by 35 supervisors and techharvest the family reap Help your

health and nutrition found in whole nicians, portrayed the rise and fall of the mighty Nephite civilizafor Write today grain wheat. free tion of ancient America. Since its beginning in 1937, Dr. Harold Mills Flour on Lee Household nformation

whole wheat recipes using 100% and I. Hansen of Brigham Young University has directed the drama

with bread fresh flour. some Bake

whole wheat flour and let your family now majestically and beautifully accompanied by the musical score $1.50 Send the difference. taste for of Dr. Crawford Gates as rendered by the eightypiece Utah Flour, Wheat 5- Deaf Smith Whole

freshly ground in a Lee Mill. Symphony, the combined choirs of Brigham Young University,

and the Tabernacle organ through complex fivetrack stereophonic sound.

LEE ENGINEERING CO.

2023 W. Wisconsin Ave., Milwaukee, Wis. 53201 AUGUST 1965

The First Presidency announced the appointment of Elder as president of the Great C. Lake City Frank Berg of Salt A new book by Roy Doxey President P. Mickelsen. President succeeding Lloyd Mission Lakes

ZION IN THE LAST DAYS Berg filled a mission in the SwissGerman Mission from 1931 to

In this inspiring little volume Professor Roy 1934. He has served in a ward bishopric and as a member of a

Doxey of the Faculty of Religion of the stake high council. He is a former counselor and president of the

Brigham Young University explores prophMonument Park West Stake. He was Germanic area supervisor for

ecies relating to the building of a Holy the church building committee, 196265, where he also served as

Saints before rhe Latterday City by the patriarch to the Berlin and Hamburg stakes. His wife Beatrice back. Paper coming second of Jesus Christ.

$1.25 Romney Berg and two of their four children will accompany him to

this present mission assignment. Elder LeRoi B. Gardner of BerkeOLYMPUS PUBLISHING ley, California, had originally been called by the First Presidency

COMPANY as president of the Great Lakes Mission succeeding President

Box 6137, Sugar House Station Mickelsen. Elder Gardner suffered a heart attack while attending

Salt Lake City, Utah 84106 a mission presidents'seminar in Salt Lake City in June. The First

Presidency honorably excused him from his assignment.

It was announced that Elder W. Howard Allen, recently released

as president of the Northern California Mission, had been appointed

IN USE for SEVENTYFIVE YEARS to the general board of the Young Men's Mutual Improvement

Association.

Aids in treatment of Canker, simple sore throat and other minor mouth CJV Mrs. Helen Spencer Williams, 68, who for seven years hadand throat irritations. M served as first counselor to General President Lucy G. Cannon

of the Young Women's Mutual Improvement Association, died in

HALLS REMEDY Salt Lake City. Funeral sei vices were conducted August 12.

Salt Lake City, Utah The appointment of Elder Thomas S. Monson of the Council

of the Twelve to the executive committee of the church missionary committee was announced by the First Presidency. He succeeds Elder Boyd K. Packer, an Assistant to the Council of the

VIDA FOX CLAWSON TRAVEL SERVICE Twelve, who is currently serving as president of the New England 216 S. 13th E., SLC, Utah. Phone 3280303 Mission. Elder Spencer W. Kimball is chairman of the missionary

will you place The where receive committee and is assisted by Elder (Continued on page 884) advice. travel expert the most

Tours everywhere.

Tours to HAWAII every month '

882 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA What makes our Great so Swell?

(and vice versa) We have couplers.

Unique?

Not really. Pipe organs have had them for centuries. Great opportunity to hear Baldwin. Send for dramatic new LP

Its Music,"with And famous composers used them. Suggested them in their demonstrationGerre Hancock. record,Only $1."The Church Organ and

manuscripts.

Baldwin Piano

Organ That's why Baldwin bridges the divisions of the organ in r & Company

Dept. IE 1065the standard tradition—with couplers! Gilbert 1801

They enable the organist to play the most formidable Cincinnati, OhioAve.45202

composition just the way it was written. Swell,Gentlemen:I want your new recording,

Couple Swell to Great, Great to Pedal, and Swell to Pedal. available in Stereo D Monaural (check one)

Couple that with Baldwin's brilliant ensemble and Name distinctive solo voices, then you have a tonal palette that is Address truly complete. City State Some church organs lack couplers entirely, which, as far My Official Capacity I enclose $1. Jas we're concerned, is just great—just swell. "RoT/-|\x7ir \.

October tees 883 The Church Moves On (Continued from page 882)

Gordon B. Hinckley and Elder

Monson. These three members of

the. Council of the Twelve give

overall direction to all phases of the missionary program. However,

Elder Hinckley is assigned to work with the fulltime missions and

Elder Monson the stake missions.

Elder Hinckley is assisted by Elder

A. Theodore Tuttle of the First

Council of the Seventy and D.

Arthur Haycock, secretary. Elder

Monson is assisted by Elder Bruce

R. McConkie of the First Council

of the Seventy and James Paramore, secretary.

The First Presidency announced that Elder A. Theodore Tuttle of

the First the of Council SeventyIf you don't smoke cigarettes, you has assigned to the been church pay less for life insurance with BoydIndian K.committeePacker. succeedingElder LeGrandElder

secreLarson, Twelve and DeanFarmers new NonSmoker Policy* Richards of the Council of the tary, are of the committee members

Studies show you're a better insurance risk than cigarette smokers. chairmanned by Elder Spencer W.

Doesn't it make sense that you should pay less for life insurance? Kimball.

Farmers says "yes". If you haven't smoked a cigarette for two years,

we'll save you real money. Or if you only plan to kick the habit, we I Stake conferences resumed

have a plan that will switch you over to the lower rates in short order. 'this weekend after a brief

If you've needed additional protection, now's the time to get it and summer recess.

save. It's almost like buying insurance at a younger man's rate!

Get the full story on the NonSmoker Policy from your Farmers agent.

He's in the Yellow Pages under "Farmers Insurance Group". dThe Church in continental Europe was moving into a

new administrative building, a preDitmarstrasse, 9 Frankfurt am FARMERS INSURANCE GROUP war, gray, fourstory building at Main, was preGermany, which viously occupied by the Belgian consulate general.

Boyd Ottinger Hatch, 48, the farfamed "Scoutmaster on For High Quality Reproductions of Wheels,"died in Salt Lake City of complications of the ailment that

GENEALOGICAL RECORDS WILLS kept him confined to a wheelchair

MANUSCRIPTS. PRICE SHEETS for the past eighteen years. At the

other and PROPOSALS his of time death he was scoutPero and CAMERAREADY COPY "all five of master boy"Scout cereal of troops, of handicapped. some them beverage Printing

FAMILY HISTORIES THESES He was managing editor of The

Delicious roasted flavor. BULLETINS BOOKLETS and Instructor, the Sunday School

other COMMERCIAL of the Funeral Church. PRINTING magazine from barley Nourishing—made Prices Reasonable At held August 21. services were rye. Instant breakfast and

drink without caffein. TROFESllONAr

International ExSecond The 1 pkg. makes 30 cups 39c PRINTING

at plorer Conference opened case of 10 pkgs. 3.50 SERVICE Brigham Young University. It atPHONE 3591732 Area 801 tracted church leaders and young

COTTONWOOD DOWNTOWN CECIL A. CARR men for six days. 15 South Main

Salt Lake City, Utah 84110 163 East 2nd South phone 3631575 SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH 84111

8 84 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA There hasn't been a tire sale like this our last one. one—since

Again I've put special sale prices on every tire in my station. down with your American Oil credit card. Or ask me to arrange

Whitewalls, blackwalls, tubetype, tubeless. Every Atlas tire to easy terms. Look for my tire sale ad soon to appear in your

say nothing of the incomparable Amoco 120 Super Premium newspaper. Then hurry over. You'll know the place when you

Tire. All the popular sizes, too. And you can buy with nothing see my big, bright tire sale sign. And the piles of tires.

Your American Oil Dealer

American and you get it! 4 You expect more from

AMERICAN OIL COMPANY

OCTOBER 1965 885 lifetime in a once Only SO RICH ENTERTAINMENT AN AN EXPERIENCE SO REWARDING "This picture dwells on the Man and "I think it is the most important. Diligence and Love

His eternal the watched message in wonderment and we believe photo- (Continued from page 857) its graphicI beauty, persons of preachthe absence will contemplate many soulstirring scenes many times after ing, the neverending lesson of love.

they have seen the picture."'The Greatest Story'is great."of the last item advanced, that it

JIM BISHOP PEARSON HOWARD is necessary for men to receive an

Tribune Lake Deseret News Salt understanding concerning the laws of the heavenly kingdom, before

The they are permitted to enter it: we

GEORGEProductionSTEVENS meansimilar thearecelestialthe governmentsglory. So disof

men, and so diverse are their laws, from the government and laws of THE heaven, that a man, for instance, GREATEST hearing that there was a country

STORY on this globe called the United

States of North America, could EVER take his journey to this place withTOLD out first learning the laws of governments; but the conditions of

God's kingdom are such, that all who are made partakers of that glory, are under the necessity of learning something respecting it previous to their entering into it."

( Teachings of the Prophet Joseph

Smith, p. 51.)

So it is with the kingdom of God as now established in the earth.

One must first learn something concerning the nature of its laws, how far reaching they are in relation to the temporal as well as the spiritual salvation of the individual.

We have been taught that a soul cannot be saved in ignorance of the saving principles of the gospel of

Jesus Christ. Moreover, he is under

the necessity of being loyal and obedient to them. The Lord is always merciful and kind. If we

draw near to him, he will draw ".. us. to diligently near. seek me

Jr. INA VICTOR BALIN BAKER BOONE CARROLL ANDERSON, MICHAEL VON SYDOW MAX shall ask, find and ye ye me; PAT and CHARLTON HESTON HEFLIN JOSE FERRER VAN RICHARD CONTE DUNHAM BUONO

DAVID McDOWALL MARGOLIN JANET McCALLUM LANDAU ANGELA LANSBURYJOANNA MARTIN it shall receive; shall knock, and RODDY POITIF.R PERSOFF PLEASENCE SAL DONALD McGUIRE MINEO DOROTHY

SIDNEY NEHEMIAH STEWART PAUL SCHILDKRAUT SAVALAS JOSEPH GARY RAINS TELLY CLAUDE RAYMOND 88: you."be unto opened (D&C THEATRE OF INBAL DANCE with THE OF WINTERS SHELLEY ED JOHN MEMBERS WYNN WAYNE

by directed ) and by Screenplay and LEE STEVENS ISRAEL GEORGE JAMES BARRETT is chief trouble 63. do Our we Produced In ALFRED Music with association creative SANDBURG NEWMAN CARL STEVENS GEORGE

is in diligently. not Filmed seek TECHNICOLOR PANAVISION ULTRA seeking Our

superficial. We seem to think that

the Lord is bound to hear us without our putting forth much effort.

u rt Letguides,diligenceand we andshall lovefind thebe pathour to eternal life; and let us one and BURNED OUT all remember the theme of the

REALLY MEANS BURNED OUT TODAY Mutual Improvement organization:

"He that hath my commandments,

A fire may mean you are out of a place to live, and keepeth them, he it is that with tremendous added expense before you find loveth me: and he that loveth me

another. shall be loved of my Father, and

Let us explain your need for ample insurance I will love him, and will manifest to him."myself 14:21.) (John to cover today's higher values. you, Lord bless one and May the

all, I humbly pray in the name of

UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY Jesus Christ. Amen.

HEBER J. GRANT & CO.. General Agents, Salt Lake City

886 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Enjoy Carefree Convenience

"**fe*<U55!W*<!*= jtmmi

iMBBHBBBhI itakfcMMwmiLAM

when you travel Union Pacific Domeliner

A vacation or business trip on any one of Union Pacific's fleet of Domeliners is as restful and relaxing as a leisurely ocean cruise. And now, while it's not crowded,

is the ideal time to travel. Through picture windows you'll see—at eye level—the

beauty of the Union Pacific West.

Money saving Family Fares apply to both Pullman and Coach travel. Food—both

snacks and delicious Domediner dinners—is freshly prepared... just for you. Baggage allowances are generous. And most of all, you'll travel carefree and carfree

without weather worries.

Your U.P. representative or travel agent can answer all your

questions about exact fares, routings and reservations.

DOMELINERS: "City of Los Angeles""The Chal lenger""City of San Francisco""City of Portland""City of Denver""City of St. Louis'

UNION PACIFIC RAILROAD See your nearest Union Pacific Railroad ticket office

OCTOBER 196S 887 isHow To Succeed in MIA wards and stakes, conduct a careful Is dealing with one who (Continued from page 859) appraisal of each teaching situahuman seed, tion and, where needed, bring Who may be the man the first day to the last and staked our about a greater abundance of love world will need."

existence on the result, there was described by President McKay as a sublime meaning behind it all. the noblest attribute of the human The unprepared leader, however,

Weary and worn, impoverished soul. will find himself drifting aimlessly

but undaunted and now triumFifth, the successful MIA leader on a sea of chance with waves of phant, we had a moment that was is prepared. In his mind he has failure threatening to engulf him.

sublime. We gave thanks to God carefully stored full information Sixth, the successful MIA leader

for the noblest of all his blessings, with respect to his MIA assignachieves results. To begin with, he

the sense that we had done our ment. He knows the program. He recognizes that no aim leads to no

duty."knows what is expected of him. He end. In short, he develops goals of

Fourth, the successful MIA does not approach his assignment accomplishment. If he be a scoutleader leads with love. You never just hoping or wishing for success. master, he determines that each

find the successful leader scolding In his heart he has made spiritual boy will achieve. His boys will not

nor giving vent to verbal tongue preparation, too. He has earned, find themselves in that dreaded

lashing. He rather follows the through his faithfulness, the com- "never, never land"—never the obcounsel of President George Albert panionship of the Holy Spirit. He ject of concern, never the recipient

Smith, who said, "It does not pay has knowledge to give. He has a of genuine aid. You see such a

to scold. I believe you can get testimony to share. He does not leader at every Court of Honor in

people to do anything (if you can fear, for he knows the promise of full uniform, his boys receiving get them to do it at all) by loving the Lord, "... if ye are prepared award upon award. Their leader

them into doing it."Think back to ye shall not fear."(D&C 38:30.) has taught them that we were not

that teacher who influenced you Preparation is not a chore but a placed on earth to fail, but rather most, and honestly ask yourself, joy, when the leader appreciates: to succeed—that we cannot rest

"Did that teacher love me and my content with mediocrity when exclassmates, or did she scold us?""Who touches a boy by the cellence is within our reach.

You know the answer. Where love Master's plan Such a leader recognizes that

prevails in a class, discipline probIs shaping the course of a his attitude determines his altitude.

lems vanish. As you return to your future man, He knows full well that nothing is

INSPIRATIONAL RECORDINGS FR

888 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA as contagious as enthusiasm unless would be her choice. The plan was her precious girls and then said,

it is a lack of enthusiasm. He cardesigned. She would attend open- "Betty, will you begin?"Betty

ries others to accomplishment ing exercises of MIA, even the first looked at the clock—just two

through the sheer strength of his part of the class that she might minutes before the scheduled renoverwhelming desire to bring sucappear on the roll as being present, dezvous. She began to read. Her

cess to his assignment. The MIA and then there would be the sound heart was touched, her conscience

executive who gets the job done is of an automobile horn to announce awakened, her determination reone who inspires confidence, who to her that her girl friend and their newed. She scarcely heard the

motivates action, and who generdates, who were older and far repeated sound of the automobile ates enthusiasm. You will ever more experienced than Betty, were horn. She remained throughout the

recognize his work, for it will be at hand, and the night of the careclass and drove home with her well done. fully arranged escapade of sin teacher, her guide, her friend. The

This then is the description, yes, would begin. Then she would be temptation to detour from God's

the definition, of the successful one of the inner circle. But before approved way had been averted.

MIA leader. Neither wealth, nor calling the roll that night, this Satan had been frustrated: a soul

fame, nor any other instrument of humble, loving teacher announced saved! A successful MIA leader

power can ever be more reliable in to the class that a shipment from revealed.

assuring him security and peace of church headquarters had arrived It is significant that when Betty mind than the knowledge of havat her home that very day. She and Sister Hansen knelt in prayer

ing inspired gratitude in another. had opened the packages and in their respective homes that

Such was Sister Hansen, the faithfound copies of a pamphlet written night, each thanked Heavenly ful teacher of a Laurel class of by Elder Mark E. Petersen. Its Father for MIA. And today I exlovely young girls in a branch subject—chastity. Sister Hansen press my gratitude for MIA and

several thousand miles from here. then said: "I feel impressed to particularly for you, its successful

In her class was lovely Betty, one leave for another week our lesson leaders. With all my heart I pray

who had been subjected to great scheduled for tonight and want, that our Heavenly Father will ever stress and temptation to leave the rather, to review with you the inguide us as we incorporate into our pathway of truth and follow the spiration of this pamphlet. We will lives and into our teachings these

detour of sin. Through the constant each read a paragraph or two identifying traits of a successful

persuasions of her classmates at aloud that all might participate."MIA leader. I pray in the name

school, she had agreed that this Sister Hansen looked at each of of Jesus Christ. Amen.

EVERY MAN DIVISION OF COMMUNICATION SERVICES, 291 HRCB

WHI3H4C BRIGHAMGentlemen: YOUNG UNIVERSITY, PROVO, UTAH 84601

Enclosed is my check for Please send me the following 12"LP, 33V3 rpm records at $3.98 each (specify by

number):

1965 Relief Society Literature Record $3.50

Name

Address Ml 1040 City State Zip

OCTOBER 1965 889.

NEW AMERICAN

.PAYS n00 WEEKLY.

TO YOU THOUSANDS OF READERS WHO KNOW THAT DRINKING AND SMOKING ARE HARMFUL!

You do not drink or smoke... so why pay premiums for those who do?

Why pay the penalty for those hospital in the world. Choose your Here's all you do.

other to any we who drink or smoke? insuranceown! We payyouin carry.additionAnd pay FillNoticeoutthetheamazinglyapplicationlow rates!at theEncloseright.

Every day you pick up the paper you direct to you in cash... tax free! it in an envelope and mail to American

read more evidence that drinking and We send out our payments to you Air Temperance Associates, Box 131, LibertySpecial so Mail in have cash you shorten they hand life. Because can smoking ville, Illinois. will get Upon approval, you

is fast. there limit no leading on the And health probAmerica's are numamong policy your coverpromptly by mail, andlems—leading to cancer, heart trouble, ber of times you can collect. age begins at noon on the effective date

sinus trouble, liver trouble and many of your policy. No salesman will call.

cause they're other a prime delay! Don't diseases—almost Every 50,000 day all sicknesses of 2) We cover hospitalizarates high the most premium hospitals. people enter of day, one Any and accidents. shouldtion charge. plans But you pay why yourself beyou. Protect them could be

the price for those who drink or smoke? Your policy covers you for every confore it's too late!

You no longer have to! Here's why. ceivable kind of accident and sickness

except pregnancy; any act of war or

Our rates are based militarytions; or hospitalizationservice; preexistingcaused condiby use

on your superior health of liquor or narcotics. Everything else

could possibly happen to you Hospithat Temperance new AmericanThe

You'll covered. be protected as never is MONEYBACKtalization offered to drinkers Plan is notand smokers, because of the high rates before—at amazingly low rates!they cause. We can bring you a whole GUARANTEE

new set of rates that are unbelievably 3) Other benefits for loss within Read over your policy carefully.

because they're basedlow on your good 90 days of accident Ask your minister, lawyer and nonsmoker.health as a nondrinker and

Also, premiTemperance your American be raised never because youums can grow (as described in policy) providesdoctor to exactlyexaminewhatit. Bewe suresay ititolder or have too many claims. Only a We pay $2,000 cash for accidental

general rate adjustment up or down could death. We pay $2,000 cash for loss of does. Then, if for any reason at

affect your low rates! And only you can one hand, one foot, or sight of one eye. all you are not 100% satisfied,

for loss cash pay $6,000cancel your policy. We cannot. We of both just mail your policy back to us eyes, feet. both hands, or both

will within im30 we days andHERE ARE YOUR AMERICAN entire mediately prerefund your We invite close comparisonTEMPERANCE PLAN BENEFITS with any other plan. mium. No questions asked. You'

1) You receive $100 weeklyThere really is no other plan like ours. can gain thousands of dollars...

even for life But compare our rates with others for you risk nothing.

similar coverage. Discover for yourself

The very day you enter a hospital you what you save. And remember, there is

begin to get $100 a week cash... as no limit on how long you stay in the hoslong as you are hospitalized, even for pital, no limit on age, no limit on the numlife! Good in any lawfully operated ber of times you can collect!

890 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

TEMPERANCE PLAN

LIFE!EVEN FOR

Here at last is a new kind of hospitalization plan for nondrinkers and nonsmokers only! The rates are fantastically low because

"poor risk"drinkers and smokers are excluded. And because your

health is superior... there is absolutely no age limit, no physical

examination, no waiting period. Only you can cancel your policy..

and no salesman will ever call! Starting from the very first

day you enter any hospital...

SEND FOR YOUR POLICY NOW BEFORE IT'S TOO LATE!

Application to Buckingham Life Insurance

Illinois Offices, Libertyville, Company, Executive IMPftRTAMT.CHECKllflrVIY IHH I. firstFIRSTTABLEpRCMIIIIIPREMIUMBEL0WUflTUWITHAND APPLICATIONsppiINCLUDEirMTinuYOUR

FOR AT100 \ AMERICAN TEMPERANCE HOSPITALIZATION POLICY LOOK AT THESE

Name (PLEASE PRINT) AMERICAN TEMPERANCE LOW RATES

Street or RD 'City Pay Monthly Pay Yearly

County.State..Zip.

Age.Date of Birth. Each child 18 80 Month Day Year Occupation.Height. -Weight. and under pays $2

Beneficiary. Relationship. m adult Each

I also apply for coverage family listed for the members below: of my

1959 *38 pays $ 3 80 HEIGHT BENEFICIARY AGE NAME WEIGHT BIRTH DATE 1. Each adult 90 3. 6069 pays $5 $59

adult Each of best the belief, your To knowledge and are and you all members 70100 pays *7 90 $79 free physical from any and or impairment, disease? Yes No

of the best your knowledge, To have you or listed any above member listedQ hadabovemedicalin goodadvicehealthor treatment, or you they been to a advised surgical have operation last five in the years? SAVE TWO MONTHS PREMIUM BY PAYING YEARLY!

If: so, please details give stating affected, person date, cause, and name Yes Q ofNoorattendinghave physician, address fully and whether recovered.

Mail this application with your first premium to

AMERICAN Neither I nor any person listed above uses tobacco or alcoholic beverages, and I hereby apply for a policy based on the understanding that the policy does not cover conditions originating prior to its effective date, and that the policy is issued solely and entirely in reliance upon the written answers to the above questions. TEMPERANCE ASSOCIATES

Date: Signed: X Box 131, Libertyville, Illinois

ATIAT 3587

OCTOBER I96S 891 A HOUSE Of MAAiT Science and Religion

ROOMS by Rodello Hunter $4.95—The Physician

Reading this book is like turning back the (Continued from page 860) mantel clock to another time. It is a story

of country America, chronicle a family of Lord he is wrong if our socalled the family Woodrows, who lived a Mormon a semirural, village life around the turn of scientific laws differ from what he the century. The Woodrows were a lusty

family, of children, a host had some has revealed.

nephsome "owned""borrowed"when and nieces, grandchildren were taken One other concept needs conews, and lovingly into the brood. And in some ways sideration. This is the concept of

as parlor the the familiar are as Woodrows full sofa, surthe scale of observation. This of are as they but in others

prises as book with means that you have to know from event sad, humorous, mostis packed and what position an observation all understanding treated and a anecdote—somefoldingwithbed.affectionThe and

in something is happenfamily such a large—foring all is rules the time. the roost with a firm made before correct interpretation Papa

great if simply woman. HOUSE hand, a and for can example, be made; you Kate-—Mama—is

fire, are character, have The people Woodrows who parts equal mix black of white and rebelliousfor both duty and and charm, whom ness are virtues. They are a family full of grace. sand, you will have a gray mixture.

Sam Weller's This we will all agree on. HowROOMS

ZION BOOK STORE ever, the microbe would see only 254 South Main huge white and black boulders. It

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH would be foolish for us to argue

Utah residents please add 18c sales tax about what we see with the microbe, for we are both right. The

difference lies in the scale of observation. Don't forget this. We

interpret the world from our scale of observation, while God sees it

TOP QUALITY PECAN MEATS from his.

Now, some have criticized reBISHOPS! A MONEY MAKER FOR ligion because it is something that Stake Presidents, Home Owners CHURCH GROUPS can't be seen, but neither can the and Commercial Firms Too!

We grow, pack and ship our own shelled electron or the atom. This reminds

groups. Whole halves or broken pieces the existence of some things is FUTURUS pecan meats for resale through church us of an important truth—that

A NEW Flooring that outwears amy available. proved not by its measurability,

carpet or tile indoors or outdoors For complete details write: butthings.by theCertainlyeffects weit hasall knowon otherof MASCOT PECAN COMPANY the effects God and the gospel

Dept. 4 Glennville, Georgia have had on each of us. We cannot deny the existence of God just

because we cannot see him. Most

of us have been touched by the

Holy Ghost, and thus we know of luxwiMiMn physicisthis, existenceknowsjustof asthesurelyatom, asa parthe

AND MORE! ITS EASY, FAST! ticle he has never seen.

all this does what mean? Now For or Your Church Group 3 Year Guarantee

rais'e all the can Your money group this that science means To when me easily, quickly, withneeds,.>-7\it

I'll! for Safety to lc Bend out Unique you er*;'i'- religion conflict, of several and one a of supply your groupcoat my

Halls, Stairways, Nurseries, Fonts, Chapels, assorted luxurious Christmas First, things occurred. has men may in advance. Carol Napkins Asand Offices. Classrooms designs, with cheery words talking unrelated about be two best -loved ChristmasCarolsen- 'sortedthe

Protection from FREE eachhancesellHoliday20 packages:meals. keepHavelOmembers$50 for your topics. Second, two different scales

Water, Snow, Heat, Cold, Gravel, and SAMPLES treasury, send me balance of proceeds of observation may account for the of lc Traffic Your Spend Money Never Cannot Foot Harm Own Heavy difference. Third, science have may credit give napkins. days; to on 60 You up It Take

plan, tested risk used over to nothing try by mywe Available Distributorships incorrect gathered or incomplete and name 100,000 Rush for napkins, address sample nowgroups. RUSH NAME scifacts observations. Fourth, to and Write Samples For Free brings of details which Plan you AND ADDRESS myfor sent group, fast cash your correct TODAY! ence gathered have may obligation. Write today. no FREE,

Dept. 364BW, Lynchburg, Va. facts but be interpreting them may

Fifth, wrong.FUTURUS, INC. ANNA WADE, men may be teaching

1076 W. Ninth

Calif. - (714)Street9825563 false revelation. It is the corrupt Upland,

religious teaching from the dark

The Story of Jesus in Verse most.ages Ithatknowconflictsof no revealedwith sciencetruths

B. by Frances Ashcraft of of of Christ The Church Jesus LANILOA HAWAII LODGE

per $3.00 copy Saints conflict Latterday that with the stay at attending Temple, HawaiianWhen All but of the included one poems Laie. inthe Laniloa Lodge Close and convenient in this the of science, teachings unless are in Christ's based upon episodes volume to Polynesian adjacent worldfamous—also

Cultural Center and restaurant. Special rates life as narrated in the four gospels. (Continued on page 894)

for excursions.

Phone or write for reservations EXPOSITION PRESS Inc.

Phone Laie 295120 386 Park Ave. So., New York City, N. Y.

892 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Forging

Fertility

In the blazing hot converters at Kennecott's mined in the Vernal area, and ammonia, a bysmelter, molten copper at a temperature of product of steel making. From these materials,

2100 degrees Fahrenheit is processed to reborn in the earth, comes a fertilizer that goes move impurities. One of these impurities is back into the earth to help Utah farm land

sulfur dioxide, a gas that's captured in flues produce a more bounteous harvest.

and transferred to Kennecott's acid plant Made in Utah by Utahns for Utahns, this where it's used to produce sulfuric acid. product typifies the industrial enterprise and

A local chemical company combines this acid teamwork that is a bulwark of strength for with two other Utah products—phosphate rock the economy of the entire state.

Kennecott Copper Corporation >K Utah Copper "An Equal Opportunity Employer'

OCTOBER 1965 893 Science and Religion Last, but not least, remember this revelation requires the exercise of faith: spiritual senses. science the shakes your man When—The Physician when

his the that that the using declared he is uses Lord has this method, (Continued from page 892) wisdom of the wise shall perish greatest assets as a human being, when he comes. I pray we may all for with this method he can have

the conflict is in men's minds, for be faithful to The Church of Jesus access to a type of knowledge that truth is truth, "eternal, unchanged, Christ of Latterday Saints all our can fulfill his deepest and most evermore."(John Jaques, "Oh Say, lives. fundamental needs. He can get the

What Is Truth?"Hymns, 143.) answers to questions that cannot

The Prophet Alma taught an imbe answered in any other way, portant lesson when he was teachsuch as the purpose of life, the ing his son Corianton about the Science and Religion meaning of death, the nature of resurrection. He stated what he—The Sociologist man's relationship to other men,

knew, and then of what he did not (Continued from page 861) and, most important, the nature of know he said, "... it mattereth his relationship to the Creator of

not;..."(Alma 40:5.) We do not common man of all societies and this marvelous universe.

have all the answers. There are cultures of every era, have given Both the scientific method and

many mysteries. But we do have all testimony that man is more than the religious method impose defithe knowledge necessary to exaltaflesh and bones. Even more imnite limitations for their use. And

tion. Whenever I am confronted portantly, the greatest books and their mutual exclusiveness is more

with an apparent conflict between the most inspiring records of a matter of order and practicality science and religion that I cannot human history testify most elothan an inherent differentiation.

solve with my knowledge of science quently that the nonphysical naFor both methods are entirely and the Church, I say to myself, "It ture of man is his finest. Actually, functional within their own remattereth not."I keep ine conman is a spirit who has been spective realm. The method of

flict out where it cannot disturb given a tabernacle of flesh in order revelation demands that man acme. Mormon tells us this in the preto enjoy special experiences on knowledge the limitations of his

face to the Book of Mormon. this earth. physical nature. It demands the

"—And now, if there are faults they Then, if man is also spirit, is recognition by man that his deare the mistakes of men; wherethere a method which is available pendence on empirical knowledge

fore, condemn not the things of to him so that he may acquire alone cannot possibly satisfy his

God,..."I would like to paraspiritual knowledge? Since the constant yearning for the explanaphrase this and say, "If there is a scientific method is limited to the tion of all his physical, emotional,

conflict between religion and scimeasurement of phenomena that and intellectual experiences. The

ence, it is due to the mistakes of exist or occur only within the realm sooner man accepts the limitations men; therefore, condemn not the of the empirical, can man use some of his physical nature, the sooner

things of God, that ye may be other method to understand the he develops his ability to exercise found spotless at the judgment seat nonempirical realm? his spiritual nature. On the other

of Christ."The answer is simple and logihand, the more he disregards his

Science has taught me the woncal: Man can use a method based spiritual nature in the quest for

ders of the universe. It has shown on nonphysical criteria, a method truth, the more he produces science

me the intelligence and handiwork that demands the use of the spiriwithout humanism.

of God. I see his hand in all of tual "senses"of man. To use his The wise man who is able to

nature. As I study the intricate spiritual senses means that man understand and accept these two

human body, I learn over and over can use belief, trust, hope, faith, methods soon realizes that the and over that only God could have and all other sentiments, as well as scientific method is really the created us. I think most scientists all his intellectual powers, in order human approach to the acquisition

agree that life was created by a to recognize, acquire, and accept of truth and that revelation is the

Supreme Being. Even their own spiritual knowledge. True religious Creator's approach to the dispenlaws of chance prove this. knowledge is of this type. It is sation of truth and that in both

I know there is a God. I know knowledge that comes to man cases man is the beneficiary. Furthat he rules the universe. I know when he applies the method that thermore, it soon becomes very

that he answers prayers. I do not uses the unquestionably real evident that both methods are corhave a perfect knowledge of him powers of his spiritual nature. rect, legitimate, and designed to

and his gospel yet, because I do So, while the testimony of man's enrich man with a knowledge of not have an eye single to his glory. physical senses has been desigthings as they have been, things

But I am growing in the gospel. nated by the world as the only as they are, and things as they are

My testimony is growing. I know criterion for scientific truth, the to become.

the Holy Ghost exists because I testimony of the complete human Unfortunately it is when man have felt his influence. I believe being, particularly his spiritual confuses the two methods that

with all my heart, might, mind, and senses, can provide him with relisome of the conflicts between soul that all the presidents of this gious truth. science and religion seem to arise.

Church have been prophets of God, The method of acquiring reliFor if man attempts to acquire that this Church is true, that the gious truth is called revelation. religious truth by using the scienBook of Mormon is true, and that Religious truth is essentially retific method only, that is by using

Christ lives and will come again. vealed truth. The method of (Continued on page 896)

894 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA FIRSTCLASS SERVICE!

Example: Want your car vacuumcleaned free?

Stop in at your Phillips 66 station!

Dirt and litter have ways of collecting fast cuts or bruises. Or providing road inforin most cars. And that's one good reason mation for the next leg of your trip.

for going Phillips 66. Your Phillips dealer So be sure to stop in at your nearest

—willincludingvacuumcleanthe carpets,your carthe seatsfront andand backeven Phillipsvacuumcleaned66 stationfree!andGethaveall yourthe firstcar

the ashtrays—free! class services that have made Phillips 66

Vacuuming is Just one of the free extras famous in 47 states! You'll find you get

available at Phillips 66 stations. There are firstclass products, too! Go first -c/ass

many others. Like checking your tires for...go Phillips 66! (It costs no more)

OCTOBER 1868 898 Science and Religion Science and Religion to see any place in which the—The Sociologist—The Physicist teachings of The Church of Jesus

Christ of Latterday Saints conflict (Continued from page 894) (Continued from page 862) with wellestablished scientific principles. I would also say that

his physical senses alone, he fails. of his children. Our religious our Church meets these requireHe fails for two main reasons. First, knowledge stems mainly from this ments far better than any other

he fails because, in using the sciensource. In fact, the very basis of that I have encountered.

tific method to investigate spiritual our Church is revelation. We have I further advise anyone that if

phenomena, he violates the basic this process by which we can gain he wishes to know the truth of any requirement of that method, which knowledge directly from the source principle, the only way he can be is to restrict its use to physical of all knowledge. sure is to ask of God. That he will

phenomena that can be brought Of course, in both fields we can answer man's humble prayers and within the perception of the physigain much by study of other that this gospel is true is my testical senses and which can be people's writings, scientific papers, mony to you, in the name of Jesus measured repeatedly and at will. textbooks, and the scriptures, and Christ. Amen.

Second, he fails because he is not by independent reasoning.

using all his powers and assets as Many times in physics we can a human being. That is to say, he correlate a fairly large number of Science and Religion

is not using his spiritual nature. facts by the use of some theory—The Chemist

But can a man be a scientist and which someone may advance. (Continued from page 863)also a religious man? Yes, if that These theories are often able to

man is willing to fulfil the requirepredict new physical phenomena. in different ways at different times

ments of the two methods of disBut, alas, the history of physics has according to the will of God. Frecovering truth, he can. For ultimatebeen one of disproving old theories quently, the result of a religious

ly the two methods of discovering and forming new ones. As our exexperiment cannot be examined in

truth are not mutually exclusive. perimental knowledge becomes the light of human reason, nor

That is, they do not contradict one more exact, we eventually find a should it be; for example, an exanother. As stated before, they are mistake in the old theory and have periment in righteous living acdifferent only in that they investito replace it by a new one. In my companied by prayer can lead to

gate different levels or different youth I had the opinion that scienthe conclusion that Jesus Christ is dimensions of reality and for tists knew everything. Since then the Son of God and the Redeemer

practical reasons each must impose I have found out that science has of the world. Human reason alone

certain limitations for its use. only solved the easy problems, will not lead to this conclusion.

If man is interested in all truth, leaving many of the more difficult A perfect knowledge of either a whatever its level, he must learn ones as yet unsolved. I have also scientific or a religious truth is

to use the two methods. The one learned that many of the things seldom achieved. Almost always

method he can learn to use by that scientists assume to know are there is an element of uncertainty.

personal dedication and untiring wrong. Contrary to popular opinion, notheffort. The other he can leam to In our religion we get our preing in science can be proved

use mostly, though not solely, by dictions not from some man's absolutely. The experimental probeing receptive of the truth which mathematical theory but from cedure may alter the system being

is revealed through the appointed prophets who receive revelation studied. As an illustration, to study

order. directly from God. Which would the arrangement of particles in a

I personally testify that this can you say is more reliable? Somesoil, a sample of soil may be rebe done. I testify that I have used times men fail to recognize when moved from the ground. But the

these two methods and have found one of these prophecies is fulfilled, act of removing the soil may disno difficulty or contradiction in but we have the assurance that turb the particle arrangement or doing so. And I testify that I have they will come to pass. the instruments used in an experinever felt the need to compromise I see the laws of nature as God's ment may be insufficiently sensiwith the principles of discovering tools by which he governs the unitive. The analytical balance cannot

truth at any level. The more I verse. Men have an imperfect weigh the loss of mass in a chemistudy and learn about science and knowledge of these tools, but it is cal reaction. But this does not

religion, the more I realize that desirable that they should study mean that a loss of mass does not the two fields are really one just and learn more of God's natural occur. And, regardless of how

as I have come to realize that the laws as well as his spiritual laws. many experiments support a given

physical and the spiritual nature of I think that we will never be idea, there is always the possibility man are really one eternal entity, able to prove religion through that the next experiment will disand both form the human soul. science. This would, in my opinion, prove it. In religion, a perfect

take away too much of man's free knowledge can come only by

GROWING PAINS agency. It would force the scienrevelation. There are few, however,

BY SHIRLEY BENTON KERR tifically educated man to believe who qualify to receive it. We may

Netvly clad children in the principles of the gospel. have little desire to learn the truth.

(As all mothers know) Such is not a part of God's plan. Perhaps we don't study enough.

Are all dressed up... In all my training in the Church Our experiments may be inadeAnd ready to grow. and in the fields of science, I fail (Continued on page 898)

896 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA MODEL FURNISHED APARTMENTS NOW READY FOR YOUR INSPECTION AT

. % Canyon Caest

II CONDOMINIUM APARTMENTS III Hills) 1. 875 Donner Way (In Beautiful Oak

l limn Near "This Is The Place"Monument

Internationally recognized for advanced engineering, design and beauty, the Canyon Crest is the ultimate in glamor, security, privacy and perfection—without extravagance.

Milehigh picture windows.

Clean, fresh air inside (with yearround natural gas heating and cooling) in.

and smogfree natural air outside.

...H i. Spacious heated garage.

Mutschler kitchens.

Surprisingly low monthly operating cost—thanks to natural gas total n# energy installation. (Gas turbines generate all electrical needs and provide

heating, air conditioning and water heating.)

IT COSTS NO MORE TO ENJOY THE VERY BEST!

WRITE FOR Canyon Crest FREE BROCHURE! P.O. Box 8174 Foothill Station, Salt Lake City, Utah

Please mail me without Cost or obligation a brochure on Canyon Crest condominium apartments.

Name Address

City. State.

SAWYER INVESTMENT COMPANY, Robert D. Sawyer, President Phone 4860074 875 Donner WayCanyon CRest

OCTOBER I96S 897 Science and Religion—The Chemist

(Continued from page 896)

quate. Or, possibly, our "spiritual

senses"may not be sufficiently developed by practice to receive clearly the communications from our Father in heaven. In the absence of a perfect knowledge, faith

is essential in both science and religion and, in my opinion, no more in one than in the other.

No one in a lifetime can perform all the experiments, scientific or religious, that are necessary to

Inviting arched entrance for church that provides 7,250 square feet. establish the truthfulness of an

Warm, worshipful sanctuary for a congregation of 150. idea or belief. Therefore, we must

rely on the experiences of others to some extent. We should consider

carefully the experiences and resulting ideas of such men as.

Pasteur, Newton, and Einstein.

And just as carefully, or more so, we should consider the experiences and concepts of Abraham, Moses,

Paul, etc. These were men of great

scientific and religious stature.

They earnestly sought the truth and discovered a goodly amount of it. There is much of great consequence that we can learn from

them and others like them.

In conclusion, I would like to say that I respect science and the scientific method. I enjoy being a

scientist. I feel that my scientific

efforts are disclosing truth and aiding mankind. I would encourage

This church was built for scienceevery youngas a career.personHowever,to considerit is

$5 per square foot with volunteer labor my testimony that the gospel of and Weyerhaeuser laminated arches* Jesusour eternalChrist welfareis more thanimportantscience.to

It is more important to have answers to the questions "Where did

Like to save the same kind of money WhereI come amfrom?I going?WhyHowam doI here?I get

it is there?"than the chemto know on your new church? istry of particle, a clay the biology

Then mail this coupon right away. of a whale, or the physics of transistors. For this reason, on any

scale of values, religion should have top priority. "For what shall

Mail to Weyerhaeuser Company, it profit a man, if he shall gain the

Box B-106, Tacoma, Washington 98401. whole world, and lose his own

Please see that I get more information on costsaving church soul?"(Mark 8:36.)

construction with Weyerhaeuser Laminated arches.

FLY SOUTH Name... TitleBY ORMA WALLENGREN

Church Autumn, mountainborn Address.. Siveeping down,

City State. Red and broiun,

Come novo, gently team Weyerhaeuser WinterLarks andfollows.swallows:

Laminated Wood Products L A J

898 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Space Ships and Acorns A special message (Continued from page 865) to missionariessenseless oak? And what made

them, come out at just the very right day of the year instead of and their families!

waiting until autumn was closing in, when soon they would have been frozen black with the cold of winter?"And to all of these questions Alan could only shake his

head slowly.

"Even the wisest are puzzled and perplexed over these simple things,"his uncle added, and then, "Alan, how many men—engineers, men of

science, and general workers—do

you think it took to send up our

THE MEASURE BY CAROL LYNN WRIGHT Friend, Do you measure land With a barometer?

Can you understand The law of gravity By testing the freezing point Of mud at its greatest Density?

There is no God By knowledge's rules?

Friend.

Examine your tools.

To discover God You must form your plan To the nature Of God Himself, Not the nature of man.

The only key Security Bank, without charge, to

Is that forgotten provide you with a cashier's

Faculty That pulses through you check or bank draft, which is the

Now and then, best means of sending funds

Eluding the hand to him.

And startling the mind.

Spirit, it's called. Young men and women entering

Friend, It has always been the policy of the Mission Home are also of our will advantage to take invited not find You free provide to First Security tools. mistaken through God services. You banking funds complete to families sending service stone a weighs Who at checks to cash are welcome tape? field. in a measuring the With missionaries to

Fools. any First Security office. We

Whether your missionary is in the suggest that you also consider first space satellite? A thousand? U.S. or in a foreign country, we opening a checking or savings

Two thousand? Or most likely ten will be pleased at any First account.

thousand?""I don't know,"the boy answered. "More, I suppose, than I

could ever guess."Come in and let us serve you. With

are,"all his as they smart "And in Intermountain offices 71 banking 93 First all ten thou- "not on, uncle went Security is there a First communities, together, working them, of sand community your in or near Bank or.. Security little acorns these produce could

even know all of the magic and providing every financial service you'll ever need. Banks

Member Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation

OCTOBER 1965 899

wonder in them. And part of the our share of peering here and At the stream they found more

magic in them is shown when they searching there to discover what birch trees, for these thrive best by fall off the tree in the autumn, go we may."So, as if on a great adtumbling brooks and streams.

into the ground later, then much venture, they went swinging off Maples were there too, and shrubs later will come up, and in time will through the grove toward the and plants of many kinds. Alan

be as large as these oaks we see, stream which they could faintly sprang to a large rock that stood with the help of no one and in hear in the distance. partly in the stream and stood there

spite of so many things against "If we find something new for for some time, taking in the beauty them! ourselves that we've never disof the scene.

"It seems, Alan, that all around covered before, we might say we What a lovely place this is, us are wonders we see every day. were the very first ever to discover thought Alan; how sweet the sumBut we just take them for granted it."mer day, the soft, balmy air.

and never try to discover how great "What do you know about that!"His uncle seemed to read his

and marvelous are the Creator's Alan exclaimed, his eyes showing thoughts, for he said, "Yes, how laws and his marvels. So let us do his interest. pleasant the day is now, but let's

go back to last January when it was far below zero here, and everything around us was frozen solid, far colder than it is in your mother s

4 freeze at Trees and home.

are that the leaves you now 4THERE ARE TWO budsdeep see, roots and seeds and and earth FREEDOMS.

in of deep, a state deep were RICHARD L. EVANS freeze.again; whyHowdidn'tcouldtheytheyturneverbrowngrow

like die black a southern and and liberty are associated: to inseparably mind, These words two comeTwo tree surely done?"have palm would

is fathers for us Disrespect gave our incompatible withand law. what law

this question puzzling Alan To is a for us. incompatible Disrespect with given law what—with God has for his only head, could shake he

society. orderly prosperous andsafe and and sound We have mentioned of never thought once had how a or the that repealedbefore not the Lord the commandments God has tree recover or plant northern could

basic laws of life, nor can any man repeal them. The laws of cause and after being frozen solid. By what

operative. are of record one always readconsequence In an ancient we it That, master plan is this done? ". the people,.. chief over with an judge governor was and madewho is seems, have something we still the righteously, to peace sacred ordinanceoath to judge keep and and to leam.

their to of sacred people, the grant the unto freedomand and them if the Creator Alan, had "What,

. to theirprivileges the bring God, wicked to worship the Lord and for our provided prepared to not and 1 their to are crime."tojustice searching according.. deeply words: These if only this great use plan and

judge righteously, to keep the peace and freedom of the people, to the tropics trees and plants couldin justice. to worship,preserve the right the to bring wicked to And anyone robins ever could no grow? Then

or indifferent lawlessness, to lawlessness, must who iswho encourages in their nests apple trees have built have failed grossly to take cause and consequence into account. "The because there would have been no

"is liberty,"to obedisaid O'Shaughnessy, throughonly road Thomas nests, trees to build in apple which 2 false said "the are Kingsley,ence."freedoms,"Charles "There two in all forests our nor nor woods

is is to free the true one he likes, and he where do whatwhere lands. free northern

to do what he ought."3 As to the misconception that because it is a "And no sheep could ever have

divine right, freedom will perpetuate itself—nothing could be further fed in our green meadows because

fact. right, to the divine sense consider a In health a might befrom we there have meabeen would no

it. lose live health, surely in of unless a the Happiness lawsbut we we or nor buttercups dows, meadow

it is right. is also intent to a the Certainly divine of consideredsense be daisies. see the can imyou Now

it all his that of happiness; childrenthe us should Father but have things, of certain portance Alan,

doesn't come without effort; it doesn't stay if we abuse it. And it doesn't and marvels far greater than in a

live in violation of law. When we ignore any law, we realize the results. space ship taking off to the moon."

the flaunting flaunt of law, those law, those the whoAnd who encourage "Yes, but don't you want me to are are lax in observingthose deeper to uphold doing a the law who astronauts rockets read about and disservice to freedom and peace and prosperity and to the safety and and space ships?"asked Alan.

soundness of society than they can calculate. "Only the disciplined are "Of course I do,"his uncle asfree."4 "Our Father's God to thee, Author of liberty, To thee we sing. sured him, "all about them and the

Long may our land be bright With freedom's holy light. Protect us by brave things the astronauts are

thy might, great God, our King!"5 doing, but also to remember what

iAlma 50:39. I have told you about the wonders

2Thomas O'Shaughnessy, "Liberty and Freedom,"Overland Monthly, September 1918. around us—things that baffle us

Kingsley.3Charles

4Accredited to J. C. Penney (also other sources). with their secrets and make it excitGSamuel F. Smith, "America."ing for us to try to discover them.

"The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia "That big maple there,"his uncle

Broadcasting System, July 4, 1965. Copyright 1965. went on, "has a thousand leaves,

900 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

all with the same basic shape. What cheats some and leads "them away possess your bodies at the time

plan makes them grow so alike; carefully down to hell."He flatters that ye go out of this life, that

why don't they just grow an a others and tells them "there is no same spirit will have power to posthousand different shapes?"hell."He whispers into the ears of sess your body in that eternal

Alan now could tell that his many that he is no devil. He influworld.

uncle was only trying to open the ences men and women to hearken "For behold, if ye have prodoor to the many delightful quests unto the precepts of men and to crastinated the day of your reand searches as to the wonders that deny the power of God and the pentance even until death, behold, lay all around him, all waiting for gift of the Holy Ghost. He influye have become subjected to the

the keen eyes of any boy eager ences others to say, "We have respirit of the devil, and he doth seal enough to try. ceived the word of God, and we you his; therefore, the Spirit of the

What a world of adventure he need no more of the word of God Lord hath withdrawn from you, now saw for the first time in the for we have enough."( See 2 Nephi and hath no place in you, and the

very things he had accepted as 28.) devil hath all power over you; and

part of his small world, things Moses recorded that the devil is this is the final state of the wicked.

which weren't wonders until this "the father of all lies"and that his "And this I know, because the very day and moment. work is "to deceive and to'blind Lord hath said he dwelleth not in

And now they were. Yes, and as men, and to lead them captive at unholy temples, but in the hearts

if by magic they were and in such his will, even as many as would of the righteous doth he dwell,..."

plenty that he could explore them not hearken"unto the Lord. (Alma 34:3236.)

for times untold; yes, for pleasant (Moses 4:4.) In every situation in life wherein

times untold he could explore them. Amulek testified regarding the good and evil are presented to us,

power of the devil to enslave the Lord stands ready to assist us follows: as mortal men to devil the while condo good Teaching

this life behold, time is the "For stantly evil. to influences us do We (Continued from page 873) for to prepare to meet God; men decision, decithe the make and

has written on this subject: yea, behold the day of this life is sion we make makes us. As Amulek

"He is a being of God's own the day for men to perform their taught, it is possible for mortal make, under his control, subject to labors. man to become subjected to the

his will, cast out of Heaven for re- "And now, as I said unto you power of Satan by following the bellion; and when his services can before, as ye have had so many path of sin and disobedience and

be dispensed with, an angel will witnesses, therefore, I beseech of refusing to repent.

cast him into the bottomless pit. Can you that ye do not procrastinate Lucifer, son of the morning, is

he fight against and overcome God? the day of your repentance until real. He can and does exert his

verily, No! Can he alter the designs the end; for after this day of life, power and influence over both the

of God? verily, No! Satan may rage; which is given us to prepare for physical and intellectual capacities

but the Lord can confine him witheternity, behold, if we do not of man as was witnessed by Joseph 'in proper limits. He may instigate improve our time while in this life, Smith at the time of the first vision.

rebellion against God, but the Lord then cometh the night of darkness This truth also has been made can bind him in chains."( The Govwherein there can be no labor known to many other individuals

ernment of God, p. 81. performed. in this mortal life. Satan is a spirit

How does the devil seek to ac- "Ye cannot say, when ye are person who stands at the head of complish his purposes? There are brought to that awful crisis, that I an army of evil spirits who are

various means by which the devil will repent, that I will return to constantly trying to retard the seeks to lead men from the path my God. Nay, ye cannot say this; onward progress of the kingdom of

of righteousness. Nephi taught that for that same spirit which doth God. He labors in many ways to

the devil influences men to deny the influence men and women to turn power of God and to deny that SOMEDAY from the paths of righteousness.

is the archenemy of God and there is a God. He influences them BY ROWENA CHENEY He

to teach that this is not a day of man. He is the father of lies and

miracles. He influences them to Such a little fellow now... deceptions. He is the enemy and

proclaim that we may "eat, drink, He does not understand; opposer of Jesus. He is the accuser

and be merry, for tomorrow we die."He digs in it and calls it "dirt"—of the brethren. He labors not to

He influences them to believe that But Dad says, "It's my land,"create, but to destroy. He has the

God "will justify in committing power to transform himself into an a little sin,"in taking "advanAnd adds, with deep parental pride, angel of light. He can imitate the

tage of one because of his words,""This farm someday will be things of God. He is the one who

in digging a pit for one's neighbor. My son's—all this. And very soon sought to rob man of that which

He influences men to teach false He'll he a help to me."is next to life itself—free agency.

and vain and foolish doctrines. He He is and will always be an enemy

influences the wise, the learned, Such a little fellow now to God, truth, and righteousness.

and the rich to be puffed up in With laughter in his eyes... He is a spirit child of our Heavenly

their pride and to follow after him. Someday he'll say, "This is Father who was cast out of his

He pacifies and lulls some men my land!"presence for rebellion and is called

away into "carnal security."He But now it's just mud pies! Perdition.

OCTOBER 1965 901 US Ambassador James W. Riddleberger briefs cast at embassy before weeklong activities in Vienna, Austria.

is that I wish more ofCurtain Time, USA that teaches us to give love, conall I know tour to those have. Your genuineness you us had what cern, and(Continued from page 871)

fantastisaid. of the has one most been around us,"he

public interviews at which the One State Department official cally successful tours ever sent

State Department hoped the said, "I don't know what makes abroad in the hopes of spreading personto-person contact with foryou different from other groups; goodwill among mankind."

eign students would toster mutual understanding and better relations among nations.

Foreign students everywhere were loaded with questions about

America: Do you still kill Indians?

What is democracy? Do you believe in morality? Why do you

think capitalism is good? Could I

live safely in the United States?

Are Americans like the movies show them? Is everyone expected

to divorce once? Do you believe in

God?

A general pattern of the type of question that would be asked soon established itself. Answers came

forthrightly and with sincerity, BYU show represented the United States in faroff Peradeniya, Ceylon.

disarming any antagonism present.

"Those four months were a testimony. I became eternally grateful

for every church talk and every

MIA speech contest I had ever entered and for all the opportunities that the Church provides to help us learn how to express ourselves,"said singer Janice Williams of

Rupert, Idaho.

"As a result of this tour,"said drummer Bernell Berrett of Riverton, Utah, "we think we know some of the answers to some of the world's problems. But more than

that, we learned that there is nothing stronger than love. That's

why we were successful, because Vice Mayor Mandl of Vienna receiving BYU group in the beautiful Roter we had been raised in a church Salon (red chamber) of the town hall.

902 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Higher education's high on jlnterpace Face Brick

BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY, in this instance, chose INTERPACE Face Brick for "Deseret Towers,"six modern new residence halls. Which is hardly surprising.

Face Brick traditionally is first choice of fine schools. Interior walls are smooth;

exterior walls, matt finish. The color, Old Gold. For floors, walls, kitchens, restrooms and showers,

Franciscan Tile was used, for its assured quality, beauty and easy maintenance.

INTERPACE Face Brick gives you summer coolness, winter warmth, varied textural interest, substantial appearance, construction strength and lowcost maintenance.

It is easy on school budgets, at first and through the years. Architects for

Brigham Young University were Young and Fowler Associates; General Contractors,

Christiansen Bros, and Finn B. Paulsen Co.; Masonry Contractor, Leavitt and Pulsipher Inc.;

Tile Contractor, Spiker Tile Co.; all of Salt Lake City. When building or

remodeling, specify Face Brick by INTERPACE. You'll be high on the result.

AFACEINTERNATIONALGladding, McBeanPIPEbuilding& CERAMICSBRICKproduct CORPORATIONby jJjfTERPACE

LOS ANQCLES /sAN FRANCISCO / SAN DIEOO / SACRAMENTO / SANTA CLARA / PORTLAND / SEATTLE / SPOKANE / SALT LAKE CITY / DENVER / PHOENIX / HONOLULU (AMERICAN FACTORS)

OCTOBER 1965 903 Football is a game played by eleven men as one side checks the other and foils its against eleyen other men. Each group of effort.

eleven is determined to carry an inflated ball It was during such a contest that each team across a line at the end of a hundredyard could not seem to gain ground against the long field as many times as it can in one hour other. The offensive plays were perfectly perof playing time, at the same time preventing formed, but the defense against each play

the opposing team from doing the same thing was equally perfect. And so the teams seeat the opposite end of the field. There is sawed up and down the field, each carrying

offense and defense. There is planning and or passing the ball for three downs and kickcounterplanning. There is shifting of strategy ing on the fourth.

Home Teachers, like football players, should be

There came a time in the game when the end began to pull in closer in order to assist home team began to make a little groundthe beleaguered tackle who was absorbnot much, but enough to hold the ball for ing the punishment of the sustained drive twelve successive plays. The quarterback beagainst him.

gan to run plays just outside of the opponent's On the eleventh play the right end of the left tackle, and he kept it up. It got so monotoopposition dived into the play to help break

nous to the opposition that in spite of itself it up. In the huddle following, the left end of

the right side began to relax just a little. And the offensive team reported that the opposing

furthermore, in spite of instructions from right end had been "sucked in."Immediately

the coach to keep outside the play, the right the quarterback called for a fake drive through the same hole, with a lateral out to the left at the last moment. The play looked exactly

like the previous play except for the last moment lateral. The end was fooled and divedalert for changes

into the play, leaving his end unguarded. The

lateral to a swift halfback resulted in a touchdown and victory.

When the left end reported to the quarterback that the opposing end was "sucked in"on the last play, he was making an oral evaluation of a situation—a very liquid, changing

situation. And when the quarterback learned

of the situation, he knew what to do to take advantage of it; he directed his own forces

to a successful effort.

Conditions change in the homes of church members. The home teacher must be alert to

watch for changes. In those homes where the

heads of families are not active and where constant visiting seemingly gets one nowhere, then is the time to report to the "quarterback,"who is the group leader or quorum president.

He surveys the situation; they talk it over, and

earnestly try to find openings, to discover means of reaching the head of the house.

For the discouraged home teacher who feels that he is making no progress, the oral evaluations can be the best means he may have available to discover what is the trouble.

He is up against the problem of reaching a brother. Someone not so near who sees the

working of the whole team will be able to discover the weak spot in the defense of the member and drive his team through to victory, which is the reestablishment of faith and hope in the soul of the member. The oral evaluation

makes the solution of difficult home teaching problems possible.

90S I have never been asked to attend a church meeting that my parents themselves would not attend. My

mother never sent me to Sunday School; she always

took me. My father never sends my brothers and me

BY DALE GEORGE KARREN to priesthood meeting; he always takes us, and I

attend Sacrament meeting with my family. It has

never been difficult for me to pay tithing because my father has always done so. Because of the many

friends I have who practise the Word of Wisdom,

I find it much easier to eat and drink the things which I should.

Dale George Karren was Example is more powerful than precept. To see

born April 1, 1948, in Logan, someone who lives the commandments of God is far

Utah. is the He son of M. Ted more impressive to me than to hear them spoken. Lois A. Karren. and

Dale is a priest in the It is much easier for me to live the principles of the

Logan 22nd Ward, East gospel if I see others living them. The greatest exCache Stake, and is also an ample I have had is the life of Jesus Christ. He never

Eagle Scout and an honorasked anyone to do something he was not willing roll student at Logan High to do himself. By example he taught us how to pray,

School. to He enjoys participating in fast, and worship God. My parents have also tried

all athletic activities, especiteach me in this manner.

ally basketball. My priests'quorum adviser has helped me realize

It has been said by many of the people with whom

I associate that the Mormons are truly a peculiar sect. This being the case, I respond, "It's great to be

different."

BY EDWARD L. GRAMPP. JR. Should a Latterday Saint examine the innumerable

religions of the world, he would undoubtedly arrive at the conclusion that vast dissimilarities exist among these sects. Further comparison of the doctrines and

activities of each particular church would lead the individual to the conclusion that the Mormon Church

Edward L. Grampp, Jr., is is unique.

the oldest son of Edward One of the most manifest peculiarities in our

Layton and Vesta Hall Church is the Word of Wisdom. Through our adherGrampp. was born March He ence to this law, we have gained the respect of many DC, 9, in Washington, 1948,

and is a priest in the Arpeople of the world. I have experienced ridicule for

lington (Virginia) Ward, Pomy belief that tobacco and alcohol should not be tomac Stake. He has reinhaled nor consumed by the body, but in almost all

ceived a Certificate of cases I could sense a feeling of respect.

Achievement three years and Still other activities and traits set the Latterday has served as president of the deacons and teachers Saint apart from the average individual. Tithing, the

quorums. ancient law in which God asks of us one tenth of our

906 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA the importance of the priesthood through his actions. If one picks out the great leaders of the present

One Sunday morning in priesthood meeting, he gave or the past, the trait of humility is invariably present.

the quorum a lesson on the Sacrament. He explained I believe that in order for me to accept the teachings

the purpose of the Sacrament and how it should be of the Church and become a leader, I must be humble administered. Then he assigned himself to help me and willing to learn. I have always had a good exwith the Sacrament in Sunday School. Having this ample of humility set for me in my home. I try to

adviser administer the Sacrament with me that mornaccept blessings, both material and spiritual, with ing was more effective and forceful than any lesson graciousness.

I could have heard. Every day there are countless opportunities for me

Since my two older brothers have accepted calls to teach what I believe without uttering a word. I

to serve as missionaries, I have been able to see the constantly influence my neighbors, friends, and importance of teaching the gospel. By striving to family. I either lift them up or pull them down. I

understand people from other lands better, I hope to can teach my younger brothers and sister to be kind prepare myself to respond to a mission call when it to one another if I am kind to them. If I always

comes. On many occasions I find myself sitting across do my share of the work in the home and do what

the dinner table from a boy from Iran, or a handsome, I am asked, I can teach them to be obedient and take turbaned student from India, or a traveling group responsibility. By being a living example of the teachfrom France. It seems at these times we always gain ings of the Church, I can help the boy living down

more than we give. This year it will be my experience the street who is not a member of the Church. I

to welcome a boy from Sweden to share my room believe that it is my responsibility to live the teachings and my home through the American Field Service of the gospel so that I can influence others to live

Program. finer, more rewarding lives.

increase, is paid by members of the Church. On the of the most treasured experiences of my life.

Sabbath we attempt to forsake some of our activities Complex and changing is our society today. Coin order to keep the day holy as the Lord commanded, inciding with these new times is the modification of

instead of washing the car or journeying to the local social codes, some of which are the crafty and evil ball park. Once a month we abstain from food for a designs of men. I feel it is important that we as

day. Whereas many of our friends attend church only Latterday Saints realize the dangers of conforming

once every Sunday, we are kept active by attending to some of these practices and accept the challenge two or three meetings each Sunday, as well as Priof being different. Indeed, we should remember the

mary, MIA, and Relief Society throughout the week. thirteenth article of faith when choosing which path

Here in the eastern part of the United States, seminary to follow: "We believe in being honest, true, chaste,

is available to the youth only before school, very early benevolent, virtuous, and in doing good to all men;

in the morning, so a sacrifice must be made in order... If there is anything virtuous, lovely, or of good

to take advantage of this opportunity. report or praiseworthy, we seek after these things."

When Latterday Saint boys reach age nineteen, After having listed some peculiarities of The another opportunity to display their peculiarity is Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, a general afforded them. Thousands of young men leave each conclusion can be drawn. Mormons seek joy through

year for missions—two or more years of long, hard work, service, and sacrifice rather than temporary

toil. These boys receive no pay in monetary value, satisfaction through indulgence in the pleasures of

but are richly rewarded spiritually for their efforts. life. Why is this so?

In a little less than two years, I hope to be sent Whereas many people in the world today have on a mission myself, for I realize that it will be one their doubts as to the (Continued on page 916)

OCTOBER 1965 907 TODAY'S FAMILY

SEAS Cool days, cooler evenings, hearty appetites, and a harvest of good things to eat are the ingredients of which stews are made. Who can resist the

aroma, let alone the delicious flavor, of a stew carefully blended, slowly cooked, and lovingly served? Perhaps

fourand-twenty blackbirds composed

Old King Cole's dinner, but today we can turn to any of a dozen delicious

meat and vegetable combinations and come up with an elegant stew.

Stews can grace a formal dinner as well as a hurriedup supper on a busy housecleaning day. Only your imagination can limit the array of appetizing stews you can place before your

family. This type of dinner cannot be

concocted in minutes; it has to be

built in hours; but stews are even

more delicious as their flavors blend on the second day. At this time all

there is to do is just heat and bring goodness to the table in a matter of minutes.

The word "stew"has another connotation: A person can be in a stew.

This stew also takes hours, days, and sometimes a lifetime to concoct. Some

people are always in a stew, always in some difficulty, in a dilemma, in a predicament. This kind of stew raises

one's blood pressure and lowers one's likeabiliry. Relaxation and stewing do

not go together. Energy and dispositions can be evaporated in a stew. A

908 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

FLORENCE B. PINNOCK, EDITOR

w

person always in hot water has an affinity to stewing. Combine the flour, salt, and pepper. Dredge theON We say he is tied up in knots, walking in a maze, meat in seasoned flour. Brown in the fat. Pour off

living in an entanglement, and will surely muddle the drippings. Add the water, onion, and bay leaf.

along and finally make a mess of his life. Cover tightly and cook slowly about 2 hours or until

A woman who fusses over everything that happens the meat is tender. Add the frozen peas and cook just

to her and everything that fails to happen will never until tender. Discard the bay leaf. Add a little thickbe popular, liked, or loved. A stewer is a worrier over ening if necessary. Stir in the sour cream and horselittle things. If you are a stewer, it would be best radish and cook just until heated through.

to sit down and do some positive thinking. Decide,

when you start to stew, to replace the thought with a Ox joints provide a rich flavor and are budgetwise.

positive, happy one. Thoughts The meat should be cooked 3 or 4 hours until it falls

are a little like water in a jug. from the bone.

If a jug is full of water, there is no room for anything else. Gourmet Stew (6 servings)

Very few things we worry 3 or 4 pounds ox joints about ever happen, so how Vk cup flour foolish we are to use up our energy and waste a 2 teaspoons salt minute of our time on them. Life is so short there is V4 teaspoon pepper

no time to stew. 2 tablespoons lard or drippings

Back again to the good kind of stews. Every coun- 1 4-ounce can mushrooms

try has its own specialty. Seasonings are the main dif- 1 bay leaf

ferences as we travel the world over. There is a mild, 4 whole peppercorns

tender lamb stew, a hot chicken chili stew, and every 1 onion, sliced degree in between. Why don't you try some of these Vs teaspoon thyme

unusual stews on your family the first cold day? Water

Beef is a standby around the world, and this stew Flour for gravy is an extra special dividend served on rice or noodles.

Start it cooking early enough so that the meat will be Combine flour, salt, and pepper. Dredge ox joints

tender. It is the seasoning that makes it different. in seasoned flour. Brown in fat. Pour off drippings.

Drain mushrooms, reserving the liquid. Add bay leaf,

Beef Rhapsody (6 servings) peppercorns, onion, thyme, and mushrooms. Add

2 pounds boneless beef, cut in 1-inch cubes enough water to mushroom liquid to make 2 cups.

V2 cup flour Pour mixture over ox joints. Cover tightly and simmer

1 teaspoon salt 3 to 4 hours or until tender. Remove ox joints; discard

V2 teaspoon pepper the bay leaf and peppercorns. Thicken the cooking

1 tablespoon lard or drippings liquid with flour (add more water if necessary) to 2 cups water make gravy. Add the meat. Serve over lightly mashed

4 tablespoons grated onion potatoes.

1 bay leaf 1 package frozen peas Grated carrots add an interesting texture while rose- 1 cup dairy sour cream mary provides a novel herb touch in this stew thick- 1 tablespoon prepared horseradish ened with barley. ( Continued on the following page

OCTOBER 1965 909

paste of flour and milk and thicken the sauce. Serve over the rice and

peas.

Smoked ham lends its characteristic flavor to any dish in which it STEW is used. In this recipe you can use

leftover ham. SEASON Dixie Stew (serves 6)

Barley Beef Stew (serves 6) Dilly Lamb Stew (serves 6) 2 pounds cooked ham, cut in V2- 2 pounds boneless beef, cut in P/2- 2 pounds boneless lamb inch cubes inch pieces 3 tablespoons flour 1 cup chopped onion 3 tablespoons drippings IV2 teaspoons salt 1 garlic clove, minced 1 teaspoon salt V4 teaspoon pepper 3 tablespoons fat

Vs teaspoon pepper V4 teaspoon garlic salt xk cup minced green pepper

Vs teaspoon rosemary 3 tablespoons fat V2 lemon, cut in -inch rings

V2 cup chopped onion 1 beef bouillon cube V* teaspoon pepper 2 cups water xk cup hot water V4 teaspoon thyme 2 beef bouillon cubes 1 16ounce can tomatoes 1 16ounce can tomatoes

V4 cup barley Vi teaspoon dill seed 1 cup uncooked rice 1 4-ounce can mushroom stems 1 package frozen lima beans IV2 cups hot water and pieces 1 16ounce can whole onions, 1 cup coarsely grated carrot drained Cook the onions and garlic in the

V4 cup chopped pimiento fat until tender. Add the ham and

Combine the flour, salt, pepper, brown lightly. Pour off drippings.

Brown the meat in the fat and pour and garlic salt. Dredge meat in this Add the remaining ingredients.

off the drippings. Add the salt, and brown in the fat. Pour off all Cover tightly and simmer about

pepper, rosemary, onion, water, drippings. Dissolve the bouillon 30 minutes or until rice is fluffy.

bouillon cubes, and barley. Cover cube in hot water. Drain tomatoes,

tightly and cook slowly until the reserving the pieces to add later. Curried Lamb Stew (4 servingsmeat is tender. Add the mushAdd the bouillon, tomato liquid, quick stew)

rooms, carrots, and pimiento. Cover and dill seed. Cover tightly and

tightly and cook 15 minutes. cook slowly 1 to 2 hours until ten- 1 pound ground lamb

der. Add lima beans and continue V4 cup finely chopped onion

Oriental Steiv (serves 6) cooking 20 minutes. Add tomato V2 garlic clove, finely chopped

pieces and onions and continue Va cup corn flakes, crushed

IV2 pounds ground beef cooking until heated through. 1 teaspoon salt

1 tablespoon fat V2 cup milk 1 onion, sliced Heart is an excellent source of 1 tablespoon fat

IV2 cups chopped celery highquality protein and iron and x/2 cup chopped onion 1 cup water should be eaten often. The follow- 1 teaspoon curry powder

1 16ounce can bean sprouts ing dish has a foreign flavor. 1 tablespoon flour

V4 cup soy sauce 1 teaspoon salt

V2 teaspoon sugar Heart Andalouse ( 4 servings IV2 cups apple juice 2 tablespoons water V4 cup shredded coconut 2 tablespoons cornstarch 1 pound beef or veal heart 2 tablespoons chopped salted 1 cup water peanuts Brown the ground beef in the fat. 1 teaspoon salt Cooked rice

Pour off drippings. Add the onion, 1 10y2ounce can condensed tocelery, and 1 cup water. Cover mato soup Combine the lamb, V4 cup chopped

tightly and simmer 15 minutes. V4 pound cheddar cheese, grated onion, garlic, corn flakes, salt, and

Add bean sprouts. Combine soy 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce milk. Shape into 16 balls, each

sauce, sugar, 2 tablespoons water, V4 cup flour about the size of a walnut. Brown

and cornstarch and add to meat V2 cup milk in the fat, pour off the drippings, mixture. Continue cooking 5 min- 2 cups hot cooked rice, seasoned remove the meat balls. Add V2 cup

utes, stirring constantly, until sauce 1 package frozen peas, cooked chopped onion to 1 tablespoon of is slightly thickened. Serve over the drippings and cook 5 minutes.

Chinese noodles. Wash the heart and remove the Stir in mrry powder, flour, and

hard parts. Cut in %-inch cubes. salt. Add the apple juice. Mix well

Stews are a heman food with Add water and salt. Cover tightly and cook, stirring constantly until

plain and simple good eating, and and cook slowly \Vz hours. Add the thickened. Return meat balls to

this Dilly Lamb Stew is no exceptomato soup, cheese, and Worcesgravy. Cover tightly and simmer

tion. Dill seed, which comes from tershire sauce. Continue cooking 20 minutes. Serve over rice; top

India, is wonderful in this stew. until cheese is melted. Make a with coconut and peanuts.

910 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Wonder what to serve when you have friends in?

Why not tryPostum? PLANT FUN FOR LITTLE SPROUTS

BY LUCILLE J. GOODYEAR

Because of their natural curiHere's another growing "trick"osity, children enjoy growing inusing a fresh carrot. Scoop out the

door plants—especially if the plants inside core of a large, stubby carrot

have a whimsical origin. Use a sharp paring knife or apple

Once started, an indoor garden corer, working carefully so as not layer. gratifying, penetrate to the outer Withcan be an interesting, a Instant needle, darning run a child a heavy pastime forand educational

of any age. In the changing growth length of string through top of

and appearance of a plant, a child's carrot to make a loop for hanging.

interest is magically held from day Hang in window and fill with to day, week to week, while his water. Before you know it, the c E R E A L beveragethirst for knowledge of growing carrot will be covered over with a ms

things is not only whetted but cascade of feathery foliage. No Caffein

satisfied. The cupand-saucer vine, whose

Ordinary navy, kidney, or lima flowers resemble a cup sitting on a bean seeds are a source of fastsaucer, is an interesting and amusgrowing, attractive vines. To speed ing plant. The seeds are obtainable

up growth the seeds should be at most seed stores. To give the

soaked in water overnight, then seeds a quick start, nick each seed planted in moist, sandy soil. Given with a sharp knife or file and soak

plenty of sunshine and some type overnight in water. Plant four seeds

of support after they have started to a flowerpot about four inches growing, these plants will develop wide, using a sandy soil. Plant seed

into colorful, bushy, blooming edgewise and barely cover with Flavorful, hearty Postum vines. Keep plants moderately soil. Water soil gently, preferably just naturally encourages

or spray.moist atomizer a plant once they have reached mawith

isturity. vine easy and good talk among friends. potato A sweet

A handful of lentils placed in fun to grow. Place a fresh sweet Made with pure,

a shallow bowl of water will grow potato, narrow end down, in a energyfood ingredients into a cluster of delicate greenery waterfilled jar having a top small and no caffein, which makes a fun family table enough to hold the potato half in Postum givesyouanatara/ lift.

centerpiece. or half out of use toothwater and You can drink all you like.

in place. picks to hold potato Keep Carrot tops can be grown into

lovely plants. Cut two or three in a dark place until roots sprout, If you haven't tried

inches from the thick, leafy end. adding water as needed. When Instant Postum lately,

Cover the bottom of a shallow bowl wellrooted, place in a semisunny you're missing a satisfying, with small pebbles; add enough spot. This vine can also be started bracing drink.

water to almost cover the pebbles; in moist, sandy soil. For quicker You'll enjoy its natural lift.

place carrots tops, cut end down. and more satisfactory results,

Hold carrot cuttings in place with choose a potato that is already The Natural Lift a few pebbles. Within a few days, starting to sprout. Occasionally

a growth of delicate, feathery green trim vines back to avoid straggly Send name and address leaves will appear. Add water as it growth. forfree Postum recipes to:

evaporates. The avocado can be treated in Postum Recipes,

Box 1040, Kankakee, Illinois.

Postum is a registered trademark of General Foods Corporation.

OCTOBER 1965 911 - BREADMIXER - makes a bread batch for 1 to 4 For over one year now, as the the same manner much loaves $13.95 postpaid to you. the seed sweet potato iTTiririii vine. Support

Is it a gift? We'll mail it for you... above a container of water, with

the blunt water. seed in end of Be in smoke have paid less of sure seed to keep bottom

water, adding water as it evapolife insurance rates. The seed may also be grown for new

in soil, placing it in a mixture of about half garden soil and half from us.

fine sand, with the pointed end up and protruding part way above the How about you?

surface. Keep soil slightly damp at

12 quart capacity... stainless steel mixall times. Does it irritate you to pay as

ing rod... lifetime tindipped pail... A planted pineapple top will give

heavy as a smoker? much lid. 12"with aluminum x 12"x 14"forth type a tropical with of growth.

. "old time".. FREE recipes included. bread. size our. of view point from leafy a fresh pineWell, Cut the top from with mixer. each Ends tedious kneading.

apple, cutting about two inches beyou're a much better risk.

CstwwL WHEAT MILL low the crown of leaves. It's best So we'll give you a

to the allow a dry top cut out for use to by UNIVERSAL lower rate on new life rot. Fill to nuts, days avoid pot a with wheat, corn, few

etc. Easily adjusts for or planter with clean sand or a insurance. (State Mutual

fine or coarse grinding. sandy soil and firmly press the cut is the'first major company

soil. soil side into the moist Keep $6.95 to call it our do this.) We period. during rooting Plant should Postpaid

Policy. NonSmoker lit in place, kept out dimly to you be a

"Special"quantity of drafts, until roots are established. It's very popular. Call prices to church

groups! Send orders Place in a window, keeping soil your agent about it.

to: moderately moist. Plant will continue to bear interesting graygreen, Or send us this coupon.

spiked leaves.

SMITHFIELD IMPLEMENT CO. Interesting house plants can also

99 N. MAIN SMITHFIELD, UTAH be produced from citrus seeds

(orange, grapefruit, lemon, lime),

Soak seeds overnight. Fill a small

pot with a loose, sandy soil and

NEED $180 TO $2,500 FOR plantof an threeinch orbeneathfour seedsthe a surface.quarter

Keep in a dim light. When the

YOUR ORGANIZATION? plantsshow twohavepairssproutedof leaves, enougheach plantto

should be carefully transplanted

Mason NONO MONEYRISK... INNOADVANCE...OBLIGATION moderatelyinto an individualrich soil.pot,Theusingtrans-a

Candy Mason supplies your organization plants should be returned to dim after for light days, of beautifully with a a choice few whichcan Mints, topquality boxed, Mason to they a be can sunny moved Assorted Cocoanut, Almondhelp Jellies or Chocolate Chiffon, and spot.

can you how you make Seeds planted dates from can be every on box $1.00you! tells400 "trees"tiny will grow. sold. At and palm each no extra charge package

is wrapped with your group's However, they do take considerable picture. only Pay and name candy. time to germinate. If your child is the have sold you AFTER

Return what you don't sell. trying to grow a tiny palm tree,

Mail coupon today! better have him plant some fastgrowing plants at the same time.

The appearance and growth of the other plants will soothe his imSTATE MUTUAL OF AMERICA patience while waiting for the date 440 Lincoln Street

'Mass. Worcester, 01605 pits to growing. sprout begin and >C* DEPT. MRS MARY TAYLOR.549, 978N.Y. MINEOLA, MASON, BOX s r 21 to to Dear Sirs: plant amusing and Fun ME, SEND WITHOUT TION.PLEASE describing Please your a folder INFORMATION send ON YOUR me it is as "sponge a grows OBLIGAFUND- watch PLAN. RAISING Policy. this I understand does NonSmoker

NAMEgarden."Place a dampened natural not obligate me in any way.

ORGANIZATION. sponge in a shallow bowl of water.

ADDRESS A coarse, porous rock can be substiName

CITY COUNTY tuted for the sponge. Sprinkle Address.

STATE.PHONE. sponge or rock with seeds, using

AGE (IF UNDER 21). lettuce, mustard, or grass seed. If City.

HOW MANY MEMBERS. State..Zip Code.

912 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

"st fvethe sponge or rock is kept damp the seeds will sprout and grow appealing green mounds. A corncob held TWO

upright in a waterfilled, flat dish with stones, planted with timothy 2-PURPOSE Hip grass seeds and kept moist, will also provide an interesting growthproject. THERMOMETERS

Midget tomato and pepper plants ONLY are good materials for a child's WITH 3 EMPTY garden. midget Thewindow pepRED STAR PACKETS five inches high, aboutper growsthe tomato about eight inches. Both—*

produce colorful, edible fruit, are YEAST & ROAST THERMOMETER to pot culture, andreadily adapted water temperature Now measure are easily from seed. The grown accurately yeast. dissolving when

seed can be obtained at most seed And it's a meat thermometer, too!

supply stores.

Miniature petunias, marigolds, ROOM THERMOMETER and zinnias make colorful plants & HUMIDITY GAUGE for children to observe, as they all Attractively designed in plastic for grow rapidly and bloom. Use mounting on light switch.

moderately rich soil, covering seeds with about V* inch of soil. Space the GET B0TH1 Mail $1.00 with 3 empty

seeds when planting so as to avoid RED STAR YEAST packets to Box 710, any transplanting. Minneapolis,55424.Minn.

Many herbs can be grown successfully indoors. Why not have

your youngster start a row of small flowerpots, each pot planted with a different type of herb? In addition to being easily grown and

providing interesting. greenery,

herbs can be used in cooking to add flavor and spice to your favorite dishes. SHOP FOR FASHION, CHILDREN'S CLOTHES,

MENSWEAR AND HOME FURNISHINGS

The whole family will like shopping at

Auerbach's. Everything that's new and fun to

QUILT SCRAPBOOK wear is here as well as wonderful furnishings for your home. Come in soon. Phone for free deBY FRANCES GORMAN R1SSER livery in our large delivery area: 328-1 1 88 in

Salt Lake City area, 8251607 in Ogden area,

My grandma has a quilt she made 3742780 in Provo area, Zenith 737 outlying

When she was very small. areas. Free delivery north to Tremonton and

She looks at every pretty square, Richmond, east to Heber and Midway, west to

And then she can recall Grantsville and Tooele, south to Payson and

So many things out of the past—Provo, all points between. Mail orders to

She'll say: "Your Uncle Joe

Had a green shirt—see this scrap Auerbach's Box 1465, Salt Lake City, Utah

here?—84110.

ago. time long long, A SELECT THE THAT PAYMENT SYSTEM the into and pigpen fellHe IS FOR YOU: CONVENIENT MOST about; chased him The sow

That boy was sure a sorry sight Regular 30day account

Before he was fished out."Addon budget

Or "I wore a dress made of this amount(you agreeeach onmonth).a credit limit, pay xk of this Red, flowered gingham when

account Spelling Match, Contract the CountyI won ar- (for larger low purchases, down payment ten!"only I was And or longer with to complete ranged 6 months

Yes, Grandma's quilt is like a bookpayment).

In every little scrap She sees a story, funny joke, Triumph, or strange mishap!

STATE AND BROADWAY SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

OCTOBER 196S 913

HOUSEHOLD HINTSSO TENSION WON'T BUILD

The old saying "all tied up in knots"is expressive. It's the little

things in life that cause tension to rise. No one has ever done his best

when irritated. There is a smoothness when nerves are relaxed that

leads to success. The following are

some ways to iron out daily kinks and untie the knots of tension.

Who wants lumps in gravy? No

one, of course. Eliminate this frusthen the water, tration placing by

'66 as it steal will is heart saves your you that beauty a compact This datsun jar; thickening, in a for flour the shift gives a full 4-speed with cc engine 1300 powerful command money. New,

is until mixture shake cover and to delivers economy. yet you'll 'get go'up ever need the and 33 mpg you all up

datsun—easy to drive, easy to park, easy to service and delivers fully equipped, smooth. Add this slowly to the

with every extra but a radio for only $1,666 plus lie, tax. D & H and local meat stock or drippings, stirring

freight if any. Test it this very week! constantly until mixture thickens.

Milk sauce can be made the same...just ask an owner way, using milk instead of water.

Remove from your small utensil drawer all knives, potato mashers, strainers, etc., that are not used

each day. Have a special lower

GO DRIVE $JS X AND YOU'LL GO DATSUN FOR '66! drawerticles. Nervesfor thesewill seldomusedrelax when finar-

For Dealer name write: DATSUN, Dept. T, PO Box 191, Gardena, California. gers can easily find a tool.

Have a hamper for soiled clothes

BLACK & WHITE on the second floor as well as

Your kitchen stays downstairs.

bathin the a shelf Reserving to supplies for cleaning cleaner when you LIVI9 8 exposure roll room DEVELOPED & PRINTED used there saves many a step. be

IN JUMBO SIZE 12 exposures 50< 20 exposures $1.00 If you do not have an automaticCOsK 36 exposures $1.50 sprinkling system, save your dimes

for the one yard back and another ELECTRIC COLOR FILM until you can buy a hose for the looking front. hoses and Dragging DEVELOPING for nozzles are bloodpressure Nothing is cleaner

raisers. KODACOLOR

Roll 8-Exposure per than a kilowatt—no Printing and roll $2.55 Lazy Susans on a shelf save the Roll 12Exposure of combusDev. products per

Dev. and Printing $3.00 r0 || irritation caused by handling everytion. Color Reprints 204 each thing in the front of the shelf to - reach a package at the back.

135 mm COLORColor Slides SLIDES per 20 exp., Dev. and Mount...$1.35 roll Never add cold water to hot fat

Slides Color 135 mm per unless your kitchen like you and exp., Dev. 36 and roll Mount $2.40 splattered. to be grease Color Movie per

8 mm, 25'Roll $1.35 roll

Tie a pencil to your telephone to

GENEALOGY PHOTOS hasten message keeping.

of MADE OLD lists of things written you Keep smart See the new PHOTOS,NEGATIVES 604 each. PRINTS off as they do them and check must of NEGATIVE, 54 each electric range models frees are your accomplished—this

for other things and also inslipups. at your dealer's now. SendMoneyBackcoin only—noGuaranteeC.O.D.'s mindsures no

If it's electric, it's better! PHOTO LAB I LIGHT POWER UTAH COMPANY P.O. Box 1 1 1 5 Dept. Utah AA Salt Lake City,

Preserve the Inspiration of HOME, SWEET HOME The Improvement Era Goblins, ghosts, and little characters from far out will be ringing In Beautifully Bound Volumes doorbells one night this month.

Perhaps a word or two of precaution to the children during family The Mountain West's finest bindery and night would not be amiss. Tiny printing house is prepared to bind your

people darting across dark streets collected Improvement Era's into fine unseen by motorists, larger boys hard cover volumes. Mail or bring the

joining in what begins as fun and editions you wish bound to the Deseret ends in gang mischief, girls wanNews Press.

dering too far from home into danger, all can make a tragedy of a 12 issues in hard cover $3.90. Advance

happy Halloween. After a discuspayment must accompany all orders

sion of do's and don't's for this jackPlease include postage if volumes are o'-lantern holiday, end the evening to be returned by mail.

with a Halloween treat as a double POSTAGE RATE FROM SALT LAKE CITY, UTAHreminder.

Zone 5 1.05

Caramel Apples 31 & 2 6575 67 1.401.20

4 85 8 1.60

6 or 7 apples ( crisp and rosy 1 pound of vanilla caramels jx 2 tablespoons water Dash of salt

Melt the caramels with the water in the top part of the double boiler; 1600 Empire Road

stir until the mixture is smooth and Salt Lake City, Utah velvety. Stick a wooden skewer into

the stem end of each apple. Dip

the apples in the caramel syrup, turning until apple is completely coated. If necessary, add a few

drops of water to make the caramel of the right consistency. Place

coated apples, stick up, on a buttered cookie sheet. Chill till coating is firm.

If you like "red hot tops"make this cinnamon apple.

Cinnamon Appleon-a-Stick

6 or 7 firm red apples 2 cups sugar % cup light corn syrup 1 cup water Enough red cinnamon candies to make the syrup hot and red

Boil the sugar, syrup, water, and red candies together until they brittle thread aform a hard, when Why your church should have the soft, is intoteaspoon of syrup dropped cold water. Tip saucepan and dip quiet beauty of Bigelow

apples, twisting in the syrup until Appearance alone would be reason Mormon church building decor.

they are well covered. Work quickenough. But a fine Bigelow carpet, like There are many other Bigelow carpets

ly, placing saucepan over boiling the Gropoint Director shown above,—ideal for the home as well. In fact, for

water to keep syrup thin enough to also absorbs noise. Helps create an atevery public building, for every home,

coat the apples easily. Place coated mosphere of serenity. Saves on mainteBigelow has or can customcreate the

apples, stick up, on buttered cookie nance and cleaning costs too. perfect carpet. We've been doing it for

sheet to harden. FBP This sturdy tweed is woven of finest well over a century.

selected imported wools to give years of wear under heavy traffic. It comes in

RUGS CARPETS AND 14 colors, making it adaptable to any SINCE 1825 Bigelow:;

OCTOBER 1965 91S It's FUNDraising This I Believe season... with reason(Continuedfor theirfrom existencepage 907)or their

destination when they leave this offer the greatfew months The next with earth, Latterday Saints have the for fundraising potential est

Quorums, Priesthood candy. fine

church seminaries, iliaries, scouts, auxFINE Throughanswers theto Prophetthese Josephquestions.Smith

groups and clubs raise money for CHOCOLATES and his successors has come the activities their worthwhile are here by revelation that to be we delightful candy the most selling if After God. we die, tested by in world the creations

Maxfield's. Famous we are worthy, we attain eternal

chocolates and life with God. God has revealed

Pecan Logs. through his prophets the plan of

salvation and has given certain commandments which we are to follow. The priesthood, or the

authority and power to act in the name of God, has been restored to the earth. God has given us much.

However, as in the French saying, realize oblige, noblesse must we fundraising in Maxfield's interested;*(>** Yes am is that is given, where much much

for Please send all occasions. me more programI

information. expected.

During the remainder of my life,

Name deseveral important will make I I

Title.. cisions. these are included Among

selecpursuit, occupational my my

City State all, the tion of a wife, and, above follow I will plan of choice which COMPANY MAXFIELD CANDY

I that of or of God. Satan Utah 84110—that Lake City, P.O. Box 554, Salt

pray that through constant prayer and study, my testimony of the gospel will grow. It will become

stronger if I will accept the challenge of being different. This I

FAMILY ARMS believe.

DIRECT FROM ENGLAND Wedding Announcements Since Cumorah (Continued from page 877)

the Thanksgiving Hymns, it is the

PRINTERS tree of the wicked that bears bitter

Creators of Fine Wedding Stationery fruit: "In their every thought is a

root which blossoms to wormwood quality crafted and gall."80 The tree referred to

two day service here can only be an olive.

save up to 50% The reader can amuse himself

YORK INSIGNIA LTD. by working out the parallels at

155 North 100 Illustrated 1 Provo, Actual 25<fandfor Samples Dept. YORK, ENGLAND SendCatalog East great length and detail. Here we

of with order Refunded "Home BYU"Utah have two men who write exactly the same sort of poetry including a hymn of praise in the same LDS WANTEDFASHION INCONSULTANTSALL STAKES peculiarsketch inway,whichan autobiographicalthey suffer the identical vicissitudes under identiLingerie Holiday is cal conditions, and the same two prenow being JEWELRY CO. sented by Gay Lee men develop an elaborate parable

DA 2-1039 SOUTH 42WEST2ND. Displays the elehaving to do with a tree and an SALT LAKE CITY 1, UTAH of modesty. gance

INTERMOUNTAIN'S LARGEST DIAMOND DEALER 2511 S. West Temple, S. L. C, Utah

916 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

TWO GREAT TOURS!

orchard or garden which they leave With W. Cleon Skousen as Your Guide

to to explain. If they are others 1. Book Of Mormon Lands Tour Departs Salt Lake City January 14, 1966 (the the discrepancies same person,

between their accounts can be 16MexicoexcitingCity,days!Ancient Aztec Ruins, Guatemala, Mayan Villages, and

readily explained by the time gap many thrilling sights!

between the Book of Mormon ver- 2. South America Tour Departs Mexico City January 29, 1966

sion and the much later Qumran 26 sunsplashed days in Southern Hemisphere Summer!

version. We must remember that Rio de Janeiro, Sao Paulo, Montevideo, Buenos Aires, Santiago, Lima

the Dead Sea Scrolls are full of old andSee otherancientfabulousand modernplaces!South America in one breathtaking sweep!

writings, centuries older than the manuscripts containing them, even though these are the oldest known. MURDOCH14 South MainTRAVELSt.,INC.,Salt lake City, Utah, Phone: 3283161

The Zadok after whom the comGentlemen: please send me full particulars on the following tours:

munity name themselves has been 2 (1)(2) SouthBooh ofAmericaMormonwithLandsW. Cleonwith W.SkousenCleon Skousen

traced back as far as the Jebusite

Zadok of the time of David; that Name

shows how old their traditions are. Address..

We have even suggested elsewhere City State.

that the Zenock of the Book of

Mormon may have been Zadok, for not only could the "n"and the "d"have been easily confused by a scribe, but the common Arabic designation for the sectarians of the

You will be amazed atdesert as "Zandokites"shows that the two could be used together. how much you can learn

All of this, of course, is simply through a Home Study speculation. course!

( To be continued Please Send Free HOME FOOTNOTES

STUDY Catalog "OHve,"Encyclopaedia Britannica (9th ed.). "It is the concept of the "Wintertime Name of the Just,"according to which until returnthe of all trees, the Lord good Address aliveand bad, look alike, since dead, and none of them has leaves; it is only in the

last days that the living trees will blossom;7 "viii,Pastor2022;of theHermas,translationSimilitudeis Gaster's,iii.

op. cit., pp. 166167. City

Ti>Gaster, op. cit., p. 167, renders this,

"For that which I had planted was State turned into wormwood."DupontSom-

mer, however, poet has the compare him- "... tree:self to there an abandoned was HOME STUDY, Brig ham

no fountain for me.... I was without Young University, Provo,

strength; punishment bore my fruit in Utah

...bitterness not preserve and I could

my strength."In Semitica, 7 (1957), pp.

67f. iv, 14; Gaster, op. cit., p. 143.

8lC. E. Haner, "Who Was Zadok?"Jnl.

Bibl. Lit., 82 (1963), 8994.

IDAHO FALLS fffAVi/oDCi YOU CAN RENT IT!

PARTY ITEMSSICK ROOM /I 7"When attending the Idaho CONSTRUCTION

Falls at the stay Temple, Falls - Idaho TRAVELODGE elation spirit—of of a spirit is an 'k#jT*Joy RENTS * HOWE close convenient and—

trusts in the goodnesswhich all rates for excursions. and Special open Temple—RENTALS SALES AND

truth of its own possessions.—Seneca day Saturdays.—Phone or write for reservations. SALT LAKE CITY BOUNTIFUL

500 2375 West E Street 255 2-0684 FA Falls, Idaho Idaho Nevada INRENONEVADASouthRENTSState1490486-0055East 2nd 640Reno,So.

Ph. 5232960

OCTOBER 1965 917 A Strange Letter Families began to emerge from Civil War and had died in active the haze of records. Eventually it duty. Could this man be the

(Continued from page 875) was learned that Harlan Laub was brother of George?

a descendant of a Jacob Laub of A letter written to George by seeking genealogical information Juanita County, Pennsylvania, who one of his brothers in 1866 was pertaining to his own ancestry. had died during the Civil War. found. This letter contained a key

Searching through copies of old George Laub's journal indicated statement. It said, "Our brother

publications in a library, he found that he had a brother named Jacob, Jacob married twice and died

Raymond Laub's 1936 request for but this was in Lancaster County. during the Civil War."This

information. Although the request An entry found in Pennsylvania seemed proof that Harlan Laub

had been made twentyfour years archive records indicated that a descended from the same family previously, he decided to write a Jacob Laub of Juanita County as did the Laub family of Utah, letter indicating he had some inmarried Elizabeth Dietrich. Both but the searchers wanted verifying

formation and vital facts gleaned were from Lancaster County. evidence. Finally, one happy day,

during many years of personal reThey had moved to Juanita County Harlan Laub wrote that at last he search. in 1844, and although past military had proof. He wrote, "I have found

Since 1936, however, Raymond age, he had enlisted during the information I have been seeking

Laub had moved from Simi, California, going first to St. George,

Utah, where his wife had died, and he remarried. Later, he and his

second wife filled a mission for the

Church, returned, and settled in subsequentlyEnterprise, Utah, (THE ONE REASON FOR Salt SPOKEN to Lake City.moving

WORD '.. unexplained manner this In some RESTLESSNESS

letter from Harlan Laub, written

March 17, 1960, and addressed to

Simi, California, was delivered to

Raymond Laub in Salt Lake City on April 25, 1960. This letter RICHARD L. EVANS

proved to be a "key"to open the door to records of the ancestry One reason for restlessness is the expectation of a series of everascending and kinfolk of George Laub, the excitements. We hear of those who are bored, those who feel letdown

Mormon pioneer. for lack of highlights in life—expecting experiences always to be more

The writer of the letter, Harlan sensational, entertainment always to be more spectacular. We hear of

Laub, is a genealogist for the Sons those who are disappointed because teaching and learning are more or of the American Revolution in less routine and repetitious, because sermons sometimes seem the same.

Pennsylvania. He had gathered a But not every occasion, every sentence, every experience can reach a

small quantity of unrelated facts new high. Sometimes we may read a whole book and feel well rewarded

and vital statistics relating to if we find in it a single sentence that is forever worth remembering. We

persons with the Laub family may hear a whole sermon and be rewarded if we find in it only one name. A reply was quickly disthought that helps to meet a problem or move us toward improvement.

patched to him, and he graciously We may read a play and find that there is much that is preliminary to supplied copies of all information getting to the point, or to the climax of the play. In literature there is

in his possession. This contact was much that is preface, much that leads up to the crux of the plot. In

the beginning of an interesting and poetry not every line is thrilling. Nor is music all climax. Nor would it

intense mutual correspondence. be pleasant if it were all crash and crescendo. Many of the great masters

With his assistance and the help of have written and painted much that is mediocre, or at least less than a researcher in Lancaster city, their best. And in eating, everything isn't dessert. Nor can all our foods

many new record sources were be condiments and spices. There are the staples, the necessary filling

searched, some of which were component parts. Much of life comes under the category of inbetween

rather inaccessible, such as earlv times, essential duties, routine tasks, the daily things that have to be

Lutheran and Reformed Church done. Much of life, blessedly, is simple and quiet—and should be. And

records, handwritten records of we do well if we learn the blessing of routine duty, of quiet content, itinerant preachers, and records in along with the flashes of inspiration, the thrills, the highlights, the

German from the small farm areas peaks, and the special experiences. We do well to give gratitude for

of Cumru township, New Holland, simple food, for health to eat it, for quiet companionship and the good and Brecknock township. Historisense to enjoy it, for simple things, for the fillin, for the routine, for

cal libraries were visited, and the inbetween times, with some climaxes, some thrills, and highlights—

several early handwritten records, but not expecting an endless series of excitements. If we expect a thrill

obtainable only in their present a minute, it must be the thrill of being alive, and useful and loved, and location, were searched. of learning, and of being part of God's great plan and purpose.

Slowly, one by one, the newly found facts began to fit into place "The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia like pieces of a jigsaw puzzle. Broadcasting System, July 25, 1965. Copyright 1965.

918 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

for twenty years."He had located

an old pension record of the widow of Jacob Laub and his children by another wife. This record gave the

confirming evidence that this Jacob was a brother of George Lanb, a son of John Laub of Lancaster

County. Thus, for the first time, a

connection was established between distant collateral lines of the

Laub family.

Gradually the way opened to enlarge the pedigree of Laub lineage. Harlan Laub intensified his

efforts. He became indefatigable.

Every spare moment was spent in research. Many trips were made to

record archives. He enlisted the

aid of associates in the various chapters of the Sons of the American Revolution. He followed up

tirelessly, seeking and confirming of entriesfacts, obtaining copies of Hale, Hale, The Gang's All Hereand documents. A barrage

correspondence went back and Steve Hale's gang, that is. Daily in the Deseret News, Steve

forth between Utah and PennsylHale writes about the most interesting people. Usually they're

vania. Certain vital facts or documents which were needed for just ordinary people, but they do interesting things and Steve writes interestingly about them. Read "Steve Hale's sudHale particular point wouldsome

'People'in your located. unexplainably, bedenly,One by one these facts began to DESERET NEWS

have new meaning. Soon the correct lineage began to appear. Then,

one memorable day, came the final proof. One of the diligent SAR researchers had located copies of old

wills buried away in musty archives. These valuable documents, GENEALOGY COPIES

the existence of which had been unknown, provided the final proof needed George Laub. to verify the ancestry of MADE ANY PLACE

One complete manuscript volof the records the compiled ofume 8V2 X14 family been placed has nowLaub in the genealogical library in Salt

Lake City. It may be of interest

to note that one ancestor fought in N E the Revolutionary War. Another

kinsman was mortally wounded in received of 1812the and War COmPANY DRY PHOTO COPIER a No. 114 3D3H citation thespecial Congress fromof the United States. The immiLow Cost Copies Colors All Inks

identified ancestorgrant has been a carpenter as Michael Laub, who COPIES PHOTOGRAPHS inmigrated 1749 from Grotzingen, (no messy chemicals or powders) to Pennsylvania.Germany,

This has been a -long but interWRITE#CALLFREE DEMONSTRATIONS esting search. Nor is the end in

sight. A brief perusal of parish records in Germany indicates this PEMBROKE'S FINCH'S A. H. PEMBROKE

family line may be extended still IDAHO 213 No. 10th St. CO.

further. The spirit of Elijah has 228 First St. BOISE 333 So. 3rd East

rested upon many members of the IDAHO FALLS 3435435 SALT LAKE CITY

Laub family, even those not mem523-3549 3633861 bers of the Church.

EASTERN IDAHO IDAHO UTAH

OCTOBER 1965 919 These Times TOO MUCH...

(Continued from page 847) RICHARD L. EVANS

The United States has had some experience with guerrillatype warEpictetus left some words on a subject we should like for a moment to fare. In the Seven Years'War (the consider: "See children thrusting their hands into a narrownecked jar,"

French and Indian War) some he said, "and striving to pull out the nuts and figs it contains; if they

Americans, including a young Virfill the hand, they cannot pull it out again, and then they fall to tears.

ginian by the name of George 'Let go a few of them, and then you can draw out the rest!'"1 Further

Washington, learned that openfollowing his thought, we do sometimes fill ourselves too full. We often

formation British infantry intervencomplicate our lives with too much that is more or less meaningless and tion was futile. "Braddock's defeat"sometimes seem to acquire and accumulate for the sake of acquiring and

was a lesson well earned by accumulating. Possessions with a point and a purpose can be good, as

Washington. He applied it well they add to the enrichment of life. But sometimes we seem to overfrom 1776 to 1781 in the American complicate every process and procedure, even our play, our leisure. We

Revolution, in which American often work hard at playing and acquire equipment to the point where "guerrillas"defeated British land it becomes cumbersome and overload ourselves with the burden of mere armies. Yet outside help was necesthings, each of which takes time and attention, effort and energy. From

sary. Diplomatic help of sorts came seasoned travelers we well could learn a lesson. "Travel light. Get rid

from Russia, Holland, and Spain. of things,"2 one observer said. There is in a sense "a time for all things,"3

Direct military, naval, and ecoand our perspective changes. We go through periods when things matter

nomic aid came from the French. very much, when positions, honors, tangibles matter maybe too much.

Harried on land by organized and Then maturity moves in as our days diminish, and we begin to look at unorganized American forces supwhat we do with every hour, and at all pleasures and pursuits. We begin

plied by the French, menaced at to look at the impediments—the things that clutter, the things that take

sea by the French navy and Ameriour time, with an awareness that every possession takes time, as it must can privateers, the British finally be kept and cared for. There are many kinds of slavery, and slavery to

gave up the struggle. things is one kind. When we want too much, when we take too much,

What would have happened if when we eat too much, when we overload our lives, we would well

British public opinion had not perremember the words of Epictetus: that we cannot pull our hands out of

mitted the British government to a narrownecked jar when we have too much in them, when we hold discontinue the struggle? How long too much to more or less meaningless things simply for their own sakes.

would Washington, Francis Marion Epictetus, Discourses, Vol. II, ch. 9.

the "Swamp Fox,"and the rest have 2Celia3Eccles.C.3.Cole, "Bells Like Prayers,"Delineator, January 1936.continued to fight? What would

aidhave if French happened had presented Square, from "The Spoken Temple Word,"over KSL and the Columbianever been if it had come? What 1965. Broadcasting 18, 1965. Copyright System, July

withdrawn before the battles of

Saratoga or Yorktown? No one will

ever know.

The French aid was vital. The North Viet Nam ancl China. The may not be practical nor acceptFrench fleet under De Grasse "botViet Con?, thus supported, has able. However, one suggests itself,

tled"the British at Yorktown. penetrated South Viet Nam. Is should it develop that the South

Washington "sealed off"the pentnere a Washington in South Viet Viet Nam government is not really insula. Cornwallis was caught beNam who can rally at least a third capable of maintaining its territory

tween the guns of the French navy of his people as Washington did marked out bv the 1954 Geneva and Washington. He surrendered. and also keep an army in the field? agreement. That would be for the

The British cabinet fell. Their reThis would seem to be a desirable US policymakers to work for as

placements discontinued the war. element in the American effort to compact an area as possible which

Two years later, in 1783, the British maintain the independence of a South Viet Nam government can reluctantly recognized the indeSouth Viet Nam. If not a Washmaintain. Then divide the remainpendence of the United States. ington, is there a comparable culder into two or more states proOne key to the American success tural force, influence, or rallying tected and guaranteed by some

was Washington's stedfastness and point for South Viet Nam? If there international agreement yet to be

his ability to keep an army in the is not, history suggests that Ameriworked out, but perhaps with field, generally moving from place can policy, then, in South Viet British, Indian, Burmese, and other to place. So long as Washington's Nam, must be like Roman policy regional interests represented from

army was in the field, and not detwo thousand years ago: conquer, members of the United Nations.

stroyed, the British could not gain drive out the invader, then govern. The truce still maintained at Panthe victory. This has never been overseas munjom in Korea since 1953 is a

The French in the twentieth cenAmerican policy as a rule. constant reminder of the uneasy

tury could not retain their place Are there other alternatives? nature of such matters. But war

in Viet Nam. Now the Americans Only the foolish would say there and peace, in these times, are also

support the South Viet Nam govare no other alternatives. All of uneasy matters, as the President of

ernment in its efforts to retain them may not be open to the the United States will readily independence from intervention by United States government. Others admit.

920 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The Era of Youth

October 1965 Marion D. Hanks, Editor

Elaine Cannon, Assoc. Editor

"whatsoever ye do, do it heartily,..."[Col. 3:23}

...be a lively member...."[D&C 92:2]

in which to express the same truth.

Leaders are bound to lead. They cannot help it;

it is born in them. They will be greater or lesser

leaders according to their ability and their desire.

The happy thing about it all is that nearly everyone is a leader of someone else. One may lead another,

or ten others, or a hundred, or a thousand, or a city, or a state, or a nation; whichever one of these

he finally may prove to be able to do will be based on his inherent ability to lead. But what he will

do with his opportunity is based on one general principle applicable to each case. Can he obey truth?

7f? Dr.ManyEdwinyearsA. agoStarbuck of Iowa ofIt willmany.be trueLet usof aseeleaderhow ofit onecameor about.of a leader

University made a statement to a group of Boy Scout One of the great crises in the eternity of things executives. He was talking about leadership and took place many eons ago. God expounded the

about leaders. He said, "When God sends leaders principle to the great leaders of that day

into the world, he winds them up for the whole trip."men who were then spirits. Here is the story:

This startled most of those present, but there "And there stood one among them that was like unto were some who recognized the statement as a truth God, and he said unto those who were with him:

expressed by the Lord through Abraham many We will go down, for there is space there, and we centuries ago. will take of these materials, and we will make an

How did that come about? Abraham found such earth whereon these may dwell;

favor with the Lord that he received many revelations. "And we will prove them herewith, to see if they

He was a prophet and a leader. Among the great will do all things whatsoever the Lord their God

truths revealed to Abraham was one shall command them;..."(Ibid., 3:2425.)

concerning leadership. Having declared the principle against which he

"Now the Lord had shown unto me, Abraham, the intended to test everyone, God made promises to intelligences that were organized before the world those Who should succeed. (See ibid., 3:26.)

was; and among all these there were many of the Then came the test: "Whom shall I send?"It was a

noble and great ones; question fraught with great meaning.

"And God saw these souls that they were good, and "Send me,"said one, the Firstborn, much beloved.

he stood in the midst of them, and he said: "Send me,"said a second one.

These I will make my rulers; for he stood among Which one should go?

those that were spirits, and he saw that they The first was willing to go, act in the name of God, were good; and he said unto me: Abraham, thou and take no honor to himself.

art one of them; thou wast chosen before The second would go, coerce men into goodness,

thou wast born."(Abr. 3:2223.) take the glory to himself, and demand the right to

What Abraham learned by revelation Starbuck sit on the throne as God—replacing God.

learned by observation. Both used a different manner The first was chosen, and the second rebelled. There

NrelF 1 aber Be m lively member Lively Leadership Be m lively me

BY PRESIDENT S. DILWORTH YOUNG

922 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA are two statements in the Bible, one a sad statement of what took place, the other a lament over the sad event.

John saw it in vision and wrote:

"And there was war in heaven: Michael and his In that day there were two leaders: One was pledged

angels fought against the dragon; and the to be obedient to the plan and designs of his

dragon fought and his angels, Father; the other was determined to defeat those

"And prevailed not; neither was their place found plans. Twothirds of those who heard followed the

any more in heaven. first. Onethird followed the second. The first group

"And the great dragon was cast out, that old serpent, was granted the right to earn its way into the called the Devil, and Satan which deceiveth the presence of God. The second was cast out forever.

You are of the first group. You came to the earth.

Whatever your ability to lead, whether one or a multitude, you will have to decide whether to be a good, lively, brisk, animated leader for truth and good or to throw it all away and lead toward evil.

That agency to choose is still with us.

No man ever was a good leader until he proved he could obey his own leaders. The Lord Jesus Christ

followed explicitly and exactly the commandments of God, his Father. Abraham was given a great

test to see if he would obey "... all things

whatsoever the Lord their God should command...."

(Abraham 3:25.) He was told to offer Isaac as a

sacrifice. He obeyed, and the Lord accepted the

offering but spared Isaac. Each leader will be

tested as to whom he will obey and whom he will not.

The test then of a lively leader is obedience.

Whom does he obey? Those he should, in

righteousness, are:

whole world: he was cast out into the earth, His parents first, then

and his angels were cast out with him."(Rev. 12:7-9.) his school and governmental leaders, and

Isaiah saw the same event and, being a poet, with his ward and stake and church leaders.

sorrow wrote this lament: These, if leading in righteousness, will enlarge the

"How art thou fallen from heaven, Lucifer, son of obedient follower. In his turn, having been obedient,

the morning! how art thou cut down to the each will know how to be a good, lively leader.

ground, which didst weaken the nations! No one escapes the opportunity to be obedient to

"For thou hast said in thine heart, I will ascend into the laws of God and to the leaders who administer heaven, I will exalt my throne above the stars of God: these laws. Having passed this great test, there is

I will sit also upon the mount of the congregation, no limit to what great things are in store for in the sides of the north: a young man or a young woman.

"I will ascend above the heights of the Then one becomes indeed a lively leader, leading clouds; I will be like the most High. his one, his ten, his hundred, his thousand, his

"Yet thou shalt be brought down to hell, to multitude toward the light of Jesus Christ, the sides of the pit."(Isa. 14:1215.) our great and responsible leader.

mber 11 b lively nfnlitf Be a lively member Re it lively member B

OCTOBER 1965 923 is for aims, is classes, for for dramavN is assignments. for bishopcrafts, jf camptics, dancing, g advisers, rics, boards,

I j ing, choruses, duties, develMis assistance, Beehive V \. -J girls, I challenges, opment, J V 'activities, baseball, \ devotion, M ceremonies, athletics, basketball, championdoctrine, and..H achievements, awards, barbecues, ships, chaperones, they are a part of MIA. advancements, and they banquets, and they are a committees, counselors, are a part of MIA. part of MIA. and they are a part

of MIA.

is for insuris for June is for kindness is for Laurels, ance, instrucconference and knowlleaders, tion, interest, and for joy, edge, and lessons, individual and they are they are a laughter,, awards, inter- a part of part of love, and stake activities, MIA. MIA. they are a

improvement, ideals, inpart of MIA.

spiration, and they are a part of MIA.

L

* 8 for regions, is is for superinfor teachers, S"r'\ is for quar- S reports, training, tendencies, S% QL Q J ""nJ terly conferrecords, supervisors, teams, tournafor ences and I )CI I road shows, I trips, secretaries, j (yments,[ quote: "MIA r activities, I j recreation, stake I talents, themes,

is the one of refreshments, ""—""V* theology, surveys,

greatest youth requirements, reverence, tithing, testimonies, and Scouts, sports, speech, organizations in the they are a and part are a part of MIA. skits, songfests, stanthey world!"of MIA.

dards, selfsacrifice, sincerity, spirituality, and they are a part of MIA.

L

Be a lively member of MIA BY JOYCE O. EVANS

924 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA is for etiquette, is for fun,!s for Gleaners, is for hiking,

enthusiasm, friendships, Golden Gleanhealth, honors, evaluation festivals, firegames, happiness, meetings, sides, faith, golf tournaarmony, enjoyment, and they are ments, Gold nd they are and they are a part of MIA. and Green a part of MIA.

a part of MIA. Balls, genealogy, goals,

guidance, and they are part of MIA.

is for meetings, is for parents, music, mod- j\ \ presidencies, esty, manners, ( | [plans, prepaMIA Maids, VJ rations, participation, Men,,M1 procedures, Master M Men,}

Mutual Study, and they policies, picnics, are a part of MIA. pageants, progress,

prayers, priesthood, anc they are a part of MIA.

i. -. y uMifc is for weekly, is for xplorers in—y—m is for unis for values,

i xecutives, selfishness, volleyball, N O xperience, \ understandvacations, V V)V /work,T ward wisdom,events ing, unity, \ / variety, warmth, xercise, ingness, xhileration, are versatility, they and \ J xcellence, MIA, of vitality, virtue, wholesome- a part and they are a part of ness, Word of Wisdom, xultation. xaltation, and

MIA. worship, and they are a they are a part of MIA.

part of MIA.

j is for Zyzzoge is for young ton, which is men, young the last word women, Young | in the Marrieds, I dictionary youth conland you'll be ferences, you, "the last word"if and they are a part of vou are

MIA. A PART OF MIA.

i!:,:::.;:.:.;:; WmmSm mmmSm

OCTOBER 1965 Motivation—that's a good word.

It's an alive word.—motion—the urge to be doing. It means movement It stands for the reason behind the doing—the why.

The best motivation is love—love for our Heavenly

Father, love for all his children. That sounds pretty

idealistic, doesn't it? But it's easy to accomplish.

You just start at home by seeing the good things your family members do for you, by seeing their

It's wonderful to be alive! Really alive! To havethat *feeling of excitement and zest that makes you

look around with sparkling eyes for the new and the interesting, that enthusiasm that keeps you interested and energetic.

When a person, no matter his age, brings this wonderful aliveness into an activity, an organization, good qualities, by mentioning these qualities he makes others enthusiastic; he gets things done; occasionally, by doing good things for them.

and he enjoys the doing. Then you can move out into the neighborhood and

What a blessing to work with someone like this! act the same way for your friends. Pretty soon

But how did he get that way? What does it take to you'll find yourself filled with that good feeling of

give'a person this alive feeling? love and enthusiasm.

:: Be a lively member

BY JOY F. CRACROFT

926 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA dress, riding, any activity you can think of is drudgery if you're not alive in it. Work simply means

exerting effort to do some purposeful activity.

Nothing can compare with the feeling of friendship,

Another good word is participation. It means action, love, satisfaction, and real enjoyment a person gets

taking part, being a doer. It's surprising how while participating in a work project.

quickly we feel alive when we start doing. You can laugh and talk and share ideas, and you

Now let's talk about work. This is a very good way get the feeling of doing something of value.

is the key to being alive. Participate in to practise those two words—motivation and So this

participation. "Work,"you say, "who needs work?"purposeful activities. Do them for love of your

Basketball and tennis are drudgery if you're not Heavenly Father, your friends, and for enthusiastic. Dancing, skiing, shopping for a new the sheer joy of accomplishment.

*iKljr inesiiliei? Be ft lively n ffni? lie m lively ttieiiiiiep * lie n livi

OCTOBER 1965 927 Editor's note: What do you do if you are offered

a drink in the parking lot at school, after the dance, at the drivein, or at a party? It would be better

not to be in such difficult situations, but there are times when it seems unavoidable. Such experiences

are only a step away from the ubiquitous "social hour"occasions which many of you will be facing in school, business, professional, and social situations just ahead. Dr. G. Homer Durham,

a successful, experienced member of the Church, now President of Arizona State University, gives youth the benefit of his wisdom about being in the world but not of it.

This is the second in a series.'

you,"when the host, hostess, maid, butler, or friend comes to you with his invitation to indulge.

I, along with every prominent church member

I know, am a veteran of dozens of such occasions.

They have nevergiven me trouble. I have always

found others like myself and have never been alone or uncomfortable. Gracious, intelligent people

understand and respect individual differences.

If you ever find yourself in company where your differences are not respected, you are in the wrong company and had better find other associations.

'One of the first things a successful man or woman with our church standards has to learn, if he wants to maintain his personal standards, is to say, politely, "No."You are not alone. Others have

their standards. The best people respect their own

standards and allow all others the same privilege.

I have learned this many times over, in Salt Lake

The"reception"and the City, in London, Washington, New York, Phoenix, cocktail party, as they did San Francisco, Denver, Los Angeles, and everywhere in the ancient world, to a measure dominate the my responsibilities have taken me. When these *

social life of man in today's world. Meetings of same friends and associates come to my home, they

business leaders, medical men, lawyers, educators, know what to expect and what not to expect.

nearly every important dinner outside the Church They respect my standards.

smaller, works in homes, at hotels, elsewhere—are Faith, mustardseed size or even

characterized by them. wonders in every circumstance. The personal

How do the abstainers survive, prosper? (For, standards upheld by the Church have been

believe me, they do.) Simply by saying, "No, thank timetested. Have faith in them. You will prosper.

1tiber lie a lively member Living In tbe world -* % lively member

BY G. HOMER DURHAM

928 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Ordinarily the weather is something you can do nothing about; you can only adjust to it. But the *

climate of the home is different from ordinary weather. Most young men and women dream of

having a home of their own some day with a climate which is always sunny, fair, and warm. This is a other hand if it is a blustery and stormy home

beautiful and worthy dream with possibilities of you should ask yourself a few more questions:

fulfilment. But it doesn't happen all by itself; you Do I aggravate the stormy condition; do my actions

have to do something to bring it about. If you contribute to it? Is it possible that the climate

don't the forecast for your dream home will include improves when I am away from home?

some stormy, disagreeable weather with fog and You are not the first to dream that the climate in your sleet. Begin now to plan and work carefully; home of the future would be perfect. Your parents

then your dream home, when it materializes, can had the same dream when they were your age.

have a most delightful, enviable atmosphere. Pretend for a moment that you are your parent.

How to begin? Ask yourself some questions: How would you handle the situation in your home

What kind of climate prevails in the home I live in with a child who acted the way you do? If you

now? Is it usually clear and warm, or do we run could honestly express sincere appreciation to that

into squalls accompanied by freezing weather child for a cheerful, cooperative home attitude, thunder and lightning storms followed by you are safe in forecasting a pleasant climate for your menacing quiet? own dream home.

If you are living in a cooperative, happy home now, You can change a forecast you don't like if you the forecast is sunny skies ahead for you. On the begin now. It is a fascinating experiment involved

Be a lively member Be a lively member Be a lively family member Ms

BY ARTA M. HALE

OCTOBER 1965 929 So, you have been asked to give a talk.

Congratulations!

Before giving your talk, keep two things in mind. #are very important. They

1. If you want to communicate, be sure that what

you communicate is worth the time spent doing it.

2. Communicate with spirit.

Easy? For some it will be, but for others it will

be harder.

There are problems which we cannot wink at or take lightly.

One of the most difficult obstacles is to overcome fear. Can you remember the first twoand-onehalf-

minute talk you gave? For some it is a hurdle

with discovering what influence you have on the difficult to maneuver, but for others it is less climate in your home and exhausting the possibilities difficult. Some people, by virtue of a natural tendency

of changing it. Your experiment is not concerned toward extroversion, sparkle and glow and spread

with reforming. the other members of your family; cheer whenever and wherever they have an occasion

you work exclusively with yourself. Your procedure is to speak. If you are not this type of person,

not complicated but requires persistent accept yourself for what you are and do the best you determination. It consists of thinking of the needs can with what you have. Notwithstanding this

and the welfare of other members of the family and natural qualification in some people, everyone can acting accordingly instead of considering only speak who has the vocal apparatus intact.

your own needs and wishes. It will be necessary for The initial fear is overcome considerably by

you to consult often with the expert in home continued practice. Every time we speak before an

climates, who is, of course, your Eternal Father. audience, we learn control over this initial and

If you seriously carry out this experiment, you will be natural fear.

amazed and delighted with the results! There is no time or occasion when communication

rely member Be a lively memliet 1 Be a lively memlier Be a lively mem

930 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA is not enhanced by a spirited delivery. The life

of the sentence is in the spirit with which it is uttered. This does not mean that we must

put on a show. We do not have to practise overt

gestures; this would be in bad taste.

in such different ways! It can come forth with

crispness and life, so that we empathically breathe in its nature and are refreshed by its meaning, by virtue of its sound. Or it can mumble forth with

bare life to drop nearly dead before us, leaving us to wonder what made it last so long.

You will feel your strength behind that speaker's rostrum, in church, in various meetings. If

But, on the other hand, how often have we been you are blessed with the power of speech, you bored to tears, moved to leave the hall, irritated to will feel the great strength of your position.

the point of negativism, by a speaker who You will mold opinions and change perspectives. You

approaches his task with lifelessness and in a will heal minds and purify hearts. You will

halting, slurred, inarticulate manner? Words, words, help raise standards of goodness wherever your voice

words can multiply endlessly and monotonously is heard and the message delivered. You will

by virtue of the lack of spirit. The phrase discover soon your gift of speech. Cherish it and use

"The glory of God is intelligence"can be uttered it with gladness. Be a lively member—and speaker!

Be a lively speaker a lively i * 1

BY REX CAMPBELL

OCTOBER 1965 931 Honestly now, does the thought of hoeing beets on a welfare farm just thrill you and make you jump with joy? Doesn't me, either—but a letter from a

sixteenyear-old girl to her missionary brother has given me a little different look at the experience.

Dear Matt,

How is your work in the mission field going?

Things at home are wonderful.

I wouldn't admit this to everyone, but one of the most fun times I have had in a long time was the other day doing some church work. We got

up about 5 am and went to the stake farm to thin beets.

You remember Jane down the street. Well,

when she heard about the assignment to go work on the farm, she said she didn't think she wanted to I guess you'd say that I was somewhat of an expert.

go, and by the time Saturday came, she had a Linda said that the beets were easier to get good excuse not to go. out than the weeds, and she hoped she had left

The rest of us met at the ward at 5:30. We had enough of the crop behind. Robert said that it might

been told to bring our hoes. I had never used one be a fortunate thing for the crops that she was

before, but by 6:30 I knew how, and by 7:30 a slow worker.

r member Alive [early!] on the farm Be a 1 ly member Be

BY BISHOP GLEN L. RUDD

932 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA had been there to hear. Maybe I can talk her

into going with us next time we have an assignment.

I think it's a wonderful Church, and I'm surely glad to be able to take part.

Keep up your good work, and write to me

With the laughing and talking and yelling that was when you have time.

going on, it's a miracle that any work got done. Love,

It did, though. We finished up by lunch time. Barbara

There was really a gang of us there, about 500 men, Young people, take advantage of every work women, and teenagers. The Relief Society opportunity that comes your way. It may change

had sandwiches and punch for us, and then your life. It surely will benefit you and others greatly.

we all came home. Let your stake welfare project help you be a

That night as we were talking about the fun lively member of the Church.

we had and teasing each other, Jane looked sort of left out. She said she didn't care, but I could

tell that she felt a little funny. I really felt sorry for

her being left out of the fun. I think she could

have come if she had tried. I learned one thing,

and that is that it's more fun to take part than to be left out. It makes you feel more alive

and important. One night the telephone rang,

I hadn't thought too much about the welfare program and Cal Robinson, I was the*youth missionary supervisor in our stake, asked before, but when I got home from the farm, curious to know just what it was all about if I would be on the youth missionary committee.

I thought and why we needed to be out hoeing beets. I reluctantly accepted. Like some people,

all first of myself. I thought of the extra meetings I Dad told me a little about it—how we are

I possibly supposed to be working together to produce the would have to attend and the breakfasts

I things needed for the storehouse program, would have to forego. However, an experience

that is, putting things away so that those who had while a group of students were decorating for a

I had had before. have troubles and need help can receive the things dance eliminated all reservations

they need. When he got through explaining it all The topic of religion came up between another

to me, I felt better than ever. I was wishing that Jane person in the youth missionary program, two fellow

- m Be a lively member Be a lively youth missionarya lively member

BY RICHARD T. JACKSON, AGE 18

OCTOBER 1965 933 athletes not members of the Church, and myself.

We discussed the basic differences between our beliefs. We also talked about the Book of Mormon and

the fact that things which Joseph Smith had translated in this book about the early American people were now being discovered.

I suddenly realized that the things we were talking about had to be true. I had a marvelous, inexpressible

feeling. This glorious feeling came through the

realization that what I believed was an actual fact.

For the first time in my life, I knew that all the things I had been told since I was a child were true.

That night we asked the two boys if they would like to see the film "Man's Search for Happiness,"shown at the Mormon Pavilion at the World's Fair.

They both said, "Yes."The film was excellent,

and afterward we asked them if they wanted to come back and learn more. One of the boys said, "Yes."

The other said, "No."However, he thanked us

for the interest we had taken in him. We continued

the first discussion for the boy who was interested.

We talked about the organization, of the Church in Christ's time and how closely our Church Jesus said, "Let your light so shine before men, compares to it. The spirit of the gospel was felt that they may see your good works, and glorify

by everyone in the room. Afterward, while we walked your Father which is in heaven."(Matt. 5:16.)

back to the car, he turned to me and said, Today President McKay has stressed again the "You know, it really makes you think doesn't it?"importance of letting our light shine before men.

This was a far greater happiness than the happiness He has asked that every member be a missionary.

or selfcomfort I thought I would miss that first I would like to reiterate this challenge to the lively member night when I was asked, "Will you be on young people of the Church—be a

our youth missionary committee?"of our youth missionary program.

ie a lively inenifeer* Be a lively member Be a lively member*Be a lively m

934 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA When we young people hear the word priesthood, "the power to act in the name of and in behalf of*God,"we seldom realize that it is for living and not only for blessing the Sacrament or preparing it, and that it is extra "spirit"for us youth.

Not only to aid:

David 0. McKay to lead the Church

and the authorities of the Church to carry out God's will and the bishop to run the ward and the quorum adviser to teach us and set the example and the home teachers to help us with our problems and our dads to heal the sick, but for us to use as youth to live successfully when young!

Just think, we have the power of an Aaron and a tense moments when they seem so compelling.

John thje Baptist conferred upon us when we are If we exercise the priesthood and call on its power, twelve! And we can gain the power of a Moses, an we can have the courage to say "no"to that

Elijah, a Nephi. But being a priesthood bearer, we guzzle of beer, that draw on the cigaret, the urge of

must be worthy of it. We must be clean in body, the crowd to speed, steal, cheat, or be destructive.

mind, and mouth. We must be obedient to the With God on our side who cares if Johnny isn't

scriptures, laws, and commandments. We must be at the moment? (Thomas Jefferson said, "Do what

strong in church, with family, with friends, and you know to be right, and all will work out.")

in ideals. And most important, we must be active, We as priesthood bearers can ask for the power

active in play, work, and the priesthood. To be a to withstand habits of environment when away

top priesthood bearer, we must honor it, and the from home: of swearing and telling nasty stories,

best way to honor it when we are worthy to hold it acting crude, and sluffing on work.

is to use it and accept its responsibilities. Yes, it's We have added wisdom in solving the problems of

for healing the sick and performing ordinances, and being young. It is surprising how a little fasting and

for the leaders of our religion to guide the praying and honoring our priesthood can bring affairs of the Church. But it is also for young men wisdom into the solutions of our problems—or of

in living and coping with life. This is what we sharing with a friend a bit of advice.

have that the girls will look up to. The girls look All these can be the qualities and blessings of a

for leadership, and we can provide them with it. priesthood bearer if he lives right before the Lord.

For we have the keys to a superior experience So let's be aware of the priesthood and not be here on earth. It can give us, if we use it, added frightened to use it. Let's make it an everyday tool

strength on date night. We can call on the power of and not just a Sunday habit. Let's awaken to its

God through the priesthood to help us avoid meaning and its power and the added spirit and resist the temptations of the flesh in those that it can bring into our souls.

ember *Bs a lively member Be a lively Priesthood bearer

BY SCOTT ANDERSON. AGE 18

OCTOBER 196S 935 The Last Word

'S-'"i - ft- O %J It seems that every year it takes flfar to fly across less the time ocean m o to drive to work. longer and

The best medicine for our own A life that only marks time, sorrows is the effort to heal the that does not march forward, sorrows of someone else. Howcannot be a victorious life. The

ever heavy our personal trials may more battles won, the more vicbe, we shail forget our quarrel torious the forward movement.

with life and with God if we If a man gains but an inch a day will give ourselves steadily to the against temptation and privaendeavor to make life brighter tion, he is a growing, conquering and fuller of comfort and blessdisciple. The man who stands

is a useless halfdefeated one. ing to others.—Philip Moxom still

You can't plow a field by merely turning it over in your mind.

.-.:>,,.::

Two Indians watched the white man building a lighthouse. One night after it was completed, the Indians took up their accustomed

stations as a thick fog started to roll in.

Said one Indian to the other, "Light shine, bell ring, horn blow, but fog come in just the same."

Happy is the man that findeth wisdom, and the man that getteth understanding.

For the merchandise of it is better than the merchandise of silver, and the gain thereof than fine gold.—Proverbs 3:1314

We would willingly have othPhysical strength is measured by ers perfect, and yet we would what one can carry; spiritual, by

not amend our own faults. what one can bear.—Ivan Panin

Modern idea of roughing it: DrivIt is sad to see so many young fellows wasting a car with a standard shift. ing their money and not be able to help them.

936 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

w&mmi/'IpW

*.1 R F E C T S I f 1 T * * *

fynjjilyj If you have need for extra money—

k{uW KETTLEFRESH CANDIES PECcans chocolate* caramel, The fastest easiest way to raise funds

The distinctive "home made"goodness of Kathryn Beich Candy is legendary. Millions of women have bought these confections... to

support a thousand different church, school, club projects. And

always there is this pleasant discovery: The candy is as good as the

cause... unmatched, rareflavored Kathryn Beich Candy.

There's a special reason why this candy is so good. It's an oldfash-

ioned candy. The recipes are treasured heirlooms from kitchens of

long ago. The products never vary because they are specially packed

in hermetically sealed tins that "hold"the kitchen freshness.

"lmonds"If your group has need to raise funds, try the Kathryn Beich plan.

Ihocolate You'll be twice rewarded by bringing together your favorite "cause"and one of America's favorite candies.

Continental United States Only

JteCrtoom We are interested Scares plan.in yourPleasemoneysendmakingme

DEPT. 3P4 free catalog with

BL00MINGT0N, ILLINOIS 61701 complete details.

FREE

twentypass, full color

raising. dignified fund Without $1000 or MoreRaise $50 to planning guide to easy, Any Investment.

..State Zipcopy, mail For your Candies. Eleven Choose From today. coupon

Second Class Postage Paid at Salt Lake City, Utah

The lights burn long... as your children try to keep pace with the new knowledge of the world in

which they live. They are studying in junior high and high school much of the material we first encountered in college... and in college and graduate work they will go far beyond the arts and sciences you

were taught. Are the financial plans for your children's future keeping pace with your hopes and dreams

for their education and careers? Their opportunity is assured when your life insurance is

Beneficial. Beneficial Life 47 west south temple salt lake city, utah virgil h. smith, president