Masterpiece

MRS. C. R. KNOWLES

Was the Earth Created in Six Days? By DR. F. J. PACK

AN OCTOBER SCENE

* gft.i.'jfrM Ijfrm!>* *m <*'

A Citadel of Good Service An anniversary is but a milestone—it may mark a year or a century. We have milestones behind us... each represents uninterrupted service to our customers and to

the community. The loyalty of our customers helped us to build our citadel of Good

Service. Our interests have been mutual... and no man nor institution may build on

a more solid foundation than that.

Z. C. M. I. Organized 1868 Wm. L. Walker, General Manager

Value Plus! That's What You Get In

Mountaineer Overalls and Work Suits

EQUIPPED WITH Stop=Loss Pockets

Ask your dealer to let you examine these remarkable garments. Note the

quality of the material, the triplestitched seams, the wide, roomy cut of seat and legs. Look for the bartacking that guards every point of

strain.

Now test the StopLoss Pockets! Prove to yourselfout—thatthat nothingyourwatch,can fall

tools, coins, etc., are safe

from accidental loss.

Then you'll have a fair idea of the superiority of Mountaineer Overalls give you and Work Suits—which

longer wear, greater comfort and more satisfaction than any you've ever worn.

Z. C. M. I. was given an award of "Merit,"the

highest award given at the International Association of Garment Manufacturers'Exposition held in

Chicago, May 20. 1930,"on Z. C. M. I. Overalls

and Work Clothes, the entire Mountaineer Line.

Made in Salt Lake City by

Z. C. M. I. Clothing Factory

I 'The Improvement Era for October, 1930 785

pbmGAi Remarkable FirstYear Record

In the one short year since Natural Gas was business buildings and manufacturing esmade available to Utah homes and industablishments..,not only bringing utmost

tries, this ultramodern fuel has enjoyed a convenience and surprising economy, but altruly marvelous reception. so making for a smokefree, more healthful

atmosphere.

It is now being used in three of Utah's gigantic smelters, supplying clean, controlAnd in househeating, the use of gas has lable heat in tremendous quantities for huge increased 950% during the past twelve smelting operations in the world's largest months, the first year of Natural Gas in nonferrous smelting center. Utah. Could anything more clearly and conclusively show that Natural Gas is what

It is used in scores of apartment houses, modern people want?

Call in at your nearest Natural Gas office and find out just how inexpensively you can enjoy this superfuel for cooking, waterheating, automatic refrigeration and automatic househeating.

OC2EN 6- CO.UTAH 6AS \ COKE CO. GAS WASATCH

1NO TQr* Serving f Salt Serving City Lake KAVSVILLEKAftMCFwTEflViLLe/ FARMINGTON KAYSVILLE LAYTON GARFIELD

CENTERVILLE LAKE CITV BOUNTIFUL MAGNA *TSALTiMuOflAYOGDEN 6AS COMPANY TOOElE4 MT0VAL.* SAnOy MURRAY TOOELE GARFIELD

Serving Ogden MIDVALE SANDY MORGAN 786 The Improvement Era for October, 1930

es last

r o n g e when they're wa shea in a.HAAG is even doubt, it will pay HANDRUBBING harder on clothes than on the cost of the the hands. Before long, this conwasher. And think

stant friction of fabric against metal of the labor and long hours it saves, produces worn spots. But when too—strength and time for other

clothes are washed in a Haag, they more enjoyable tasks. The Haag 75

require no handrubbing, boiling, or (illustrated) has all the newest feasoaking. Even badly soiled worktures even to the latemodel wringer

shirts and overalls are thoroughly with balloontype rolls of soft rubber.

clean. Blankets are fluffy and soft; Available either with 4-cycle Briggs

and the Haag safety agitator protects & Stratton gasoline engine or H.P.

dainty lingerie from injury. General Electric motor.

Just imagine the saving in clothes, Arrange to see it soon—today, If

when you own a Haag. In time, no possible.

Mountain States Implement Co.

159 23rd ST., OGDEN, UTAH

DEALERS THROUGHOUT UTAH AND IDAHO

V O R T EX

The Improvement Era for October, 1930 787

ECAST

page? the poetry read youT)0 The Improvemeet Era contribuis receiving Era The

tions for this department from all Melvin J. Ballard Clarissa A. Beesley

parts of the United States as well Business Manager Associate Business Manager as many from Canada. Naturally George Q. Morris

this gives the editors a wide variety Rachel Grant Taylor from which to choose, and, deChairmen Finance and Publications lightful as this department has been in the past, there will be a Organ of the Priesthood Quorums, the Mutual Improvement constant improvement. Associations and the Department of Education of the Church

of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints

COREIGN LECTURERS"is article title a splendid by of-* the CONTENTS tal- J. Goodspeed. ThisDr. Edgar Title Page

ented gentleman spent some time in Editorial

Utah lecturing at the B. Y. U. sumHas It a Meaning? * Hugh J. Cannon 789

mer school. Usually Dr. Goodspeed The Art of Leadership = Elsie T, Brandley 789

contrihis for large is a paid J. 790 Unexpected Honesty Cannon Hugh

large, tobutions magazines—soprice J. Reading Habit 790 Cannon The Hugh hope not could the Era thatindeed,

J. Opportunities Great 790 Cannon Hugh Two

its anything readers with favor to at 791 Guest the Whitehouse Mrs. Talks Reed Smoot the A of because his but pen;from

, Masterpiece 793 Mrs. C. R. Knowles

this in comtaken hasinterest he

Poetry 795 secure able to been have wemunity Trivial Christensen Alberta Huish this manuscript as well as a promMemories Gladys Hendrickson ise of future contributions. Silver Gleams Linnie Fisher Robinson

Raindrops Grace Ingles Frost Pastoral,, Joseph Heber Smart

XSlT ITH scarcely less interest than Roof Tiles From Spain Grace McKinstry "that manifested by the Jews Wish. Ardyth N. Kennelly

themselves, the Latterday Saints Neighbor Ann, A Story Jessie Miller Robinson 796 have looked expectantly upon the Canada and the Church Centennial Frank C. Steele 798

recent developments going on in A Spiritual Philosophy of Life, Chapter XI Dean Milton Bennion 801 the Holy Land. Dr. Franklin S. Was the Earth Created in Six Days of Twentyfour Hours Each

Harris, president of the Brigham Dr. Frederick J, Pack 804

Young University, has furnished Expatriation. A Story.., Hugh J. Cannon 806

the Era with an article under the Joseph Smith, A Modern American Prophet, Chapter IV title of "Critical Days in Palestine"John Henry Evans 808 which is sure to be read with inTheology and Evolution P. Joseph Jensen 810

terest. With it will appear pictures White Hyacinths To Feed the Soul Elsie C. Carroll 812

taken by the doctor himself, of What Book? Harrison R. Merrill 815

places which every Christian has PriesthoodQuorums longed to see. To All Stake Presidencies and Ward Bishoprics 816

Uniform Sunday Lessons. 816

Older Inactive Men Bearing Aaronic Priesthood 817

HP HE scholarly series by Dean Field Notes.. 8 1

Spiritual Bennion, * Milton "A, Priesthood Vista 817 Ward Mar is the nearing Life,"of Philosophy Mutual Work gift of the has author end. The Executive Department 820 not does but stimulating thought

. Department 822 Adult reader. All superficial the for write

Girls Gleaner Department 823 statehis over pondered have who, Girls Department Junior 824 to profit so with done have ments

Girls Department Hive 826 Bee—themselves.

Grandmother Brown's Hundred Years,....Reviewed by Ann M. Cannon 828

Foods for Health Adah R. Naylor 831

elseannounced has been A S Hallowed Season 841 -**- out- a large where, number of standing writers have been secured for the coming volume. People AcceptanceEnteredforatmailingthe Postat Office,special Saltrate Lakeof postageCity, providedUtah, as forsecondclassin sectionmatter.1103

nationally known as well as local Act of October, 1917, authorized July 2, 1918.

writers will contribute articles Manuscripts submitted without the statement, "At usual rates,"are conwhich will give Era readers matesidered free contributions. Photographs, unless their return is especially

rial pleasing to the Boy Scout and requested, will be destroyd.

BeeHive Girl and not less so to the Published monthly at Salt Lake City by the M. I. A. General Boards;

experienced high priest and the $2 per annum. Address: Room 406 Church Office Building.

aged mother.

788 The Improvement Era for October, 1930

The Brick Man says:—

"Now is the time to become a participant in the earnings of one of Utah's thriving industries!"

You are invited to investigate thoroughly the advantages to be had through the purchase of

Salt Lake Pressed Brick Company First Cumulative l l/2 %

Preferred Stock.

The substantial property backing and other certain securities supporting this stock together with the rate of interest, (7 T/2 %), make it both desirable and highly advantageous as an investment.

An inquiry will bring you complete details.

THE SALT LAKE

PRESSED BRICK CO.

19 Kearns Building Salt Lake City, Utah

Phone Was. 951

m m> Has it a Meaning? thatand vividsummerdescriptionis near seemsof thatsignificantwhich today.should Afollowterse

the preaching of the Gospel by elders of this Church (CHINESE ruined, stockguns killedshell U.by S.hotgunboat;"wave;""Quake"Crops is88 foundof theinDoctrinea modernandrevelationCovenants.recordedThe intestimonySection

kills 500 on shore of Caspian;""Typhoon floods referred to has now been given the world one hun13,000 buildings;""New eruption puts Italian city dred years:

in panic;""RussoTurkestan, India and Tokio "And after your testimony cometh wrath and indignation

stricken;""Swarms of moths put Italian city in total upon the people. For after your testimony cometh the testimony

darkness;""Reds execute 2000 in Chinese city."of earthquakes, that shall cause groanings in the midst of her, and

Even casual readers of the daily papers will recogmenAnd shallalso fallcomethuponthethetestimonyground andof shallthe voicenot beofablethunderings,to stand.

nize in the foregoing quotations a few headlines of and the voice of lightnings, and the voice of tempests, and the recent date. These disasters have been pandemic. voice of the waves of the sea heaving themselves beyond their

all in surely, shall be things and bounds. commotion; And calamity, the heels one appalling ofTrailing upon

fail shall fear shall all people.; for hearts come upon men's them Floods follows. worse, or even just as bad,another fly shall crying heaven, the of with midst through And angels

and drouth, extreme heat or unseasonable cold, volloud voice, sounding the trump of God, saying: Prepare ye,a

canoes and earthquakes, pests of various kinds, all prepare ye, O inhabitants of the earth; for the judgment of our

have contributed to casualties which have taken enorGod is come. Behold, and lo, the Bridegroom cometh, go ye

mous numbers of human lives and have destroyed out to meet him."

property amounting to untold millions. One is beIn another revelation found in Section 45, the

wildered by the frequency of these occurrences. Lord"Andsays:then they shall look for me, and, behold, I will come;

To add to the havoc of turbulent elements, men and they shall see me in the clouds of heaven, clothed with themselves are in a paroxysm of unrest and fear. The power and great glory, with all the holy angels; and he that

off. before the of for cut the watches not shall be arm But me is over spreading China, the most pop- "red terror"

fall, shall his shall the saints trump, an angel sound and Lord of Ghandi's the world. in movement nationulous shall to slept forth in the cloud. that have meet come Whereme

"unarmed resistance"in India, the second largest fore, if ye have slept in peace blessed are you; for as you now

country in the world In point of population, is causbehold me and know that I am, even so shall ye come unto me ing England, and indeed all other nations, grave conand your souls shall live, and your redemption shall be percern; for modern inventions have brought the world offected;the earth."and the H.saintsJ. C.shall come forth from the four quarters

into such close relationship that a delicate situation in one country can not fail to affect all civilized lands.

There has been serious mutiny in Egypt. Italy and

France are ready to fly at each others'throats; revoseveral of the in South American lution is seething The Art of Leadership Russia's is viewing countries; world whole and the

activities with grave distrust. 'T'O be an artist who works with colored pigments,

Complicated business conditions, for the exact cause blending blue and white into the softness of the of which no two analysts give the same reason; the summer sky, and transmuting paints into the gleam

alarming number of men out of employment and the of sunshine on snow or the shadowy reflection of trees consequent suffering in families; strikes and the inin limpid pool; to be a sculptor who fashions inanicrease in lawlessness make the thoughtful person wonmate lumps of clay into the likeness of a bird or

der what the end will be. a nymph or the President of the United States; to be

What does all this portend? Are these things dan- a musician who reaches out into the realm of melody

ger signals which should not be disregarded? with sensitive antennae to find and capture soulstir-

It has always been the policy of this magazine to ring harmony and rhythm; to be an engineer who

a speak in sanguine terms—to establish hope and confiholds in the grip of strong hands the control of

dence. It stands for a Gospel of cheerfulness and pulsating, powerful machine and causes it to respond

peace. There are times, however, when, confronted to his touch—all these are great callings charged with

by a condition and not by a theory, it is necessary responsibility and fraught with immeasurable potento call attention to our situation, though the truth tialitiy for achievement. They call for determinamay be unpalatable. We believe that this is a day of tion, ability, vision and capacity for work, and in the

warning and not a day of many words. development of such qualities lies growth.

The well known illustration which trie Master To many people, lack of such artistic talent means gave of the fig tree putting forth its leaves as a sign lack of opportunity to live life at its fullest and best, 790 The Improvement Era for October, 1930

while to many others has come and will continue to come the realization that there are fields on every hand The Reading Habit which require consummate artistry to cultivate. One

the old bent man, with weight of many leadership leadership—the

said event that of -A SWEETyears, once important the most the qualifications and ofyouth—andthese fieldshereinis thatareof needed

powers of the masters of all the fine arts. The artistin his eventful life was the reading, as a small boy, of

power to blend must find and harmonize in an imChrist's words, "Blessed are the pure in heart for they pressionable character blue pessimism, white decency, shall see God."

yellow unworthiness, red courage and many other This man read wisely and thoughtfully.

hues which must dwell together in one soul, and try Our prisons are full of men, and frequently some to eradicate the streaks which spoil the beauty of the of them are led to the gallows, who might trace their whole. The sculptorpower to mould must function downfall to the reading of some lurid or filthy tale.

when truthfulness needs reinforcing, when generosity Possibly they read thoughtfully, but certainly not requires bolstering, when laziness demands prodding, wisely.

and when lumps of stubbornness, irresponsibility and The world is full of good books. Public libraries,

antagonism must be kneaded away. The musicianand often those privately owned, are open to him

sense of rhythm, and the understanding of counterwho thirsts for knowledge. Even in isolated compoint come forth in making lovely and successful munities good reading matter may usually be found

adjustments among those whose various lifesongs by the earnest seeker. Through books we may have

are to be sung together. And the engineertouch must fellowship with the world's choicest minds, and be

be so sensitive as to detect every rattle and squeak and stimulated, encouraged and educated thereby.

knock which tells of irregularity and difficulty ahead. Unfortunately there are a multitude of books and

To be a leader of youth is to be a kind of creator, magazines that are decidedly unwholesome. For the

for new vision, new determination, new activity and sake of making a few dollars, or because they delight inspiration and ambition come to life in the presence in that which suggests evil, writers create stuff which of real leadership. If you would be possessed of that is worse than trash, for it defiles the minds of those

talent, and increase it ten fold, you must work with who read it. Particularly during the impressionable

hand and brain and heart, and all these must know years of youth it requires very little to set in motion how to turn readily and often from fun to earnest- a train of thoughts which if not counteracted will ness, from laughter to quick sympathy, from handlead to destruction.

craft to discussion and from gaiety to prayer. The matter of reading is sufficiently important that

Genius is not always a gift left by the fairies in the Savior has given instruction thereon, both ancientcradles. It is sometimes a power to be acquired ly and in modern times. Addressing a multitude of

through the willingness to work and believe, to enJews, he said: "Search the scriptures; for in them ye

dure and pray. And in the genius of leadership are think ye have eternal life: and they are they which

combined the qualities which make one not only a testify of me."Speaking through the Prophet Joseph

leader but a follower as well. E. T. B. Smith: "And as all have not faith, seek ye diligently

and teach one another words of wisdom; yea, seek

ye out of the best books words of wisdom; seek

learning even by study and also by faith."

Unexpected Honesty withinSomethefindrangeit hardof everyto selectperson'sreadingacquaintancematter. Butare

people who can give sound advice on this matter.

CREQUENT reference is made to the fabulous That is one way by which men and women may sums spent by tobacco companies in their ad- "teach one another words of wisdom."H. J. C.

vertising campaigns. One wonders if they are be- "IWaJaV=<'-

coming more honest than they were when they endeavored to persuade the public that to be a great football or baseball player, or a slender, beautiful Two Great Opportunities actress, certain brands of cigarettes should be used.

One of the latest "ads"is:'"20,679 physicians say TOURING the early days of October, in Salt Lake

(here the name of the cigarette is given), are less *** City, the people of this intermountain country irritating."A footnote proudly calls attention to will be given two valuable opportunities for developthe fact that these figures have been checked and certiment. One is the semiannual conference of the

fied to by a firm of public accountants. Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints which

Of course this advertisement is an obvious admistionconvenesgivenintherethe Tabernaclewill doubtlessOctoberbe of a3.spiritualThe instrucnature

sion to the world that tobacco is irritating, and the but well balanced with advice on the temporal needs only claim, it is interesting to note, which this firm of the community. Men divinely called, who live

makes is that their brand is less irritating. near to and understand the people and know their

Suppose a young man applied for a position in a condition, will give counsel which, if heeded, will bank and presented credentials from people who result in salvation, here and now, where salvation knew him intimately reading something like this: naturally begins, as well as exaltation in the herafter.

"We can recommend John Doe. He is less of a The other event is the Utah State Fair. Becrook than some other men."cause of the visitors to the city at this time, the fair

Probably not one of the 20,679 physicians quoted attracts many from neighboring states. One interwould dare say over his signature that tobacco is ested in agriculture, horticulture, live stock, manuharmless. Such a statement would brand him as facturing, etc., can hardly fail to absorb ideas of

woefully ignorant or brazenly untruthful. H. J. C. value by attending this exhibition.—H. J. C.

THE IMPROVEMENT-y-j- ERA

Vol 3341 OCTOBER, 1930 No. 12

qA Guest at the WKite House Talks

By MRS. REED SMOOT

just returned home place, if I gave a true expressionHAVING from Washington where I of my feelings, I should undoubtwas a guest of President edly use too many superlatives.

and Mrs. Herbert Hoover at the To appreciate my feelings as an

White House, I have been requesthonored guest of the President of ed to write a brief description of the United States and the first lady my experiences. It is one of the of the land, you must know that

most difficult things I have ever I came to Salt Lake City as a little been asked to do and for a numgirl from England, one member ber of reasons. In the first place of a family of six, my widowed Mrs. Reed Smoot

I was the guest of the head of the mother having become a convert greatest country on earth, and a to the Church of Jesus Christ of guest Saints. Latterday talk. is not supposed you imagto Can In as possible fast as mand. We went

girl,the next place, ine any little coming of a guest by being there the weeks at times across and two the President and Mrs. Hoover, the ocean and almost the width of seem almost a dream.my honeymoon plans were very the United States as a little emidefinitely changed. In the third grant, dreaming that she would It is needless to say that every

ever become the wife of a senator dignified, sweet, graceful thing of the United States, a man who that could be done to make our has for many years distinguished stay pleasant, was done. When

himself in both nation and we reached Washington one of the

Church? Is it not beyond the President's cars took us immediaterealm of imagination for such a ly to the White House. We were

girl to see herself, with her dispresented to Mrs. Hoover and astinguished husband, the honored signed to the Rose Room suite. It

guest of the head of the United is hardly necessary to say that

States Government? President and Mrs. Hoover are

probably the best educated, most traveled, and best read occupants 7E had decided to spend our the White House has ever had.

honeymoon on a trip to While dignity marks every thing

Hawaii. All our plans had been they do, good taste and the homely

made before Senator Smoot revirtues of real Americanism are ceived word from President Hoover always apparent. To illustrate:

that he might aid in combating The first thing President and Mrs.

an attack on the London Naval Hoover did was to give a wedding

Treaty, a definite policy of the breakfast in our honor at which

Hoover administration. The Presthe only other guests present were

ident in his graciousness requested the Senator's and my children.

the Senator and myself to be guests This breakfast was served on the at the White House. Regardless front porch of the White House.

of that invitation, the wish of the It will long be remembered. Can

President of the United States you imagine the thoughtfulness

Senator Reed Smoot would have been considered a comwhich made the first function in 792 The Improvement Era for October, 1930

our honor a sort of family affair ture; Mrs. Stimson, wife of the The days that followed were

which permitted us the opportuSecretary of State; and Mrs. Wilfully occupied. Luncheons and

nity to receive the congratulations bur, wife of the Secretary of the dinners, shopping, driving, walkand best wishes of those most dear Interior. ing; and the best part of it was

to us? I shall never forget that always being surrounded by perbreakfast and the enjoyment of THINNERS in the White House sons of note and our loved ones.sitting on that porch looking out are formal affairs. At my first The memory of some of the drives

on one of the most beautiful parks dinner in the White House the I had with Mrs. Hoover through

in the country and having come to program of guests was most imposbeautiful Rockcreek Park and some my mind the thought of the disof those with tinguished hosts and guests who members o f had occupied these same places over our families many, many years of different adinto Virginia ministrations. Do you wonder at for luncheon

the temptation to use superlatives? at some quaint

and charming "PHE breakfast carried into lunchinn, will never * eon, which was served for leave my

President and Mrs. Hoover, Senmind. There

ator Smoot and myself. After were days

luncheon I had a-n opportunity to when I would get acquainted with the Rose go to the SenRoom suite, which is located on ate and meet the second Senator Smoot floor of the and fc a v e White House luncheon with and consists of him. I was

two rooms and constantly bath. The meeting disfurniture i s tinguished men

inupholstered and womenrose brocaded who told me satin. The the most pleasant things about the

high -back man with whom I was having a chairs and honeymoon. They praised his inquaint old tegrity and his loyalty and marcanopied bed veled at his capacity for work.

once occupied by A n d r e w sevJackson, great a very imthis made 1A* LLpressionenth.President that on me, knowing

of the United about twentyeight years before

States, are in there was a tremendous fight to this suite. The keep the Senator from taking his

drapes are of seat—and today he is known and

rose satin. In White admired nationally and internafact practically tionally.

everything is rose in color, even ing. President Hoover escorted The head of the greatest busito the blotters and pencils upon the me and Senator Smoot escorted ness on earth is the President of

writing desk. A few pictures of Mrs. Hoover. During the course the United States, and he is perinteresting scenes are hung on the of the dinner I had the privilege of haps the hardest worked man in

walls and the rooms were a veritelling the President of some of the the world. The White House is

table bower of pink roses, fresh work that is being done by our not only the President's residence, ones being brought each morning Church and particularly by the but the clearing house of every inand arranged by the house attendPrimary Association in which I terest of importance to the hundred ants. have been interested particularly in and twentytwo million people in

I rested until fourthirty in the our programs commemorating the United States. One of the

afternoon when Mrs. Hoover en- "Child Health Day."The movemost interesting things to me was

tertained in my honor, and I had ment to celebrate May first as the perfect order in which the the great pleasure of meeting some "Child Health Day"was inauguWhite House is administered. One

of the most charming women in rated by President Hoover himself. is requested to be present at dinthe United States including Mrs. After dinner we were entertained ner, is informed in advance whom

William H. Borah of Idaho, Mrs. with moving pictures of the Byrd she is going to be seated next to,

Brown, wife of the Postmaster expedition to the South Pole. We and items which will be of comGeneral; Mrs. Dale, wife of the then conversed until about eleven mon interest are mentioned. Mrs.

Senator from Vermont; Mrs. o'clock when the President and Hoover is an ideal hostess. Not a

Dolly Gann, sister and hostess to Mrs. Hoover left, expressing pleasdetail escapes her. There is no

the Vice President; Mrs. Hyde, ure that we had been guests. So pretense in the White House unwife of the Secretary of Agriculended the first glorious day. (Continued on page 794 )

Masterpiece

By MRS. C. R. KNOWLES

HE last child had been put to bed. The last face

washed, the last prayer saidTthe last goodnight kiss given,and and Anna, the mother, the washer and the giver, sat with head bowed and eyes closed. She was tired!

Every muscle in her body cried it It was also part of her nightly Anna's fingers ceased their meas she allowed herself to relax. pilgrimage to enter that room with chanical pushing of the keys and

Thus she sat for a few moments the air of a queen, to bow graceas her head dropped to her breast until sleep, the mother of men, had fully to an imaginary audience and she gave way to tears of anger almost taken her into its fold. smile very sweetly. Then to sit and despair.

Suddenly she awakened with a at the piano and allow her fingers Oh! what a fool she was. What

start and smiled much as a child to run lightly, softly, over the a fool she had always been. She

smiles when he awakens on Christkeys. Her pilgrimage was then at should be a concert pianist now!

mas morning and remembers what an end! She was in the land of Oh, she would have been! Ten

the day holds for him. dreams. She was a princess in the years ago she was giving small

Anna arose from the old rockarms of a lovely prince, she was a concerts at symphony halls. She

ing chair and as she walked across Joan of Arc, hearing voices. Grimy had had great promise for the futhe room it seemed as though all faces, hungry mouths, quarreling ture. As she sobbed she told herall self in the were forgotten that she have might been on face children, left her.fatigue Her had

she that stage in a rosecol- makebelieve a concert land * of now eagerness, hope, evenshone with beauty and determination. created with her music. ored evening dress bowing to a

Anna was about to begin her real audience. She should have a

nightly pilgrimage, to walk softly 'T'HIS particular night as she beautiful home, a car, servants. Init. Insteadacross the room over the worn car- -*- commenced her pilgrimage she stead—oh the irony of

pet, past the shabby furniture and knew that something was wrong. she was nothing at all.

into a little creamcolored room, a Her feet had a way of dragging as As the tears coursed down her small little creamcolored room if they were too tired to take her cheeks she reviewed her life much with a grand piano in the corner. body where it wanted to go. Her as one looks over a written manuThis was Anna's heaven. Her shoulders seemed to want to script. She saw herself as she had

music room! droop, her eyes to close, her hands been ten years ago. Anna Simto drop limply to her sides. Her mons! Concert pianist! She had

whole body told her that she been beautiful then, she had loved a tall should lie down and rest but her life and—she had loved

heart and soul bade her keep on. young man. He had loved her,

A cry escaped her lips. "I must too. That's when the trouble had

this I can't go on,"and even started—when Anna married do it—or

as she spoke she was bowing to young man. Oh, he had been

her imaginary audience and tryhandsome enough to turn any ing to smile. But the smile was girl's head. But Anna had come

mechanical. Then she was at her to know that he had not been

piano and her fingers were pushworth the sacrifice she had made.

ing the keys. She tried to create He had left her when he knew

her world of makebelieve but it the last little one was coming!

would not come.

Tonight she saw herself as she XJER poor babies! Tall Jack

slenreally was—a weary, careworn with his sensitive mouth,

woman of thirty with three hunder Elsie with her brown curls.

gry children to feed. Not a prinLittle chubby David with his wincess nor a Joan of Arc! She was ning ways. And she had dreamed

nothing but a tired and discourof so much for them and now they "The last child had been put to bed."aged mother. would grow up in poverty because

794 The Improvement Era for October, 1930 her arms were growing tired. into her own eyes. They were ANNA gazed again at the sleepGrowing tired because of the tasks filled with tears. Tears of anger, "** ing children and then sank to

they had to perform! She opened of despair? No, tears of happiness. her knees. Her eyes closed and she

her eyes only to gaze at her rough, For Anna knew she was loved. lifted her head.

red hands. Hands that took in She walked slowly over to where "Dear God,"she prayed. "Forwashing to support her babies, her three children lay sleeping. give me for being so ungrateful.

hands that sewed house aprons Through tearfilled eyes she could I am the most blessed of all wountil they were weary! Hands that see Jack with his sensitive mouth. men. My prayers have been anshould be soft and white, rippling She gazed at the thin hands on swered. I asked for the gift of

over ivory keys! Anna brought the coverlet. Those were the music. Thou hast given me music

those hands down on the keys with hands of an artist! A new eagerfrom heaven—the laughter and

a terrific bang and jumped to her ness came into her eyes. Her chilsong of my little ones. I asked

feet. Anna, the washer woman, dren should be what she had wantthat I might create a masterpiece.

the seamstress, Anna who at one ed to be! Jack should play the Thou hast given me three mastertime had prayed that she might piano, Elsie should play the violin pieces upon which to work!—The

create a masterpiece that would and David should sing in a deep, souls of my children. Help me,

thrill the hearts of humanity. She sweet voice. They would be great. oh help me to make them perfect!"

gave a bitter laugh. So this was She would teach them! and the dark head bowed.

what happened to one's career!

A croupy cough came from the KKfaSssfc large room that served as dining room and sleeping room. A choking, frightening cough that struck C/I Guest at the

terror to Anna's heart! It was

David! Her baby!

Anna brushed the tears from White House Talks her eyes and ran to the room.

"David boy! David baby! Moth- (Continued from page 792)

er's coming."

CHE forgot that she was a wash dercity,itsorder,presentgraciousnessdirection. prevail.SimpliticallyCamp. accomplishedWith the treatyfact, Rapidana prac-

a onwoman, seamstress—she historical of be frequently had Camp must always While there we ly that her knew baby was ill. as a importance, not only summer front porch large breakfast on the

Twenty minutes later the chokwith the President and Mrs. Hoovresidence of the President of the

ing cough had ceased, the fear had er and Mrs. Stark McMullan of United States, but because of the

gone from Anna's eyes and she Palo Alto, California, who was treaty involving the principal was holding David in her arms also a White House guest. After great governments of the world.

rocking him back and forth. the first morning, when it was Among those present at the Pres-

"Mummy,"the little voice was found that the Senator and I did ident's Camp while we were there sleepy and drowsy, "Mummy."not use tea or coffee, milk was were President and Mrs. Hoover,

"Yes, dear baby."added to the menu. And furtherSecretary of Navy Patrick Hurley,

"I'se tired."more I did not see a single woman Senators Allen of Kansas, Thomas

MichIdaho, of Vandenburg smoke while I was in the White of

Island; igan, of Rhode and Hebart 'Yes, dear, go to sleep."House.

"Mummy, sing."Commander Boon, the President's

"Yes, dear,"and her voice physician; Congresswoman Mrs.

crooned a soothing lullaby. f-NE of the interesting things Rogers of Massachusetts, Mrs.

dinner that followed usually Wiland Mr. Stark McMullan, V in her baby The opened arms varieties of the serving new was correspress noted Wilde, liam his eyes sleepily. dreamily, "My the fruit of fresh Burbank from guests of these pondent. had Most pretty pretty mamma, mammy California. of Experimental Farm familiar Visited Were and Utah sleepma,"and captured him. I evening thought I took what One scenery the the of with wonders

stopped rocking Anna it conthat found and and was a plum sleeping looked at the child. "Pret- a peach tained the stone of and had here.asking Theyquestionswereandinterestedin talkingin

ty mamma."Her voice was slow the flavor of a pear. about their experiences in this

and wondering. "Pretty mamma."Our trip to the President's state.

She laid the sleeping child in his Camp on the Rapidan River, a In concluding this article, I can bed. She turned and almost ran motor ride of one hundred miles say that in all my life I never

to the glass. She peered at the from the White House, was of tremet a more charming and gracious

face reflected therein. Pretty? Why, mendous interest to me. The reahostess than Mrs. Hoover. She

she wasn't bad looking. Her hand son Senator Smoot and I were is never idle; is fully alive to everywent to her dark hair and pushed guests was that the London Naval thing that is going on; can pick

it forward, framing her face. Her Treaty was to come up at the speup a bit of fancy work and carry

hair was still black and shiny. cial session of congress. That out her own designs. One interShe gazed at her face and felt of treaty had its inception when esting design that I saw for a

her skin. Yes, there were a few President Hoover and Prime Minplaque, was from her own sketch

in wrinkles, but—they were actually ister McDonald of Great Britain of the Washington Monument

becoming! And then Anna gazed spent some days at the Rapidan cherryblossom time.

;;.

TnviaJ Roof Tiles from Spain Grace McKinstry By Alberta Huish Christensen Poetry By scattered in old, so dull, so look npHEY trivial little is here, these Autumn.NOTHER piles X tasks A.

claim year the hour;50That the close of the first marking the rising from building that Around

So much a part of dull necessity, of "Era"poetry and the dawn of a sand

They seem to be new one. The plan of devoting an You wonder why men brought them

Mere finite atoms of entirety. entire page to one author has becountless miles

come increasingly difficult in the To roof a structure in a rich, new land.

And yet one can't forget face of the great number of lovely Docs not this land of ours make strong,

Alluring chair, sunvarnished in a room; bits which continue to appear unnew tiles

A bowl of blossoms in a window space, der the names of more or less faUnfaded, smooth? But dream, and unAnd tiny frocks, smoothironed into miliar writers. Take those on this derstand! place; very page—a touch of homely philDream that beyond each tile you see the

The clean swept walk inviting to my door osophy; a wish and the thrill of man

His welcome smile that mutely trees; of old Spain, a glimpse in Soain, some century gone and At work asks, step—his memories of raindrops; the patter by,

Are they so trivial, inof artisan: put gleams these little tasks? and than more formed silver—these Who it—artist,

life charm. to his and meaning across new its soft curve new molded He

-nx'aoi*- thigh, part about heartwarming The tan rose and firing the when is it the And that says for us poetry his to dull the raories Became Me inarticulate, have things we, which clay,—pleasingfollowed,

eye. ourselves. to for say been unable

By Gladys Hendrickson Dream that a peaceful convent there in you are gone SpainWHEN And I'm alone Raindrops Was see,sheltered by these very tiles youI think of you.

By Grace Ingles Frost That patient nuns, to whom all pomp

I live again was vain, The happy hours, T) AINDROPS—hear them singing, Beneath them made the cross and bent

The skies of blue. JL\ singing to the grass! the knee.

Like tiny silver elfin wings they tap against Or, if you will, dream of a scene less plain,

The crooning winds, the glass Proud Dons, and old Seville's gaiety.

The sudden showers Of latticed panes land skylight; they patThat strike the grass ter on stone walks, Dream how the colors grew more soft

And drench the road, And flit and flirt with blossoming deland deep

But quickly pass phiniums and phlox, As centuries of rain and sun and mist

Zinnias and baby breath, hollyhocks and Enriched the tiles, and made the tone they

Raindrops that catch roses, keep

A ray of sun, And leave a mist like diamond dew on all A blended russet, green, and amethyst;

Gold in the heart the gayclad posies. Now time's own roughness makes the sunOf every one. beams leap

Raindrops kiss the rippling leaves and To catch the color in each groove and fancies in themselves weave twist.Tall, nodding,

weird little, fairy doing forms gleaming trees, Of fire's gleam, campA dances has her America granite peaksBare or and the brook dive into pool They with Closelinked stream. sparklingA own Spain—aridyesterday in these circles."fling, magic hours rushing

every a reviving touch leave with And smile and look back a moment, can She are the thingsThese thing;: < growing say,I dwell upon

feet, they tiptoeing, twinkling with Then, the of to Land Leon came De "Once alone I'mWhen fleetly all pass, too Flowers!"are gone. youWhen beloveliness print their leave of But again to comes romance Old tiles;—her grass. the on them hind stay

Wherever they shall guard her roofs and

Silver Gleams towers.

Pastoral txt%gytoBy Linnie Fisher Robinson

Hebec Smart Joseph By Wisk in take garden myTALL are the things night, the beauty from A frailerlilies M. Rennelly that thrill me? By Ardyth

peace the in WHATThese: toward swayAnd me

Of gentle breeze and mystic light. The lonely majesty of trees, TF I were to die now,

A partridge drumming to his mate, x Tonight, in my sleep,

The columbine now has the charm The cattle lowing at the gate, I should want to remember

Of one grown in a fairy land, The mists that from far pastures rise, The moon.

Petunias climb to greet a rose A rift of blue through raindrenched skies, I should want to remember

That borders on a silver strand. The swallows'last mysterious flight The feel of the wind.

Into the spreading web of night, And more than anything else

The space of lawn is velvet draped The breath of laurel on the air, I should want to remember

In darker hues and daisy shod White roads that reach to anywhere. Your hair, in the sun

The sky is close with placid brow But more than all the rest of these, Then I should not mind

And calmly views a silver sod. The lonely majesty of trees. The loneliness of long winters—

Neighbor Anne By JESSIE MILLER ROBINSON fAN'sakes, Seth! "No, Seth, thank you—there'sThere youLset, an now Bat's only a few. I won't have you

gobbled up my bread rolls!"exputterin'around."Anne was a

claimed Anne Tompkins in defussy housekeeper and Seth never spairing reproach. Her husband, did wipe the dishes clean.

absorbed in his mail order journal, had failed to note the entrance of the ravenous pup. Slipping on a kimono, she was preparing to take

"Didn't see the brute,"he Seth's advice and rest for awhile, drawled. "Reg'lar boaconstrictor, when through the whitecurtained

ain't he?"window she saw the angular figure

"I must have left the door to of her neighbor down the street the leanto open as I went out, an'climbing the wooden stairway that he was in that quick an'got 'em led to the Tompkins'cottage. Like

off the chair near the range. Hurry, all the houses of the mining town,

Seth, an'give him a dose of mediit was perched perilously on the cine before those rolls begin to "Lan'sakes, Seth!"slope of the steep hillside.

swell. we do if Oh, what will tempted annot to was Anne to Miranda's happensanything Still, Seth whenever looked the at swer knock, but Mrs. Bench

terrier?"white bull that, he grudgingly admitted in, Anne bounced barely the tapping

Once again ensconced in his easy somehow, >his wife had thrived door, feeling certain that Anne was rocker by the kitchen window, upon her neighbors'imposition. at home.

seeSeth grumbled: "Don't why fifty, she nearing no was Though so "You're handy, Mrs. Tompto take the wholeyou had Hunt silver visible threads in her were kins,"she said breathlessly, as she ofmenagerie. parrot blame That hair. soft small Her body brown to began the she package unwrap its a. at 6hers with m. wakes me straight; her cheeks and was plump held in jest "I hand. one come tell the world!'Til dog That rosy, eyes bright. her were and At if see to could cut help you me best of boots onechewed up my that she very minute, was humthis I dress for out Matilda. guess night spend hours andand you little a tune. Well, gay woming five a I got pattern for four yard the feeding animals."morning to fuss to have had someone men of yards cloth."

"Why, Seth Tompkins!"said over. Things might have been

Anne, vigorously kneading anothdifferent if their boy had lived Anne belted herself in with an er batch of rolls. "You know then, Anne wouldn't have found apron, put on her glasses, and pro-

I always take care of Miranda time for those pesky neighbors and ceeded to puzzle out how to make

Hunt's pets when she goes away. their pets. But, bless her heart, the scant cloth do what was exShe pays, for their feed, so we Anne was the best woman in the pected of it.

shouldn't complain. Of course world. She loved neighbors, anShe finally cut the pattern to

their mutual approval, but Janethere is a lot of 'em,—the magpie, imals and flowers, and—wonderPoll the parrot, Silverlegs the cat of wonders—she loved Seth Bench was in no hurry to go.

and Battling Nelson the dog."Tompkins, who was no beauty "You don't mind, Mrs. Tompit appreciated? No, the just a big, fat, baldheaded old chine? Your machine's new, andAnd—is"Hain't you forgotten some? nor saint nor great success. He was kins, if I stay and use your mamore we do for folks, the less they man, often grouchy, and perfectly there's so much noise to home

do for us."Seth never failed to satisfied with his clerkship in a seems as if I could get more done

include himself in Anne's neighsmall town grocery and general here than there."Hardly waiting

borly deeds. merchandise store. for Anne's assent, she was soon

"Now, Seth,"soothed his wife, The next day, Anne hung out treadling with energy. She talked

"you know we don't do any more an unusually large washing for and talked, her voice rising strithan we should."there had been boarding visitors dently above the whir of the sewthat week. At luncheon, even ing machine.

Seth noted the weary look of the

OETH'S mouth tightlittle woman seated beside him.

ened as he bent over his magazine. "Now, Anne, you just lay Oi'UT of doors in the

For the thirty years of their mardown for a spell, and I'll do the slanting square that the Tompried life everyone ill or in trouble dishes before I go to the store,"kins'called their front yard, Bat in the small mining town had he said, as he arose and filled the the pup began to bark without income to Anne for comfort or help. teakettle. termission. His banquet of bread

The Improvement Era for October, 1930 797

rolls the day before did not lessen talker—soon he had taken orders feelin'he was very ungrateful. But

his loud hatred of strangers. for his wares from the two wo- I mustn't talk about folks behind

o'town. "Well, I do declare if that ain't men. their backs—she's out

Rosa Cappolini coming here!""I guess I've climbed miles toMiranda has a good, warm heart,

shouted Mrs. Bench, peering out of day,"he halfsighed, as he packed an'she shows it by her kindness

is her dog, Bat.the window. his pots and pans. "I'm glad all to animals—this

Anne heaved an inward sigh. the towns aren't built like this She named him Battling Nelson,

Her head ached and the last prosone. 'cause he's such a scrapper."

pect of an afternoon nap had fled. "Do let me make you a glass "Yes,"added Mrs. Bench, "she

pets, sure has enough of lemonade,"urged Anne. "It'll if 'Yes, anshe's got I wonder pie, an'a parrot, a cat justdog—that'sa magyou."other painted she rest top pillow hand all."

wants to raffle off, or maybe she'd 'Thank you, madam, I believe "Well, she can't be lonely,"like an old hat or suit for one of it would,"he replied and reseated said the young man. "Did you

the little Cappolinis. Well, If himself. say her name was Miranda Hunt?

it, he remarked the way,"talkingRosa only to "By Bat knew I to I should like to meet her—but after left the Mrs. Bench the more. Guessmakes bark Anne him be going. was delimust That

I'll have to go call him."room, could you tell me the name cious, Mrs. Tompkins. I thank

Anne shortly ushered in the of Mrs. Tompkins'next door you for your kindness. If I am

stout, darkfaced woman who was neighbor?"unable to deliver your goods perquite out of breath from trying to "Oh, there ain't much use callin'sonally, they will be sent collect

evade the dog and climb the steep on Mirandy Hunt,"shouted Jane by parcel post from the factory.

stairs at the same time. Before Bench who had resumed her sewWill Mrs. Hunt be at home soon?"

her departure, Anne had ruming. "She'll shut the door in your "No,"replied Anne,"not for

maged through closet and rag bag face like as not. She's always sayin'several days. Anyhow, there's no

and given her a large bundle of that the more she sees of men the use callin'on her, young man, even old clothing. better she likes dogs."if you are a good talker."

sort of boy laughed. The "A later, it's feather a in "Well, the telecap moments A few my eh? But woman, why bell sell like trilled faintly people her."tophone I can the hermit above is when

din"Hello—hello—.of the sewing machine.Yes, Amanshe so hard on us men?"hisTherewords.was a determined ring to

I'llda, take him. All right, watched bring he went him as Anne coming AilNNE steps, carover the athim tomorrow steep wooden in down two with the liquid, answered him.

o'clock.""Well, Mrs. Hunt hain't had good rying his heavy suitcase of samples.

fine lad 'You don't mean to say you're luck with menfolks. Her husStrong and handsom*—a

goin'to take care of that Treweek band never made a livin,'so she making his way in the world withyoungster!"Jane Bench still come out here from Boston and out any help. Little Seth wouldscreamed, though she had quit kept a miners'boardin'house. have been just his age—she

sewing for a moment. "Why, he's Then after Mr. Hunt died some of brushed her hand across her eyes,

the crossest and most colicky baby the mining shares he'd bought and closed the door.

in town!"with her money turned out fine 'You shouldn't have told him

'Yes, he ain't very strong, bless an'left her well off. An'before Mirandy wasn't to home,"said

his heart! You know I helped that, her only nephew who she Mrs. Bench. "Lots of these pedbring! him into the world, an'raised an'set great store by run dlers are jest burglars in disguise.

Amanda hasn't any folks she can away, an'she hain't heard from He seemed so curious, too, about it was kind of leave him with—an'she does need him since. Guess she was pretty Mirandy. And

to get out to a movie once in a strict with him, still she can't help suspicious the way he made friends young thing!"with her dog."while—poor"Well, I give you up, Anne "I know that young man is all

Tompkins, catch me bein'so acright,"firmly declared Anne.

commodatin'to anyone that never done me a good turn."She evidently did not include herself in H)tER neighbor stayed

this category. all afternoon. Anne hoped that

Mrs. Bench would leave before

Seth came home for she knew he

AiXTHOUGH this thoroughly disliked this gossiptime Bat failed to announce an arloving woman. But when he arrival, again there was a summons rived, Mrs. Bench was still there.

at the door. Anne opened it to a She needed no urging to stay to

tall youth, well dressed in tweeds. the evening meal.

He was selling aluminum cooking As the three were seated at the utensils. The bullterrier, usually table and Mrs. Bench was praising

the arch enemy of canvassers, was Anne's pineapple marmalade, an nuzzling his soft black nose in the unearthly sound rent the air.

young man's hand. This aston- "Gracious, what's that?"ejacishing fact as well as his appearulated Mrs. Bench.

ance appealed to Anne, and she al- "Oh, that's Silverlegs, Miranlowed him to come in. A good SlLVERLEGS AND POLL (Continued on page 842)

Fathers and Sons, as Steadfast as the Surrounding Mountains

r Canada and the By frank c steele Ckurch Centennial

greatest Fathers and crystal clear and cold, rushes heard and no smoking or drinking its banks noticed in that large group. TheTHESons'outing in the history through the valley and on

near the camp were found several days and nights passed delightthe of world."all swiftly. fully, happily the too supplied and campsprings. These

declarunqualified the This was in the morale water. of camp was ers abundance The fine an with A exof A. Kirkham, Oscar ation grassy, Wilfred Backman, sheltered commended clearing, by and large ecutive secretary of the Y. M. M. with groves of pines and aspens field secretary of the Boy Scouts of

I. known A., and internationally a guest Alberta, at camp the day, was during shade affording who

address leader, in his opening boy for days In headquarters the space. ideal two full camping provided Cententhe at remarkable Church fathers the the sons under rose were and center the of the camp the of celebration fatherson nial along canvas. intervals at Jack and Union in early held stakes AuCanadian gaily fluttered tents lines of the significant international touch at- A 1,300 1930. than gust, More the colors of flags the stake the and the night introduced second was ceremonial on bonfire the tended repretroops Scout various Boy presented Oscar Kirkham when of the and night camp opening the sented. little a Chief Scout with Backman to 1,500 this grown had number

when a new fellowship between silk flag, the Stars and Stripes, carScout, that great American by at the was pledged dads lads and p the secretary, executive our from night. the second campfire ONTRIBUTINGand inspiration to leadershipthe camp ried

at BirkenScout Jamboree World was Kirkham, Oscar A. with W. all anfar exceeded The outing

as prized given head. This flag was the secretary field of O. Robinson, big, distincIt ticipations. was

tive, farreaching. Into the heart Y. M. M. I. A. of Salt Lake City. a symbol of the love and goodwill

of the Canadian Rockies on Pass Much of the success of the tristake of the Boy Scouts of America for creek, Waterton National park, project was due to their studied their brother scouts in Alberta. In

gathered this vast assemblage of guidance and experience. Dr. C. replying, Mr. Backman accepted

Latterday fathers and sons. Every M. Fletcher, Boy Scout leader ol the flag on behalf of the Boy

ward in the three Canadian stakes the Lethbridge stake, was elected Scouts of Alberta and assured the was represented. The site selected camp director and the outing was gathering that it would be treaswas ideal, with majestic mounsingularly free from accidents, sickured at Scout headquarters in Edtains, clothed with deep verdure, ness or breaches of camp regulamonton.

encircling the camp. Pass creek, tions. There was no profanity The campfire programs were

The Improvement Era for October, 1930 799

supplied by the different stakes, stake Presidents Wood, Allen and

Palmer making happy contributions. These huge bonfires, climaxing the day's activities, were

held in a natural amphitheatre not unlike an ancient Greek theatre, and the hymns and songs swelling from hundreds of hearts echoed for miles through the canyons and crags of the high Rockies. A testimony profound it was that the

youth of the Church in Canada will carry on.

T NSPIRATION HIKE up beautiful Red Rock canyon, was one of the many thrilling experiences of the outing. When the fathers

and sons reached a lovely meadow far up the mountain side, President

Palmer of the Lethbridge stake gave an interesting talk on the geology of the Rocky Mountain region, the mountains themselves providing the laboratory.

Another feature of the celebration, sponsored by the Y. M. M.

I. A., preceding the hike to the

hills, was the marking of an historical spot at Cardston, first settlement of the Latterday Saints in

Canada. This interesting ceremony, commemorative of the

landing of the vanguard of the "Mormon"pioneers to Canada led by the late President Charles Ora

Card 43 years ago, was held on the temple square at Cardston in the presence of hundreds from the three stakes. Each ward of the

three stakes brought a stone to be used in the building of the memorial to the pioneers. Many documents, relics and records were

placed in a unique marble box, President Heber S. Allen Depositing the Relics

which was deposited in the foundation of the cairn. of the Church in 1830 the dominand a recent convert, journeyed inThese historical events in the ion was divided into Upper and to Canada as a missionary, for the

life of the Church in Canada recall Lower Canada. Lower Canada spirit of missionary work had

the important contribution the or Quebec was largely populated rested upon him even from the dominion of Canada has made to by FrenchCanadians and Upper hour he inquired of the Lord as to the rise and growth of the Church Canada by Englishspeaking sethis duty in the Church in 1830, in this dispensation. At a critical tlers many of whom were of which supplication brought an

hour in the early history of the United Empire Loyalist stock, men answer through the Prophet JoChurch, the Lord revealed to the and women who, through loyalty seph comprising Section 34 of the

Prophet Joseph Smith that in misto the British connection, had miDoctrine and Covenants in which sionary work abroad lay the means grated to Canada at the time of the the Lord exhorts Orson to "Lift of salvation. American Revolutionary war. It up your voice and spare not, for

therewhere frontier country the a spoken; hath Lord was God

it Britain Great shall out be pioneers fore toward was prophesy, were hewing that sturdy and T * eyes the of the were for prophet a themthe of wilderness given the of Holy the power by home turned but it was through Britain's selves and their children. Ghost."

colony, WorldNew Canada—now in the Into this new land came the first to full nationhoodgrown

great British Commonwealth message of the Gospel three years T N the fall of that year Canada that the fruitful contact in the after the organization of the -*- received a visit from none other

British Isles was established. Church. In 1833 Orson Pratt, a than the young prophet himself

At the time of the organization young man in his early twenties who with Sidney Rigdon sounded 800 The Improvement Era for October, 1930

the Gospel message in Upper CanJohn Taylor, destined as he was such he was the wise and forceful ada. to play a further and foremost role leader in the building of towns and

Meetings were held at Brantin the rise of the Church in the villages, schools and churches, mills ford, Mount Pleasant, Colborn, valleys of the mountains, moved and business enterprises in this new,Waterford, and other places where with the Saints to the west there gathering place for the Saints.

some success was obtained. At to assist in their establishment and The building of a canal by the AlMount Pleasant in particular the subsequent expansion. berta Railway and Irrigation

new Gospel, the new revelation, Mention has already been made Company through the "Mormon moved many honest hearts and on that Elder John Taylor succeeded country"served as an impetus to

Sunday, October 27, Orson bapPresident Brigham Young as presimmigration from Utah and tized twelve and others were ident of the Church, and it is an Idaho, the Latterday Saints from "deeply impressed, and desired interesting coincidence that seven those states being offered land in another meeting."At this meetyears after the Canadian apostle exchange for labor in the building

ing, held on the Monday in the succeeded to the high office of presof this reclamation project.

evening, the baptized believers were idency in Utah, 1887, a party of In 1901 the late "Uncle"Jesse confirmed members of the Church "Mormon"pioneers headed by the Knight of Provo and his two sons and given the Holy Ghost by the late Charles Ora Card of Cache purchased in Southern Alberta one laying on of hands. The sacraValley established a settlement for and a half townships of land on

ment was administered and the the Saints in the southwest corner which they ranged six thousand

Spirit of the Lord made manifest of Alberta, Canada. That settle steers and in the fall of the same

in great power. Tenderly, and ment was Cardston on Lee's creek, year fiftyfour thousand head of

prayerfully, the prophet writes in now shadowed by the white, noble sheep were brought in from Monhis journal: "O God, establish walls of the Alberta Temple, tana by them, they being the first

thy word among this people. * * * symbol of the strength and perto undertake sheep raising on a

May God carry on his work in this manency of the Church in the large scale in Alberta, now the place till all shall know him."BeDominion of Canada. leading sheep producing province

fore turning their steps again toof the dominion. Jesse Knight

ward Kirtland, headquarters of the PRESIDENT CARD and his later acquired 325,000 acres of

Church at that time, F. A. Nickercompanions were sent north to virgin prairie land from the Alson was ordained an elder and at select a gathering place for the berta Railway and Irrigation Comthis service one of the sisters reSaints in Canada. That was in pany and founded the town of

cently baptized and confirmed enthe fall of 1886. They traveled Raymond, named for his son, who

joyed the gift of tongues "which through Washington, Oregon and still resides there. In 1902 the

made the saints rejoice exceedBritish Columbia, but when their Knight Sugar Company was ingly."eyes surveyed the country between formed and a sugar factory was

the Montana line and the little, built at Raymond, the new sugar "TTHE work commenced by these straggling settlement of Coalbanks industry resulting in scores of addiearly messengers of "Mormon- (now Lethbridge) they soon came tional L. D. S. families from Utah

ism"to Canada was richly added to a decision. This was the place and Idaho migrating northward to

upon in 1836 by Elder Parley P. for the new colonies, the expansive, the new settlements.

Pratt who traveled to the city of grassclad prairies, the richness of

Toronto preaching with marked the soil, the abundance of water, (HARLES A. M A G R A T H,success. The field was "ripe with and the hospitable welcome serving chairman of the International

the harvest"and among the conto support that decision of their Joint Commission and former verts made by this zealous missionbeloved leader. Then, it is posmember of parliament, says of the

ary was John Taylor, a Methodist sible that the nearby Rockies, "Mormon"colonists and Jesse preacher, and truly a man of desthrusting their snowtipped peaks Knight in particular in his book, tiny for he later became a meminto the clouds, recalled their "Canada's Growth:"'They have

ber of the council of the twelve mountain home seven hundred done good work in Southern Alapostles and after the migration miles to the south and the promises berta. One of the finest characof the Church to Utah succeeded made by the prophets of God that ters I have ever met was Jesse

Brigham Young to the exalted ofZion should be established in the Knight, a very prominent mining fice of president of the Church. mountains and "exalted above the operator in Utah, a modest genYears passed and the Church, hills."tleman, strong in his faith, who

following the martyrdom of the After President Card and his aspaid his tithes, no inconsiderable

Prophet Joseph and the Patriarch sociates had made their report to amount, to his Church. He came

Hyrum Smith, was driven into the the First Presidency m Salt Lake to Southern Alberta with his two wilderness, the destination of the City, he and other representatives sons and accomplished what few harassed Church being the Rocky of the Church returned to Canada men would attempt. He estabMountain region as had been foreand selected the present site of lished a beet sugar factory at a

told by the prophet. It may be Cardston as the first center for setcost of half a million dollars on

interjected here that at the assassitlement. In June, 1887, Presithe open prairie without any supnation of Joseph Smith at Carthdent Card and his family and a porting settlement."

age, 111., the Canadian apostle, party of forty others landed at The stakes in Canada have

John Taylor, was associated with Cardston and June 5 of that year shown steady growth as also has his leader, being wounded four the first religious service was held the missionary work in the dotimes by the bullets fired from the in a tent. When the Alberta Stake minion. The Saints are at peace

muskets of the ruffians. The of Zion was organized Charles Ora with their neighbors and face the

woimH did not prove 'fatal and Card became its president and as future with faith and confidence.

Spiritual Philosophy of Life A

By MILTON BENNION Dean of the School of Education, University of Utah

XI

cIhe Ethical Functions of the State

THEmoststateuniversalis theof RelatedWhat toIsOtherthe NatureSocial ofInstitutions?the State, and How Is It madeof the tootherincludefunctionsmuch

all social instituWhy May the Major Functions of the State Be of government here listtions, in that an indiClassified as Spiritual? ed. There is now, even

vidual in a civilized in the platforms of the community is bound to In What Directions and by What Means Are the major political parties, come within the jurisFunctions of the State Destined to Grow? little disposition to

diction of some state. withhold full recogniWhile this is generally true of the of them functions heretofore pertion to all the functions here

family, there are even children who formed either by the family or by listed.

are without family connections, the church, sometimes performed and adults who outlive their childwell, but often much neglected or hood family associations and fail not attended to at all. These funcTh XERCISE of police powers is,

to make new ones. In case of the tions are being taken over by the of course, essential to the existstate, however, it cannot be outstate as the only guarantee that ence of the state as well as to the

lived or outgrown. An individthey will be performed whenever security of its citizens in their

ual who may wish to escape its and wherever needed. Thus the lives, liberties, and lawful possesjurisdiction can only transfer to state is returning in some measure sions. These are to the state what

another one equally binding. to its more ancient functions, but food, clothing, and shelter are to

In many ancient and medieval on a higher plane of service, and the family, conditions necessary states the functions of the various generally apart from the superfor the attainment of spiritual valsocial institutions were not definitenatural and sectarian elements of ues. The promotion of economic

ly segregated, and, in some instanreligion. interests is a further development

ces, church and state were not A concise, yet comprehensive, of the function of protecting the differentiated at all. Thus even the statement of the functions of the citizens in their possessions; it

primitive state had many spiritual state is given by J. A. Leighton helps them to increase their posfunctions. One of the most notas follows: sessions, individually and collectable examples of this was the an- "The State is,"as Aristotle finely said, ively, and therefore, to (have a

cient Hebrew State in Palestine. "a body of citizens united in pursuit of better basis for attaining cultural

the ethical good. function common The or spiritual values, is the which law was theThe Mosaic Law of of the State is the to be guardian of the ultimate and fundamenthe most state church. state andboth The ethical interests in involved social the other

exercised the usual compulsory institutions; in the family, private proptal purpose both of the state and

powers over its citizens, a power erty, community, vocation, church, eduof the individual.

which characterizes all political cation,tions. andIt isthethevariousindispensablevoluntaryumpireassociain

thisgovernment; was power often internal conflicts. State exists to The proWhat Are Some of These 1 religious mote the moral acts."and good lifeused to uphold by public

ideals set up by the statechurch Cultural Values?

government,- The generally recognized func- p, NE of the most widd. tionsi of the state may be roughly W nized and universall ht

\\7ITH the separation of church classified as (I) exercise of police is education, now long established ** and state there was manifest powers, (2) promotion of ecowith progress ive pe0ples as a mainterests, nomic (3) developmenta spirleave to disposition jor human function of the state. The

interests. cultural While thereitual large aims in the of measure to large for expended sums of money

leaders have been poin American state the concerned whilechurch, education the state by suband its litical thought in would, who to conceiveditself with what was divisions is proof of this, but, in be strictly secular matters, the extheory at least, have restricted the itself, no reason for reduction of of to exergovernmentercise police of the in the activities these power expenditures. JefThomas

rise police of powers, these same sense term. of thatnarrower For saint patron 'orAmVrifaxTS leaders, practice, in to were willing.at least a generation now, cans howwould who Hmit the func

ever, there has been a growing tenextend the police powers to such tions of the government, was esdency on the part of the most an extent that these powers were peciaHy proud of his authorship progressive states to develop more 1The Individual and the Socid Qrder> of the bill creating the public and more spiritual functions, many p. 23. D. Appleton 8 Co., New York, school system of Virginia, and also

802 The Improvement Era for October, 1930

proud to be recognized as founder Greek and Hebrew states outshine evidences of progress in at least of the University of Virginia. and will outlive their materially some phases of justice. Social legAll American states are now, powerful rivals. The material islation in the various states has

apparently, unequivocally commitproductions of the Oriental states been a marked characteristic of the ted to the policy of supporting have, for the most part, long since Twentieth Century. Such legispublic educational institutions perished; the spiritual productions lation has generally been upheld

from kindergarten to university. of Greece and Palestine have been by the courts, notwithstanding anNot only do states provide opdominant factors in moulding the cient legal precedents to the conportunities to all children and best in western civilization. The trary. Enlightened judges are comyouths who can and will take preeminent influence of the ancient ing more and more to base their

advantage of them, but they have Greek and Hebrew nations bids decisions upon social facts and hualso, through public libraries, govfair to continue indefinitely. These man needs, rather than upon mere

ernment bulletins, and other historic facts have at [this time tradition. It is because of this

means, long besen committed to great significance for American citchanged attitude of the American public support, in some degree, izens who are influential in public, reflected in legislation and of adult education. It is now premoulding the future of America. court decisions, that many social

dicted that general extension of Her vast wealth and economic laws are now in successful operapublic education for adults will power, of which many Americans tion, laws that protect the lives be the next great movement in boast and flaunt their wealth deand the health of laborers in inthis field. Some auxiliary phases fiantly in face of an impoverished dustry, women in employment

of education, not always recogold world, will surely perish in outside the home, and minors nized as such, should not be passed course of time. It is only the against any kind of employment

without mention. Among these spiritual contribution that America that may be a serious detriment

are juvenile courts with all of can make to civilization that will to their development. The gentheir accessories, certain types of endure and give her a worthy place eral principle underlying this type

community clinics, public social in history. Just now the call for of state action is that every memwelfare departments, research buspiritual gifts from ber of the state shall be protected

reaus, art galleries, public recreation which she is abundantly America—giftsable to and respected as an end in himself;

departments, including athletic, give—relate especially to the develthat none shall be sacrificed as a

dramatic, and musical activities; opment of the ideals and the pracmeans to material gain. These

all ofthese have for their direct tice of justice, not only within her activities of the state may, then, object the realization of higher own borders, but in her relations also be classified as spiritual funcspiritual values and the more genwith all other nations. Is she tions.

eral diffusion of such values among willing to set aside her power to Closely allied to these functions, desired her endsthe masses of the people. secure by might, in spirit are hospitals purpose and her international submit and to

either for patients having mental states'diseases. or physical The These MayWhy problems to an international court justice Functions of of eco- a par the with on

activities in establishing hossuch lie Classified State the nomically poorest nation? The pitals increase; that are the not on of are nations as community Spiritual? now

is state the drive attempting to calling America, not upon merely the church charity out and private all the educational fine or forD ECAUSE that may words—words fabusiness, of this cultural activities but because here named be subject to a multiplicity of

are inadehave cilities thus with developto do primarily provided for fine, novalues.ing nonmaterial It is the of the purpose These, interpretations,—butble deeds. America's to quate. answer

in philosophy, are classified as spirthese calls will in large measure state to see that these facilities are itual; such nonperishable values determine whether her fundamenavailable to all in need, and that

are in fact the ultimate goal of all tal aims are of the imperishable none shall be denied such service activity.state state will Any live spiritual sort, or whether she is because of inability to pay. Add

as a significant factor in the history of civilization only in proporselfishly materialistic as she is in to this widows'pensions, old age tion to its contribution to the some world circles reputed to be. pensions, state insurance, and pubspiritual possessions of mankind. domestic TN AMERICAN adminliconceorphanages,evident thatandthe itstatebecomesis a rapat relative for instance, theCompare, istration there are widespreadplace in history of the most rich idly growing and very much alive

and powerful ancient Oriental nainstitution. The justice now adtions with that of the small city ministered by the state has ceased

states of Greece or with the eco- J. HE author of this series is not to be cold, the eye for an eye and

without practical this experience in insignifipoliticallynomically and variety. for tooth a tooth The field, having local served as health a in Palestine. nationcant Hebrew is officer, state valalive to keenly of a chairman board town human

It may be well here to take the of trustees, member of the State ues, to the fact that all material precaution of noting that a state is Board of Education, of the State not to be regarded as identical with Textbook Commission, the State things are to be valued only as of Course Commission, to Study the promotion and means of humanits particular government at any as first State chairman of the Utah It welfare. has already been shown nearly correcttime. It is more Welfare also as chairCommission,

to identify the state with the life man of the Social Welfare League that this welfare must be measured of its people as a political unit. of Salt Lake, 19201930. ultimately in terms of (spiritual

It is in this sense that the ancient values.

The Improvement Era for October, 1930 803

In What Directions and By orders to the nurse maid to find cies now rapidly coming into use

What Means Are the Funcout what Johnny is doing and tell and looking toward equalization to stop. of opportunity? The policy, Johnny him and Nowtions of the State Destined to of are alike the state in this, that so adopted by some representatives

Grow? long as they are alive they are special interests, of denouncing

bound to be doing something. these measures as socialistic, is

'"THERE it shortsighted. unfair part not be the and of wismost * in attemptingis alwaysto somepredicthazardthe Would socialism fairness to all concerned not like Those dom and who do

future of human institutions. Herto make a judicious, unbiased, and should be especially interested in

bert Spencer, viewing the problem unselfish study of any proposed securing equal rights and opporof social evolution from the standstate activity in the light of the tunities to all under the present point of the individualistic political fundamental assumptions of desystem of private ownership of of the later Eighteenthphilosophy opportunity There is no surer way and property. mocracy—equal Nineteenthand early Centuries, justice radical revolutions of stimulating to all, including each memlooked toward gradual diminution ber of each new generation? in political and economic life than

of the functions of government by the domination of capitalistic finallyuntil government might selfish interest in its own Ideal power be By Means What Are the altogether.dispensed with The as just against humanitarian and of the State Goals to Be society then offunctions would policies. public to deis not This

be carried on wholly by voluntary Attained? cry the accumulation of capital,

cooperation. Mr. Spencer was, nor to minimize its service in the

however, viewing government terms, by diffuGENERAL as TN life economic of the community;

the exerciserestricted to of police A sion of social knowledge and to call it is only attention to the powers in the narrower sense of ability on the part of the great social consequences of abuse of the term. This noted philosopher mass of citizens to form their own capitalistic power. Such abuse is,

himself lived long enough to social, economic, ethical, and pohowever, by no means charactermourn the failure of his prediclitical judgments, together with istic of all capitalists, some of tions. The development of state cultivation of a keener appreciation whom are among the enlightened,

functions during the last half cenof justice and the jelevation of progressive leaders of political tury has been very decidedly in the public above private interests. thought and action. The state can

opposite direction. It is apparentMany citizens fail to appreciate realize its ideal goals only by coly perfectly safe to say that the the fundamental nature of democoperative action of the mass of its

functions of the state in years to racy. It is too often thought of citizens on the basis of intelligent

come will lie somewhere between as already realized, instead of as public interest. This will eliminate

the opposite extremes set forth by being merely in the process of makantagonism between capital and

Plato, on the one hand, and by ing. The real meaning of some labor, between producer and manHerbert Spencer, on the other. Cerof the basic assumptions of deufacturer, between north and

tainly at this time the pendulum mocracy is seldom thought of; south, between east and west.

is swinging in the direction of for example that of equal oppor- "Therefore, my duty as a citizen

Plato's social and political philtunity to all. What does this is not exhausted by what I bring

to venture benefits respectosophy. to to with premean may We is state; test as to the a citizen my

that farther in willdict that it go be derived the use of the from fully the can be exwhole how direction than it yet has done in natural resources of the earth? Are pressed through me."2

America, but that it will never go these benefits to be equalized for as far as Plato's Republic porone or two generations of democTHHIS type of citizenship is not trays. racy only, or are they to be made T realized through hide bound

available to each new generation adherence to a political party irpolicies If not, respective of the for all time? If it may so, how? fair consideration of funANY election. particular ceased adopt in any to be? democracy has"damental and well established

principles of social justice will Are not the progressive public It may be realized by voluntary make clear that recent extensions measures enumerated in this paper association of citizens in unselfish of the functions of the state, as examples of recognition of the promotion of worthy public caushere enumerated, are fully justified rights of all, and especially of the es, irrespective of partisan politics.

and that many American states are younger generation, to share in The political parties of long standdelinquent in the administration of the benefits of the use of natural ing too often acquire selfish party justice because they have lagged resources no matter in whose name interests as detrimental to public behind the more progressive states. they may be held as private propwelfare as are other selfish interests. victors the the belong 'To is in part generation due the not to want of erty?This Does new

spoils"practical yet is not without political social a likewise enlightenment right to share in have and on the part of the masses of the the benefits derived from socialsignificance.

citizens and in part to organized economic values, values that have The value of any method of interests that oppose every public been created by the activities of procedure in civic life is to be policy that may mean larger consociety as a whole, but now held judged by the purpose it serves.

tributions from them to the public as private property? By what This purpose can properly be no<

treasury. Agents of these special method may the new generation other than the highest and most

interests in their efforts to mother share in the material benefits of 2Follett, M. P.—The New State, p.

the state often remind one of that these natural and social values if 179. Longmans, Green SJ Co. New York.

hypothetical real mother who gave not by the progressive state poli- (Continued on page 805)

Was the Earth Created in Six Days of Twentyfour Hours

rHE recent cleavage of Chrisstory because of certain findings tianity along the line of Each? of science, while the FundamentalModernism and Fundamenist continues to accept it irrespective of scientific discoveries.Ttalism has revived interest in the <By

longdiscussed question of the age The Latterday Saints are more of the earth, more particularly the -UK. rKJDllKlUJx. J. x\AA J\. than passively interested in this

time in its involved making. The n /> of/>/iGeologyj -,, thequestion,fact thatparticularlythe biblicalinaccountview ofof of Deserett>.. Professor regards theModernist account

creation outlined in the first chapof University of Utah creation is repeated, nearly verbater of Genesis as largely figurative tim, in two of our recent scriptures, and without foundation in historspecifically, the Book of Moses and ic fact, while the Fundamentalist did not come from the sun, and the Book of Abraham. Accordaccepts it as a literal representation therefore, the "days"were not so- "W- lt 1S apparent that if the

of what actually occurred. The lar days. Moreover, in the second biblical account is abandoned as

six creative periods, ordinarily inchapter of Genesis (verse 4) the unsound, the others are likely to terpreted as days of twentyfour entire period of creation is spoken fal1 under the same criticism, perhours each, are especially objecof as a single day. haPs even more severe, for the

tionable to the Modernist. On Then, too, the Modernist turns writings of Moses and Abraham

the other hand, he is not particuto the field of geology in further arre purported to be an outgrowth larly opposed to the order of crejustification of his claims that the f modern revelation, and thereative events mentioned in the earth is extremely old, and, indeed, k,.,-.

biblical narrative, since it closely it cannot be denied that his conthe scientific discoveries of our coincides with the chronology reclusions are here perfectly secure, time.

vealed in the geological record. The for the geologist has overwhelmholds Fundamentalist, however, has that the earth ingly proved is instructive to observe, howsix created earth in that the was in TT years of millions been many ever, is entire that the discussion days of hours, twentyfour and process of creation. the an of inadequacy outgrowth as regards scriptural the statement

of understanding, perman's and sufficient justification for this conis Christian the world HTHUS, also haps of the incompleteness clusion. curious conconfronted with a biblical of the narrative. Thanks

justifies dition: Modernist The to revelation, the modern problem onlookers scriptural the TySINTERESTED in himself denying is in sense disconcerting to the no *** quite generally regard atthe

titude of the Modernist as equivaLatter-day Saints, for recent scriplent to a denial of the biblical tures, which, by the way, appeared before the conflict between Mostory, since the account, as it stands dernism and Fundamentalism alone, is not readily adaptable arose, solution offer a complete for to than one interpretation, more if Christianity it. Moreover, had placed that namely: upon it by

the Fundamentalist. Six creative been willing to accept these modern

periods are distinctly mentioned, scriptures, the conflict with all its

could have never arisen. darkness—dayeach characterizedand bynight.light"Andand misunderstandings and bitterness

God called the light Day and the The Book of Abraham, for exdarkness He called Night. And ample, recites the account of creathe evening and the morning were tion essentially the same as recordthe first day."Genesis 1:5. ed in the first chapter of Genesis,

The Modernist, however, has except that the various "days"are the following scriptural argument designated as "times."Then, afin his favor: Inasmuch as the sun ter recounting God's admonitions

did not come into existence until to Adam in the Garden of Eden the fourth day (Genesis 1), it is concerning the tree of knowledge evident that the light referred to of good and evil, Abraham parenon the first three days, at least, The Author thetically remarks that "as yet the

The Improvement Era for October, 1930 805

Gods had not appointed unto therefore, that periods of darknessAdam his reckoning."(5:13) In continuously illuminated, and, A Spiritual

the of it areother words, entire work upon Such unknown. being Philosophy of Life beforecreation completed case, "all had been the is one day with God."

the present system of measuring Speaking of New Jerusalem, the (Continued from page 803) concluintroduced.time was writer the of The of Revelations Book all. calls lasting for of This good

is certain, therefore, sion that the says: city the need had "And no values, spiritual appreciation of

first six the in mentioned of "days"the sun, neither of the moon, faith for good in fellowmen and chapter of Genesis, also in ifhe to shine in it for the glory of God will toward all, for courage to the it, of Moses and isBook Book of did lighten the and lamb right the for the contend under all * * * been not could have Abraham, light thereof gates the And conditions, willingness for to and days of twentyfour hours duraof it shall not be shut at all by give freely of time, thought, and tion. day; for there shall be no night energy to worthy public causes.

there."(12:23, 25) will state of the advancement The scripture connection with theTN

it is retrospect, general of In response depend not unreasonupon last cited, makes Abraham call, this to its citizens it able to that assume under Deity whenever referred toclear the that "day"socially completed farof the a considerable most of leadership part within Deity whichby Adam earth, unselfish, called sighted, the morally he his and labor a if a die, disobedient, waswould finite that of their courageous "day,"numbers. in might man years, he aperiod of but thousand part his understand message, but the clue concerningfurnishes no disposition with the the that to for thought no term work THE thelength of mentioned "days"

larger to the applied be revolutions be extended whole must would the creation in connection with the to of earth the nations. of yet which not community was No except earth, the thatof were they

state, live states completed. powerful, reveDeity can that however

long. daysnot hours twentyfour

are lations nations. apart other his given servants from Ameriunto

is described planet Kolob The "after ca's interest the ultimate their highest of lanand manner as "set being nighby Abraham is its that in guage, not they of material monopoly to might come a the of throne withunto God"its resources understanding."possibility mil- (Doc. of and Cov. and

to equivalent revolutionperiod of

Sec. itary of the domination world, 1:24)

a thousand years upon the earth, but in the ultimate highest goodbut he gives no information conof all mankind with insecurity cerning of revolution the period Latterday Saint part has no H"HE is injustice to none. and What theof planet Deity which upon the in controversy concerning said principles here the of which by

resides, not or might might which the origin earth. of the knows He policies deshould be Americanbe is the of term a measure "day"eternal, that is the that he God is, true course, termined of each of

as in three the accounts employed creator of the universe that and all nation. every naand Thus creation.of light In the the is of there such as thing no to him tions, in cooperation, working may

thisfollowing, however, even is time. that He knows God omrealize ideals. readily the their more

would be of doubtful value. nipotent, that he works by natural

The illuminating statement is principles, and, therefore, that the recorded in the fortieth chapter of truths of science are equally as "Vf ACGREGOR'S son was stolen

Alma, verse twelve, that "all is one sacred as those of the Written during the war between the day with God, and time only is Word, for both proceed from the Scottish clans, and made to exmeasured unto men."To Deity, same source. change clothes with a peasant boy.

then, time is not divided into peNo, the earth was not created He unconsciously revealed his idenriods of or equal even unequal tity, in however, even peasant's in six days twentyfour of hours is this only done by clothes, the in he by way whichduration—each. light in viewed the When

eternityman. is one Him To palace. things used the of the The revelation, of biblical the modern

day; in fact, to God there is no account of creation is not out of question to be decided was, which

is MacGregor's son?such thing as time—a condition harmony with the findings of geof the lads

difficult toextremely understand disthis the of was method ology. conflict And be can There no butby finite man, none covery. lads Both were brought these records, the less between great two

true. to the palace watched. and The since both Creator the came from

to his children. peasant boy threw himself downINCIDENTALLY it is interestto sleep upon the straw bed in

ing to note that the revelation The dimness of man's vision, the servant's apartment, for such of God concerning the nonexist- influenced at times by his unwillwas his wont; but MacGregor's

ence of time antedated scientific ingness to part with coveted traboy spurned the bed of straw and discovery fully two thousand years. dition, is the basic factor in all chose the best couch in the palace.

Today the world is agog with problems where the truths of theEverybody said, as they looked the statement of Einstein that time ology and the truths of science upon the sleeping boy, "That is does not exist, whereas, the Latterappear to be at variance. MacGregor's son."

day Saints have known this since 1830, the year of the publication > eo of the first edition of the Book of

Mormon. A MAN is like a bit of Labrador spar, which has no luster as you

There are ample reasons for be- * * turn it in your hand until you come to a particular angle; then it

lieving that the throne of God is shows deep and beautiful colors. Emerson...

Expatriation

By HUGH J. CANNON

Chapter Three

tARE indeed is the the United States; but it was the prospect was alluring. Now

less on that acthat her destination was virtuallyoccasion whenR a passenger vessel Samoa none the leaves a Hawaiian port without count. She felt that there was a reached there was a haunting fear

having wafted after it the beautiful peculiar resemblance between the of being left alone, so she assented strains of "Aloha Oe."Nell had islands and herself. to the proposal of her friends.

made a few native friends during U. S. naval officers stationed at There were in Pago Pago a numher brief visit in Honolulu, and outlying ports are always eager to ber of fine young Americans all

these were on the pier to join in see visitors arrive. This interest eager to show her attention and

the farewell song, their natural jolis in nowise diminished when she had more opportunities of seelity subdued by the sorrow of among such arrivals is an undeing the country than it was posparting. They had affectionately niably pretty and piquant young sible to accept. The beauty of the

hung numerous leis around her lady. En route Miss Redfield had harbor, the finest in all the South

neck, so many, indeed, that she made the acquaintance of CommoSeas, with its tropical surroundwas well nigh smothered, and notdore and Mrs. King, the former a ings was charming. Old "Rainwithstanding the brief acquaintretired naval officer, and the party maker,"the picturesque mountain

ance, it was with sincere regret was welcomed by Captain Evans, standing as a sentinel at the mouth that she said goodbye, even though who was in charge of the island, of the bay, invited her to climb to after her farewell to Nate she had and everything possible was done its summit and from that comparfelt nothing in life could be hard to make their visit enjoyable. atively high vantage point gaze

again. Mrs. Conrad, who had over the adjacent country. She

cheered her so on the morning of was fascinated, too, by the dignity of the native sweetness and Samoan arrival,their was there also to bid is ninePAGO r AGO spirit. something and It was newher voyage. bon is ty miles from Apia on which

The two thousand mile journey the island of Upolu in Western strange and she felt would abunfrom Honolulu to Pago Pago, the Samoa. To those who have jourdantly repay intensive cultivation.

American naval base on the island neyed from one point to the other of Tutuila, was made without in the small, illsmelling, roughespecial incident. The one excitriding boat which makes the trip IN studying the native

ing day was that on which they at regular intervals, it is anything character, Nell often thought it crossed the equator. Then out of but a pleasure cruise. But Nell, would not be so intolerable if the

the sea, ostensibly, came King never having made the voyage, was hateful sixteenth of corrupted

Neptune with trident and royal impatient to undertake it. She blood in her veins, instead of besuite, and, according to long establonged to set foot in Apia, her ing Fijian, had come from the Salished custom, held court and orbirthplace and the spot where her moan race, darkskinned though

dered all passengers who were parents lay buried. She was anxit is.

crossing the line for the first time ious to see what association with Here for the first time in her to be haled before him. A penalty scenes and perhaps with people famemory she saw a group of her

of greater or less severity was promiliar to her in babyhood days "brothers"as she contemptuously nounced upon all such. Not being would do to her procrastinating called them. A trading schooner

in this class, Nell escaped the duckmemory. Urged by these desires, had arrived from Suva, Fiji,

ing or other punishment and therepassage on the little interisland manned entirely by natives of that fore enjoyed the fun. boat had been secured immediately land. Had there been no secret

upon arrival, but her fellowvoy- reason for dislike, Nell would have agers, for whom she had formed a been greatly interested in them. In-

A:.S word was passed sincere attachment, partly because deed she was interested, though

around the vessel that land was in of their own natural worth and inwardly repelled. The great bushsight it created the usual excitestill more on account of her heart es of hair, many of them a brick

ment. Miss Redfield, perhaps the hunger, persuaded her to cancel this red from the use of slacked lime,

only person on board not glad the arrangement, remain a few days formed the only covering for their hour to disembark was so near, with them and accept the invitaheads, and if the naked truth must excitedly scanned through a glass tion of Captain Evans to go on be told they had very little coverthe distant islands; in this foreign the U. S. gunboat to Apia, whithing of any kind, merely a lava

land she was to live and die. True, er he was obliged to send Lieutenlava, a simple cloth usually made

Pago Pago and this particular ant Hawley on official business. of bark, fastened about their waists

group were under the control of Notwithstanding her impatience, and reaching to the knees.

The Improvement Era for October, 1930 807

Nell, Mrs. King and Mrs. Evans Apia. Proud of his seamanship, about in the water without anyin company with some of the offithe opportunity of displaying it thing on."

cers were at the wharf as the sailbefore the commodore pleased him, as aping that schooner, even was hardly but of its auxby means in been had JNELL iliary as the privilege of having its gasoline pealing engine, worked she whether as to some doubt way to the mooring place. a few additional hours to cultishould reveal any part of her hisCaptain Evans and the others vate the young lady. tory. Not having reached a posiwere amused at and Nell was cor- "There's Apia,"he said handtive decision this much of the story

respondingly ashamed of her ining the glasses to her as the vessel had quite unconsciously escaped dignant refusal to accept an orange, cut through the water. "You can her. The young man's surprise

a fruit for which Fiji is justly almost see the crescentshaped hardid not surpass her own.

famous, from one of the crew. bor. In another hour we'll be "How strange that we should

"Why did you take such offense near enough to get a glimpse of the meet here,"she said. "You reat that redheaded nigger?"the rusting hulk of the Adler on the member the storm of course?"

captain queried mirthfully. "Of rocks and the grave of Robert "Remember it! I should say I

course he did not have much on but Louis Stevenson on the hill above. do. For years almost I dreamed

at that he had no less than the SaHis companion was trembling of nothing else. The howling of

moan men usually wear and you're with an excitement which her best the wind with which were mingled no longer shocked at them."efforts could not suppress. The screams of men and women on

officer noticed it and started to call shore and the faint cries of doomed

Mr. and Mrs. King who were dissailors on the warships in the harother. each creetly entertaining fellows of the bor! many A good 1 girl was HE unhappy

into "Please them,"don't disturb a fancy to take seemed who hadsufficiently to take wellbred the

I greatly admiredraillery good naturedly, but the terposed the young lady. me and whom

word "nigger"had aroused tumult "But I'm afraid you're going to were drowned. Yes, indeed I rein her breast greater than anything faint, Miss Redfield. Let me help member it. Often on squally nights

which had occurred since leaving you to a seat."ashore or at sea I have wished I

home. To hear one of her own "No, I'd rather stand, but I am could forget it. But you must've

race called by that odious name very much excited. Of course you been just a babe at the time."

was the exorbitant price she was have not heard, for I haven't told "I was four years old and of paying for a few days of pleasure. anyone, that I was born in Apia. course it all seems like a dream, but

This and one other thing caused My parents were killed in the tor- I hope sight of the place will revive memory."the Adlcr wrecked which nadoregret she followed that had not as the a such sorrow "After are the warships and other and orginial departed intentionher and

it I think should brought, storm there."the buried Marstal. the Hawley,with to wise be let memory would astonished. lieutenant, to was Hawley "Yourugged young whom sleep."

that in at time? were the assigned of Apia conveying Why, dutywas

I recall to anxious "No; am I! little old eight its year destination, to so partythe was was A life detail possible of my I every least at breeches; in inknee great kid taking too anobviously

It will parents. here of and my I wasn't breeches attractive in kneeterest in her. when other Like was

in work."me my that learned wearing a lava lava or paddling help beaushe hadwomen, in the back "In your work

its often disadvantages.ty So had States?"United

off to obliged head she beenhad in Apia.""In work my their before admirationyoung men

I guess understand. "I don't

feeling a ardent toturned more here stay very to going not You're instinctively shethat when knew

It evident are long, was you?"after guard.to be her on Now,

a possuch that of thought mere her in ruthlessthe which manner officer's sibility heart beat the made fate, treatedaffections been by had little faster. continued. a He "And it if attention, becamemasculine

thing, loverlike, remotely most another waseven fended at my ifcuriosity,you'll notI underbe ofStill instanceoffensive. in this

she sympathized with the young stood your parents were living in fellow; he was a long way from America."

often relate "I famdon't very least was andhome lonely—at this to strangers, history but first impression; her but ilythat was

it was soon apparent that little time I was surprised into it by the cause existed for loneliness, favorexcitement of coming back to my ite as he was with men and women old home, and now that I've told of the colony. Though polished you so much there's no good reason

by training and environment, there why I shouldn't answer your othwas a natural and delightful air er questions. For a long time

of unconventionality about him. Samoa is to be my home, at least,

to speak more accurately, I intend

islands. The parents I have in HAWLEY made no living somewhere in the South Sea

effort to conceal his pleasure at the America are the dearest peoole in assignment to escort the party to Lieutenant Hawley (Continued on page 837)

Joseph Modern SmithsA By JOHN HENRY EVANS American Prophet

IV IS midnight, and we are in different from any of these that Stoal-—on the farm or in the flourITthe home of the Smiths in causes her to be anxious tonight. mill of the former and in an old

is a redletter day in Spanish mine of the latter in PennManchester. Not the log Tomorrow

house that we have heard so much her life, and in the life of the sylvania. As the friendship bethese especially of Joseph family, in that and tween men ripwhole in theseabout one from pages—the his about ened, he has told Joseph. them It is the day son when the to her Josephwhich young went

the grove yonder seven years ago the ancient record is to be delivered visions and the ancient record that and to which he returned a changinto his hands by the Angel Mohe is to have in his keeping for ed boy, and the one whose humble roni. a time. They have believed him;

attic chamber, if we may call it they have trusted in his truthfulby so highsounding a name, was "COUR long, anxious years they ness; and now they are in the

signally honored by three visitahave looked forward to this Smith home awaiting the deliverof the sacred plates.tions of a heavenly being,-—-but event. Perhaps the mother has ance

another house just across the line been more concerned than any one separating Palmyra and Mancheselse, not even excluding Joseph [T IS barely possible, however, ter townships, which is more prehimself, over the coming of this that no one in all the house istentious and roomy and which notable day. And that for two asleep, as we at first supposed—not

the ambitious Alvin had set his reasons. First, she is older than Josiah Stoal, nor Joseph Knight,

heart on but had not lived to see he and therefore has greater fears nor any of the Smiths, least of all finished. that he will not prove equal to Joseph. They are in bed, though.

Mother Smith is sitting up his responsibilities. That is what At least, Mother Smith believes

alone. She is at her eternal task the years bring to us. And then they are. But, for all that, they

of touching up a piece of oilcloth she vs always apprehensive that may not be asleep. It may very

that is meant for a table covering. there will be a slipup of things. well be that they have on their

Long since the dishes have been For things you set your heart on minds just what she has on hers washed and put away and the have somehow a way of slipping the thing which is to happen tokitchen set to order. up. All the family share her anmorrow.

She is in a high tension over ticipation, without feeling her keen For scarcely anything can be of something. You can see that very sense of responsibility. greater importance to them than

clearly. It is not because everyThere are friends, too, who are the matter involved in what this

thing is still as death, both within looking forward to this great day young man Joseph has been telling and without the house. For every with anxious eyes. Some of them them.

one else is in bed and no doubt are the Stoals and the Knights, They put the thing very practically.fast asleep by this time. And neighbors of the Smiths—if you

outside all the barnyard noises have do not think of the word "neighLike everyone else they want critically; is bors"too the to for a life there whethergradually know scrambling ceased—the

live is for twentyfive Knights It after death. miles the themof chickens the roosts, for room on

the movement of the cows and away, in Colesville. Two of these great question. But here is a manhorses in their effort to locate a—Josiah Stoal and Joseph Knight, who says he has actually seen asatisfactory spot to lie down in. both elderly men—have come to resurrected person—Moroni, who

Not a breath of air stirs the great the Smith home, in order to be lived fourteen hundred years ago trees in the forest around the clearon hand when the golden volume on the American continent, who ing. is brought home. And outside in died here, and who later was raised

Nor is Mother Smith's apparent the barn is the horse that has from the dead. And he has seen

nervousness due to any fear of the pulled them here in the light wahim not once only, but many oppressive night stillness. She is gon, which stands hardby in the times. If such a thing is true of

accustomed to being alone times yard. It belongs to Mr. Knight. Moroni, why, it may be true in

like this. Besides, even if she Through Joseph himself these their own case, for Moroni, by

weren't, she is a stronghearted wotwo friends have picked up their all accounts, was very much like man, a pioneer woman, to whom interest in the coming forth of the themselves in most respects. And

small timidities involving only ancient record. During these four now, if Joseph gets these sacred

outer dangers are altogether unyears, as he could be spared by his plates that the Angel has in his known. She has no uneasy confather and as he needed money for keeping, it will be the best of eviscience carrying on a warfare in his personal expenses, Joseph has dence that the rest of the story

her breast. It is something very worked for Mr. Knight and Mr. is true.

The Improvement Era for October, 1930 809

What wonder is it then, if they you could wish to see, but it is While it was in my hands, I could are all awake in their beds, thinkwithout the "sweet wind"that keep it, and no man had power ing? gently "kisses the trees."At a to take it away. But now I give

jogtrot the horse takes the narrow it up to you. Beware, and look

If ways. do so, to your you lane and then the broad road past well attention SMITH'SVf OTHER

it, retain to have power you shall is attracted of Cumorah. by the opening

a door leading to the kitchen from Joseph has often gone over this till the time for it to be transanother room, a bedroom. She highway since the day when he lated."

quickly turns her head. first pried open that stone box with With the interpreters in his

It is young Joseph. He is its precious contents. You may pocket and the book wrapped in

dressed for a journey, the object remember that the Angel instruct- a cloth under his arm, Joseph goes of which she surmises. ed him to visit the place every back down the hill to Emma.

"Mother,"he says, "have you year on the twentysecond of SepThen getting into the wagon, he got a chest with a lock and key?"tember, till he should obtain the drives toward his home on the

Instantly Mrs. Smith takes plates and the interpreters. And road he has come.

alarm. She says not a word. She he has faithfully kept his tryst When he has gone about a mile,

looks at him as if she were to with the Angel there, and received however, he stops the horse, gets blame for some great mishap. instruction and guidance from his out of the vehicle with the sacred

Seeing her fears, he goes up to heavenly tutor. record, and goes into the woods.

her. "Never mind, Mother; I can And now, as he goes to the hill Off the main road a few rods he

do very well for the present withthe fourth time since he first saw finds an old birch tree much deall the plates, his heart leaps up with cayed, except the bark. With hisout it. Be calm—everything's

right!"hope and wonder. When he pocket knife he cuts the bark with

Then he leaves the room by the comes back on this road, he thinks, great care, turns it back, makes a outer door. he will have with him the sacred hole of sufficient size to receive

She listens to his retreating footbook. They will be perfectly safe the plates, and, putting the plates

steps as he goes round the house. in his possession now, after his four into the cavity, replaces the bark

She hears him go to the stable, years of heavenly tutelage. No till you could never tell, if you

bring out a horse, hitch it to the longer does he think of it in terms did not know differently, that the wagon standing in the yard outof what the plates might bring old birch holds in its bosom the side, him in money, but only in terms most wonderful treasure in the

Presently the inner door creaks of what it will mean to the world world.

again on its hinges. This time in the salvation of souls. This strange task done, Joseph

a enters the young room. woman goes back and the two to Emma,

isIt wife. Joseph's She, Emma, reaching hill the foot the of proceed once more homeward.

istoo, attired for a journey someleaves he in charge of Emma /"nNVwhere, for she her wears bonnet the horse wagon, and pushes and finand riding dress. With only a his way alone through the woods 7HEN Mother Smith has

glance and a smile in the direction up to where the stone box is. He ished her sleepless vigil, as

of her motherin-law, she passes uncovers it as he has done four I have already said, it is early setthrough Presently she the room and joins her to work times a dawn. a stick for before—withhusband. breakfast. for on her preparation bar. there to Angel is give The

A minute or two later Mother him some final instructions. As the time arrives for sitting

Smith hears the wagon leave the "Now you have got the record,"down to the meal, there is no small yard and enter the narrow lane says the heavenly messenger as he amount of confusion. Father

which leads westward into the road surrenders the longtreasured volSmith is disturbed because Joseph to is not ready for breakfast, and he Canandaigua—the mail route ume, "you will have to be watchthat passes the hill Cumorah. ful and faithful to your trust. is about to go into his room to

When the last sound of the Otherwise you will be overpowcall him. He does not know that

wheels dies out on her ears, Mother ered by wicked men, for you are Joseph and Emma left the house

Smith sits there in deep meditabut a man. They will lay every during the night.

tion. After a while she gets up, plan that is possible to get it away "Don't call for him,"says the

goes to a small table, takes off it from you, and if you do not heed tactful Lucy, "because he may the large family Bible, returns to continually, they will succeed. want to eat breakfast with his wife

the chair, and begins to read. Later this morning."

she kneels down and prays. And "No, no,"the father protests;

on rising she sits there, plunged "I must have him sit down with in reverie once more, the Bible me as usual."

meantime on her lap. She does "Now, Father,"Mother Smith

not stir till dawn. urges, "do let him eat with his

wife this morning."

VfEANWHILE Joseph and EmThis ends the argument.

ma proceed to the hill. It But now Mr. Knight comes into

is such a night as poor lovelorn the kitchen much perturbed in his

Jessica describes to Lorenzo in the mind. "My horse is gone,"he

Merchant of Venice. The full says excitedly, "and I can't find

moon rides high in the clearest sky The Hill Cumorah (Continued on page 818)

Theology and Evolution From the Historical Point o View (By P. JOSEPH JENSEN

Teacher of History in the L. D. S. College

faithless, be not 1903, side, and when theSINCE objectthis soGuide Posts intobut believing."my From called "Langley's Folly"

the truth Thomas learned its flight, the made aviator in Theological lesson reverently, and exclaimed "My has the aeroplanewith accompand God."mylished many remarkable feats. We History Lord

leave the reader to reflect on We the great popularityall remember of Captain Lindbergh in his "lone this unique objectlesson concern- a ing Father messenger the from flight,eagle"innote and with have. he thus had when me And earth to with and on God manterest elevation the attained by his he spoken, hands them showed this class question: in Could any "airmen,"approximatelyGerman feet. his yet while they and And scientific a be able age to our makeeight miles. * remarkable * * Yet more said he wondered, unto scientific test careful than more far are these events thanby which ye here meat? them, any Have And apostles the eleven Sadid of ourtheological records. history For a broiled piece of a gave they him vior's visit to them? writes:example, Joseph Smith fish, of an comb. and honey And

called angel) (an"He by me similar he took it, and did eat before |*T is with a somewhat said thatname, and unto me he them."objectlesson bethat theology a sent messengerwas the from

is rein gins worldhistory andpresence of to that me, and God not with was Thomas "RUT peated a times not throughout fewhis (Writings was Moroni."name Jesus came."them when the ages day. to our down ownof Joseph our Smith While 2:33) the exabove Those had had who historical characters, AbraThe did "fly"to another"airmen"not it told perience to "But Thomas. are Moses, ham, and Joseph Smith theologicalplanet, history records said I shall he them, Except unto typical. histhe of student Totestimonies that messenheavenly see his in the the print of hands their tory influence in theologygers to come do our nails, finger the into and put my planet—the a intelligence standard of showsearth, to the communicate word nails, print the of thrust and my is to second that our of only whichof God. I side, his into will behand not fact, declare himself, in they Lord

lieve."Eight days later Jesus came it is through him as his prophets

other the when was with Thomas a contribuex- that they speak made and act. For"DESTALOZZI

disciples. ten said Jesus Then to ample, tion to the cause note education the following: of "Thus

in what has been called the object Thomas, "Reach hither thy finger, I, Abraham, talked with the Lord, lesson in the teaching of children. and behold my hands; and reach face to face, as one man talks with

It has proved to be of permanent hither thy lhand, and thrust it another."(Abraham 3:11) And

value in the field of learning, for Moses "saw God face to face, and it is based upon a fundamental he talked with him, and the glory in of our psychical constitution Moses."was (Moses and upon God in his "ConfesUGUSTINE,

nature. this principle a pillar "I exsaw of light Applying 1:2) Asions."in his early tells of a dream

to the study of theological history Christian life, when as a young actly over my head * * * when we cite first the unique instance lawyer he was intensely absorbed in the light rested upon me, I saw in theological objectlessons. ComCiceronian.Cicero, and Heall thoughthis tasteshe weredied two personages * * * One of them

bining sentences from the historiand came to the celestial gate. spoke to me, calling me by name,

ans John and Luke, we have, "Who are you?"asked the keeper. and said (pointing to the other)

"Then the same day at evening, "Augustine, of Milan.""What are This is my beloved Son, Hear

you?""No, "A Christian."you him!"(Writings of Joseph Smith a Ciceronian."Augustine askedbeing the first of the week,—came are

Jesus, and stood in the midst, and an explanation, and the angelic 2:17)

saith unto them, Peace be unto gatekeeper replied: "All souls are

in estimated THIS world by what chronologicallyyou."ar- "But they men, were terrified HPHESE

in you, In THAT. Augaffrighted, * ranged,and that dominated Moses, Peand supposed Abraham, the of the Christ ustine, not Costhey had seen a spirit. And he pet, but the Cicero of Roman jurister, James, John, Thomas and

said unto them, why are ye trouprudence, was the dominating force. Joseph Smith, all historical charcan here."not enter Augustine You acters,bled? times and at various past in the arise do thoughts why

startled so that was he awoke, and hearts? years,in your four thousand Behold borne have my hands resolved that henceforth Christ and

and my feet, that it is I myself: not Cicero should rule in his testimony to the world that they

handle me, and see; for a spirit thought and heart and life. know of heavenly messengers comhath not flesh and bones as ye see ing to earth to teach mankind.

The Improvement Era for October, 1930 811

In addition to these which we history. In the book of Moses prove it, nor had students throughcall miraculous events, the written we read: "For a book of rememout one hundred years of study,

word -of the Lord in theological brance we (Enoch is speaking) seen it. In a foregoing paragraph,

history is by direction of its auhave written among us, according too, we named seven men who thor to pass through a thorough to the pattern given by the finger knew of messengers coming from historical test. For example, "and of God: and it is written in our God who "created man in his own

unto three shall they (the plates own language."(Moses 6:46.) image."

of the Book of Mormon) be shown by nrHE significance of the power of God: the distinction bewherefore they shall Our Moral Leader tween the statements

know of a surety that Editorial from "Daily Oklahoman,"March 21, 1930 of these two groups of these things are true. men is fundamental.

And in the mouth of \J F ALL men it seems most strange to see a pillar of the The former thought, in as the chamappearing congress advanced Church latter the shall Mormonthree witnesses knew. few A

the the of protector public morals. of In pion view and lines Millthese things be estabfrom John

originated he encountered Joseph opposition Smith by when lished."the Mormon movement, of the obstacles thrown in the way helps to emphasize

In compliance with of Brigham Young when he was converting the Church into this. They are, "What

this theological history a political republic, and of the criticisms of the Church voiced is the difference to our act the polygin sought to prohibit the days when Edmundstest, thinkbetween minds Oliver Cowdery, it is territory, to see passing practices strange Utah in amous a reality ing of and and Whitmer,David faith the leading the senatorial of Senator Smoot Mormon

Martin Harris, all forces which battle to preserve the purity of American homes representing to ourhonorable American and morals by making imported literature simonpure. When selves an imaginary

leader the pillar becomes acknowledged a Mormon of the moral picture? I confesscitizens, I can declare—"We

it is about. to think something country, of the the the plates forces see no escape fromhave seen

which contain this recopinion that the disord (the Book of tinction is ultimate

Mormon) and we also know that Again, "and a book of remem and primordial. There is no more

they have been translated by the brance was kept, in the which was difficulty in holding it to be so power of God * * * wherefore we recorded, in the language of Adam, than in holding the difference beknow of a surety that the work is for it was given unto as many as tween a sensation and an idea to true."called upon God to write by the be primordial. It seems almost

"A fundamental contention of spirit of inspiration; and by them another aspect of the same differthe higher criticism of the Pentatheir children were taught to read ence—I cannot help thinking,

teuch is that it was not written by and write, having a language therefore, that there is in the reMoses, but that it constitutes which was pure and undefiled * membrance of a real fact, as dis- a compilation of various tradition- * * and a genealogy was kept of tinguished from that of a thought, ary narratives made about nine the children of God."(Moses 6:5, an element which does not consist,

hundred years after the time of 6, 8). in a difference between the mere

Moses."This liberal school of ideas which are present to the mind

Biblical criticism endeavors to har-. rf in the cases. This element, howit, constitutes beof men>s knowledge

difference Go ( everlief andwe isdefinetheprevailing between of messengers frommonize the philosophy—theword of God withdocthe knowledge1

trine of evolution. God, and his spoken and written memory and imagination. From

direction approach, we thewhatever give the name that we this difference seems to science revealed which"DUT theological history estabwordology—"a"lishes what Mr. Whiston sugtreats of the being and attributes path. When we arrive closeat it, ourwe

a passage ingests a footnote on seem reached, as to have it were, relation to us."of God and his

the of Jews. Antiquitiesin the the central intellectual point of our as it is such data Furthermore,

It follows: "Josephus here takes this which gives the evidence to nature presupposed and built upon

genealancient thesenotice, that for in seen God,, us every have not attempt to exwho we make first set thoseogies were by down apostle faith the our which in him plain the recondite more phenolived, from thenthat them and defines things as "evidence of Paul of our being."mena mental posterto transmittedwere down seen."not James, (Quoted psychology, by I the suppose to beity, which

true account of that matter. For In a former article we named Vol. II, p. 285.)

there is no reason to imagine that five men who had become promimen were not taught to read and nent in the doctrine of evolution, write soon after they were taught Thse men are Charles Lyell, TheSpencer, ore Herbert all the perhapsto speak; and by t Schwann, or one knew man NEVER Ernest Charles and Darwin 'the steadily himself, under evaded theMessiah who,! woman who Haeckel. typical quomade We Creator, Goverthe orFather of prayer public house was and wortations of from which them two

nor of Mankind and who freare characteristic of all. Those ship on the Lord's day, who

quently in those early days apquotations show that those men habitually neglected it and had a peared to them."(p. 37, Bk. I, only thought evolution had taken theory on which it was neglected,

Chapter 3). This thought we place. Not one of them gives an who did not come to grief and

repeat is established by theological instance which he had seen to bring other people to grief.

White Hyacinths to Feed the Soul

By ELSIE C. CARROLL

and the power; the shapes of castles anywhere."The great

things, their colors, lights and Danish sculptor, Thorwaldson,

I ihad two loaves, shades; their changes, and surrealized the importance of keeping I.F the ideal to I would sell one of them and buy prises—but we are made so that before us a vision of

white hyacinths to feed my soul.""we love first, when we see them such a degree that he wept over

In these lines is expressed indipainted, things we have passed perthe perfection of his statue of

Christ, friends cared to his times, a explaining haps hundred nor rectly souls that the great truth our * his genius to see. for that he given wept because was * * Art as quite as need nourishing much

since statue that."the to goes be decaying say that must on He frequentbeings. physicalour Too

satisfied absolutely exuses so other him. us to each help He,forget matter God this, and no ly we

his plained before that always our out."minds loaves we have we let "lending manyhow

far he ideal was beyond what Artists, then, because they see starve.the soul

What are these white hyacinths these beauties which we who are could execute, and that because this true never longer could he was no see not artists until they cannot writer of speaks? the which

create a great again. art of work to been pointed us, have out a first teacher of grade once have A

hung up in her school room a copy as their mission the interpretation Browning expresses the imporof a beautiful painting—"The of beauty in a way that we ]can astance of this vision of the ideal

Song of the Lark."She told her similate it. when he says:

pupils to look at it for a few moOne of the mediums of the inments and then to tell her what it terpretation of beauty is words. "Ah, but a man's reach should exceed

his grasp, has appreexpressed her One poet of, think or themmade how it a heaven for?"ciation art Or what's the of of her medium feel..them childrenmade The

in these lines: a varietyresponded of comwith j And again in these lines: little facements. One boy whose

seemed fairly to glow with respon- "GodOf cloudswove a andweb starsof loveliness.and birds, "What hand and brain went over paired?

siveness to the beauty in the picture But made not anything at all What heart alike conceived and dared?

all had been? its thought proved What actsaid: makes me As beautiful as words.""Why—it—it fleshly screen?"will the but felt Whatforget I wood."had to carry in

Recently at devotional exercises It is of the art of literature that us Literature the before holds up I literatureat the University, to wish Brigham what Young speak—of ideals present. the past of the and for can President of the George Brim- H. do somewhen us—of piece each Furthermore, great of it celehall arose to give his souls. feed can one of ways our

itself, grows out of abrated fourminute addresses, he Literature defined has been by literature great ideal.exclaimed all as including of those someone

"I am not the same man I was writings that express for us;what Another of these five values is

before I heard the beautiful music we consciously or unconsciously that literature can give us a mastery we have just listened to. I am a feel the need of saying but cannot of our own language. When we

different man; I am a better man. say. In other words, just as the read the beautiful things that have

That music added something to painter with his colors shows us been woven out of words——rightly

me that was not of me before."beauties we haven't been able to chosen and arranged, we even unThe child and the man each had see before, so the writer reveals for consciously absorb some of that

fed his soul on beauty. In the us beauties we have not been able beauty of expression. We become

one case, beauty of color and form; to express. like that with which we associate

in the other, beauty of sound. in more ways than one. If we

And so we might define these are constantly thrown with persons white hyacinths that feed the soul are many who use slang, we may at first T HERE as those things which satisfy the things that literature can do for be shocked, but in time we will aesthetic, the spiritual side of our us. One writer has pointed out find ourselves using slang ex-

—thenatures:productsmusk, ofpainting,the fine arts.literature fivebe derivedof the fromoutstandingthe studybenefitsof litto pressions.tinuously readingJust sogreatif 'weandare beaucon-

erature, two of which I wish to tiful literature, we not only are dwell upon in particular. He shows unconsciously becoir|ing familiar

Browning, who how literature keeps before us the with the great ideals of the litermight have been a master in three vision of the ideal. The imporature, and becoming more like

arts, tells us in one of his poems tance of this value can hardlybe them, just as Ernest in "The Great that the mission of the artist is to over - emphasized. Everything Stone Face,"unconsciously took

interpret the beauty in the world worthwhile in life is built upon on the characteristics which the in such a way that we who are ideals, and literature has been face on the mountain symbolized, riot artists can see it and be fed by called a storehouse of ideals. but we are also assimilating a

it. He says that we've seen the "He who builds no castles in the knowledge of words and their

world, the beauty and the wonder air,"sings the poet, "builds no beauty of arrangement. With..

The Improvement Era for October, 1930 813

little conscious effort we could inwas going to be robbed. However, sonnet on his blindness gives* us a

deed master our language through one of the men told him that they means of growth::;

our contacts with literature. There had heard he was going to pass

are in our language over a hundred there at that time and that they "When I consider how my life is spent

Ere half in days world this dark and my thousand words. gained permission average had out The to come wide

uses person about three thousand of the.mine and see him. "We talent that one which Were to death And

of them; Milton used eight thoujust want to shake your hand,"hide

sand and Shakespeare many times the miner concluded. "We just Lodged in me useless, though my soul

bent more the average. bless wanted to say the 'God man therewith Maker, and premy "To serve

Life.'wrote of 'The Psalm who sent true account my

Lest returning chide; he Lincoln's in speech Gettysburg

of value exact der light daylabor, "'Doth THIRD God straight the minutes two to went A nied?'literature lies its in restore to power central idea a of occasion, great and I ask. Patience fondly to But prevent the past and broaden underour a literary masterpiece, became bereplies, That doth soon murmur, not 'God standing of nature. Hishuman need it cause a for spoke people who tory did, teach people us may what gifts.: Either his or man's work own Who needed as one spokesman a and

tells literature i felt best but...,. they ushow says: into "It commentator put his Bear mild yoke, serve they best. him it. literature of about way we By fitting the emotions words state dumb His can transport ourselves to age any Is kingly;, at his thousands filled that bidding every his heart of auor any country; we can associate dience.".,,,, speed,

in the most intimate way with the And post o'er land and ocean without finest and noblest of characters. We must find ourselves in what rest

also read; then the will serve They reading we serve who only stand and so, vicariously, we can broadAnd

..wait."as a for us. Expression medium enrich to a en and our experiences

all. It is need us of in helps us is limitless degree. need There no Again, feel intensity the we may times of as as times, in well sorrow lonely, ever of being anyone or of love for aching expression an of joy. of Scotts'They "Home associate of into needing 'with have which not the we power. We in her Brought Warrior Dead,"ferior personalities the with myneed to only turn to or Burns, its refrain, or weep, "She must literriads of great.characters in or Browning, Mrs. to Browning will reveals die,"this of need ature to give ready companionship, find outlet. an Surely Mrs. outlet. Shakespeare inspiration courage the expression—orshe and upon it said has for in us her says: "Give words. sorrow The opening books. mere of eighteenth for exgrief that does speak, whispers not sonnets—theBrowning last values, those and The two: ample the o'erfraught heart bids and I literature as to are amplify, wish

it break."Wordsworth literature as a glorian outlet, and has the "How do I love thee? Let me count the in these lines: same thought fication way. of the commonplace.

love thee to the depth and breadth and is literature in Just an there what way alone a of I came thought me "To height grief. itoutlet? does us exhelp How soul reach, can feeling My when of out retimely utterance that gave thought A press could not express what we sight

lief it? without And I again was strong."IForlovethetheeendsto oftheBeinglevel andof everyideal Grace.day's you have been reading When

need, quiet of sun candlelight. and says, Emerson fine, "All especially haven't something men live by MostI love freely, thee as strive men for Right in and stand need of expresor truth yourself toyou often exclaimed I love thee purely, as they turn from

others: "I have felt just that way sion. The man is only half himPraise.

myself but couldn't express it."self; the other half is expression."I love thee with the passion put to use

The poet has expressed it for you, A great picture, or piece of muIn my oldfaith.griefs, and with my childhood's

and when you thrill and find yoursic, or poem satisfies first a want I love thee with a love I seemed to lose, self lifted lost usual is With being of above the artist's soul, your love this thee my with and if saints—I

the breath, it, relevel as in are read a you a national or universal the want tears, Smiles, of life! if and, all my God itality expressing artist of production the becomes choose,

is just a being fed readsoul a national asyourself-—youryouyou universal expresor I shall love thee but better after death."

as the writer's was while he wrote. sion. Is not "The Star Spangled

Banner"as much our expression of patriotism as it was Francis Scott JTERHAPS the need

BiURNS was idolized Keys? Is not "Home Sweet Home"of keeping an ideal before us has

by his countrymen, because he exan outlet of our devotion to a unipossession of us and strives in vain pressed what they felt but knew versal ideal, just as it was an outlet for expression. Then will we turn

not how to express. They would for the love of John Howard to Longfellow's "Excelsior,"or to

read his poems and laugh and cry. Payne? Bryant's "The Chambered Nautilfor through their reading they us"with its:

were finding an outlet for their own emotions. On one occasion a Perhaps some iiius-'"Build thee more stately mansions, O my

soul. in trations ascarriage literature is an was which Longfellow to how

thy swift As seasons roll!

feelings, the outlet of suddenly ourriding was halted and an unlockthy Leave lowvaulted door opened. The poet was suring and expansion of our personLet each new temple, noblerpast! than the last.

prised and somewhat alarmed alities may help. When we feel Shut thee from heaven with a dome more

vast,. surdiscouraged discovered over himself handicaps andwhen he

Till thou art free, at length disappointments of coalbe- a group are gropingrounded and by thine Leaving outgrowngrimed miners. He thought he for courage in our need, Milton's unresting sea!"shell by life's

814 The Improvement Era for October, 1930

And so, on and on, examples Nor in the cup of budding flowers. "O world, I cannot hold thee close

redbreast's tone. in the mellow Nor enough! given. bemight

in that Nor the bow skies! winds, thy gray wide smiles in Thy as to how literature gloriNow showers, rise. roll that and The mists

fies the commonplace. and scum of things But in the mud

something alway, alway Because; the poet has an inspired There sings."Thy woods,and sagthis autumn day, that ache

vision and can see more of the Wordsworth, in his lovely And all but cry with color! That gaunt

crag a as "I Lonely poem, Wandered of those the than in worldbeauty To crush! To lift the lean of that black sight of a shows Cloud"how the artists, a has are he notus who bluff!

keener and broader love for everybed of daffodils can be treasured World, world, I cannot get thee close thing about him. The intensity up to give bliss long after the acenough!

all, I in it a glory have "Long known vanished. tual vision has love forof commonplace that

I this; never knew glory But finds enough Tennyson as well expressed is perhaps things is a passion such Here

in a tiny flower suggestiveness and as Brooke, by anyone Rupert Iby apart. stretcheth Lord, do fear As me

that fine young British poet who to provoke thoughts on the proThou'st made the world too beautiful this year; subjects: of foundest life for his love of manhisgave

fall is all soul of out but wall, in crannied the My "Flower me—let the in War.kind World Among

I crannies, the of out pluck you call."let prithee, leaf: bird burning no No things, he similar othermany in here hand hold you my exAnd expresses Barter Teasdale's Sara

I could but understandpresses his love for Little all in ail a similar intense appreciation for flower—ifare, root and and all, What you

"White plates and cups, clean gleaming I should know what God and man is."the beauty of the world, and of

withRinged blue lines; and feathery The sight of a cloud, the breath life: dust; faery

Wet ioofs beneath the lamplight; the of the wind, the flight of a lark "Life has loveliness to sell-—

strong crust all challenged the imagination of All beautiful and splendid things,

Of friendly bread; and many tasting food; Shelley to the extent that in their Blue waves, whitening on the cliff,

Rainbows and blue bitter smoke of wood; commonplaceness he saw wonder Climbing fire that sways and sings,

faces children's up, looking And like a cup. Holding"The *****benison of hot water; furs to touch; and glory enough to inspire deathwonder

The good smell of old clothes; and other less lyrics. To him the skylark

sell loveliness "Life has to bird, from such—but "a form was not a

a gold, like curve of Music friendly smell of comfortable The joy;"unbodied fingers, heaven,""an trees in rain the it Scent of pine reek fragrance, the musty and Hair's

That lingers about dead leaves and last is like "a poet hidden in the light Eyes that love you, arms that hold, year's ferns. of thought singing hymns that And for your spirit's still delight

"Dear names, will move the world;"it is like Holy thoughts that star the night.

Royal to me! others throng thousand And a palace in maiden highborn all "a loveliness! for have "Spend you flames

it cost, the never count and as Buy love;"sweet music, with tower tap laugh from water's dimpling Sweet of peace singing whole hour one in For is like golden a "it glowworm spring or

lost. strife well a year of Count many that do voices and in ground; the Holes rose like "a dell a of and dew,"ecstasy a for of breath And sing; its green in all own embowered or be."been, have Give would you pain, s body laughter, and too in Voices

is better "its music leaves;"and pantthe deep peace; to and; turned Soon

ing train; than all treasures that in books are "If I had two loaves, I would

Firm sands; the little dulling edge of found."sell one of them and buy white

foam little fieldhyacinths to feed a glorifies my soul."Burns and dwindles as the wave That brown

"lotfSJgo*- his earthof position to the mouse goes home;

companion: an stones; gay for hour; born washen And is one gentleman who A TRUE

dominion sorry truly man's cold the "I'm * never inflicts unnecessary pain. earthen social union, black Nature's iron; moist broken of Has Graveness

mould; And justifies that ill opinion He carefully avoids whatever may

Sleep; and high places; footprints in the Which makes thee startle cause a jar or a jolt in the mind

thy poor me, dew; At earth born companion of those cast he is with whom

mortal."fellow and brown horsechestnuts, And And oaks; his great to concern being make

glossynew; And new peeled sticks; and shiny pools on everyone at ease and at home. He grass;—AikNNA H. BRANCH has his eyes on all his company,

All these have been my loves!"glorifies her mother's hands which he is tender toward the bashful,

hide delicate mercies "like flowers gentle toward the distant, and merseems touch ciful in and spring"whose absurd. the can toward He wonhow IMAGINE little child the is to recollect transmit to to speaking, he whom to appear the world would derful

all beautiful the of alagainst he unseasonable guards "memories these feel all if about could us we touched have the irritopics hands lusions things which on may this as young things commonplace of is hidden thing, tate; sound in garden seldom he prominent did. poet she mother's words conversation, never Her wearisome. wings."and as the defined has been Genius

is little his says or never in mean He the in seeing wonder of power earth simple around our "Shine disputes, takes never unfair advanpoets the commonplace. Among shadowings, golden With tages, personalities never mistakes the in touch they thing glory find every us to help common And who for or sayings or sharp arguments, wings."Is exquisite with Shelare Emerson, commonplace

evil insinuates dare he not which St. Millay Vincent Edna Both Tennyley, Wordsworth, Keats,

out. longsighted pruFrom to say seem almost Sara Teasdale and our later singers, of son: and

dence, the observes of he maxim glory the the joy which with burst St. Vincent Edna own country ever sage "that conthe ancient we see this world in commonplace they Branch Hempstead Millay, Anna

ourselves duct toward our enemy gives them. Sara Teasdale. and

if our to be he were someday former in her God's World as The says: Emerson '"Tis not in high stars alone','says: friend."—Cardinal Newman.

What Book?

By HARRISON R. MERRILL

Clark, as friend the are to me. great Badger you cold, just who are like people—theyBOOKS Dakota, laureate to enjoyment the poet of North most my soul. In fact, they contributes have a

and bore with you to tears, as the rubs elbows Lew Sarett, the might are dreams, people—the say. Riley has a place James moderns Whitcomb people. revelations of thehopes,

Vanity Fair in a very real sense I can, however, tell you about of honor beside Emerson, who to

I like them. me, is a major prophet, so to speak.is Thackeray, just as The Raven my friends and why

are freis Edgar Allen Poe, in a particular Perhaps my introduction will help Omar and James Allen leisuremood. The ideas imprisoned in you to know them and through quent companions of my

the words by means of symbols we knowing them, you may come to as are Sinbad, the Sailor, Walt call letters and in sentences by love them, too. Then perhaps Whitman and Poe.

means of a combination of words some day you'll introduce your I am fond of anthologies, esare distillations from their minds. friends to me. I meet many pecially anthologies of poetry, for

I have somebody's choiceTheir ideas are, as it were, prethrough book reviews whom afterin them served for future use. wards I come to love. of the poems of Sandburg or LindThe sarcasm, the humor that What book, then? say, Edna St. Vincent Millay or

was Thackeray and the melancholy Not sets such as agents sell unEmily Dickinson.

that was Poe, like the flavor of less one has much money, for sets I have probably named enough strawberries or pears, are tucked are usually expensive, and usually of my friends jnow to indicate

I am, foraway to be released by the browscarry many people with them who what sort of a person is known by the companying mind. can never mean much in one's a man Because libraries are everywhere home. Not books of the month he keeps. But no matter—I am

and free reading material is abunor any other scheme that leaves what I am. I choose my bookdant, many people think they can the selection for some one else to How do

get along without owning books. make. friends?

They can, but the joy of intimate I am fond of individual books; I browse among the books in

I find onecompanionship, the book borrowbooks with individuality. Strange a book store and when

is it strange that seems to flash back a newer can never know. One can as ly enough—or gilt edges world to my signalling, I buy it.easily borrow friends and expect—I am not partial to

them to reflect back friendship as and leather bindings and expensive Or, sometimes, I read what some to borrow a book and expect it to dress for my friendly books. I reviewer has said of one he has

become an abiding counselor and like buckram and cloth, and even met, or I hear you tell of the help companion. paper and pasteboard if they are you drew from some particular

friend. done. is too No man

of books I like some I do not read at fireside first, a my my aaround few him in once of not them as poorfriends—into gather beautifullytionary an interpreter. Minebooks. dicmuch—some

Since books are people, having is made by an old company. I a year or more, but their presence

preserved in them the essences of like its style and makeup. there where I can touch them and

their authors, those that are inThen, of course, \[ jhave the can counsel with them gives me a vited to a home there to abide are Church works. The Bible, escomfortable feeling that I would

selected, or should be, as one selects pecially, is a library, a whole connot be without for their price.

companions. There are some that gregation of friends, one for every What book, then?

will answer gayety with gayety, mood. Then I have several books That book, which, upon readhumor with humor, and speculaof selections from the Bible that ing, you find reaching out to you

tion with speculation. Just as one are a little more intimate, a little with clinging hands. Hillaire Belmight select Jim, not Joe, for a more friendly than my sober old loc would say that book or poem

hunting trip, and Joe, not Jim, book done in severe black. or article that by some means reas a companion at a theater party, veals to you the "unknown counlies that this try"behind one we hisone will visit with Shakebe without friends in T COULDN'T in and which see only know we according to hisbooks moods. besides the bard's speare. I have "moments of revelation."complete works a number of his

'T'HEN the question arises: What individual plays. Occasionally I -edssOTWbook am I to invite to be a like to laugh with or at old fat Sir

constant visitor in my study or John Falstaff, to grieve with King fT is chiefly through books that as a companion during the evening Lear, or to philosophize with we enjoy intercourse with suby the fireplace or ander the shade Hamlet. Many an hour I have perior minds, and these invaluable

of a tree during my vacation? spent communing with Macbeth means of communication are in the

There is no way for one person of the poetic, but disintegrating reach of all. In the best books

to tell another. That is a matter soul. great men talk to us, give us their

far too personal for any one but But all of my friends are not most precious thoughts, and pour one's self to decide. The book great men and women, according their souls into ours.- William

that may captivate me, might leave to the world's judgment, but they Ellery Channing,

PRIESTHOODAll Melchizedek Priesthood material is prepared underQUORUMSthe direction of the Council of the Twelve;

and all Aaronic Priesthood material is prepared under the direction of the Presiding Bishopric.

To All Stake Presidencies and Ward Bishoprics

Dear Brethren: remainder of this year in order to start or class meeting independently with

As there appears to be a question out with a new course on January 1st. the officers conducting the exercises,

among some of those connected with 3. The time for holding the weekly in order to stimulate greater results

the Aaronic Priesthood regarding this ward Priesthood meetings is left with in effective ward teaching and to proimportant work, we are presenting the stake presidency and ward bishopmote stronger Priesthood responsibilisome instructions and suggestions hererics to determine the hour best suited ty and quorum activity.

with, with the request that they be to secure the largest attendance and 5. The success of Aaronic Priestimparted to all those engaged in the interest of all Priesthood members. hood work is entirely dependent upon

progress of the Aaronic Priesthood in This time may be either Sunday mornwhole-hearited, sympathetic eupervjiorder to be clearly understood. ing before Sunday School, in Sunday sion. If the bishopric will show the

1. It is very desirable that ward School, immediately after Sunday proper interest, and also select and

Priesthood meetings should be held School, or on Tuesday evenings. The encourage the right kind of men for

every week throughout the entire year hour selected should be such that supervisors, the Priesthood members as far as practicable. This naturally meetings can be held satisfactorily at will give their support by showing

entails the determination by the stake the same time throughout the summer continually greater interest and activipresidency and ward bishoprics as to also. If the Priesthood quorum or ty. The responsibility for this work

the best time for holding the ward class meetings are hld during the rests upon the presiding officers of

Priesthood meetings in order to secure Sunday School period, the different each stake and ward.

the best attendance and activity of quorums should meet as such, indeWe wish to call your attention to the Priesthood. pendently of the girls, and carry out the Aaronic Priesthood convention

2. The Aaronic Priesthood plan the program as explained in the front which is to be held in connection with

and lesson work is laid out for the part of the text books, with the exGeneral Conference on Friday afterwhole year from January 1st to Deception that in such case the Sunday noon, October 3rd at 4:15 p. m.

cember 31st. Therefore, the lesson School lessons may be used instead of in the Assembly Hall. It is greatly

books that were issued at the beginthe Priesthood lessons. But, in this desired that representatives of all stakes

ning of this iyear are to be used event, the Priesthood lessons should and wards be in attendance. If you

throughout this year until the close, be used as an outside reading course, have any questions regarding any items when new lesson books will be proand credit given as an assignment for of Aaronic Priesthood work we shall vided for next year. As far as posall who readf each lesson. If the be glad to have you either write us

sible, all deacons, teachers and priests Priesthood meeting is held at any or else present such questions at that should have a copy of their own lesson other time, the Priesthood lessons meeting.

book. They are available at the should be followed as indicated in the Wishing you continued success in

Presiding Bishop's Office at a cost of lesson books. this important work, we are, with

10c each. Where Priesthood classes 4. It is advantageous to hold a regcordial wishes.

'Priesthood this (meeting past during held ular! weekly beenhave not,in Sincerely your brethren.

outlines will a general lesson the ward, consisting each have ofsummer to be shortened somewhat and more assembly, and then separate for quoThe Presiding Bishopric, ground covered each week during the rum or class work, each quorum Sylvester Q. Cannon.

*>- )<($%S*S>1>- Uniform Sunday Lessons for Discussion of Timely Topics "VTUMEROUS insidious influences ters which directly affect the personal visors be called in conference with the - are at work to lead young and welfare of the Priesthood and memteachers of Lesser Priesthood classes old among the Latterday Saints to bers of their families, it is requested to discuss the best methods of getting forsake the splendid standards that that quorum officers and committees these subjects over to the young peofor a hundred years, our Church has interest themselves directly in this ple.

been seeking to establish and maintain. movement and make a special effort Also, it is recommended that, as

Sensing this condition the Council to secure the attendance of all quorum far as practicable, Priesthood organiof the Twelve have requested that members on these Sundays. zations set themselves the duty of

regular courses of study for the PriestSome schools may find it desirable laboring with their members to induce hood include the discussion of certain to combine in one group their two all to commit themselves to the obvital topics. It is. therefore, recomor three Gospel doctrine classes, and servance of the principles taught. In

mended that on the first Sunday of in another group, all lesser Priesthood many instances this work can be unJanuary, March, May, July, Septemclasses. dertaken as a special project in quober and November, 1931, uniform It is recommended that Sunday rums or in wards.

subjects be considered by all classes School superintendents arrange conferSubjects for Uniform Sunday except the kindergarten, primary and ences between Melchizedek Priesthood School Lessons:

Church history. officers, or group leaders, and Gospel 1. Evils of the smoking habit.

Leaflets and Instructor articles will doctrine class leaders, to determine by 2. Moral purstandards—personal furnish materials for discussion on whom and in what manner these ity.

these Sundays. topics will be presented to the adults; 3. Prayer as a safeguard against

Since the topics will deal with matand also that Lesser Priesthood supertemptation.

..

The Improvement Era for October, 1930 817

4. Dangers in the use of alcoholic 7. Character development through 10. Desirability of temple marriages.

drinks. the 1 1 through Character development

5. Influence of associates on our tithing. the of payment 8.character development. observanceHonesty—trustworthiness.of fast days,

6. Why the Church advises its 9. Gambling—something for noth12. Sanctity of the Priesthood—our

members not to join secret orders. ing. privileges in the Priesthood.

-oa<*@P%>sfr Older Inactive Men Bearing, the Aaronic Priesthood '"PHE question is asked, "What members so that they will feel at least take part. Of course this condition

* shall be done with such men?"that they are considered to be properly should be avoided as far as the future

In answering this question we may in attendance at the elders'meeting. is concerned, by wholehearted, enthuprobably ask another: "What can be The Aaronic Priesthood quorum to siastic supervision of the Aaronic

done if they are indifferent but are which they belong should give them Priesthood and getting every member not doing anything in opposition to credit for attendance, even though they to attend regularly and take part in the Church or transgressing any commeet with the elders. The bishopric the performance of duty. If this is

mandments severely affecting their and the Aaronic Priesthood quorum now given proper attention, generally, standing?"The only thing that can supervisors should be particularly the present generation will develop

be done is to seek in every way poshelpful to them in making them welinto faithful, active Priesthood memsible to get them interested in the percome and getting them to take part bers. This result is being actually

formance of their duties. It is not in the activities and duty assignments achieved in some wards through the

proper to disfellowship them for inas far as justifiable. If they become means already mentioned.

difference. active and faithful they should be While it is true that inactivity of

If they can be drawn to meeting recommended for ordination to the members reduces the percentage and they should be appointed to meet with Melchizedek Priesthood. reflects unfavorably on the reports of

the elders if they are over twentyone In some wards considerable success the Aaronic Priesthood, the fact is years of age. They should be made has attended the efforts of the bishopthat percentages are not the most imwelcome by the quorum presidency. rics and supervisors in their endeavors portant thing to consider and every

Their names could be listed on the to get older men bearing the Aaronic possible effort should be made to save quorum rolls separately from the Priesthood to attend meeting and to and bring into activity every member.

*>- ocVsi* -<*

Field Notes

is Hollywood is a earning tithepayer. ARVANZA WARD. means bers Thiryet not of record in the ward,p Stake: Bishop Albin tyfive percent Hoglund the of y* to effort members are and some nonmembers. The

advises that in this ward of 497 memtithepayers. During the eight years is made always to visit new members

bers the young men and women are that the ward has been organized the as soon as their arrival is known. The

particularly active and faithful. Only block teaching has been done comattendance at Sacrament meetings durone young man in the ward uses topletely every month. During July of ing 1929 was 30 percent. When it

bacco and he is overcoming the habit. this year actually 145 per cent of is realized that this ward covers an

visits were made by the ward teachers. area about equal to the whole of Salt

The Aaronic Priesthood members are This is accounted for by the fact that Lake City it can be better appreciated showing fine activity. Everyone who visits were made to a number of memwhat good work is being done.

->- -xy/Si*- -<* Mar Vista Ward Priesthood

description graphic following Service Church Committee Prayer; (2) (3)THE Priesthood the of Sponsored the organization Clyde B. Lee by activities Roll of of (1)Call—indicationSinging;

this California in enterprising Mortensen, ward P. Chairman. M. members; Memcommittees; of (4) Reports

will show how the various commitbers: Alvin Ludlow; Geo. Bowles; (5) Assignments for week; (6) contees may be made to function., C. O. Ecklund; Waldo Milkey. sideration of principles of conduct;

O. H. Hewlett President Class Instruction (7) Miscellaneous business; (8) BenSamuel Strong 1st Counselor Sponsored by Samuel Strong ediction.

B. Lee 2nd Counselor Clyde Activities S. of Christensen. E. Group Chairman. MemSecretary Anderson Robert M. to be assigned bers: Joel Jas. All activities J. L. Quist; H. Orton; Quorum meets every Tuesday at A. Lee. committees under the directionto fourof

7:30 p. m. in ward chapel. Every chairman of group.

member expected to be present or send Miscellaneous Activities excuse for being absent. Sponsored by O. H. Hewlett Names of Committees

Class Welfare; (1) Personal (2) Farr, E. Chairman. Dale Members: Committee Personal Welfare Instruction; Service; Church (3) (4) Allen; B. Ferguson; Robt. C. Marvin Hewlett Sponsored O. H. by Miscellaneous. three (All of composed Christensen; Earl Bleak; G. Marion Reese, chairman. H. LaVon or members) more Smith. Members

O. E. Petersen; C. H. Marble; U. L. The order of business for the weekPersonal Welfare Committee

Higham; Geoffery Harper; L. A. ly meetings of the Priesthood group Its first consideration should be

Thomas; L. E. Christensen. should be as follows: to group members. This can be

818 The Improvement Era for October, 1930

*mmn%M grouped under four headings: (1)

Physical health; (2) Intellectual activity; (3) Vocational anad financial

efficiency; (4) Proper conduct and | Every Young group. J spiritual

Committee Instruction All Parts Class Class inMan and Every Duties: (1) Supervise

struction in the quorum; (2) Coop- erate with class instructors in Sunday! Young Woman

credthat the proper See School; (3) of the for each it is given member quorum

services rendered during the past Will Enjoy month or week.

Church Service Committee The New Duties: (1) To help advance

the of the Church; (2) ConveyWorld work be Book should every idea that member

called; willing to work whenever 'THOUSANDS of cusmission- Ward teaching; (4) Home (3) By

tomers, and many in ary work; (5) Foreign missionary-

; Elder John A. Widtsoe foreign countries, keep work (aid in every way possible)

(6) Learn to perform all ordinances their, reserves here of the Church properly. Entitled

where your money is safe General Duties of Committee regularly; Have (2) Meet (1) where you can and adhere business order of get it regular and In Search of

all projects of com- i to Have it. it; (3) you want when

Start a Savings account mitteeMake assignmentsrecorded by oftheportionsecretary;of work(4) Truth

today. 4% interestto each member of committee; (5)

I Price $1.00 compounded semiannu- Make(6) Specialwork underwork itsof chargeeach committee.function;

ally. Committee Miscellaneous with work It will answer many of Duties: (1) Cooperate

and assist officers in all activities; (2) the questions which arise

useful information; SuGather (3) relationship of the about

affairs; all social quorum (4) Condensed Report of pervise atcontests; Maintaining Athletic Religion. Science and (5)

Condition tendance; (6) Transportation; (7)

Total Cash and LiqSurvey and statistics; (8) Assist the i

group secretary in securing and col- | uid Assets $ 6,246,197.26 lecting records; (9) Financial. \

( Total Deposits.. 13,444,575.35 We are Authorized Distributors

I Total Resources—15,396,252.83 of the Underwood Portable Joseph Smith j Typewriter

AModernAmerican Prophet Officers (Continued from page 809) Heber J. Grant, President J it anywhere. And I wanted to Deseret

Anthony W. Ivins, Vice President j go home today, too."

John F. Bennett, Vice President "Never mind, Mr. Knight,"says Mother Smith evasively. Book George S. Spencer, Cashier

'There are lots of nooks and cor-

\ Willard R. Smith, Asstf Cashier ners in the pasture that you do not Company

William McEwan, Asst. Cashier know anything about. I will call

William and see about your The Home of Good j horse."Books

"But my wagon is gone, too! \

I'm sure some one has stolen both ZION'S | the horse and the wagon."See Our Special Conferis ence Display, SAVINGS BANK ft j Outwardly Mother Smith

: > TRUST calm enough, but inwardly she is COMPANY I more disturbed by far than either 1 44 East on South Temple

or Knight. She Mr. Smith Street Father 3 \ South Main On

lest j Salt Lake City, Utah j fear trembles something with City, Salt Utah Lake may have happened to her son Joseph. Maybe he has met with I l

The Improvement Era for October, 1930 819

another disappointment because he,0[t>C>M-0(t4BnllKll nH(i*nlr.<ii

has not been strict enough in keeping the commandments of the Angel to him. This morning is anespecial strain on her mind. MODERN WRITING

At last he comes! But where In the home... the office... at school or

are Smith's the plates? Mother college... or when you travel... keep an are well grounded,apprehensions

it seems. Joseph has met with anUnderwood at your finger tips. It is the

other disappointment. In order indispensable and modern method of writto conceal her feelings under the ing.

circumstances, she leaves the room.

Joseph follows her.

Because of its lightness, flexibility and dura- "Don't be uneasy, Mother,"he says to her. "Everything is all bility the Underwood Portable Typewriter

right. See this. I have got a key is ideal where a lighter weight machine is

with me."required.

I mlerwood Dealer Is nearby

.AND he takes out of his pocket An.. without... obligation.ready to give you a demonstration

a curious looking thing. It

is in silver stones bows, maktwo it a UNDERWOOD TYPEWRITER COMPANY resembleing in appearance huge pair of spectacles. This, he Sales and Service Everywhere

explains to his mother, is called Vn4nM()woi>l)0B:iPi)MiiaIIM(iMW!:;)

the urim and thummim, and its possession, especially when fastened to a breastplate, constituted ancientlyt i it what was known as a WHITE FAWN FLOUR seer. LEADS MODERN BOOKS

takes into Mother Smith her THEM this curious instrument andhand ALL chat Qualify you for all it. so,examines she Having done PUBLIC; SPEAKING I ASK FOR to gives it back does Joseph. He for newnot say anything about the plates, j: NEW RED Occasions—send

and she does not ask about them. ML CROSS Catalog.

Some days later, when Mr. Smith HEALTHPRODUCTS

inquires of if she knows Emma THE SPEAKERS is, where the golden book Emma INSISTWHITE ON says she does not know. Which FAWN LIBRARY

is the truth. FLOUR (Brightwood Station)

"What about that chest, mothOffices and Warehouse 722 State Street Washington, D. C.

er?"Joseph asks. "You know, Wasatch 1922 Salt Lake City, Utah

I'll have to have one now to keep the plates in. I feel that I'll have <1-<MC> (><>< C>H()<

all sorts of difficulties keeping them from the curious."

"Well,"she answers, "you'd A GOOD REPUTATION better go to the man who made some furniture for Sophronia when An enviable reputation such as the O. P. Skaggs Sysshe I'll married. got Tell him pay tem enjoys is more valuable than rubies. Its acquisifor chest for making a him you

one half in cash and the rest in tion has been gradual and not by accident. The

produce."growth of that reputation may be attributed to an

(To be continued) unswerving maintenance of a foundation policy. That

C-qJSVM"- policy in the plainest of words is "A determination to us shows in himself, CLOD give every customer the MOST of the BEST merchanas strange seem, not it may only authoritative perfection, but dise at the LOWEST price consistent with first quality even the perfection of obedience, merchandise."

an obedience to his own laws; and

in the cumbrous movement of those unwieldiest of his creatures we are reminded, even in his divine OP. EfficientSKAGGSSeruice

essence, of that attribute of upFOOD System STORES rightness in the human creature "that sweareth to his own hurt 'A Surety of Purity"and changeth not."Ruskin. +U'it*m't*4m+<fminmmti*amni4Km*Knm<iwm+n'mim+inmm+imtt+

...:

MUTUAL-=3"I='T WORK General Superintendency Executive Department General Presidency

Y. M. M. I. A. Y. L. M. I. A.

I. Offices Y. General A. M. M. Smith, George Albert Fox, Ruth May 47 East Street South Temple R. Lyman, Richard Lucy Cannon, Grant

J. Ballard, Melvin I. Offices General A. Y. L. M. Clarissa A. Beesley,

Executive Secretary: 33 Bishop's Building Secretary

Oscar A. Kirkham, SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH Elsie Hogan

The Tuesday Evening, HalfHour Programs

the preparations for a tretime. If the groups are well organtember, the third Tuesday in DecemALL

mendously successful year in M. ized the first night the personnel will ber and the third Tuesday in January.

I. A. have been completed. The ofremain about the same each evening The Public Speaking Group will

ficers in stakes all are and wards apthereafter. Gleaners, Men and M pointed, social has the opening been desire development The Retold Story group will be butconsistall largelyothers whoof

held, the departments all organized and made up largely of Junior girls and in this splendid art are encouraged beginning to function, and the halfVanguards, (meeting separately or toto join this group.

hour activity programs presented gether.)

as outlined for September 23 and 30. The Drama group in large wards as Fourgoals thingsto be reachedare to bein keptcarryingin mindforNow, the period for mass particiwill consist of many who will wish to ward the Tuesday evening halfhour

study dramatics small wards while in 1 pation to March begins—October

those of consist mainly it may who program: 1 7. If in followed the programs are

detail as suggested in the HandBook make up the casts for the three plays 1. To have at least seventyfive per

Supplement, it will be found that the required. cent of all members participate in one

requirements made in order to reach In every Music group. an effort or more event. The ward secretary

standards will all be fulfilled in secure should be "A"made to enough memaswillsooncheckas offthe eachindividualname onappearsthe rollin allotted. the time bers to least at organize one ladies'

It is very important that each aschorus, one male quartet, (or chorus public in any event.

sociation begins the programs at once, if possible), and one double mixed 2. To organize groups in each

and follow them through week by quartet; but all others interested should event according to the requirements

week. On eight evenings during this be invited to join this group. for Stake recognition, see Supplement,

period the association divides into At least ten per cent of the organpage 19.

3. if all posparticipants etc., for ization music, is to To have the dancing group, formgroups,—drama,

sible reach events in the standard "A"or study for this reand while has group of "A"standards opportunity hearsals; on fourteen evenings, all for special study of standards and parentered.

groups meet in joint assembly for the ticipation in the contest and other 4. To have as many events as pospresentation of the various events. On group dances, at least three occasions sible of such high standard of excelthe eight occasions when the division are provided when all the members of lence that they shall be worthy of beinto groups occurs, care should be the association may participate, as for ing entered in the Churchwide contaken to avoid confusion and loss of example, the fifth Tuesday in Septests.

-io<*eigJV2<-

Suggested Program for the Sunday Night Conjoint Meeting,

For November OPENING song: Shall the Youth Among Friends"in Gleaner manual Gleaner Manual, page 123)—By

of '/.ion Falter. Gleaner minutes. 10 page 61)—By Gleaner Girl—10 Girl—minutes.Invocation chorus 16, (page Male Supplement to

Ladies'A. Supplechorus I. A. (See M. I. Handbook) or community

page 16 for to Handbook, ment Mountain Our Orchestra—page 21(or Supplementinstrumentalto selection)M. I. A. Msinging, Home So

recommended numbers) Handbook. Dear)

Latterday Saint BenedictionPersonal Chastity—A Latterday Home Building—A Saint Ideal—By *'M"Man—10 Achievement—By "M"man-—10 Where ladies'chorus or male chorus

minutes (see paragraph following) minutes. is used, credit is to be given in the

"Make the Lord of Hosts Your "I Will Gather Treasures of Truth"Mass Participation Contest, as is also

Friend"(See chapter on "Gleaning (Gleaner Sheaf and Project—see the case with the addresses.

A

The Improvement Era for October, 1930 821

officers All and many M. I. A.

association of the Personal Chastity—other members Latterday Saint Ideal wish to read this stirring faithpromot-will Kewanee:

Jacob blessed his sons, he ing biography.WHENsaid of Reuben, "Unstable as -"loc'ejissi"- Kewanee Steel Firebox water, thou shalt not excel."And

he said of another son, "Joseph is a Activity Leaders Boilers fruitful bough whose branches have * * for shall * his provides the wall; which plan overrun bow new are for Universally Adopted THE

in activity leader each departin strength."behindabide an was What

S. Chapels L. and all Other D. I. leaders A., blessings? the difference in these the of which Sim ment M.

ply a difference in personal chastity, associated form the Community AcRepresentative Buildings a standard measure of moral strength. tivity Committee, under the chairThe Grecian mother preferred her manship of a counselor from each

son dead upon his shield than alive organization, is now in operation without it: the Latterday Saint mothpractically Churchwide. Kewanee. Boiler Coloration

er thinks of her son as better dead It should be borne in mind that than denied. these activity leaders work in a dual HAWLEYRICHARDSON-

its is self loyalty; chastity Personal representative the as capacity: (1) WILLIAMS CO.

is self betrayal.opposite Personal the to department for advisor and

chastity is the distinguishing feature which they are assigned and in which District Representatives between a life in the upper or in the they assist in every way possible to under world; personal chastity is a citpromote and stimulate the activities 204 Dooly Bldg.

adel which chivalry nev/er fails to of the class (even though!in the

defend; it is a sanctuary where love M Men and Gleaner departments the Salt Lake City

is protected by honor. class Presidents may have in hand the

Personal chastity is a prerequisite responsibility of carrying forward the to the of the presence enjoyment of as a community program); and (2)

is the beatitudesGod; not one among a speThe Utah High in furthering officer interested

greaterof are "Blessed import than cific activity, dancing, as drama, such School of Beauty see shallthe heart for they pure in story, retold music, public speakand

God."ing among members of all ages. Culture

Divine commandments are of little On the Tuesday evening halfhour 331 Clift Bldg., Salt Lake

or no value until they are adopted by program, the activity leaders will be Learn a profession that would make the self and the greatest of the selfcalled into intensive service, their diyou independent for the rest of commandments is: "Be Ye Clean."rect association with a particular class your life. Write for catalog.

-"lCSISOf—group interrupted for the time, perMail this Coupon.

Attention, Stake haps.activity Servicein whichwill bea renderedleader is inmostthe Name——Superintendents and class associproficient, regardless of

last Address this ation. during example, For Presidents

provide and room can town. outCOMMUNICATIONS from the halfgivinghourinstructionthe Juniorin leaderdancingmaywhilebe CityWe of students General Board to stakes, whether (Continued on page 82) board to

concerning matters of administration or department work are, generally speaking, addressed to Stake Superintendents or Stake Presidents. When such correspondence relates to the various departments, the Superintendents and >*,.t TEMPLE BRAND

Presidents are asked first to advise themselves of its content, and then to pass it immediately on to the deGARMENTSOf superior quality and workmanship designated. or departmentspartment

for the manufactured in of cause promptnessLack this may KNITTING STORE SALT LAKE serious progress of in the delay competition. prices defying When ordering our And sold at

work. from us remember We Pay Postage

LADIES FOR FOR MEN No. No. Life of Smith The Joseph Flat 703 $1.25 610 Weave.95 Ribbed $ Light Wt

Ribbed Light 1.75 Quality Weight 614 1.25 Ex. Med. Wt. year, of the one"C Standard 719792 Fine ACH Quality 1.50 Cotton 1.50 Cotton 605 Med. Heavy

751 Silk Fine Lisle Cotton.. 1.95 1.95 Unbleached 663 Med. Heavy the other of *--* works Church or some

711 Silk Stripe 1.95 Med. 1.50 664 Wt. Cotton Med. Heavy Wt

a religious nature, of finds avolume 710 Extra Silk Quality 2.75 Stripe 1.95 620 Rayon NonRun

714 2.25 Med. Extra Wt. Quality 1.75 Unbleached 680 Extra Heavy theplace Course. Reading on I. A. M. 715 Super 2.50 Quality 2.75 Silk Rayon and Wool 660 Med. Wt.

it yearLast Doctrine the 720 and was NonRun Rayon Wool 3.75 1.95 654 Weight 50% Heavy

Covenants; before that, the Pearl of 770 Silk and Wool 1.95 664 Heavy Weight 100% Wool 4.95

Great Price, the Book of Moron, the 20% Extra Charge For Sizes Over 4G

Bible. This year it is the Life of Do not fail to specify New or Old Style and if for Man or Woman, also state if long

long legs are wanted. Give or short sleeve, short orJoseph Smith, Cannon. by George Q. Sent Weight. Height Samples and UponaccurateRequest.Bust Measurement,

is thisLovingly and tenderly volume feels in itswritten; the perusal reader SALT LAKE KNITTING STORE spiritual the thethe courage, pathos,

exaltation in the life of the great 70 So. Main St., Salt Lake City, Utah—OLDEST KNITTING STORE IN UTAH

Prophet. 822 The Improvement Era for October, 1930

tWMNKk1

COMMITTEE

Dr. Arthur L. Beeley, and Lucy W. Smith, Chairmen; Dr. Joseph F. Merrill, Dr.

Franklin S. Harris, Lewis T. Cannon, Dr. Lyman L. Daines, Ann M. Cannon, Rose W.

Bennett, Emily H. Higgs, Charlotte Stewart

The Manual much expense be avoided if the plea made in the manual is heeded—a plea

in daily living the informato apply the General of adult committc THE given. tion exceptionally believes that an Board

good manual is presented in ComEvery home should have a copy of munity Health and Hygiene. Of course the manual. Certainly every member

and assure successful itfortunatelydeals withit ais technicalwritten insubject,everydaybut ofone,theforAdultby its Departmentuse will he findwill attenwant growth next Spring j language so that any reader can underdance at adult classes very interesting it. class does leader the Further, stand profitable. a wideto and Contrary

i in subthe expert to be not need an belief, the material spread the in manto plant time the Fall is only ject the manual. Anyone of matter ual that lessons the does duplicate not Hyacinths, Narcissus, Tulips, class a to conduct knows who how the are in been, or by have being given etc. Lilies, Iris, Peonies, Crocus, discussion method the method—the Relief Society.

of in use the strongly Lawns, planting delay And don't (she) find that this he manual—willrecommended until etc., Trees, Roses,

in the leader Adult as class can succeed Genealogy it Fall. this will Spring.—DoShrubs, be not Lecturers Department.

needed. Occasionally an expert (if TN those wards where classes in geneGet Our Free Fall Catalogue one is available) may be asked to * alogy are organized it is recom-

i lecture. mended that the plan of last year be

i. e. the adult genealogy followed, and

I CO. I. PORTERWALTON classes the jointly to meet A. M. Project The

first carry in to each Tuesday month City 42 W. 1st So.—Salt Lake separproject, the adult of forward the book will be the preface and IN found a clear statement on how to ately the other Tuesday evenings. In

use the manual. This preface should wards too small to support both class-L be carefully studied by the class leades meeting simultaneously these classes

ers and its directions followed. Atmeet jointly every Tuesday evening,

tention is therein called to Chapter the first Tuesday of the month being 25. This outlines six health projects devoted to the project and the TuesThe andthem givesforward.directionsIt is onassumedhow thatto carryone daysgenealogy.alternatelyIn suchto thewardsmanualthisandplanto

of these projects, or some other equalseems to be the best solution.

ly good one, shall be selected and be carried forward as indicated. It is Concrete left to each community to make its Class Period

It will seen that, selection. be own a joint 3, meeting September TN

is general, each project in community * of the General Boards of 1930, i successfully to be and therefore, I. a recomStreet wide passed A. motion was M.

carried out, all the adult classes in a mending that all ward Mutuals give given community should unite on the fortyfive minutes to class discussion

in going forward projects more this leaders will the adult jealously guard Is Safe same project. There may be two or in the departments. It is hoped that

differin the if conditions stake same class discussion. time for In those

different. are the stake of ent towns the classes Priesthood wards where streets are Concrete safest—wet health select a should or Each town dry. are rigid enduring unthis They evening and promeet on Tuesday means

der the heaviest traffic. Economical ject adapted to its nee,ds. extending the closing time beyond 9

little to build maintenrequiring and p. m. been has written by manual The

gives the ance, concrete pavement of the at University professors untwo service. interrupted

L. L. L. Daines A. and The Book Utah—Drs. Portland with pave, pave you When exbeing an outstanding Beeley—each attractive Its concrete. Cement

field writin appert has the he in which for this book recommended HTHE exclusive advanother pearance and these ten. given information by * Department The is "Grandmother for business it appropriate tages make

and residential districts alike. writers is upto-date and is wholly reBrown's One Hundred Years,"priced

liable. Theories have been avoided at $3.00. Every adult member may

PORTLAND CEMENT ASSOCIATION and only welltested facts presented. read this book with profit and delight.

506 McCornick Building, Salt Lake City For the price—only fifty cents—the If each member will contribute a few

gives its believes the cents to purchase manual the Departby PORTLAND CEMENT committee the than ment, more for the any other money loaned book week may be book in its field. The information it by week to the members and all will CONCRETE FOR PERMANENCE contains is worth to any home many have the privilege of reading it. It:

times its price. Many lives will anis recommended that this plan be folnually be saved, needless suffering and lowed. (See page 828.)

The Improvement Era for October, 1930 823

Gleaner Girls Department The cM. E. cM. COMMITTEE

Emily C. Adams Martha G. Smith, Margaret Newman, Salt Lake School G. Taylor, Grace C. Neslen, Chairman, Rachel

and College

taken at time should be Sunday Evening Joint your next of Beauty Culture meeting of the Gleaners to thoroughly

Program discuss this subject.

their offers the to type or binding As of book accorded has been incourseTHE girls left to entire used, free the should be furnof the Gleaners and all equipcluding rareM Menprivilege choose. record should permanent The the Mariforishing Sunday programs and two ment

evening Conjoint M. I. A. meetings, be one in which just pride may be nello text books

during the coming year. taken on account of content, neatness for the regular

in payable attractiveness. obtain and such price, To the first Sunbe first one is to The payments monthly a result the first draft the family of are those in November, andday who

to participate in this program should history, experiences, and true stories This is a six begin their preparation immediately may be written in a common note months'course inso that a program of a high standard book, as in most instances it will be cluding HairdressPermanent ing, to alterations, additions make the necessary in in every be presented wardmay all waving and style in writing of and improvementChurch. pertainsubjects girl feel effort the before will that her and the affords young This men Cosmetology. to ing final her for into is ready copying to appear pubopportunity anwomen on all work done commission pay We record. permanent students. advance by shouldlicly before and the whole ward

Classes Evening Day and a splendid of developmentbe means

Catalog FREE as well, as a chancefor to furnish Attention, Gleaner Leaders! them

an uplifting and interesting program 135 East Broadway for their hearers. The time has arrived when everyWasatch 7537

In selecting the musical numbers, thing for the new season should be in swing. sure that those suitable to the Sabfullbe

Have are chosen.bath day you Gleaner leaders studied andListen2 top.K m.S L Thursdayat 2:30 everyto "BeautyTuesday

See Executive Department for dethe manual so that you know ahead Hints,"by Elizabeth Moogk.

tailed suggestions. what the entire year's program is? We

are particularly fortunate in having the whole program all together in one,llBII(!<*l'>>!><>B | >*

The Project manual.

The splendid class discussions are evenings there of but While two S. "Gleaning,"Bennion, Dr. DISTINCTIVE by Adam their to Gleanerthe devoted program all there, in twentyfive are 1 number,

it the constitutesproject "home as are activities the the for MenLIGHTING M entire year. for thework"Gleaner evenings. ProjectThe

in his Bennion, on Dr. manual of Sheaf—"I Treasures Gather Will FIXTURES

is says, process aGleaning "Gleaning detail. in explained The Truth"—is In."of Gathering To Harvesting—a the for books Gleaner and Men M in""gather permanent and a make or Residential For the are departments reviewed and

life as experiences, they ofrecord have is as discussed, Question well as Box teachinfluenced the Gospelbeen by Purposes Church are /things other the to pertaining is the the Gleanerings, of binding is it Gleaner Department. Altogether

project.sheaf, as as the well 1930 A a little very comprehensive and volume should be progress ofconstant check

all one will invaluable to be which 5 to Individual week. week frommade for Catalog Send leaders. Gleaner

the leaders theconferences with of [ it it digest the pass and Read and girls necessary absolutely will be get are for enthusiasm to sure which you successcarried to be overthis work girls, that every so to the one on fully. Elder Bros. Electric will of to study them and want own

If the leaders and officers of the this manual. 136 East BroadwayGleaner organization have caught the

vision "Treasures of Truth"of what The Project and Sheaf Salt Lake City in their in the lives, andmay mean lives of their girls they will ever be on Every Gleaner leader will do well to the alert to stimulate the Gleaners by have a "Treasure Book"in which she inspirational andexample help in putcan faithpromoting and put many inBranch Stores at their project.ting over spirational events, be the which would

On September 23rd a clear and demeans of creating an incentive in the Ogden tailed explanation of how to proceed girls to do the same. 2337 Washington Ave.

with the compilation of "Treasures of

Enrollment and given. should been haveTruth"On Attendance Provo "Gleanof thepage 123 on manual to get the girls Now is the time

ing"this subject is treated. If for around you and sell the M. I. A. to 2 1 5 West Center St

any reason it was not possible to get the project launched on that night. (Continued on page 827)

....

824 The Improvement Era for October, 1930

Junior Girls Department COMMITTEE Laura P. Nicholson, Chairman; Agrnes C. Enowlton, Julia S. Baxter, Emma Goddard,

Katie C. Jensen

Every article which leaves our shop is not only cleaned and refreshed but also guarJUNIOR Leaders are referred to the Sample Health Score

Junior "Believing Manual and Doan teed free from objectioning,"page 103, for complete calendar, Are You as Attractive as Nature able odor of all cleaning maof the year's program. Note especialIntended You to Be? Score Yourself.

terials. ly items for November. Pom fs

We hope you are well started in 5 a. Hair. "A woman's chief glory

reading the book selected for this delies in her hair."

partment (either life of Schumann- 5. Glossy and free from oil.

,Heink or Bambi), and are greatly Not dry and brittle.

enjoying it. 5 b. Eyes. "Eyes that sparkle like

Begin early to plan for the "Junior stars at night."

Home Evening with Songs"for the 2. Bright, sparkling, alert,

December class activity night. not dull and heavy.

shall hear be glad to We how your 1. Notlines strained;or frowns.no puckery girls are responding the discussions to

"Believing and Doing."2. Clear white of eye; not

muddy or yellow.

The Project 5 c. Mouth.smiles with"Smileyou."p,nd the world

"We will develop vigorous minds 2. Pleasing expression.

and bodies through right thinking and 3. No mouth breathing.

right living."5 d. Teeth. "The charm of your

smile comes in your teeth."

November class activity (Manual, 3. Well cared for.

p. 105). 2. Good apposititon (teeth

meet properly) learns learns, and "Who love to 10 e. Skin. skin you "A

acts he not what knows, But touch."

Is one and plows plows who eruptions. 2. Clear without never But sows."

2. anemic. not Good color,—Oriental Proverb. 2. not smooth, Moist and

Have the girls select from the class dry and scaly.

a representative girl who rates high in 2. Tissues firm and elastic;

personal grooming. Judge by not flabby or soggy.

Personal cleanliness, hair, hands, 2. Lips naturally red.

skin, personal appearance, cos- 5 f. Hands. "Beauty at your finger

tume harmony, color harmony, tips.

etc. 3. Skin immaculately clean.

without abrasions Smooth girl Select a the class reprefrom or cuts. sitYou Cannot Afford sentative standing of and good

2. Nails and cuticle clear and to be Without a ting posture. Judge by the straight

line test. carefully cared for. (No

"Caterpillar"TracSelect girl with the best looking extremes) feet. Judge on 5 g. Feet. "A foot of comfort tor During 1930! Muscle tone, straight inner line, means miles of happiness/'

Make your profit by lowering freedom from corns and callouses, 3. Normal (of good shape)

operation costs and increasing proand the straight line up the back Shoes worn evenly on duction. of the heel. Do not be afraid to heels and sole.

The "Caterpillar"Tractor is the slip off your shoes. 2. Feet properly shod. (No

only sure way of doing this. Select the well nourished girl by extremes.)

a have size for you at a We tone, distribution Carriage."weight, 10 h. Posture. "Graceful muscle

price can pay. you

color of the body, fat over well poised. of 1. Head

skin, gloss level of hair, carriage of 1. Shoulders (one Landes Tractor &

etc. the body, higher shoulder not

Equipment Company Use the above score card and have the other) than

Dealers the girls score themselves. 1. Graceful body line unSALT LAKE CITY, UTAH Have them list the items they confa r o k e n by abdomen.

give their import- 1. and position and Feet in body mind good BranchesUtah—MaladLogan, andTremonton,Preston, IdahoNephi, sider necessary to beauty and vigor of Chest high. 1, etc. 2, 3, ance as 4, slightly apart and

into the Committee—34 Bishop's tion. Good lines and rQMlWrt We would like to have this mailed 1. Arms in graceful parallel.relaxaBldg., Salt Lake City, Utah. grace while seated.

The Improvement Era for October, 1930 825

1. Lower spine against chair Activity Leaders The Spirit of the

back. Organization

1. Knees almost touching (Continued from page 821)

efunited results of combined other. each

persons THEfort are always best when 1. Feet parallel or one crossthe Adult or M Men leader is coned over the other. Harducting the section in retold story. work with each other, for each other,

mony of movement while The development of activity interhelp each other, criticize each other in walking. ests among all ages and groups is the a friendly way, and in the highest

offers his best for the other each degree objective toward of this program and 1. An elastic step—firm, not whole. officer the its realization and for every and memheavy.

1. Good rhythm of entire ber of the M. I. A. should bend every Then there exists the Spirit of the

body. effort. Organization.

10 i. Correct weight for height and

age. i hearing. 10 j. Good Can your hear

conversation ordinary at YOUR HOME MERCHANT IS sixteen feet? 10 k, Good vision. Can you read YOUR BEST FRIEND

ordinary print at arm's When you buy at home you make a direct length without straining? contribution to the development fo your

Can you read the usual community.

billboard sign across the street? REMEMBER—

20 1. The AllImportant First ImYour HOME MERCHANT is a Convenience as well as a

pression. Necessity.

5. Radiating good health You can See and Inspect your Purchases from Him and

and spirits. (Full of enReceive his GUARANTEE of SATISFACTION.

thusiasm and interest; He Contributes Largely to the Support of Local Churches.

magnetic.) Schools, Colleges, Charitable and Public Institutions.

5. Poise. (A perfect control

of self, often inspiring MONEY—

others with confidence and Which you send to Distant Points for Supplies NEVER admiration.) RETURNS to BENEFIT YOU or YOUR HOME TOWN.

5. Voice. (The depth, the

Salt Lake force of your Pocatello, warmth, the Utah Idaho City, speak should personality through your voice.) The$alfLafajL Boise, Grand Junc-

5. that "Pep."power (The Idaho /cflarrtwancHardwargOb, tion, Colo. the wheels world's makes

WH M <*-mm<>—<-r>-<}--r) ><)()nnw><i

go round.) 100 Total. Is your score what you <Wt4(0ltO i>-ui:wi i*<>

would like it to be? If not, why

not remedy it? "Health Makes Beauty."Prices ARE Interesting—

From the Journal of EducationalMethod, March, 1925. Teacher TrainCONOMICAL shoppers are

ing and Health Education. Mary L. Jo quick to note unusual prices

StatePreston, Teachers College, San r\ and take advantage of the California.Francisco, V> savings thus made possible.

Height and Weight for Girls Sears, Roebuck and Co. prices are

of 16 and 17 years of age always interesting. For over 44

years Sears, Roebuck and Co. have

Height 16 17 been serving the thrifty people of 58 in 91 lbs.

59 in 96 lbs. 98 lbs. the United States with merchandise

60 in 102 lbs. 104 lbs. for the home, farm and for personal

61 in 108 lbs. 109 lbs. use at worthwhile savings.

lbs. lbs. 114 in 11362 Scars, Today they have over twelve millbs. 118 lbs. 11763 in

64 in 120 lbs. 121 lbs. lion regular customers! Every ar65 in 123 lbs. 124 lbs. ticle is sold with a guarantee of satRoebuck This age and weight table is taken isfaction. We invite you to shop

from the one prepared by Thomas D. where the value of your dollar isWood of Columbia University. It is & Co. considerably increased.

to be remembered that in using such scales, that they are average. An alRETAIL DEPARTMENT STORES

lowance of 10 per cent may be made Salt Lake At Ogden if over weight or light weight is a Broadway at State 222931 Washington Ave.

family characteristic.

826 The Improvement Era for October, 1930

Ward Seatings Bee Hive Girls Department

COMMITTEE Made in Utah Catherine Folsom, Chairman; Sarah R. Cannon, Vida Fox Clawson, Marie C. Thomas,

Bank, Office, Church Glenn J. Beeley, Elsie T. Brandley

and Store Fixtures a Specialty Fine Cabinet Work October: some of national and of international

I. first is of the extent. Girls A. one few weeks BeeHive The M. The Salt Lake

getin past, are are Cabinet & season the greatest of of memwe and now all—not Fixture Company if winter's prothe ting into the the in bership, the of scope swing but

I Factory: 142840 S. W. Temple work. In every ward new BeeHive gram offered. As the bees go into

j Office: 32 Richards Street Swarms have been organized and last the fields along the wayside and garner

j Salt Lake City, Utah year's Swarms called together. New the honey from the flowers for their

girls are absorbing [the lovely spirit winter sustenance, The BeeHive Girls life and make of the program—the Spirit of the go into the fields of

experiinto their the of sweet value lives is coming their own taste ence. STYLE SHOW AT THIS Hive—andintensified interest investigate in activities. and They

STORE September has gone on with the sweetness of Religion, Home, Health,the

September 26 to October 4 heartsummerof months,the workandwe intoare thereadyveryto Domesticness and PublicArt, OutService.of Doors,They Busilearn

plunge. The Plan of the BeeHive the joy of knowing how to make and

has been discussed with the girls, and do things, and the greater joy of helpthe Probationary requirements checked. ing others in the knowledge and doing.

(Probationary req. No. 3-b, should They begin to find interests, which, if

be revised as follows: Presidency of properly guided, will perhaps direct

thestituted—RuthY. L. M. I. MayA. asFox,at presentPres., Lucyconthemadd tointotheirvocationalpermanentworkhappiness.which will

G. Cannon, 1st Couns., Clarissa A. BeeKeepers, you have an opporBeesley, 2nd Couns. In the Primary, tunity for helping these girls to help

is Superintendent, with Anderson May as think themselves. of them Do not

first Harker Isabelle Ross and Edna collectively. of Think a Swarm,

girl assistant.) Every second Thomas indiof them a Swarm, as members

BeeHive her should handbook have in vidually, separate each one and keep general content the and know girl If attention. of it. your one shows esEvery BeeKeeper should have her pecial interest in filling her cells in the

handbook also, and know in detail Field of Health, encourage her to spewhat is contained therein. cialize for the two BeeHive years in

this line. Help her to find out if that

BeeHive Plan might grow into her lifeinterest. Sugin a that gest she scrapbook make

is simple, the of BeeHive plan The suggestion every she will keep which studies. gets in after and one The

bit she of can glean information life and itself purthe bee of active, of is one the nursing the subject and of its activity, plan of on poseful and on fields. girls other other Don't with and

the BeeHive existence, of the idea in find lose a to the unexpressed chance as it is Briefly is based. -iMODERN same

girls sign these interests of young girls, or age 14 follows: of group A acthe to future posts pointing way a to together 15, are form banded KITCHEN organization complishment.

is leader Swafrm. Their BeeHive

known as the BeeKeeper, and as such jjo you dread the preparawill hold near to her heart the welCalendar for October tion of meals? Perhaps the fare of the girls while they are in her

reason lies in outof-date care. The program for the year is Builders in the Hive

us Let equipment. kitchen activity, outstudy and of one and 3, BeeHive October No. kitchen the you new show 7-—Guide it Beeare the in lines for to found be

Builder's 16, page Handbook, refrigeraThe stoves, cabinets, mentioned, previously Hive Handbook the "Call colorful of Purpose and Womantors, tables—the the in (for Hive) Builders pages 15 cheerifor adding linoleums hood."

ness the other interesting and 48 (for Gatherers of Honey).

October the No. 4, Handin been have BeeKeepers 14—Guide who accessories. Modernkitchen

book, 1 7, Scrap Books. page great give a can years work in past see the kitchen and ize your

for in to those help of coming difference! deal No. October 5, Hand21—Guide if will they this year the first time book, page Symbol. 1 7, Name and

diffiinitial recall their to take time

October No. 6, Handthey culties the assistance lend and 30—Guide WESTERN page 1 8, Have Faith. in the bebook, appreciated have wouldFURNITURE CO. ginning.

135 South State Street Gatherers of Honey

Salt Lake City, Utah Gathering in the Fields October 7—Guide No. 3, BeeHive

"HOME OF THE GREAT There are a great many organizaHandbok, page 49, A Practical Use of

MAJESTIC RANGE"tions for the young people of today, the Symbol.

The Improvement Era for October, 1930 827

vnmmnm October 14—Guide No. 4, Handbook, page 49. This is left for your

own planning, and one of the loveliest of programs is yours to make Building for the Future on out. Discuss the Project for the Beeevery Girls, or have Hive (cell 42)

fill cell 67, the Foundations of the Past girl in No. the Swarm

in the Field of Religion, or other cells which you and they might select. Upon a foundation laid 41 years ago, there is now built a banking

Let the girls do the work that night, system that looks confidently toward a future of greater service to a and see how well they can do it. greater Utah.

a record in the pioneer embedded deep With its roots past—with No. 5, HandOctober 21—Guide years of constructive and the intervening accomplishment through book, page 49, Know Work.

State of with resources near Bank offers a Ogden 6, HandNo. October $10,000,000.—The 28—Guide is friendly. it is as as it progressive, as flexible as sound the service Rest forhook, page 50, Food and

Baby. The same spirit of progress that urged the pioneers westward, is

today vital and alive in this Bank.

-fl&tfSJSVs* With a full sense of its responsibility to the community, this bank will continue to seek new avenues of service to meet the increasGleaner Girls ing demands of its clients throughout the years.

Department OGDEN STATE BANK OGDEN, UTAH (Continued from page 823)

them. Surely there never was a year

interesting, had a morewhen we have attractive and f and uplifting program, one should which be of perthe means cordially invite fecting character the the VyE increasing and faith of every Gleaner Girl in the your inspection.

Church. Special courtesies extendSTANDARD SEMINARY PINS

finer a finish and will 'made by us have less. Remember the theme of the last ed to missionaries. i cost you

June Conference, with "Onward complete guard with Made any the that ofMormon M Ideals"—also $2.00MenGleaner meeting "Carry On,"

I local direct Jewelor your through Order let this spiritand the keynote be same Shapiro Trunk 8 ij all for i in at stock kept times Pins of the present year's that so Initials delivery. work, pins without | \- er.quick on in this centennial year of our Church, Bag Co* j | extra charges.

COMPANY TAYLOR AND the the of the purpose of organization I 152 So. Main St. Main

j I.-M. realized, A., fully the be in may CITY, SALT162 SouthLAKE StreetUTAH

206 Was. Phone increase c; Room faith of establishment the and

i of 'an individual testimony of the

Gospel, in the heart of every Gleaner

Girl. n-*( frO<4HBft-n-aH0Htt>Hfr04M00 t-<nmmK>-mii-M>om-r-KBH'-mn>'m*ii*mm*u-m f

<i<K'eSft-5(- CORPORATE TRUST SHARES

in of this 28 basic industries country. of the ownership great Represent an

shares, of participate the that these purchase in companies you have an averageAN old legend tells how a cerThrough tain grand Duke of Florence age of 58 years, and that have prospered through built a bridge without expense to the state. The grand Duke issued Wars—Panics—Depressions

a proclamation that every beggar andwho would appear in the grand have an average unbroken dividend record of 32 years plaza at a certain designated time PRICE ABOUT $Sy4 PER SHARE should be provided with a new suit of clothes, free of cost. At FullSimplyParticularsfill in yourwill be furnished without obligation on your part.

the appointed hour the beggars of the city all assembled, whereupon Name the officers caused each avenue of the public square to be closed, bade Address the beggars strip off their old—and Mail Directly to

clothes, and gave to each one, according to promise, a new suit.

In the old clothes thus collected,enough money was found conRoss SeasonQBeasorz, HSuildinff frCo.

cealed to build a beautiful bridge SALT LAKE CITY over the Arno River, still called the Beggar's Bridge. ]-H-w-*-:v

828 The Improvement Era for October, 1930 r i Adult Department INVESTIGATE (Continued from page 822) H. J. McKean, President

Our Plan of Guaranteed Harold H. Hills, Sec'y and Treas. Grandmother Brown's

Protection—Saves the Hundred Years Average Family $1,000

Reviewed by Ann M. Cannon, x H. J. McKean DESERET MORTURAY Written by Harriet Connor Brown

COMPANY Published by Little, Brown and Com- i Inc.

Operating in Association pany—Price $3.00 1

With j lived BROWN GRANDMOTHER j BUILDING from 1827 to 1927. This book j MERRILL MORT. INC. i

i! gives a picture of the times as she I CONSTRUCTION

saw them, and by hearsay that of the \ years. her preceding one hundred As

n(}ii()4i>(i(tV{i, the rise the Phone Wasatch 1374 of included hundred years

Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday I

Saints her account is of especial inter- i 1 i est to us. terin-law, Harriet Connor Brown, "We specialize in the We Have a The book is written by her daugh- \ wife of Herbert D. Brown, Chief of construction of

the U. S. Bureau of Efficiency. The

j Service Which author specialized in history and refine Chapels"ceived her A. B. from Cornell in

1894. She later did much newspaper,,, Will Exactly work. |

prize Atlantic $5000 Monthly The best Deseret Bank Building this as the book awarded was the year 1929. of Fit Your biography j Salt Lake City, Utah of the book let us purpose For the

"introduction."to the Needs and look L

"'* * has she ever done that * What

Pocket Book iswhengreat?'I toldis a a friendquestionthat thatI wasnettledtrying meto 3

write the history of my hundredyear-old motherin-law. The general attitude of

mind reflected by my friend's question is to see that the thing makes want me pub- i Invite story the lished one mother good of how We has spent a hundred years. I want to Troy honor a woman not esteemed 'great,'one

who has had the common fate and will be consigned to oblivion, despite work You Laundry well done throughout a full century of living, unless someone like myself can To come in and see our * * * rescue her from it. new surroundings. The inDistinctive Work a been Grandmother Brown "Had rewo- terior has been completely literary attainments, of wider of man

reading and more varied acquaintance with modeled in the modern man- i 1 i the great world, her observation on life ner, with all of the best feamight be more interesting to the sophistures retained. Our traditicated. the mass and But of men women

been tional atmosphere of welcome have not America made who have literary or sophisticated. They have, and good will has, of course,

Hyland 190 however, been people of ideals, people of been preserved. When you

courage. What benefits we now enjoy in come to town, drop in and

us. 3 19 South Main St. Americathe laborshaveof comepeopleto inspiredus as the byresultidealsof talk to

such as Grandmother Brown has cherIf you wish, we can arished, upheld by courage such as she has range a savings plan for your had. into another forward go we As financial counOur it is future. period country's of development, our i i i for the asking. sel is yours well for forces to to the try us understand

that have created us and the world in which we find ourselves, even though we ourselves are driven by very different forces UTAH SAVINGS & live outside of Salt If you are Lake, and building another kind of up soTRUST CO. ciety a different philbased perhaps on send us your work by

osophy of life."Member Federal Reserve Parcel Post.

And to the Foreword: 235 South Main St.

Salt Lake City, Utah "This book—Crandmothr Brown's Hundred Years—will be for a student of

The Improvement Era for October, 1930 829

American human nature a classic text U0iU4H*OM1> book. This wonderful woman tells in a

of story the naturalsimple way and her INDIVIDUAL SACRAMENT SETS ALWAYS Iflife. other than her any was purpose

to tell her story exactly as it was, thebook would have lost its value. As one IN STOCK

reads these pages, one realizes that Grandmother Brown gives facts as she sees them Tray with 36 Glasses, and opinions formed without the handicap of preconceived philosophy which often $18.50

warps the statements of historical writers."

Extra Glasses, Per It was chosen by the Adult ComDoz., $1.25

mittee because it parallels the first hundred years of "Mormonism"and also Bread Baskets, $9.50

because it gives a genuine picture of a fine type of woman, akin to many Best in the Market among our own pioneers.

The story is especially interesting to Will Last a Life Time, 36 Glasses in Each Tray us because it touches our experiences RECOMMENDED BY PATRONS. REFERENCES FURNISHED

in many ways. Note her pride in her Made especially for L. D. S. Churches, and successfully used in Utah and

ancestry (pages 52-3). She could Intermountain region, also in all Missions in the United States, Europe, and Pacific

trace her genealogy back to 83 7 A. D. Islands. Basic metal, Nickel Silver, heavily plated with Solid Silver.

(page 5). SatisfactionSIMPLE,guaranteed.SANITARY,InquiriesDURABLEcheerfully answered

The picture of her grandparents'home is unique: BUREAU OF INFORMATIONSalt Lake City Temple Block

"In making a home for his family in the Belpre settlement, Zadoc Foster had, undoubtedly, full scope for any enterprise and industry of which he was possessed.

To make a clearing in the forest and to rear on it a comfortable cabin was real man's work, even though the logs were piled up like children's cob houses and held together by wooden pins instead of nails, even though no tools were necessary in the construction except an axe, an auger, and perhaps a crosscut saw. Rude,

indeed, were those first log cabins with their puncheon floors, wooden shutters, leather latchstrings, stone chimneys, clay hearthstones. Primitive was the homemade furniture within them. We catch

a glimpse of a table split from a large log, a bedstead made of poles interlaced with bearskins, a spinning wheel in the corner, a rifle hung in forked cleats over the door with powder horn beside it, threelegged stools, splintbottomed chairs, castiron spiders, longhandled fryingpans, a movable Dutch oven."

Read about her childhood's home (pages 26 to 28): about her father

(pages 32 to 38) who died when she was four years old. Follow her

through the many pioneer joys and tribulations; glow with her faith and

fervor; laugh at her quickwitted retorts; weave her experiences into the

history of the times. See her ideals

of personal appearance (page 115), her education (pages 47 and 62).

Consider the plan of the Coonskin fill all the Library (page 88) and its possibiliThese young people—former stuand has been unable to

ties. dents of Henager's Business College positions open.

Read this on dancing: are all employed by one companyclasses that arranged so are The school the placed of were them by

in the five school dancing always met "The start at time students any new may Salina, Idaho, year. this Oakley, and girls seppracticing afternoon, boys and as their as rapidly just progress and Salt Manti, Lake and Sigurd, Provo first. at arately learned both had When ability will permit. application and represented. are City, Utah, steps, the The together. then came we We

all in are given commercial Courses fiddles, to the of danced they and this year students enrolled musk school has called off, 'First lady forward! Seven from 1 7 States. If you want a subjects and completion qualifies one

hands round.'There were no round thorough busines training and a pofor office work. Call, write, or

dances. teachers take to taught College, us to Business Our Henager's phone should sition graduation you upon little steps, to forward back move and full information. for E. Broadway, 45 College. in Business enroll Henager's genteelly. pride dignity! some With and

Visitors are time and at any welcome calls for has more had The school I if I could were do Why, on it now my feet—one, two, three, four, five, then office help this year than ever before. inquiries cheerfully answered.

830 The Improvement Era for October, 1930

back again; six, seven, eight, nine, ten.

That was the way to do it—so rhythKetterer & Perschon mically and beautifully. Now they grab

Company contradanceseach other andtookgo seesawingin the wholearound.room. TheIt The more

657 Washington Street was lovely to see them do it the girls so | you have Salt Lake City, Utah prettydresses anklelength.and modest, inWhenthosetheydays,honoredtheir

that just didn't Painting, squat Decorating, Interior the partner, they side the more lean to one they must square Paperhanging way, but in Private

Homes, Churches, Amusement gracefully.

Halls "When we were living on the farm I you have

See our work at 9th, 19th and taught my children to dance. Afterward,

first to Madison, Fort Lizzie came when need for dancing. her complimented on she was Right HawthornePrices—Highward Qualitychapels said. me,'she taught mother A 'My Satisfaction Assured shout went up. They thought her a! INSURANCE

SKETCHES ON REQUEST wicked mother, I suppose, who would

Phone Was. 2797 Phone Hy. 3756 teach her child to dance. But, if it had l

so to say dance, it would been wicked in |! Protect what you have by insuring

it shalt If not 'Thou the Bible. had said,

dance,'I would not have done it, for I!it. Buy sound insurance. Let us

have kept all the Thou Shalt Nots."explain the value of a policy in the

The book traces her life from April j Utah Home Fire Insurance Co.

9, 1827, when she was born in Ath- i ens, Ohio, third child of Ebenezer i

Foster and Achsah Culver and christened "Maria Dean."It carries her

father; of the loss childhood; through

life a Utah under of mother; the marriage

to at eighteen marriage stepfather; to Home Fire Insurance Co. removal Brown; Daniel Truesdale

her husband's home in Amesville, Heber J. Grant 8 Co.

eight children; her birth of the Ohio,

of a General Agents pioneering the of two; the death

Brigham Young University farm on Skunk River, Iowa. Salt Lake City, Utah

"Such a way of living is hard, hard,cuts fuel costs 50 % with HARD. The only thing that can make it

Iron Fireman Automatic Coal endurableof it. I rememberfor a womanone isdayloveonandtheplentyfarm

Burlington. to going was when Dan'l Burner

left he kissed meI he before that remember lying little sick baby and first me Iron my installed our "We Fireman—kissed

I pillow. her had many on so white Purchasing Sauls, 1926,"B. states K. in

Agent of Brigham Young University, things to do that day. But, my! how

Provo, Utah. "The installation proved the work flew under my hands! What a

so satisfactory that in 1929 we installed difference a kiss can make!"

Iron Fireman stokers in two other heating plants. The book goes on, fourteen years

"Our records show a saving in fuel of life on that farm; removal to Fort

costs of approximately 50% over the Madison, Iowa; loneliness after the

previous heating season with hand firing. death of her husband; greater ease in

We have constant pressure, maintained her old age; down to the termination

practically there is automatically, and hundred and no of her one years—still properly are the machines smoke when and sympathetic interesting, keen, shall that appears handled. we It now

save in two years enough in fuel costs to alert.

pay for our Iron Fireman machines.*'Her daughterin-law says: "Chiefly I think of her as a mother. In NATIONAL

An Iron Fireman installed in your furthating ofexperiencemany things.she hasAfoundcarefulunderstandcraftsman Prices $60.00 and Up

costs, fuel will cut boiler proud, nature all room nace or in she SecondHand and New pressure, or heat her even that steady, maintain demands timid though Registers Cash the is It eliminate smoke costs, children. labor reduce satisfied does,too,—sheandin byher pride be

nuisance, and deliver the finest, cheapest impossible to tell her story and not refer Accounting Machines buy. can children, heat hopes to her automatic that money to her Inconstantly

in touch Get vestigate Fireman now. Iron for them, and work and plans and their i jBookkeeping Machines with your local Iron Fireman dealer or reaction to her efforts."Guaranteed Repairs—Supplies

District Read, Repwrite or phone Mayne TERMS MONTHLY LOW

Co., Iron the resentative Mfg. Fireman of last birth of her of the Speaking INTEREST NO

Salt City, Utah. Ave., Lake Yale 1623 Grandmother (Herbert) child Brown for Old Allowances Liberal

IRON says: Registers FIREMAN j The National Cash AUTOMATIC COAL BURNER my"Ihairwaswasnearlygray.fortythree* * * yearsMy neighbor,old, and

Mrs. Johnson, said she'd be so ashamed Register Co.

the machine she wouldn't know what to do if she H. V. KUHN, Sates Agent

Streets coal that and State South gray. made 2nd after Corner her hair was a baby had

"City, Was. 1144 Utah she?'Herbert: did, I (Mrs. did Salt Lake 'She automatic an fuel

(Continued on page 836) The Improvement Era for October, 1930 831

"H You're Sick Foods for Health

i Go To Nature -Way The Art of Soup Making,; Is the advice hundreds of

By ADAH R. NAYLOR {| satisfiedtheir friends.patrons are giving to

be in prepared is a few minutes. the of time year when live the teaches to They j you how

are usually thickened with butter are the to forget as established glad of NatureTHISwe \ NatureWay Health Service j Laws and flour to about the consistency ij by a wise Creator. chilled salads and iced of cream. Meat soups take longer

drinks of summer and turn our atbut are not difficult to prepare. Sickness is man - made.

tention to foods hot and savory. They are usually thickened with | Health is Divine.

On a cold or chilly evening rice, barley, noodles, macaroni or Send for free information on nothing is more appetizing and things of like nature. Health Foods—Diet Service

satisfying to a hungry person than etc. It is Books—Courses, hot soup.good wholesome is the |

iand nutritious can and be made VfEAT1 * foundationSTOCK.—Stockof all meat soups.

the a well balanced dish of main it it is cold is firm like jelly When NatureWay cost of is ofmeal. food Where and if earthen put dish in an and

itgreat consideration should ice be placed in the will Institute keep box served several times a during week a It ten to days. from week can jj 2929/2 W. 1st South weather.cold if be kept longer boiled occaup

in a fresh scalded i and put are the sionally kinds: Soups of two Listen to our radio mornthe dish. Since requires cooking ing, 8 o'clocksoups meat stocks with from made talks—EveryEvery Mon. and KDYL.

other ingredients added, and cream a long period of time, it should Thurs. 10:30 a. m KSL.

soups, made by cooking fish and be made up in large quantities.their juices, or vegetables with their The quality and richness of 'If You're Sick—

juices in milk. The latter are stock depends more on the proper Go to Nature Way"

simply and easily made and can choice of ingredients and a clear

THE CHURCH UNIVERSITY

in the Service of the Church

Standard collegiate instruction is available in the five colleges of

Applied Science, Arts and Sciences, Commerce, Education, Fine Arts, and the Graduate Division.

Vocational instruction is especially made available during the

Winter Quarter, which commences December 8.

Take advantage of the exceptional school spirit and student activities at the "Y"during the Winter and Spring Quarters.

Leadership Week is scheduled for January 26 to 30, inclusive

For further information write to

The President BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY PROVO, UTAH SF*sUi2- *IfcjjiSThe Friendly School"832 The Improvement Era for October, 1930

understanding of the principles of

We Say soup making than it does on the Delicious sum paid out at the market. With

"Welcome"thought and right management one Neat and MEAN it! can utilize all scraps'and trimmings of meat and the bones from roast

We Feature veal, chicken. turkey and Promptness beef,

are not so Sandwiches Mutton, and pork lamb Cheerfulness

Honest Prices. good as the flavor of the former is

not pleasant when recooked and It is easy to make depork is too fat, though many cooks use ham bones. Stock made enlicious, neat sandwiches

SALT6LAKEMAINCITYST.- UTAH tirely from cooked meat and bones with Long Royal Bread.

is they but not so good when are Because of its smooth bones, to fresh An L. D. S. Institution meat and added

and PROUD of it they impart a rich flavor and are texture and convenient

Ml4Hl)0K M<l-fl frOOTBfrUWUiM04 clear gain, since in many homes all long shape you can cut such material is considered waste.

slices attractive with no immediately, be used should least taint is sure as the 20 Y e a r s of Theyhowever, crumbs or crumbling.

Improvement to spoil the stock. Long Royal is rich in

produced this HTHE shin of beef and brisket of nutriment, uniform in * beef makes the best stock. Veal texture, and of course,

delicate white stock a very makes GREAT it is in nutriment lacking but EUREKA flavor. and delicious in flavor.

When meat is used solely for Fresh stock it should be cut in very small At Your Grocer's pieces. If you wish to have stock Twice a Day

$56.50 andleave a thepiecemeatof insavoryone largemeat piecealso,

and when cooked enough to sepAttachments arate from the bones, remove from LONG ROYAL $8.00 kettle and allow the bones to con-

s> tinue cooking. However it is impossible to have good boiled meat

In the Eureka Standard, and good stock at one and the the famous "HighVacuum"same time as the two objects are principle of cleaning has been diametrically opposed.

brought to its highest point crackedBonesasforthesoupearthyshouldsubstancebe wellto of refinement. This superwhich they owe their solidity inpowered Eureka not only ascases the gelatinous matter which

sures superior cleaning of must be extracted in order to give soup. the to thickness and but strength coverings, floor and rugs

contains oz. of bone (Two and amaznew hasalso many meat.) of as gelatine one lb. as A Distinctive much

ing uses you never believed In breaking the bones more sur- a vacuum cleaner could have faces are exposed and more gelatinFLAVOR!

polishing, sanitizing, ous matter dissolved.—floor You'll delighted be the with

distinctive, finer flavor of Sego should for always soup "V/fEAT... its rich, Milk and creamydemonstrationmoth control.—Askno obligafor a water, in cold cook to -*-'*- be put thickness!

tion. allowed to heat slowly and never AT YOUR GROCER'S Easy Terms—Small boiled fast at any time. The proCarrying Charge portion of meat and water is one

pound of meat, bones and trimSEGO

Utah Power & Light Co. mings to two quarts of water. This MELODYLANE

or any of its stores may seem a large amount of water K S L or but it is well to have what is needDelightful violin

played Cleaner Co. by Wm. Eureka Vacuum ed in the beginning as it injures and organ music later. to flavor more add the As and

E. Broadway 177 Asper. to heat as begins HardimanFrank the water soon

evenings Saturday City Salt Lake to rise, should begins which at 8. a scum

Phone Was. 4764 be carefully removed if you wish

the stock to be clear. After the

scum is all removed, salt, pepperThe Improvement Era for October, 1930 833

corns, a few cloves and a bay leaf into a muslin bag and dropped inshould be added, the soup kettle to the soup for a little time before lightly covered and contents alserving.

is better. and put away in the ice box, ithours—evenlowed to cooklongerslowly for 5 or 6 When the stock is finally made,

When done, add one tablespoon affords the busy housewife an opof carmelized sugar. This gives portunity to quickly prepare new

an amber color and imparts a and interesting foods for a hungry fine flavor. The stock should be family.

strained > through a wire strainer, lined with a square of cheese cloth, TjrENSILS.—Every householdand put to cool in an open earthen should have a large soup kettlfbowl. It is sometimes necessary—aluminum is best though old

to strain soup more than once in fashioned iron ones are very good.

order to avoid all small bits of The kettle should be high in probroken bone. It should be alportion to its size as only a small

lowed to cool without a cover, part of its surface needs to contact otherwise it will sour very quickly. the heat, because of the slow simIn Sail Lake City

mering required. Then too, a kettle

TF vegetables are to be used, they of this form takes less room on TheNewhouse.ideal stoppingEnjoy supremeplace iscomthe

should not be added until an the stove. Other necessary utenfort, convenience and luxurious

hour before the stock is done. sils are coarse and fine wire strainservice at a nominal cost.

They make it cloudy, and it will ers and two or three squares of

Cafe and Cafeteriasour much more quickly, especially cheese cloth—the latter can be kept

in warm weather. It is better to clean and fresh by boiling in soda You'll like the excellent food and

cook the vegetables by themselves water. the delightful atmosphere of the

in a small amount of water and -<10<gg>5l Newhouse cafe and cafeteria.

add them with their juices to the necessary amount of stock about ("T [the Bible] is, indeed, justly calledfifteen serving. * that Writ. before minutes has Holy He HOTEL > lost use can again, find a soupbouquet him his GodMany cooks A

for flavoring. It is made of a few and towards him who never knewsprigs of parsley, thyme, celery him, it wafts the spirit and the NEWHOUSE

leaves and a bit of onion, sewed breath of the divine word. Heine.

The Newest Trend is BACK TO COAL

will of to continue "estimates."coal old economy because burn You KNOW the coal—andHundreds of thousands of people burn fuel whose known economy is not based on

savings the indisputable... now value of coal, sustaining radiant a they know and its

heat... because of its yearin and yearout with 1930 methods of firing, you cut former

economy... because it leaves no greasy uncosts still lower... in some cases actually in

cleanliness on the walls, no tarnishing mar to half.

. fixtures metal.. and particularly because claims extravagant the often taking Before

it is safe. absolutely they know it to seriously, fuels competitive too you owe of

And now, the developments of the yourself to phone your coal man new stoker industry imrrk the let him present this new story and awakening of the coal man to the you will be agreeably surprised to march of progress. They signify the learn that you can have the easy conwith the newest of 1930 living to COAL venience trend—BACK... of coal. worryfree advantages This is why

The modern stoker gives you the Phone your coal man... hear

same CONVENIENCE as other his story of a proved SAFE heat and learn the why many fuel substitutes—with

It gives added advantages of coal. and IENT itECONOMICALis the most CONVENheat for

coalsaving economies in a youl AL you newUTAH <<The West's Unequalled FueV 834 The Improvement Era for October, 1930

Tested Recipes

11 Cream of Tomato Soup UTAH'S MOST 1 can tomatoes KS 1 small onion 2 stalks celery EXCLUSIVE mi (or celery salt) teaspoon soda rv tablespoons butter RADIO DEALER tablespoons flour'

Featuring ill 1 quart milk 'The Best in II: II Salt and white pepper

Radio"white sauce Make of butter, Baby Grand SPHILCO flour milk. and tomatoes, Cook PHILCOBOSCH- $69.50 Complete

and add soda. When the bub- - WE8TINGIIOUSE ATWATER KENT onion and celery together, strain

bling stops mix with the white sauce. Have bouillon cups ready

with slice of orange in each, pour soup in and serve at once. The

orange gives the soup a delicious Radio INC.[Studios

flavor. 2337 Wash. Ave. 136 E. 3rd So. 213 W. Center

Qsrden Salt Lak Provo Cream of Corn Soup 1 can of corn VISITORS TO SALT LAKE CITY WELCOME TO MEET AT 2 stalks celery 1 small onion CO., 212 MAIN ST. 1 The UNION tablespoon DENTAL parsley chopped

Office Dental Utah's Oldest and Largest 1 tablespoon butter EXAMINATION FREE 1 tablespoon flour

Complete X-Ray Service—Modern Sterilizing Equipment 1 pint milk Painless Extraction of Teeth—50c -J pint cream

Extractions Under to $4 per ToothGas—$2extracted—and 50c Cook corn, celery, onion and

FREE EXTRACTION milk for about 30 minutes, then

WHEN PLATES OR BRIDGE WORK IS ORDERED strain through fine wire sieve. Heat

butter in small Plate, stir Vulcanite pan With and in Teeth—$10 add to the strained mixture Bridge Per Tooth flour, 22-K and Gold Crown TrubyteWork—$5 and let to a boil, it come stir then

ST. CO., 212 MAIN UNION DENTAL

Location for Over 28 Years and Same Management SALT LAKE CITY choppedin the cream.parsley Putin eacha littlecup. ofServethe

with popcorn.

"He Builds Wisely Who Builds Well"Tomato Soup with Sago—SPECIFY—USE—Soak 4 tablespoons of pearl sago

NEPKI PLASTER TIMPIE HYDRATED LIME slowlyin a pintuntilof coldthe sagowater,is clear.then cookTo

CALIFORNIA STUCCO oneonion,can aofsprigtomatoesof parsleyadd a sliceand ofa

Sold by Leading Building Material Dealers stalk of celery and cook 10 min- 1 Everywhere utes, strain, add the sago and pint of heated soup stock. Stir in

TIMPIE Hydrated Lime Powder supplied in 50lb. also 10lb. strong 1 tablespoon of butter, add salt

Ideal packages. paper and for farm use—liming soils, spraying trees and white pepper to taste and serve in poultry coops and yards. at once.

Nephi Plaster & Manufacturing Co. Vegetable Soup

The Utah Lime and Stone Co. 2 quarts cold water

Utah Stucco Products Co. 1 bunch of carrots, diced

1 bunch of green onions, 907 Continental Bank Bldg., Salt Lake City cut fine

W. L. Ellerbeck, Preston Nibley, 11 cupbunchchoppedof celery,parsleycut fine

General Manager Asst. Manager 1 bunch spinach

-J can tomatoes The Improvement Era for October, 1930 835

Put carrots, onions and celmushrooms in butter for 15 minery in water and when it comes to utes and add to thickened stock a boil, add parsley and tomatoes. then stir in the half cup of cream.

Cook slowly for 30 minutes—then Season well and serve.

add spinach. Ten minutes laterremove from fire and season with French Onion Soup EAT

salt to taste. This soup is goodfor invalids. 2 large onions ThreeMeals

| lb. cheese

Mushroom Soup 1 qt. soup stock A Day

lb. fresh mushrooms Small bits of bread

{"Conference visitors Slice tablespoon butter in thin onions butand fry "/ in Salt will Lake City turning constantly until they flour ter, tablespoon the inexpensive luxenjoy are light Slice cheese the brown.

cup thick cream and put it over the onions, stir ury of eating breakfast, cups veal soup stock until the cheese is melted, then add lunch and dinner at one of

Salt and paprika the quart of heated soup stock. the four conveniently loSeason and serve with bits of toastTo 2 lbs. of veal shank, well ed bread on top. cated stores.

broken add 3 quarts of cold water, Same service in Ogden and it let heat slowly remove and scum it rises. as cook and Add salt for Soup Dinners Fountain,Provocafe, candies

several hours. Chop fine, an onion,

a carrot and a stalk of celery. Wash I-

mushrooms well, remove skin and slice stems, and slice very thin. Cream of tomato soup—with

of orange Put the chopped vegetables with French fried potatoes served with Keeley 's the skins and stems of the mushsoup in place of crackers INC.

into the stock rooms cook and 30 Egg and lettuce salad "Best by Test"minutes. Strain thicken with and

the flour and butter. Fry the sliced Apple pie and cheese. -(>a-ci<a

Make Your Home MORE Than a

.. Place in Which to Live

Make it a Place in Which to ENJOY Living

Electric Refrigeration Three wonderful servants—Electric Cooking, and Electric Water Heating, are so easily at your command—and

how they add to your home enjoyment!

You may purchase these appliances on remarkably easy operate them on our combination terms—and

onemeter rate.

PHONE US FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONCERNING

THIS UNEQUALLED HOME SERVICE

Utah Power B Light Co.

Efficient Public Service 836 The Improvement Era for October, 1930

i:-MM:nMr. (!- asssssssssss II. f <> -b*

1 Vegetable soup made with meat stock This \ qpoisE \ Hot bread rolls in place of crackers i TRUST COMPANY i Head lettuce with French dressing cookies. Acts as Popularity * Fruited jell-o and

Hints t - Assignee - Receiver Trustee t Leadership f - Guardian Executor are level un- * All measurements

These can be yours through li less otherwise stated. Exchange Agent

fat Administrator soup removed from The Dramatic in training | Art, \i clarified for stock used can and be Registrars

>'t is art of expresthe which spaghetti, flavoring noodles, i and t Transfer

>'vegetables. boiled spoken the by sing thought

;| word and appropriate gesThe meat strained from stock is Agent

ture. Read full particulars almost tasteless but it can be made

it fine a dish. palatable Cut 'in our book on Dramatic Art into 4% fried in butter, onions add and

t and Play Production. A rechopped celery and a small piece of PAID ON SAVINGS

I quest from you will bring green pepper cut very fine. Shape

| it by return mail. into a loaf and bake in oven 20 Gilt Edge First Mortgage

i minutes. Loans or Bonds to

t Some cooks fry a few pieces of Net You 6% the soup meat dark brown and add

I to the soup kettle before the simis in order process begun I McCune School of mering to HalloranJudge color. deep stock a amber give the Music and Art A handful of spinach well poundTrust Company

min- a few to soup added and St. ed Main North 200 I

at Salt j it a Cor. Broadway, Main give will serving utes i before City, Salt Utah Lake t color. green City, Lake Utah, t Was 633

t 7i> m ii>*. n. r-——- *—-—-* <- mm m m vV -flGgJgj*- J

Adult ENSENSlEWELERS"? MAIN ST. U E 5T. I 7 5

Department PRESERVE For Diamonds (Continued from page 830) and Watches the memories of your to Jensen's vacation. Place your D.of her,Brown)I'd likeaskedto know?'fiercely. 'What became Come

Kodak prints in an alGrandmother"'Why, sheBrown;died afterand a then,while,'withsaida the jewelers.old reliable

)c bum. flashcame ofof humor,her'."'I don't know what be-

I WRIST The Foreword by Charles G. Dawes WATCHES

is perhaps one of the best criticisms with metal bands of the book: ALBUMS at one dollar

Special $10 j and up in attractive collarger"Theits olderpopulation,our countrythe greaterbecomes,its thediof and of blood, industry, of j ored covers. Mail orders versification Others $5 to $100 acjudgment our calm culture, the more

given careful attention. knowledges the debt this people owe to

its early settlers. It was they who laid

the foundation and fashioned the shape of the governmental, social, and industrial Beautiful Diamond

* * subtractions. or additions only EASTMAN KODAK makeedifice, to which we of this generation * Rings the story without the can read one "No

STORES, Inc. continuingness, withoutsenseaddedof itsreverenceinherentfortruthfulthe old $50 $100—$150

315 South Main Street American stock, transplanted but unchanged, without an added realization of

Salt Lake City, Utah the fact that the imporant things of life Watch and Jewelry Repairing small duties, that ones, and are the simple themselves up Sponsors of the Correct Time Over KSL performed, faithfully sum

Everything Photographic finally in the creation of high character commanding universal respect and interENSENS-lEWELERS est, an becoming and influence for un- V MAIN ST. J EST. 187 5 citizenship."to our good bounded

The Improvement Era for October, 1930 83t

Expatriation (Continued from page 807) NOTICE!

the world, but they adopted me, the secret of her birth might, TO EVERY MEMBER OF THE coming to this land to take me through the disclosure of her iden- L. D. S. CHURCH

back with them after the frightful tity, become widely known. You may select any

hurricane."The lieutenant soon returned.

let me call you by your Dinner Set "Well, I'll be—excuse me. Say, "Will you

that explains a lot of mysteries!"first name?"in the House

Hawley exclaimed excitedly. "The Specially Pricedmoment you landed in Pago Pago,

I felt sure we had met before, and 1 HE young chap's face now I know why. Can't you rewas too frank and open for deceit, 95

member? As kiddies we played but for a moment his companion and

uptogether. Then the Redfields took wondered whether or not he was 4

you away. I've often thought a pretender, and determined to put to as high as you wish to pay

about you and wondered where him to the test. selection embracing the largest asyou were and whether you remem- "You doubtless have heard my sortment of Open Stock Patterns

bered me. Do you?"first name but you may call me by in the intermountain west, for only

The bewildered girl looked at it if you can tell me my last real him intently, but there was no sign name."DOWN

aren't "Prudent, eyes. the in searchingof recognition you? Not goand 50c A WK.

to believe ing fairy stories,"50c to time any recover from To give her the surprise caused by this revelaHawley laughed delightedly. Proportionately higher terms on the

tion, Hawley excused himself to "Lucky for me I have proof of more expensive sets attend to some duty in connection our early acquaintance. Your real Cbme in and see all the new

with the ship. The commodore name is Lilly Nell Terry; your Patterns now on display

and his wife were dozing, or prefather was John Terry; as yourtending to, on the opposite side of house collapsed your mother saved CALLAWAYS

the deck. Nell was torn by conyour life by throwing herself over 66 MAIN

flicting emotions, pleasure at meetyou, and in doing so received her Salt Lake City ing an old friend and fear that death blow. I can show you the l-(lBi;

Let Chickens Buy Your Home And Lifes Income

We invite Conference and Fair visitors and all others interested to come and see the most pretentious, scientifically planned poultry development in America.

We can place fifty additional families next year. Come

and see us or write,

MIDVALE HOME FINANCE CORPORATION

Midvale, Utah 838 The Improvement Era for October, 1930

exact spot where the house stoodl parTHE NEW ALL STEEL andents sleep."the cemetery where your

Nell appreciated the rollicking MISKIN SCRAPER sailor's consideration in leaving, her at this juncture instead of remaining to enjoy his complete triumph, for she was so perturbed

FOR by this unexpected tieup with her

HORSES past as to be on the verge of weepOR ing. Later she noticed that he wasnot busy and motioned him to reTRACTOR join her. They were drawing near

to the harbor and she was anxiousfor a few more details.

WEEDS GROW UP AROUND ALL OTHER SCRAPERS 'You remember my parents?"

IS MISKIN WHERE THE as well I do and "As KNOWN own my your farm now. BETTER NO INVESTMENT POSSIBLY CAN BE MADE as loved almost In much. them it is as LevelAT THIS TIME, well that leveled a operate, known to is cheaper farm

requires less to water irrigate less I labor and to as free even distribution time produce those and an days in your was of crops and a yield. greater much efficient to The and do economical way as were."with a you this is home Scraper. Miskm See our at Scraper the City, Fair at Salt October Lake

4th to October 11th. WRITE FOR PRICES. CIRCULAR StateAND "Tell them."about me Manufactured only by

er as the squarest man on the IsMISKIN SCRAPER WORKS "Everybody spoke of your fathUCON, IDAHO lands and your mother as the most beautiful and talented woman. Naturally her heroic death added to

the reverence in which the natives held her. You'll find plenty of

people will remember them who City Coal Company they find out both and when who you are they'll look upon you almost as a goddess."

"GORDON f&CkTII"tity"I hiddenwould ratherat leastkeepformya identime. CREEK Wt-f/f 1-r Of course I may trust you with my

The SuperFuel secret?"

"I give you the word of a sailor.

Try our Special Domestic Lump, $8.15 per ton And now can't you remember me,

Nelly?"Hyland3131 1242 South West Temple I "No, not quite, and yet it seems that I can. Was your mother or

it! Jove, you're getting "By

brought\ Western Chocolate Mothersome other white lady there?"you to our home

after accident the and you livedfor Western. Schools the Redfields us until with took

Most school cafeterias in the West serve hot you away. I used to carry you

chocolate, made with Ghirardelli's Ground around in my arms."

Chocolate. Managers and principals know "Please don't go into too much

detail,"the young lady protested.

that that means clearer heads in the afternoon "I carried you away from the periods, and a better healrh average during crowd on the day your parents trying months. Atin of Ghirardelli'sGround were buried,"Hawley went on not

Chocolate in the cafeteria is a pretty good heeding the admonition, "and we recommendation for the management of the sat on a rock overlooking the thirsty; ocean. were hot and You for.....Write FREE school.

Sixteen""Sweet a for and cocoanut I broke you Recipe Packet 2, No.

principals, parents, Correspondence teachfrom D.GhirardclliCo., recall a drink. gave Can't you you

St., Point North 914 is invited. managers ers, and cafeteria D. GhirarFrancisco, Calif. putting your around arms San my

delli Co., 9 14 North Point St., San Francisco. neck, calling me by name and begging me not to leave you?"

"Dick!"Memory, which reGHIRARDELLI'S fused to operate until it was fully

ready, now awoke with a start. CHOCOLATE "Are you Dick?"m Say "Gearar-delly""Yes, I'm Dick!"exclaimed the

& delighted fellow. "How wonderThe Improvement Era for October, 1930 839

ful that I of all chaps in the world dren. You are a strange man

should bring you back to this wearing the uniform of. the great

I left States. friend Unitedplace where we last met."my old

i in ago. years * Dick He i Dress in Style Apia many

was just a little fellow wearing a i 1 HE introduction lava lava instead of a uniform. /made Nell very happy; but the I wonder what he's been doing all on Credit!

light in her newly found friend's this time."

eyes aroused a strong premonition "You can't jar me into speaking The New Fall Fashions in that, as a result of their meeting in the third person, and I'm not Glorious Array are Ready again so strangely, this playmate going to let you forget that I carof her baby days would be forced ried you around in my arms. Af- i

to endure disappointment similar ter you left I started in by climb- j For Men, to that which had overtaken Nate. ing to the top of the hill, Mt.

above fearThis her that reminded she Vaea, the town—look, we Women, Boys it clearly can see from here; it's oftenmight alone see him and

therefore her conduct toward him the spot where Stevenson is buried.must be very discreet. He was known as Tusitala, the and Girls

"Now that I am remembered Taleteller. From the very top of I

of course you'll go on calling me the highest cocoanut tree on the j Credit to the Full Extent of

Dick?"There was a wistful tone highest hill I watched your vessel Your Needs Gladly Given

in the man's voice as though he as long as it was in sight. Afterdivined the thought in her heart. wards I soundly thrashed a native BUY ON PAYMENTS "No, I shall call you Lieutenant boy who said I'd been crying. I j

Hawley, or Mr. Hawley which, I swore I hadn't, though there must Easiest Terms in Town

understand from Commodore King have been streaks of tears all over I is the correct form in naval circles."my dirty face. Then and there I

"Now look here, Nell Terry, made up my mind to become a!why the necessity of so much forgreat sailor and go around the COLLINS

mality? One would think you world until I found you. That

were an admiral. Why, we've was the incentive for joining the 307 MAIN STREET.

known each other a score of years."navy, and I've been like the FlySALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

'Yes, but we're no longer chiling Dutchman, wandering over

KETCHUM BUILDERS'SUPPLY EVERYTHING FOR THE BUILDER

When you are in the market for building materials we have anything you may need. It will be a

pleasure to show you through our yards and help you estimate the materials required for the building or remodeling work you are planning.

We Stock the Best Materials at the Lowest Prices

Plumbing Fixtures Lumber Cement Roofing

Pipe and Fittings Mouldings Lime Shingles

Lattice Plaster Asphalts Valves—Fittings Pickets Insulations Bldg. Paper

Laundry Stores Posts Paint Tarred Felts

Tanks, etc. Batten Oil, Glass Creosote

Yards and Stores Was. 8411

780 West 4th Phone *fk 840 The Improvement Era for October, 1930

the earth hunting you ever since."

"You're about as truthful as NEWEST other sailors when it comes to paying compliments to ladies. If the i ECZEMA! STYLES real facts were known my pride would have an upset, for you have HAYFEVER?

of thought your Guaranteed Remedy play- A since please that day. mate Nowlittle Wedding never Not a patent medicine, but tell forget about about and me URADO OIL, nature's ownthe remedy,famous

found flowing the in our rocks from yourself."

refined Uintah clear Basin and to aAnnouncements color will soil that stain "We'll soon be entering the har- i ownamber not or and ship,bor, butand I must look after the the clothing. The raw oil contains 40% first let me square myself Ichthyol,at the U. accordingof U. Ichthyol,to tests a conducted,rare and

by saying you do me an injustice. costly drug found only in the Tyrolean

is at great imported Alps, expense and is extensively for diseases skin used by Invitations II thoughtam sure ofthatnothingfor a weekbut myat leastsorin their S. the U. Government own hosrow at your leaving."pitals and by physicians generally.

Tests conducted over a period of years V "Suppose you are telling the have proven URADO OIL cures where been It has with Ichthyol fails. used

local Printed truth now and that you did think extraordinary success physiby

Process Embossed of me for a whole week, that furcians, performing 100% permanent disease Ecskin the dreaded cures of (after had every remedy zema known relief instant giving almost and Or intimacynishes littleafterexcusetwentyforyears.any greatWe failed)

Engraved are almost strangers to each other. in Hayfever.

testimofor pamphlet and now Must you go?"Write

bottle, large $1.50 for trial nials or send

enough for light cases. CURE POSITIVELY GUARANTEED, no matter

Mail Orders Given Special 1 HE commodore was 1 howFUNDED.long standing OR MONEY REAttention stalking up and down, and his

looks indicated that he thought the young officer should be at his URADO REMEDY GO.

post, and Hawley understood the SUITE 319 McINTYRE BLDG.

look. Still he took time to say: Salt Lake City

"I can't go ashore now but will

Ask for Samples and be on hand to help you any way

Prices I can in the morning."

"Thank you; I shall be glad of that. I prefer to rent a private CLEAW

cottage, rather than live in a hotel if I can find something which suits Wwith,

Prompt Service me."

"I'm sure we'll find the very The DESERET thingNellyoulookedwant."with wonder, indeed with awe, upon the great NEWS PRESS rusting skeletons, the daylight

showing through their steel ribs, 29 Richards Street which, when she saw them last,

Salt Lake City were complete, though wrecked, battleships. The harbor is a shallow one, and passengers are obliged

BE INDEPENDENT tothe gooceangoingto and fromvesselsthe wharfin smallto

No Other Vocation So Profitable! boats, and this was one of the

ENROLL things always stood had which NOW at the Course For a Complete girl's in the out memory.

Culture of BeautyQuish School She could not have described her set feelings the foot as she land on in The Best the West OIL STANDARD the it also to be birth. her of Was

304-9 Bldg. Thompson Ezra cJ>wducll W be die she and should land where CITY, UTAH SALT LAKE

buried? Imperfect recollections of

For Further Information and Catalog Call her sorrowful babyhood days,

Wasatch 7560 01 mingled with the memories of Fill in This more recent trials, overwhelmed ipripringtime

Coupon her, and she was glad to reach her room in the primitive hotel where freshness unrestrainedly. she could weep

be continued) Alt THE YEAR.F (To

The Improvement Era for October, 1930 841

Hallowed Season

THERE'SDENTAL PLATE dappling aandhunter'ssplashingmoonthe woods with golden light, imagination a wee bit of with SPECIALIST and light, very a distinguish we can light, footstep in the rustling of the dead leaves. It is "the time of

all times"we are told, "when supernatural influences prevail."

Out of webs, and laces, and mists come the masks of Hallow- e'en, the vigil of All Saints, halof artificial contemplate a set If you teeth during Conference or any lowed time that has been given week other advice I want to see you. I unover to spirits and spooks, and apqualifiedly promise you the best set paritions to order, among which

of teeth the to in had be city—whether with witches find hideous we RIGHT NOW

little I giveyou or pay and much, in a bats, and brew snakes and positivea guarantee the that loop marin This parisian a guaranteeing cauldron, sizzlingterials, this all about workmanship and 18 gold k hand made set will best the the future. be into can buy. money peep center carat V4two &

of impressiontaking methods andMy cur smaller diamonds etc., registration arejaw and new be would some who may HTHERE terms. scientific, convenietft but exacting more much * like future, the into a but peep

better. results relatively producing

there are others of us who are quite willing to wait for Time to unroll Park DmJewelers DR. A. W. ENSIGN the scroll. We don't mind that 317 Mclntyre Bldg., Salt Lake City, Ut. rustle to lighter feet than those 166 Main St.—Salt LakeVCity

This coupled with the attractive prices heard other seasons, but we do

I am charging for my sets make it mind witches. Personally, we've Wedding Rings to Match

worth your while to call on me. Exhad an antipathy for witches

amination and consultationi free.tree. from childhood—maybe a legacy $12.00

(Continued on page 848)

car can better perform the gasoline NOthan it is ANDlubrication,when itNewcomesVico,to supplied with. And no gaswith its four important new

oline can perform better than features, brings extra protecPep 88. This has been tion to your motor and econproved so conclusively by reomy to your pocketbook.

peated tests that we guaranNew Vico is such a superior tee: motor oil that we back it Pep 88 will give any car Vj&% with this guarantee:

more miles per gallon than crankcase. Reyour Drain gasoline imported any on Two necessities for fill with Vico. Then New this market, similar under

if you conditions. your motor that are drive 1000 miles, and

Pep 88 contains less sulfind that you have not had phur and less carbon than so good they are ofbetter lubrication, with less any imported gasoline on consumption of oil than has this market. fered with a definite been the case with any other

Pep 88 has better antioil of similar body you have ever used, dealer will your knock qualities than any imprice GUARANTEE refund the purchase of ported "regular"gasoline on this market. the New Vico.

They Give WINGS To Your Motor... NEW

Manufactured and Guaranteed by UTAH OIL REFINING CO.,

GASOLINE Salt Lake City MOTOR OIL 842 The Improvement Era for October, 1930

Neighbor Anne The (Continued from page 797) Conference and Fair da's tomcat. He's pure Maltese

an'she shut him up in a bird cage SPECIAL! DEVIL so he won't run away. But he's

hungry, an'then he Hart Schaffner & Marx when he's Will Work a good cat—sleeps all the time 'cept

terrible."somethin'meows

say he did!"for "I should Mrs.

I as FALL SUITS to her head Bench's hands went another penetrating meow pierced YOU! the room. At a New Low Price

"Polly wants her breakfast, I'll i tell the world!"screeched the parrot. "You mean supper, you fool 50 V

I -sir bird,"snapped Seth. i $27

.""Meow "I'll tell the world! Polly More for your money than in "

wants her fifteen the last season for any can you stand it, Anne "How Devil the little Red Let frantically asked Tompkins?"style, sacrifice years. of No is the emblem that famous Bench. of Mrs.

Knight Spring Canyon Coal, "Well, they are a sort of a fabric, quality or workmanship.

heat your house this winter nuisance—but Miranda has no one

at consistently lower costs. else she can leave them with."Arthur Frank

Or try Royal Coal, "Hot'n* St. 208210 Main freeburn- a superior Clean"gleamed

fulfills LAKE coal CITY eyes.! SALT ing every in Mrs. Bench'sTRIUMPHbeady, green which

promise made for it. The first part of Anne's sentence

Knight Spring Canyon is was what her big, shiny, gossiploving ears had been waiting for.

mined in Utah's deepest, old- "I wish folks wouldn't always est seam of coal. foist their animals on us,"growled

The pressure of millions of Seth, making matters a little worse. JcrasTFURNISH it appreciated? "Is Well years hard, has with made it—I "jjTOURHOME guess grain. clean a Knight Both

"Seth, ought to be you ashamed WHATIT TES.J.STOW ARE Spring Royal and Canyon

of yourself,"chided Anne.

Coals stay clean in your bin, "About time for me to be hotly with unburn and goin',"said Bench. Jane

little ash. totell "I'll usually the Order world!"called This is Your

these fine coals Polly. either of day INVITATION "Meow!"from Silverlegs. satisfaction. for winter

"Seth, I wish wouldn't you say To Axelrads said her,"before Anne, after much

tell she'll like as not "You know to the ideal of KNIGHT bidding Mrs. Bench goodbye.—Dedicated that an'the whole Miranda town comfortable beautiful and

we're complainin'about takin'care homes.

of the pets."FUEL CO. Furniture for in ideas you're "Well, the one who said See the new

Fall Winter and nuisance."they was a

sank I did,"Anne "Yes—so headthis town your down Make rocker old walnut into an to meet ROYAL wearily 'in Salt Lake quarters while

cushions. with know, "You Seth, your friends—use

I feel this like movin* just minute, check your grip or it awhile. COAL CO. to another town an'havin'ourparcels—-resttelephones,

L. E. Adams, spread abroad that I've raised a

family of twelve an'deserve to

General Sales Agent, spend the last of my days in peace

General Offices, an'quiet. But there's no rest for

me till I git wings."

818 Newhouse Bldg. "No, and then I suppose you'll; 255 STATE ST.

it is a Pleasure to Shop Where other helping the be flyin'around Salt Lake City i l.j,., their flying angels, doing maybe

..

The Improvement Era for October, 1930 843

for them. You must be tired,

Anne, for it's the first time you've talked of leaving these pesky neigh50 LBS. WEIGHT.

bors."FELTON-COTTON. BLUEBIRD BEAUTIFUL TICKING.

arrived HUNT Mi.RS. for FANCY BORDER later, came dayshome severalher pets, thanked Anne in a few MATTRESS IMPERIAL ROLL EDGE.

cold words and hurried away. HAND HOLDS.

Anne was used to this brusque treatment on the part of her neighSold by Most Furniture Stores bor. Something inside of Miranda Manufactured by

must have frozen when her nephew left her, thought Anne, and made PIONEER MATTRESS FACTORY it hard for her to show appreciation. 545 West 3rd North St. Salt Lake City, Utah

Not long after her neighbor's ooRi)[)n return, Anne was in her yard hanging up some dish towels. On

the opposite side of the slanting wooden fence dividing their gravelly backyards, Mrs. Hunt's gaunt

figure kneeled close to a wild sunflower plant. Trowel in hand, she

was loosening the hard groundabout its roots. PAINT THIS

"Lovely mornin',"greeted Anne from the depths of her blue sunbonnet. herself Mrs. AUTUMN Hunt jerked erect. Surfaces are dry and porous... in prime conin a highansweredShe Anne

pitched angry treble. "I heard, dition to benefit from a coating of

Anne Tompkins, that my pets were a nuisance to you. You're

just like everyone else—always

kicking over what you do for folks. I'll take good care they

trouble you no more."In another moment, the screen door of her Bennett's

back porch had shut to with a bang.

To Anne, the words were a thunderbolt out of a clear sky.

Tears wet her cheeks as she walked slowly into her house. When she Insurance,

began to think things over, she remembered that Jane Bench had visited Miranda Hunt the day before, and this was the result.

Seth found her with eyes still Pure Paints for exteriors..

reddened with weeping upon his arrival home that night. Gloss Finish for interiors..

"Well, of all the ungrateful old hussies!"he exclaimed on learning Quick Enamels for gay coloring

the cause of the quarrel. "You

should be glad,"he continued, all assuring protection, beauty and durability.

"she won't impose on us again!

You can thank Jane Bench for that!"Manufactured by

AiJNNE desired to be Bennett Glass & Paint Company at peace with everyone and the

Cityestrangement worried her consider65 West First South—Salt Lake

ably, yet her busy days left scant Sold throughout Utah, Southern Idaho and Neighboring States time for morbid brooding. As the

scorching summer days went by, she grew thinner and the color began to fade from her rosy cheeks.

844 The Improvement Era for October, 1930

Whenever Miranda Hunt appeared in her yard, she turned her back the moment she espied Anne Does Your Roof on the other side of the fence.

"Seth was right,"thought Anne. Give Protection?

Folks didn't appreciate kindness.

If she'd been like Miranda and cared for no one but herself, she till the wait ice and snow Don't better off. have been would These

to disfigure your come home everything last few to days seemed that through roof. leaky

go wrong. Even Mrs. Treweek

appeared ungrateful. Yesterday Fix it now.

Anne took care of the baby, today

Mrs. Treweek phoned he had colic Reroof with Old Amerand asked Anne if she were quite ican Asphalt Shingles

sure she modified the baby's milk v correctly when she cared for him. Right over your old curled up and

wornout wood shingles.

Gradually, Anne's attitude toward her neighbors changed andSpeechless became more like that of Miranda

Satisfaction guaranteed...MeaAFewffbrds Hunt.curt thatSheherwasfriendsso oftenceasedcoldaskingand

for favors. She was partly relieved Phone or write for a free estimate. WouldHaveMadeMe at the fact, but at the same time

l? But Now 1 Can face the Largest Audience jl the bottom of her little world

Stage ATrace of II Without Fright! J* dropped out. It was unnatural

of banquet our Association annual THE present the industry men Asphalt for Anne to be indifferent to American Chairman without others. called to went—andtheonbiggest mythe mind me

I half blank! and awkwardly rose,speak—andwarninginbowed Roof Corp.

you'll excuse to afraid mumbled, "I'm have

have words would a Phone Was. few 1674 Beck St. Speechless—whenme today,"and dropped back in my chair. 2663—little simple a have made a telegram Then conditions opinion of trade mycould in City""Made Salt Lake speech—givinginmadea concise,me! If Iwitty, interesting came for way, the I know Seth announcing

IAndwouldthenhavea weekbeenlatermadelikeformagiclife! I discovered death of his brother Arnold on a

how I was farm several miles from a nearby amazedto overcometo learn thatmy Istageactuallyfright—andhad a natural

gift for public speaking. With the aid of a town.

splendid new home study method I rapidly this developed short time, I wasgiftableuntil,to facein gianta ridiculouslyaudiences Anne refused to accompany him the funeral. She trace reto fright. of a stage This it would knew Hotel training selfcon-—withoutmarkable a has made me both mean trouble and work fident overnight. aggressive talker—almost * * tired, she tired and j Ambassador was of everybody

trick, There is becoming no mystery about no bril- a powerful convincing and everything. and speaker—a

liant, easy, fluent too, conversationalist. You, the offering comforts of home

can timidity, conquer fright, selfcon- "If stage hadn't quarreled you with

Bciousness bashfulness, and advancewinning visit in the city. while you she Miranda, could stay come and in salary, ment social popularity, standing,

and homesuccess.study trainingNow, throughyou canan quicklyamazingshapenew with you while I'm gone,"said

yourself into outstanding an speaker able to dominate one maninfluentialor five Seth, ready to leave.

thousand. "Well, I don't want her to, or

This Send For Amazing Booklet FREE else!"nobody snapped Anne.

This described of training method new "An', Seth, while you're at Petersin booklet, interesting very a to Work is Howfully sent Wonders With Words, being now to boro, see if that farm next to Armailing everyone below. it you In the coupon

are told will eneasy method how is still sale. this new nold's for It wouldn't

able fright, selfcon- to you stage conquer to idea be a bad sell out and go sciousnesa, timidity, fear. bashfulness and

Thousands have sent for this booklet and are in their unstinting are there. Minnie might need compraise of it. You

told you can how gone."Arnold's Now pany—now bring out deand cenr velop price---,,,!, your "I thought you through was.m- less "hiddenfRBE OKK Seth. neighboring,"smiled natknack"—the SBW theii listen in to Invites on you ural within y'#t* /'a relative, Minnie's an'"But you. obcan giftYou &''*&*->bl!y each over Sunday I Broadcast KDYL tain your copy%e& of wasn't thinkin'so that part absolutely free by at fivethirty p. m. sending the coumuch as the gittin'away from

pon. here,"retorted she. Meals at popular prices.

Institute North American I'll "Yes, over, look things 111. 3601 Michigan Ave. Chicago, day. $1.50 per to $3.50 4- but Rooms—I'd rather be shot Dept. 4187you than know

Institute, Dept. North American 4187, rates week. Also special by the ever again,"he farm grumbled. Illinois. 3601 Ave., Michigan Chicago,

Send and without me FREE copy inspiring booklet, of your my obligationHow to Anne liked the country. She Service Garage in connection.

Wonders Words, With Work and full expectaSeth married with the inhad formation regarding in Efyour Course a tion farmer's 145 So. 5th East being of always fective Speaking.

Name wife. But after she learned how SALT LAKE CITY

Address her husband detested the farm

Oity State drudgery she was glad that he got

The Improvement Era for October, 1930 845

the job in the mining town store.

Perhaps it was selfish of her to ask him to go back to the life he so AMERICAN SMELTING & REFINING COMPANY j disliked, the events of the past but Salt City, Lake Utah j- filled her weeksfew longhad with PURCHASERS OF leave to thising barren mountain Gold, Silver, Lead Copper and Ore and Smelter Products j its neighbors with unkindtown rich to greenand return fields and |I MiningOre andPurchasingGeologicalDepartment,Departments,SeventhSixthFloorFloorMcCornickMcCornickBuildingBuilding friendly farm animals. I Consign all ore shipments to:

| American Smelting and Refining Company

Ship Ores to Lead Plant, Murray, Murray Utah morning, one.CjARLY Ship Copper Siliceous and to Garfield Ores Garfield, Plant, Utahseveral days after Seth's departure,

Address correspondence follows as

Anne was awakened by the smell of smoke. She arose, dressed and Regarding Shipments and Hand Samples to 700 McCorniek Building

went about the house but found Prospecting and Development, to 61G McCornick Building no trace of fire. Then a gleam

played upon the window pane of her bedroom. Looking out, she

was horrified to see the roof of

Mrs. Hunt's kitchen ablaze. All

of a tremble, she telephoned central to turn in a fire alarm. After

which she ran to Mrs. Hunt's bedroom window, and with much

difficulty aroused the sleeping woman.

randa—the"There ain'troof timewill fallto dress,any minMi-

ute.""Oh my pets!"cried Mrs. Hunt.

"Can't you hear poor Polly?"

"Now you run in my house,"instructed Anne, "put on some of

I saymy clothes—do just what

an* I'll git Poll if I can."

Anne went on the other side of the house, smashed in a window with a rock, at which the magpie not yet overcome by smoke flew out in safety. She then crawled

through the window and got Polly's cage. parrot, squawking The ROUND OAK itself beating against the bars and

of its cage tried to bite her bleeding hands. Still carrying the bird, she

remembered the cat and dog. The GAS risk was very great as cinders and

sparks were falling from the roof, but she finally managed to pry open the door of the back porch and let out the frightened Bat and RANGES

Silverlegs. By this time the fire

department was at hand, but it was impossible to save the house, the fire had made such headway. SUGAR HOUSE LUMBER

Anne, half blinded, her heart thumping, stumbled away. On 8 HARDWARE CO.

reaching her own doorstep, she handed Mrs. Hunt the poll parrot, 1 164 E. 21st South

and fell in a crumpled heap. A

fireman carried the little form into "If it goes in the building we sell it"the house. A tired heart and nervous collapse from shock was the

town doctor's verdict. She must

have restand quiet and good care Hyland 555 M. O. Ashton, Mgr.

for some time. Miranda, still

dazed from the loss of her home, W IV '

846 The Improvement Era for October, 1930

but whose iron frame had not suffered physically, offered her services as nurse and wired Seth to come home at once. YOU MISS the SUN

D<URING Anne's days of convalescence, she discovered that everyone in town was her friend. Her room was a bower of

and its benefits on rainy, foggy and overcast flowers, Rosa Cappolini's pet geradays. Even on sunny days the ultra violetnium bravely flaunting its scarlet

rays are filtered out by smoke, soot and dust. blossoms before the costly roses

By eating three cakes of Fleischmann's Yeast, andcity. carnationsNo visitorsshippedwere allowedfrom butthe

however, you get the health building "sunpeople tiptoed to the door with shine"vitamin D every day, rain or shine. gifts every hour of the day. Anne

It also relieves constipation and its attendfound that, after all, few persons ant ills. forget a kindness. Her neighbors

only had been waiting for the time when they could do something for her.

One Saturday afternoon, Anne FLEISCHMANN'S YEAST> sat bolstered up in a large easy At most Grocers, Soda Fountains and Restaurants chair by the front room window, and Seth stood beside her, as Mrs.

Hunt had gone to town. Out of

doors the snow was piling up in

Save drifts.of the manyThoughtswintercamedays tothatAnneshe

Your hadwhitespentandinsilentthe miningwith thecamp,shutindays snows. loneliness of heavy Money to read Seth seemed her mind.

Why waste $60.00 on "I know, my dear,"said he, "that

Certificate when Joseph this has never been a pleasant place can Taylor Win. of furfor to you be,—mountains funeral complete a nish winter, in the and not a tree snow than little more for a

a Certificate costs. or green thing in the summer.

Services, Quality and Well, you must hurry and get prices not equaled by strong, so's we can move to Petersanyone. bttoro. TAYLOR WM. JOSEPH

residence Was. 7600 Street SSSKSPhone both oflice and 125 North Main

Hi.E paused for a moment mentally going over a glowing description he had memorized

to make Anne happy.

"I looked at that farm,"he went on, "and—it's a peach. More UTAH modern conveniences in the house

than you have here;—old Martha

andwork—bigher husbandapple totrees—oldfash-help with the BEET SUGAR ioned flower garden—fine stock

prettiest UTAH'S FOREMOST AGRICULTURAL and pasturage—and the

ASSET whiteIt wasLeghornsa temptingI everpicture.seen."Anne

waited a long while before she betDeserves the Support of Every Loyal Utahn said: "I—I don't think we'd

ter go."well get as you soon as "Why, begin will neighbors the is none enough, Insist on it from your grocer—There "

better pestering again "I know, but—I just couldn't

live without 'em. An, Seth, how

"Flavor with sugar and you flavor with can we ever pay them for all their health"kindness, 'specially Miranda. We

must give her something extra nice for her birthday."

The Improvement Era for October, 1930 847

"Well,"rejoined Seth, rather "I just feel that you've done evme. You remember the boy who

testily. "I suppose you hain't done erything for me. Not only saved sold you those aluminum pans

I was away? Jane Bencha lot for her? Why even now, my life and my pets—but—well, while

you're putting up with her pesky I'm different inside, Anne, and I told me you took quite a fancy to pets while you're sick!"hope I'll never..."she stopped him. He came here that week they

But Miranda herself solved the short, overcome by emotion. wouldn't let anyone see you—we

gift problem. "Now,"she 'continued, "I'm got real well acquainted and had a

"Anne,"she said, as she sat by going to tell you what I think long talk. I saw him again, and

the invalid in the winter's twilight, will please you as much as it does soon as my house is rebuilt, he's

Here'5 the GREATEST BATTERY EVER BUILT -for Individual Electric Plants

Gives50% more service than any other battery of similar size

Not just another battery but an built in accordance with a revoutterly new type—now offered lutionary new design. Active

for the first time to owners of material is placed in tiny, slotted, farm electric plants. hardrubber tubes so it can't

It's called the DelcoLight break away and shed, crack or peel. plates are negative The it is different and IRONCLAD

this battery authorized famous You can get from any to extra heavy plated and armor battery ever than any you saw dealer. DelcoLight battery the has Be sure you buy

resist are suswear. elements The it's j ar, "DelcoLight the the First, cover of before. heavier on on and IRONCLAD"

the battery strap, negative on the plates and on the the cover. The space pendedfrom It has rugged. tremendous more

jars. battery glass clear. beneath is entirely No that reserve can deyou power

pend on for any emergency. It bridges or plate supports to

lasts longer, gives better service catch sediment and cause short

It's less costs to use. the circuits. and DELCO LIGHT

that battery type same is now The Battery for YOU used on Uncle Sam's submarine If you want a battery that will boats—in mine locomotives—in modernize your farm electric Ironclad Battery

industrial tractors trucks and that will give plant—a DELCOLIGHT COMPANY, Dept. F-32, fact, in the wherever last word years batof you Subsidiary of General Motors Corporation, batterysuperservice—a

battery service in is demanded. Rochester, Y. N. that last will tery half as again

Please send your illustrated folder and further me as the next the best—then Goodfor long about the Battery. DelcoLight IRONCLAD is DelcoLight the facts IRONCLAD

4,000,000 Watt Hours! battery for you. Write today for

Think of it! That's half again as illustrated literature that tells all Name

long as the life of the average about this marvelous battery. R.F.D Town

battery of similar size. And here's Mail the coupon now—before 0-93

the reason. The positive plate is you forget. County State

The nearest distributors are listed below. In addition there is a DelcoLight Dealer in every community.

Electric Light & Refrigeration Co, 1315 East First South St.,

Salt Lake City, Uath

848 The Improvement Era for October, 1930

coming to board with me and Radium Is Restoring work at the mill. Next winter Perfect he intends to finish his mining enHOGS EAR For CATTLE, at gineering state course the unito Health Thousands and SHEEP all versity, I can. help and him

light, or drugs. Just a medicine No as He's pets you inexpensive Radiosmall, comfortable boy—lovesI'll by the back day on Pad,Active worn the take of and I kind a do—he'llfine night. at Sold the stomach overand "

on ing trial.you beforeYou canyou bebuysureit. itOveris help150,- place of

000 sold on this plan. Thousands have

written us that it healed them of

High Blood Neuritis, Rheumatism, Pros- I.T was the first time Nervous Pressure, Constipation,

tration, Asthma and other respiratory Anne had seen tears in those hard,

Heart, disorders, etc. Liver,No matterKidney whatand black eyes. Choking back a sob, Bladder trouble,

trouble tried, or what your you have said, hesitantly: you'll "An'SALTBroadwayLAKE STAMP SaltCOMPANYLake City, Utah she RadioActive try Degnen'smay

risk. have Mirantoday 39 West him some time, Write at our let me Solar be,Pad

for ture. TrialRadiumoffer Applianceand descriptiveCo., 158 literaBrad- Send for Free Samples da, won't you?"

bury Bldg., Los Angeles, Cal. "Why, Anne, he'll belong to

both of us. That's just what I

was going to say!"And Miranda threw her arm affectionately OCTOBER ADVERTISERS about her friend's shoulders.

Company Page Company Page "Well, well,"bantered Seth, enAmbassador Hotel 844 Nature Way Healtjb Cafe 831 tering the room at that moment.

American Asphalt Roof CorporaNephi Plaster Company 834 "I always said our neighbors apHotel 833 tion 844 Newhouse

Institute 844 preciated us."North American American Smelting & Mining Co...845

Studio 832 Amundsen Frank Arthur 842 Ogden State Bank.827 seconded"I'll tellbythea world!"faint meowcalled fromPoll,

Axelrad's 842 Pioneer Mattress Factory 843 Silverlegs and a loud bark from

PorterWalton Company Beneficial Life Insurance Company 822 Bat.

Association....822 Portland Cement Back Cover

Bennett Glass S Paint Company843 Quish School of Beauty Culture..840

Boyd Park 841 Brigham Young University 831 Radium Appliance Company 848

Bureau of Information 829 Radio Studio, Inc. 834

Hallowed Season CallawayHoock & Francis 83 7 RoyalRegal CleaningBaking Company& Dyeing Co 82483 2

Carl A. Orlob 846 Ross Beason &> Company 827 (Continued from page 841)

83 9 Collin's at any Deseret Book Store 818 SaltSalt LakeLake CabinetHardware> FixtureCompany.-.825Co. -826 from some Salem ancestor;

Deseret Mortuary 828 Salt Lake Knitting Company 821 rate, we don't care for any traffic

Deseret News Press 840 Salt Lake Pressed Brick Co 788 with them at any season.

CulSalt of Beauty School Lake 836 Kodak Eastman Company it a If with were romp now ture 823 Electric 823 Bros. Elder Company all Little gay they Folk, the and 848 Salt Stamp Lake Company Refrigeration Electric Light &—847 825 SearsRoebuck Company red jackets their in green and wee....841 (Dentist) Dr. A. Ensign, W. 832 Sego Milk Company owl's the flaunting white caps 83/ Cleaner Eureka Vacuum Co

8 &> 27 Company Shapiro Bag Trunk a feather, a frog each with on P. 819 O. Skaggs, Corporation First Securities

Inside Back Covei Speakers Library 819 leash, well, that sort of a frolic

Fleischmann Yeast Company 846 Standard Oil Company of Caliwouldn't be amiss, for no harm fornia 840 Little the Folk to one from. 8 Ghirardelli 83 Sugar House Lumber 8 Hardware tree sure, a thorn to be—unless,comes 845 Company

HalloranJudge Trust spite; Company836 or for cut been has down 8 83 Coal Sweet Company

College Business Henager's 829 to salute the a robin killed—or 827 Taylor Company & neglected! twirl a dust Corporation 830 Iron Fireman 4 William Joseph 8 Co.....8 Taylor

Jensen Bros. Jewelers 83 6 Troy Laundry 828 r\JO, we'd rather pass through the

819 Typewriter Co Underwood into November door open Incorporated Keeley's 834 Dental Company Union it is as each into and on month Builders Supply Ketchum Co—83583 840 Remedy Company 9 Urado peepus, Ketterer Perschon 730 to Co. any opened without & 3 Association. 83 Producers Coal Utah Boiler 721 Corporation Kewanee instiat the keyholes ing through 785 Company Coke Gas 8 Utah Fuel 842 Knight Company of a witch. CulBeauty of School gation Utah High

Landes Tractor &> Equipment Co..824 ture 8 2

Fire Insurance Utah Home Co—83841 Oil Refining Company Utah McCune School of Music 83 6

McKean, H. J. 8 Company........828 Utah Power 8 Light Co. 835 A HALFDRUNKEN man once

Midvale Home Finance CorporaUtah Savings 8 Trust Co 828 -** staggered up to Horace Greetion 837 Furniture 826 Western Company ley "I exclaimed, and am a selfScraper Miskin 838 Company Elevator Co.. 819 White Fawn Mill 8 that replied Greeley man!"made 6 States Mt. Implement Company 78

Z. C. M. I Inside Front Cover he was delighted to hear it, for it

National Cash Register Company 8 30 Zion's Saving 8 Trust 818 must relieve the Creator of a great responsibility.,

FINANCIAL STRENGTH cmd STABILITY By reason of their affiliation in the First SecurUniting the diversified interests of these subity Corporation group, wide confidence in the stantial financial houses of Utah, Idaho and

Wyomng has brought added security to each.

financial strength and stability of the twentyThese banks constitute the largest intermouneight banks of the System has been established. tain banking organization.

National Copper Bank Bankers Trust Co. First National Bank

Salt Lake City Salt Lake City Ogden

First Savings Bank Thatcher Bros. Banking Co. Anderson Bros. Bank

Ogden Logan Idaho Falls, Idaho

FIRST SECURITY BANKS AT:

Boise, Pocatello, Nam pa. Payette, Emntett, Mountain Home, Gooding, Jerome, Rupert, Shoshone, Preston,

Hailey, Montpelier, Blackfoot, Ashton, Idaho; Rock Springs and South Superior, Wyo.; Richmond, Hyrum,

Garfield, Magna and Bingham, Utah.

h

y.

I

COMBINED RESOURCES $50,000,000

A * lli

his family circle Is complete; <7: This home a charmed

and fair retreat.

No want or winds that rage outside < Can wreck the shelter He'll provide.

When unforseen events remove "the bread winner"from the family group, too often the home and family's future is jeopardized.

Every man should safeguard his wife and children against the loss of the comforts they are accustomed to.

BENEFICIAL LIFE INSURANCE CO.

THE BIG HOME COMPANY SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH HEBER J. GRANT, Pres. E. T. RALPHS, Gen. Mgr.

IF IT'S A BENEFICIAL POLICY IT'S THE BEST INSURANCE YOU CAN BUY