W>f IMPROVEMENT

RGAN OF THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS AND THE YOUNG MENS MUTUAL IMPROVEMENTRAASSOCIATIONS OF THE CHURCH

OF JESUS CHRIST OF LATTERDAY SAINTS J

Vol. XIII MARCH, 1910 No. 5

Published Monthly at Salt Lake City by the General Board $2.00 PER ANNUM

Scenic Line of The World

THROUGH

PULLMAN AND TOURIST SLEEPERS TO Before tbe SmoHe Clears flway On your firestricken shop, factory,office DENVER,or store, you can resume business if insured with us. No long unnecessary ST. LOUIS

delays in adjusting, no haggling overterms; but prompt payment of losses AND

every time. It's to our interest to getyou set up in business again—we can GHIQAGO

insure you again.

Home Fire Insurance Company of Utah For Folders, Booklets, etc., address I. A. BENTON, C.A.P.D.,

HEBER J. GRANT & Co., General Agts. 8alt Lake City, Utah

2026 South Main St., Salt Lake City, Utah

BOTH PHONES. 351.

Jos. Wm. Taylor

Utah's Leading Undertaker and Licensed Embalmer.

Fine Funeral Chapel, Private Parlor,Show Rooms and Morgue OFFICE OPEN DAY AND NIGHT 21, 23, 25 South West Temple Street

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

Established 1889. Capital, $200,000

Utah Commercial and Savings The STATE BANK yv-C> T THp A TT Salt Lake City. Utah Bank. V-T U 1-TlIl Established 1890.

Interest, computed semiannually, on Bank solicits the accounts of4</c Savings Deposits. THISbanks, firms and individuals, and

Commercial Banking in all its branches. extends to such customers every

Individuals ofAccounts Banks and solicited. reasonable courtesy and facility. the assured best accommodationsCustomers

consistent with conservative and safe banking.

Wm. F. Armstrong, Byron Groo, AnthonJoseph F.H.Smith,Lund,V.Pres.Prest, Chas.S.H.T.McEwan,Asst.CashBurton, Cashier

President. Cashier.

(When writing'to Advertisers please mention the BRA.)

Furniture of Distinctive Character

The superb exhibit of our offerings for the Spring Season will astonish and delight you, The line includes many new patterns of individuality and character in

FUMED OAK DINING SETS COMPLETE BEDROOM SETS In Oah, Mahogany, Maple and Aalrvut

StylisK, Comfortable, Enduring

LIVING ROOM FURNITURE:

In SpanisK Leather This leather has the beauty which adorns, the comfort which invites, and is practically indestructible.

WE FURNISH YOUR HOME COMPLETE - CARPETS, RUGS.

DRAPERIES. -CASH OR CRBDIT

GOOP FURNITURE GOMPANY 31=33*35*37 South Main St.

W. N. WILLIAMS, Superintendent R. N WILSON, Ass't Supt.

ade for Particular People THE NEW MODEL L. C. Smith & Bros. Typewriter

Ball Bearing throughout at all vital friclional points. Instantly ready for all kinds of special work, billing, card writing,

anyihing needed of a typewriter No attachments required.

No special adjustments necessary. Just insert the paper

and go ahead.

L. C. Smith & Bros. Typewriter Co.

Ne<w Catalogue Free 38 W. Third South St. Salt Lake City, Utah

The WHITNEY TAILORING GO.

210 Van Buren Street, Ghicago

Ts cateringto the brethren of the Church of Jesus Christ of

L itter Day Saints for tine made to order garments. The make

a specialty of Dark Grey Clay Worsted. Guaranteed in every

respect such as is used by the Elders of the Northern States

Mission and the Northwestern States Mission. If there is no

one in your vicinity handling their samples, write to them direct, and state t;jis publication to secure attention.::::

M. I. A. Presidents should carefully read what is said about Debates, and

Music and Drama in "Mutual Work,"in this number.

Priesthood Quorum outlines are obtained from the Improvement Era, 2022

Bishop's Building, Salt Lake City, Utah. Send for them today.

If you are a member of a priesthood quorum, you can't afford to be without the Era. You can begin to subscribe any time; or you can get the whole

volume, beginning with last November.

Elder Franklin H. Rolapp writes from Leipzig, Germany, Dec, 1909: "We

enjoy reading the Era, for it gives us such good subject matter to preach upon.

We wish the paper good success in the coming year."

IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1910.

Joseph F. Smith, ),,. Heber J. Grant, Business Manager

Edward H. Anderson, } than0TS Moroni Snow, Assistant

TABLE OF CONTENTS.

Biological Conditions in Book of Mormon Lands.... Frank S. Harris 385

Here, Upon Thy Holy Mountain. (A Poem) Theo. E. Curtis 390

The Comet's Coming. (A Poem) J.P.May 391

Sketches and Extracts from "The Old Journey"(Illustrated) Alfred Lambourne 392393

Snap Shot from a Tourist's Pen. (Illustrated) AW Ra 394

Success in Failure 399 Some Men Who Have Done Things. V.—George

H. Brimhall. (With Portrait) John Henry Evans 400

From Salt Lake to the Grand Canyon. (Illustrated) D. D. Rust 408

Today. (A Poem) Harry A. James '.. 412

The Carlyles and their House at Chelsea. II Florence L. Lancaster 413

Live for Love. (A Poem) O. F. Ursenbach 417

Hebrew Idioms and Analogies in the Book of Mormon. IV Thomas W. Brookbank 418

The Temple in the Morning Sun. (Illustration) 421

Where Are We At? James X. Allen, M. D 422

Life's Jewels. (A Poem) E. Remington Davenport 426

The Crown of Individuality. V.—The Sculptured

Figures of Society William George Jordan 427

Greetings 1910 'John P. Meakin 431

Joseph Smith's Doctrines Vindicated. I—Men the

Avatars of God B. H. Roberts 432

The Library Gymnasium.—Elements of Success in

the Work Howard R. Driggs 441

Hospitality to Missionaries. (Illustrated) Andrew Jenson 446

Missions of Australia and Pacific Islands Seymour B. Young 448

Salvation Universal. V Toseph F. Smith, Jr 453

Habit. (A Poem) Maud Baggarley 457

Editor's Table:—Clean Dramatic Amusements... President Joseph F. Smith... 458

An Easter Prayer 460 Messages from the Missions 461

Priesthood Quorums'Table 465 Mutual I. A. Reading Room and GymWork:—M.

nasium in Logan 469 Dramas for M. I. A 470

Suggestions for Debates 471 Tribute of Respect 473 Passing Events 475

Vol. XIII. MARCH, 1910. No 5.

Biological Conditions in Book of Mormon

Lands.

BY FRANK S. HARRIS, OF THE COLLEGE OF AGRICULTURE, AND

AGRICULTURAL EXPERIMENT STATION,

CORNELL UNIVERSITY.

The researches of archaeologists, ethnologists, and geologists in America have in late years contributed much in support of the

Book of Mormon account of ancient American civilization. It shall

be the purpose of this article to call attention to evidence in favor of that account from another field of scientific research.

A record of this evidence is found in Bulletin 14-5 of the Bureau of Plant Industry, of the U. S. Department of Agriculture, issued

in April, 1909. This bulletin is entitled Vegetation Affected by

Agriculture in Central America, and contains results of extensive investigations into the relations between the vegetation of that region to conditions that have existed there in past ages. In other

words, it is a bionomic, or ecological study, presented by Mr

Orator F. Cook, who is in charge of bionomic investigations

of tropical and subtropical plants for the U. S. Department of

Agriculture.

Before taking up what Mr. Cook says, the Book of Mormon

account will be briefly reviewed. Students of that book will

386 MPRO VEMENT ERA

remember that Jared and his company left Asia at the time of the confounding of language, (Ether 1: 33) which according to Bible

chronology was 2,311 B. C. After some years of travel they finally landed in America, perhaps somewhere on the west coast of

Mexico or Central America. From this point they spread and

increased until their civilization occupied all of North America.

In places the population was very dense, Central America being a center of great activity (Ether 10: 2028). After many hundreds

of years great contentions arose, and the people were finally all destroyed except Coriantumr who, in his wanderings, found the city of Zarahemla and the people of Muiek in South America some hundreds of years B. C. (Omni 1: 2022). Thus the Jaredite

civilization in America lasted about two thousand years closing soon after the arrival of the colonies from Jerusalem.

It will be remembered that the people of Nephi left Jerusalem six hundred years B. C, while the followers of Mulek left eleven

years later. These two colonies landed separately, but were united

at Zarahemla during the reign of Mosiah. From there they gradually spread northward and, on reaching North America, they

found that the previous occupants of the country (the Jaredites) had made the land desolate as far as its natural vegetation was concerned.

Helaman describes in a concise manner the conditions found in the forty -sixth year of the reign of the Judges (Helaman 3).

He says: And it came to pass in the forty and sixth, yea, there was much contention and many dissensions, in the which there were an exceeding great many who departed out of the land of Zarahemla, and went forth unto the land northward, to inherit the land;

And they did travel to an exceeding great distance, insomuch that they came to large bodies of water, and many rivers;

Yea, and e'en they did spread forth into all parts of the land, into whatever parts it had not been rendered desolate, and without timber, because of the many inhabitants who had before inherited the land.

And now no part of the land was desolate, save it were for timber, etc.; but because of the greatness of the destruction of the people who

had before inhabited the land, it was called desolate.

And there being but little timber upon the face of the land, nevertheless the people who went forth, became exceeding expert in the work

BIOLOGICAL CONDITIONS—BOOK OF MORMON LANDS. 387

ing of cement; therefore they did build houses of cement, in the which

they did dwell.

And it came to pass that they did multiply and spread, and did go forth from the land southward to the land northward, and did spread insomuch that they began to cover the face of the whole earth, from the sea south, to the sea north, from the sea west to the sea east.

And the people who were in the land northward, did dwell in tents, and in houses of cement, and they did suffer whatsoever tree should spring up upon the face of the land, that it should grow up, that in time they might have timber to build their houses, yea, their cities, and their temples, and their synagogues, and their sanctuaries, and all manner of their building.

And it came to pass as timber was exceeding scarce in the land northward, they did send forth much by the way of shipping;

And thus they did enable the people in the land northward, that they might build many cities, both of wood and of cement.

I desire to call especial attention to the fact that they found the native vegetation removed in this section, which undoubtedly is Central America. They also began a process of reforesting, and, in the meantime, did much building with cement.

Continuing from the period described by Helaman, the

Book of Mormon tells us of this second civilization that flourished over the land for a number of centuries before the Lamanites finally reverted to a state of savagery.

Keeping in mind these two civilizations, as described by the Book of Mormon, and their effects on the natural vegetation of the land, we shall review some of Mr. Cook's discoveries and conclusions.

In his introduction, (page 7) he says:

Savages who live by hunting and fishing or upon wild fruits, seeds, and honey may occupy a tropical region without seriously disturbing the previous balances of organic nature; but no careful observer of the agricultural aborigines of Central American countries can doubt that they

have had vory definite influences upon their surroundings, or that influences of the same kind have been exerted for long periods of time.

He comments at some length on the vegetation in the region under discussion, considering the balance between certain types of plants and the succession of types under different conditions.

He shows how "localities which contain remnants of ancient for388 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

ests can be recognized by the presence of complete faunas of humusinhabiting forest animals, such as the millipeds and centipeds, and some of the lower orders of insects and arachnids."

Prom these various relations he points out how Central

America has gone through periods of forest removal and reforestation. Commenting on the time covered by the processes he

says (page 14):

Of the periods of time required for such changes to be accomplished only rud? estimates are possible in the present state of our knowledge.

A thousand years appears a small allowance for the complete reforestation of a thoroughly denuded region, and for the spread of humusinhabit- ing organisms over the reforested country. The survival of the humusinhabiting animals on the ruincovered hill is hardly to be considered possible, for the pyramids and chambered buildings which covered the summit, as well as large areas of the elaborately terraced approaches, appear

tii have been faced all over with cement.

Continuing his account of the ancient civilization and its e.Tects. Mr. Cook says (page 16):

Many localities which are now occupied by apparently virgin forests are shown by archaeological remains to be regions of reforestation. Thus

in the SenahuCahabon district of Alta Vera Pas relics of two or three very different types of primitive civilizations indicate that as many ancient populations have occupied successively the same areas which are now being chared anew by the coffee planters as though for the first time.

It does not yet appear that any considerable region of forest has been explored in Central America without similar evidence that the present forests are not truly virgin growth. Even in extremely humid and

insalubrious lowlands of the Atlantic slope of Co3ta Rica many relics of ancient civilizations have been uncovered in cleaning away the heavy tropical forests to make banana plantations. The same has recently been

found to be true of the uninhabited coast regions of eastern Guatemala.

It is not probable that more than a small proportion of the tribes which have inhabited t'ue Central American region were builders of stone structures or other permanent monuments by which ancient occupations could be proved. The likelihood that many tribes might pass without

leaving any permanent evidence of their existence makes it more remarkable that all parts of Central America have in one prehistoric age or another been the scenes of primitive agricultural civilizations sufficiently advanced to work in stone, or at least to pile up terraces or earthworks

BIOLOGICAL CONDITIONS—BOOK OF MORMON LANDS. 3*9

of regular form. Some of the more barbarous tribes might occupy

a region for thousands of years and yet leave no traces other than the fragments of broken pottery. These fragments are so abundant and so

generally distributed in Central America that they appear as a regular coistituent of alluvial soils and surface deposits.....

Terracing of the land shows that agriculture was extensively practiced in former times in regions now unoccupied. Two principal forms

of prehistoric stone terraces, built evidently for agricultural purposes, may be recognized in the Central American region, in addition to the narrow terraces of earth described in a previous section. There are (1) narrow,

high terraces to hold drainage water and prevent erosion in the narrow valleys or on steep slopes of mountains and (2) broad, low terraces apparently leveled to keep rain water from running off rather than to apply irrigation.

He further states

That the ancient occupants of the humid mountain regions of eastern

Guatemala by agricultural civilizations were very prolonged and were repeated in several prehistoric ages as indicated by the very severe erosion which the region has suffered. It is not likely that such deeply dissected contours would have been formed if the country had not been kept

in a denuded condition for long periods of time.

Space will not permit of further quotation from either account, but sufficient has been said to show that the most careful biological and agricultural investigations are in strict harmony with the revealed word.

Briefly summarizing: The Book of Mormon tells of two distinct civilizations holding sway in America. The first remaining

about two thousand years and the second continuing also for a long period. Their great agricultural activity is often referred to,

and the clearing away of the forests by at least the first people is made very plain.

The present flora and fauna of Central America, and the various remains found there, clearly indicate to the scientist that the region was anciently occupied for long periods by different civilized peoples, also that these peoples practiced intensive systems of agriculture and removed the virgin forests, leaving the land in a denuded condition. Terraces, used to assist agricultural operations and

prevent the erosion brought on by the forest denudation. are every390 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

where encountered. The work in cement mentioned by Helaman

was found by Mr. Cook to still be preserved in the ruins.

No exact dates can be determined, from the workings of the forces in nature, but the vegetation in Central America, the number and distribution of the lower forms of animal life in the forests, and the erosions indicate, as nearly as such things can, that the dates given in the Book of Mormon are correct.

As time goes on and the field of human knowledge is widened, it becomes more obvious that the story of the ancient civilization in America, as it is being told to scientists by "rock and tree,"is the same story that was told to the boy prophet by "the voice from the ground"a generation ago.

Ithaca, N. Y.

Here, Upon Thy Holy Mountain.

{For the Improvement Era.)

Here, upon thy holy mountain, Lord, a living prophecy, Under Truth's celestial fountain,

Lo, thy people wait for thee.

Soon the sky shall roll asunder,

And proclaim thy mighty name In eternal peals of thunder From thy chariots of flame.

Hangs thy sword o'er shrine and steeple,

And o'er Mammon's crowded halls;

Lord, reclaim thy chosen people,

Ere thy pending judgment fahs.

Lift us up from every nation Into thine eternal rest, When the world to condemnation,

Sees thy glory manifest.

Theo. E. Curtis.

The Comet's Coming.

(For the Improvement Era.)

A wandering visitant, an unknown world,

Across the solar scheme by fVce is hurled!

A comet, lo, from depths of space is sent,

Along a path where none before have whirled,

On errand for the gods, perhaps, is bent!

Oh, aweinspiring spectre from the deep!

What is thy mission? Why the secret keep?

Mysterious brilliant, trailing thy long light,

Dost thou new progress bring for man to reap?

Or is thy drama cast in stellar night?

Hast thou a message for the souls on earth?

Or is there scheduled some momentous birth,

That shall disturb the quietude of man?

Wilt thou increase the moaning, or the mirth,

Or change the general workings of the plan?

History's page is red, phantom sphere,

With mystic markings of thy advent here:

For Sol's domain, this planetary flock,

Art thou a pendulum, a lifetime year?

An hourstriker on yon mighty clock?

But mandate law forever rules the scheme,

Thee, wondrous comet, and the stars that gleam:

All basic units in composite clay,

And these realities,—the mental dream,

Are governed by God's own imperial sway.

J. P. May SKETCHES AND EXTRACTS JSy Alfred How rapidly we have grown! What used to be dreams of the

future first changed to reality, and then sank away until they are but a dream of the past! No more the long trains of dustcovered

wagons, drawn by the slow and patient oxen, wind across the level plains or through the deep defile. No more the Pony Express or the lumbering stage coach brings the quickest word or

forms the fastest transport between the intermountain region and "The States."How hard it is to understand the briefness of time

that has passed since this great interior country was practically a howling wilderness, inhabited by bands of savage Indians, and penetrated only by intrepid trappers or hunters! Before us was

the land of Kit Carson; of the Sioux, the Cheyenne and the Ute. In

FROM "THE OLD JOURNEY."

Lambourne. our path was the home of the prairie dog, the coyote, and the rattlesnake; of the antelope, the buffalo and the bear.

Day after day we trudged along, day after day the prairie unrolled before, or, day after day the red hills of sandstone looked down upon us. The days grew into weeks, the weeks into months,

and still the cattle, freed from the yoke, hastened to slake their thirst in the passing streams.

Now we behold a land giving promise of future greatness,where peace, wealth and happiness shall go hand in hand, and where already it is wellnigh impossible for the youth of today to comprehend the struggles and privations of their Pioneer Fathers.

Snap Shot From a Tourist's Pen.

Little Jem, the News Boy.

BY ATTE'RA.

Lights were on in the eastbound flyer. The rhythmic rocking

of the heavy Pullman palace, that for hours had lulled the travelers into lazy daydreams, was now broken by quick lurches and long slidings. We sat erect with intent ears, half shivering, to

comment upon the streaks of sleet that spat and hissed at our window panes. A prolonged whistle, a conductor's call, hustle,

bustle, the rattle of small coin, with a mixture of suave darkies, a dive through the whirling blast, with its needle points of ice, and we were housed again—settled for one of the long waits that

belong to a tourist's trip.

A quartet of travelers, including a portly gentleman with a smile a size larger than himself; his wife, a matronly woman in

black, with eyes deep and dark and wonderful; a slender little

woman in gray, whose quiet face seemed, somehow, to reflect the charm of living and loving, the strength of striving and the tenderness of trusting, and her daughter, a dainty maiden of sixteen, composed, what seemed to me, the coziest group of all the

SNAP SHOT FROM A TOURISTS PEN. 395

groups that fretted and fussed, or cuddled and cooed in the pala- 'etia depot at C. The jostling incomers had pushed me c'

upon this cozy quartet, and I knew, from her confidences to ne lady in gray, that the woman of deep, wistful eyes mourned a...tie

son, her only child, dead. That her trip would be more a search for

one to take his place, than for pleasure or for rest. Her desires

were high; no waif in the streets, with inborn gifts of theft and

deceit, could be taken to the heart and home left vacant by her angel child. "Ah, woman,"I mused, "is thine truly a mother's

heart, and a mother's grief? and what means that well of tenderness in your beautiful eyes?"

A newsboy's cry, "Papers, papers, evening papers,"attracted the lady in gray, and she beckoned the small peddler to sixher side—a ragged, bedraggled, dirtyfaced urchin of about

years. The boy thrust forward a damp paper. The lady put the

paper gently aside, while she held temptingly in the child's sight a silver coin.

"Little boy,"she said, with serious face, pointing the while to great clock near the roof, hear—the—clock "did—you—

just now?""Yes 'um,"replied the child with a frightened tremor.

"And what did it say?"

'Leven, mum,"said the child, and with a quick step nearer, the little fellow burst forth into a half sobbing, pitiful wail. "I

it's bed time fur kids; and soknows what you'd say, mum,—

whut it is, but me daddie what's sick ain't had no supper t'day;

and momie, she sez, 'Don't you dast to come home, Jem, till ye've sold twelve;'and yere's six papers yet—will you buy, mum,

please won't you buy?'

The lady looked troubled, the light deep in her face for the moment was gone. Touching the child gently she answered,

"Go wash your hands and face, little boy, that I may see how you look, and I'll buy your papers, all six, and let you go home."

The child hurried away, and soon returned with watersmeared hands, his ittle sunbrowned face clean and shining, the wet locks of his tangled hair trying to curl. The lady took the papers,

slipped a piece of money into the little one's eager hand, and then, leaning forward said in quick, low tones, 396 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

"Would you kiss me good night for this quarter?'

The child was startled, but in a moment began again his half sobbing little whimper, while he greedily eyed the coin held out.

I—'ist—don't "If I "ist kin know how, mum, but—"'

"0 nevermind,"the lady interrupted. "Take the quarter

and run home quick to momie, and kiss her good night.''

When the child had gone, the woman with that strange intuitional inspiration that comes to some persons, we know not how nor why, turned to her companion and said:

"Mrs. Beaumont, cousin dear, that boy, I feel, is the

child you are searching. He is motherless, I saw it in

his eyes; and the little one is without love—none to kiss—

he hasn't even learned how—my heart yearned to teach him,

to take him from out the coldness of body and of soul to the shelter of my arms, my love."

"My dear cousin,"answered Mrs. Beaumont, "you have

learned to see and understand children from the teacher's standpoint; I see them only from the mother's, and that child, I believe,

"is an expert in trickery, and no fit substitute for my

Her voice choked with a sob, and she turned away to hide her tears. The other woman sat for a moment in deep thought,

then murmuring audibly, as she stroked the soft tresses of her own

child, "Can it be, I wonder, that a teacher's love has greater scope than that of a mother—thank the Allloving Father, then,

that I am both!''

The big clock struck twelve—one more hour gone and another yet to wait. Crowds had come, and crowds had disappeared.

The cozy quartet had lunched and settled itself in another part of the great building. Again was heard the newsboy's cry, the

same piping, baby voice. The lady in gray started and turned

pale. She spoke hurriedly to her companion and then slipped

from sight. The motherly woman crossed the room and accosted

the child. With the same pitiful, halfsobbing whimper, he told

the same tale—daddy sick and supperless, and momie's demands

"0, buy, lady,"he pleaded, "I'm 'ist so tired and the big clock is struck twelve."

SNAP SHOT FROM A TOURIST'S PEN. 397

The lady put her hand on the child's head and with a quick, firm movement, turned his face to her own.

"What is your name, boy,"she demanded.

"Jem,"he replied, with a frightened whimper.

"Jem what? Tell me your other name,"the lady now

coaxed.

I sells all de "It's—it's—it's Jemmie dey calls me when

papers,"he replied.

"But you sold all your papers an hour ago to go home; and

"now you are telling me a naughty, wicked lie, and

The child jerked away and fled across the hall to the outer door. There he paused a moment, turned and walked slowly

back. Without a word he looked earnestly into the lady's

face. "What do you want, little man?"she asked, as she returned

the child's intent gaze, and put forward an inviting hand.

"Yu looks like the momie I lost—'ist like—und—agin yu

'ist das'nt go back to Tom and Dik."don't—

Tears filled the blue eyes, and a sob broke from the little throat as he turned and fled into the darkness.

The sharp, stinging storm lulled. With the passing of

midnight the crowds at the depot thinned; but above the medley

made by switching trains and puffing engines there was unusual commotion—trainmen rushing about, shouts for policemen, for

officers, for a doctor!

"Child killed,"brawled a burlyvoiced fellow who made way through the gathering crowd for another to deposit the limp form of little Jem, the newsboy, upon the bench, where the man of the cozy quartet had spread his thick, warm coat.

his people?''demanded a number of "Who is he—where are

excited voices.

"Yere's his brother,"shouted someone, and an awkward, beersoaked lad of sixteen was pushed into the crowd. Threats

and questions brought forth the frightened youngster's statement.

Little Jem's father had been killed in a railroad accident.

His mother, a sister to the fellow who gave his name as "Tom,"398 IMPRO VEMENT ERA.

died soon after, and he "little 'un, about three or four,"had not understood, and thought his "momie"lost. Tom and his pard,

Dik, had "adopted the little 'un,"and took him to the shack by the "ware 'ouse"to live. Little Jem sold papers, Tom and Dik

blacked boots for a living.

"And ye sent the lad to sell papers while ye drank beer and gambled with yer dirty cards,"put in the gruff voice of the tender, the burly man who had rescued the child from the tracks:

"and if he's kilt I'll testify agin ye."

The physician who had been summoned worked rapidly over the little body, and now, after another moment of intense listening, he stood erect. The little white face quivered and the eyes

opened with a wild stare. Tom darted forward and with a strange,

gleeful laugh cried out, "Jemmie, ye aint dead, nuther, be ye, lad?"

I don't beat me—'ist—can't—sell—no "Don't Tom—don't—

little fellow wailed.—other six,"the

The doctor pushed Tom roughly away, the child's wail died down to a moan, the eyes again closed. The very heart throb of

the circling crowd was hushed, and many eyes glistened with starting tears. Again the blue eyes opened wide

"Momie, I want's my momie!"sobbed the little voice.

The lady in black sprang forward, grasped the little outstretched hands, and with the deep, sobbing cry of a mother's anguishfilled heart she called, "Jemmie, Jemmie, open your eyes, dear—and be my little

boy"The eyes opened, and with a bright smile the child responded, "Yu looks 'ist like my momie, what is lost—'ist like—my

momie—and agin yu don't."

A shudder went over the little form, a look of pain, a gasp, and the blue eyes closed to open again in that land where the "momies"of little ones are never lost.

"The little fellow is cared for,"said a very gentle but husky voice, and the man of the quartet drew his wife tenderly away.

"Yes, he is cared for,"added a sweeter, softer voice—I recognized the lady in gray—"and more than that, thank God; the

motherlove has awakened, its selfishness is gone, and now a

SNAP SHOT FROM A TOURISTS PEN. 399

home, yes, a home and a heart, will be open for some 'tricky, illbred'foundling of these cruel streets.

Success in Failure.

If you do your best, there is no need of fretting because you do not win, or succeed. To have things come your way is not

always to win or to succeed. "It reminds me,"says a respected

college graduate, "of my athletic days. I got quite accustomed

to defeat. About the only consolation I got out of my athletics

was the knowledge that the exercise did me good. I am glad I

kept at it, though. The more I see and learn of men, the more

strongly I believe in Edison's maxim that 'genius is work.'The

farther along you get in school or in life, the more men you will meet who have as good or better minds than you have. But if

their minds are brighter than yours, it is because they have used them longer, or have made better use of equal time than you have.

It is for us all to see that the latter shall net be true in cur case."Some Men Who Have Done Things.

BY JOHN HENRY EVANS, OF THE LATTERDAY SAINTS'UNIVERSITY.

V. -George H. Brimhall.

A BOY WHO LIVES A WHOLE WINTER ON CORN BREAD AND MOLASSES

BECOMES THE MOST INSPIRATIONAL TEACHER THE "MORMON"PEOPLE HAVE PRODUCED.

Nobody who lives among the Latterday Saints needs to be told that George H. Brimhall is the president of the Brigham Young

University at Provo. And it

is superfluous to say here that he is one of the most influential school men, not only in Utah, but in the Rocky Mountain states. The

other day a prominent educator, when I asked him what he thought of President Brimhall, answered instantly, as if the question were not unfamiliar to him: "I have

no hesitation in saying that I believe him to be the most inspirational teacher the Latter-day Saints have ever produced."This is high praise.

But it does not appear to be an exaggeration when we call DR. GEORGE H. BRIMHALL. t0 mind the hStS f people scattered throughout

'Mormondom,"whose lives are vastly different from what they

SOME MEN WHO HA VE DONE THINGS. 401

would be if it were not for the uplifting influence ofis man.

You cannot know of BrimhalPs work, and then go off and measure any one's real worth in the world by the number of figures in his bank book.

He was born in Salt Lake City, but did not live there long.

Ogden was the first home he remembers. Among his earliest

recollections is the Echo Canyon war. His father, being a fifer

in the old Ogden band, went marching off to the war fifing, in a new straw hat, and six year old Georgie's heart welled up with pride, partly because of that fife, partly because of the new hat. He

was too young, then, to feel any way put out by the fact that the family had to shift for itself. The first pair of shoes, which he

wore at this time, were made by his mother out of an old bell strap of good width, and some boot tops that had been his father's. His first pair of trousers, acquired at this time also, were

made of factory cloth colored brown with sagebrush. A picture

of those early days that, once you get it, sticks in your memory, is of a loaded wagon drawn by four cows and an Indian pony, the pony being on the lead to guide the other animals, and driven by long rope lines. This was the Brimhall family on the move in

those troublous times of '58. Behind, in one corner of their little

dirtroof cabin, were a pile of straw and pieces of wood ready for the torch which was to set the whole settlement in flames.

Spanish Fork, Cedar Fort, Grafton on the Virgin river, Salt

Lake, and Spanish Fork again, are towns that he lived at during the next few years. The explanation of this migratory life is found in the

fact that his father was called on a mission to pioneer some of these places. It was a hard life, incomprehensible nowadays,

because there is nothing like it. And yet it had its compensations. It taught the boy that what was to be got out of life he

had to work for. Many instances could be given which taught

the future educator lessons of courage, altruism, obedience, integrity. No wonder, is it? that Professor Brimhall believes in the

efficacy of pioneer life, and sends some of his boys to Canada to wrest a hardy character from the frontiers.

Three instances will serve to show his mettle in those days.

At Spanish Fork in the later sixties food was scarce—scarce

IMPROVEMENT ERA.m

at least, in the Brimhall family. For, all one winter he lived on

corn bread and molasses. He had to work, too, with men who

were better fed, and here was the main trial. Every day at noon

when they stopped for lunch, he went off by himself to eat his simple meal. Returning, he saw more than one dinner pail in

which he knew were crusts of white bread left over and for which he would have given anything.

Another time he and his brother were sowing wheat. The

wagon was in the middle of the field with a gun, half of it in plain sight. It had been taken merely because President Young's counsel was that the brethren should never go out to work unarmed,

for there had been no apparent need for it hitherto. Pretty soon

a couple of Indians came riding towards the wagon at a gallop.

Instantly George cried out to his brother, "Indians! unhitch!"at

the same time breaking for the gun. It was a race with death.

But he got there first, and the Indians made for the hills. It was

sheer obedience to counsel that saved the day—else the gun would

not have been there, and therefore the boys'lives would have been endangered.

Once, again, George was at Tintic, working in a mine. The

manager, a friend of his father's, was a wellinformed Josephite.

He wanted very much to convert the boy to his way of thinking. And he was fast effecting his purpose, too, for George had

no answer to the man's outflow of "argument."All at once

young Brimhall remembered his parents'teachings that whenever in doubt over anything he should go to the Lord for guidance.

So, one night he did so. The next day when the wily antagonist

began to throw the net, it was with a strong man he had to wrestle, not a stammering boy as before. No more attempts were

made to change his views. There was much evil on every hand

at the mines, which was becoming harder and harder to resist.

And so George got out of the place as speedily as he could, at the first favorable opportunity, because drinking, gambling, profanity, blasphemy, were not at all to his liking.

Meanwhile his education had been going on as rapidly as his circumstances would permit. By the time he went to school at

Ogden, he could read anything in McGuffy's Third Reader, write a fair hand, and cipher a little. All this he owed to a conscientious

SOME MEN WHO HAVE DONE THINGS. 403

mother. At all the places where the family lived he had somewhat of schooling. And he speaks highly of the character of his

teachers.

One of them made a profound impression on the boy's mind by reason of his kindliness in dealing with the wayward. Whenever an urchin in the school did something worthy of the birch, a

brandnew withe was taken out of a large bundle hanging over the desk. The lad was marched solemnly to the front, taken by the

hand, and sent around in a circle a-flying. But never a birch

touched the boy anywhere; it was always worn out on the floor at

the culprit's heels! That must have been a spectacle not soon to

be forgotten, whoever proved to be the erring one. Anyway, it

made a profound impression on the future pedagogue.

At eighteen George had made such progress in his studies as to warrant his being chosen to assist George Carson in the

Spanish Fork school. Next year, however, he came in contact

with Judge Dusenberrv, who had started at Provo what was called the Timpanogas University. This was his first impulse towards

an education higher than that of the grades in those days. His

nineteenth year, therefore, found him at the Provo school. Two

years he attended there, working for his board the second year and doing janitor's service at school.

When he returned to Spanish Fork from his school work, he found that an impetus had been given to education which is altogether unique. Forty of the Spanish Fork boys had gone to the

canyon, chopped down logs, hauled them to the town, erected a commodious building, and established the "Young Men's Academy 1 'there, with a capable teacher from Provo in charge. Brimhall

was employed here the following year. Presently we find him

becoming a public character, for he was chosen superintendent of schools and member of the town council. Meantime, however, he

managed either his father's farm or one of his own,—a practice, by

the way, he has continued almost up to the present.

When the Brigham Young Academy opened, young Brimhall was among the first students to enter. Over him, as over hundreds of others, was the spell of the magician teacher cast.

"Judge Dusenberry,'he told me, "showed me the road to higher education, but Karl G. Maeser pointed out the way to the higher

404 IMFRO VEA1EKT ERA

life."This great teacher became the boy's ideal of the higher life,

expressed in the qualities of honesty, earnestness, industry, simple faith, fidelity. He studied at the academy off and on till he

took his degree.

In 1891, President Brimhall left the public schools to accept a position in the Provo academy. When he first went there he was

in charge of the preparatory department. He was advanced from

one place to another till he became president of that large institution. During all these years he occupied responsible offices in the

Church. He was in every capacity except that of chorister, in

both the Sunday school and the Mutual Improvement Association.

"When did you first make up your mind to become a school teacher?"I asked him.

"Well, really,"he answered, "I did not make up my mind at all on the matter. As a matter of fact, teaching is simply the

survival of the fittest of the occupations I have had. I cannot be

said at any time in my life to have set up a peg and aimed at reaching it. Whatever I happened to be doing, I said to myself

concerning it, 'I'm going to do my best at this, and enjoy it.'I

believe you have to enjoy what you do in this world. That, in my

opinion, is the main thing. I have never had an extended employment in my life that I did not like. But there are some things

that I like to do better than others. And teaching I like the best

of all. I like that best, perhaps, because I have been able to do

in it thanit better than anything else—been more successsful

in other things. That is why I call it the survival of the fittest."

"But, President Brimhall, have you not had one dominant purpose or desire running through your life?"

ruling passion has been to move "Yes, I have—certainly. My

men's minds, to convert others to my way of thinking. This above

all else I have had an ambition for; and I suppose if I had not

taken up with the profession of teaching, I should have had to do somehow with public affairs. It has been a sort of instinct with

me. And so what I meant by saying that I did not set up a peg

and endeavor to reach it is, that I had never fixed my purpose on this or that place in life, or even on any particular calling. I had

always merely the instinctive desire to deal with ideas in men, and rested in the teacher's vocation for the reason partly that I think

SOME MEN WHO HAVE DONE THINGS. 405

it affords a better opportunity of expressing that desire than anyother. I found myself possessed of this general purpose at sixteen or seventeen years of age, and it has remained with me evtr

since."Doubtless this furnishes an explanation for his effective public speaking, if one be needed. He is one of the most convincing

preachers we have. An editorial writer in Colorado, the other year,

commenting upon a sermon which President Brimhall had delivered the evening before in the town, said: "Whether his ideas about

God are true or not, we cannot say; but while he is speaking, you

simply have to believe in the existence of a God."And that

is true. The man has a most dominant personality—in the pleasant

sense, I mean,—and you cannot get away from the feeling that

what he says is true. He has a marvelous gift of setting ideas

clearly before you, and of showing you the right side of them.

He is, moreover, a hard man to deal with when you are covering up the meaning underneath a quantity of words, whether you do it consciously or not. His keen intellect will have separated the

chaff from the wheat—if there be any wheat—by the time you

have ended your speech.

I asked him to give me the qualifications of a real teacher, and in answer he offered the one word, "sympathy."

"By sympathy, "he explained, "I mean the power of entering into the soul of the taught so as to see what is there and what is it is the power of simneeded, and then of supplying that need,—

ple appreciation. We talk about graft in business and politics.

There is graft in education, too. What is it? Why letting

a pupil fail under our hands. That's what graft in education

is. A favorite motto with me is, 'Thou shalt not permit any student to get discouraged.'What an awful thing it is, when you

come to think of it, to allow any young person in our charge to lose heart in the highway of individual progress, when almost the only really helpful thing we are able to give is an uplift! Encouragement with a fable is better than discouragement with a

fact.""The true teacher, then, is all too rare,"I commented.

"And why?"he demanded; and answering his own question,

"because too many use the sacred profession of teaching as a 406 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

socalled steppingstone to something higher! There is nothing

higher. There may be something with more money in it. There

may be something with more fame in it. But nothing higher.

Martin Luther declared that if he were not a preacher he would be a teacher. "I have never found my ideal in a politician or even a statesman, though that comes nearer it. Much less have I found my

ideal in the moneymaker. Nor have I been able to find it in the

inventor, nor even in the man of letters. To me it has been alone

in the teacher. I could have made money if I had the inclination,

and plenty of it. A few years ago a man said to me, 'Why do

you waste your time in the school room when you could be making heaps of money.'He was himself a maker of shekels. 'I'll let

you have money, you can invest that in land, buy sheep, set your boys to work, and in a single year you may clear twentyfive thousand dollars.'

"Twentyfive thousand dollars! I said to myself—that's what

my sons and I may make in a single year. That's pretty good!

But what will the twentyfive thousand dollars in a single year make of them and me? That's the point."

He broke off suddenly here and gave me his idea of what manner of man everyone ought to be.

"My ideal of true manhood,"he said, "has always been

Joseph who was sold into Egypt. He must have been a fine

specimen of the physical man to have attracted Potipha's wife;

that he was strong morally is evidenced from his resisting her charms; his intellectual superiority is proved by his ability to cope

with so large a situation as confronted him when he was made ruler under Pharaoh; and his great spirituality is brought out in

his religious life. A man who lacks physical manhood is weak;

he who is deficient mentally is an imbecile; to lack spirituality or

moral power is to be weak. It takes all four of these qualities to

life in its fullest and richestproduce a genuine manhood—to give

sense. For me and my sons to divert our whole energy to the

making of money, would be to deprive us of the power of tr.ily

living. And so I remained in the school room."

The mention of money reminded me of the small compensation teachers get, as a rule. And I mentioned the matter by way

SOME MEN WHO HAVE DONE THINGS. 407

of drawing out the President. I was somewhat startled by the

result. It was like pressing an electric button unconsciously, and

suddenly turning on a roomfull of light.

—"compensation!"Compensation!"Measurehe cried,the turningreal compensationon me with thatgreata warmthteacher

gets with the apparent compensation that, say, successful business men receive, and what do you get?

And here followed such a glorification of the teacher's calling as made most other pursuits appear mean and groveling by comparison.

"The farmer, as he watches the golden grain maturing, experiences a real joy in life. So I suppose does the man who sits

behind the bank counter. The farmer in the fall reaps his harvest.

And so does the banker. But what becomes of it and all—grain

money, houses, clothing, whatnot? It lasts for a time and then

perishes out of the sight of man. No matter how high the heap of

is anmoney may be nor how full the barns—it is the same—there

end of it all.

"Not so with the teacher's. His harvest is not only continuous, neverending, but increases as the years and the centuries

go on! Take my missionary class at the University, for example.

Say that I inspire in them a desire to live the fuller, the richer, the higher life. They go out from me and live it. They teach

their children to desire it and to live it, and they in turn inspire their children, and so on endlessly. Why, talk about harvest, this

is the only harvest—there is no other. This will be Karl G.

Maeser's harvest, his reward, to be surrounded by the thousands whose influence has uplifted them to what is really worth while—to

what is enduring—in life. And it will be the harvest of every

genuine teacher who has sought faithfully to uplift his fellowmen."

Time to Help Mother.

"It is time to organize a Mother's Protective Association among the boys and girls. Have less jolly times, and more rest

for mother; for all around me I see motherless homes, where

mother was killed by overwork and want of rest and recreation in the fresh air."C. E. Davis.

From Salt Lake to the Grand Canyon.

BY D. D. RUST.

Fredonia, the nearest settlement to the north rim of the

Grand Canyon, exhibited about as much commotion last June upon hearing the exhaust of an automobile as did the early inhabitants

. - / / ZlBS ''dl'-m, 1 rJsam. i.py f

Photo by D D. Rust

CAMP AT BRIGHT ANGEL—ON THE NORTH RIM OF THE GRAND

CANYON.

of the Hudson at the chug, chug of Fulton's Folly. And a month

before there was about as much faith in the promise of such an opportunity as Bridger had in the production of corn in the Salt

Lake valley. But such are the surprises wrought by the miracles

of mechanical improvement and industrial advancement.

Since his visit to the Kaibah country with Senator Smoot and

FROM SALT LAKE'TO THE GRAND CANYON. 409

others, in the autumn of 1902, Mr. Gordon Woolley continued to

express and cherish a desire again to look into the marvelous

Titan of chasms. To satisfy this longing, two motor cars

were steered down through the counties, rougher and wilder as you go, towards the Buckskin Mountains, that might as well be a thousand miles away.

It is not expected, nor wished, that the Grand Canyon will ever become as familiar to people of Salt Lake

City as is Garfield Beach or Lagoon. The God of the

wilderness will see to that.

But space will shorten. The

actual distance between the two places is four hundred and twentyfive miles. Ox

teams went in twenty days;

horses in two weeks; a combination of railroad, stage

and pack outfit, six days;

automobiles did it in four days, and may do it in two;

Photo by D. D. Rust. Pullman cars may run it from

the end isThe Forerunner of a Railroad to the sun to sun;—and

Canyon. not yet.

There has been a call to the city. There is now a call to the

-wilderness. The temples, spires, turrets, monuments, domes,

all the forms of architecture of the mountains—are more inspiring

than the works of man. Solitude is as necessary as society. The

awful depths, the pinnacles of glory, and the gloomy shadows of the canyon, give the keenest impressions, and would be fitting for a sacred excursion.

With Mr. Woolley were his wife and four children Mr.

David Affleck, Mrs. Woolley's sister, and "Sandy,"the "chauf"

Photo by D. D. Rust

WHERE A MAN FEELS HIS INSIGNIFICANCE.

all of Salt Lake City. They were joined at Kanab by E. D.

Woolley and others.

The roads were discouraging enough. The people were

worse than the roads. All along they were met with that old

FROM SALT LAKE TO THE GRAND CANYON. 411

"You'll never get there,"both from those who knew and those who didn't know the requirements of automobiles. There were

rocks and slumps and washouts; there were creeks to ford, and

deserts of deep sand; there

were narrow, crooked dugways that would puzzle Ben

Hur. Yet they went and re-

w turned with slight need for repairs.

The cars deserve special mention. One was a big

'Bffl'-fspy'"Thomas,"60horse, a type of the famous car that went } around the world. The other M was a pattern of the Vanderms * bilt cupwinner. They were

pioneers—and they looked the

part. 1 jtWk

The racer took the lead through the forest, with Gordon Woolley at the wheel. w<?

"Uncle Dee"was by his side jgBBr with his ax and pick, living up to his promise and proph-.'*'- * * esying to the people as he

passed that this was forerunPhoro by D. D. Rust. ner to a railroad. But they

Mr. E. G. Woolley at the wheel and kept on doubting.

"Uncle Dee''with the ax.

The way they chased along through woods, across ravines, down the slopes to the very drop it would have seemed a proper sequence ifof the canyon wall,—

they had kept right on, amid air, till, like a bird, they withered from view, or landed safely on the opposite brink.

And this will be done. The most distinguished tour of the

next decade will be across the canyon in an airship, a mile above the Colorado. Yet all around are men who squint their eyes and

say, "You'll never do it."

Who can judge the significance of the automobile trip of a 412 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

little more than eight hundred miles? These two cars left their

tracks in a strip of country that has been "a hiss and a byword."They cannot be erased. They may serve as a stamp of

growth. It is as impossible to forecast what may follow, as it is

to tell the course of the roots of that quaint pine on a rocky peak.

Pioneers have always builded better than they knew.

Kanab, Utah.

To Day.

(For the Improvement Era.)

Why are we wistfully shaking our heads,

And sighing for days that are o'er,

Speaking of joys that are long ago past

As if they could never be more?

If in our world things are going awry,

Nature has changed not, but men;

We are to blame for the sighs and the tears,

God is the same now as then.

Trouble is oft what we make for ourselves,

Sorrow a thing we create, Hugging the burden we might cast aside,

Despairingly talking of Fate;

If we are men, let us live out the past.

Problems were made but to face,

The more we endure the greater the joy,

When we get to the end of the race.

"Onward!"the motto, not sighing for aye

For the shadowy age of gold, Of that which shall be in a fardistant age,

Or that was in the good days of old:

Brothers, the time that is given us is now,

Our part in life's game we must play,

Be content, and remember for you and for me

The most glorious tima is To Day.

Harry A. Jame;

The Carlyles and their House at Chelsea.

BY FLORENCE L. LANCASTER.

II.

Craigenputtock was a remote district where was a manor house adjacent to a farm, the property of Mrs. Carlyle's ancestors.

Here the young couple began their domestic life on the slender resources Carlyle had managed to save from another German work, and here they dwelt for the next six years. These were the

years of Carlyle's literary apprenticeship. At this period he

wrote a Life of Goethe, and a History of German Literature—which

was ''cut up into articles, "and, the financial side of things becoming critical, he "worked desperately at Sartor Resartus."It may be

interesting also to record that during this epoch he wrote a novel "which had to be burned."Within these years, also, when he

was between thirty and forty, he took his first lessons in Greek.

Meanwhile these years at the secluded manor are recorded by Mrs. Carlyle as the six most miserable years of her life. Much

of her feelings may be gauged in and "between the lines"of the poem written at this time, a few verses of which are as follows:

TO A SWALLOW BUILDING UNDER OUR EAVES.

Thou, too, hast traveled, little, fluttering thing,

Hast seen the world, and now thy weary wing

Thou too must rest.

But much, my little bird, couldst thou but tell,

I'd give to know why here thou lik'st so well

To build thy nest.

414 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Did fortune try thee? was thy little purse

Perchance run low, and thou afraid of worse

Felt here secure?

Ah, no! thou needst not gold, thou happy one!

Thou know'st it not. Of all God's creatures, man

Alone is poor.

What was it, then? some mystic turn of thought,

Caught under German eaves, and hither brought,

Marring thine eye For the world's loveliness, till thou art grown

A sober thing that does but mope and moan

Not knowing why?

God speed thee, pretty bird; may thy small nest

With little ones in all good time be blest.

I love thee much;

For well thou managest that life of thine,

While I! oh, ask not what I do with mine!

Would I were such

The above poem, with its tacit plaint, was enclosed in a letter to a man of affairs of the time, Francis Jeffries. As many of

the essential conditions continued while the environment was more desirable, it may be well to consider them, as affecting the tenor of the life at the isolated manor, and of the subsequent years in

London.

Literary composition meant to Carlyle "a solitary process of mental agony,"so that it followed his wife had to be much alone. As, with their limited income, only one servant was kept,

domestic details must have fallen upon her to perform to no slight extent. Carlyle, from his outside masculine standpoint, spoke of

these duties as "the saving grace of her life."But there must

have been many times when a woman of her capacities would feel it far otherwise. She was not of a character to look back with

longing eyes on the trivial gayeties of "the Belle of Haddington.''

As Carlyle's wife she had the acquaintanceship of many distinguished people. But an active mental career of her own, perhaps, would

have been the one thing to compensate her for the lack of another fulfilment. She was childless. Also, during their London life,

THE CARLYLES AND THEIR HOUSE AT CHELSEA. '415

there was an unhappy misunderstanding through a Lady Ashburton, which lasted for years, until the latter 's death. The wellknown

example of a somewhat petty exactingness on the one hand, and on the other the provocation of "the husband's friend,"who had none of the strain of repetition or strife with details of the wife, but who could inspire his ready confidence.

Yet, with all these regretable phases, Mrs. Carry le was preeminently the companion of the man she had married. Soulsteeped in essentials, with his mind's constant absorption in

exacting labor, together with some concealment on her part, he was often oblivious of causes of dissatisfaction and pain to her, which were apparent to others. When he did realize these, he

atoned in word and in deed. Carlyle was not a man to have made

pretense, or uttered empty speech, for any cause whatsoever. The

words penned on his wife's death reveal a subtle appreciation, a recognition of her as helpmeet, and contain a note of inner understanding of causes for suffering that is something like contrition, most touching.

She was "the true and loving helpmeet"of her husband, and, knowing his greatness, if she aided his achievement by insuring daily peace and order, even in dusting, or darning his socks, I do not think she should have regarded her marriage as a failure.

With this brief retrospect, let us take a stroll through the silent rooms.

THE DINING ROOM AND ROOM ADJOINING (WHICH WAS SOMETIMES

CALLED THE BACK DINING ROOM).

One is impressed on first entering here with the sense of proportion, substantialness and orderly repose tinctured with an undercurrent of melancholy, qualities which pervade the whole house. Two squarepaneled rooms, divided by a partial wall and

foldingdoors, panels and doors painted drab. In each room is a

marble mantlepiece and a grate with horizontal bars, the same as when an introspective eye gathered a moment's casual inspiration from the flames which glowed there. Carlyle used every room in

the house at different times, except the bedrooms, as his study. In

the foremost of these rooms a part of The French Revolution—

the first work completed on the author's settlement in London—was

416 IMPRO VEMENT ERA

written. Afterwards, during the still earlier period of its history,

Carlyle and his papers having disappeared to an upper apartment, it was used as the drawing room. Therein are certain relics of

those times. The round, oldfashioned table, consisting, in fact,

of two semicircular ones clamped together, to be used separately if required. Beside it, certain horsehair covered chairs of strong

but elegant workmanship. These were exported from the home at

Craigenputtock. Asked by inquisitive visitors, "Who made these

chairs?"Carlyle was wont to reply, "In Cockneydom, nobody in

our day: unexampled prosperity makes another kind."During its

drawing room days, Edward Irving said to Mrs. Carlyle, on entering this room, "You are like Eve, and make a bit of paradise

wherever you go."In part proof of this pretty compliment from

her old admirer, is a bracket which Mrs. Carlyle made. It is a

threecornered bracket, with two shelves, painted chocolate, ornamented with Grecian figures cut out and pasted on, and varnished light oak, which merges with the hue of the paneling.

The inner apartment was used for a lengthy period as tne diningroom, and a cozy diningroom it must have made, though somewhat small, when the clamped table was called into requisition for such a select gathering of friends as John Forster, Macready,

Dickens and Thackeray, or was spread for the entertainment of

Emerson, or that Harriet Martineau who wrote the fine poem "Onward!"and forwarded the success of Carlyle 's lectures by

canvassing for subscriptions.

But I must not omit to mention the two interesting pictures over the respective firegrates. One shows the front room as it

used to be in the drawingrom days, the two rooms covered with a gailypatterned carpet, Mrs. Carlyle, seated, wears the matronly

faithmuslin cap and quaint "crossover,"of the period; a dog—a

ful friend whose remains are buried in the with garden—gazes

mute intentness into her face. Carlyle, apparently just about to

"say something,"is comfortably attired in a plaid dressinggown, and handles a churchwarden pipe.

The other picture—over the mantle of the back diningportrait arresting in its pathos. It is fittingly placedroom—is a

in the room. Just before Mrs. Carlyle's sudden death, which happened while she was taking a drive in a brougham, the last of a

THE CARLYLES AND THEIR HOUSE AT CHELSEA. 417

series of "irruptions"had occurred in fitting up this room as Carlyle's study, the garret he had occupied being found too cold for his declining years. A bookcase, fitted into an alcove, was made

after Carlyle's instructions, containing now various copies of his own works. It was in this room that his last literary labors were

accomplished in the Reminiscences, with a neice to act as secretary. After that "writing had become impossible."

London, England.

[to be concluded in next number. 1

Live For Love.

(For the Improvement Era.)

There are more kind words than ever spoken,

And more good deeds that could be done.

Some simple act or sweet, kind token,

Would cheer the heart of some sad one.

There's many a flower that could be given,

To buoy some heart in its mortal race;

But how oft we wait 'till the soul's in heaven,

And the body is cold in death's embrace.

Many a soul in despair has wasted

For want of friendship's helping hand;

And broken hearts to the dregs are tested,

Dying for love throughout our land.

Many the youth whose life of sin

Speaks the atmosphere of a faulty home.

No hearthstone love to his great within,

He seeks the great wide world to roam.

Then why not live for those who love us,

With noble deeds, kind words for all.

It would make earth as heaven above us

And save mankind from downward fall.

Let's give our flowers to those who're living,

And strew them freely on the road.

Such kindly acts are worth the giving,

To help mankind with life's great load.

0. F. Ursenbach.

Hebrew Idioms and Analogies in the Book of Mormon.

BY THOMAS W. BROOKBANK.

IV.

The following sacred names occur in the Book of Mormon and are made:

(Class No. 3.)

Almighty Lord God Omnipotent Almighty God Lord Jesus Christ

Beloved Lord of Hosts Christ Lord Omnipotent Comforter Maker Creator Mediator Eternal Father Messiah Everlasting Father Mighty God Father Mighty One God Most High God of'Israel Most High God King Only Begotten Holy One Prince of Peace Holy One of Israel Redeemer Holy Ghost Savior Holy Spirit Shepherd Holy Messiah Son Lamb Son of God Lamb of God Son of Righteousness

Lord Spirit Lord God Wonderful Counsellor Lord God Almighty

The next group includes words that, though common someHEBREW ANALOGIES IN THE BOOK OF MORMON. 419

times, or generally, have, for one reason or another, been made proper nouns in the Book of Mormon:

(Class No. 4.)

Bountiful Great Spirit Priesthood

Chief Judge High Priest Scriptures

Cherubim 'Judge Teacher Desolation New (Jerusalem) Tower

Gentiles Priest Twelve Governor

Finally, a special list of names or parts of names, reserved for particular notice, is found in

(Class No. 5.)

Alpha Christ Omega Tower Anti Jew Red Sea Twelve Arch Hebrew New Wonderful Bible Mary

This last list shall be subdivided into (a) Those that are of

Greek origin as, Alpha, Omega, Christ, Bible, Anti and Arch, (b) Those that are common translatable terms as New, Tower,

Twelve, Wonderful, and Red Sea. (c) Gentile forms of certain

proper names as Jew and Hebrew.

In Class No. 1 of the general list there are several names that

are compounded with the Greek "Anti,"which in one or two instances was changed to "Ante,"perhaps through a typographical error, or it may be the result of the substitution of one vowel sound for another, thus causing a variation that seems to have been quite common among the ancient Jews, and which grew out of their system of writing only the consonants of words, as, for example, b-r-d, which, in English might stand for bard, beard, bird, board, broad, brad or bred. Now, the presence of these few

Greek words in the Book of Mormon instead of discrediting its authenticity in any degree, serves only to confirm its claims as a true historical record. When the colony under Lehi left Jerusalem, Egypt, Babylon, Greece and Israel were all hoary with age,

though Rome was still in her swaddling clothes. The Greeks had

taken Troy 684 years, and Homer had lived two centuries at least 420 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

before the first line of the Book of Mormon history was written.

Pour hundred years before Lehi's departure from his native land the people of God had attained to worldwide fame by the building of their fiist magnificent temple under Solomon, and by the wisdom of their greatest king. The Jews and the Greeks were not

very remote neighbors, and some traces of Greek in the Book of

Mormon are to be expected. Indeed, if we found nothing whatever of that language, in that book, it would be hard to explain

how it transpires that the learned founder of the Nephite people knew no Greek; knew nothing of a people with whom they doubtless had more or less literary and commercial intercourse.

Thus the occurrence of these Greek words in the Book of

Mormon are perfectly consistent with what the record should disclose. In the Nephite name "Ziff, "we find a Babylonian name

copied outright, and this fact seems to link these two people also together at some time in neighborly association. In this connection it is worthy of remark that the Nephite name "Antionah"is

apparently compounded from the Greek "Anti,"the Egyptian name "On,"and the Hebrew termination "Ah.""Antiparah,"

another Nephite name, easily separates into the Greek "Anti,"and "Parah"of the land of the Jews. Antion-um is doubtless

derived from a Greek, an Egyptian, and a Hebrew source. The

names Christ, Bible, (and Mary may be included here) were all given to the Nephites by direct revelation; and the sacred use of

the Greek Alpha and Omega was introduced among them by the Savior himself. [to be continued.]

Flagstaff, Ariz.

The Dignity of Labor.

"We shall prosper in proportion as we learn to dignify and glorify common labor and put brains and skill in the common occupations of life; shall prosper in proportion as we learn to draw the line between the

superficial and the substantial, the ornamental gewgaws of life and the useful. No race can prosper till it learns that there is as much dignity in

tilling a field as in writing a poem."—Up from Slavery.

Photo by Shipler THE TEMPLE IN THE MORNING SUN.

"Give unto the Lord the glory due unto his name; worship the Lord in the beauty

of holiness.... The voice of the Lord maketh the hinds to calve, and discovereth the forests; and in his temple doth every one speak of his glory."—Psalms.

Where Are We At?

BY JAMES X. ALLEN, M. D.

One feeling common to humanity is—Where are we at? The

traveler by sea or land, ever has this recurring thought, Where are we at? On the ocean the questions are asked: How far are

we from New York? When shall we reach Liverpool? Where, our

port of destination?

The traveler by train constantly looks out of the window seeking an answer to the mind's query, Where are we at? Merchants

and tradespeople go to much expense, in clerks and record books, in order the batter to find an answer to the questions: Where are

we at? How do we stand? Are we making headway? How is it

with us? And to settle all doubts, they take stock periodically,

not only to ascertain what line of goods are most lucrative, but to find out who may be trusted, and what customers are unreliable.

The wise merchant, having found out his past mistakes, will at once proceed to correct them. Not only merchants and corporations must keep tab as to where they are at, but farmers and

professional men must know the why and the wherefore of their failures before they can correct mistakes and proceed onward to success.

Will not these same rules apply to the child of God who has started on the path of life, and whose objective is celestial glory?

It seems that such was the opinion entertained by an old veteran in the ranks, the Apostle Paul, who advised his brethren and coworkers: "Examine yourselves, whether you be in the faith, prove

your own selves."The sacred writer knew that to get off the

"narrow way"was one of the easiest things in the world. He,

therefore, pressed this matter home: "Prove yourselves whether

WHERE ARE WE AT? 423

you be in the faith."He did not wish them to take chances; but

to "make their calling and election sure."A writer in the Book

of Mormon who, with the Apostle Paul, was equally solicitous for the welfare of the children of God, points them to an "iron rod,"it as the only means of God—and bids them cling to—the law

of safety, knowing, as he did, that separated from said rod they would be in constant and imminent danger.

There has been of late much excitement about the north pole of our earth. I think I see a parallel in the searches for the pole

and those who start out for the great reward promised to the faithful.

Many brave souls have made the attempt to reach that hitherto unknown point, the north pole, some have started in ships not fitted for the journey—not properly built; not properly officered.

Captain Nansen, of Norway, after looking around and failing to find a vessel adapted to the voyage, consulted the marine architects and had a ship built for the occasion.

Captain Nansen, although he failed to find the object of his research, attained greater latitude than any previous explorer in search for the "no longitude. ''His name is not left without distinction. It is surrounded with a halo of dauntless energy. The boy

Joseph Smith—being moved by the Divine Spirit to reach a

place much talked about, but of which little, if anything, was known, the highest abode of the blest, started out to find a sure built and properlymeans of conveyance—one that was correctly

officered by intelligent and properly authorized managers. The

many churches which he examined proved unsatisfactory to his earnest mind, so he concluded to consult the Masterbuilder—the

Supreme Architect of the universe. In his perplexity he concluded to take and put into effect the advice of the Apostle James:

"If any of you lack wisdom, let him ask of God that giveth to all men liberally, and upbraideth not."He asked God to tell him which

of the many churches professing to guide souls to divine glory was the right one to carry him safely across the stormy sea of life and adversity, and of human frailties, to the desired haven of rest.

The Great Architect told him not to risk his soul with any of them;

they were not properly built; the material used in their construction was not the best; they were not properly officered, and that

424 ROVEMENT ERA.

those which they did have were unlicensed—were without divine

authority.

A new Church was organized, having God for its designer.

The materials were selected by the designer; the proper officers

were selected, licensed and divinely authorized to conduct the

Church. They were enjoined to keep in constant touch with the

Great Designer's office, so that, difficulties arising on the voyage, or doubts springing up as to what would be best to do under certain circumstances, they could communicate with the head office and be set at rights.

The Church was named after its Designer and Author—"The

Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints;"officered according

to God's plan, and he gave some apostles, and some prophets, and some evangelists, and some pastors and teachers, etc. (Eph.

4: 11).

The voyagers in search of the pole have been in the habit of taking observations of the lum.naries and stars every day when

the sky was clear enough for them to do so. When the heavens

were obscured for a time, and no observation was possible, the officers were on the alert to take advantage of the first bright star that should make its appearance, to enable them to ascertain their they were at. Had these duties been negwhereabouts,—where

lected they would have been like a rudderless ship without a compass, drifting none knew whither, in constant dread of shipwreck or other disaster.

How is it with us members of this Church? Do we each and

all keep a logbook through which we can trace out each day's course in this trackless ocean of time? Do we each know just where we

are at? Do we each know just how far we have advanced? Or

are we in a rudderless boat drifting on an unknown sea without compass or sextant, toward we know not where?

You who are familiar with the life of Benjamin Franklin, the great American scientist, philosopher and statesman, will call to mind that he made himself a table of faults to be avoided. On the

top of the sheet of paper he wrote down a dozen things to be avoided, and down one side of the page, the days of the month.

At night, before retiring, he looked over his list of "dont's"and when he found a "don't"that he had violated, he at once put a

WHERE ARE WE AT? 425

black mark in the square opposite the day and the "don't"that he had disregarded. In this way he was enabled to compare dates

and to know exactly what progress he was making—to know where

he was at. Benjamin Franklin was not only a great man, but he

was a good man whose example could be followed to advantage by all of us. What advancement have I made in the divine life

since I first saw the light? Am I constant in attendance at the

gatherings of the Saints, as I was when I first felt the joy of saintly communion? Do I contribute as honestly and freely to the

Lord's storehouse as I did at first? If not, why not? Have I as

many or as great faults as I had years ago? Am I overc miing

every known defect as it manifests itself from time to time? Am

I as eager to warn my neighbor and show him what God has done for me, as when the blaze of gospel light and truth first illumined my soul? St. John 1: 4043 tells how Andrew, a disciple of John

the Baptist, after first hearing the Master, made haste to find his brother Simon and declare unto him the glad news: "We have

found the Messiah."When we first saw the light of truth, was

not the impulse within us—"I must hasten to show the glad

tidings to my relatives?"Of course it was, and so it is with everyone who is "born again."Are we as eager today to bear our

testimony to the truth as we were when the love of God first filled our hearts? And if not, why not?

I fear that many become disheartened—disgusted with themselves and their many shortcomings, and cease to pray, instead

of examining themselves and finding out the cause of their backsliding, and avoiding the same pitfalls in future.

At the battle of the Wilderness, in the first day's conflict, the

Southern army had the best of it. That night General Sherman

thought that he could see where the Union army had made some mistakes, and that he could also see how those mistakes could be rectified. He donned his hat and proceeded to General Grant's

tent in order to lay the matter before his commanding officerNot finding Grant in his quarters, he proceeded to hunt him up. In

time Sherman spied a lone figure leaning against a tree with a lighted cigar in his mouth. Sherman, knowing the habits of his

superior, judged this lone figure to be Grant. Sherman approached

with—"Good evening, General.""Good evening, General,"was

426 IMPRO VEMENT ERA.

Grant's reply. Sherman's next remark was, "We've been licked

today."The answer was calm, but with much assurance, "Yes,

but we'll lick them tomorrow."

The commanding general was neither excited or discouraged.

He had calmly reviewed the day's maneuvers and had seen the mistakes which he had decided to avoid on the following day.

General Sherman, noticing the confidence with which his superior officer spoke, concluded to keep his counsel to himself, and at once departed in silent confidence that the morrow would see the nation's braves "on top."And so it turned out. The point of

the story is—never say die. God's love is greater than his

anger. Let not our faults keep us from the feet of our Lord.

The prodigal son had sinned grievously, but he knew that the father's love was unbounded, and he was not disappointed. Brothers, holding the priesthood, let us each keep a logbook and jot

down our bearings every day, that we may always know where we are at, lest we find ourselves without a rudder or chart, drifting among the danger rocks of apostasy, without hope.

Ogden, Utah.

Life's Jewels.

{For the Improvement Era.)

Give unto me no common gem!

My crown must be of worth;

gather for my diadem The rarest pearls of earth.

One here, one there, but few in all,

Yet each with worth untold;

The gems I gather with a call Are neither bought nor sold.

And though I leave this earthly sphere,

I'll clasp them to my heart;

Yea, leave all gold and silver here,

But we shall never part.

And what my crown? ere I forget:

'Tis happiness divine;

'Tis made of life, with jewels set,

Each gem a friend of mine.

Budapest, Hungary. E. Remington Davenport.

The Crown of Individuality.

BY WILLIAM GEORGE JORDAN.

V.—The Sculptured Figures of Society.

Over the great doorway of one of New York's skyscraping office buildings three colossal sculptured figures are posed in crouching attitudes. With their great bowed heads, grimly tense

features, and muscles strained like whipcords they seem to hold on their broad shoulders the terrific weight of twenty or more shams.stories of solid masonry. They are really only—pompous

Theirs is only a Herculean pose. Theirs is only the pretense of

the strenuous—not its reality. They were put in after the building was completed; they could be removed without endangering

the safety of the edifice in the slightest. They have no more real

responsibility than a wandering fly, tarrying for a moment on the flagpole on the roof.

There are thousand of such sculptured figures in the world of society today. They are men whose powers are evidenced in

ounces, whose pretense is proclaimed in tons. They are those

whose promises outsoar the eagles, whose performance is lower than the flight of the mudlark. They are constantly posing physically, mentally, morally, socially, or spiritually. By juggling

with excuses of their vanity and selfishness they may mislead themselves and others for a time, but usually—they deceive only themselves. They are most often like the village fool who thought he

played the organ when he only—pumped the bellows.

* From The Crown of Individuality. Copyright, 1909, by Fleming

H. Reveil Company.

428 IMPRO VEMENT ERA

Certain fairly harmless sculptured figures have the pose of being "extremely busy."They constantly seek to raise themselves

to a conspicuous ledge by the derrick of their own conceit. They

seem to have so much to accomplish that you might infer that were each day two weeks long and three weeks wide, it would be absurdly inadequate for their diurnal duties. Their tasks are so

"terrifically many"that, if you were optimistic enough to accept their statements as net, without asking for discount, you would realize that these tasks could never be accomplished by any individual—it would surely require a syndicate.

They belong to a class, who if they receive three letters a day, tell you that they are "just deluged with correspondence."

Their social engagements are "positively tiresome"and as you listen to the list of their society friends your commercial instinct makes you picture what a splendid elite directory it would be were it only put into print. Their troubles with their servants seem so

great that you wonder why they do not discharge nine or so of them and worry along with the remainder. They use a seventy

horsepower vocabulary for a bicycle set of thoughts. They go

around polishing their own halos.

Another of these sculptured figures poses as an intellectual

Atlas holding up the whole firmament of thought—merely one

world is too easy. His ignorance and his impudence ever collaborate with his iconoclasm. He demolishes literary reputation

with the ease of a sharpshooter hitting glass balls. He confides

to you that Shakespeare is greatly overrated, Thackeray was only a cynic, Scott a garrulous old novelist, George Elliot a sawdust doll, Dickens a tedious reporter. All the world's greatest dramatists, novelists, poets, philosophers and thinkers, are one by one,

inevitably bowled into—nothingness.

There is a sculptured figure who speaks as though pronouncing the last word of finality on science and higher thought. The

problems thathave baffled the sages for ages seem to him as luminant as an electric sign on a dark street. Though he has read,

perhaps, partially through one volume of Spencer, Tyndall, Huxley, or Darwin, he erupts, like a pretensive Vesuvius of knowledge are thick clouds of the smoke of mereon—evolution. There

words, and sputtering of confused light. Every weak spot in

THE CROWN OF INDIVIDUALITY. 429

theology is known to him and where he cannot find a puncture he makes one. He seems to believe he could handle all cannonball

problems as lightly as though they were rubberballs. Ignorance

of many of these great questions is justifiable and natural to us who are not omniscient. It needs no apology, because one may

be thinking honestly on other subjects nearer and dearer to one's life. The wrong and folly lie only in—the pose and the pretense.

There are other sculptured figures more sad to think of, more serious to contemplate, more blighting on the lives of others.

They are those who peril the crown of their individuality by a moral or a religious pose—a combination of pharisaism,

pride, policy and pretense. They may occupy high places but, like

statues in cathedrals, despite the religious atmosphere and the environment in which they exist, they remain—only stone.

Religion to be worth aught must transform and sweeten and it is only a selfdeceiving formula. It must be abetter lives or—

living impetus making them bear bravely their own burdens; it

must broaden their shoulders to stand the strain of others'needs;

it must make them active, verile, aggressive, inspiring powers in the world. Religion, to be really worth while, should, by their

living, fill men's hearts with love, truth, right, justice, sweetness, honesty, faith, charity, trust and peace. These virtues can no

more be kept hid from the world around them than can the blazing sun, riding royally in the zenith at noonday.

There are religious sculptured figures from sheer hypocrisy, consciously treading on their church rating—these may deceive

the world without blindfolding their own eyes for a moment.

There is a more subtle form where the individual himself does not realize that he is only an eyeservant or an earservant, that his is lip service only. He has no realization that he is not transforming what he believes is true into a dynamic moral force affecting his own life and the lives of others.

There are sculptured figures of friendship that may deceive us for a time. Discovery may take from us, for a long period, all

that is best in us, shrivel our faith in humanity, and leave us lonely—until we bury the dead body of the friendship and learn to

forget.

There are friendships upon the certainty of which we have 430 IMPRO VEMENT ERA

staked our life. We have felt that though the winds of adversity

might blow bleakly about us, the ships of our highest hopes wreck at the moment we believed they were almost in their haven of return; the night of our great misfortune settle down on us

without a star; the cup of sorrow, shame and suffering be closepressed to our lips, yet despite all that might possibly come to us,

there would ever be—this true friend by our side.

We may have shared his crust of trial and disappointment, heartgladdened, in a way, and we were privileged thus to be of service to him. We may have listened untiringly to his endless

repetition of the litany of some sorrow of his—soothing him,

sweetly consoling, silently and sympathetically comforting—with

no thought of self. We may have secretly left the deathbed of

some great hope of our own, stifled our sobs bravely that he might not know, and sat down with serene patience to watch and nurse with him at the sickbed of some grief of his or to help him towards the resurrection of some hope of his from the grave of his sorrow or his failure.

All that was ours, all the resources of our whole life were more truly his than ours because his need would stimulate us to higher effort in his behalf than we would make in our own. He

may have protested undying gratitude, told us freely, over and over again, that no demand or need of ours would seem even a drop to the everflowing spring of his gratitude.

Then when the finger of time had moved from days to weeks, and to months, the angel of a great grief may have knocked at the door of our heart, and perforce we have to open and let the angel of sorrow come in. In the awful desolation and loneliness

that numb our very soul we may turn around confident of meeting responsive eyes looking inspiration into ours; we involuntarily bend

the ear to hear words of courage from the lips of the only one in all the world that could comfort or console. We reach out, by

some subtle instinct, the hand of our pain, expecting it to be warmly covered, but instead we touch only—the cold, hard, chiseled out.

lines of a sculptured figure.

Then we realize the fulness of one of the most pathetic cries in all the world's history, when Christ in the garden of Gethsemane, in sublime hunger of heart, in divine protest of soul, broke in on the

THE CROWN OF INDIVIDUALITY. 431

slumber of Peter with the words: "Could ye not watch with me

one hour?"We have faced a new tragedy of the soul—alone.

The sculptured figure may never realize what he has done.

Real, honest effort, no matter how slight seem results, no matter how weak seem the progress, has no time for mere parade.

Their high motives that inspire are: love, honor, truth, justice or

those others that lead the ranks of their high purpose. The

glowing realization that their work is serious inspires them.

Their consecrated effort to rise to the heights of their highest a royal importance that banishes trivialities.nature—gives

True importance is always simple. The large duties, cares

and responsibilities of those seeking to do great things give them natural dignity and ease. They have the simple grace of the birden-bearers of India, who carry heavy loads on their heads and, in

the carrying learn how to carry them, erect—with fearless step.

of the strenuous. Men ofThere is in them no trace of the—pose

serious effort think too much of their work to think much of themselves. Their great interest, enthusiasm, and absorption in their

world of fine accomplishments eclipse all littleness. They are livincense ating their life,—not playing a part. They are burning

the shrine of a great purpose—not to their own vanity. They ever

have poise—not pose.

(The next article in this series "The Hungers of Life,"will appear in the April number of the Era.)

f—% Greetings 1910.

from one who loves God and his brothers -all of them.

To the Improvement Era.

life's choicest out from M7Wgiftseachto everyoneday of thein yournewhomeyearcircleunfold Cast

Eden the cactus and the nettle and in their places cultivate the lily—purity, and the nv/rtle—friendship; and so make

earth—heaven, and human life a delightful melodyMay roses

bloom by vour cottage gate and may flowering vines ever cluster about its walls.

John T Meakin.

Joseph Smith's Doctrines Vindicated.

BY B. H. ROBERTS.

I.

Men the Avatars of God.*

Early in the month of August, I had the pleasure of addressing a congregation from the Tabernacle stand in Salt Lake City;

and when the remarks I made on that occasion were published, those who had the publication in charge entitled them, "The Message of 'Mormonism.'"In part the remarks covered a review of a

series of articles published in the Cosmopolitan Magazine during the early summer months, in which Mr. Harold Bolce gave the

result of a two years'itinerary through the universities of the

United States, pointing out the trend of religious and philosophical thought among the professors of these universities. On

that occasion I called attention to the fact that the first great message that Joseph Smith delivered to the world: namely, that all

the churches were wrong, and their creeds an abomination unto the

Lord, received wonderful confirmation from the utterances of these professors quoted in the articles I name. That occasion in August

did not warrant a complete or exhaustive review of these articles, nor did it afford the opportunity, for sheer lack of time, to indicate all the points at which modern educated thought sustained utterances of the great modern prophet. It is this theme which I desire

to renew and discuss on the present occasion.

*The word avatar comes from the Sanskrit word avatara, and in

Hindu mythology meant an incarnation; a manifestation of Deity.

JOSEPH SMITH'S DOCTRINES VINDICATED. 433

The question which I now propose to take up fjg$L: prove to

you, I think, that it is useless for the world to decry some of the fundamental doctrines announced by the Prophet Joseph Smith, on the ground that they were the utterances of an uneducated, obscure and ignorant youth—since, I believe, I shall be able to show you

that from some of the highest seats of learning in the land there comes pronounced confirmation of the things our prophet taught;

and hence that his utterances on the doctrine to be considered were not born of ignorance, but of inspiration from God.

In the Cosmopolitan for July, 1909, in the editorial review of

Mr. Bolce's article, is this utterance:

Many university teachers, while subscribing to doctrines akin to those of Christian Science, New Thought, and the Emanuel movement, are in favor of studying the forces of the spiritual world in a cold, scientific manner. Orthodox Christian dogma is regarded as at variance with

its own principles and is interpreted in a new and revolutionary light.

The professors'philosophy is purged of mysticism and blind faith. By

moving their young students, they believe they will move the world, and so they are directing their energies to the scientific interpretation of those forces which are marvelously transforming our contemporary age.

Mr. Bolce himself, in further explanation of the attitude of

many of the educators in the universities, represents Professor

James C. Monaghan, recently of Notre Dame University, and formerly of the University of Wisconsin, as telling his classes, in regard

to the adage that "there is room at the top,"that there is no top, "that particularly spiritual progress—is eternal."The progress—

Latterday Saints will readily recognize that statement as in harmony with "Mormon"doctrine. Continuing, Mr. Bolce says:

Friends of the college philosophers insist that if there is a gulf between them and the people, it is because the masses have not yet crossed over into the life of progress and spiritual liberty. It is simply

that the professors from the standpoint of their followers, are inviting mankind again into the fields to which the prophets beckoned the world centuries ago. The choice, it is declared, is either backward to the

brute, or forward to the superman.

I think that the Latter=dav Saints w ill also recognize in that a 434 1MPR0 VEMENT ERA.

note of "Mormonism"—because they believe that whatever man

the excellencemay be today, whatever his excellence may be—even

of the most highly developed men—we believe that there are

heights beyond those which he has now attained, to which it is possible for him to mount.

I merely wanted to read those two paragraphs for the purpose of presenting the attitude of the professors, in a general way, in regard to the creeds of men and the existing Christian

Churches. I now call your attention to some few doctrines that our

prophet taught in respect of man. Of course, you who are familiar

with Christian teaching of threequarters of a century ago, will recall the fact that it was quite customary to represent man as a quite inferior, insignificant, poor worm of the dust; and the phraseology applied to him was that he was a creature "conceived in sin

and shapen in iniquity. "Referring to these ideas as something

engrafted upon Christianity, yet foreign to its genius, Professor

G. H. Howison of the University of California, in his contribution

to the book Conceptions of God (1902), and speaking of those who hold and taught such views, says:

Their monotonous theme was the inevitable greatness of the

Supreme Being and the utter littleness of man. Their tradition lay like

a pall upon the human spirit—nay, it lies upon it to this day, and it

smothers now, as it smothered then, the voice that answers there to the call of Jesus."(p. 96.)

When the prophet proceeded with the deliverance of his message to the world, he departed from this view as to the essential baseness of the nature of man, and proceeded to proclaim him to be a son of God, not only through some means of adoption, but by the very nature of him. He proclaimed him to be an eternal

intelligence as to his spirit, and that after the experience of the resurrection from the dead, he would be an immortal personage, a prince of heaven, an heir to all that God possesses, and a joint heir with Jesus Christ, capable of infinite progress and of amazing specific, in 1844possibilities. On one occasion—to be more

while discoursing upon the subject of man and his spirit, he propounded this quest on:

it come from? The mind of man, the immortal spirit—where did

JOSEPH SMITH'S DOCTRINES VINDICATED. 435

All learned men and doctors of divinity say that God created it in the beginning, but it is not so. The very idea lessens man in my estimation.

I do not believe the doctrine; I know better. Hear it, all ye ends of the

world! for God has told me so. If you don't believe me, it will not make

the truth without effect We say that God himself is a selfexistent being. Who told you so? It is correct enough, but who

told you that man did not exist in like m inner, upon the same principle?

God made a tabernacle and put man's spirit in it, and it became a living soul It does not say in the Hebrew that God created the spirit of man; it says God made man out of the earth and put in him

Adam's spirit, and so became a living soul. The mind or the intelligence which man possesses is coeternal with God himself

God himself does not create himself. Intelligence is eternal, and exists

upon a selfexistenc principle; it is a spirit from age to age, and there

is no creation about it. The spirit of man is not a created being, it

existed from eternity, and will exist to eternity.

Such was the prophet's teaching upon this subject. I might,

however, supplement the above statement by quoting one of the revelations that also bears upon this theme. The Christian world

are ready to accord to the Christ, the Son of God, an existence coeternal with God; and indeed would consider it unorthodox to

hold any other view than the coeternity of the Son with the

Father; and they quote in support of this view the very beautiful

preface to John's gospel; namely, "In the beginning was the

Word, and the Word was with God. The same was in the beginning with God In him was life, and the life was the

light of men."And then later it is explained that this "Word''

"became flesh and dwelt among us, and we beheld his glory; the

glory as of the Only Begotten of the Father, full of grace and of truth."All orthodox Christians believe that this passage establishes the coeternity of the Christ with the Father. Now, that is

a very great doctrine; but I desire to show you that, excellent as it

is, the Lord in our dispensation has added another truth to that one by what is said in the revelation from which I now read. Jesus

Christ is represented as speaking:

Verily, I say unto you, I was in the beginning with the Father, and am the firstborn. [Now, mark you—addressing the several brethren

436 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

who were present when this revelation was received]—Ye were also in

the beginning with the Father; that which is spirit, even the spirit of

truth.

Meaning that part of man that is spirit, that intelligence, that thing within man that is conscious of its own existence, and of other existences; that has power to will and to direct and to do

things, that thing within man that reasons and reflects and has memory, that being who, most emphatically, is you, yourself, and not the house, merely, in which you live; that, too, was in the

beginning with the Father. And now the revelation broadens the

truth beyond those to whom the Christ directly spoke at the time the revelation was given; for in a subsequent verse it says: ''Man,''

undoubtedly meaning the race Man was also in the beginning with God. Intelligence, or the light

of truth, was not created or made, neither indeed can be.

All truth is independent in that sphere in which God has placed it, to act for itself, as all intelligence also, otherwise there is no existence.

Behold, here is the agency of man, and here is the condemnation of man, because that which was from the beginning is plainly manifest unto them, and they receive not the light.

And every man whose spirit receiveth not the light is under condemnation,

For man is spirit. The elements are eternal, and spirit and element,

inseparably connected, receiveth a fulness of joy;

And when separated, man cannot receive a fulness of joy.

The elements are the tabernacle of God; yea, man is the tabernacle

of God, even temples.

That is bold doctrine. When our prophet came with this

splendid message to the world, he was met with the cry of "Blasphemy, blasphemy!"Threequarters of a century have now

passed away since these utterances were first given to the world;

and I want to show you what men in the highest seats of learning have to say with respect to principles that are either identical with these, or closely analogous with them, though, of course, the learned men whom I quote may not be aware even of the existence of these revealed truths given to the world by Joseph

Smith. Tbey are not, of course, consciously bearing any testimony to the doctrines announced by our prophet; but they are

JOSEPH SMITH'S DOCTRINES VINDICATED. 437

bearing unconscious testimony to the truth; and I am glad to see

the truth grow, whether by direct or indirect means. Sometimes I

think that the indirect means that God is using for disseminating his truths are more potent and farreaching, perhaps, than the direct means which we are seeking to use, and that God is using through his Church. But now to this record and what our learned

men are saying on principles identical or analogous to these, Professor Howison, whom I before quoted, says:

Son of man, thou art the son of God. Rouse heart! put on the garments of thy majesty, and realize thy equal, thy free, thy immortal

membership in the Eternal Order!"(Conceptions of God, p. 96.)

Professor Robert Kennedy Duncan, in the concluding pages of his The New Knowledge, (1905) says:

Still another conception of the new knowledge is that of the vast stores of interelemental energy of which we live but on the fringe a store of energy so great that every breath we draw has within it sufficient power to drive the workshops of the world. Man will tap this

energy some day, somehow But now that we know, or think we know, of this infinite treasurehouse of interelemental energy lying latent for the hand of the future man to use, it is neither difficult nor fanatical to believe that beings who are now latent in our thoughts and hidden in our loins shall stand upon this earth as one stands upon a footstool, and shall laugh and reach out their hands amidst the stars.

"In the beginning God created,"and in the midst of his creation he set down man with a little spark of the Godhead in him to make him to strive to know—and in the striving to grow and to progress

to some great, worthy, unknown end in this world. He gave him

hands to do, a will to drive, and senses to a working apprehend—just

equipment; and so he has won his way, so far, out of the horrible conditions of prehistory.

I have been presenting to you the words of our prophet.

Mr. Bolce represents the professors, of our American universities,

as saying: The professors see in man, and in man alone, the consciousness and power destined to sway the affairs of the world. Professor Munsterberg

insists that the world we will is the reality, and that the least creature of all mortals ''has more dignity and value than even an Almighty God,"as that being is popularly conceived It is declared by the 438 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

professors that if divine energy is divisible and man's spirit inferior to

God's, the eternal future of the soul is unalluring. Christianity so

teaches, they say, and is of all philosophies the most pessimistic. Forever in its scheme man is to be an underling. Not only that, but uncountable billions of souls—worms of the dust—are created doomed to

perpetual despair; while a fortunate remnant's highest felicity is to

gather around the throne of a superior and august God and chant his praises.

Then follows this contrast with the above view:

Opposed to this conception is the new psychology that teaches that the spirit of man is the highest conscious expression of the infinite, and that by invoking the powers—the divine forces—resident in the human,

all that humanity desires may be accomplished.

Thus complete does the divinity of man's spirit appear to these philosophers. Continuing, these views are expressed:

The colleges in teaching this faith take ground with those who believe that in the emancipation and fruition of modern thought greater works than Christ did will be performed. It is, therefore, to rid the

modern mind of this deadening effect of what they deem to be paralyzing superstitions that the professors attack orthodox dogmas.

Far from deriding the forces of the spirit, the colleges proclaim that the laws of divine energy are the most important study confronting modern man. The professors take their stand with Professor Slater of

Chicago University whom I heard emphasize with marked sincerity that the "name of Jesus is not written but plowed into the history of the world."Yet in their determination to approach the Godidea as scientists, they consider themselves more reverent than the great body of

church people who, they believe, are indulging in idolatrous prostration and ritual.

In still stronger confirmation of Joseph Smith's doctrine, in language more direct, is the following utterance from Professor

Herrick, of Dennison University, who says:

Focused in the mind of man, therefore, are the dynamic forces of the universe. Beyond and above our most daring calculation is the

potency of thought! And in the following allegorical words, the scientist explained how the mind of man, assuming and asserting its power

may absorb the fire of creative energy. "The wood disappears in the

grate, but the genial warmth pervades the room, invades our blood,

JOSEPH SMITH'S DOCTRINES. VINDICATED. 439

quickens our pulse, wakens vital action, and finally is wrought into the history of our life."If we keep in mind this picture of an element becoming transfused by natural processes into human life and happiness, it

is not difficult to understand the scientific interpretation of prayer, of

New Thought, of Christian Science, of the Emmanuel Movement, and similar forces marvelously transforming our contemporary age. As scientists, not as communicants at old altars, many scholars have allied themselves with the forces of spiritual health and healing.

And yet when the Prophet Joseph and the first elders of the

Church taught that the world today was entitled to the enjoyment of the same "spiritual gifts,"of forces that characterized the

Church of Christ in the early Christian centuries, by which the sick were healed, the lame made to walk, and the power of prophecy and revelation enjoyed,—they were classed as presumptuous

persons, and generally discredited; indeed one of the complaints

against the Saints when settling in Jackson county, Missouri 18311833—was that

These pretended to communications and revelations direct from heaven, to heal the sick by the laying on of hands, and, in short, to perform all the wonderworking miracles wrought by the inspired apostles and prophets of old. the most high..... They openly blaspheme

God, and cast contempt on his holy religion by pretending to receive revelations direct from heaven, by pretending to speak in unknown tongues, by direct inspiration, and by diverse pretenses derogatory of

God and religion, and to the utter subversion of human reason.

This is from a document put into circulation by the Jackson county anti-"Mormon"mob, in the summer of 1833 (Evening and

Morning Star for December, 1833). But now we find, according

to Mr. Bolce's representation, professors in universities asserting

their faith in the possibility of this spiritual force operating at present among the children of men, and, incidentally, our author remarks, "These men are not dreamers; they are of solid mental

mould."As a result of man awakening to the consciousness of these indwelling forces, our author says:

"Human society, for the first time in history, is coming to itself,"says Professor Edmund J. James, "and is becoming conscious of definite

ends and purposes toward which it is striving; of the possibility of set440 IMPRO VEMENT ERA.

ting up certain ideals toward which it can ever struggle. ''And now

that man has discovered that there resides in his nature a spirit of energy that is divine, the colleges say, and that he can summon it to work his will, the potency and future operation of this psychic force no man can compute. Science having found a way through psychology to God, the

opportunities for the race, through invoking in the human consciousness the brooding spirit that fills all space, are absolutely infinite. Science,

therefore, is demonstrating along new lines, or at least is claiming to demonstrate, that man is God made manifest.

More than seventyfive years before this utterance of the scientist, however, there went ringing down the corridors of time these words of our prophet:

The elements are the tabernacle of God; yea, man is the tabernacle

of God, even temples!

Continuing, Mr. Bolce concludes his article on this theme in

the following terms:

And modern philosophy, as set forth in American universities, holds this incarnation not as a fanciful and merely beautiful ideal, but as a working and understandable principle in the soul of humanity. The professors, therefore, who are digging what they believe to be graves for

dead dogmas, stand as exponents of the teaching that man is the embodiment and conscious expression of the force that guides all life and holds all matter in its course. Man has begun the cycle of that triumphal

daring prophesied by ancient seers, and which appealed so potently to the imagination of Poe. Not merely in religious rhetoric but in reality,

the schoolmen say, is man the avatar of God.

That is to say, man is the incarnation of God, the incarnation of a divine spirit; his spirit is one with the Infinite Spirit, even the spirit

and essence of God. Let no one hereafter say, when viewing the

teachings of Joseph Smith in reference to the divinity of man's spirit, thathis doctrines are merely the utterance of an ignorant, unlettered man, since the doctrines he taught threequarters of a century ago, now receive this splendid, though unconscious vindication, through the utterances of the most learned men of our country and age.

[to be concluded.]

The LibraryGymnasium.

Elements of Success in the Work.

BY HOWARD R. DRIGGS, SECRETARY UTAH COMMISSION.

The LibraryGymnasium Commission is constantly receiving letters of of them come from M. I. A. workers inquiry—and many

this effect: What can we do best to estiblish the librarygym-—to

nasium in our community? We wish we had a satisfactory patent

answer to this frequent question. But we frankly admit we have

not. The question, however, is a worthy one, and it deserves

careful attention. What we can do is to offer some more or less

practical suggestions to the earnest workers in this great cause.

And that is the purpose of this article.

The first thing necessary, it seems to us, is to create the proper spirit for a librarygymnasium. This is a work that

devolves upon the schools, the M. I. A. and other organizations.

They already have done much and could do far more to foster it, by stimulating the young people to athletic and literary activities. A

live basketball team, or baseball nine, a skating or swimming contest, occasionally a track meet, or other wholesome sports, all will do a great deal to rouse the youth from sluggish ways and put such red blood in their systems as will one day make them disgusted with loafing and saloon habits.

An enthusiasm for literary activities, too, can be greatly cultivated by the organization of reading circles, debating teams, lecture courses, historical societies, nature study clubs, farmer's winter schools, and other like activities. Such an organization as the

M. I. A. is, and should be, a live power in bringing about such

uplifting pastimes.

44kJ IMPROVEMENT ERA.

One idea that we must rid our minds of is: that big, expensively equipped buildings are the first requisite in the movement.

The most costly building might be erected and furnished, and yet fail of its great purpose, if there were no spirit to patronize it among the people. Buildings will come fast enough if the need

for them is made strong enough. Better a simple room or two

with a few choice books, and a chance for wholesome games, with a spirit that demands good things to read and clean sports to play at, than the most expensive librarygymnasium without such a spirit as will fill it with life and culture.

The great aim of this great cause, after all, is not so much to plant a lot of big buildings over the state, as it is to give men and women better ways of spending their leisure hours than wasting them in street and kitchen gossip over the penny affairs of the neighborhood, the water question, some saloon brawl or village scandal. The great purpose of this cause is to fill the

minds of the people with something better to talk about, to fill them with a love for cleaner, higherminded pastimes.

The library idea stands for more wholesome mental recreation. The gymnasium means more manly games and sports. The

institution, in a word, is not merely a basketball room and a bookhouse: it is a new center of culture for the community, the

great purpose of which is to lead in, and to provide for, all kinds of choice recreation for body and mind.

Not all our communities are ready to support a firstclass, upto-date librarygymnasium. There are, perhaps, half a hundred

cities in the state that are able, it would seem, to have a live library and some features of th3 gymnasium, as a basketball room, swimming pool, skating pond, etc. And these cities should

be stirred to bring about such advantages.

There are many other smaller towns where some librarygymnasium advantages might be offered to the people, especially if the city officers and school trustees would cooperate to keep open rooms of an evening and during a part of the day. There is

no good reason, indeed, why every city, town, and hamlet cannot at least have enough good books to read. The school law provides that the trustees shall spend fifteen cents per capita for all

children of school age, annually, to purchase libraries. They may

THt! LIBRARYGYMNASIUM. 443

spend more, and they may also open this school library to the public. It would certainly seem, therefore, that our school boards

have an excellent chance to cultivate good book habits among the people.

The library side of our problem has been worked out in many other states; and it is found that the three prime essentials of success, in maintaing a library and reading room, are:

1. Permanency. 2. A Live Librarian. 3. The Right Books.

Let us discuss them in order:

1. Permanency. The library must be run on a business basis;

must be open regularly, rain or shine, during such hours as best meet the needs of the people. It, therefore, cannot depend on

charity; it must be provided by a regular fund, and the best way to

provide this fund is through a city tax, or if the city is not ready to assume the burden, the school board can carry it, and must carry it, of course, if it be carried, in the smaller districts where there is no town.

Let us say right here that the M. I. A. and other like organizations can do much to foster the library spirit in their communities, but it is too much to expect them to carry for a whole community more than a just share of the burden of the public library.

The public library, like the public school, should be carried by the whole people; and every organization or private citizen can then

have the full benefits of the institution without feeling its burden.

The M. I A. and other associations can do much to help the library,

not only by cultivating the reading habit; but, if they so desire,

by donating such books as they would have their members read.

Any library would be glad to get such books to enrich its collection and bring readers to its rooms.

2. A Live Librarian. This is a work that demands skill and

tact as well as common sense and a good heart. The success of

any library depends almost wholly upon the librarian. We need

not hope ever to get splendid results, therefore, if we run a library by employing some "charity"person—some one who has no better

qualifications than mere goodness and need of the position.

Neither can any library succeed for long; if it must depend on

willing person one week, another next, andvoluntary service—this

so on. It is for this reason largely that many reading rooms have

444 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

gone to the wall, despite wellmeant and generous efforts on the part of most deserving people who have—bless them for it—carried the burden till they could carry it no longer. Let us recognize now that we must employ a live librarian—one who love s

books, who will work, will keep pace with the times, and one who can cultivate in boys and girls a discriminating love of good books.

3. The Right Books. This is the third great essential of library

success, and a most important one. If we want to bring about

good reading habits among young or old, we must offer them books first of all that they will read, and second, that will do some good when they are read. The book shower method of supplying a library, is a proved failure. We need not expect to get

many choice books by gleaning from the homes. People have

very few books to give away; and not many can afford to give

their best. It is wrong to try to rob the homes to make a public

library. It may be, of course, that some homes have a choice

book or set of books which is of use no longer in the home, that would do good in a library; if the owner desires to give it, all

right. But to make a library dependent for its reading material

on such book collections, is to kill its influence at the very outset.

A few really choice books that have been proved successful is the collection to start out with. Get a cash donation. Spend

it under wise direction. If you need expert help, ask the library

commission, and it will be freely, cheerfully given. Then add a

few good books every month or oftener. Keep the library fresh

and growing. Let people know by bulletins and notices in the

will come tolocal paper when new books arrive—and the readers

you faster than they can be supplied. Live libraries managed by

live librarians, and kept open, sun or shower, during the hours when people can best visit them, will certainly succeed.

And now a word as to the gymnasium side of the question.

This part of the work we know is a more perplexing problem It has not been worked out as fully as has the library. Yet it has

been made, by such organizations as the Y. M. C. A. and the schools,

to succeed splendidly.

Think of the gymnasium not merely as a basketball room, or a drillhall. It should be a home for the boys—or athletic headTHE LIBRARYGYMNASIUM. 445

quarters. Rest rooms, supplied with books, magazines, stereoscopic pictures, and wholesome, quiet games, should be among its

attractions. The gymnasium should also give opportunity for

meeting of athletic commit'ees, teams, etc. It may and should

provide basket ball rooms, equipped with gymnastic apparatus; and

there should, if possible, be provided shower and plunge baths.

There might be a bowling alley and such other attractive games as can be managed well and kept wholesome.

If such a house u provided and is placed under the wise well as lifedirection of a real boyleader—one who has sense as

one whom the boys respect and follow with instinctive trust, then it will succeed. It can hardly fail. And we can develop such

directors if we try.

All these things cannot, of course, be had at once, but a lead toward them can be made, and should be made as soon as the time is ripe. Let your community get together. Do not attempt to

split up and run things in any "onehorse"fashion. Here is one

thing on which all creeds and parties, all business and social interests can unite. Get together. Decide according to local conditions the best plan to pursue, and follow it. If the school is

best prepared to take the lead, all right, if the town government is able and most ready to go ahead, then let the town take the burden. If there are strong, live organizations that can best bring

about the results we seek, then give them the right of way and get in behind to push for them.

If by cooperation of all the forces the result can be brought about, let the forces be joined. It is a cause that belongs to all

the saving of our youth—the redeeming of the desert wastes of

better, more wholesome pleasures forhumanity—the providing of

all.

University of Utah.

The Thing Worth While.

"The longer I live and the more experience I have of the world, the more I am convinced that, after all, the one thing that is most worth living for—and dying for, if need be—is the opportunity of making some one else more happy and more useful."

Up from Slavery, Booker T. Washington.

Hospitality to Missionaries.

BY ANDREW JENSON, PRESIDENT OF THE SCANDINAVIAN MISSION.

The Scandinavian people, from times immemorial, have sustained a very high reputation for hospitality to strangers, a trait of character undoubtedly inherited from their

Israelitish forefathers; for it is a well

established fact that the inhabitants of the land of Canaan were especially hospitable to the strangers within their gates in ancient days. The

elders who labored in the Scandinavian mission at an early day could travel almost without purse or scrip (like the disciples of Christ in Palestine), among the peasantry of the country. This has been modified

somewhat of late years, owing, perAndrew Jenson, President of tQ the fact that SQ many Ameri the Scandinavian Mission. Engligh and

have traveled so extensively in these lands, and spoiled the people in these respects by their extreme liberality in offering payment for every service. Especially is this true on the western coast of

Norway. And yet, our elders are even now treated with much

kindness and hospitality. The accompanying picture shows a group

of elders (six in number) being entertained by a family of Saints in Aalborg, Denmark. At the head of the table sit the host

and hostess. Standing by them is their pretty little daughter who

is waiting at the table. The three brethren at the left are Elders

James A. Johnsen. Isaac A. Jensen and Andrew Jenson. On the

HOSPITALITY TO MISSIONARIES. 447

opposite side of the table are Elders Hans Mikkelsen, Charles H.

Sorensen and James Jensen. The host, Brother Madsen, is a new

convert, who for years before he joined the Church was kind and hospitable to the missionaries. When elders are far away from

their wives, children, fathers, mothers, brothers and sisters, and other true and devoted friends, in the dear land of the West where the Saints of God dwell, they fully appreciate any kindness and hospitality extended to them. For, as a rule, their friends are

few, and their enemies many.

A party of six Elders entertained at lunch by a family of Saints in the

City of Aalborg, Denmark.

In many places in these northern countries we have a class of middleaged and elderly sisters whom we affectionately call "missionary mothers."They exercise goodwill and charity towards

the missionary, assist him in many little ways, thus making it easier for him to stand the temporary loss of friends at home. The

elder therefore feels from the bottom of his heart to say, "God bless our missionary mothers."

Copenhagen, Denmark.

Missions of Australia and Pacific Islands.

BY DR. SEYMOUR B. YOUNG, PRESIDENT OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF

SEVENTY.

The mission to Australia was opened in 1849, when President

Brigham Young sent Elders Alva Hanks and Augustus Farnum, as advance messengers from Salt Lake valley, to that distant field of labor. Elder Hanks lost his life on the return voyage, but Elder

Farnum returned safely home, after a lengthy mission in that far distant land. In the year about 1875, Isaac Groo, John M. Young

and several others were sent as missionaries to Australia, to carry the gospel message. They were not, however, as successful in

making converts and establishing branches of the Church as the missionaries have been since that day.

Australia is the largest island in the world, and is properly named the "Island Continent."It measures 2,500 miles in length,

from east to west, and 1,950 miles in breadth, and contains an area of three million square miles, nearly as large as the United

States of America, leaving out Alaska. It is surrounded, on the

west, by the Indian ocean, on the east by the South Pacific sea, on the north, and separating it from New Guinea, by the Torez strait, eighty miles wide, and on the south by the Bass strait, one hundred and forty miles in width, dividing it from Tasmania.

The island of Tasmania, formerly known as Van Diemen's

Land, though discovered at an earlier date, was more thoroughly explored by Tasma, a celebrated navigator, in 1861.

Owing to the position of these islands, being situated at the antipodes of the civilized world, the region has longer been the terra incognita or Ultima Thule than any other part of the western world.

MISSIONS OF AUSTRALIA AND PACIFIC ISLANDS. 449

New Zealand, another large island, lies twelve hundred miles east of the southeast coast of Australia, while the islands of Samoa are situated eighteen hundred miles east of Australia.

This portion of our globe, known as Australasia, and comprising the island continent of New Guinea, Australia, Tasmania and

New Zealand, is set, as its name implies, south of Asia. In its

archipelago are New Britain, Solomon Islands, New Hebrides,

Loyalty Islands, and New Caledonia.

Australia was known as New Holland for many years after its discovery by the Dutch, in 1605. On the island of Australia

proper, we have the following subdivisions or states: North

Australia, including the Tropic of Capricorn; and western Australia, with its capital city of Perth; South Australia, with the

city of Adelaide as its capital; and eastern Australia, or New

South Wales, with Victoria as its capital city; Southeastern

Australia with Melbourne as its capital; and just north of New

South Wales lies Queensland, with Brisbane as its capital city.

These great cities of Australia, above named, with those of Tasmania and New Zealand, form the greater portion of our extreme

Southern Pacific Mission, and are our missionary headquarters of the Australian and New Zealand missions. Looking from the

southeast coast of Australia directly south 140 miles across the

Bass Strait we see Tasmania. Its capital city is Hobart. Then

southeast 1,200 miles onto New Zealand, capital city, Auckland, and east 1,800 miles to Samoa; and in all these four great groups

of islands, in their capital cities, we have missionary headquarters.

Then further west we have the Society Islands, with missionary headquarters at Tahiti; and the Hawaiian or Sandwich Islands

northeast from Tahiti.

Australia was successfully explored from south to north by a

Mr, Stuart, making his third venturesome journey of discovery, starting from Adelaide in 1865 and crossing the Island of Australia to the Indian ocean. Since that time the electric telegraph line from Adelaide to Melbourne, Sidney, and other Australian cities, has been established along this route marked by Mr.

Stuart.

The greater cities of Australia and Tasmania, with the exception of Adelaide, were founded by the convicts that were shipped 450 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

from Great Britain, beginning in 1803; and continuing without

interruption until 1836, consisting of political and poaching convict prisoners, and these island cities became the Botany Bay for convicc colonies from 1803 to 1865,when great Britain ceased altogether sending convicts and criminals to Australia and Tasmania, as a better class of people were settling up these two great countries, and the descendants of the original citizens were found to be good, reliable citizens.

The Society and Sandwich Islands were discovered by Captain

Cook, and explored by him toward the close of the eighteenth century.

We have a missionary headquarters at Sidney, with C. A.

Orme as president, and fortyfour missionaries; another one at Aukland, New Zealand, with George Bowles, president, and fiftythree

missionaries; another at Apia, Samoa, with William A. Moody

president, and nineteen missionaries; also missionary headquarters

at Tahiti, Society Islands, with William A. Seegmiller, president,

and twelve missionaries; also on the Hawaiian Islands, with Samuel E. Woolley, president, with twentyfour missionary elders, four

lady missionaries, and two native missionaries. This mission has a

large sugar plantation, making it selfsustaining. The sugar plantation, as well as the missionaries are under the direction and

charge of President W'oolley.

On Van Diemen's Land, or the Island of Tasmania, a penal colony was established as early as 1803. The intention of Great

Britain was to colonize the more dangerous political prisoners of her realm, more especially the Irish rebels of 1798, upon this island. For almost a quarter of a century it was known as a convict settlement under the immediate control of the Governor of

New South Wales. In 1810 the population of this island numbered only 1,300 souls. Bush ranging was rife, and there was no

guarantee of safety for life or property. In 1825 Van Diemen's

land had reached a population of 8,000, was separated from New

South Wales, and made a separate colony under the governorship of Sir George Arthur, who continued to control until 1836. He

was an autocrat and a very strict disciplinarian, at times, maybe too severe, but his discipline seemed necessary to control the convicts, and to protect the colony and prepare it for the near future hwen the good among the convicts should be permitted to domMISSIONS OF AUSTRALIA AND PACIFIC ISL u\DS. 451

inate. This brought about an uplift of the general situation, and

opened the way for a cessation of convict transportation to that colony, which was practically realized in 1837. During these

years of expansion and trial there was almost a constant war waged against the natives. This was called the Black War. An

attempt was made by the white people to establish a cordon across the island and hem in the natives, but peaceful measures prevailed with them, and by a treaty the natives were finally relegated to

Flinders'Island.

Sir John Franklin, of arctic exploration fame, succeeded Sir

George Arthur as governor, and the emigration of free people was encouraged. Thus for years the struggle continued against convict transportation. At length a league was formed by the other

colonies, and in 1850 the iniquitous system that England had established of transporting convicts to Van Diemen's land ceased, and in order to efface the stigma attached to the island because of the terrible cruelties inflicted upon the convicts of earlier years of this penal settlement, the name was changed from Van Diemen's land to Tasmania, in honor of the great explorer Tasman.

The wonder is that these penal stations were not broken up long before the mandate was made for their abolishment. The

settlement of South Australia was, however, an exception to the convict rule. Here no penal colony was established, but a number of London gentlemen secured a grant of a large tract of

land from the government of Great Britain. Permission to enlist

volunteers from the wellto-do classes of Great Britain to purchase this land in small farms for about twelve shillings per acre was obtained, and the money thus secured from the sale of this land, was used in paying the passage of these volunteers, consisting of laboring men and women, to this new colony. These immigrants

were not only paid liberal wages for cultivating the land, but were allowed to purchase a few acres so that very early in its history the tillers of the soil became the owners thereof, and a measure was introduced into Parliament by the originators of the colony (and this measure soon became a law), that no poacher or political offender or person convicted of any misdemeanor or crime should be sent there. Hence the capital city, named Adelaide, became

from the first a prosperous city, and was settled by a superior 452 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

class to those who had settled Sidney or Brisbane or Melbourne or any part of Tasmania.

It mattered little in early times in what part of the island of

Van Diemen these convicts were located. There was no difference

in the punishments and cruelties inflicted upon them, and it would be a stretch of the imagination to suppose that greater cruelties were ever perpetrated in Siberia. Weighted down with heavy

chains, which made walking almost impossible, the convict was made to toil in the woods near by his prison from day to day and from month to month. If he complained of illness, he was accused

of malignering, and his complaint only increased the brutality of his jailer, until worn out with lashings and solitary confinement and starvation, he sunk down and died, hailing death as a welcome relief from his cruel master. Flogging was given with a catof-

nine tails, a cruel whip with nine leather thongs attached to a stock, each thong tipped with metal, so that when applied to the naked and bent back, small pieces of flesh would be gouged out of the poor sufferer's body at every blow from these cruel lashes. Then

as a sequel to the lashing, solitary confinement without food was added to the poor sufferer's misery, and if he survived these measures, in many instances he only waited an opportunity to pounce upon his jailer and strangle him to death, knowing for this he would be immediately executed by hanging, but preferring this ignominious death, to his life of torture. The motto of the convicts became

"Anywhere, anywhere, to get out of the world."It must also be

remembered that these convicts were not all criminals, but in many cases political offenders, and in others, men who were sent for life to these penal colonies because they had stolen a rabbit from the forest or game preserves of some English baron, in many cases hunger prompting them to make the theft.

"It is with shame,"says a wellknown writer, "one has to admit that such cruelties were not only possible under the convict system, but that for so many years the people of Great Britain were the instigators of convict colonies, which made it possible for their agents, appointed as jailers over these unfortunate people, with a few honorable exceptions—to torture and kill them

according to their own depraved dispositions—so that Australia

and Van Diemen's land, with their penal colonies, became the dread and scourge of the British nation."

Salvation Universal.

BY JOSEPH F. SMITH, JR., ASSISTANT CHURCH HISTORIAN.

V.

How great is the responsibility of the Latterday Saints! No

wonder the theme occupied the prophet's mind so constantly, just before his death, for upon the Saints devolves the labor of this universal redemption! Is not this the greatest, most glorious

duty in the world? How terrible would be the consequences should

we fail! The earth would be smitten with a curse, and utterly

wasted. The work of all the dispensations would be lost, the dead

as well as the living would be denied salvation. Anarchy, confusion, even chaos, would reign supreme: for this salvation must

come by our endeavors, and we cannot fail. Individuals may fail

to do their part, and be rejected for their failure, but the work of the Lord shall go on and increase from day to day, until redemption of the dead shall be accomplished.

If all the righteous blood from the days of Abel to the days of

Zecharias, was required of the Jews in the days of Christ, because they neglected to do their duty in this regard, is it unreasonable to suppose that the blood of all the righteous from the beginning to the present day will be required of this generation? For

our privileges are not only as great, but greater than those of the

Jews in the meridian of time. Therefore it behooves each one of

us to rid our garments of the blood of this generation by performing all our duties required in the gospel.

If this work must be performed for the dead from the beginning to the end of time, Inw is it to be done? It is an exceptional case when a family record can be traced beyond the fif454 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

teenth century with any degree of accuracy, and most all of those that can, merely give the name of the father and firstborn son, or the name of the one inheriting the estate. In extent of time three

or four hundred years is but a moment. What, then, are we to do

for the great multitudes of our kindred who antedate the fifteenth or sixteenth centuries, whose records were never kept, and consequently we cannot obtain? Will the Lord hold us accountable for

these diad, and punish us for not doing their work, when we are powerless to act? Not in the least. The Lord requires of us that

we do all we can, no more than that. He will assist us if we will

try, and the way will be opened before us, as has been the case in innumerable instances, so that we can accomplish a great deal more than we at first think we can. There is enough that we can

do for the dead, from the records which can be obtained today, to fill a hundred temples daily, and then we would not be through, at the rate we are working, before Christ will come to reign.

We are expected to save as many as we possibly can with the knowledge we possess, and when the Redeemer comes to reign on earth, there will be a closer communication between the mortal and the resurrected Saints who will work hand in hand in the redemption of the dead. Those who have passed beyond will then be

in a position to furnish to their mortal kin all necessary names for temple work: and thus the labor for their salvation will be facilitated and more accurately done than it possibly can be done

today.

Even now hundreds of thousands of records have been prepared, the names of many millions of souls have been published and are accessible to the members of the Church. Each year new

genealogical records are being prepared in vast numbers more rapidly than we can do the work. And the Saints, with all their

diligence, are not doing all that could be done. Comparatively,

we are few in numbers, and the capacity of our four temples, limited, but we should increase the work by increasing the number of workers. When the present temples will not accomodate all

who desire to attend, the Lord will require that other temples be erected.

There are in the Church toiiy over fortyone thousand, seven hundred men holding the Melchizedek Priesthood, and every faithful

SALVATION UNIVERSAL. 455

elder has access to the temples. Suppose that each of the forty -

one thousand, seven hundred elders should go to one of the temples one day each month—and where they cannot go, they might

send and have the work done for them—what would be the result?

The work would be done for five hundred thousand each year. If

an equal number of sisters would do the same, there would be one million souls endowed every year. If we spent one day each

month in the temples saving our dead, just twelve days out of the three hundred and sixtyfive of the year, brethren and sisters, would any of us be doing more than our share? Could we even

feel that we were doing our full duty, when the responsibility given us is so great, and "the Saints have not too much time to save and redeem their dead and gather together their living relatives, that they may be saved also before the earth will be smitten, and the consummation decreed falls upon the world? Suppose we

did all this each year, in the course of a century we would have endowed one hundred million souls, which is about the present population of the United States, and a very small part of the work for those whose records we may now obtain. In the library of the

inGenealogical Society of Utah—which society was organized

1894 as an aid to the Saints who desire to do temple work—situated in the Historian's office, Salt Lake City, we have on file hundreds of records, containing millions of names that have been collected from the parish registers and other records both in the

United States and Europe. These are accessible, and many are

obtaining from them the names of their dead and performing in the temples the work that will merit them a place in the kingdom of God.

Again, suppose each one of us should fill out one baptismal blank of twenty names, and send it to the temple every month, it would mean that over twenty million, sixteen thousand baptisms would be performed each twelve months. Suppose we sent such a list

but twice a year,we would then baptize three million, three hundred and thirtysix thousand souls each year. Is this more than we

ought to do? Is it more than we are capable of doing? It certainly is a great deal more than we are doing; and, too, there are

many individuals who are baptizing more than twenty every monthIf a few can do it, why can not all? The fact is, this question has

456 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

not appealed to many of us, we have been so busy in other pursuits, principally in the accumulation of worldly goods that we cannot carry with us, that we have had no time or inclination to do the work for our dead. If one hundredth part of the energy expended

by the members of the Church in other ways were directed in the channel of temple work where it properly belongs, we could accomplish a great deal more work than we are now doing for the salvation of the dead.

But one will say: ''I have done the work for all my ancestors

of whom I have any knowledge. My genealogy can only be traced

to my great grandfather, beyond that all is dark. How can I be

baptized each year for twenty, forty, sixty, or more of my dead when we haven't their records?"To such a person I reply: If you

have done the work for all your known dead, and your record cannot be traced but one or two generations, you still have the privilege of assisting your neighbor who lacks sufficient help and therefore cannot do the work for all his dead. Assist him and assist

the temples with your financial as well as your moral support, and the way may be opened before you that you can obtain more knowledge of your own dead.

There is one thing of importance, however, we must keep in mind. No person has a right to select names promiscuously of any

family, and go to the temple to perform the work for them. This

cannot be tolerated, for it would lead to confusion and duplication of work. Let each family do the work for their own dead kindred,

as they may have the right, and if they do work for others, it must be at the instance and with the consent of the living relatives who are immediately concerned. A few individuals have

desired to do the work for men of renown, generals, presidents, magistrates, and others who have risen to prominent stations in the world. One object they apparently have in view is that they

may say they have done the work for such and such persons. But

there is an order in this work, as in all things pertaining to the gospel, and in no case should work be done in this manner, unless the circumstances are such that proper sanction of the temple authorities can be given.

We are also troubled at times by what are known as "linkmen,"individuals in the world who manufacture names so that

SALVATION UNIVERSAL. 457

they can complete unbroken a family line. This is done for the

purpose of making money, and is, of course, knavery of the worst kind. Those who are guilty of this trickery do not understand

salvation for the dead, and may not fully realize the wickedness of such a course.

Latterday Saints should be accurate in their recording, and not depend entirely on the temple records for a history of their work. Temple record books are prepared for the use of the Saints

so that each family may keep their own record of their dead. This

should be done that the record may be handed down from generation to generation. Remember it is out of the records that the

dead are to be judged. We should be orderly in all things, and

strive to get the spirit of the work, live our religion and work out our own salvation by assisting in the salvation of our dead, for we without them cannot be made perfect.

In the words of the prophet, I shall conclude,

Brethren, shall we not go on in so great a cause? Go forward and

not backward. Courage, brethren; and on, on to the victory! Let your

hearts rejoice, and be exceedingly glad. Let the earth break forth into

singing. Let the dead speak forth anthems of eternal praise to the King

Immanuel, who hath ordained before the world was, that which would enable us to redeem them out of their prison; for the prisoners shall go

free.* [the end.]

Habit.

A thought, a deed—my spirit is strong!

To the voice of conscience I say "be still,"

And then—ah then the evil is done:

Habit has fettered the giant Will.

But Will is king, though held in thrall,

And perseverance his fetter breaks,

And when he conquers Habit bold,

Of her a docile slave he makes.

Maud Baggarley

* Doc. and Cov. 128: 22.

Editor's Table.

Clean Dramatic Amusements.

Amusements people will have. It is needful and right that

these should be provided. Giving the people proper dramatic

entertainment was an early desire of President Brigham Young.

This idea was at the basis of the building of the Salt Lake Theatre, a playhouse many years in advance of the community, when it was first erected. He encouraged dramatic art among the people, and

was ambitious to make the stage a means of social uplift and intellectual development. Like dancing, which he and the authorities of the Church after him permitted, the drama was to be a

means of betterment for the person through recreation, entertainment and amusement. It was to be clean and elevating,—the

theatre a place where you could go for high class enjoyment, and even where you could ask the blessings of the Lord upon what you learned and thought and saw. "Those who cannot serve God with

a pure heart in the dance, should not dance,"said President

Young on one occasion. Not with decent people, at least. Then

again: "If you wish to dance, dance, and you are just as much

prepared for a prayer meeting after dancing as ever you were, if you are Saints."

These words apply also to the theatre, and, in fact, to all our amusements. When we seek recreation anywhere it should be in

this spirit,—not alone in dances, summer outings, and private or

public parties, but also in the theatre.

In order, however, to maintain this spirit in our social and amusement circles, choice of our associates, to some extent, and a guarding of our actions, in a degree, are needful and very importEDITOR'S TABLE. 459

ant. This is quite as true of the theatre. There is as much need

of our choosing plays as of choosing books, friends, and associates. If one accept an invitation to a party, or a home evening, or a dinner, one must first know from whom the invitation

comes, and if it turn out that the source is low and infamous, the society coarse, and the food and drinks unfit, one must, in justice to his character and physical welfare, refuse the entertainment.

Equally so with the theatre. There is as much need to exercise

good taste in choosing matter for our entertainment in the drama, as in choosing honorable society and pure food. It must be said with

regret that much of the entertainment offered to us and our children on the stage and in the amusement hall, these days, is morally and intellectually unfit.

What was recently said at Denver, in a sermon by Dr. Vosburg, applies with force in Salt Lake City, and perhaps in the

western cities and settlements generally. He spoke on the

"Undressed Drama,"and in the course of a scathing sermon said:

It is an undeniable fact that a large proportion of the plays offered at the theatres today are intellectually imbecile and morally degrading.

Just as high toned moral and spiritual teaching creates better citizens, so does the undressed drama make worse citizens, and become the logical feeder of the red light district. It is a curse to civilization, an enemy of the home and of mankind.

The Denver News agrees with him. and declares that he does

not overstate the case, for a large part of the plays which are offered today are "hurrahs for the tenderloin, glorifications for the scarlet woman, proclamations that dramatic art depends upon an absence of decency, and as nearly as possible an absence of clothes."The drama of the day and the prevailing moving picture

and vaudeville shows, it may be added, are as untrue to life as they are indecent. "They picture the dive as the home of wit,

instead of being the abiding place of dullness."They paint

"happiness growing from the soil that nourishes half our suicides, and defy not only every law of decency, but every fact of life—

and indeed to do the one they must do the other."

The managers and players seem to have forgotten that decency pays, or else public teste is so low and degraded that this 460 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

statement is no longer a fact. There is more reason to believe, however, that the public take what is provided for them, and that

decency pays, even in the theatre, if it were given a reasonable chance. It pays in hotels, in resident districts, in the better

walks of life, where the vicious and evil are not tolerated, why not in the theatre?

But if managers and players still persist in presenting either unfit subjects, or fit subjects in an unfit way, why there is only one remedy, and that is for the people to withdraw their support, and patronize only such plays and playhouses as are clean and wholesome. This can be done by their making selection, as one would

select a friend, an associate, or a book.

Degrading plays, it is 'true, should not be permitted in the theatres and amusement halls of the Latterday Saints, but if for any reason they gain entrance, the people, by a system of investigation and choice, should shun them, withdraw thir patronage, and let them as severely alone as they would spoiled food, or.coarse, vile associates.

The character and value of the play and the entertainment are well given by President Young in the opening sentence of this article. They should be clean, refined and uplifting. Can you, if

you are a Latterday Saint, apply the test that he gave to dancing to what you have seen and heard and thought and learned in the play and entertainment? Can you ask the blessings of the Lord

upon your efforts to obtain recreation, entertainment and amusement from them? If so, they are clean and sweet and worthy of

your patronage; if not, they are neither fit for you nor your children. But it is your duty to choose before you accept them, or

permit yourself or your children to attend.

Joseph F. Smith.

An Easter Prayer.

Make us strong, God, to overcome daily difficulties by faith.

Such faith as gives us will and strength to act right towards our loved ones; to render loving service to all mankind. Open the

understanding of our minds to clearly comprehend the wonderful

EDITOR'S TABLE. 461

sacrifice of thy Son. He hath redeemed our souls through the

resurrection. We have found life everlasting in his unselfish

death. Help us cheerfully to learn wisdom through diligence on

our part, and by obedience to thy law, for so shall we rejoice in thy blessings, and be strong now and hereafter to help bear the burdens of the weak. As Jesus gained mastery over death through

pain and struggle, and without price wrought miracles of love and healing; so prepare us, in the midst of thy bounteous blessings,

or in the valley of the shadow of obstacles, hardships and sorrows, to remember his priceless service, that we may find strength to master fear and doubt and selfishness, and be able in our turn to give some comfort to the unfortunate. Help us to awake to the import of his mission, to gain a measure of his kingly spirit: "He

that believe th on me, the works that I do shall he do also; and

greater works than these shall he do,"that thus we may be urged to faith in the future, and to good deeds in this life. For this is

the promise: through the resurrection of Christ the mortal of the

workers of good shall put on immortality, and they shall rise to endless life and happiness. As in nature we hear at this season

sounds all about us foreshadowing the marvelous reawakening of life, so fill thou our souls with this knowledge: there is a resurrection, the grave hath no victory, the sting of death is swallowed

up in Jesus Christ, the endless light and life of the world, that can never be darkened.

Messages from the Missions.

Elder Nephi J. Brown, writing from London, England, on January

17, says: "The missionary work in London is progressing nicely. We

are getting several good investigators to our meetings. A marked interest is taken in the M. LA. work. The senior manual for this season is

indeed excellent. The comments of non-'Mormons'in regard to it are

very favorable.''

Elders Erastus Johnson and Edward P. Makelprang, writing from

Aalesund branch, Bergen conference, Norway, January 8, express thanks for the Era which arrives at the lodge monthly and is read with inter462 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

est and pleasure. "We desire the portrait of the primary department of

our Sunday school in print. Many of the Saints of this branch live out

in the country, hence all the children are not on the photo. The true

and everlasting work of our Heavenly Father is progressing in this part of his vineyard."

PRIMARY DEPARTMENT, AALESUND SUNDAY SCHOOL, NORWAY.

K. N. Winnie andE. G. Cannon writing from Nome, Alaska, November 15, 1909, say: "We are holding meetings here as usual, but infidelity is increasing, and it seems very difficult to reach the churchgoers.

The pleasures of this world seem to be allsatisfying to hundreds of the population in this city, but we are not going to give up the fight, but rather continue to send out our warning voices while we are here. We

are indeed watchmen on the wall of the city, but 'who hath believed our report?'Only very few so far, but, as the scriptures say: If we labor

all our lives and bring but one soul into the kingdom of God, how great shall be our rejoicing. There is nothing in all this unbelieving world that

we would take in exchange for the light and knowledge that we receive through obedience to the Gospel. We pray that our Father may conEDITOR'S TABLE. 463

tinue to use the Era as an agent in dispensing the great truths which he is revealing in these latterdays."

On January 1516 a conference was held at Kelsey, Texas, attended by Mission President S. 0. Bennion and President C. H. Hart, of the

First Council of Seventy. On this occasion the new church of the Kelsey branch was dedicated. The Kelsey branch is one of the largest

branches of the Church outside of the stakes of Zion, the colony numbering some five hundred people. President C. H. Hart offered the dedicatory prayer. The church building is very prominently located on a

hill in the center of Kelsey. It is fifty feet wide by eightyfive feet

long, having a seating capacity in the main auditorium of six hundred.

The rostrum for the presiding elders and the choir will seat fifty people.

The building besides has four class rooms that will seat fifty people each.

The structure is of frame, lined with brick, and cost approximately $6,400. Elders Archie Frame and Benjamin F. Le Baron had charge of

the work, assisted by other elders and local brethren. Well seated, and

well lighted throughout with gas, it is a very commodious and comfortable building, and a credit to Kelsey ward, as well as to all Latterday Saints. The Relief Society purchased the new organ and a beautiful

silver sacrament set.

In the Wisconsin conference of the Northern States mission there is a spirit of inquiry from every side. The German speaking people

seem willing to accept the gospel, and they make good, sturdy Latterday Saints.

President C. L. Reuckert, of the Milwaukee branch, who was called

to preside there after filling a mission, has been in the Northern States seven years. Since his release from regular missionary work, he has

gone into business at Milwaukee, and the Lord is prospering him and the branch under his presidency. The names of the persons in the picture

are: Upper row, from left to right: R. F. Shumway, Clarkston; Jos. A.

Orgill, Daniels; L. C. Montgomery, Heber; Alonzo Mackay, Calder's Station, all of Utah; Jno. S. Morgan, Liberty, Idaho; J. T. Durrant, Porterville; Jos. Kutschal, Salt Lake City. Second row: Z. M. Chapman, Bluewater, N. M.; L. C. Larsen, Salt Lake City; Jno. R. Bingham, Trenton,

Utah; E. D. Shawcroft, La Jara, Colo.; Sister. Maeser (student) Sister

.Anna Hindley, American Fork (lady missionary); Sister Jane Nelson,

Salt Lake City, (lady missionary); W. G. Palmer, Preston, Idaho; F. B.

C. Scheidig, Salt Lake City. Third row: J. C. Keller, Manti, Utah; W.

H. Meacham, Lago, Idaho; H. M. Olmstead, Darby, Idaho; Conf. Pres,

George E. Liljenquist, Hyrum, Utah; Mission Sec'y- D. A. Latimer,

Granger, Utah; E. M. Crawford, Manti, Utah; W. D. Baird, Mink Creek.

Idaho; R. Maeser, (student).

Priesthood Quorums'Table.

Important Class Organization of Seventies.—On Wednesday

evening, February 9, at 8 p. m., an important class was organized, composed of presidents of seventies and class teachers belonging to the quorums of seventy located in, and near, Salt Lake City. The class will

meet every Wednesday night, at 8 p. m., in a very desirable hall, on the

fourth floor of the splendid new "Bishop's Building."The hall will seat

very comfortably about seventyfive persons. The object of the organization is to give presidents and class teachers an opportunity of studying

the lessons outlined in the Third Year Book of the Seventies Course in

Theology. Elder B. H. Roberts, of the First Council of Seventy, will be

in charge of the class, which is a guarantee that all who attend will obtain a comprehensive understanding of the lessons that are to be studied by the seventies during the present year. Visiting presidents of seventy

who may be in Salt Lake City on any Wednesday night, will be made welcome at the class meetings. Presidents of quorums within easy reach of

the meeting place, are urged to see that the same splendid attendance present at the opening meeting, shall be present regularly. Constant

attendance at these preparation meetings will prove of great assistance to the quorums that have representatives earnestly engaged in the class work.

Transfer Certificates.—An elder from Burtner, Utah, enquires

relative to elders'transfers from one quorum to another: "Some quorums receive an elder after he has been duly received as a member of the

ward, the elder presenting his certificate of ordination to the president of the quorum he wishes to join; while other quorums require a certificate

of membership issued by the president or clerk of the quorum from which the elder came. Elders have been deprived of membership in quorums

of which they should have been members, for years, by reason of not being able to obtain a recommend from the quorum of which they have been members. Please give definite instruction in regard to this matter."

466 1MPR0 VEMENT ERA

We think that paragraph 89 of the Annual Instructions, 1910, by the Presiding Bishopric is full and to the point:

When a person is ordained to an office in the priesthood he is entitled to a certificate of ordination which he should carefully preserve.

Whenever necessary it should be presented to the proper authority as an evidence of his ordination and accepted by the quorum having jurisdiction in the ward or stake where he resides; and he should be permitted to

join that quorum without any recommendation from the quorum where he formerly resided, provided he has been accepted as a member of the ward. If he does not possess a certificate of ordination, and the recommend upon which he was received in the ward gives his priesthood and

last ordination, it should be accepted as evidence that he holds that office, and he should be admitted to fellowship in the quorum, provided there is no evidence to the contrary.

Council of the Value of a Schedule of Meeting Topics.—The

Seventyseventh quorum of seventy, Ogden, have issued, in leaflet form, a schedule of lesson topics, embracing all the meetings to be held from

January 10, to December 26, 1910. Each member of the quorum has

been supplied with a copy, thus having always at hand correct information of the lesson to be considered each week. The presidents of this

quorum discovered that it was not uncommon for members, through absence from a meeting or from home, or for other cause, to be unable at times to take active part in the lesson discussion, since they had lost track of the lesson. The schedule enables each member, even though a

break has occurred in his attendance, always to know what lesson to prepare for any given night. The Seventyseventh council expect that the

schedule will cause a greater proportion of members to be prepared in lesson work. It is suggested to other presidents that it might be helpful

to adopt this system, or some other, to help members to keep posted on the lesson to be studied for any particular date. Following is a sample

of the information contained in the leaflet

Mar. 7, Lesson 9. Special Lesson. Discourse. (Quorum meeting).

The Latterday Saints'superior grounds for faith in the existence of God.

Mar. 14, Lesson 10. The Limitations of our Revelations.

Mar. 21, Lesson 11. Ancient conceptions of God.

Mar. 28, Lesson 12. Ancient Conceptions of God. (Continued).

In this manner the lessons are outlined for the entire year.

All presidents should be equally active, with those of the Seventyseventh quorum, contriving plans that will help bring success to their quorums President's council meetings should be held regularly. In

these, the needs of the quorums may be discussed, and such plans put in motion as may be impressed upon the minds of presidents by the Spirit of the Lord.

PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS TABLE. 467

Priesthood Quorums the Means of Fellowship and Fraternity.—In this light the members of the quorums are scarcely taking

advantage of the splendid opportunities offered. Think of i-t, now! Are

you quite as close to the brethren of your quorum as you might be, both to your own and to their benefit in countless ways? If not, why notLesson seven of the Elders'course, this year, points to the fact that there

is no other one means more favorable to true development than the quorum. Then it explains that in the quorum we have fellowship, fraternity

and progressive study; and in addition, as a guiding, uplifting influence

pervading all this, the members are entitled to the Holy Ghost. We may

well ask whether the quorum members are making the most of these advantages; and also call attention to the opportunity the quorums present

for the exercise of the legitimate desire for companionship, and brotherly love, and for the intellectual and spiritual progress of its members. Are the

members making use of these chances? Unless occasion is taken to grasp

them, opportunities slip by to no purpose. It requires effort and diligent

application to gain knowledge and power, so also to get the best results out of our quorum association. "Fellowship, fraternity, spiritual growth."

Let us introduce habits into our lives that will foster these virtues.

What habits? Cleanliness of body and mind, cheerfulness, consideration

for another's feelings, harmony, thorough preparation of lessons, helpfulness, and then by doing something for the ward, not only as individuals, but as a quorum. To get the best out of fellowship and fraternity, as out of life, and to increase spiritual growth, the individual

must put forth effort to cheerfully and intellectually help and serve his ftllows.

Slogan—A Year Book in the Hands of Every Seventy—An

Outline in the Hands of Every High Priest and Elder.—In some

instances there appears to be a lack of appreciation for the splendid Year

Book, that has been prepared for the quorums of seventy. The First

Council have had ten thousand of these books published, in order that every seventy in the Church may be in possession of a copy. Occasionally

presidents seem to think that if a majority of the members of a quorum purchase books, that should be satisfactory. It is the judgment of the

presiding council that every seventy should purchase the work. Any

member of a quorum who has not interest enough to take the Year Book, must be in a bad state spiritually, and in great need of special attention from the quorum council. In some cases members are prevented through

absence from home, tnd other causes, from being in attendance at quorum meetings; such absence or other obstacle, should not be considered

a reason for not studying the Year Book. Brethren who cannot attend

168 IMPR VEMENT ERA.

quorum meetings should be desirous of keeping in touch with quorum work. Thiscan be done by giving an hour or two each week to a study

of the work that has been prepared. The cost of the Year Book is so

trifling that no one could advance that as a reason for not being loyal to their quorum text book. Brethren who do not have the book are entirely

unacquainted with the value of the lessons that have been prepared.

They need converting. Let the slogan in every council be: A Year Book

in the hands of every member. Members of quorums, no matter how isolated, or in what employment, should be taught to keep in step with the

quorum organization to which they belong. This can be done by studying

the Year Book in whatever work, or place one may be.

What is here said to the seventies applies with equal force to the high priests and elders. Because the bishops are not, perhaps, as persistent in insisting that the brethren of tlnse quorums shall be in possession of the outlines as in the case of priests, teachers and deacons, is

no excuse for laxity on their part, in this respect. Brethren, study the

outlines with your quorums, if you have opportunity: but in all events read

them and keep up with the march of progress.

Marriage of Widows.—"If a woman is sealed to a man in the

temple for eternity, and the man, her husband, dies, and she marries again and has a family by a second husband, to which man do the children belong in the hereafter?

The children, according to the belief of the Latterday Saints, go with the mother, and she, of course, belongs to the man unto whom she was originally sealed for time and eternity. Her second marriage was for

time only.

Correction.—In the Seventies'third Year Book, p. 21, 4th and

5th lines from the bottom, appears an error in punctuation which entirely changes the meaning of the idea sought to be conveyed, making it contrary to "Mormon"doctrine: The sentence reads: "In both 'Mormon'

theism and 'Mormon'philosophy, matter is eternal force, the permanent element in causation, according to the suggestion of Mr. Mill, is eternal."

Place a semicolon after the first "eternal,"and the error is corrected:

"In both 'Mormon'theism and 'Mormon'philosophy matter is eternal;

force, ''etc.

Mutual Work.

M. I. A. Reading Room and Gymnasium in Logan.

Active labors in providing the young people of Logan with a public gathering place where they may find healthful physical exercise, social converse, as well as intellectual diversion, in the way of good current reading matter, has ended in most satisfactory results. The brethren and sisters

engaged in this work deserve commendation. Assistant Superintendent

Frederick Scholes, responding to a request, tells the Era of the efforts of the M. I. A. to establish this enterprise in Logan:

''Our first active steps, ''he writes, "were taken during the summer of 1908. At this time definite plans were agreed upon, and the approval of the.

Cache Stake presidency was obtained. We received substantial encouragement from a number of leading citizens of Logan, but on account of

a feeling that our plans were inadequate for the needs of the town, we were asked to desist our efforts for the time being. Notwithstanding this

setback, Superintendent A. E. Cranney, with undaunted energy, ably

seconded by members of his board, took the matter of our needs up with the General Board Y. M. M. I. A., and the encouragement we received

from that active and interested body gave us new courage, and through their efforts we had placed at our disposal the spacious and substantial building known as the Preston Block, situated in the central part of

Logan, close in to the business districts, an ideal location for our purpose.

Our aim is to provide an attractive rendezvous for the boys, especially those who are attracted from home influences to the alluring downtown districts. In our rooms we offer them not only good reading, clean

and attractive games, associations under more favorable environment, but we endeavor in this way to encourage and help them to more fully understand that, for 'a wise and glorious purpose, we have been placed here on earth,'and that 'The man who wins is the man who does.'

"We have fitted up three large rooms, as reading room, game room, and gymnasium, and have in contemplation the fitting up of another 470 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

large room for the exclusive use of the sisters. (The ladies will also

share and enjoy the other departments.)

''As in all enterprises of this character, the ladies proved themselves a tower of strength, for through their untiring efforts and cooperation the M. I. A. of the stake held successful bazaars and entertainments in

each ward, which netted for reading room purposes upwards of $1,000.

Public spirited citizens are contributing freely to the reading room, books, papers and leading magazines, and all interested feel much encouraged in the bright prospects for success in this feature of our work.''

Dramas for M. I. A.

From time to time there will be published in the Improvement Era titles of plays passed upon by the Committee on Music and Drama as suitable for production by members of the M. I. A. A few are here

presented from among those examined and approved. It is anticipated

that a copy of each play passed upon as acceptable will be kept in the office of the Era to be loaned for examination, when necessary, and returned to the office promptly. When copies are required for use by the

associations, the General Secretary, upon request, will furnish information as to where these can be purchased, in Salt Lake City. The usual

price of each copy is fifteen cents, except in the case of special plays and operettas, where the cost is greater. Local officers of the M. I. A. may

have plays of their own choosing examined and reported upon, and suggestions in the line of desirable pieces will be duly appreciated when forwarded to the General Board Committee on Music and Drama for consideration. The committee consists of Oscar A. Kirkham, Willard Done

and James H. Anderson, care Era office, Salt Lake City. Whenever

requested, the members of the committee, or either of them, will render such advice and assistance as may be practicable in the time at their disposal. The names of suitable pieces so far selected are:

Cricket on th, Hearth, or, a Fairy Tale of Home. Drama in three

acts, dramatized by Albert Smith, from Charles Dickens'story of the same name. Suitable for professionals and carefully drilled amateurs

Seven male.and eight female characters, besides fairies and neighbors.

Requires careful, yet not elaborate dressing. Costumes of seventy years

ago. Two interior scenes. Plays two hours.

Bread on the Waters. Drama in two acts by George M. Baker, suitable

for carefully drilled amateurs. Five male and three female characters

MUTUAL WORK. 471

all young people but two. Easily staged. Modern costumes. Two

interior scenes. Plays one hour and forty minutes.

The Berrypickers. A lively operetta for junior classes; requires at

least twentyfour, and would be better with double that number.

Dresses pretty, but not elaborate. Can be tastefully arranged with

little difficulty. One outdoor scene. Plays forty minutes. Makes an

excellent evening's entertainment in connection with such desirable short dramas for amateurs, as Bread on the Waters, Above the Clouds,

Among the Breakers, Down by the Sea, The Last Loaf, etc.

Our Boys. Comedy in three acts, by Henry J. Byron. Suitable

for professionals and carefully drilled amateurs. Six male four female

characters. Modern costumes. Scenery easily arranged. Three interior scenes. Plays two hours.

Comrades. Drama in three acts. Suitable for professionals and

carefully drilled amateurs. Four male, three female characters. Modern costumes. One interior scene, variations arranged with little

difficulty. Plays two hours.

Suggestions for Debates.

Before a debate, the two teams, or associations, or sides, should formulate a written agreement covering the following points:

1. The time and place of the contest.

2. The time for submitting the question and by which team it shall

be submitted.

3. The time for the team receiving the question to return its choice

of side. 4. The number of debaters on each side and the length and order

of their speeches.

5. The method of choosing judges.

The Committee on Debates, Contests and Lectures, consisting of Dr.

John A. Widtsoe, B. H. Roberts, Joseph F. Smith, Jr., A. W. Ivins, Edward H. Anderson, makes the following suggestions:

In selecting a question for debate care should be taken to choose a subject upon which difference of opinion may fairly exist, in fact one upon which public opinion is divided. Questions should be chosen, the

study of which will be worth the while of the debaters and the discussion of which will be beneficial and enlightening to the hearers.

Each team may consist of either two or three debaters. The contest

will probably be long enough with two on a side, 472 IMPRO VEMENT ERA

Principal speeches should be from ten to fifteen minutes in length.

A good order is as follows: first affirmative speaker, 15 minutes; first

negative, 15 minutes; second affirmative, 15 minutes; second negative,

20 minutes, 15 for his principal speech and 5 for closing rebuttal and summary for his side; followed by a fiveminute closing rebuttal by one

of the affirmative speakers. If desired the fiveminute closing rebuttal

may be given as a second speech to the first negative speaker instead of adding it to the time of the second speaker, but the affirmative must always close the debate.

Another plan which has some advantage over the first is to give each man a principal and a rebuttal speech.

No person should be retained as a judge who is not acceptable to both sides.

It should be the primary purpose of each team to present clearly and fairly the arguments for its side and to defend its position with as much information and logical argument as possible. This requires much careful study and preparation.

Mere assertion of one's own opinion has no argumentative force and should be avoided. Attempted flights of oratory should also be omitted.

It should not be forgotten that there are two sides to every controversy, and that there is room for perfectly honest and friendly differences of opinion on most questions.

The debates should be opened and closed by music and prayer, and conducted in an academic spirit of fairness and with a view to getting at the truth. It is no disparagement to be defeated in a contest so conducted.

Respectful courtesy should be shown on both sides, and all personalities avoided. In referring to the debaters on the opposite side, no

names should be used, but rather the expression, "the gentleman or speaker on the affirmative,"or "negative,"as the case may be.

Improper motives should not be attributed. Only small, petty

minds do that. A debate should never degenerate into mere contention. It is held to get information, gather knowledge, and ascertain the

truth, and not to gain personal advantage.

The wording of the question should be agreed upon by both sides, and a definition of the terms should be thoroughly understood. The debaters should confine themselves to the points of the question, and not

permit themselves to treat topics not germane to the issue. A chairman should be chosen to conduct the debate, who will announce the subject, the name of the judges, the respective speakers, and the decision of

the judges, and see that the debate is carried on in fairness.

MUTUAL WORK. 473

Let the discussion close with the debate, and not be carried on later, nor on the outside. In regard to the judges, let it be remembered that

their decisions are only the opinions of three out of the many who have listened, and that their decisions do not necessarily settle the merits of the question,—only the points of that debate in their opinion.

Suggestions for questions for debate on historical, biographical, political, economical, educational, literary, artistic, scientific, ethical, and miscellaneous subjects will appear in this department from time to time. Two subjects from each of these divisions follow: Resolved, that

Greece has contributed more to the civilization of the world than Rome.

Resolved, that the Declaration of Independence wi.l be regarded in the

future as a more important document than the Emancipation Proclamation. Resolved, that Franklin should be regarded as the greatest American. Resolved, that Webster's 7th of March speech was worthy of him.

Resolved, that the existence of parties is necessary in free government.

Resolved, that the government should own and operate the railroads.

Resolved, that strikes are a benefit, on the whole, to the laboring class.

Resolved, that the government should establish postal savings banks.

Resolved, that high schools should be a part of the common school system. Resolved, that a collegiate education would make a man a better

farmer. Resolved, that the madness of Hamlet was altogether feigned.

Resolved, that the prevalence of fiction in modern literature has been, on the whole, a good rather than an evil. Resolved, that art and science

are antagonistic. Resolved, that photography has done more to popularize art than engraving. Resolved, that the atomic theory finds in

science sufficient confirmation to establish its validity. Resolved, that

genius is hereditary. Resolved, that it is never right to deceive. Resolved, that it is better to be rich than poor. Resolved, that intemperance has been a greater curse to mankind than slavery.

Officers please note: to avoid possible difficulty, you are requested

to use for debate only such topics as are from time to time suggested by the committee; and if you have other topics that you wish to debate,

these should first be submitted to the committee for approval.

Tribute of Respect.

The following resolutions of respect to the memory of Elders Helaman Pratt and John C. Harper, were recently passed by the Y. L. and Y.

M M. I. A. of the Juarez Stake of Zion:

Whereas, our Father in heaven hath, in his omniscient providence, called home, within the brief span of five burdened days, two men who 474 IMPRO VEMENT ERA

have stood for all that is noble and best in both the Mutual Improvement cause, as well as for the Church of Christ in this faraway Mexican land and, Whereas, Elder Helaman Pratt has acted from its inception, as a very father, guide and friend to every department of the Young Ladies'

Mutual Improvement Association in these colonies; and,

Whereas, Elder -Harper has opened wide the portals of his home to all who sought help or "comfort within its spacious walls, both friend and stranger, giving to the interests under his wife's care whatever of assistance and hospitality was necessary to their full development, and this, too, without money and without price; now, therefore,

Be it resolved: That we, the officers and members of the Y. L. and

Y. M. M. I. A. of Juarez Stake of Zion, do join in this expression of

our love and esteem for these brethren, our heartfelt loss in their death;

and above all do we unite in an earnest prayer for the stricken wives who have been thus bereaved. We realize that words are feeble to

express the affectionate tribute which we desire to pay. Yet even so,

we tenderly offer these weak words on the altar of our respect, our love and our deep sympathy. May the Father, who has led us to this promised land, which has been sowed in our sorrows and watered with our tears,

comfort our beloved associate officers, and all the members of these two families, with the blessed realization that these two noble brethren have entered upon a more beautiful mission, have been called to occupy a more exalted position.

We have rejoiced in sweet association with these our friends, both those who have gone beyond, and those who linger here. May the

hallowed influence of these two consecrated examples linger upon our own lives like a benediction of peace, love and faith everlasting.

Committee: Nancy E. Durfie, Anna I. Wilson, Mina W. Bowman,

Susa Young Gates.

Col. Juarez, January 10, 1910.

A customer was trading in one of the great stores of Salt Lake, whose proprietors are mostly Latterday Saints. The overimportant

clerk waiting upon him was heard to use the name of Deity in vain in some trifling remark made to a fellow clerk. "Young man,"said the

costumer in rebuke "such language is both unbecoming and inappropriate in this store!"But is it ever anywhere becoming and appropriate?

Passing Events.

Herbert John Gladstone, fiftysix years of age, and the youngest son of the late William E. Gladstone, has been appointed the first

GovernorGeneral of South Africa.

William M. Laffan, editor and publisher of the New York Sun,

and for many years one of the leading newspaper managers of America, died November 19, last, aged sixtytwo years.

The British Elections, beginning on January 15 and continuing until the 29th, gave the Liberal government the majority in the House of

Commons. The new Parliament assembled February 15.

W. Cameron Forbes was inaugurated GovernorGeneral of the

Philippines on November 23, which was a general holiday in Manila.

He is the fifth to occupy the post since the organization of civil government in 1901—William H. Taft, Luke E. Wright, Henry C. Ide and

James P. Smith.

Football Fatalities for the 1909 season numbered 30 players, according to the Chicago RecordHerald. Eight of these were college students,

20 high school boys, and two members of athletic clubs. During the

season 216 others were injured.

In the annual report of the Isthmian Canal Commission, published November 21, it is estimated that the total cost of the canal will be three hundred and seventyfive million dollars. The President

expects that the canal will be finished in five years.

Floods in France, in the closing days of January, did serious injury along the Seine. The city of Paris suffered great damage from the

water, onefourth of the city being submerged. The loss of life was

476 IMPRO VEMENT ERA

comparatively small, but the damage to property has been estimated at over $200,000,000.

The Standard Oil Company was declared an illegal combination operating in restraint of trade, and ordered to cease such combination and operation. The opinion, rendered November 20, was given by the

U. S. Circuit court for the eastern district of Missouri. The case now

goes to the Supreme Court of the United States on appeal.

Richard Watson Gilder, poet and editor of the Century magazine since 1881, and for eleven years prior to that time managing editor of

Scribner's Monthly, died on November 18, 1909, age 65 years. He was

president of the New York association for the blind, and interested in many charitable organizations. He wrote six volumes of verse.

John Stewart Kennedy died in New York, October 31. He was

not known as a wealthy man, yet he gave at his death to education alone almost as much as Rhodes gave to Oxford, (a little less than fifteen millions) and to religious and charitable purposes as much again. For

twentysix years he was president of the Presbyterian hospital in New

York, and in 1908, gave a million to that institution.

The Governor's Conference, held at Washington on January 1820, was attended by the governors of thirtyone states. The uniformity

of state laws relating to matters of divorce, labor problems, and conservation of natural resourses, was the important subject under consideration. It was decided to hold similar conferences annually, and hereafter at state capitals, the next conference to be held between Thanksgiving and Christmas of this year.

On November 20, just one week after the Cherry, Illinois, coal mine explosion, twenty out of the three hundred miners imprisoned in the

St. Paul coal mine, were discovered alive and rescued. The fire was

caused by the carelessness of a miner who threw a burning torch upon a pile of hay. Fire and an explosion followed. The superintendent and

thirteen men lost their lives in a vain attempt to rescue the unfortunate men. Several serious coal mine disasters have followed in other places

since then, and steps are being taken to prevent these fearful calamities in the future by better provisions and regulations.

Conservation of the National Resources.—President Taft

urged strongly in his message to Congress on January 14, the conservation of national resources. Among other things, he urged the governmental control of water power sites in public lands to prevent their

PASSING EVENTS. 477

absorption in a monopoly. He recommended the issue of thirty million

dollars in bonds for reclamation of arid lands and for the extension of projects already begun. The beginning of the development of inland

waterways by the improvement of the Ohio river and the upper Mississippi he also recommended.

Ann Everington Woolley, mother of Elder B. H. Roberts, died

on January 11, at her home in Bountiful. She was born in Norfolk,

England, December 18, 1826, embraced the gospel in August, 1851, and came to Utah in May, 1862. She leaves a total of one hundred and five

descendants. She was a woman of strong personality, gentle, refined

and intelligent, and wielded power and influence in her large family up to the last. She took a lively interest in all the affairs of the community until the time of her death, and in the young people's organizations

and the Sunday school she exerted a splendid influence.

Federal Incorporation was proposed by President Taft in a special message sent to Congress on the 7th of January. The president recommended the enactment of a law providing for the formation of corporations to engage in trade and commerce among the states and with foreign nations, and protecting them from undue interference by the states

and regulating their activities. He suggests that such corporations

should be prohibited from holding stock in other companies; that their

issue of stock should be subject to Federal supervision; and that they

should be required to file reports of their operations with the Department of Commerce and Labor.

The Panama Canal will likely be opened by 1915. At any rate

the great southwest is getting ready to celebrate the momentous event.

The PanamaCalifornia-Exposition of San Diego have announced their intention to so celebrate in 1915. On December 7, last, San Francisco

decided to hold a PanamaPacific-International Exposition in that city in or about 1915 to celebrate the opening of the canal, In January the committee of two hundred chose an executive group of thirty, from the solid and progressive business interests, who will superintend the projectIt is announced that next to the rebuilding of San Francisco, the Fair is to be the city's proudest work.

A revolution in Nicaragua has extended rapidly, led by Gen.

Estrada. The prisons have been filled with prisoners suspected of complicily in the revolulion. Two Americans, Cannon and Grace, who had

joined the revolutionists, were recently put to death under President 478 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Zelaya's orders. This exasperated the United States government, which

asked for explanations, but receiving none, sent the gunboat Vicksburg and the cruiser Des Moines to Nicaraguan waters to protect American interests. On December 1 Secretary Knox notified both the government

of Nicaragua and the leaders of the revolution that the United States would hold strictly accountable for the protection of American lives and property, the factions in control of eastern and western portions of the republic. Secretary Knox severely condemned President Zelaya and

described his administration a blot upon the history of Nicaragua.

Louis Paulhan, the French aviator, gave an exhibition of his 1400pound, 50horse-power flying machine in Salt Lake City, on Saturday aud Sunday, January 29, 30. The people were disappointed on Saturday, but on

Sunday his biplane, over which he exercised splendid control, made an ascent of about 300 feet and remained in the air something like ten and a half minutes, sailing from the fair grounds to Jordan river and return.

Between January 10 and 20, Paulhan attended a series of contests at Los Angeles, Photo by Shipler where on the 12th he sucPaulhan Flying in the Rocky Mounceeded in reaching a height tain Air. of 4,165 feet, leaving behind all the world's records for altitude. The attendance at the contest increased

from twenty to fifty thousand people per day, and thirtyfive prizes were carried off by aviators and aeronauts, aggregating eighty thousand dollars.

In Salt Lake City the mountain atmosphere was against high flights, and the aviator declared that a much lighter machine must be constructed to make flying a success in this high altitude. He and his company of aviators took in about $8,000 in fees for their exhibition, and he is so

pleased that he is said to have promised to come again with a lighter machine. Early in February he exhibited in Denver, and came near getting killed in an accident.

The Bishop's Building, the new home of the Presiding Bishopric of

PASSING EVENTS. 479

the Church, the Seventies, the Relief Society, the Young Men's and

Young Ladies'Mutual Improvement Associations, the Superintendent of Church Schools and Religion Classes, and the Primary Associations, was dedicated on the evening of the 27th of January, President Joseph F. Smith

offering the dedicatory prayer. Members of

the boards of the orUtah PhotoMaterialsCo ganizations especially

The Bishop 's Building, No. 40 North Main St. interested, with their

Home of the Improvement Era.

friends, were invited to the exercises. At 5 o'clock the proceedings began with a reception, at

which function the officers of the various organizations housed in the building acted as hosts and hostesses in their respective rooms. Bishops Charles W. Nibley, 0. P. Miller, and David A. Smith were in general

charge. The utmost sociability prevailed, and the various rooms from

the basement to the large banquet hall on the fourth floor were inspected.

At 6 o'clock refreshments were served in the neatly decorated hall on the fourth floor, where Bishop Nibley acted as master of ceremonies. During the refreshments the exercises were proceeded with. They consisted

of prayer by President Anthon H. Lund, music, songs, addresses, and a

hymn, "Come, come, ye Saints,"closing with a response by President

Joseph F. Smith, and the dedicatory prayer, the concluding hymn by the

assembly being, "We thank thee, God, for a prophet."The benediction was pronounced by President Francis M. Lyman. Among those who

took part in the program of music were J. J. McClellan, Lizzie Thomas

Edward, Ed. P. Kimball, Oscar W. Kirkham, Tracy Y. Cannon, George

D, Pyper, Edna H. Coray, Orpah Walker, Evan Stephens and Hyrum M.

Smith. Among the speakers representing the different organizations

were President Seymour B. Young, of the First Council of Seventy; Bishop Charles W. Nibley; President Anthon H. Lund, for the Religion Classes;

President George H. Brimhall representing the Church Schools; Elder

Heber J. Grant for the General Board Y. M. M. I A.; Bathsheba W.

Smith for the Relief Societies; Martha Home Tingey for the Young

Ladies'Mutual Improvement Associations; and Louie B. Felt, for the

480 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Primary Associations. From the opening at 5 o'clock to the close at 10

o clock, the utmost good feeling prevailed, and the Presiding Bishopric and their aids did grand service in making the affair one of the most pleasant of its kind ever held; as their two hundred and fifty guests

would unanimously declare. In President Lund's address he referred

to the needs of the Historian's Office and Genealogical Society for better quarters, and later President Smith stated that such a building was the next that would receive attention. The Bishop's building

itself is one of the most substantial in the state, and the architect, Don

Carlos Young, was complimented for its beauty and stability. The Relief

Societies, Young Ladies'Associations and Primaries donated altogether some $20,000 towards its erection, the Church providing the remainder.

"The Great Apostasy"is the title of the latest addition to

Church literature. Heretofore, on one or two occasions the book has

been referred to in these pages. James E. Talmage, Ph. D., F. R. S. E.,

is the author, a guarantee that it is both logical and instructive. It is

designed to give light on the general apostasy of the Church that developed during and after the apostolic period. This it does in interesting

text and argument, illumined by most striking passages of scriptural and secular history which go to prove the falling away, and the fact that the primitive Church lost its power, authority and graces as a divine institution, and degenerated into an earthly organization only. The

establishment of the primitive Church is first treated; then are given

the predictions foretelling the apostasy, followed by a chapter on its early stages. The causes of the apostasy, divided into external and

internal, are discussed in six chapters containing convincing and striking testimony and extracts from early Church writers to uphold the argument. The tenth and closing chapter is devoted to the results of

the apostasy and its sequel, under which are discussed revolts against the

Church of Rome, the Reformation, the Inquisition, the affirmation of the apostasy, the Revelator's vision of the restoration, and the reestablish- ment of the Church in the 19th century through the Prophet Joseph

Smith. To the elder in the mission field, students in the priesthood

quorums at home, the general reader and investigators of the teachings of the restored Church of Christ, a study of this exposition of a very significant and important subject, will bring great light. It proves, we

believe conclusively, that the apostasy of the primitive Church was a reality; and it points to the truth that the Church of Jesus Christ of

Latterday Saints is a divine institution, restored and organized, by authority, prophecy, new revelation, and the sanction of our Lord and

Savior Jesus Christ, to take the place of the fallen Church. Price 60

cents at the Deseret News book store.

The Remington AutoLoading Shotgun "TaS

It was the Remington AutoLoading Shotgun, in the hands of an amateur, that won the recent Grand American Handicap against 405 contestants. It is the

PERFECT gun for trap and field.

Send for our 150 page catalog; it is free. We have ''Everything for Every

Sport in Every season."

BROWNING BROS. CO., Ogden, Utah

SONQS OF ZION No turning of leaves while singing, Every song complete on the open page, Order sample copy. Price, cloth, postpaid 35c

Send orders to 314 Templeton Bldg., Salt Lake City

ELECTRIC

BLOCK WRITE FOR OUR SIGNAL NEW PROTECTION CATALOGUE When You Travel J It contains prices and descriptions of all the EAST

VIA City books of the M. I. A.

Ticket reading courses and thouOffice sands of others.

C| The catalogue is free Main a postal will bring it.

Street

"The Overland Foute"

Four trains daily over one of the best ballasted tracks in the country in the most comfortable cars money and care can provide.

This assures - - TRAVEL COMFORT TRAVEL SAFETY

(When writingto Advertisers, please mention the ERA.)

Suit is Here! YourNew Spring

I. =z. e. M.

You never saw a nobbier or snappier line of clothing than we are now that satisfy taste, promote comfort showing—garments

and give long wear.

J The popular fabrics are tweeds, cheviots, worsteds, in grays, blues and all the new colors. Prices range from

$15 to $45 NEW STYLE HATS Stetson's and all the other famous makes representing the standard of good style good taste and good wear. All fit—good

the new blocks and colors from.50 to $5

Deere two*way Sulky Plow The object of a twoway plow is first, for plowing side hills making it possible to work the soil all in one direction, relieving drift and producing better work. Second, plowing irregularly shaped pieces, where it is impossible to lay out rectangular land. Third, for plowing any land where it is

desirable to throw the earth all one way, leaving no ridges or dead furrows.

is a The DEERE TWOWAY SULKY accomplishes all this, and strictly first class implement in every respect. The frame is made of wrought steel,

amply strong and rigid to stand any probable strain. The axles and bails are

steel, the levers are steel, the wheels are steel, and all the castings are malleable iron. In point of construction this plow is the equal of any plow made.

Write and ask about the "Kramer Rotary Harrow Attachment."

Very easy terms. We are sole agents.

Consolidated Wagon St Machine Go.

Leading Implement, Vehicle Hardware and

Automobile Dealers.

Utah, Idaho, Wyoming and Nevada. GEO. T. ODELL. General Manager

(When writing to Advertisers, please mention the ERA.)