w The World of ffr Genealogy minsrucr minr mil*rar aimbt w#

You can take "Home Study"anywhere.

You don't have to stay home to take advanare—BYU HOME STUDIES are for you!

tage of the variety of courses offered by BYU Get with it—go with one or more of the

HOME STUDY. Wherever in the world you almost 300 courses offered by the nation's

are—whatever you're doing—whoever you largest private University.

WRITE TODAY—from wherever you are.

BYU DEPARTMENT OF HOME STUDY

Brigham Young University, Provo, Utah 84601

From Accounting to Zulu History—from Alaska to Zanzabar—BYU HOME STUDY is at home!

The Voice of the Church July 1969 Volume 72, Number 7

On the cover:

Special Features The World of Genealogy is a world to which 2 The Editor's Page: The Grand Purpose of Mortality, President David

no Latterday Saint needs extensive introduc 0. McKay

tion. For about the past 130 years hundreds 4 Why Genealogy? Elder Theodore M. Burton

of thousands of Church members have pur- 6 The World Conference on Records, Douglas D. Palmer

sued the holy mission of performing priest- 8 Prominent American Genealogical Societies, Meredith B. Colket, Jr.

hood ordinances for persons who have 9 Changes on Our Mind, Paul F. Royall

preceded them. Some 38 million temple 11 Our Kind of Humor, Catherine L. M. Horner

endowments have been given in a small 13 The House of the Lord, Elder John A. Widtsoe

handful of temples that dot the earth, 13 14 A Glance Backward—Historical Sketch of the Genealogical Society,

presently in use with three new temples Merrill S. Lofthouse

underway. No accurate number is available 18 Reports of the Faithful, Jay M. Todd

of the sum of Latterday Saints engaged in 26 How to Use Our Genealogical Libraries 32 Genealogy Birds, Margaret H. Allen

genealogy, but calculation suggests perhaps 34 I Remember, MabelRuth Jackson theas many as 500,000 persons—making

Picture Tour of 35 the Church's Genealogical Facilities the largest activeChurch genealogically38 Five Who Handled the Plates (Part 9), Dr. Richard Lloyd Andersonoriented organization in the world. To assist

members in their mission the Church has 48 It's for Eternity, Mary Carolyn Pugmire amassed what is probably the world's most 64 Involving Youth in Genealogy, Dr. W. Dean Belnap

impressive collection of genealogically72 After Death, What? W. Cleon Skousen

oriented records from around the world, and 76 The Johnson Family (Summer 1831), President S. Dilworth Young

pursues perhaps the most widespread and 78 But We Had a Wonderful Time! Daryl V. Hoole

intensive program of gathering additional 97 A New Look at the Pearl of Great Price: Part 7, The Unknown Abraham (continued), Dr. Hugh Nibley

records. Underlying this activity are the

Church's genealogical training sessions—givRegular Features

ing the Church probably the world's largest 65 Lest We Forget: To a Grateful Heart, Albert L. Zobell, Jr.

genealogically oriented educational program. 68 Melchizedek Priesthood Page: How to Set and Achieve Goals, Elder

Constant counsel from contemporary prophetMark E. Petersen

leaders motivate members to engage in 82 The LDS Scene personal genealogical work, regardless of 84 Today's Family: "Nevertheless, Wheat for Man...,"Dora D. Flack

other callings and activities that fill their 88 Presiding Bishop's Page: The Bishop's Youth Council

lives. 90 The Church Moves On

92 Buffs and Rebuffs 94 These Times: World Order, Dr. G. Homer Durham

112 End of an Era 66, 71, 80, 81 The Spoken Word, Richard L. Evans

Era of Youth 4963 Marion D. Hanks and Elaine Cannon, Editors

Fiction, Poetry 28 Button, Button, Beverley Sawin 23, 24, 46, 93 Poetry Editor; Jay M. Todd, EditorialF.Editors;Price,Associates;StaffDoyleArtist.L. Green,Marion ManagingD. Hanks, Editor;Era of AlbertYouth L.Editor;Zobeli,ElaineJr., ResearchCannon. EraEditor;of YouthMabelAssociateJones Gabbott, DavidEleanorRalph 0.Reynolds,Knowles,McKay ArtandWilliamDirector;RichardT. Sykes,L.NormanEvans,

Verl F.ContributingScott, BusinessEditors.Manager; A. Glen Snarr, Acting Business Jr., GeneralFranklinDirector;Manager;S. Harris,ThayerFlorenceJr., HughEvans,S. Jacobsen,Nibley,S. GlennSidneyAssociateSmith,B. Sperry,AdvertisingGeneral AlbertManager;Representatives.L Payne, G.G.ManagerCarlosHomerSmith,andDurham,Subscription

the by Saints, and of Church of Association Mutual Improvement Superintendent, Young General a 1969,$3.00 SubscriptionLatterday reserved.Christ Latterday Men'sof Christ of of Jesus Church The Associations Improvement

for year,publishedcopy, inexceptadvance; single price;price, threeyear a to 35* the AHyearof rightsJesusadded TheSaints.$2.50 year, succeeding years, $8.25; each for subscriptions, years, $5.75; cover 2 3Photographs of the Mutualmultiple the and most

issues. special

in section for 1103, provided rate for at postage special of mailing Acceptance class matter. Utah, Office, Salt second as at Lake the Entered in this issuepictures on are genealogy by 1918. July City,2, authorized Post1917, October

be must acceptance for and on are paid Manuscripts contributions. welcomes manuscripts but is for responsible not ofImprovement actThe

for sufficientEra delivery unsolicitedand postage by accompanied at specialistJerry Harvey, information Church Address magazine. of issue the a recent slip address from include please change, ordering address. for notice return.When of required days'Thirty

is included. the aone as well as new old address thechange unless be cannot ismade changes

of Service. the CreationInformation montage

Official organ of the Priesthood Quorums, Mutual Improvement Associations, Home Teaching Committee, on the cover is by Burk Divine, photographer, Music Committee, Church School System, and other agencies of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

Panorama Productions. The Improvement Era, 79 South State, Salt Lake City, Utah 84111

July 1969 l The Editor's Page

By President David O. McKay

The GrandPurpose ofMortality

"I am come that they might have life, and that they cation of his physical instincts and passions, or whether might have it more abundantly."(John 10:10.) he will make as his life's end and purpose the acquisiThat is the greatest promise ever given to man, tion of spiritual qualities.

and only God can give it, for only God can give life. I ask you to imagine what condition man would

I believe in the efficacy of that promise. I love my have been in if God had not provided a Savior. Just

church because it is a medium, an agent, in Christ's imagine man placed here with his memory of prehands in offering this abundant life. mortal life taken from him. If the Lord had not re-

I wonder why the world does not see that the sucvealed the plan, I have no idea of what would have cess, the happiness, and the peace of mankind depend happened. The saving of his life and the perpetuaupon the statement made in this verse from Paul: tion of his species would be his sole aim; indeed, there

"For to be carnally minded is death; but to be would be nothing else to live for. When he got thirsty,

spiritually minded is life and peace."(Rom. 8:6.) the water would quench his thirst; when he became

To awaken spirituality in the hearts of men and hungry, the fruits of the field would satisfy his hunger.

women has been the Lord's purpose since he deHe would feel the warmth of the sun by day; leaves

clared: "In the sweat of thy face, shalt thou eat and reeds would make him a comfortable bed at

bread...."(Gen. 3:19.) Throughout the ages man night. Skins of animals would keep him warm. When

has had his choice of making the aim of his life another man would come to rob him, or try to seize either spirituality or sensuality. Man usually centers from him a luscious piece of venison or some tasty

his thought and action upon one or the other. The fruit, a fight would ensue. The gratification of appegreatest need in this world today is spiritual awakentite and passion would be man's sole aim, and thus, as

ing, and that implies that spirituality should be the the Book of Mormon plainly states, man became uppermost thought in our minds. "carnal, sensual, and devilish, by nature...."(Alma

Only through spiritual awakening has man made 42:10.)

progress in his slow, continuous, upward climb since Anticipating this, the Lord revealed himself to the divine edict to leave the Garden of Eden. The man and gave the gospel plan. In order to assist man

only thing that places man above the beast of the to rise above the earth and earthly things, and to keep field is his possession of spiritual gifts. Superior inhis heart from being centered upon them, the Lord

tellectuality without spiritual virtues may tend only to suggested or, indeed, commanded that man take of the make men more beastlike. "firstlings of the flock"and offer them as a sacrifice

Man's earthly existence is but a test as to whether to God. Have you ever thought of this? The best

he will concentrate his efforts, his mind, and his soul that ordinarily would be for self must be given to a upon things that contribute to the comfort and gratifihigher power—the first step in spiritual uplift. When

Improvement Era

man thus denied himself, conquered his physical higher life, intellectual and spiritual, and to incite appetite, and paid reverence to someone higher than men to greater diligence in striving for the abundant himself, he approached nearer his Maker; there was life. Generally the dominant thought in all men's

a spiritual awakening. minds is how to make a living. They are trying to

A few years ago we were inclined to think that choose that course in life which will best fit them to since history began, man has made great progress. As succeed in feeding, clothing, and housing themselves,

we look at world conditions today, we are convinced and will aid them in bringing up their families comthat progress is not onethousandth part of what it fortably. However, making a living is not the end in

should be. Selfishness, envy, hatred, conquest, and life; it is but a means. Making a living is but the keepmass murder are on a rampage throughout the soing in running order of the machine that is used to bear

called civilized world; and love and peace and joy are us on the long journey of life. Making a living is a

being banished from the hearts and homes and lives necessity, but making a life is a duty, an everlasting of men. With all our boasted civilization, there never blessing.

was a time when spiritual awakening and spiritual Some people make a living that they might merely ideals were more needed. exist. To these, life is drudgery, mere existence; it

Civilization has grown too complex for the human isn't a living. Some make a living that they might

mind to visualize or to control. Unless man comes to have pleasure. Too many of our youth have that aim

a speedy realization that the higher and not the baser in life. For these the rewards of vanity and disilluqualities of man must be developed, then the present sionment await. Others make wealth their sole aim;

status of civilization is in jeopardy. selfishness and an evernarrowing view of life's

Man must turn to spirituality and travel the spiritual beauties become a great part of their recompense, road that has Christ as its goal. The individual lives Not infrequently their hope ends in ashes of sordidfor something higher than self. He hears the Savior's ness and disappointment.

voice saying: "I am the way, the truth, and the life."The true purpose of life is perfection of humanity

(John 14:6.) Following that voice he soon learns that through individual effort, under the guidance of God's

there is no one great thing he can do to attain happiinspiration. Real life is response to the best about us.

ness or eternal life. He learns that life is made up not As man travels surely upon the spiritual road toward

of great sacrifices or duties, but of little things in the abundant life, he realizes, at least in part, that which smiles and kindness and small obligations given wonderful as it is, this life is "a time to prepare to meet habitually are what win and preserve the hearts and God."(Alma 12:24.) When that time is ended, all

secure comfort. that man takes with him is his record of what he has

The Church makes an appeal to all men to seek the done for his Master and for his brothers, his fellowmen.

July 1969

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve and VicePresident and General Manager, Genealogical Society

Members of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterhaltingly. Yet God, as a compassionate and loving

day Saints have a vital interest in genealogy. The Father, will not hold those of limited capacity equally

basis for that interest lies not in genealogy as such, responsible with those of greater capacity. God allows

but in the universality of the gospel of Jesus Christ. all people to have as much truth as they can underAs we understand it, the gospel is not a narrow constand and apply in their lives.

cept applying only to our times or to New Testament Another Book of Mormon prophet expressed this times. It is the universal gospel that was known to plainly as he wrote:

the ancient prophets from the time of Adam down to "Wherefore, men are free according to the flesh;

the present. and all things are given them which are expedient

It must be understood that the gospel was not unto man. And they are free to choose liberty and

always found on the earth in its fullness. The generaeternal life, through the great mediation of all men,

tions of man have not always been willing or capable or to choose captivity and death, according to the of understanding the gospel completely. However, captivity and power of the devil; for he seeketh that

God in his infinite mercy and love gave his children all men might be miserable like unto himself."

as much of the gospel message as they could assimilate (2 Ne. 2:27.)

and accept. In the words of the prophet Alma in the The Lord esteems all flesh as one, and he that

Book of Mormon, this concept was expressed thus is righteous is favored of God, while he that is wicked "For behold, the Lord doth grant unto all nations, cannot be approved of God.

of their own nation and tongue, to teach his word, God shows no favoritism but loves all his children.

yea, in wisdom, all that he seeth fit that they should Only sin and unrighteousness can affect that heavenly have; therefore we see that the Lord doth counsel in relationship. As a teacher of righteousness, God of

wisdom, according to that which is just and true."necessity does reward the righteous. Again the

(Al. 29:8.) prophets of the Book of Mormon speak out couWe believe that all people, regardless of race or rageously to express these concepts. Ammon said:

tongue, who live upon the earth are the children of "Now my brethren, we see that God is mindful of

God. While the Lord desires to lift and exalt all his every people, whatsoever land they may be in; yea,

children, he knows, as all great teachers also know, he numbereth his people, and his bowels of mercy that men have unequal spiritual and intellectual are over all the earth. Now this is my joy, and my

capacities. Though some can comprehend and receive great thanksgiving; yea, and I will give thanks unto

truth readily, others receive it only partially and my God forever."(Al. 26:37.)

Improvement Era

Nephi expressed this concept in these words: Peter explained the reason why the gospel of Jesus

"... he [the Lord] doeth nothing save it be plain Christ had to be taught to the spirits of those who were

unto the children of men; and he inviteth them all dead: "For for this cause was the gospel preached

to come unto him and partake of his goodness; and he also to them that are dead, that they might be judged

denieth none that come unto him, black and white, according to men in the flesh, but live according to bond and free, male and female; and he remembereth God in the spirit."(1 Pet. 4:6.)

the heathen; and all are alike unto God, both Jew That this work of vicarious salvation for the dead

and Gentile."(2 Ne. 26:33.) was actually practiced by the early saints is made

It was with this lofty and universal concept in mind clear from the words of the apostle Paul, who reathat Jesus Christ sent his disciples into the world to soned as to the actuality of the resurrection by citing teach the gospel of universal love. their practice of allowing themselves to be baptized

"Go ye therefore, and teach all nations, baptizing for and in behalf of their kindred dead. "Else what

them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and shall they do which are baptized for the dead, if the of the Holy Ghost: dead rise not at all? why are they then baptized for

"Teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I the dead?"(1 Cor. 15:29.)

have commanded you: and lo, I am with you alway, One of the great Hebrew prophets, Malachi, in

even unto the end of the world."(Matt. 28:1920.) prophesying of the future yet to come, told of a reHow was this gospel to be taught? What method markable change that was to take place in the hearts

was to be used? The Savior explained that this was to of men in the last days. Speaking for the Lord of what

be done by special messengers bearing witness indishould come, he wrote:

vidually of these truths: "And this gospel of the king- "Behold, I will send you Elijah the prophet before

dom shall be preached in all the world for a witness the coming of the great and dreadful day of the Lord:

unto all nations; and then shall the end come.""And he shall turn the heart of the fathers to the

(Matt. 24:14.) Thus the judgment reserved for the children, and the heart of the children to their fathers,

end of the world cannot come until all the children lest I come and smite the earth with a curse."(Mai.

of God have had an opportunity of hearing, under- 4:5-6.)

standing, and accepting the truth. With the coming of Elijah in the year 1836, the

There was no narrow concept in the minds of the hearts of the children began to turn toward their anapostles, nor in the minds of the early members of the cestors, and the prophecies of the patriarchs, who were

Church of Jesus Christ, who even in those days were known as the fathers, began to be fulfilled in behalf of known as saints. Jesus taught that missionary work their children.

extended not only to those then living but even to those As the gospel with all its truths and power was who were dead: given again to man, missionaries began gathering

"Marvel not at this: for the hour is coming, in the together the people of the Lord. We have been

which all that are in the graves shall hear his voice gathered into families, and our hearts have been [the voice of the Son of God], touched to seek after our ancestors, that we may "And shall come forth; they that have done good, identify them and perform for them sacred ordinance

unto the resurrection of life; and they that have done work in accordance with the command given: "Go

evil, unto the resurrection of damnation."(John ye into all the world, and preach the gospel to every

5:2829.) creature.

The apostle Peter explained this in further detail "He that believeth and is baptized shall be saved;

to the saints of the early Church as he instructed them but he that believeth not shall be damned."(Mark

in one of his letters: 16:1516.)

"For Christ also hath once suffered for sins, the We believe that men and women in the spirit world, just for the unjust, that he might bring us to God, being freed of illness and disease and freed from most of the put to death in the flesh, but quickened by the Spirit; traditions, superstitions, and dominations of wicked

"By which [that is, in the spirit] also he went and or uninformed leaders and teachers, will be more free preached unto the spirits in prison; to understand and accept the truths taught them

"Which sometime were disobedient, when once the there than here. They will then be free to choose for

longsuffering of God waited in the days of Noah, themselves those truths by means of which they can while the ark was a preparing, wherein few, that is, be saved in righteousness.

eight souls were saved by water [meaning baptism]."Thus we search for the records of our dead, and we

(1 Pet. 3:1820.) use the principles of genealogy to identify individuals

July 1969 and arrange them into families. We perform vicarious hearts of the children to their fathers, and the hearts

baptisms for our kindred dead so that no one need be of the fathers to the children.

damned who will accept Jesus Christ as the Lord and "And again, the hearts of the Jews unto the prophets,

Savior of the world. and the prophets unto the Jews; lest I come and smite

It is our faith and hope that as messengers go into the whole earth with a curse, and all flesh be conthe spirit world to teach those spirits the truths of the sumed before me."(D&C 98:1617.)

gospel, our progenitors will accept this ordinance work This, then, is a way for peace to come, by convincdone for them. Thus, not only may they be saved, but ing all men that we are brothers and that through faith

our own heritage can be preserved in the lineage of in Jesus Christ all mankind can be preserved through the priesthood given to our ancient fathers. the true gospel of love and fellowship among all

In our desire to knit together all the families of manpeople of the earth. Thus we practice genealogy bekind into a perfected whole, we, the Latterday Saints, cause we regard all men as our brothers.

were commanded by the Lord: "Therefore, renounce Our firm and unwavering conviction is that this is

war and proclaim peace, and seek diligently to turn the a most effective and successful way to find peace. O

TheWi nference on Records Administrative office at vault By Douglas D. Palmer

The Genealogical Society—a veritable 1894 to a worldwide movement, will convention center, the Salt Palace.

treasure chest of the world... a beacon sponsor the World Conference on RecRecord custodians and professional

to nations floundering in a sea of records August 5-8 in Salt Lake City. amateur genealogists from the United

ordkeeping problems... an oasis of Some 10,000 historians, genealoStates, Europe, South and Central

genealogical, historical interest. gists, librarians, archivists, and comAmerica, Mexico, Canada, Southeast

In its Diamond Jubilee year, this orputer and microfilming experts are Asia, islands of the Pacific, and all ganization, which has grown from a expected to attend the conference, to areas of the world will gather. "Records

simple oneroom library in November be held in Salt Lake City's modern new Protection in an Uncertain World"is the

Improvement Era

theme selected for the conference. Cottonwood Canyon southeast of Salt 100 have doctoral degrees, have conWhy such a conference? What may be Lake City. sented to participate in the conference.

accomplished, and what are its obThe Society is anxious to display its A few titles of topics to be covered jectives? Where and how can records "wares."Once the world gets a hint of the intriguing range of the

be protected from weathering and aging, glimpse, the program becomes inconference:

from fire and destruction by man? fectious, and record keepers every- "Documentation and Archival SituaThe need for safeguarding the world's where will join hands in a cooperative tion on the Ivory Coast,""Court Recvital documents, original manuscripts, effort to microfilm and store priceless ords of Sweden,""Japanese Amerihistories, biographies, and other genedocuments. cans: Origins, Past and Present,""The

alogical "finds"has long troubled manBut despite its varied projects, the Gathering of Jewish Records to Israel,"kind. Society is continually searching for new "Polynesian Pedigrees and Genealogies

Millions of pages of records are records sources and other vital inin the Eastern Pacific,""Quaker Migracurrently being stored safely and seformation. tions in the USA,""Scottish Military

curely through the Genealogical So- "We need more information, and one and Militia Records Before 1707,"ciety's extensive microfilming program. way to get.it is to go into foreign coun "Long Distance Records Transmission

Widely recognized as a great storetries to talk with people,"Elder Burton by Electronics,""Tracing Ancestry in house of information, the Society has continued. "But how much better it Yugoslavia and Hungary,""The Court

collected more than 670,000 rolls of will be to have them come here, stimuRecords of Iceland,""Church Records microfilm, representing the equivalent lating one another and allowing our of the U. S.,"and "Developing the Engof three million volumes of 300 pages people to know them and them to lish Working Man Pedigree Prior to

each. Add to this the Society's six milknow us."1800."

lion completed records of family groups, The Society needs to know just what Papers presented by speakers will a card file index of 36 million indirecords are available, where they can be printed and will be available to viduals, and a book collection of more be found, and how they can be used. those who attend. Although a person

than 90,000 volumes, and one begins "When we first sent a man to Japan may attend only 25 classes, he will to realize the vastness of its record about four years ago, he came back be able to obtain papers for the rekeeping program. The Society also has saying no records were available. Since mainder.

80 branch libraries, serves hundreds of then we have found countless stores of In addition to conference sessions, patrons personally each day, and reinformation. When he went there, visitors may attend concerts by the

ceives about 1,000 new rolls of micropeople thought he was a curiosity Utah Symphony Orchestra, the Morfilm weekly from throughout the world. seeker, but the next time a man was mon Tabernacle Choir, and Ballet West.

"We want to keep records intact,"sent who was familiar with Japanese The symphony and ballet company will said Elder Theodore M. Burton, vicecustoms. He was able to allay susperform at an August 8 banquet to

president and general manager of the picions, and we got the information we conclude the conference. A special

Society, which in late 1967 announced needed,"Elder Burton recounted. variety program is scheduled the eveplans for the conference. Recently a retired businessman went ning of August 5, the Utah Symphony

"The only way this can be done is to Denmark to research his family tree. will present a concert August 6, and a

by having interested persons all over In Copenhagen he was confronted by nondenominational religious service the world care for their own records. amazed Danish record keepers who will precede the conference on Sunday,

By that I mean preserve them,"he asked why he hadn't stopped in Salt August 3, in the Salt Lake Tabernacle.

added. Elder Burton, who has been Lake City, where he had the information Visitors may also see performances of

associated with the Society since 1964, at his fingertips. Promised Valley, and a full schedule of

is a member of the conference execuNext month's conference is open to women's activities is planned. In additive committee. members and nonmembers of the tion, tours of Salt Lake City and trips

Elder Burton discussed the need for Church, and to those skilled and unto southern Utah parks and the Grand records preservation: "If we can get skilled in record keeping. There will Canyon and to northern and southern

these record keepers together, perhaps be something for everyone in 210 California will be available.

we can set up some kind of an arrangeseparate seminars and discussions, and Housing will be provided in Salt Lake ment whereby records can be prein four general assemblies, arranged City hotels and motels, University of served."The Society has modern recunder the direction of Frank Smith, Utah and Westminster College dormiords processing and storage facilities program chairman, and 12 subcomtories, and private homes of Salt Lake

at the Granite Mountain Records Vault, mittees. area residents.

carved 600 feet into a wall of Little About 280 speakers, of whom some At least 40 countries will be repreJuly 1969 sented at the conference by prominent Dr. Kenn StrykerRodda, president, ciety; Daniel J. Cohen, director, Historispeakers and guests, who include the American Society of Genealogists; Dr. cal Society of Israel, Jerusalem; Dr.

following: Genadii Alexandrovich Belov, James B. Rhoads, National Archivist of Labib Habachi, an Egyptologist from

directorgeneral, Russian Archives, Mosthe United States; HsiangLin Lo, UniCairo; and Timothee N'Guetta Ahoua,

cow; Lord Thomson of Fleet, London versity of Hong Kong; Dr. Cornelius ambassador to the United States from

press lord; Sir lian Moncreiff, EdinPama, South African Genealogical Sothe Ivory Coast. Q

burgh, Scotland; Due de la Force, of

Paris, France; Baron Karl Friedrich von

Frank, noted Austrian genealogist; GuilDouglasFourth Ward,Palmer,is aassistantstaff writerwardof clerkthe Deseretof the EastNewsMillcreekand a former(Salt LakeeditorCity)of

lermo Lohmann Villena, director, Peruthe Millennial Star, Church publication in England.

vian Institute of Genealogical Research;

Americans have found genealogical research so contains more genealogical information than any other fascinating that some of them, in the cultural city of publication.

Boston in 1845, organized the New England Historic In more recent years, genealogical societies have

Genealogical Society, the first genealogical society in been organized in other large American cities. They

the world. In addition to being the oldest society, it vary greatly in scope and activities, depending upon

has two great claims to distinction. Its collections of the interest and availability of funds. These organizagenealogical books and manuscripts are unsurpassed, tions usually hold regular meetings, where lectures

and its quarterly, The New England Historical and on genealogical subjects are given. Some issue geneGenealogical Register, a journal of the highest caliber, alogical quarterlies. Most leave the responsibility of

Improvement Era

developing a good genealogical library to the main The smallest genealogical society that is nationally public library or historical society in the community. effective is the American Society of Genealogists. In

In the nation's capital, the U.S. National Genealogical 1960 it published cooperatively a firstclass guide,

Society publishes a quarterly recognized for its artiGenealogical Research: Methods and Sources. It stimucles of wide genealogical interest; the Library of lated the creation in 1964 of an independent "Board

Congress and the Daughters of the American Revolufor the Certification of Genealogists,"to formulate tion also maintain large genealogical libraries there. standards for genealogical research and to establish a

Some genealogical societies deserve national recogniregister of persons deemed qualified to do genealogical tion for special activities. Thus, the New York Genework. As reported in the January 1968 issue of The

alogical and Biographical Society's quarterly, The New American Genealogist, the Society has set up standards

York Genealogical and Biographical Record, is notefor the publication of American genealogies and worthy in part for its comprehensive reviews of periodically offers as a prize the publication of the genealogical literature. best manuscript submitted.

The Genealogical Society of The Church of Jesus These societies today are dramatically bringing to

Christ of Latterday Saints has achieved preeminence the attention of the American public the fact that in microfilming original records of genealogical intergenealogy is an important facet of our culture. O

est from all parts of the world. So great is the project

that it staggers the imagination. Moreover, the Society has taken great pains to preserve the microfilm Meredith B. Colket, Jr., director of the Western Reserve

and make copies available for research. It is also memberHistoricalofSocietythe Nationalin Ohio,Archiveswas forin Washington,20 years a staffD.C.

acclaimed for encouraging the publication of books A former associate editor of American Genealogist, he on how to do genealogy as well as for encouraging andis compilerarticles andon Americanauthor ofgenealogy.several outstanding books

formal genealogical instruction.

afiges onOurMind Technician prints positive film from negative. By Paul F. Royall

Someone has aptly described our modern civilizaprogress as a result of change are obvious.

tion and our way of changing practically everything Since the organization of the Genealogical Society we do, saying, "Nothing is so constant as change."One in 1894, many changes have brought progress and

of the prime reasons for change is man's continuing improvement. Great strides have been made in securquest for improvement. Some persons would have us ing worthwhile genealogical records, making the conbelieve that movement is progress, that any change tents quickly accessible, and instructing researchers in

away from the older, more established way of doing the most effective methods of tracing pedigrees. Comthings is important. The fact is that change must paratively few people have fully grasped the size and

and should come, but only when improvement and potential of the record collection found in the library

July 1969 of the Church's Genealogical Society. ters. We did not take time to group the names into

As records have increased in number within the family groupings, but, genealogically speaking, we library, changes and innovations have by necessity identified each person as an individual, noting that taken place as we have experimented with better ways he had been born, and had lived, married, and died in to make this collection available to patrons. Fortuspecific localities.

nately, for man's personal growth and development, a With computers appearing in increasing numbers, kind, beneficent Creator has left us to do some of our we considered how parish extraction work could be own thinking so that we might discover knowledge speeded up by means of electronic processes and at and find progression for ourselves. the same time accuracy and rapid transmission of

So it has been in this world of genealogy. Even beknowledge could be assured. As we contemplated

fore the Genealogical Society was organized, ways of the new processes, we sought to avoid making changes improvement were being sought by those who were that were not essential. We conducted experiments

performing genealogical work. After the society was to remove weaknesses in the nowcontemplated new

incorporated and books and records became available program.

in one central repository, more changes were made. We In January 1969 the new program was introduced

needed a record or form for compiling our work to and given wide publicity. We called it GIANT, or,

help avoid duplication and wasted time and effort. Alas the name appears on the official documents of the

though some persons created their own forms—someprogram, Genealogical Information And Name Tabutimes just a sheet of notebook paper—it became evident lation program. Beginning in 1970, we expect to see

that we needed some standardization. Suggestions this method in full operation throughout the world. It

were submitted, and over the years, with changes and really is not a great change, because, as some Saints alterations upon the original thoughts, there evolved a recall, we identified names individually on separate generally accepted family group form and pedigree genealogical forms in the early 1900's. We are merely

chart that we have used for over a quarter of a century. returning to an original premise but using computers

Some people began to feel that at last there would to index and store the compiled information.

be no further need for changes in the forms or methods But what of five years from now? What will we be

of doing research. For many years this seemed to be doing then? What programs will be introduced so that

true. But man's constant search for a better way to do genealogical identification can be made more quickly

things has brought more efficient and faster methods and accurately? In the next few years names might

of doing our work. We discovered that we could not possibly be fed into a master computer file, by means

remain status quo because people did not have the of which we might be able to locate and identify time they formerly had to do this work. In addition, someone in England, Europe, Canada, the United

religious reasoning suggested that we had to move States, or any other locality in just a fraction of a secfaster. Temples of the Lord were multiplying, and the ond. If centers of information were located throughgrowth of the Church brought us face to face with a out the world—say, in our branch libraries—we could

new problem. How could we advocate temple attenhave rapid identification of names. Family groups

dance by more members of the Church with a dimincould then be repeated to us name by name in a fracishing number of Saints doing the genealogical tion of the time it now takes to open a book and read research? a single page. It is by no means improbable that we

New ideas were introduced in an attempt to stimumay someday be able to scan and digest most of the late the growth and escalation of genealogical reworld's written genealogical records by electronic search. We began to help the Saints to search unused means that have not yet even been invented.

records, such as the Temple Records Index Bureau But whatever we may discover or invent, we can be (TIB), and microfilmed records. At the same time we assured that this important, inspired work of searching

developed a new program called the Pedigree Referral for the names of those who gave us life will continue

Service. The primary purpose of all this work was to to grow. O

increase genealogical research work throughout the world.

During these past years research has been pursued Paul F. Royall, general secretary of the Genealogical

to determine whether computers could aid us in a Society, has traveled throughout the world promoting more effective use of records. thea membercause ofofgenealogicalthe Salt Lakework;Cityhe schoolformerlyandservedlibraryas

In 1962, by means of a manual program, we began boards.

extracting genealogical information from parish regis10 Improvement Era

OurKindofHumor Granite Mountain Records Vault By Catherine L. M. Horner

Humor is not an item that is was preceded by these words writtwenty shillings sterling, and gloves usually identified with genealogical ten in a beautiful old English too."You can almost feel the

work, but as any researcher can script: "Herein lies a catalogue of man's pleasure and sense of imtestify, research has its own brand all children initiated into the portance oozing from the written

of humor, some of it capable of Christian faith which will readily words.

producing a smile, some of it a stand when they are all rotten in On January 26, 1800, the clerk at hearty laugh. their graves."Stewarton Ayr commented, "A reThus, after a long search through On June 7, 1716, the minister of markable occurence which was

many pages, how pleasant it is to St. Cuthbert's, MidLothian, wrote, there was not a single person

come across the following: "1823—"Thanksgiving day for our deliverprayed for in public. Such a cirMarried at Marown after a tedious ance from papery, slavery and the cumstance did not appear for near

courtship of 9 days, Thos. Collister late rebellion."This has reference thirty years."

of the Hew, Rushen, a sporting to the rebellion initiated to put the The severity of punishment for widower of 60 to Mrs. Ann Lewin, Roman Catholic James Stewart of crime is indicated in this entry

a bouncing widow of 50 of Marown. Scotland on the British throne. taken from Urquhart, Moray, in

5 weeks have scarcely escaped since The session clerk of Bathgate, 1775: "This year Kenneth Leal bethe bridegroom buried his former West Lothian, entered the followlonging to Elgin was executed and

rib."(Marown parish register, Isle ing item on April 4, 1725: "Mr. hung in chains betwixt Elgin and

of Man.) David Moneypenny of Pitmillie, Tochaters—on an eminence visible

In reading this, you find tension Advocate, and Mrs. Ann Marjoryfrom all parts of the country, near

in your work truly easing. For me, banks, eldest dau to the Laird of the public road—for robbing the

such genealogical entries are wonMarjorybanks gave up their names mail. He did no harm to the post

derful tension relaxers. Some are for proclamation in order to marboy further than knocking him off

humorous; others reflect pathos, riage and gave me, Mr. Alex Simm his horse. An immense concourse

tragedy, customs and mores, human a piece of gold worth seven and of spectators attended and it being nature, or matterof-fact things of the times. For example, take the

following extracts from Scottish extractionCatherine L.andM. beganHorner,workingevaluatorfor inthetheSocietyGenealogicalin 1938.Society,She iswasof sentEnglishto

parish registers: Scotland for seven years on research projects and has since emigrated to

At the beginning of the eighteenth Utah, where she is a Sunday School teacher in the Capitol Hill Ward.

century, one christening register

July 1969 11 "He and his daughter are listed as not being born."

"In the official records there is information of the war of rebellion which we have in our library."

"If you find something on her direct ancestry, rake it out and send it to us.""For the running down of the Wheelers, I will send $3 more."

"Further research will be necessary to eliminate one of the parents.""See sheet thereon, herewith attached, too."

"Will you send us a list of all the

Dripps in your library?"

"We were unable to find any record of Elizabeth Powell's death while crossing the plains in the

library.""Write to England for our backduring the summer and autumn should pay her penalty when she ward ancestors."

that he hung no one would pick had won her harvest fee.""We have turned over 16 couthe fruit that grew within several Humor may also be found in letples."

miles around which therefore was ters that have been written hur- "We are sending you five children utterly lost though there never was riedly or carelessly. in a separate envelope."

a more abundant crop."Note the An agent in England had preOne cannot read thousands of

session clerk's regret for the nepared a list of marriages and was names in countless records without glected fruit, his observance that asked to prepare also the records finding humor in them too. Typical

Kenneth Leal did not hurt the post of their children. Apparently he of what researchers have found are

boy. was not having an easy time obthe following names: Preserved

Sometimes differences of opinion taining the required information, Fish, Ivory Keys, Lilac Bush, Silent between the minister and his for he wrote, "The trouble here is Noyes, Barbara Staggers, Ida May clerk were noted in the register, extracting the children from the Dye, Abraham Singhorse, Spice as is shown in Inveresk in 1707 minister."Ham, Green Plumb, Olive Tree,

when the governments of England The following are extracts taken Rhoda Way, and Ruth Shaves.

and Scotland were united. The sesfrom letters during the past 25 Others include: Precious Darling,

sion clerk wrote, "The fatall state years: Adam Petticoat, Trulove Sparks,

of Britain commences from the 1st "Please continue the search and Thomas Bird (who married Reof May by an unhallowed union."extend both the paternal and exbecca Twitty), Orange Peel, Rhoda

Directly beneath, the minister has ternal lines."Bull, Good Knight, Happy Sadd,

written, "The clerk in a fatall mis- "The sheets have been clipped Jemima Crysick, Beefsteak Harritake. The union [is] the riches and together separately according to son, and Notwithstanding Coldbath.

chief blessing of the country."their order and groups belonging As a final note on names, con-

A woman in 1709 could change together which makes it easy to sider the discovery about a Puritan her mind just as easily as a woman look something up. You will find who named his dog "Moreover,"

Can today. On June 5, 1709, in it easier to handle this work by after the dogs in the Bible: "...

Kinneff, Kincardine, "Elshet Strachthis systematic arrangement."moreover the dogs came and licked

an compearing before the session "I guess I got too excited over his sores."(Luke 16:21.)

declared that she was not willing finding my greatgrandmother and Hopefully the reader will obto be married to Robert Barry with now I have lost her. Will you serve that in addition to everything

whom she had been proclaimed but please send me a copy?"else, genealogy is also fun. O

12 Improvement Era A temple is an edifice in which member of the household. The work to high levels of character

the most comprehensively sacred peace we covet is found in such and spiritual joy. Once only may

ordinances of the Church are perhomes. Indeed, when temples are a person receive the temple endowformed. It is a "house of prayer, a on earth, the whole world shares ment for himself, but innumerable

house of fasting, a house of faith, measurably in the issuing light; times may he receive it for those

a house of learning, a house of when absent, the hearts of men begone from the earth. Whenever

glory, a house of order, a house of come heavy, as if they said, with he does so, he performs an unselfish

God."It is an earthly home of the the people of Enoch's day, "Zion act for which no earthly recompense

Lord. is fled."is available. He tastes in part the

Temples are necessary in every Temples are for the benefit and sweet joy of saviorhood. He rises

dispensation, for in them the Lord enlightenment of the members of toward the stature of the Lord reveals himself in person or by his the Church. In them are revealed Jesus Christ, who died for all. Men

Holy Spirit, and out of them prothe keys of the priesthood, and who thus serve the dead go out ceeds the preparation of the world there power is given men "from on of the temple into the marts of for its final destiny. In the temples, high"to meet the many issues of men with renewed power to deal

time and eternity are bridged and life. There men may commune fairly with others, to put into practhe unity of the plan of salvation with the forces of heaven, until tice the golden command, "Do ye

made apparent. Gospel living cendoubt and questioning are replaced unto others as ye would have them

ters upon and is completed through by knowledge and certainty. The do unto you."

temple activity. ordinances and ritual of the temYet there are immediate rewards

Spiritual power is generated ple, profoundly meaningful, set in such vicarious service. Every

within temple walls and sent out forth completely and comprehentime a person receives the temple to bless the world. Light from the sively the truths of life, explain the endowment for another, he reviews

house of the Lord illumines every mystery of existence, and make the the eternal journey of man, is rehome within the Church fitted for gospel more understandable. Those minded of the conditions of eternal

its reception by participation in who have received with open progress and of his own covenants temple privileges. The path from hearts the blessings of the temple to obey God's law, is impressed

the temple to the home of man is go out with increased power and anew with the necessity of making divinely brilliant. Every home a new understanding of life's truth alive by use, and beholds

penetrated by the temple spirit enproblems. again the glorious destiny of righlightens, cheers, and comforts every Men may rise through temple teous man. His memory is refreshed,

July 1969 13 z

his conscience warned, his hopes are divine and perfect. All who their ministry, in theory, in princilifted heavenward. Temple repetienter the temple must look through ple, and in doctrine, in all things

tion is the mother of daily blessings. material imperfection into spiritual pertaining to the kingdom of God

Wherever one turns, temple service perfection. on earth... and my presence shall

profits those who perform it. All who use their temple privibe there, for I will come into it,

Those who enter the temples and leges righteously will receive peace, and all the pure in heart that shall desire to obtain most from the exsafety, understanding, and joy. come into it shall see God."Such

perience must seek to purify their Young, middleaged, and old—all blessings are needed by every Lathearts in preparation. Only those need the help that the temples terday Saint, and the whole world

who do so share fully in the blessproffer. And it is well to seek for is in direct need of them...."

ings that flow from the temple. temple blessings early in life. Much Consider how poor we should be

Unworthy persons, or those with is lost throughout life when marwithout our temples and the truths minds fixed upon external things, riage is not entered into under the they represent! We praise the Lord

who may enter will not sense the sealing authority of the temple. A for our temples and for our underessential beauty and value of the temple is "a place of thanksgiving standing of the use of them. May

temple ordinances. The pure in for all saints... that they may be we ever be a templebuilding,

heart shall know that God is in his perfected in the understanding of templeusing people! o

temple. It must always be kept in

mind that the work in the temples, Elder John A. Widtsoe, who was born in Norway in 1872 and died Novemas in all divisions of the Church, callber 29,to the1952,Councilservedof asthepresidentTwelve ofin two1921.majorA giftedUtah anduniversitiesprolific beforewriter, hishe

is done by mortal, imperfect men, was a longtime editor of The Improvement Era. This article is reprinted

but that the story and lessons and from the Era, April 1936.

issues of the temple endowment

Inspecting film at vault

By Merrill S. Lofthouse

As early as 1840 Latterday Saints 1888 that any Churchrelated organize to gather records from Scotwere collecting genealogical data ganization was founded to assist in land had been given in 1879. 1

and performing ordinances for their the collection of genealogical data. The first genealogical organizadead. However, it was not until Previously, public invitation to ortion founded was "The Latterday

14 Improvement Era

Saints'Genealogical Bureau,"introduced to the public through the Table 1—Growth of Book Holdings

Deseret News. The organization

was open to all who wished to use its services. This early bureau suggested strongly the need for a

Churchdirected genealogical library with professional guidance.

Consequently, on November 13, 1894, the Genealogical Society of

Utah was incorporated.

Interestingly, by this time several other nowfamous American genealogy-oriented organizations had already been founded: The New

England Genealogical Society in 10,000 20,000 30,000 40,000 50,000 60,000 70,000 80,000 90,000 1845, followed by the Sons and

Daughters of the American RevoluSource: Statistics of the Genealogical Library, located at the Genealogical Society, Salt Lake

tion, Colonial Dames, Holland City, Utah. April 1966.

Society, and the Mayflower Descendants.

From this early beginning, the

Church's Genealogical Society has grown in stature and holdings to exceed 580,000 100foot rolls, with and family connections. Then, as

become one of the major genealogian average of 1,000 exposures per temples multiply, and the work encal organizations of the world, and roll. In layman's terms, this means larges to its ultimate proportions,

is, often referred to by European, that about 2,900,000 300page this Society, or some organization

North American, and South Seas books of genealogical material of growing out of this Society, will scholars as one of the great genethe data have been microfilmed. have in its care some elaborate,

alogical organizations of the world. With the growth of the Society, but perfect system of exact regisAmong the 13 charter members about 80 branch genealogical litration and checking, so that the

of the Society were the President braries have been established work in the temples may be conof the Church, Wilford Woodruff; throughout the population centers ducted without confusion or duplihis counselors, George Q. Cannon of the Church to assist patrons in cation. And so throughout the

and Joseph F. Smith; and three using the collection of Society holdyears, reaching into the Millennium

members of the Council of the ings. This growth is in partial of peace, this work of salvation will

Twelve: Lorenzo Snow, Franklin fulfillment of a prediction made in go on, until every worthy soul that

D. Richards, and Abraham H. Can1911 by Elder Nephi Anderson, an can be found from earthly records

non. These directors stated that the early leader in the Church's genewill have been searched out and

Society was to collect a genealogical alogical activities officiated for; and then -the unseen

library, serve an educational role in "... I see the records of the dead world will come to our aid, the

disseminating genealogical informaand their histories gathered from broken links will be joined, the tion, and serve a religious function every nation under heaven to one tangled threads will be placed in in acquiring records of deceased great central library in Zion—the order, and the purposes of God in

persons for ordinance work in the largest and best equipped for its placing salvation within the reach temples of the Church. particular work in the world. of all will have been consum-

A year after the incorporation, Branch libraries may be established mated."2

the Society's library holdings inin the nations, but in Zion will be The library comes close to realizcluded 100 volumes. By 1907 they the records of last resort and final ing a portion of the above prediction

had increased to about 800 volumes. authority. Trained genealogists will with 140,000 persons using its faciliThe accompanying chart indicates find constant work in all nations ties in Salt Lake City and 212,000

the increase for the past 29 years. having unpublished records, searchpersons using facilities of the branch

In 1969 the microfilm holdings ing among the archives for families libraries in 1968.

July 1969 15 The first recorded educational 1950's. These early classes were the associated with research in the

effort of the Genealogical Society genesis of a 13week training proPacific islands. Short papers dealwas noted in September 1907, under gram in genealogy taught in the ing with availability of records and

the tutorship of Duncan McAllister, Mutual Improvement Associations the geography of each country have who taught weekly genealogy of the Church. been compiled and published since

classes in the Lion House. In 1909 Educational programs covering 1966 by the Society's research de-

a group of individuals, designated genealogical research and compilapartment under Elder Howard W.

in the Church Historian s Office as tion of records were started at Hunter's direction.

"Examiners of the Church Schools,"Brigham Young University in 1956 One of the major roles of the Sopassed a resolution permitting the by Archibald F. Bennett, one of the ciety is that of procuring records,

Genealogical Society to address directors and also secretary of the making possible the performance of twice a month "missionary classes Society. Offcampus programs in ordinances in the temples of the

of the Church Schools."Susa Young genealogy at BYU centers in Salt Church. The need for such an

Gates was appointed to prepare the Lake City and Ogden began the agency became apparent as more lectures that were to be given in the same year. In addition, under this temple work was performed and

schools. BYU program, any stake could rethe duplication of ordinances inElder Joseph Fielding Smith of quest genealogical instruction, and creased. The tremendous task of

the Council of the Twelve and if there was sufficient interest, BYU copying data from temple records

Nephi Anderson were appointed in would send instructors to teach a to index cards, proofreading, and 1911 as a committee to prepare series of classes. arranging the completed cards beliterature for general distribution In 1964 the research department gan in June 1922. Within two

on the aims and purposes of the of the Society began to offer acmonths, 12 workers were indexing

Society. Seminars were conducted creditation tests to qualify researchthe Salt Lake Temple records, five

by Nephi Anderson in conjunction ers for recommendation to patrons. were indexing the Logan Temple

with stake conventions throughout Educational materials published records, four were indexing the the Church. The responsibility of by the Society or as a result of comManti Temple records, and three

the ward and stake officers in edumittees formed by them have were indexing the St. George Temcating the members of the Church contributed much to the active inple records.

in genealogy was given concrete volvement in genealogical endeavThis indexing of records led to direction in 1921 through the ors clllU Liie uuiJ.c*Jiun—11.... uf ui Ualllz.clLHJli.4-,', ui,C fthe Temple Records

medium of the Utah Genealogical numbers of family records by memIndex Bureau, which began filland Historical Magazine. Commitbers of the Church. The Utah ing a most important need of the

tees were formed on the ward and Genealogical and Historical Magatemples in 1924. On January 1,

stake levels, and weekly classes zine, published from 1910 to 1940 1927, the checking of all.temple

were established at this time. The under President Joseph Fielding sheets began at the Temple Records

Genealogical Priesthood Committee Smith's direction, was a means of Index Bureau, which has served as gave the next big boost to the eduunifying procedures. Israel in the an aid in preventing duplication

cational functions of the GenePacific, published in 1961 as a reand in increasing accuracy. The

alogical Society from 1963 to 1967. sult of a committee formed under following chart indicates the reClasses were held in Society President N. Eldon Tanner's superduction in duplication of temple

buildings through the 1940's and vision, clarifies many problems ordinances.

Table 2—Percentage Chart of Duplications*

25% -J u 1952 1953 1954 1955 1956 1957 1958 1959 1960 1961 1962 1963 1964 1965 1966 1967 1968

Source: Statistical Report of the Genealogical Society. Located at the Genealogical Society,

Office of Executive Secretary, Salt Lake City, Utah. April 1966.

16 Improvement Era

With the introduction of the archive record in 1942, patrons were required to submit names in family group form rather than lists of names. The examining department

checked to see that family units were checked against cards in the

Bureau. The correction department

was organized in 1945 to make corrections and additions that were noted by the examining department on group sheets already filed in the archives and on cards in the Bureau.

The archives adjustment department was organized in 1956 to handle patrons'requests for corrections on archive sheets and cards.

Problems peculiar to Polynesian records were given special attention with the organization of the Pacific spellings of the same names often "The most energetic and worldwide

Isles processing department in 1938. found in the entries was also introcollecting project of genealogical

The sealing department was orduced. sources in the United States is being

ganized in 1942 to help prevent the The Pedigree Referral Service, carried out not for historical but for duplication of sealings and to prointroduced in 1963 to more effecreligious motives. This is the work

vide sealing records of complete tively avoid duplication of research of the Church of Jesus Christ of family units that would be availefforts, also made use of the comLatter-day Saints; the results are asable for public inspection. The puter. Names, dates, and places of sembled in its Genealogical Society

archive sheet was introduced to asancestors currently being docuin Salt Lake City.... It is an awesist in this task. mented were registered so that some sight to see a room with 150

The records control department researchers could consolidate efmicrofilm readers, every one in use, had its beginning in the handling forts. This service has been disconand, besides, students of printed

of patrons'mail. In 1963, a system tinued, since it will be encompassed books filling every available desk in

was developed whereby computers and handled in the new GIANT a large building and spilling over on could be used to simplify and speed program. to stairs and into corridors."3

up the work. The GIANT system is being introWith its interest in acquiring recInterestingly, a Churchwide induced this year to assist in reducing ords and providing for a unified

crease in temple activity, motivated duplication and more perfectly insystem of indexing genealogical in part by the excellent educational dex the type of information filed data, the Church's Genealogical programs begun by the Society, had in the Temple Index Bureau. Society has attracted worldwide

reduced the surplus of names availAs a result of its progress and attention. It is readily apparent

able for temple work by 1960. activities, prominent and influenthat it will continue to play a most

Hence, a program to provide additial members of government, hisimportant role in the Church. O

tional names was initiated in August torical agencies, and genealogical FOOTNOTES

ProTabulation Records1961—the Deseret 2, Evening 1879. News, July researchers throughout the world

Genealogical Utah Historical 2The and Magagram. Entries Flexowere typed on zine, Vol. 2122. 3, pp. have impressed the with been SoWhitehill, 3Walter Independent HisMuirwriters registers parish from and torical Societies, into their research enquiry An ciety. recognized authority, A

publication functions and (the AtheBoston to aprocessed produce computer naeum, 424, 426. pp. 1962), Whitehill, Walter written Muir has

printout of the parish register indexed both alphabetically and chronologically. A Latin program Merrillis the historicalS. Lofthouse,compilerassistantin the stakeChurchclerkHistorian'sin the TaylorsvilleOffice and (Utah)has extendedStake,

to convert Latin names into their the subject of this article into a master's thesis on the history of the

English equivalents and to overGenealogical Society.

come the problem of different

July 1969 17 Reports ofthe Faithful By Jay M. Todd

Editorial Associate

HP** Machine copies temple endowment cards at rate of 1,000 a minute.

No report on Latterday Saint genealogical research experienced by persons now doing work for the dead.

and its attendant work for the dead in the temples of In respect for the right of privacy and the sacredness the Lord could possibly be complete or given in of the experiences to the individuals involved, the perspective without reference to the countless spiritual accounts are reported anonymously.

experiences of those engaged in the work. Many of the experiences deal with difficulties in

Indeed, one can hardly discuss genealogy and its obtaining information about one's ancestors. Such

ultimate goal—temple work—with a Latterday Saint reports are typified by the following:

who is involved in this work without hearing personal "In 1953, in accordance with the request of my hustestimony of some incident or incidents held sacred by band's mother before her death, I went to the Church the person reporting. Perhaps in no other activity are Historian's Office to search the Norwegian branch

the gifts of the Spirit more manifest than in this holy records to complete a family group sheet for her mission of performing ordinances of salvation for those family. Twice I went there and searched the available

who have died. Reports of dreams, visions, promptings, records, but was not able to complete the group sheet.

spiritual guidance, reception of unusual direction, and I decided to try one more time and asked the atmanifestation of approval by recipients are all commontendant if he did not have another record book for the place to Latterday Saints involved in the concerns of Oslo Branch. He replied that he had shown me all

genealogy. there was. I asked him to please look again. After

The early publications of the Church are replete searching a short time he returned and commented with these spiritual experiences dealing with genethat somehow one record book had been misplaced alogical activities. In more recent years, as communibut he was able to locate it. I went into the next room

cation systems have become immediate and worldwide and as I searched through the records I found informaand as society at large has developed attitudes of intion on the missing family members. As I started to

difference and even hostility to reports of experiences copy from the book I felt their presence all around me, called supernatural, members of the Church have so strong that I could hardly copy the record. I did not

wisely felt directed to confine the report of their exsee them, but the feel of their presence was beyond periences to the meetings of the faithful and the famdescription. I am sure they were registering their

ily circle. But in a sincere desire to foster new and approval of what I was doing. I have continued this

further activity in this work and in solemn testimony Norwegian line and hundreds of names have been of God's hand in this important activity, the following cleared for whom the temple work has been commodern and recent incidents are related. The experipleted."

ences are typical of thousands of similar incidents Familiar with the guidance of the Holy Ghost,

18 Improvement Era tki?? 'T ""'J><*,m$?Deseret Book SalutesThe World Conference on Records with these aids to research.! If

"Record Protection in an Uncertain World"

UMKH.M& *iMt.

is II pjndmentals - 1 ''- * oeneaJoqica] T?gseaRCD % *.|

1. FUNDAMENTALS OF GENEALOGICAL 2. REGISTER OF L.D.S. CHURCH RECORDS 3. GENEALOGY IN AMERICA 4. A STUDY IN FINDING AIDS FOR

RESEARCH by Laureen R. Jaussi and Gloria D. Chaston Volume One—Massachusetts, Connecticut AMERICAN GENEALOGICAL RESEARCH

R. Jaussi D. Chastonby Laureen and Gloria Kirkham Maine and by E. Kay This to Fundamentals book is a companion

Edgar Wright by Norman It little is written indiof for the This Genealogical Research. is an easyto- booklet is just off the press this This book many

viduals who are willing and want to complete use reference book that will be welcomed by This is the first in a series of volumes demonth. Its small size belies its importance

their own genealogical research, but who every genealogical researcher, as it contains signed to identify genealogical sources in to genealogical researchers. Contained withneed additional help. over 11,500 Genealogical Society call numNorth America. It deals specifically with the in its covers are hundreds of basic source

The authors are experienced genealogists bers of microfilmed L.D.S. Church Records. three states listed above. material in common use by experienced genwho believe that genealogical researchers All persons involved in any kind of genIn this volume the author gives detailed ealogists. This book shows how to locate and

need detailed knowledge of genealogical reealogical research will need this book for information on source materials available in use such tools as catalogs... atlases...

search methods. Here they introduce a sysmore effective and efficient use of their time. each of the states. newspapers... pictures... obituaries...

tematic approach and provide information $3.95 Even though the three states are related maps... indexes... censuses... old letregarding the records to search. $2.95 geographically, the author notes a wide variters... textbooks... gazetteers... files

ation in their creation and management of... histories... bibliographies... and many

records and so provides the needed help to other fundamental source materials.

understand research methods in each state. To many, this little book will be the key to

$4.50 more efficient research, a real time saver.

BOOKOF-THEMONTH $1.25

BONUS VALUE 6. GENEALOGY FROM ADAM TO THE 12 TRIBES

NOW... JULY ONLY... $2.95 Deseret Book Co., the largest, Thisby Johnis a Paulset ofPratt7 charts designed to fit into a Book of

finest source Remembrance.chart fully documented.The chartsToincludehelp beginners,the wives withthereeachis a

of genealogical supplies brief explanation of how to read the charts. $1.00

under one roof in the West.

AMERICANS 'Bgsenetr'

WORLD CONFERENCE O N

ORDER FROM RECORDS DESERET COMPANY BOOK Wj\ Temple, Utah East South 84110 44 C0\mh%*$$5$\ '*.%m Calif. MU\3.A||P Main, Orange, So. 92668 Town 777 OR Salt& Country,Lake City, MSimiM* iJ'O,CO MM m

Regularly $3.95 *MMiWl$SSk'circled: Please items send 3 5 6 4 me II 11 QCQi7Dl7 12 5JJ*if|jjfSj?

This Total include cost $.! must AMERICANS FOR 5. GENEALOGY SIMPLIFIED 4'/2% 1 Salt Lake, residents ordering from Utah tax from 1> E. Kirkham or CAITOnL Kayby mMMSmJSk!*)* California tax from residents ordering from sales5% sales s? AfEI *V>3lS?iv""''izT.yK*''i'>?2B3* research is genealogist every text to whose an essential Here order; or rj Paid check; rj charge Orange. by money [j DAIrnLnl/L Jg J

skilled genealogist him- a author,field U.S.A. involves established the The account | t Lake Sa c utah to genealogical practical approach a self, herein presented has

Name it stimulating in interesting manand anresearch. presents He

will Visit there. booth. our Deseret be Book researcher. well experienced the as forner as beginner the

ress for in to go direction points which the important book This (2V2 blocks to our headquarters away) Come the explained All as have been genealogical terms success. CitY in for write Binders "Genealogical or our & local library of the the recordstext home, through progresses

and the National Archives. state Zip Supplies"catalog and price list.

July 1969 July 1969 Era 19 Testimonies of answered prayers and had written letters to family members known to have been alive in 1941, but all to no avail. Hence, I

even visitations of wrote to Somerset House. I received a letter informing me that unless the precise parish register or

persons who have died religious demonination was known, help could not be given. By this time I had followed every tip that had

been given me, searching census, county records,

Latterday Saints know the source of direction of such everything I could think of.

an experience as this: "On the morning of January 15, 1956, after my hus-

"One particular morning I had spent several hours band had departed for work and my offspring had in the Genealogical Library going through Phillimore gone to school, I spread all the data pertaining to the

Marriage Indexes searching for the marriage of one problem on my kitchen table, and then knelt and of my second greatgrandfathers from England. Preprayed earnestly and tearfully: If this work be true,

viously, I had spent many unsuccessful hours searching and if you desire me to do this work, I must have for the information. About noon I decided to go to help. I can go no further.'When I arose from my

the Salt Lake Temple to check some sealings of knees, printed on one of the records in bold letters children to parents whose records were not on microfor my eyes to see sufficiently long enough in durafilm. When I finished I decided to go home, as my tion was one word—Methodist. I knew instantly that

four children would soon be home from school. But somewhere in the Methodist Church was the key to

as I was hurrying to catch my bus the thought came my dilemma.

forcefully to me, 'Why don't you go back to the library "Lacking the name of the minister, I again knelt and look for George again?'I brushed the impression in prayer, seeking guidance in writing a letter so that

away with the thought that it was time to be preparing it would be received kindly. I sent the letter to the

the evening meal, and so I headed for the bus. But, superintendent of Methodist churches in the locale.

peculiarly, without even knowing it I was walking By return mail I received two letters, one from a back to the library, all the time wondering why I was minister with data on a woman named Ellen, who returning to the library when I was convinced I should turned out to be my husband's greatgrandmother. The

go home. As I entered the library I walked straight to second letter was from another minister who informed

the shelf of the Phillimore Marriage Indexes and me that Ellen was his mother, and that the person for picked up one of the indexes and hurriedly thumbed whom I was searching was his uncle. In the course

through the book, and there before me I noticed the of the next one and a half years he gave us much entry of my greatgrandfather's marriage. What had information. Without his help we would not have

been a problem for a long time was quickly and, to me, completed the group sheets because few of the births miraculously resolved."of my husband's grandfather were even registered due

Numerous also are accounts such as this: to the mobility of the family. Without the guidance

"My husband's paternal grandfather was a convert of someone across the veil, we would not have acimmigrant from England, a renting farmer who moved complished our purposes."

often from town to town. In a little black book he Visitations of persons who have died are not unrecorded the names and dates of birth of his ten usual. This experience is told by two sisters:

children and of his parents, two brothers, and one "During December 1968 my sister and I had spent sister. There were no explanatory words as to whether considerable time trying to locate missing links in our

this was the complete family. Shearer family genealogy. Knowing my help would

'Wishing to have the temple ordinances performed, be limited because of poor health, I prayed before

I prepared a family group sheet and submitted it to going to the Genealogical Archives in Salt Lake City the Genealogical Society, but was informed that it was for guidance that would lead us to the information we not acceptable until I had checked all available sources. needed. My sister prayed also. We met at the library

Since a law had been passed in England, effective as planned and selected a table on the south wall on

July 1837, requiring registration of all births of the ground floor.

children, it was presumed that I should be able to "As we sat down, we noticed a woman and two men write Somerset House of England and there obtain sitting at a table adjacent to us. The woman was

certificates of birth and death of this family. Previous turned completely around, with her back to her table,

to this, however, I had searched parish registers of facing us. The men were facing us across their table.

the Church of England in the locale in which he lived, All three were staring at us. They did nothing else

20 Improvement Era r 1. CLASSIC EXPERIENCES & 2. PIONEER & INDIAN STORIES

ADVENTURES by Lucy Parr The adventures in this book are culled from Readers of all ages will delight with these a series originally published by the Juvenile original stories of life on the American

Instructor in the 1880's under the direction Frontier. White men and Red men, good

of President George Q. Cannon. Four of those men and bad men, meet in these pages to

books which formed part of the Faithplay out their roles against the colorful pioPromoting Series—titled Labors in the neer background.

Vineyard, Eventful Narratives, Scraps of

Biography, and Helpful Visions—are re- $2.50

published for our edification in the present volume.

$3.95

Summer Reading 4. WHEAT FOR MANWhy and How

Written & Compiled by Vernice G.

Rosenvall, Mabel H. Miller and Dora 3. MEANINGFUL LIVING Pleasure D. Flack

by Paul H. Dunn A new revised and enlarged edition with

Here is the formula for successful modern interesting new recipes with whole wheat living as revealed through the deep insight products. The recipes developed exand rich overtones of Jesus'teachings. It is pressly for the use of stoneground whole

a downto-earth, practical analysis of the wheat flour... are economical as well as

Sermon on the Mount. nutritious and will point the way for every

$3.00 fullhousewifehealth topotentialmore completelyof wheat, toutilizethe ultithe

mate benefit of her entire household.

Look for special article on this book on page 84 of this issue of the Improvement Era.

$1.50

5. AN ENEMY HATH DONE THIS 6. THE WAY TO PEACE

by Ezra Taft Benson by Mark E. Petersen

Titled after a biblical parable depicting an f% With turmoil and conflict growing deeper enemy's secret work of destruction. This ****** throughout the world, an apostle speaks new work by Elder Benson is a compilation AN ****** out against modern evils and gives us an

of his to true writings. Hardhitting speeches and peace. A dynamic

this forthrightly spirited, the specific exENEMYJgr*.*; writer,inspiredElderguidePetersen points and uses volume

amples to show how individual freedoms are way to happiness through peace which the being washed away—and in sounding this HATJJ Master offers.

warning, the author gives a solution to stem DONE $3.95 the tide.

$4.95 THIS

BOOKCRAFT 7-69 P.O. Box 268, Salt Lake City, Utah 84110

Please send the following circled book(s) for which I enclose check or money order

in the amount BOOKCRAFT 3 4 5 6 P.O. Box 268 of12

Salt Lake City Name Utah 84110 Address City, State, Zip Residents of Utah add 4Vi% sales tax. Prices subject to change without notice.

July 1969 21 to at back pictures in that the look Saic*'''m oin "I Can't COme thrOUQh the Qate

I.'book.'instant reply 'So was, am My

-j-,.. "Upon reopening the book we found a picture of

lilt! IOCK IS On yOUr Slue, James Shearer, his son, and the picture of a very

familiar face, a Harriet Brown, his wife. My sister

sa*'That is the woman who was staring at us alland the keV iS in the lOCk '"morning.'My sister and I disagree on many things, but

on this we could not disagree. My quick reply was,

It certainly is.'Returning the next day we realized

that the mission of Harriet Brown was to identify the book for us.

but watch our every move. When we would leave our "We later confirmed that our greatgrandmother

table looking for records, they would put their heads would have known this family. Interestingly, neither

together and talk. This went on all morning. Their of us remember seeing the faces of the men. It is our

intense interest made me wonder who they were. I fervent testimony that we were blessed with this

stared back at the woman, studying her features, tryexperience in answer to our prayers and much work."

ing to remember if I had known her sometime. The There are many accounts of visitations in dreams,

woman stared back with a look indicating that she such as the report by the late President William E.

knew me. I kept thinking maybe she would make Waters of the Brisbane (Australia) Stake concerning

herself known. a woman in his stake whose husband was not a mem-

"At noon we were preparing to leave for lunch, and ber. Sometime after the husband died, the wife had a

these people moved closer to us, standing instead of dream in which she saw him trying to get through sitting. The woman stared so intensely I again had an a gate into a garden where she was sitting. He said

urge to approach her but something held me back, to her, "I can't come through the gate. The lock is on

Since we were in a hurry for lunch, I dismissed it from your side, and the key is in the lock."The woman was

my mind."strongly motivated to do her husband's ordinance

The other sister continues: work.

"After lunch we tried to find a Shearer history in Indication that the specific ordinance work of the the card files but were unsuccessful. We did get some temple is known by those across the veil is also not

books on American Shearers, but nothing connecting unusual. A college professor and his wife recently had

our Shearers from England with Shearers in Ireland, an adopted child sealed to them in the temple. "As

where a research consultant informed us our lines you were sealing this child to us,"reported the wife to probably led. As I was looking at a history a voice the temple president, "my mother stood right beside

said to me, 'There is a Shearer history in the library, you while you were performing the ceremony. I saw

Go get it.'her just as plain as day."

"I went immediately to the family history shelf. Another recent incident, April 30, 1968, involved a

However, a woman was sitting in front of the 'S'sectemple visitor who reported that "the sister for whom tion. Rather than disturb her I took some books I I was acting proxy informed me that she was diswanted in the 'R'section. turbed because her birth date was wrong. She also

Once more I was prompted to return to the shelves, corrected the pronunciation of her name."

As I approached, the woman, still sitting there, asked, Nowhere, however, is the manifestation of the Spirit 'Are you looking for something behind me?'I remore apparent than in the Genealogical Society's

plied, T am looking for a Shearer history.'She half acquisition of the basic records from which geneturned and without hesitating handed me a book, a alogical data arises. In seemingly strange and curious

small little book on American Shearers. In this book ways records are added to the Genealogical Library,

we found exactly what we needed, information provThe following are several reports by personnel at the ing that some Shearers were taken by Cromwell to library:

Ireland. The book was full of pictures, and we looked "Sometime ago we received over 600 old English

at some of the pictures. county directories, carefully assembled through many

"Toward the end of the day we decided to return decades by an English clergyman, long since retired, the next day to study the book further. We took the He had been impressed by the personal behavior and

elevator to the ground floor, and were almost to the conduct of some American soldiers billeted near his front door when simultaneously it hit us. My sister home and decided to bequeath his extensive collection

22 Improvement Era to some library in America. His inquiries led him to in temple work is reported by Selvoy J. Boyer, former

select the Genealogical Society in Salt Lake City."president of the London Temple:

Another incident: "A young returned missionary "When I was called to preside over the London

came to the Society with an inventory of genealogical Temple I asked President McKay how I would acquire and historical materials belonging to the widow of a temple workers in London where I knew of only one prominent physician on Deer Island in New England, couple who had served in that capacity. He said.

whose hobby for decades had been collecting local 'Gather a list of names and I'll go over them.'So the

records of people living on the Upper Penobscot Bay. Saturday after the dedication in September 1958

On making contact with the deceased doctor's wife, President McKay said, 'Have you got your list of we examined records for two days. The collection was names?'I replied, 'Yes.'I took the list out of my

reputed to be the largest private collection of its kind pocket. I had 12 couples listed.

in New England. The records had been gathered in "He said, 'Go ahead and read them.'Now, he had

over fifty years of practice and visiting patients over never even met most of these people, not even to an extensive area. shake their hands. I read, 'Brother and Sister Soand-

"In negotiating the price with the owner, she menso.'He said, 'They'll be all right.'I read another

tioned that her husband had paid over $14,000.00 in couple. He said, 'Don't use them.'We went down the

typist fees alone to place some of the compilations in a complete list and I obtained my six couples needed semblance of order. After giving her our appraisal, for temple workers. I watched with interest those few

we invited her to ask other organizations to appraise couples whose names were not approved. The Prophet

her material and gave her the names of every large was right about each one; some of them have even

library in the United States that might be interested in broken from the Church."

acquiring her collection. She visited a large library Genealogical and temple work is often motivated

in the East and was on the verge of selling when she by individual patriarchal blessings that members of said she was 'overpoweringly impressed to break negothe Church have received. Hundreds of thousands of

tiations and return home by the fastest means and call Latterday Saints have been directed and sustained the Genealogical Society.'Later, this woman joined by the promises and fulfillment of promises afforded

the Church, and then said, 'I know now why I was so them in blessings such as the following: "Thy calling

forcefully impressed that these records were to go to lies at home and abroad. You shall delve in the

the Church.'archives of the ancients and the records of the past

Such records, however, are of religious value only in shall be unfolded unto you... this is thy special

the role they play in providing data about our dead calling and if you are faithful, as the Lord liveth, you ancestors who are in need of ordinances of salvation. shall accomplish it....""You have been called out of

An incident reflecting the sacredness of those engaged the world into the light of the gospel that you might

The Perishables

By Dorothy J. Roberts

Perhaps I pictured us forever young, Though winter paled the faces of the aged,

Exempt from law and common recompense, And snoiv lay sprinkled there as on the tree,

Seeing spring resurgent in the pear My sight ivas blind before its inference;

And risen tulips flame along the fence. The April cycle only sang to me....

I must have fancied time would pass me by, How late to make acquaintance now with time

Or drearned myself immune to toll of tears, When frost has loosed stilettoes in the air.

Mine the privilege to see you train the rose The tools have rusted and your garden shoes

And trim the juniper along the years. Have stood the empty seasons on the stair.

Was I lulled by the resurrected leaf, Spring was sweet; the fall and summer long;

By summer's bud repeating on the bough And winter never chilled my supple bone.

Into believing immortality Yet now the rose is bramble and the pear

Was ours to hold in some forevernow? But petals withered on a fact of stone.

July 1969 23 perform those necessary labors which shall free your Another incident involved a SpanishAmerican famancestors from bondage... they have been taught ily with ten children who drove all the way in a

the gospel and their spirits now reach out to you and pickup truck from Texas to be sealed in the temple.

they shall exert a mighty influence in your future life."President O. Leslie Stone of the Salt Lake Temple

Motivated by such divine commissions, impelled expresses for fellow temple workers throughout the often by an unexplained drive, and prompted by those Church this observation: "You have to be in the

across the veil, is it any wonder that Latterday Saints temple, performing its important and vital work, to around the world have testified to the renewal of appreciate the Spirit and influence that emanate from health, even the extension of life itself in order to do our Father in heaven. A principle symbolic of temple

this holy work? For similar reasons, thousands have work is that God is no respecter of persons. No matter

sacrificed in an inspiring manner in order to accomwho you are, you perform the same labors as the.

plish their temple work. brother near you. This is true of our patrons as well

"A great experience in my life has been to observe as our workers. We have over one thousand volunteer

the sacrifices made by members of the Church to workers in the Salt Lake Temple. We have millioncome to the temple,"says President Edward H. Sorenaires working alongside common laborers with equal

sen, second counselor in the Salt Lake Temple presiresponsibility. We have bankers, lawyers, doctors,

dency. "They will do almost anything righteous in bricklayers, mechanics—every vocation imaginable—

order to come. This past December, on Friday bebut in the temple, the spirit of brotherhood is at work

tween Christmas and New Year's, a man, wife, and for the salvation of our beloved, very real, and very five children came from New Jersey. I asked them alive ancestors who are in the spirit world. It is a workhow they had come, and they replied that they had that brings more joy and happiness to more people

driven through the southern part of the United States than anything else with which I have ever been assoto avoid bad roads in the Plains states. He said, T have ciated. God blesses it daily, and no one can involve

taken my vacation, the children are out of school, himself in it without obtaining a burning testimony and we decided to take our Christmas money and that the work is divine."

come to the temple and be sealed. We had no gifts Of such are the spirit and experiences of those enthis year, only the anticipation of the gift we would gaged in genealogy and temple work. Well indeed

receive by being sealed in the temple with our children. has our Savior promised, "If any man will do his will,

For all of us, it is the best Christmas present we have he shall know of the doctrine, whether it be of God, ever had.'or whether I speak of myself."(John 7:17.) O

Brief Words: July 24, 1847

By Pansye H. Powell

In greatest moments, men do not When Nathan Hale on death's pretend dark threshold said Elaboration of their daily speech, Just thirteen words that spoke

Nor do they quote philosophy nor his patriot heart, preach, His ivords became a nation's savBecause they know that eloing grace.

quence would lend An air of practiced falsity, and send The truth to realms no listener Just so the travelers whom a could reach. prophet led

Great moments are not those Were lifted above.wagon bed and

when maxims teach, cart Nor those when, tears and oraWhen Brigham said the words, tory blend. "This is the place!"

24 Improvement Era Air West flies 8 flights a day from Los Angeles International to Las Vegas.

Air West flies 3 flights a day from Orange County Air Terminal to Las Vegas.

Air West flies 3 flights a day from Hollywood'Burbank to Las Vegas.

Air West flies 2 flights a day from Ontario to Las Vegas.

Air West flies 3 flights a day from San Diego to Las Vegas.

Air West flies 1 flight a day from Palm Springs to Las Vegas.

Air West flies 1 flight a day from Fresno to Las Vegas.

Air West flies 2 flights a day from San Jose to Las Vegas.

Air West flies 2 flights a day from San Francisco to Las Vegas.

Air West flies 1 flight a day from Sacramento to Las Vegas.

Air West flies 4 flights a day from Reno to Las Vegas.

Air West flies 3 flights a day from Salt Lake City to Las Vegas.

Air West flies 3 flights a day from Cedar City to Las Vegas.

Air West flies 5 flights a day from Grand Canyon to Las Vegas.

Air West flies 2 flights a day from Tucson to Las Vegas.

Air West flies 8 flights a day from Phoenix to Las Vegas.

Air West flies 2 flights a day from Eugene to Las Vegas.

Air West flies 1 flight a day from Monterey/Carmel to Las Vegas.

Air West flies 1 flight a day from Seattle to Las Vegas.

Air West flies 2 flights a day from Palmdale/Lancaster to Las Vegas.

(Most of these are nonstop jet flights. Call your Travel

Agent or Air West about taking any one of them.)

airline Now what you think of when you think of LasVegas?

July 1969 25 How toUse Genealogical a short story

1. Seeking to probe an unconfirmed

report that a Jeffery Bell is part of her Bell ancestry, Julie Ann Eberhard registers at the library and consults with an information specialist.

2. She is told to fill out a Temple

Index Bureau (TIB) request form for a search of the 38 million individually listed names for whom temple ordinance work has been performed, to determine if his work has already been done. The

report is negative.

3. She then goes to the archives

section and searches among family group binders (family units that have already been sealed) to see if there is any additional information extending the Bell line that is unknown to her.

4. Julie locates records of her greatgrandmother Ann Bell, and happily

learns that Ann's parents were a

John and Mary from Haltwhistle,

Northumberland, England.

5. To record the information, she

takes the family group sheet to a duplicating machine.

6. She then goes to the card catalogue to search in books, maps,

film, and pamphlets for information about Bells, and finds some

Bell family history references.

7. Julie goes to the book shelves

and locates the Bell family histories,

Improvement Era

Our Libraries..

in pictures

but she is unable to connect her line to any.

8. She then goes to the parish register printouts of the Haltwhistle

parish, hoping to locate a Jeffery

Bell. Although this source is often

fruitful, it was not this time.

9. Hoping that her ancestor would

have left a will, Julie goes to the probate register and searches for

Northumberland probates. She locates film numbers for index and

probate films of the years in which she has calculated her Jeffery Bell would have left a will.

10. After obtaining the films, she

views the index at a microfilm viewing machine. Suddenly she locates

a Jeffery Bell of Nichol, Haltwhistle, 1797. The number of the

film containing the will is noted.

11. Julie gets the probate film and

happily finds Jeffery Bell's will. It

states that he was of West Nichol,

Haltwhistle parish, and lists his wife's name as Jane Bell, his son as

John, and John's two children as

Mary and Ann. With additional

minor verification, Julie has extended her lineage and is ready to submit new names of family ancestors for temple ordinance work. Her

short three hours have been immensely important in the eternal lives of several persons.

July 1969 The game began a year ago when we all were sitting around the picnic table—the annual Goss gettogether at my cousin Carl's place

in the country. The familiar subject

was being passed with the potato salad, the barbecued chicken, and the pecan rolls. My husband took

another of the rolls. "You know,"

he said, "as an outsider who happened to marry a Goss, I've developed such a curiosity about your cousin Wallace that I figure he must be at least eight feet tall and running a schooner between the

Maldives."

Improvement Era

Amid our laughter, Phelps Goss rose and rapped And how did I know Wallace wasn't residing in a for attention. "Lawrence has pretty much spoken for quiet little village somewhere?

us in our attitude toward Wallace. I hereby propose Flopping open the first directory, I sighed. I just

a game of buttonbutton. Who can find Wallace by could hope he liked, or his work kept him in, a big

next year's picnic?"city. Akron, Atlanta, Baltimore, Birmingham—Gosses

All of us liked the idea. I could see the brightened there were, but no Wallace T. (Turner was his

interest on everyone's face. mother's maiden name.)

"Isn't it only fair to pool our background material?"Then I hauled out Boston and there it was! Goss,

This was Sally Goss Anderson. "I saw him last when Wallace—Commonwealth Avenue. Excitedly I copied

he came home on liberty from the navy in 1944. I the name and address into the little purse notebook

was only seven years old and so impressed with his the children gave me last Christmas.

knowledge of the world."Buffalo, Chicago, Cincinnati—I checked out a dozen

"I think that was about it for the rest of us,"said directories before the name suddenly appeared again.

Phelps. "I never saw or heard from him again."Indianapolis—and this time it was really Wallace T.,

But Mary Goss, who divulged information as if she West Eighteenth Street. I was certain I'd found himl

were addressing the board meeting of the savings and But five cities later here was W. T. Goss in Louisville.

loan association of which she was an officer, added Carefully, I listed him in the notebook. And now I

a postscript: wasn't very surprised to come across Wallace Goss in

"In 1952 I was in New York City, attending a Newark. Since that was just a river or so away from

bank training seminar, and I found a Wallace Goss New York, wasn't he the most likely? Dutifully I

listed in the telephone directory. With more than also put down the Wallace in Phoenix as well as the

usual temerity, for me, I dialed the number."She one in San Francisco. There was another W. T. in

paused, and wev waited in fascinated silence before Washington, D.C. It was a physical relief to come to

she apparently decided to speak her mind. "Although the end of those heavy directories.

he rather emphatically denied he was our Wallace, I "So you have seven candidates."My husband

feel quite certain it was he."took a helping of summer squash. "Are you going to

"Why?"one of us asked. write the same thing to each one?"

"He sounded familiar. After all,"she said, de- "If I can just formulate a reasonably clear letter."

fensively, "we grew up as first cousins right in the I handed the platter of cornon-thecob to our daughsame small town. But the following year, when I ter, Shirley.

was again in New York, he was no longer in the "Let me do the typing,"she begged. "I need the

phone book."practice."

Carl's wife produced some of the old family snapShe did indeed. But after something like twenty

shots. However, a picture of a tenyear-old in a starts she produced seven very professionallooking

belted bathing suit with a sort of sleeveless T-shirt top letters. "Now let's hope they'll all be answered,"I said,

wasn't very helpful. I studied the face. It was extra licking the envelopes.

sober for a youngster, but then, he was orphaned the For awhile it seemed nobody would answer. Our

year before by a car accident and had come to live postman left mail for everyone except me. "They all

with our grandparents. probably think I'm trying to intrude on their privacy,"

"He always did seem aloof."Reflectively, Phelps I moaned.

put down his punch glass. "But I guess none of us ever "Some of them may have changed their addresses,"

tried hard enough to include him."my husband suggested kindly.

In the little ensuing quiet I realized that I wanted "Mother!"cried Shirley a day later, as she shot

very much to know what had become of Wallace Goss. through the front door. "You've heard! You've heard!"

My first opportunity for searching came when I She was holding out two letters, one envelope a long stopped by the business office of the telephone comwhite business size, the other a social correspondencepany to pay our bill. The racks holding the fat directype in beige.

tories for major cities across the country caught my eye. I was too curious to open them carefully. "It's the

Mary Goss had used one—why couldn't I? Of course, Wallace T. from Indianapolis!"Eagerly I scanned the

it was a very small needlein-a-haystack way to hunt. few typed paragraphs.

As my husband had pointed out right after the picnic, "I regret to tell you the T in my name stands not there are more than three hundred cities in the United for Turner but Tertle, which caused me in my childStates that have over fifty thousand in population. hood to be known as Wally Turtle. Oddly, I was born

July 1969 29 the same year as your Wallace T., but I've never even The next day the answer from the Washington W. T.

crossed your state...."arrived. Although he wasn't Wallace, he wrote, but

"His secretary typed it for him."Shirley pointed to Walker Thaddeus Goss, he did hope we'd look him

the WG:ec at the letter's end. up if we came sightseeing in the capital.

"Cross off one hopeful,"I said, ripping open the "Might just do that,"my husband commented.

beige envelope. A sheaf of ripe wheat decorated the That made three down, with four more to go. I

note paper. wondered how the other buttonbutton players were

"How perfectly charming to be suspected of being a doing. Suppose several or all of them hunted by way

Wallace Turner Goss!"The large, graceful handwritof the telephone books? Being asked over and over if

ing continued on the inside page. "But I must inform you were Wallace Turner Goss when you were really

you that the W. T. are the initials of Winifred Taylor Winifred Taylor Goss wouldn't stay a "perfectly

Goss. I am a professor of drama at our university and charming"experience for long.

have tried to be a lady all my life!""You find more things to worry about!"my husband

"Cross her off,"Shirley giggled merrily. said.

[] QOTciD 1/floagQOO c\B

:s

rmTTTn Several days later a letter came, postmarked Boston, about it while a busy fall rolled into an equally busy and I began to smile after the first sentence. winter. If any of the other Gosses had located him, no

"You've found him!"Shirley shrieked. one included the news in Christmas card notes or

I shook my head. "No. But his letter's nice."regular correspondence, and I never asked. Then one

"I do indeed wish I might tell you I am your misMarch day when our clumps of daffodils were beplaced relative and I do wish I was eligible to attend ginning to nod in yellow welcome by our front steps, that family reunion where I expect the food is de- I got out the seven answers. I smiled again over

licious and the company affectionate. In actual fact, Wally Turtle and Winifred Taylor and the lovely mesmy birthplace was England more than eighty years ago, sage from the retired minister. I read them all and—

which does place me rather distantly in age and other- a startling thought came to me.

wise from your cousin. I am now living in retirement No one was home with whom to discuss it. Perhaps

after half a century as a minister of the gospel. Our if there had been, I'd have been dissuaded. But,

Savior's parable of the ninety and nine (Luke 15) after an hour of floor pacing and talking to myself, I contains a verse I pray you will find true for your rewrote a letter, then hurried to mail it in the box on union. our corner before I changed my mind.

"'And when he cometh home, he calleth together his Our next reunion came the third week in June. It

friends and neighbours, saying unto them, Rejoice with was a beautiful, sunny Saturday, and I was helping me; for I have found my sheep which was lost.'set the long picnic table. A car with Arizona plates

Shirley sighed, refolding the letter and slipping it pulled under the enveloping shade of the walnut trees back into its envelope. "He's the best unrelative we've and, as we all watched, a tall, middleaged man got

met yet."out. I started to say something, but Mary Goss spoke

So the next reply was quite in contrast—a coolly ahead of me.

polite few sentences from Newark. Mrs, Wallace Goss "Wallace!"she cried in happy astonishment. "Walinformed us her husband passed away several years lace!"

before, and "his wellknown background makes your His sober face lighted just a little when he smiled.

assumption totally incorrect,"she added. "It's been a long time,"he said.

"Assumption!"I laughed ruefully. "I can consider "Not too long,"I said shakily. "Not too late."And

my wrist slapped."his smile deepened.

The sixth answer was the Wallace in Phoenix. "I'm Amid the hubbub that burst out I stood back, waitsorry I can't say I am the Wallace Goss for whom you ing my turn to greet him. Nobody knew, and I

are searching. I'm sure your intention is kind, but in wasn't going to explain what I'd finally realized. Of

my unasked opinion it might really be kinder to let the seven to whom I'd written, only one mentioned him remain as he has apparently chosen—on a separate being queried by others. If those "others"were

path. Yours is one of several inquiries I've received—utilizing outof-state telephone directories, then why

hence my opinion, for which I apologize."just Phoenix? None of us lived in that area. But more

"Maybe he's right,"said our older son. "Maybe important, he hadn't written "I am not the Wallace

Cousin Wallace likes being lost."Goss for whom you are searching"but "I can't say I

"Maybe,"said my husband, "it isn't kindness but am...."And then "it might really be kinder to let

just curiosity motivating this buttonbutton business."him remain... on a separate path."

I drew a long breath. "Maybe,"I said, uncertainly. That March day I'd left it up to him. "We yearn for

When the final answer came I felt embarrassed to a second chance to include you in the family circle.

even open it. How many other Gosses had written this The decision is entirely yours, but don't let the past rV"

Wallace in San Francisco? He didn't say, and his letter shut out the present."

was the most businesslike of the seven. "As a memHe hadn't replied. Instead—he had come.

ber of the police department, I am giving you several With a deep feeling of gratitude I looked around at suggestions to aid in vour search."There followed the smiling faces.

quite a listing, including the Missing Persons Bureau. "... Rejoice with me; for I have found my sheep

Although I really did appreciate his time and effort. which was lost."O

I found it depressing. Was the real Wallace Goss a

man in the shadows of an unpleasant past? Was it Beverley Sawin, library assistant in a Salem, Oregon,,

better to follow the advice of the Wallace in Phoenix senior high school, has been selling freelance fiction and "let him remain as he has apparently chosen"? since the 1940's.

For a long time I did nothing more—just thought

July 1969 31 la

iS&ffA By Margaret H. Allen

Genealogy Birds

"Well is he who can smile at himself,"notes an old adage. After years of

genealogical research and warm association with fellow genealogists, I have smiled many times at myself and fellow workers.

As a group, we have the capacity to be highly peculiar and so unusual in some respects that long ago I began cataloguing the remarkable varieties and 'species that make up this wonderful world of genealogists. Occasionally, some

persons think of us as "strange birds"indeed.

Here, then, is my gallery of beloved genealogy birds:

The Proud Crested Sap Seeker: This bird is determined to trace his lineage

back to some famous historical figure, in spite of an overwhelming lack of evidence. He consistently claims descent from George Washington or Queen Elizabeth I, in spite of the fact that both of them died without issue. His nest is built

of old, rusted coats of arms that he picks up wherever he finds them, claiming them for his own. It is drafty and full of holes.

The GimletEyed Name Collector (commonly known as the Copycat Bird):

An ambitious fellow, he is most often found in libraries, reading and copying every bit of information having to do with the names of his lines. He accepts

and records as truth everything he finds. He does not bother to verify the

information. He is concerned with quantity, not quality. His nest is loosely

constructed of old pedigree charts and family group sheets, held together by one or two slender threads of evidence. It is always destroyed by the gentlest

breeze of truth, leaving the bird homeless.

The HandWringing Wailer: His song is familiar to everyone—"I can't,

1 'can't, I can't."He is a very sad bird, and tiresome to those who have to lister)!

to him. He is aware of his responsibility but is unwilling to do anything about

it. His conscience bothers him. His first few attempts were unsuccessful, so

he made up his mind that tracing ancestors is an impossible task. This bird does

not build a nest. He flies around looking forlorn and unhappy, hoping some

other bird will build it for him.

The Addlepated Roadrunner: This bird wants to do everything by himself,

and tries to go all directions at once. He is aware that others might be doing

the same work, but he cannot be bothered to pause to see what has already been done. He runs madly hither and yon, working on all lines at once, often missing

important information because of his speed. When he compiles a reasonably

goodsize family record and submits it to the archives, he generally finds that most of the work has already been done by someone else. He thinks he is too

busy to build a nest and is so intent upon his task that he never rests. This

species is shortlived, usually succumbing from exhaustion.

The BuckPassing Staller: Probably the most common of birds, he is seen

and heard everywhere. He is a brother to the HandWringing Wailer—it is hard

to distinguish between their songs. If one listens closely, however, it becomes

easy to hear this bird singing, "I don't have time. And anyway, Cousin Gertrude

is doing it."He tries to make up for his lack of interest by keeping busy in

other ways. But no matter how many other things he does, he can't quite excuse

himself. So, like his close relative, he bores the other birds with his constant

excuses. His nest is of generally good construction, but it lacks architectural

quality because he has not used all the materials necessary for an eternal dwelling.

The RecordClutching Tightivad: This bird is unique among genealogy

birds. He has spent a lifetime and many dollars collecting a vast amount of

genealogy. He has in his possession priceless records. But this unfortunate bird

is so busy guarding his records that he can never fly to the heights. He is a very

lonely bird. He does not have a song, but instead a strident, raucous call: "This is

mine—you can get your own!"His nest is an impregnable fortress. Ornithologists

fear that this bird is heading for selfdestruction, because he will not come out \of his nest, nor let others in.

The Hardheaded Fact Finder: This bird is a cautious, slowmoving creature.

His rarely heard song is a soft, melodious, "Study, search, and pray."He sings

only when he has something to sing about, yet he is a gregarious fellow. He is

often found among flocks of other birds but is hard to identify because he looks so much like the rest of them. This bird must see for himself and never goes on

assumption or hearsay. He is happy to share what he has with all who are

interested. His nest is large and strongly built to withstand the worst tempest.

Bird watchers are delighted to notice an increase in his numbers, for he is, without doubt, the best of all the genealogy birds.—,

sis

Illustrated by Dale Ki/bourn By MabelRuth Jackson/ Remember "Mrs. Grant, you ought to write that down!"I exletter to your grandchildren, and it won't matter what

claimed. order your 'rememberings'are in. Don't forget to put

I was calling on an elderly acquaintance who had things in about your parents and grandparents, their just told me some fascinating stories about her right names, and what state or states they lived in."

growingup days in a western state. "My mother's father came from Iowa to California

"Oh, I couldn't,"she protested. "I'm not a writer."in 1850,"she broke in, She smiled. "He was always

"I didn't mean for publication,"I assured her. "I'm sorry he was a year too late to be a FortyNiner. He

thinking of your family, of your descendants. I'm sure bought a ranch in Nevada, and that was where I was

you've told your children many stories—"born. He raised different kinds of grain and kept

"My children, my grandchildren, and now my cows. My mother used to make butter, and sometimes

greatgrandchildren,"she broke in, smiling tenderly, she sold some of it. We didn't have paper the way

"have always begged me to tell them stories about they do nowadays, so she would wrap a pound of the past. I know I wouldn't have remembered so butter in a clean old piece of cotton cloth. They used

many things if they hadn't teased me into telling to call it 'shirttail butter.'

them."I laughed. "I never heard of that before. I am

"There you are!"I exclaimed. "And they won't resure you will think of many other unusual things

member them, either, unless—unless they can read when you start to write. I'll bring that notebook."

them. If the happenings are written down, the record "Well—"she began doubtfully, thinking, I knew,

will be invaluable to them and, often, to others. I that she wouldn't be able to write the stories well

read a book once called Grandmother Browns Hunenough. I resolved that I would bring my pen and

dred Years. The things she remembered and told write as she talked. This would get the record started,

about couldn't be found in any history book. Such and then she might be encouraged to add to it.

histories deal mostly with nations and famous men, I did this with another friend who is about twenty with events of great importance to many millions of years younger. I assured her, as I had Mrs. Grant,

people. that she didn't have to be, or try to be, a writer.

"Grandmother Brown told about the everyday life of "Just put things down as they occur to you. It doesn't

her times—how household tasks were accomplished, matter whether they are in sequence of time or not.

for instance. A woman of today, who has a refrigerator, They can be rearranged later if it seems important.

deepfreeze, garbage disposal, dishwasher, and vacuum Perhaps something happens that reminds you of a cleaner, and who can buy all her garments readymade, similar occurrence in the past—something you may

would give up in despair at the prospect of weaving have forgotten for years. Write it down immediately

her own cloth and making all her own and her family's before you forget it again. Pretend you're writing a

clothing. But it would be interesting to read about letter to a friend."

how her forebears did these tasks—how they made "Well,"she said, "I'll try to remember to do it."

their own soap, and perhaps delighted in making it I doubted if she would ever get started by herself, well; how they dipped candles, and did many other so I took another notebook and wrote down some of

things that would seem impossible to today's woman."the things as she told them to me.

"My mother scrubbed all the wash on a board,"At first she was rather selfconscious, but before said Mrs. Grant, "but I had a washing machine. It long reminiscences came pouring out so fast I would

wasn't run by electricity, of course. There was a sort have to ask her to wait until my pencil could catch

of cradle I pushed back and forth. I had a wringer, up. One thing reminded her of another. Something

too, but I had to turn it by hand."I said made her recall her grandfather's account of his

"I'm going to bring you a notebook,"I said, "and you family's experiences in the great Chicago fire—some

can keep it close at hand and write in it as you rehumorous incidents among the tragic ones.

member things. You might pretend you're writing a It has required some prodding to get these and

other friends to continue with their "rememberings"

MabelRuth Jackson, a freelance writer for many years, in writing, but it has seemed worthwhile. And it has

has long encouraged persons to record their memoirs made me wish other "senior citizens"would take the for interested posterity. trouble—and pleasure!—to put on paper the things

worth remembering in their lives. O

34 Improvement Era

Picture Tour

of the Ghurch's Genealogical Facilities

Couple greeted by temple worker upon entering temple. Couple is married in Hawaiian Temple

I I"I HP"

. 1. r—

fasp*5

'", %w.-fjm m fin iiiiiiiiMiTn"jJIm

Genea/og/ca/ Society library, genealogical research nerve center Management committee directs Genealogical Society.

Completing a picture pedigree chart. Patrons search microfilm records.

July 1969 35 Temple Records Index Bureau, in which are stored 38 million names Volunteers at Ogden, Utah, branch library rebind old record books.

Church genealogical class meets in home for detailed study. Typing division, where copies of family group sheets are produced

Microfilm processors handle over 85,000 feet of film at vault daily. Specialists at library record temple ordinances on family group sheets.

Water reservoir at vault is supplied by water seeping through fracture zone. Patron searches among 80,000 genealogical volumes at library.

Technician prints positive film from negative. Ward high priests group leader instructs on genealogical procedures.

{y //

By Dr. Richard Lloyd Anderson

"We have seen and heftedThe Prophet dated the vision of their secret devotions to God. They

"We did handle with our hands—'the three witnesses in June 1829, went to this place, because it had

commenting that the "additional been revealed to Joseph that the "We also saw the engravings—"testimony"of the eight took place plates would be carried thither by

l "soon after."Lucy Mack Smith was one of the ancient Nephites. Here "And we lie not... "

nearby when both events took it was, that those eight witnesses,

With these simple claims, eight place, and she recalled that "in a whose names are recorded in the farmers and artisans publicly refew days"after the vision of the Book of Mormon, looked upon ported that Joseph Smith had three, the believers from Seneca them and handled them."-

shown them ancient plates of the County, New York, visited the The eight men were Christian

Book of Mormon. A practical group Smiths in Manchester, near PalWhitmer, Jacob Whitmer, Peter

who worked with their hands, they myra: Whitmer, Jr., John Whitmer, Hiram

were better able to evaluate the "Soon after they came, all the Page, Joseph Smith, Sr., Hyrum

"appearance of gold"and the male part of the company, with my Smith, and Samuel H. Smith.

"curious workmanship"than eight husband, Samuel, and Hyrum, reThe Smiths are better known picked at random from a modern tired to a place where the family than the four Whitmer brothers and city. were in the habit of offering up their brotherin-law, Hiram Page,

38 Improvement Era the house of Mr. Whitmer."Alteenth century and then said of

though this young minister seems Peter Whitmer, Sr.: "He is spoken

to have been confused in some of by old Fayette residents as a details by what many people told worthy and industrious citizen."7

him, he remembered "two or three"Diedrich Willers, Sr., the respected

of the Whitmer sons among "eight, German Reformed pastor of the who said they were witnesses...."Whitmers, viewed Mormon conThey had seen "certain plates of verts as superstitious, which colored

metal, haying the appearance of his comments on the elder Peter gold.... These eight, we underWhitmer, but he described him

stood, were in company with Smith as "a quiet, unpretending, and apand three others."3 parently honest, candid, and simThe Whitmer family had lived pleminded man."8 Local sources

near Waterloo, New York, for just indicate that the Whitmers wortwo decades when they extended shiped regularly at the early log their hospitality to Joseph Smith structure of Zion's Church, a Gerand believed in his divine call. In manspeaking congregation whose

the early part of this period a stansite is about a mile south of the dard guidebook characterized their Whitmer farm."

township: "The inhabitants [are] Not only the father, but also the

principally of German extract, who sons Christian, Jacob, and John came hither from Pennsylvania."'Whitmer are found in Willers'

The Whitmers were of this class. church records as early as 1822.

In several later interviews, David In 1825, Christian and Jacob, the located the date of the New York two oldest sons, married sisters of

John Whitmer move, which took place when he the prominent Schott family. That

was four years old (1809), and year the 27year-old Christian the inclusion of Peter Whitmer Whitmer was appointed ensign, on the 1810 census at Fayette conone of three commissioned officers firms the family tradition. 5 The in the company of Seneca Grenaproximity of the Whitmers to other diers of the 102nd New York Regipioneer settlers "in the region (the ment of militia. 10 It is clear that

Jolleys and the Schotts) through this oldest Whitmer son was highly three censuses tends to show a single responsible and a recognized leadresidence, confirmation of David's er. He was also elected as one of Jacob Whitmer

statement that the family remained six constables of Fayette township and this article will survey the lives in the same place until their move in 1828 and 1829, the year he and testimonies of this latter group, west with the Mormons in 1831. became a witness of the Book of

with occasional reference to the reThe deeds to Peter Whitmer came Mormon. 11

maining Whitmer brother, David, in four transactions between 1819 The newly "organized Church one of the three witnesses. This and 1827, but almost all settlers of assigned the youngest of the Whitgroup resided in the same neighthis region contracted for their land mer brothers, Peter Whitmer, Jr.,

borhood in Fayette township, and and farmed it for several years beto travel west on a mission to the the Church was organized at the fore gaining formal ownership. 6 Missouri frontier. The sincere

home of the family head, Peter Peter Whitmer and his sons preaching of the young tradesman

Whitmer, Sr. Just one week before were respected citizens of their was remembered by several. Lyman

this event (which took place less township. The father was elected Wight recalled his testimony "that

than a year after their experience overseer of highways in his district he had seen the plates...."12 His

with the plates), a young Baptist in 1826 and 1827 and was also a own terse diary recalled on occaminister visited this household. local school trustee. Diedrich Wilsion: "[W]e declared the Book of

David Marks recorded his impreslers, Jr., onetime Secretary of State Mormon...."13 Following the patsion of "attending a meeting in of New York, prepared a careful tern of the apostle Paul, these

Fayette"on March 29, 1830, "at history of Fayette late in the ninemissionaries supported themselves

July 1969 39

uel Clark, John Jjurtea, lieejatiiin Mntt- *St:. I HMMPartJf, $<?* the brethren were."16 Another correand private by. spondent wrote in the midst of this

Winans. tirj Adams

terror: "[T]he enemy... had WiOB, George emason, and In this CoUector.—Halsey&nstal)ks.—Halsey M4HHBtown >n Tuew

F. Hall, John St. John, Edmund 10 or 12 houses, and W. thrown down that confess L. Burton, Esq, JN i'mtir

Rogers, James Stevenson* i$ for favor to Jr. Wtilartl Miss Elsey Brabv. nearly death, whipped some

.'..., 17 te, strive be Metcalf. Page."H. among whom was

cannot OMTUAl We following gentlemen yeswere The Earlier year, that Whitmer John In the death of Mrs. it rg might elected Officers terday for town the consort FRIDGE, oi'Cu other leaders joined had 1 Mormon at Majou Fayette. of town Galen, of count Wayne iHtary pawin offering as hostages themselves last the Seneca Farmer Chamberlin. Supertnsor.—Enoch noes period, connexions to their of i sustain stop people. the abuse that Woodruff. Town Clerk.—Benjamin bis to cotm*- ment, which can only Eo-j Assessors.-—Daniel John Holman, faith In the but poverty great beetHM&pebumble submission, | Marshall. liioif, amfa William A.

man, of the Commissioners of High Ways,—-Sam-! hope, that their loss is I Latterday Saints regrouped in Clay

leiaoss dtsnel Cook, George Thomas, Tobias PeJ Mrs. Selfridge was an County after their Jackson County

{pious professor the of tine, son. What of All expulsion. witthe Whitmer Saviour. She expired Common t ommissiaftfrs of >n coaJd deSchools—>

: hope everlasting of in nesses feh prominent enough were Sebastian Chatham, Hoskins, Charles L. fer the Pre-

I cheerfully and e grave Oakley. htsmm this to sit early Missouri period on the highwill [the of Providence Schools,—Isaac Inspectors of'Common and consere- council. the death high i But endearing connexions, Samuel Fowler, B. Archibald Pinkney,

libation! of affectionate an j husband Christian, oldest brother, the moved Chidsey.

i and taken drcn, the five youngest the Sweet, Overseers Poor.—Wm. of in in Peter, the youngest, 1835 and ns, feel t0 extracts the ben mourn,

] Yost. John

reader will Collector,—John Burtless. tender and paternal car 1836, both weakened by chronic

'he Livonia Ctmstaofes.—John Burtless, William 'The deceased was in tl infections. Stalwart in their despiri ber her * when Christian Whit-j Israel Rogers, Sickels, in bed the He faith, of fense the paid both were transitory world, and v Hendricks, Jacob Cone, G. Jabez Vhen semer, we

mgrnrns \ ha]] into the welcomed tribute the a touching perfrom ths in the spirits the the of just—bill forj providing State Road.—The brothertheir sonal of knowledge rother is socease troubling d from road, the through of constrtiction a the brother and inlaw Oliver Cowdery: rest.'* at the leaving w* counties, tier of southern ne how r in this church, commission-; village our this "By by designated many to be route Died—In masons and senate, the on in the Philip aged Chase, rejected ers, was brothers personally—known: were

< < < so

,.. contrary, 1. ui; 9. pas-j f to of 16 vote inst. a The by 1$ am

ben that sesage of some bill on this subject is much | | JNi they were the first to embrace the that inhabitants istitution of J desired. The to be it, of covenant, hearing on and new of death rfHE LU

. for: strong claims certainly. have section but must othej poji, wjth | of persecuduring scene a constant is it the jinteuthat understand f | for placing We sa}e b amj a it.

different, bill a in last their to perplexity, the tion present and to tion April 2, Waterloo* -bicf t& In the of construction the for providing shape, j its e truth—maintained so moments, pecul westward Ithaca or 1$. Bath S. from j road a GAI taw events, list in the included they both the were part f that for aid Lake; the to Just established AS the dangerrequired,

! most present Si**.>.*** **l* Villus.* at in the witnesses of the roauibemsr eight Book ||

Old newspaper report shows Christian Whitmer as a constable. of Mormon, and though they have

departed, it is with great satisfacduring their stay in frontier Missettling Jackson County, the Whittion that we reflect, that they prosouri. Peter Whitmer, Jr., was an mer family and others located in claimed to their last moments, the

accomplished tailor and at this time a special settlement in the present certainty of their former testiwas engaged by General Alexander Kansas City area. Among them was mony.... May all who read

Doniphan to make him a suit. 14 the Book of Mormon witness Hiram remember the fact, that the Lord

But something higher than an occuPage, a native of Vermont, who had has given men a witness of himself pation was uppermost in the mind earlier moved into western New in the last days, and that they have of Peter Whitmer, Jr. The brief York, married Catherine Whitmer faithfully declared it till called

notes of a conference speech capin 1825, and then resided near away. 1S

ture his testimony and its basis his wife's family in Fayette. Some of The next casualties among the

after returning from this early the severest Missouri persecutions Whitmer group were spiritual. John

mission came to witnesses of the Book of had been a trusted missionary, and "My beloved brethren, ever since Mormon. Late in 1833 John Corrill in 1838 he was Church Historian

I have been acquainted with the reported of Christian Whitmer: and counselor to his brother David

writing of God, I have viewed eter- "They also took him and pointed in the Missouri presidency. Because

nity with perfect confidence."15 their guns at him, threatening to kill he and W. W. Phelps, the other

As the program developed for him if he did not tell them where counselor, had taken personal title

40 Improvement Era

LOOKING

AHEAD Savings plans to finance Missions for Sons, Daughters, Grandsons, Grandaughters

egardless of how you want to accumulate accumulated in the Passbook account. Also to

funds of approximately $2,400.00 for a have all the interest paid quarterly on the 90day

mission, First Security Bank can assist you. Savings Certificates credited to the

Passbook account. RThree types of savings plans are available,

together with variations or combinations to fit your "The way I've figured it,"said Mr. A., "I'll have

individual needs. These include: saved $2,424.96. If my son should go on a

mission, he'll receive $100.00 a month

5% per annum ShortTerm Savings Certificate—and the account will still have $579. 1 1 in it,

with interest credited to a Passbook account perhaps for a postmission trip."

every 90 days.

$2,424.96 saved Amount Certificate Savings LongTerm annum 5% per 554.15 Interest paid by Bank with interest 5-year over a guaranteed 5%

period even if present interest rates should Amount paid Missionary $2,979.11

go down. This plan yields 5.60% when

interest is accumulated over 5 years.

SAVING $500 A YEAR Passbook Savings, a special mission account.

for a Depositing year year each once $500.00 time. deposited Any amount at any may be

will years will that create a return to fund your is 5 Interest at current rate per annum 4% compounded. missionary $100.00 a month for 24 months.

And the 24th month's check would be for - Many families use a combination of |plans. $778.80 - not just $100.00.

MR. & MRS. A'S PLAN AmountInterest paidsavedby Bank $2,500.00578.80

You may be interested in the specific plan Amount paid Missionary $3,078.80

designed by Mr. and Mrs. A. In the early summer

of 1968 they decided that they wanted to so that a fund accumulate 5 years hence $100.00 PLAN FOR YOUR FAMILY to their all the son be sent a month could

time he would be on a mission. Each family's requirements vary, but we at

Security to tailor have the Bank "knowhow"in at that time, cash had They $624.96 so they aFirst receive plan so that you would maximum 5-Year put it Savings in our annum 5% per interest.

is Certificate. Interest guaranteed. So the

$624.96 will earn $175.04 interest in 5 years. We hope you will come in and discuss your

By 1973 it will have grown to $800.00. specific problem—whether your savings plan be

To accumulate $1,800.00 more, Mr. A. decided long or merely for a short period of time.

to save $30.00 a month for 5 years. He instructed

transfer us to automatically each that amount regulations Federal stipulate the interest maximum which may it in a account from his checking and put month the these be paid present time banks. At by national

Special Mission Passbook Savings Account. maximums are 5% per annum on savings certificates and

Mr. A. also told us to buy a 5% ShortTerm 4% per annum on passbook savings. Examples shown are

Savings Certificate each time $500.00 has been based on present maximum permissible rates.

First Security Bank of Utah, National Association. First Security State Bank.

First Security Bank of Idaho, National Association.

First Security Bank of Rock Springs, Wyoming. FIRST SECURITY BANK Members Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation

July 1969 41

I his shop during the winter. At his Neither Hiram Page ing my present situation, which

hope will soon be bettered and I death in 1856, his industry had re22 nor the Whitmer find favor in the eyes of God and sulted in ownership of 113 acres.

all men his saints."10 Such a private But alienated from his Mormon

brothers ever altered comment shows that the testimony associates for 18 years and preof the witnesses was no facade but occupied with material survival, their testimonies the expression of a profound perJacob Whitmer had never waned sonal experience. Subsequently, in his conviction regarding the

when William E. McLellin sought plates. In 1888 his second son told

to enlist them in his reorganized Andrew Jenson, "My father, Jacob to the gathering site of Far West, church in 1847, they agreed to beWhitmer, was always faithful and the resentment of the Missouri come leaders in emotioncharged true to his testimony to the Book members resulted in criticism and circumstances. But not long after of Mormon, and confirmed it on his

then formal suspension of that presMcLellin left, Hiram Page began a death bed."23

idency from office. Declining to be series of letters to Kirtland confessHiram Page's experience paralcalled to account economically or to ing that the Missouri witnesses leled that of Jacob Whitmer. Startpersonally appear at high council failed to discern the true power of ing life again with a family of eight'

trials, John Whitmer was excommuGod in these actions. Speaking spein 1838, he disclosed no real estate

nicated March 10, 1838, followed by cifically for the surviving Whitmers assets on the 1850 census, two years his brother David one month later. and himself, Page admitted, "we prior to his death. Although family

Hiram Page and Jacob Whitmer have been lying dormant,"and yet and neighborhood tradition indiwere not formally dealt with, but he envisioned no practical involvecate that Page had been a doctor they took sides with their relatives ment, since "the way is not opened when young, he was evidently unand from that time were alienated for us to organize as we would. trained in that field and was gen-

'from the Church. Because the Whit-..."20 Although inactive, a decade erally a farmer, so listing himself

mer faction had sacrificed so much, after their apostasy the remaining on the census just mentioned. Conit is understandable in retrospect eight witnesses still devoutly beflict with religious associates and

that each of these men was angered lieved that God had established a the fight for economic survival and permanently hurt at often inlatter-day work. breaks the idealism of many a man,

considerate treatment from former The second force upon the esbut Hiram Page's enthusiasm for friends. This is not to justify their tranged witnesses was a secularizathe Book of Mormon was strong in

very real rebellion against priesttion of their lives. Their essential adverse circumstances. Replying

hood authority, but to admit the problem was to make a living, and directly to an inquiry about his need to exercise such power careartificial religious convictions would testimony, he mentioned early fully and to observe that their certainly tend to fade to irrelevance. spiritual experiences and reaffirmed

steadfastness in testimony is reFor instance, Jacob Whitmer settled his practical knowledge of the markable in the face of their resentin Richmond, Missouri, and he plates: "As to the Book of Mormon,

ment against former associates. faced life in 1838 with few assets it would be doing injustice to myHiram Page and the Whitmers and a family of seven. His struggle self, and to the work of God of the

remained in upper central Missouri in this period was later outlined on last days, to say that I could know after the Mormon expulsion. Two the basis of information from his a thing to be true in 1830, and

main changes took place in their remarkably successful lawyerson. know the same thing to be false

lives. First, these men were reFrom 1840 to 1843 Jacob was virin 1847."21 Hiram Page's letters are

ligiously unsettled. John Whitmer tually an invalid and unable to warm toward his former associates,

recorded his deepest feelings in work, at the end of which period sending special greetings to Martin his manuscript history during the "his limited means were well nigh Harris, a fellow witness. His second

month of his excommunication. Reexhausted."- 1 A shoemaker by trade, son was 20 at his father's death in

ferring to difficulties in "some he worked from 1843 to 1845 to buy 1852 and later told Andrew Jenson temporal movements,"he alluded to a small acreage and erect a shoe "I knew my father to be true and his own "expulsion,"closing with shop on it. In the next decade he faithful to his testimony of the

his prayer for forgiveness "of my evidently followed the pattern of divinity of the Book of Mormon faults"and a hope of salvation "in many early tradesmen by farming until the very last. Whenever he

the Kingdoin of God, notwithstandduring the summer and working had an opportunity to bear his

42 Improvement Era Conoco's franchise agreement offers jobbers more opportunities to grow.

financial analysis and assistance You've been thinking about buying that it, we may be able to help you arrange for choice corner lot. It would make a great financing.

location for a service station... or would it? If you're a jobber who wants to work with

How much should you offer? What's its po- a company that will do everything in its

tential as an investment? Should you gampower to help you grow, write today. We'll

ble on it, or shouldn't you? tell you about our 4 grade gasolines, local

A tough decision? You bet it is, if you're advertising, facilities planning, our monigoing it alone. But if you were a Conoco tored maintenance program, and all our

jobber, at your request, we would lend you other jobber franchise benefits. Then comknowledgeable people to evaluate the pare your present supply agreement with

property. They'd tell you what it was worth our franchise agreement. We think you'll

to you. And with their latest site analysis want to do business with the Hottest Brand

methods, they could tell you what potential Going... Conoco.

a service station on that site could have.

Finally, they'll make a recommendation that Call (name of Div. Mgr. in State Publication)

you invest or not invest. or contact Mr. C. O. MacLeod, Coordinator,

If you decide to invest, we'll provide you Distributor Relations, Continental Oil Comwith additional help in the form of plans pany, Houston, Texas 77001. He'll put you

and technical assistance. And, if you need in touch with the right man... right away.

More Ride For Your Money, Conoco... Hottest Brand Going i

1969, Continental Oil Company July 1969 43. i:

i iir**s or MUM these plates, of surety a and know tike "ff e-****i-i Seneca, CirrnaiVtcrftiba tl 1: fffat 1 t IHj.<N pMl*# that raiding Smith, transhas Jr., Joseph Commissions, far a company of

Klltttli- c as ttsC tMt f'ty JWei Grenadiers in Aofcat.—*t the I02i regiment, lated of the the Book by Mormon

'ing, have lately abf.'t (March 10} thi* been received at

..."2G iet. Mrs. gift?ih of a the of God. power and tit* clerk's %w office Mr. Arnold,, in shipThornm for folthe Waterloo,

in*:S!ip!fr Ditfriet, u of Pa ntjr, in ascending lowing a (at persona, kddVr named xh: this conviction, of the peak From lie I serfftttf maid. rpj by ur*ri BJr the frigate at baildiug now Dasieu Schott, nights Captain, and *eseral days r fa bad S to the same depths descended man for Yard, the purpose of MiiauEc who Hemiricks, mother grand her Lieut. tfc&tg

his tng daily vocation hi; if) of osj Skeptiyears. the; three erenfog within of tbe doubt itieef# Wixmer, CntuscdAn Ensign,

fell to ana,he die ground, re* to residence Her to iei*roed,b a meeting At confcan of3aid cal of y held personally beSmith Joseph nearly forty feet. of sy affairenj some and I domestic her He at the house of the widowfendrieks,

bi*t>r \vh recarried *be up home, and ibe proper Oioa. At failure of the of cause the Kirtland in stunt, pursuant the (2th on to noSiaTing'wilh infants; repose two igered!o few hoars a and exa

for tice purpose the given of adopthis rejected Bank, companand by in were children, left two wlo Stating st>ver has a and widow ing a uniform, and electing noncom- servant. wiib tbe Tbe serithen to mourn his sudden exi ions in gospel service, John Whitofficers, left the enmissioned tbe kitchen, time n a start following delphia paper,

ItriH mansion of her mistress, and persons were etected, vis* Sebastian mer made common cause with by linking the deed perpetrated 1st. the Chatham, Among teniae's eKeeative 2d. Backman, John in other ridiculing nonMormons the three on the Senate blows two the or of United State* > oc Sttitiud Wtimer, David and 3d.

the wsi eoMfirnation proro< of the i* throat, it which aaid cnt lid ber faith the Turley, the of Hendricks, Theodore Sergeants, 4tb lieutenant* bt be master* enmm; the death Mr. tlef immediate I 8

naxy. understand the proc We is following description a of The business the of of wa grandmothers'* agent tb at Church ad, who follow* t Captain* Henit;, Can

uniform as the agreed upon, i—:c v eased. Brows, Wadswortb,! Thompson, affinancial to remained wind up to Beitard., be post captains. and leather, to inniue be or of ten Caps kiteh* tbe to returned the sen semnt Parker, Kearney, M'Cult, Turner fairs in height, after at bellches considerably the Far West Mormons apron children ber an e throw saw iaglser and Steven, to taa* be

i door, to the which they suspecting nothing. ion, Whenpaid tbeno crowhed;painted in thefront,Americanwith the mottostandardof t,—4. Ca#, were driven out. But Turley openly one beard tbe they entered en of inconsisthe heme flntCoagrettof accused Whitmer The MeileS Grenadiers** in Seneca curva form

wa* Coaslitutitn the s-iembk; new into strangling, tbey infants rushed the white round standard; a plume tency; in of the answering presence branch**—two of January. The sacs, their mother, and called bearred to.be front. in with worn a top HepreteoditiTe*, H(se wtMLj of

their > upon to put her reply, bands his friends, the Book antiMormon '** #f|h.retu|ar!tjE.aud.fearn5gf(|, -Cw or WJcather?***.* tat start. tame- *fa*ttacfagft silk., 'tin* Tjetery felrerii*, Ajracoeao or

Coats, breasted, bloe-.smglf wdig* rewitness two oi Son, Fobraarr, t jj tbe made tell, clothe found Mexican itay of Mormon tbe bed 2d to

collar, bullet standing buttons, four tire "kindled, gioriooj and This waaiamiwtaielj tictory most pre First, statements. vealing adhe effect side fee independtaca aa collar, each the \[on aur tbe of mntlrfr their beheld one worked and behwed

that toga for produced t'c th* of silver a lace [on tbe 'bathed deWood button to of tbe I from say, mitted, "I button, those handled now nations Europe wilt of Tbe taw affection their of abject d regard, sad three in rows buttons frost, of with that longer Spain ha* ret no any plates; fine engravings there were ajftwaHHJ the nearest immediately object u*. of subduing Throohi j each, n silver with worked lace m \m 1"the to tent Hag of America, Spaix of tar* repaired tbe dreaded wta sides. on them. from I handled both to the other, button one in diagwall Calfac Jaae of t7tai end de to astonishment regret aod their ad

; onal three form wit! rows of buttons disappear entirety.**. soon bluntly next reality asked doleful Turley **ed tale the of tbe When "E&|)e,'> eoota Mexican The in with three sleeve, each, each to on in*ei>!tgati<m matter, of tbe an the history late of the tbe between war the doubted Whitmer why now represent herring bone, worked with of circumstauce reUted the "the Britain, en offered and Oreat as a

lace; three to lite with im"rows Mexicans. three i, in wticb each immediately examined was inhis witness indicated work, the

tebtcriptM A has been 6f*ned in like s r t red c form blood. o4 serskirt, on each with The worked

relief of tfe Staatacoaihtatk ability characters to translate the on tried with apprehended, sod *a lace coerielikewise; four buttons at ttelaud—ift.

yesterday to wa $1 be executed flap, each with it, lace worked I lengthplates: the read "I cannot and

in Afetaudrt*;D C>) f*pr March io.:| do not know whether it is true or wise; four buttons on tbe skirts of in AMaietterffictfeeof#s,soobreachha*]p*eSariip

8JJ SiNy f* not."From the strict point of JiBtrder and Ttqbb&f. tvengtnn<n\, nfor a,*coats, ito.<oe about half!s# *9fctXJl,5*Hie* were

between way the William Jong S mgal, Sawrday and short coat. Slntp- J this report is most view of evidence, vests. White Nine ecjro have eearkw SmberutTadr, Cittsen wiwmuArpantgaoons*

Tieafew, at 'indigo blue, Mtty, aftd. to mmr social Cm&mfilfc* pressure gbort H. J.—eaei impressive. tJ Peaiwiaiarj FaiA* With hM

Newspaper clipping shows David and Christian Whitmer active in Seneca Grenadiers. deny and personal motivation to

testimony to this effect, he would The completely candid temperaexplain away his experience, John always do so, and seemed to rejoice ment of John Whitmer furnishes Whitmer insisted that he had in exceedingly in having been privione of the best tests of the truth of fact handled the plates.

leged to see the plates...."- n his claim to have seen and handled John Whitmer stayed in Missouri

After 1856 John Whitmer was the the plates. As a trusted leader on and farmed land on the site of the

sole survivor of the eight witnesses. the inner circle of decisions, he was former city of Far West and its

Outliving all the rest from two to editor of the Messenger and Advotemple lot. His material success is

four decades, he was contacted by cate almost a year. In his closing measured by his estate inventory at

more people than the others and editorial in 1836, John Whitmer death, listing ownership of 625 thus left more specific statements shared his experiences as a member acres, much livestock and farm about his experience. John Whitof the Church "from its beginning"equipment, to which must be added

mer's life was tragic in the sense "Therefore I desire to testify to the fine twostory house that still that he was materially successful all that will come to the knowledge stands. The evaluation of his combut essentially a lonely man with of this address, that I have most munity on his 40 years of residence

deep desires to share his faith in assuredly seen the plates from in Caldwell County is shown by the the Book of Mormon and modern whence the Book of Mormon is local obituary that alluded to the revelation. translated, and that I have handled Mormon expulsion: "Mr. Whitmer

44 Improvement Era LDS BOOKS AND RECORDS remained at Far West and has since 20 SAVINGS a highly respectedbeen CASH SAVINGS and law 20% OR MORE, 600 OVER ON SELECTIONS 8 citizen."- abiding purchase of No minimum Your choice items

Although rural Caldwell County

or relatively at books over and records inaccessible, on details to obtain of all LDS Catalog how andwas 20% 80% order. will be included they your selections you with when sent request: savings upon more, cash John FPFF* PCEE

told his story of seeingWhitmer the plates to a wide variety of visitors. In 1861, Jacob Gates talked BEGINNINGS STORIES YOU'LL WANT L.D.S. BABY BOOK

Carol Lynn Pearson White, Blue, Pink TO REMEMBER with him over four hours and wrote

Joyce Bowen Maughan (reg. $4.50) $3.60 $2.00 (reg. $2.50)

in his journal, "[H]e still testified (reg. $1.25) $1.00 DOCTRINE MORMON PLAN that the Book of Mormon is true FAMILY STORAGE Bruce R. McConkie THE WAY TO HAPPINESS Bob R. Zabriskie

and that Joseph Smith was a (reg. $1.50) $1.20 Rulon S. Howells (reg. $6.95) $5.56

Prophet of the Lord. He also said ZION IN THE LAST DAYS (reg. $1.50) $1.20 DOCTRINES OF SALVA-

. 3. Vols. 1, 2, TION & that believed that he.. Brigham Roy INSIGHTS Doxie GOSPEL Fielding Smith Joseph (Reg. $1.50) $1.20 William J. Critchlow carrying the doctrine out wasYoung

$3.75) each $3.00 (reg. $3.95) ON GETTING THINGS $3.16 (reg.(reg.and system which Smith $11.25) Joseph set $9.00

DONE GOSPEL TO ANSWERS taught but he did not (Whitmer) FIRST 2,000 YEARS L. Roy White 1, Vols: 2, 3, QUESTIONS

W. Cleon Skousen (reg. in believe a man's than having more $3.25) $2.60 5. 4, &

(reg. $3.95) $3.16."-"

.. Fielding Smith Joseph wife. one LIFE EVERLASTING

(reg. $2.95) each $2.36 THIRD YEARS THOUSAND Duane S. Crowther witLike of other Book Mormon

(reg. set $14.75) Cleon $11.81 W. Skousen (reg. $4.50) $3.60 lives nesses are wellknown, whose (reg. $5.95) $4.76

John Whitmer's reiteration of his PROPHECY Duane S. Crowther FOURTH THOUSAND

testimony was a moving experience (reg. $4.50) $3.60 YEARS. INTRODUCTORY W. Cleon Skousen to him. that Pained he was out of VITAL QUOTATIONS $5.56 OFFER (reg. $6.95) this the witness openChurch, wept Emerson Roy West

ly when William Lewis pressed the (reg. $4.50) $3.60 25%cash orsavingsmore DOCTRINENANTS COMPENDIUMAND COVEinconsistency of his inactivity: "At Sidney B. Sperry

CHILDREN'S BOOKS (reg. $5.95) $4.76 last he did say, wiping the tears

ANCIENT AMERICA BAPTISM ABOUT off, that the day would come BOOK COMwhen OF MORMON SPEAKS Marr Petersen Emma 30 PENDIUM all to eye."see eye (reg. would The Record-L.P.-33V3Stereowe $1.75) $1.40 Sidney B. Sperry minute (30 acdramatized his exafterbitterness of the days (reg. $6.95) $5.56 PRAYER ABOUT of the count book of First

Emma Marr Petersen gone, Nephi) andcommunication were AN ENEMY HATH DONE (reg. $1.75) $1.40 (reg. $3.95) $2.96 Whitmer's remained inwhat THIS John

Taft Ezar Benson STOROF BOOK MORMON the ART vivid OF yearsmature was HOMEMAKING memory $4.95) $3.96 L.D.S. IES V. FOR YOUNG Daryl Hoole (reg.

in translationof participation the Marr Petersen Emma (reg. $3.95) $2.96 DOCOF MESSAGE THE

(reg. $3.50) scripture:of of a $2.80 record TRINE COVENANTS AND DOCTRINE COVEAND

told A. Widtsoe John Father "[0]ld Whitmer John BIBLE STORIES FOR NANTS COMMENTARY

(reg. $3.50) $2.80 L.D.S. Smith his YOUNG Sjodahl last in tears and winter, withme

Marr Petersen (reg. Emma $4.95) $3.71 HISCOMPREHENSIVE as well aseyes, that he knew he (reg. $3.50) $2.80 OF TORY THE CHURCH. TITLE OF LIBERTY that an existence he hadknew

Vols. 1, 2, 5, 3, 4, Ezra BIBLE STORIES OF 6, & THE Taft Benson

Joseph translated the ancient writFOR L.D.S. CHILDREN (reg. $3.50) $1.95 index).

ing which was upon the plates, Jane Lund B. H. Roberts

which he 'saw and handled,'and (reg. $2.50) $2.00 (regReg. $27.00)$4.50) 6 VOlS.each$21.60$3.60

which, as one of the scribes, he (reg. $300) index $2.40

helped to copy, as the words fell * Postage & Handling.

from Joseph's lips, by supernatural United States: Add 15c per $3.00 order or portion thereof for all books and records.

or almighty power."31 Games, Genealogical Supplies: Add 25c per $3.00 order or portion thereof.

What motivated John Whitmer to Alltion Foreignthereof.Countries:All records,Books:GamesAddand20cotherper $3.00materialorderincludingor porreaffirm his testimony constantly to Genealogical Supplies add $1.00 for the first $3.00 or portion

the end of his life? Financially sucof order and 50c for each additional $3.00 or portion.

cessful and respected by his neighbors, this quiet personality shunned

P. 0. Box 2454notoriety. Yet the affirmative menLDS P BOOKSTORE

145 East First Ave. Mesa, Arizona 85201 Tel: 9647061

Offer good anywhere in the world.

July 1969 45 PRESS tion of Mormonism in the location of the worst Mormon persecutions was certain to cause prejudice against him. His actual handling

of the plates is the only plausible explanation for the seriousness with which this conservative farmer shared his testimony with Mormon visitors and nonMormon associates.

1600 Empire Road Salt Lake City, Utah 84104 One may surely rely on his ability

Call (801) 4861892 to report whether or not he lifted and handled a metal object of sub-

I stantial weight. Six months before

Layout and Design Typography his death, he delivered his convicPhoto-typography Lithographic Offset tions publicly at a rural Sunday

Letterpress 4-Color Process Separations morning service, reported in the

Bindery Shipping and Mailing local newspaper as follows:

"Mr. Whitmer is considered a

truthful, honest and law abiding citizen by this community, and con- <? sequently, his appointment drew

out a large audience. Mr. Whitmer 3*V stated that he had often handled % /SOU

the identical golden plates which

Mr. Smith received from the hand

of the angel. He said it was of pure

gold; part of the book was sealed

up solid, the other part was open, and it was this part which was translated.... Before closing he

the if they asked audience would

INTAKE CALORIE REDUCED PROXSTORE FOOD TO OF UNIQUE/KINDS the take the and Book of Mormon IMATE FAMILY NUTRIENT ANALYSIS DIETARY ALLOWANCES

FOOD STABILITY* Bible and compare them, and to items: food storage tremendous Describes new powdered butter, shortentake Paul's rule, 'To prove all things

butter, etc. ing, cheese, peanut sweet creami

and hold fast to that which is

Exciting Recipes goodIn fellowship'"32 or alienation, youth

CHICKEN SOUFFLE or age, persecution, poverty or afORANGE CARROT BREAD fluence, four Whitmer brothers and

CUSTARD PIE Hiram Page never altered their

MERINGUES plain testimony that they handled

ANGEL FOOD CAKE the original metal record of the

BEEF STEW Book of Mormon. O

HAM OMELET WHIPPED CREAM FOOTNOTES SOUR CREAM EightTheseWitnesses"phrases arefromidentical"The inTestimonythe 1830 ofor present edition of the Book of Mormon. Capitals are added to the first three clauses.

-Lucy Smith, Biographical Sketches of Jose)>h

Smith (Liverpool, 1853), p. 140.

3David Marks, The Life of David Marks

CONTENTS: guage(Limerick,is undoubtedlyMaine, 1831),inexactp. in340.implyingHis lanthe

appearance of the angel to all witnesses.

POSTAGE PREPAID Basic Nutrition of 4HoratioNew YorkGates(Albany,Spafford,1813),Gazeteerp. 187.of the State

CHECK OR MONEY ORDER Food Storage Family:,KansastraditionCity Dailyand theJournal,birthplacesJune 5,listed1881.on

Menus theWhitmer1850 Aprilcensus 22,indicate1807, thein birthPennsylvaniaof Catherineand

Recipes the birth of Peter Whitmer, Jr., September 27, BAnANDYTNC 1809, in New York.

136 East 6th Street 2370 South State Street (Extensive bibliography)

Beaumont, California 92223 Salt Lake City, Utah 84115

Phone (714) 8451691 Phone (801) 4871735

46 Improvement Era

Take a

"Seneca County Clerk's Office: Book M, p.

430; Book Q, p. 134; Book R, p. 124; Book S,

p. 567. "Diedrich Willers, Centennial Historical

Sketch of the Town of Fayette ( Geneva, New

York, 1900), p. 49.

sLetter of Diedrich Willers to Ellen E. Dickinson, cit. Ellen E. Dickinson, New Light on

Mormonism (New York, 1885), p. 249.

Ibid. See also Courier Printing Company

(ed. ), Manual of the Churches of Seneca County

(Seneca Falls, New York, 1896), p. 102.

Seneca Farmer (Waterloo, New York),

MarchnFayette23, 1825.Township Record, at Waterloo

Library and Historical Society, Waterloo, New

York. John Genung, president of the society,

materially assisted in locating these references.

]2Journal of Lyman Wight, cit. Saints Herald,

Vol."Name29 (1882),file, Churchp. 192.Historian's Office.

"Interview with Alexander W. Doniphan,

Kansas City Daily Journal, June 12, 1881.

JFai West Record, Typescript, Church Historian's Office, October 25, 1831.

"Letter of John Corrill to Oliver Cowdery,

Liberty, Missouri, December 1833, cit. The

Evening and the Morning Star, Vol. 2 (January

1834), p. 125.

17Letter of Nov. 6, 1833, cit. ibid. (December

1833), p. 119.

lsLattcr Messenger Day Saint and Advocate, It's YourVol. p. 426. 3 (December 1836),

19The Book of John Whitmer, cit. Journal of

History, Vol. 1 (January 1908), p. 305. The

manuscript shows that these first comments, intended to close his records, were crossed offas subsequent conflict occasioned further exWorld.You Knowplanation.

Letter to Alfred of Hiram Page Bonny, et cit. Look at it through the eyes of the world's greatest reporters Missouri, ah, Richmond, 24, 1849, June

The Olive Branch, Vol. 2 (August 1849), pp. and the finest, largest news services. Tomorrow's conversa27-29.

History County, Missouri of Ray p. 530. sketch This is the basis( St.of Louis,other tion is in today's Deseret News. 1881),

information in this paragraph, confirmed by other sources.

22Probate papers, Ray County, Missouri.

23Letter of Andrew jenson to Deserct News,

September 13, 1888, Richmond, Missouri, cit.Deserct News, September 17, 1888. DESERET NEWS

Letter of Hiram Page to William E. McLellin, May 30, 1847, Ray County, Missouri,

cit. Ensign of Liberty, Vol. 1 (January 1848),

p. 63. "The Historical Record, Vol. 7 ( October

1888), p. 614. -Latter Day Saint Messenger and Advocate, Add an outdoor living

27Memoranda of Theodore Turley, April 4,

Historian's Office.1839, Church As in

of thisquotations article, editorial changes haveall room with a real GAS light been limited to punctuation, spelling, verb forms, and capitalization.

'Kingston Sentinel, cit. Riclimond Conservator, July 26, 1878.

29Journal of Jacob Gates, March 18, 1861.

Letter of William Lewis to Saints'Herald,

November 29, 1877, Stewartsville, Missouri, cit. Saints'Herald, Vol. 24 (1877), p. 381.

31Letter of Myron Bond to Saints'Herald,

August 2, 1878, Cadillac, Michigan, cit. Saints'

Herald, Vol. 25 (1878), p. 253.

32Article of early 1878 from the Kingston

Sentinel, cit. Saints'Herald, Vol. 25 (February

15, 1878), p. 57. The date and delivery of the

speech on January 13, 1878, was verified in an independent letter, cit. ibid., p. 58.

Completion By Dorothy Cameron Smith Life is not ahvays beautiful—

It can be ugly.

One cannot appreciate it Until the joys and the sorrows

Are intermingled, as the Just bright colors and a GAS Barbecue! canvas a on

shadings the dark Need the To accentuate highlights. MOUNTAINSUPPLY COMPANYFUEL

-Natural G<u SewiceFor TOTAL comfort and convenience - it's natural GAS!

July 1969 47.

Spend your vacation at a hole in the ground.

Air West flies to Bryce and Zion National Parks, via Cedar

City, Utah. And to 14 other

scenic places with all the exIt's for travagant beauty the outdoors can offer. Mountains, valleys, Eternity"

trees and sunshine. By Mary Carolyn Pugmire

Call your Travel Agent or Air West. You need a vacation. Today is my fifteenth wedding anniversary. I am alone; my

husband, Don, died a few long months ago. But today I shall not

Air West is the mourn, for I have something I feel I must say.

west's own airline. My husband was fortunate; he earned his living doing a work

he loved—taking pictures. A large part of his business was photographing weddings. I never ceased to be amazed that he always

had the feeling that each wedding was something special, and he was lucky to have a part in it. He would come home and say,

"Honey, they had that special 'temple glow,'because they know it's for time and all eternity."Sometimes he'd say, "The wedding was so

lovely, but I wish they could have been married in the temple."

Our temple marriage was so special to us, we wanted others to have that same joy. So today I must speak out, because so many Crisplyarefreshing.

brides have said to me, "I'd like to be married in the temple, but...."

bubbly enough for Our wedding day was not perfect, but let me reminisce about a celebration! the sweetness of it... the reverence as w.e sang a special hymn

before we prepared for the temple session... the dear, loving

hands that helped me put on my wedding clothes... my Don Delightfully

dressed all in white... the beautiful, peaceful surroundings... the

nonalcoholic!

special voices of the people who gave me instructions... the feeling

that it was heaven on earth as we knelt to be married. It was so

1-PACK (4/5 qt.) much more sacred than the pomp of other weddings. After the

$3.50 ppd. ceremony, the temple officiator asked us if we'd like to go back

to the celestial room by ourselves. Here, my husband took my hands

* and said, "Dear, it's for eternity."

3-PACK (4/5 qts.) 1 No, today I'll not mourn. My tears are of loneliness and of

$8.00 ppd. petition for strength to understand. But tonight—though I am alone

—I have knowledge: "Dear, it's for eternity."O

SAMPLE (6.4fl.ozs.): $1.00 ppd.

SINCE 1868 Mary Carolyn Pugmire, of the Pocatello (Idaho) Sixth Ward, an educator and photograph colorartist, counts her greatest blessings

GOLD MEDAL "my four children and our knowledge we'H be together for eternity."

S. MARTINELLI & CO.

DEPT. U BOX 549

Watsonville, Calif. 95076

48 Improvement Era Era ofTbuth

Marion D. Hanks, Editor

Elaine Cannon, Associate Editor

July 1969 Time: 12:30 p.m. Ron and Marsha, pack 12:4-5 p.m. Lots to talk about on the way to the field.

the car for an afternoon of sky diving.

emergency one that must be packed by a Requirements for licensed rigger.

Ron wears combat boots and coveralls, plus the two chutes. His main chute is a

modified military chute, 28 feet of silk supSkyDiving ported by nylon strands.

1. Courage 5. A cute Latterday The first five jumps are at 2,000 feet,

2. Proper equipment Saint Girl for with a static line attached to the airplane.

3. Proper training company The airplane is generally a Cessna 206 Sky

4. An airplane 6. Good weather Wagon. After five static line jumps, he

Let's go along on a Saturday afternoon of then can jump and pull his own ripcorcl. The

sky diving. But before we do, let's see what rate of descent is in seconds; for instance, a

Ronald Bement had to do before he could 30seconcl drop is from 7,500 feet. A 45qualify for this sport. second drop is from 10,500 feet. So accurate

Ron had to have an instructor. In this case can jumpers become that they can land on

it was Steve Biljanic, who is the jumpmaster a 25foot circle from 10,000 feet.

at Alta Air Park in Salt Lake City. TrainWith this in mind, let's spend a typical

ing begins with jumps into sand from a fiveSaturday afternoon with two modern Latfoot platform. Here Ron is taught six basic terday Saint youths. The Boy: Ron Bement

PLF's (Parachute Landing Falls) of classThe Girl: Marsha Groendyke -

room instruction. Every jumper must wear

two chutes, one he can pack himself and an By Eldon K. Linschoten

1:40 p.m. When you leave here, 1:45 p.m. All packed. 1:50 p.m. Don't forget to look

it's a long way doivn. at the altimeter dial.

i:GO p.m. Arrive at the 1:10 p.m. Boots on. 1:15 p.m. In case you

field, to observe conditions. land on your head,

1:20 p.m. Snap. Snap. 1:26 p.m. Lastminute zippers to adjust. 1:35 p.m. Don't forget

your parachute, Ron.

1:55 p.m. We jump 2:00 p.m. One tug 2:05 p.m. We catch the next one. 51

over there. for the road.

2:10 p.m. Let's go 2:15 p.m. Don't forget to write. 2:20 p.m. There they go.

...it's our turn.

f0r **:.&

It-

2:1+2 p.m. The only

ivay to travel.

52 2:US p.m. He's safe.

f

2:30 p.m. Over target. 2:37 p.m. There, out of the plane. 2:4-0 p.m. On target.

... Look! Over there! Bull's-eye!

; *%fc. *xv

2:50 p.m. Time to repack. 3:00 p.m. Refreshment

time.

3:30 p.m. Time to go home.

Maybe a good movie is playing.

4t

Dr. William Jackson

s i The 42foot, dieselpow- *? *f

v -SSfr - -m ered yacht slithered through 'the ocean off the coast of -. '- Anacapa Island. The crew,

Mormon Explorer Post 2505 v. * from the Ojai (California)

Ward, scanned the sheer cliffs of the small cove. Two

human figures standing on those cliffs, silhouetted against the sun, peered back at the yacht and crew. The ghostlike silhouettes served as a

fleeting reminder that the Chumash Indians occupied this island from ancient times until after the Spanish colonial period.

The youth group, led by William Jackson, a young Ojai medical doctor, had spent weeks learning how to scuba dive. As Judd Lotts's

yacht slowly churned through the placid waters of the Pacific Ocean, the boys suddenly realized what it felt like to discover an island. Anacapa,

18 miles off the California coast, is one of the Channel Islands sculptured by nature from the mainland.

54 Era of Youth OjaiYaehlers By Gene Beley

The large boat maneuvered and face mask, with a J-type On one of their trips to the into a suitable anchorage posisnorkel in his mouth, pulled Channel Islands, the Ojai tion. Lotts turned the ignition himself up on top of the boat's group met a bearded, agnostic

key and silenced the diesel flat railing. He paused for a writer living a hermit's exismotors that sounded like moment, held onto his face tence on the island. Scotty, the

a hundred men continually mask, heard Scoutmaster Lawriter, first ignored the Ojai clearing their throats. We veil Owens yell "step foryouths. Then he joined in

now could hear the short, ward!"and felt a simultaneous some of the discussions around

piercing shrieks of the sea push to help him clear the a camp fire, questioning the gulls. boat. young people about their re-

A foghorn in the lightThere was a tense moment ligion in an antisocial manner.

house on a nearby cliff blew while the others waited for About a week after the its deep base hums, as if pracRichard to appear. He quickly Ojai group left the island.

ticing one note to perfection. popped through the ripple in Scotty was reported missing.

"Okay, now gather around,"the water, grinning and shiv- A short time later, his body

Dr. Jackson hollered, as they ering. The wet suit is made was found in the surf. A

rested offshore in the cove. of foam neoprene. It allows a large wave had overturned

"Remember what you've thin film of water to soak his small boat. Among his

learned in the pool."through the top neck of the few possessions found was a

While he was talking, suit and circulate next to the letter addressed to Dr. Jackeveryone began to put on his skin. The feeling resembles son.

wet suit, which makes one cold water being poured down It began "Dear Most Eslook like a penguin. your back. teemed Healer"and contin-

"We'll snorkel into the cave "What's it like?"Richard's ued: "I can't thank you

area there,"Dr. Jackson said, friends hollered. enough for all the time your

pointing to that part of the "Weird!"he shouted back, group spent explaining Morcove. "Then you can rest laughing. Then one by one, monism and answering my

awhile before we all start to they took that big step into questions. It did my semilook for abalone or have our the ocean and found out for pagan, antisocial heart much

fun."themselves what it feels like good to meet people of your

Richard May, one of the for man to invade that foreign quality and especially the kids

Scouts attired in wet suit, fins, territory. with their refreshing outlook."

July 1969 55 The northwest corner of the state of Washingboat). David led the other group, with Pete

ton is a green jewel washed by the blue waters Sorenson in the sweep position.

of the Pacific as they finger into the bays and The two groups were 70 yards apart, keeping inlets of Puget Sound through the Strait of Juan 30 yards between canoes in the individual groups.

Mountains—high,de Fuca. The otherrugged,side is lushridgedwithbyvariedthe CascadeunderfirstDennisbendGriffinin goodand shape.his groupDavid,maneuveredcoming fromthe

growth, and studded with cedar, pine, fir, and behind, noted there were no serious obstacles—ahemlock.placeThisfor isexploring,what is knowna greatas "man"place forcountryExexceptOne treeforwasa stickingfew washedoutout for abouttrees 30on orone40 side.feet.

plorers. David's canoe and then the second canoe passed

One Saturday morning, Explorer Post 96 of safely.

the 12th Ward, Seattle Stake—20 men and boysSuddenly Brent and David Cohoon lost conset out early for a canoe outing on the. lower trol of their canoe against the pull of the water,

Skykomish. Frank Rothe, their outstanding and the eager current took its merciless and imExplorer leader, had spent a good deal of time mediate advantage and pushed the canoe into the

canoeing with these boys, and he was proud of waiting trap of the washedout tree. The two

their skills. boys tried to extricate themselves, but the boat

The Seattle Stake Center in King County is tipped, and David Cohoon went around the tree.

about a twoand-a-half hour drive from Snohomish He was able to make his way to the bank after

County, where the Skykomish River rambles by a brief struggle.

the towns of Monroe, Sultan, Startup, and GohlBrent fell out on the downstream side and was bar and then disappears into the mountain snow. swept into the branches and upturned roots. He

Ten canoes were taken, to be launched by the wasn't frightened and did not realize that he was bridge at Sultan. in serious danger; but the canoe followed him.

You can expect rain just about any time near shoving him downstream, crowding him and then the Washington coast, but there was no rain that covering him, pushing his struggling body deeper a dark sky, patchy with clouds. into the water and further into the menacing labymorning—just

Brent Frederickson, a slight boy with dark hair, rinth of root and branch. He remembered thinkgave the opening prayer. David Griffin, who was ing that they would surely find him and save, him,

assisting, helped to organize the boats, with two but unable to struggle effectively against the swiftly passing seconds,persons to a canoe—one boy or man who was current, the tree, and the

experienced with one who was not. The canoes he lost consciousness.

were divided into two groups of five. Dennis Sixty yards or more ahead, David Griffin, in

Griffin, David's brother, was the leader of one the lead canoe, heard a yell and turned to see that group, with Kent Anderson in the sweep boat (last a boat had turned over. Unaware that Brent was

Escape on the underwater and in danger, he turned and maneushallow spot, hut it took time before he could vered his canoe hack to a shallow point where he gratefully push his feet down onto the gravel could cross to the upturned canoe caught on the bottom.

hranehes. He paddled over and climhed out onto When he finally got Brent into a waiting canoe.

the tree, handing his canoe over to his companion. David felt an overpowering fatigue set in. His

Then he got into the chestdeep water hy standing hotly protested, refusing to move another inch.

on a part of the halfsuhmerged tree. Still unaware Eager arms took over. Barry Collette gave mouthof the need for speed, he struggled against the tomouth resuscitation. In a few moments Brent

weight of the canoe. He remembered aftergasped and his color returned; there was early

ward that it seemed like a terrible struggle and joy—but then he stopped breathing again. Fear,

seemed to take a long time, but finally he managed prayer, and a tense expectancy were with that little to release it. group of Explorers. Then Brent coughed and

At first Brent could not be seen anywhere; then sputtered. Some of the boys ran to the nearest

the water cleared and a bright patch of red caught farmhouse for blankets. Then they carried Brent

David Griffin's eye. It was a piece of lining from to the house to await an ambulance. The first thing

Brent's coat. The urgency of the situation struck Brent could recall as he regained consciousness

him as he thrust his arm into the water and grabbed was lying on the couch in the farmhouse with his at the coat. It came free quickly with his strong friends.

pull, leaving Brent still caught below water. David The miraculous events of that day on the Skywas afraid he had lost him, but the bright fabric komish will forever remain a strength and testiof the life jacket with Brent still in it now showed mony to those 20 men and boys. Brent has an inbeneath the surface. Brent's clothing had been creased respect for the power of nature, and they

ripped by the branches that now held him so firmly all have a better understanding of the urgent need in their grasp. David pulled and then pulled again to develop a spirit of obedience in all things.,.

with all of his strength—and finally freed Brent's even to the commands of a river.

lifeless figure from the root prison.

As soon as they surfaced, the current carried them into the river. Brent's face was purple and

the storyswollen, and David was frightened—although he Editor's note: Where are the heroes of

didn't have time to think about being frightened. today? Brent Frederickson is a missionary in

He was fighting against terrific odds: the life jacket southern Australia. Brent Collette is a devoted

that was originally meant for his little sister's use. member currently struggling with a health probhis bulky clothing, the dead weight of his friend, lem. David Cohoon is home from navy duty and

and the seemingly murderous icy current. He active in the Church. David Griffin has filled a

exerted himself with all his might to swim to a mission and is studying at BYJJ.

By Mary Lou A. Shaver

Illustrated by Travis WinnSkykoniish

yV I n 'fw>Wm

The Quartet.... David Thomas, 17, of the Madrigal Singers at Encina Susan Steed... graduate of Kelly

redhaired Eagle Scout with his High in Sacramento, California. Walsh High in Casper, Wyoming

Duty to God award and leadership... Ray Crandal, 15, excellent... was named state winner of the

in priesthood to his credit, presipianist, Madrigal singer and Betty Crocker Homemaker of Todent of the youth committee in his Scout, with his Duty to God morrow contest and earned a ward and Key Club at school.... award coming up, and president of $1500 scholarship.... She's a NaMichael Thomas, 16, with Eagle his teachers quorum.... These tional Honor Society and Merit

Scout and Duty to God awards, four, accompanied by Lorraine Scholar certificate holder and a chorister in priesthood, and Gibb, have sung their way to fame winner in art and speech contests.

speech contest winner, seminary in their area. Known as the MorHer paintings have been pubpresident, and student council monaires, they have won many lished in national magazines....

member at high school.... Richhonors in music festivals and conShe's an organist and teacher in

ard Crandal, 17, Scout with Duty tests. They were part of the big church and seminary... student

to God award, chairman of Ensigns Barbershop Harmony Show held in leader... and teacher of piano

and counselor in seminary, member Sacramento. lessons!

Getting to KnowYou

58 Era of Youth Uilani Smith... was born in Rebecca Olsen... was named to

Hawaii but is making a name for the Utah Drug Abuse Evaluation

stuUtah the high school student on fornia—Gleaner,herself in San JoaquinoutstandingStake, CaliCommittee by the Governor of

dent, church worker, and winner a 19member panel. She's a skier

of a coveted award presented espe and active church worker, a yearcially for her and engraved with book editor and a delegate to

Years"—sheher name andhas "Sevennot missedPerfecta Girls'pep clubState,personalityand hasthisservedpast assea-a

Sunday School, MIA, or sacrament son.... She's a daughter of Mr.

meeting in seven years. and Mrs. LeGrand Olsen.

Marilyn L. Schuldt... from LivDavid Armond Acree... priest in

onia, Michigan... competed in the Monroe Branch, Monroe, Louthe National College Queen conisiana... is senior president in

test this spring, representing Westhis high school... Boys'State

ern Michigan University. She was delegate... member of Quill and

selected on the basis of scholarScroll, honorary literary society ship, leadership, and beauty. A... and listed in Who's Who in

daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Louis High Schools. Busy with school,

Schuldt, she's a convert (in 1968) he also takes time to serve as asto the Church, to which she gives sistant branch clerk and secrethanks for new direction in her life. tary of the YMMIA.

July 1969 59 The editors ask,lS tIl ItLike The tardy bell rings mournfully. The scraping of chairs and

shuffling of feet echo through the school as the student body rises for the morning ritual.

"I pledge allegiance..."

Two girls finish a whispered conversation punctuated by hushed giggles and soft exclamations.

"... to the flag..."

A blond boy races into the room, skids to a stop at his seat, and adds his breathless voice to the monotone.

**... of the United States of

America..."

A student hastily scribbles the homework on his paper with his left hand as his mouth moves in rhythm with the unchanging tempo. "... and to the, Republic..."

Four boys in the back of the class pass around a drawing of the teacher, accompanied by suppressed laughter.

"... for which it stands..."

Five female heads turn toward the door as the "cute"teacher next door walks by.

"... one nation under

God..."The physiology teacher thinks of the grind ahead of him that day as the words flow from his lips. "... indivisible..."

A boy repeats the ritual in a German accent, causing the girl in front of him to burst into laughter.

Era of Youth lulling

Kim an. 16Itls?

".,. with liberty..."

A student ivith the remains of breakfast in her mouth mumbles a few incoherent words at the proper time.

"... and justice..."

A young man who had too little sleep yawns widely.

"...for all."

The students slide into their seats, muttering the last feuwords in the ceremony. The day

begins.

A rectangular piece of red, white, and blue cloth hangs from a stick above desks, chairs, books, papers—and people. It

often is unnoticed by all of them;

yet, without it, the room is not complete.

Would they care if it ivere not there?

Would they care if the cloth bore a threatening symbol instead of stars and stripes?

Would they be interested if the words ivere changed?

"J pledge allegiance to the flag and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under communism, with fear and oppression for all."

Or would such a flag, such words breed respect out of fear?

What are the requirements of caring about the traditions of one's country?

Until they decide, their flag will still be there when they turn toward her for help and proIllustrated by Travis Winn tection.

Or will she?

July 1969 61

'JSS

-rs*s*

#M|

62 Era of Youth Yihi 1 1 1 Centered FamilyReunionBy Lynn Eric Johnson "Alana, I want you to meet Bonnie Hunter from pamphlets on today's educational opportunities and

Rexburg, Idaho. She's your third cousin. When you temple marriage were distributed to each family

go to Ricks College this fall, I hope you can get unit represented.

better acquainted."At the conclusion of the afternoon's discussion,

Many such introductions were made in the foyer each young person was asked to do three things of the Salt Lake Visitors Center as some ninety in his life: to make his name synonymous with

youthful members and a few parents of the Eric virtue; to do well whatever he agreed to do; and to

JohnsonIngrid Larson family organizations got tomake one significant contribution to mankind in gether for their second annual youth seminar. Since his lifetime.

they came from Washington, Idaho, Utah, Colorado, By this point in the day, it was time to relax and

Arizona, and California, most of them had never have fun. At a nearby resort an oldfashioned picnic

met before. planned around "sloppy joes"took care of the inner

What better way could be arranged for cousins man's cravings, while thrills, chills, spills, and goodto get acquainted, have fun together, and broaden hearted laughter brought the day to a perfect close.

their knowledge of the Church all at the same time? One teenager expressed the feeling of the group

Eleven challenges were given as guides to help when she said: "It was fun to be able to meet the

them keep the family motto of Tro och Ara, the relatives and to get better acquainted with them.

Swedish expression for faith and honor. The program was excellent—and we enjoyed every

The joy to be gained by keeping one's body minute of it."

healthy and chaste was highlighted by two color Would your family organization be interested in films on LSD and social diseases. Booklets and a similar idea? O

July 1969 63 InvolvingYouth in GENEALOGY By Dr. W. Dean Belnap

How can youth of the Church young men at the age of 12 the become fullfledged copartners perform more efficiently their repriesthood with its concomitant with the Savior.

sponsibilities toward their eternal powers. At the same time, girls of The first area of emphasis in this

family? That's the challenge that similar age need to feel the influtraining program is directed toward

has been given by the First Presience of the priesthood in their lives, the young person's gaining an undency to the Priesthood Genealogy not necessarily as holders of the derstanding of the eternal family,

Committee, in cooperation with the priesthood, but as potential sharers through participation in genealogy

Church's Youth Correlation Comof priesthood blessings with their and temple work. Deacons and

mittee. husbands. Beehive girls will be asked, in coThus, a joint program is being Youth on the threshold of prepaoperation with their parents, to

prepared for youth in the areas of ration for manhood and womanhood organize a book of remembrance, both curriculum and meaningful need to identify their earthly miswhich will become a continually activity. It is felt that the generasions with the knowledge of having used instrument throughout life.

tion gap so much spoken of today been foreordained to responsibility Provision will also be made, where can be prevented through implein the premortal existence. They possible, for youth to perform bapmenting the concept of the eternal should be led to an understanding tisms for the dead.

family. If youth could come to an of the scripturc\s, and, by meaningPrograms for the Mia Maids and

awareness of who they really areful experience, thereby come to the Laurels, teachers and priests will descendants and inheritors of a realization of their royal birthright continue this emphasis on finding royal lineage of the priesthoodand premortal commitments made an identity through one's eternal the generation gap would vanish. to the Savior. They should know family. Instruction will be given

The generation gap started when they favored his plan and voted to concerning the purposes of temCain disobeyed Cod and separated accept his power of the priesthood ples in order to orient the youth himself from Adam and Eve. If and to use it in behalf of building toward and to prepare them for

Cain had realized his royal potenand governing his kingdom. their endowments and sealings.

tiality and royal lineage, and had The program of preparation has Leaders of the Church are conobeyed the precepts of the priestbeen set at seven years both for cerned about the next generation.

hood, the generation gap would not the young men of the Aaronic They are concerned that youth have started at that time. The Priesthood and for girls of comlearn the concept of love and the

disparity between generations has parable age. The goal of celestial nature of one's relationship to

existed from then to the present or eternal marriage in the temple others. They feel this is best acday. of the Lord focuses the young complished through an understandYouth of today, perhaps more couple on a lineage that extends ing of the eternal nature of the

than any other generation in histo the past as well as the future. family. Youth need to realize that

tory, need to focus attention on During the years of their youth, they have obtained a great heritage selfimage and identity, on family, young people are schooled in the not only from their Father in heaven and on relationships to the Church priesthood functions so they may and their Elder Brother, the Savior, fortuitous that the Lord gave to qualify for the oath and covenant but from their earthly parents as or the societv of God. It seems of the Melchizedek Priesthood and well. This heritage of many gifts,

Dr. W. Dean Belnap, recently appointed British Mission president, was formerly including the gift of love, will in

a member of the Youth Correlation Committee and served with the Priesthood turn be passed on to others in one's

Genealogy Committee.

eternal family relationships.

64 Era of Youth.

"Where the World Registers"

Your next trip to Denver—the

climate capital of America—

Carva/ho's sketch, now housed in the Daughters of Utah Pioneers'Museum, Parowan, Utah will be most memorable when you stay at the Brown Palace.

600 air conditioned rooms Lest We Forget suites and executive rooms five famous restaurants complete convention

To expedite your reply, write Dept. IE To a Grateful Heart accommodations

By Albert L. Zobeli, Jr.

Research Editor KARL W. MEHLMANN, General Manager

by: Represented

1 ";ri """'

ROBERT F. WARNER

Few men have enjoyed the southern Colorado into Utah and New York City adoration and acclaim of his public on to the Pacific. The exploring GLENNtos AngelesW. FAWCETT

as did Colonel John C. Fremont, party left Westport (now a part

the pathfinder. This explorer of the of Kansas City), Missouri, late

TransMississippi West led five in September 1853. COMFORTERS REBUILT

expeditions over a period of many From a point near the town Down,Feather woolmattress.or

years. The last one, during which of Green River, Utah, the Beautifuland nonslipSatinsfab-

he used his own funds, was explorers crossed Emery County and rics.ing. ImportedAlso, we tickdo

designed to complete the undertaking then proceeded through Wayne pillowsbed pads.and feather

he had already begun, County, exploring this noted Send Coupon for namely, the exploration of a railroad wonderland. From Circle Valley rInformation 1

route through the Rio Grande Valley to Parowan the | 4032RussellTweedyQuill 8.Blvd.,PillowSouthCo. Gate, Cal. 90280

and across the Rockies of expedition proceeded Check box for further information:

Down or Wool comforters recovered Q

Fashioned Old Patch quilts—tops

quilted and bound Q Please enclose name, address and zip

July 1969 65 under the most trying winter first peaks the prospect seemed of horse meat. The Saints

circumstances. hopeless. When I surveyed immediately opened their hearts

Solomon Nunes Carvalho, artist the distance, I saw nothing but and their homes, nursing the to the expedition, wrote of this continued ranges of the everlasting party back to health.

part of the trip: "The mountain snow, and for the first time my Fremont soon recovered and

ranges loomed tremendously ahead; heart failed me."traveled to southern California, while

the ascent was so steep It was February 8, 1854, when the artist Carvalho made a journey and the snow so deep that the the explorers stumbled into to Great Salt Lake City, where animals could be hardly got up; Parowan, having had no food for he eagerly replenished his

and at the top of the 48 hours, and before that, a diet artist's supplies before traveling on to California. In all,

he spent ten weeks among the Saints.

In Utah's capital city he saw the people in mourning for

Richard L. Evans President Willard Richards of

the First Presidency, and saw them

The Spoken Word atattendedtheir happiestan annualas Governor'she Ball as the special guest of Governor

A word called compassion Brigham Young.

"A larger collection of fairer is a word in our language that is called compassion—a sense and more beautiful womenThere I never saw of sympathy, a sense of fellowship in feeling, a sense of others'in one room,"he wrote.

suffering—and it puts us in mind of some lines from Longfellow: "All of them were dressed in white

"The little I have seen of the world teaches me to look upon the errors muslin; some with pink, and

of others in sorrow, not in anger,"he said. "When I take the history of others with blue sashes. Flowers

one poor heart that has sinned and suffered, and think of the struggles were the only ornaments in the hair."

and temptations... the brief... joy, the feverish inquietude of hope While he, a Jew, did not agree with

and fear, the pressure of want, the desertion of friends, I would fain their theology, he did enjoy leave the erring soul of my fellowman with Him from whose hands it the people. When his host, Governor

came."Oh, how little we are able to judge, and how much of a mixYoung, made a tour south, Carvalho

ture are all men: strength intermixed with weakness, courage with fear, joined that party, for his

good with bad; all of us with problems, sorrows; with feelings, hopes, own destination was southern

disappointments; all of us misjudged, misunderstood at times; all of California.

us misjudging, misunderstanding others—sometimes generous; someEn route he wrote of "Lehigh"

times doing, sometimes shrinking from duty; sometimes at peace, as a fine town with 600

sometimes quarreling with conscience; sometimes patient, sometimes inhabitants, and "Provost City a

giving way to temper; all of us at times with human ills, misfortunes, large settlement, containing

loss of loved ones; all sometimes discontented, and sometimes feeling about eight hundred and sixty

blessed and grateful, and all of us resolving more than we do. And in families."

thoughtful moments there comes to mind that we are fellow passengers After revisiting his friends on the same planet—a beautiful and provident planet from him who and benefactors at Parowan, he left

gave us life and eternal purposes to pursue. And so at this more mellow with President Young's party

moment, the plea for understanding, for patience, for compassion—May 18, 1854, for Cedar City. There

to trample no one, to injure no one, to deceive no one; to live so that he wrote:

others are safe in our hands; to lift other men's lives in their sickness, "The morning after my

in their sorrow, in their loss and loneliness; to lift those who are disarrival, I arose very early, and

couraged and disillusioned with life. "The little I have seen of the taking my sketchbook along,

world teaches me to look upon the errors of others in sorrow, not in I sauntered around the city; in the

anger. When I take the history of one poor heart that has sinned and course of my peregrinations, I saw a

suffered,... I would fain leave the erring soul of my fellowman with man walking up and down

Him from whose hands it came."before an adobe shanty, apparently

*"The Spoken Word"from Temple Square, much distressed; I approached

presented over KSL and the Columbia Broadcasting System May 4, 1969. Copyright 1969. him, and inquired the cause

66 Improvement Era of his dejection; he told me that sobbing as if her heart would "I bid her place her trust in

his only daughter, aged six break. Him 'who giveth and taketh

years, had died suddenly in the "Without a second's reflection away,'and left her indulging in the night; he pointed to the I commenced making a sketch excitement of joy and sorrow. I went

door, and I entered the dwelling. of the inanimate being before me, out unperceived by the bereaved

"Laid out upon a straw and in the course of halfan-hour father, who was still walking mattress, scrupulously clean, was I had produced an excellent up and down, buried in grief. I

one of the most angelic children likeness. continued my walk, contemplating the

I ever saw. On its face "A slight movement in the strange combination of events,

was a placid smile, and it looked room caused the mother to look which gave this poor woman a more like the gentle repose around her. She perceived me, single ray of peace for her

of healthful sleep than the everlasting and I apologized for my intrusion; sorrowing heart.

slumber of death. and telling her that I was one "When I was about starting

"Beautiful curls clustered around of the Governor's party who the next day, I discovered in the a brow of snowy whiteness. arrived last night, I tore wagon a basket filled with eggs,

It was easy to perceive that the leaf out of my book and presented butter, and several loaves of bread, it was a child lately from it to her, and it is impossible and a note to my address

England, from its peculiar conformation. to describe the delight and joy containing these words—'From a

I entered very softly, and she expressed at its possession. grateful heart.'"

did not disturb the afflicted She said I was an angel sent (Taken from incidents of Travel mother, who reclined on the bed, from heaven to comfort her. and Adventure in the Far West,

her face buried in the pillow, "She had no likeness of her child. pp. 21112.) O

THE LEADING L.D.S. FUNERAL DIRECTORS OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA

Melvin P. Randall Every L.D.S. service personally arLaren W. Smith

Manager, L.D.S. Department ranged, supervised and directed by Associate

2941025 these leading L.D.S. Funeral Directors. 2493511

A staff of 12 competent L.D.S.

men and women to assist you.

Regardless of where you own cemetery property, call Pierce Brothers for "THE PERFECT TRIBUTE"Los Angeles, Phone 213749-4151

More Latterday Saint families call

Lowell J. Campbel R. Reid Wallace PIERCE BROTHERS

8383956 Associate MORTUARIES 2541212 Associate 21 CONVENIENT NEIGHBORHOOD

Ideal for Home, Classroom, Missionary Use, Advancement Seminars, or as Gifts

50c a copy

40c a copy for 25 or more

Order from The Improvement Era 79 S. State Salt Lake City, Utah 84111

July 1969 67 Guidelines on how to How to make statistics work

of set a goal then setting We In the and 'for you girls the 55% and 65% for of goals, there achieving are three steps: (1) the for the boys. In home

in your church calling teaching we found in diagnosis, (2) the treatment, and (3) the rethe sample stake 23% covery. home teaching, whereas

The diagnosis: Withother stakes in the area

out a diagnosis of our had 48% home teaching.

situation, we cannot set We set a goal of 80%.

goals. Without it, we We found that only 57

work in the dark. families were holding

For many years at the home evening, whereas

Deseret News I was in other stakes in the associated with Elder Albert E. Bowen. I learned to area an average of 384 families were holding home

love and appreciate that man, and I learned many good evening. We set a goal to be reasonably expected of

things from him. Whenever we had to solve a prob700 families in the stake.

lem, he always said, "Get the facts. There is no subTo cite an example, in a study of sacrament meeting

stitute for facts."So in diagnosing our problem, we attendance in a stake in the East sometime ago (we

should get the facts. will call it Stake A), we found that the average atWe diagnose by three primary means: (1) the tendance was 27%. Attendance for other stakes in

proper use of reports, (2) interviews with those conthe area was: Stake B, 27%; Stake C, 27%. What should

cerned, and (3) personal observation through visits. we then set as a goal for Stake A? Should we leave

Studying and using reports: By studying reports, it as it is, since the other stakes average the same?

we can determine the present status of the work. Before we did so, we looked at some other "big city"

We then should decide on what improvement may stakes in the East.

reasonably be expected. For example, we might well Stake D determine what other stakes in similar conditions arc Stake E

doing, and from such a study and from a decision as Stake F 34% to what is a reasonable expectation in the performance Should Stake A's situation make their 27% acceptof the stake, we can set our goals. able? Next, we looked at the lowest percentages in

In one stake we studied, the sacrament meeting the Los Angeles area stakes:

attendance was 28%. Wc found that other stakes Stake G 30%

similarly located had an attendance at sacrament Stake H 31% meeting of 33%, and then we set a reasonably expected Stake I 32% goal of 42%. We found the Sunday School attendance Bigcity circumstances are not so different. The

in the stake being studied to be 39%. In other stakes better percentages in Los Angeles ranged up to 43%.

similarly located, it was 41%. Wc then set a goal of If some bigcity stakes could reach such figures,

50%. was it unreasonable to expect Stakes G, H, and I to

In MIA the girls had an attendance of 41% and do the same? And would those Los Angeles stakes

the boys 35%. We found that other stakes nearby with higher percentages give us some light on setting

had 48% of their girls attending and 42% of their boys, goals for Stake A?

68 Improvement Era Set and Achieve Goals By Elder Mark E. Petersen

Of the Council of the Twelve

Would an average between one of the higher stakes'The Philadelphia, New York, and Detroit average 40% and Stake A's 27% present a reasonable goal? was 51%. The Los Angeles area averaged 74.9%. The

This average would then be 33%. This could be southern Utah average was 63%. The Salt Lake City

considered reasonable as a first step. average was 87%.

As a matter of interest, we noted the percentages As the first step, would a goal of 50% for Stake A in some scattered stakes in Utah and found they be excessive?

averaged 46.5%. This could become a second goal As Brother Bowen

for Stake A, after it had reached the first one sugexplained, "There is no gested of 33%. substitute for facts."Re-

A further study revealed the following: In Stake A ports seldom if ever

32% of the membership attended Sunday School. In reveal the entire picture.

Stake B it was 31%, and in Stake C, 34%. What might Statistical goals alone

we reasonably expect of Stake A? are blind goals. We

In the Los Angeles area the average percent of must obtain the further attendance at Sunday School was 38%. Was this a light we need from visits

reasonable expectation for Stake A? But in Los Anand observations and

geles the highest was 45%, while the lowest was 26%. from interviews with perWe considered the 45% figure low for any stake. sons who reside in the areas involved.

We considered it unthinkable that any stake would The Treatment: The study shows the weaknesses

have fewer than half its people attending Sundayand sets forth the need. The need points to the remedy

School. and sets forth the goals. The remedy determines the

Then what was a fair "medicine"or specific steps to be taken to achieve goal for Stake A? the goals.

We should seek for at A clinical study made by one stake of sacrament least a 50% attendance meeting attendance in one ward showed it had the at Sunday School, and lowest percentage in the stake. Visits and interviews

we should begin to work revealed the following: poor reverence, poor music,

on this figure for Stake poor sacrament service, and poor speaking. All of

A. The fact that other this added up to disinterest on the part of the people.

stakes were low did not The following goals were set:

justify Stake A's being 1. Prepare a plan to increase reverence.

low. 2. Establish reverence through home teaching inBut we should set our own goal as to what is needed, struction and proper example in the meetings

and not merely be governed by statistical averages. themselves on the part of the leaders.

Utah's scattered stakes had Sunday School atten- 3. Organize a ward choir and ward music comdance averages that ranged from 34% up to 76%. mittees.

If one stake could reach 76%, other stakes should 4. Organize the Aaronic Priesthood properly for

be able to reach 50%. sacrament service.

In home teaching we found the following: 5. Prepare a planned speaking program.

Stake A 43* Stake C....35% 6. Organize officers and teachers into attendance

Stake B committees.

July 1969 69 Here is a proven sixstep plan to uplift any ward or auxiliary organization

The steps taken to achieve each of these goals into be provided in the sacrament meeting. It was

cluded the following: suggested that the Primary children might sing in

1. Home teachers taught reverence as they visited sacrament meeting one Sunday a month to share songs

homes. The bishop arranged for an organ prelude ten they occasionally sing so beautifully during stake

minutes before meetings began and asked the congreconferences. The MIA

gation to maintain reverence during the prelude. chorus was used for

Proper ushering was also organized. special numbers, which

As members came to the meetinghouse, they were helped to bring the given a warm handshake and a welcome. This was young people out. It

done in a quiet tone, suggesting reverence. As strangers was planned that the

came in, they were shown to the cloakroom and then choir would place greatintroduced to members of the bishopric, who were in er emphasis on music the foyer near the chapel entrance. Then ushers in from the Latterday

the chapel showed the visitors to their seats. Saint hymnbook.

The member of the bishopric who was to conduct 4. Better administrafor the evening was on the stand early to set an uiustrated by Ted N agata tion of the sacrament

example. Four members of the Aaronic Priesthoodwas next considered. The priests and deacons were

Adult served as ushers, and members of the Aaronic given careful instructions. The bishop found the

PriesthoodYouth assisted. This service counted deacons usually came to sacrament meeting only when

toward their awards. they were assigned to pass the sacrament. The ward

For ten minutes before the meeting began, the bought some additional trays, and now every deacon organist played the prelude music. Before this special is assigned each Sunday in both Sunday School and

reverence program was begun, the organist occasionsacrament meeting. By using all the boys the time

ally did not arrive until five minutes before the for the ordinance was reduced.

meeting was to begin, and everything was thus 5. The bishop then decided on a theme for each

delayed. Now the bishop insisted that she begin on sacrament meeting and made plans to improve the

time. Just before the prelude began, a member of the speaking by giving assignments in advance. For each

bishopric on the stand called the people to order. He Sunday evening he took one chapter from the book

also announced that when the meeting was finished, A Marvelous Work and a Wonder by Elder LeGrand the postlude would begin at once and members of the Richards. Five speakers were assigned for each sacracongregation were to walk quietly out to the foyer ment meeting, with three threeminute talks by teenwhere they might visit. agers and two 15to 20minute talks by adults. The

2. The bishop asked the home teachers to explain total speaking time did not exceed 50 minutes. Each

the plan of reverence to the ward members and to speaker was assigned his subject at least two weeks suggest that they teach their children to remember in advance and was told exactly how much time to that the church is the Lord's house and they are take.

therefore to sit quietly and reverently. To illustrate the manner in which assignments were

3. The next plan was to improve the music. The made, baptism was the subject one evening. One talk

bishopric organized a music committee and then was given by a teenager on the mission of John the called members to serve in a choir. They also disBaptist and the baptism of Christ. Another talk by

cussed with the music committee the music that was a teenager was on immersion as the mode of baptism.

70 Improvement Era Which step best fits you? Richard L. Evans

The Spoken Word How to cure a bad conscience The third talk by a teenager was on the baptism of the Spirit for the bestowal of the gift of the Holy voice of conscience,"said Madame de Stael, Ghost by the laying on of hands. An adult was assigned The"is so delicate that it is easy to stifle it; but it is

to talk on the subject of divine authority required to also so clear that it is impossible to mistake it."1

baptize and how the Church received that authority. "Conscience,"said Francis Bowen, "is a divine voice

The concluding talk by an adult was on baptism for in the human soul...."2 In a sense it is a voice

the dead and preaching the gospel to the dead. within, and yet also something from outside. George

6. Next, the bishop approached the ward auxiliary Crabbe referred to conscience as "man's most faithofficers about bolstering sacrament meeting attenful friend!"3—a friend that "warns us as a friend

dance. "We members of the bishopric are going to be before it punishes as a judge."4 Some have thought

in sacrament meeting,"he said, "and we will have all they could conquer conscience by ignoring it, by the members of our families with us every Sunday. wearing it down, by acting as if it weren't there. But

We would like to ask each of you to also be there the persistent offender loses the finer sensitivities every Sunday with all the members of your families. of life; the sense of acceptance to himself, to God,

Will you in turn ask your other officers and your and to others also—and the peace he might have had.

teachers to do the same?"He then went to the Those who choose to live as if they had no conAaronic and Melchizedek Priesthood quorums and science in some way or other pay a price. Conscience

made the same request. is like a nerve system. If we deaden it, it doesn't

The bishop submitted the plan to the stake presitell us the truth, and if we don't know the truth we dency for approval. Over a period of six months, are in trouble. There are seme things a person simply

sacrament meeting attendance in the ward increased cannot partake of and still remain as he was. Every

from 29% to 51%! deliberate and determined act against conscience

In achieving his goal, this bishop used both statistics somehow changes a person inside. The law of comand personal observation. As a result, the ward reached pensation still moves in matters of conscience, as

51% average attendance at sacrament meeting, there in all else, and despite all talk about changing prinwas higher contentment among the ward members, ciples, commandments, morality and immorality, activity improved in the auxiliaries and quorums, and man cannot act contrary to the inner responses God the spirituality of the ward in general greatly imhas given, cannot ignore the whisperings from the proved. Divine Source, without the consequences that follow

It was discovered that missionary work was also when we deny the better things we know. We canaided, as sacrament meetings became a teaching opnot ignore conscience without coarsening ourselves,

it as a friend before it portunity for investigators. and well would we listen to

I fully believe that statistics in and of themselves becomes a tormentor. The only way to cure a bad

are inadequate. The ward just cited needed better conscience is to stop doing what we know we

reverence, a better sacrament service, and better speakshouldn't do, and start doing what we should do.

ing in sacrament meetings, and none of these needs would have been shown in the statistics alone. But 2MadameFrancis Bowende Stael(18111890),(17661817),AmericanFrench author.philosopher.

combined with a study of the ward and stake by 43CeorgeLeszinskiCrabbe,StanislausTales;(16771766),No. xiv. TheKingStrugglesof Poland.of Conscience.

personal observation, the statistics helped point out *"The Spoken Word"from goals to be established and provided a basis from Temple Square, presented over KSt and the Columbia Broadwhich to begin achieving those goals. casting System April 27, 1969. Copyright 1969.

July 1969 71

A review of the differing resurrections that await mankind

AfterDeathWhat?

By W. Cleon Skousen

# Fifteen thousand more days to live! ing the degree of eternal glory to which that indiThis is the prospect—or remaining life span—for the vidual is entitled. A modern revelation indicates that

average young adult today. It simply means that in at the time of its resurrection, each spirit is elevated

15,000 days will come a transitional experience called to whatever degree of glory it has earned. For examdeath, which sweeps each of us into a whole new ple, speaking of those who are celestial spirits, the

dimension of cosmic reality. For countless years Lord says, "... and your glory shall be that glory by

people have asked just what happens at death. which your bodies are quickened."(D&C 88:28. Italics

Now that the gospel has been restored, we have readded.

ceived a tremendous vista of knowledge concerning Thus, those who can be elevated to a celestial life after death. We know that the separation of the glory will receive celestial bodies; those who cannot

spirit from the body is a very necessary part of God's abide such a glory will be given either terrestrial or plan and not a major tragedy, as many had supposed. telestial bodies, depending upon the level of glory

What we call death is simply the temporary separatheir spirits are worthy to receive.

tion of the spirit from the body so that the spirit can It was Jesus who said, "In my Father's house are be prepared for the resurrection. We are told that many mansions"(John 14:2), but only in the writings

this is done in a place just outside our own dimension of the apostle Paul and in modern scripture do we of reality, a place called the spirit world. have direct reference to the fact that mankind will be

Preparation for the resurrection involves discipline, resurrected to a variety of glories, depending upon evaluation, reform, and hard work. For a certain few their worthiness. This means that there must be difthe transition from mortality to the resurrection can ferent kingdoms designed to accommodate people of

be accomplished in the "twinkling of an eye"(see different glories. In other words, our human family

D&C 63:51 and 101:31), but for all the rest extensive will not all be together in the eternities. Here is the

preparation is required. way Paul describes it:

God's justice requires that all be given an oppor- "There are also celestial bodies, and bodies tertunity to hear and embrace the gospel plan for happy restrial: but the glory of the celestial is one, and the

living. Since many persons never received that opglory of the terrestrial is another, and the telestial is

portunity here on earth, they will have such an another. [This last phrase appears only in the Inopportunity in the spirit world. Even those who did spired Version.]

hear the gospel here on earth will apparently find "There is one glory of the sun, and another glory of many things to be done in the spirit world before they the moon, and another glory of the stars: for one star

are ready for the resurrection. The spirit world, therediffereth from another in glory.

fore, is an essential and busy interval in our preparation "So also is the resurrection of the dead...."( 1 Cor.

for the future eternities. 15:4042.)

It is also in the spirit world that each personality is Paul was very obscure in discussing the origin of eventually judged and a determination made concernthis knowledge, because when it was revealed to him it included many things that he said were "not lawful in the W. Skousen, School teacher Cleon Sunday Parleys for a man to utter."(2 Cor. 12:4.) In fact, the vision

(Salt of religion is associate professor Lake City), Ward at Brigham Young University, author of Church books, in which Paul received this information is treated so former member of the F.B.I., and former Salt Lake City modestly in his writings that one has to analyze them

police. chief of

very carefully to realize he is talking about himself.

72 Improvement Era Jff%

% >*.-

r j*r

'<SHHHv\:u4i||fiMk

JBMjffflLi 'fokwi.tifift*11*''

MmigmmmmmfiP*n *

Supper at Emmaus, by Caravaggio (15731609)

He said: far as we know, Paul never recorded the details of that

"I knew a man in Christ above fourteen years ago which he was shown, but Joseph Smith states that... such an one caught up to the third heaven. And the modern vision had barely begun when "the Lord

I knew such a man... how that he was caught up commanded us that we should write the vision."

into paradise, and heard unspeakable words, which (D&C 76:28.)

it is not lawful for a man to utter. Of such an one Once this definitive revelation had been given conwill I glory: yet of myself I will not glory...."(2 cerning the resurrection, many other revelations (both

Cor. 12:2-5.) ancient and modern) began to take on a whole new

As a result of this magnificent revelation, Paul gave dimension of highly significant meaning. It not only

us his famous teachings on the resurrection and made demonstrated the literal reality of the "many manspecific reference to the different glories we will insions"referred to by the Savior, but it also revealed herit according to our worthiness. Nevertheless, the extremely important information concerning the kind

details were left obscure, and it was not until modern of people who will go to each of these various glories times that we gained a thrilling and comprehensive or kingdoms.

understanding of the things Paul had seen. We are told first of all that the celestial kingdom

It was on February 16, 1832, while Joseph Smith belongs to all those who accept the gospel of Jesus was residing at the Johnson home in Hiram, Ohio, that Christ without undue procrastination. (See D&C

he and Sidney Rigdon unexpectedly received a vision 76:5153.)

of the glories similar to the one received by Paul. As Verses 71 to 79 state that if a person has an opporJuly 1969 73

"God... has prepared a series of

glorious kingdoms, the least of which is too marvelous for us to imagine."

degrees. (D&C 131:1.) To attain the highest degree,

one must be married for time and eternity by the power of God's holy priesthood. (D&C 131:2-3.) Only

those who qualify for this highest discipline enjoy a continuing family relationship in the eternal worlds.

(D&C 132:19.) And only those who qualify for this

level will have the privilege of being tutored to follow in the footsteps of the Father and share in his infinite power. (D&C 132:20.) To these the Father says he

will give "all things."Then the scripture adds, "They

are they who are priests and kings, who have received of his fulness, and of his glory....

"Wherefore, as it is written, they are gods, even the sons of God."(D&C 76:5556, 58.)

Much of this, of course, is presently beyond rational

The hands of Christ from the sculpture The comprehension. Paul warned us after receiving his

Risen Christ, by Michelangelo (14751574) great revelation that "eye hath not seen, nor ear heard, neither hath entered into the heart of man, the things which God hath prepared for them that love tunity to embrace the fullness of the gospel during him."(1 Cor. 2:9. See also Isaiah 64:4.)

earth life but postpones accepting it until he reaches But what about those who do not reach the celesthe spirit world, then he cannot be an heir to the tial kingdom?

celestial kingdom. He drops down to the next level, Paul pointed out that the terrestrial glory is of a

the terrestrial. Of course, if a person never even hears different order and definitely inferior to that of the

the gospel until he reached the spirit world (and that celestial kingdom, even as the moon is far less glorious has been the case with the majority of mankind), then than the brilliant illumination of the sun. (1 Cor.

he can accept it in the spirit world without any 15:4142. ) Modern revelation has verified the accuracy

penalty, provided he would have accepted it in the of Paul's statement. (See D&C 76:7071.)

flesh. In due time the ordinance work will be done As we have already mentioned, this is the kingdom

for him vicariously (such as baptism for the dead rewhere the Father's children go who have had a chance ferred to by Paul in 1 Cor. 15:29), and then that to embrace the gospel and help establish the kingdom

person will be resurrected to the celestial glory just of God on earth, but who have passed by the opporas though he had accepted the gospel while in earth tunity and have not come forward to receive the plan life. of salvation until they reached the spirit world. ( D&C

Modern revelation has further disclosed that the 76:74.) They will enjoy a great glory, but it is far

celestial kingdom is divided into three heavens or less than what they might have had.

74 Improvement Era These include that class of persons who are basicallybow the knee and confess that he is the Christ. (See

honorable men and women, but who have passed by D&C 76:110.)

the gospel of Jesus Christ by allowing themselves to The telestial kingdom will include all those who be deceived by the craftiness of the philosophies of have spent their lives in profligate living without the men. (D&C 76:75.) They were too sophisticated for slightest virtue of repentance in this life. The Lord

anything so humble and simple as the gospel plan. says these are they who are liars, sorcerers, adulterers,

In the spirit world they recognize their mistake, and, whoremongers, and whosoever loves and makes a lie.

as the scales of their blindness, pride, and manmade (See D&C 76:103.)

illusions crumble away, they come forth at last to These are they who will not be gathered with the drink at the one glorious fountain whose living waters Saints nor caught up in the cloud to meet the Lord are such that the recipient need never thirst again. when he comes. (D&C 76:102.) These are they who

These have come lately, but at least they have come. suffer the wrath of God on earth. (D&C 76:104.)

Theirs is the glory of the moon. These are they who suffer the vengeance of eternal

In the parable of the ten virgins, the Lord suggests fire while they are waiting in the spirit world. (D&C

that in the terrestrial kingdom will be found some of 76:105.) Unfortunately, these are as innumerable as

those who have professed to be his followers. What the stars in the firmament of heaven or as the sand

has happened to them? upon the seashore. (D&C 76:109.)

It seems they were not valiant. They did not keep The most that any of these can expect in the vast

their lamps lighted. They are likened unto five foolish reaches of eternity will be their role as "servants of

virgins. When the Father needed them to help save the Most High."This means they can never achieve

more of their brothers and sisters, they did not come. godhood. ( D&C 76: 112. ) Where Christ and the Father

They were slothful, waiting to be commanded in all dwell they cannot go, "worlds without end."(D&C

things. They did not openly fight against the Church; 76:112.)

they just let others do all the work, go on all the misThese are they who, when they die, must remain sions, serve in all the jobs of teachers and officers with Lucifer and his angels until the end of the milin the kingdom, pay all the tithes, take care of all the lennium, when they are resurrected as thirdclass poor, administer to all the sick, visit all the orphans citizens in the eternities of God's great cosmos.

and widows and those in prison. In the heat of God's (D&C 76:8485.)

great battle against his apostate son Lucifer, they let One of the most astonishing passages in modern others carry the burden of the fight. They stood back revelation on the resurrection informs us that the very

when they should have stood up—for freedom, for least of God's kingdoms—the telestial glory—is so magrighteousness, for truth. nificent that it "surpasses all understanding."(D&C

These are they of whom Christ will say at his com76:89. Italics added.)

ing, "Verily'I say unto you, I know you not."( See Matt. This means that God, in his mercy and anxiety for

25:8-12.) our welfare, has prepared a series of glorious kingdoms,

Last of all come those who go to the lowest of all of the least of which is too marvelous for us to imagine.

God's kingdoms. This is the glory telestial. And if such superlatives apply to the minimal glory

One unusual thing about this kingdom is the fact of the kingdom like unto the stars, what of the kingthat all of the people assigned to this dimension are not dom of glory like unto the moon? And, even more

of the same glory. Collectively, they are similar, even importantly, what can be said of the supreme exaltaas the stars in the firmament are similar when comtion of them all, the glory like unto the sun?

pared with the luster of the moon or the magnificent It is this highest degree of the highest glory for glory of the sun. Nevertheless, individually they differ which the restored gospel of Jesus Christ is specifically

in glory as "one star differs from another."(D&C designed to prepare us. Among all of God's endow76:98.) ments, this is the most glorious. At this stage of our

These are they who did not embrace the fullness of development, none of us could be given more. And

the gospel of Jesus Christ when it came to them. ( See knowing as much as we do of the coming resurrec-

D&C 76:101.) They gloried in the infatuating doction, who would dare aspire to anything less?

trines concocted by the imagination of men and "reEach day we make decisions that help determine ceived not the gospel, neither the testimony of our place in the eternities. Our task is to live the

Jesus, neither the prophets, neither the everlasting kind of lives that will make it possible for us to win covenant."(D&C 76:99101.) the supreme prize—the fullness of the glory of the

When the glory of the Savior is manifest, these will sun—the highest degree of the celestial kingdom. O

July 1969 75 The accompanying illustrations and prose poetry form part of a display in the old John Johnson home in

Hiram, Ohio. The home, once a temporary residence

for the Prophet Joseph Smith, was the location of an early general conference of the Church and the scene of both great and tragic experiences in the life of the

Prophet. It is now one of the Church's visitors centers.

The illustrations are by Gerald R. Hales. President S.

Dilworth Young of the First Council of the Seventy wrote the prose poetry, which is excerpted from his

The Long book Road—From Vermont to Carthage

(Bookcraft, Inc., 1967).

The Johnson Family (Summer 1831)

Reposing quiet in their laps, By President S. Dilworth Young Their heads pokebonnet crowned

John Johnson (father of four large handsome sons, (They dignified their sex).

Among them Luke and Lyman) and his wife,

Her arm long useless from The men sat on their chairs with greater ease,

Rheumatic pain, and Ezra Booth and Crosslegged,

His wife, too, had heard of Joseph Smith, Dressed in somber black,

Both good and bad report, and Befitting garb for men of sober mien.

Thought All eyes were on the Prophet Joseph Smith.

They ought Could this youth be a prophet

To visit friends in Kirtland, (Some must thus have doubted)—

Then call on Joseph Smith and This youth of twentysix?

See him for themselves Well built, they thought.

(To satisfy their curiosity). And so No clothes could quite conceal the ripple

A team was hitched and driven there. Of the muscles when he moved—a powerful man.

Then, finding ivhere he lived, John Johnson looked at him with new respect.

They called on him. They talked of many things, of gifts prophetic,

Of faith and works, of kingdom of the Lord,

Prim and straight the women sat, And of the word of God.

Their feet placed squarely on the floor, What would they talk about,

Their long full dresses hiding line and form, These prosperous farmer folk,

With lace halfmittens hiding roughened hands When speaking with a prophet?

76 Improvement Era And how could they be sure he spoke the truth? And raised it up for all to see.

They must have had such thoughts. One spoke, And praised the Lord for her release from

And wondered if prophetic power was on earth, Agony.

If any man had power to heal the sick

As Christ had done, and Peter later on. No one described their leaving to return,

Or what they thought as, jogging slowly home,

Had God, in this last day, They talked and mulled the

Given to any man to heal, say, such a one Things that they had heard.

As Mrs. Johnson here? Her arm has been But Mrs. Johnson rode with ease at last.

Quite useless many a year. No one could tell her that she hadn't

No one replied, and conversation veered Seen a miracle and felt one too.

To other things, as conversation will. And all could see (if any cared to see)

There was a pause—and Joseph Smith arose Her doing up the family wash next day,

And crossed the room to ivhere the ivomen sat, Rubbing, scrubbing,

To take the hand of Mrs. Johnson. Boiling, rinsing, hanging—

Then he spoke: Woman, in the name of the Arm as good as neiv.

Lord Jesus Christ, I command thee to be whole! John Johnson and his family joined the

Immediately he left the room. Church (and Ezra Booth as well).

Stunned silence! He offered Joseph Smith asylum

What impudence, flashed through one mind. In his home, rent free, and

But Mrs. Johnson spoke: Boarded him and Emma, and the tivins,

The pain is gone; look, I can raise my arm. As long as they would care to stay.

July 1969 77 Visit a place where the skyscrapers are green and covered with pine needles.

AirWest flies to Fresno. Right

next to Yosemite. We also fly

to 14 other National Parks and 34 National Monuments all over the west.

Call your Travel Agent or Air West. You need a vacation.

Air West is the west's own airliner But We Had a Wonderful Time! By Daryi v. h***

Tips on how to enjoy traveling—no matter howYear's Food

Supply $129.95 (Plus Tax on Utah Sales) Families everywhere are on the Other people enthusiastically re11 Same Size Prepacked Cases go—it's vacation time again! And sponded when they heard about

ifclO cans—Low Moisture Foods with this comes the challenge of our intended trip through the

4 Fruits, 6 Grains, 3 Protein Foods, how to travel successfully with Southwest. "That sounds like a

8 Vegetables plus Juices and Desserts. children. great adventure,"they told us, "Our

Balanced Food Supply in convenientEvery time a family trip is menhappiest trips have been with our is scientifically preto-store cartons of tioned, my mind goes back sevchildren."fill the nutritional pared to needs

one person for one full year or a eral years to the most challenging In thinking about those two very 4-6 of family three months.

in Salt Lake Pick up or we will ship trip we've ever taken as a famdifferent reactions, it was easy to freight collect. Gross shipping wt. fly.... see that those who had enjoyed

365 lbs. We took five children—six years successful family vacations had

of age plan- a and twoand-a- through under—on them made that way"pi=*rm7xpak"trip. Prior half to attitude. the trip This ning and our week was

ir 40 East 2430 South, Salt Lake City, many people told us that such an challenge; we hoped to return home

Utah 84115 - Phone (801) 4869671 undertaking was absolutely ridicuable to join the ranks of those who Please send me:

... Year's Food Supply @ $129.95 each lous. They thought we were crazy! considered their family trips their

(My check/ moneyorder is enclosed.)

Free catalogs Food Storage Plan Daryl V. Hoole is mother of seven children, author, lecturer on family

fj Survival Kit and Camping topics, and den mother in the Yalecrest Second Ward in Salt Lake City.

rj Group Discounts/ FundRaising Plan

Name Address City State Zip....

IE 7-69

78 Improvement Era many children you have

happiest trips. Just how was it This took some work, but it was We held a council meeting durwith our children? Becky was two enjoyable. Half the fun was in the ing which the rules for the trip

months old and was happy eating anticipation. We were convinced were reviewed. The three most imand sleeping anywhere. Our three that it would be far better to exportant were: (1) We will be

girls, Jean, Diane, and Elaine, were haust ideas than nerves—and such ladies and gentlemen in restaurants.

happy and contented as long as planning really did pay off. (2) We will be quiet in motels.

things were interesting to them. Many conversations in our home (3) We will not argue or fight in

Roger, our boy, was an extremely centered around trip plans and the car.

active fiveyear-old. If there weren't maps. This helped prepare the Summed up, the rules meant that

trees to climb or balls to throw, he children for the fact that, unlike a the children were to be "happiness was likely to spend his energy short drive to a neighboring city, makers,"not "problem makers."We

teasing his sisters. The thing we we would be driving for a number pointed out to the children that

had to do was keep Roger too busy of days. It helped them know what those who kept the rules would

and happy to tease. to expect so they could gain the enjoy good times and wonderful

The weeks before the trip were most from each experience, and it experiences. If a rule was broken,

spent gathering and developing stimulated their enthusiasm for the there would be a punishment to fit ideas for car and motel projects. whole idea. Every morning for the "crime."For example, anyone

Then we streamlined and organized three weeks Diane, age three, who misbehaved in a restaurant so as to pack the maximum amount asked, "Is this the day we go on would have to finish his meal in of fun into the minimum space. our trip?"the car with a peanut butter

July 1969 79 sandwich. (Luckily, this didn't ever words were heard only rarely. with a marking pen). These bags

happen.) And so, after family prayer, we were to be carryalls for anything

Each day as we traveled we were at last on our way. After we collected on the trip, such as rocks,

planned to point out on the map had traveled an hour or so we prebars of soap, and postcards.

where we were, where we were sented each child with a large toy The toy bags were also to hold going, and about how long it would bag made of bright turquoise denim their grab bag surprises. These

take to get there. No one was to with a drawstring made from the grab bag surprises were to be given

use the "poison"words: "How much cording used to draw draperies. to each child every several hundred

longer?"or "When will we be Each bag was individually marked miles or so upon condition that the

there?"To our delight, poison with a child's name (quickly done rules were obeyed. Prior to the trip

I had spent several hours and dollars at a local variety store selecting inexpensive little toys for this purpose. Most of the toys cost about

Richard L Evans ten cents each. I wrapped the sets

of toys—a set consisted of a similar

The Spoken Word toy for each child in our family—

in paper bags secured with elastics and packed them in a pasteboard

The parents of your children box in the order I planned to use them.

is the grab to that the bag might far reaches One morning back goes counsel this Godgiven novelty toy that contain an inexpensive thy father thy mother:Thereof the and of man: "Honour memory

thy days may be long upon the land which the Lord thy God givfor each child. Later in the aftereth thee."1 Honor in this sense could mean many things: loving, chernoon perhaps a miniature box of

ishing, respecting; confiding in, counselling with, caring for; living raisins or a package of lifesavers

usefully, righteously, morally. Honoring may mean learning from would be the surprise. Other days

parents lessons they have learned and even avoiding mistakes they there would be tiny dolls and may have made. And there is evidence that those who honor parents blankets, which I had previously

have lengthened the peace and happiness of life, with a deep and abidmade from scraps of cloth, with pill ing satisfaction—all of which is something profoundly to consider. And boxes (given to me by our drugnow to turn a moment to those yet young; to those as yet unmarried, gist) for beds; tiny cars and trucks

and to those who have young families, and those who still are blessed with little plastic men; paper pads

with children being born—and for this we turn to these two sentences and pencils; small slates and chalk;

from Eldon Tanner: "The parents that you should honor more than a favorite toy from home; a souany others,"he said, "are the parents of your childrento-be. Those venir purchased along the route;

is that it possible to the are entitled best parentschildren for you to sunglasses; storybooks; toy a dime

of childrento-be! parents."your the parents 2 Honoringgive them—clean at for a root beer the next highway

Think of the importance of the partner you choose in marriage. Think stand.

of marrying someone who shares your own ideals so your children The grab bag surprises conwill not be pulled apart by their parents. Think of the importance of tributed a great deal to the peace

learning and working and preparing to provide for them. Think of givand happiness as we drove. Good

ing children parents who are moral, reverent, clean, and kind. Think times were also had singing and reof giving children homes of love and understanding, responsibility and citing nursery rhymes and poems.

respect; neglect parents not to teach them, cherish would who them, My husband and I took turns telling

finer of life. mothers,lead things to the them young fathers To young

progressive played We—and to you who yet have your decision to make in marriage, rememstories.story, in begins one person which

ber: "The parents that you should honor [as well as your own and

others]... are the parents of your childrento-be. Those children are a story in a sentence or two, the

entitled to the best parents that it is possible for you to give them—next person adds another thought,

and so on, until everyone has had clean parents."

a turn and the story is completed.

l Exod. 20:12.

President N. Eldon Tanner, Church News, April 19, 1969. Since returning from our trip a

*"The Spoken Word"from Temple Square, friend told us that a simple puppet presented over KSt and the Columbia Broadcasting System May 11, 1969. Copyright 1969. for each child can multiply the fun

80 Improvement Era of storytelling. That's an idea for expected it to be. But it was a forms of education, and that trips

our next trip! change, and a very memorable, desuch as this one can help our

The hours in the car afforded us lightful one. There were some children to be better adjusted, betan opportunity to teach the children hectic moments when the children ter students at school, and more

to count to 100, name the days of were too hot or too tired ( that hapinteresting and interested people.

the week and the months of the pens at home, too), but the many Our lives were certainly enyear, and review the ABC's. Rhymhappy hours more than compenriched. And being together as a

ing words proved to be fun. For sated for them. family for such a venture was a joy

example, one person would say My husband, Hank, and I feel in itself. It was work, but it was

"ball"and then we would suggest that traveling is one of the best worth it! O

other words that rhymed with it.

Adding number combinations, such as three plus two equals five, was a delightful learning experience. We

enjoyed such car games as looking for an Indian on a horse, another station wagon just like ours, a Richard L. Evans

green sedan, an American flag on a building, or a refrigerated truck. The Spoken Word

A Thermos bottle filled with cool in handy, verywater and came a On making memories prothe car top of rack onbaggage vided the children with as much leg room as possible in our station this marvelous mind, this marvelous memory God has given (inwagon. Stops other than those for Infinitely beyond the capacity that anyone has ever reached or realized)

gas and meals proved unnecessary. are stored away the impressions of life: what we have done and seen

Much of our traveling time was and thought and heard and saidall that makes the total experience of taken up enjoying the enchanting each of us. Sometimes thoughts come quickly when we want to recall

it takes a moment, or less or longer, to rememberSouthwest. We viewed impressive them. Sometimes

canyons and caves, saw several what we would like to remember. Sometimes memories, impressions,

types of Indian life, learned to apcome to our consciousness uninvited, whether we wish them to or not.

it all, no man is wise enough to know.preciate a desert landscape, spent The working and the wonder of

is this: the record is theresome fascinating hours in Mexico, But one of the sobering lessons of life

thoughts, experiences, impressions of places and people, all of themand toured interesting buildings,—and that unwantedthoughts return as well as wanted ones—the negashops, and museums.

The motels offered swimming tive, the unclean stories, the sordid sights and scenes, as well as wholesome, pleasant, happy sights and scenes. And so the responsibility ofpools for water play and television

making memories, for ourselves and others, is with us always. This

for selected programs. We played places upon parents the sacred obligation to help make people happy,

school and taught our threeyear- wholesome memories for children; happy memories of home; and upon

old, Diane, how to write her name; teachers, upon us all, to deal with them in fairness, kindness, encourRoger, five years old, learned to tie

agement; with memories that will bless and strengthen and sustain them

his shoes; and Jean, age six, learned later in life. This places upon us all the obligation to deal with all

to tell time. Embroidering, knitting, others in honor—always, wherever we are, to live and act and be so as

puzzles, paper dolls, crayons and not to be embarrassed when we meet any person, anyplace, when paper, stories, and toys from their memories choose to return: to live so as far as possible, to remember

bags helped to keep them happily happily the whole life, and to help make that kind of memories for occupied during morning and others also. Everyone who deals with anyone in the closest or in the

evening hours. most remote relationships of life should so live as to make memories

Becky, the baby, was the easiest pleasant, honorable, righteous, fairso as not to be embarrassed to to care for. She ate and slept and meet anyone, anywhere. As memory brings back its pictures and imwas perfectly happy. Disposable pressions, we should remember to do what we will be happy to rediapers and readyto-use canned member we have done.

formulas were a great help. *"The Spoken Word"from Temple Square,

The trip wasn't a rest. We hadn't presented over KSL and the Columbia Broadcasting System May 18, 1969. Copyright 1969.

July 1969 81 Cross Country Coach

Coach Jed Gibson of Ricks College, Rexburg, Idaho, has been elected president of the National Cross Country Coaches Association.

Silver Buffalo Award Brother Gibson, second

President N. Eldon Tanner to boyhood."Ten counselor in the Ricks

of the First Presidency prominent Americans College Ninth Ward, is head has been awarded the received the honor at a track coach at Ricks

Silver Buffalo by program in Boston. College and has directed

the National Council of Boy President Tanner began his two national cross country

Scouts of America service to scouting winning teams in the "for distinguished service 56 years ago in Canada. past four years.

Californian Heads Senator Receives

Retarded Children Group Government Award

Dennis L. Lauper of Senator Wallace F.

Japanese Mormon Pavilion the Oakland (California) Bennett of Utah has received

Groundbreaking ceremonies for the Church's Fourth Ward has been the 1969 George pavilion at Expo 70, to be held in Osaka, Japan in 1970, elected president of the East Washington award from were recently attended by Elder Ezra Taft Benson Bay Association for the American Good of the Council of the Twelve; Kaoru Chuma, Retarded Children. Government Society. Brother

mayor of Osaka; and Gisen Sato, governor of the Osaka The organization coordinates Bennett, a former

Prefecture. Expo 70 will be the first world's the activities of Sunday School

fair held in Asia. The Church's pavilion professional counselors and general treasurer,

will be in a featured position near volunteer workers among is chairman of the U.S.

the entrance gate. retarded children. Senate's Ethics Committee.

82 Improvement Era Park Superintendent Youth Director Named BYU Receives Brigham Young Books

Varold P. Rolfson of the Marjorie Luke of the Surveying three large volumes and four smaller

Vernon Branch, Santa Barbara (California) account books of President Brigham Young

AlaskanCanadian Mission, Second Ward has been that were recently given to Brigham Young University has been appointed named general director of are President Ernest L. Wilkinson of BYU,

superintendent of Kootenay Youth Theatre Productions, President Joseph Fielding Smith of the First Presidency,

National Park in the Inc., of Santa Barbara. Elder Howard W. Hunter of the Council of the Twelve,

Southeast British Columbia, The organization is BYU Librarian Donald K. Nelson, and Roy E.

a part of the Canadian recognized as being one Christensen of California, who made the presentation.

National Park System. of the outstanding The books, which include the personal and

Brother Rolfson youth theatrical groups financial records of President Young, were obtained was formerly of the United States. from Patience Thatcher of Logan, Utah, a greatgranddaughter

superintendent of Mount Directors are teachers of the second President of the Church.

Revelstoke and Glacier of the performing arts "The books will make available a wealth of information

National Park. in Santa Barbara. that until now has been unobtainable,"said Brother Nelson.

BYU and Ricks Win Titles

In a flourish of springtime activity, Brigham Young Both BYU and Ricks repeat for the second

University and Ricks College, both Churchsupported consecutive year. BYU also won the tennis championship.

schools, have garnered track and field Ricks College took second place in tennis in championships in their respective athletic conferences. their athletic conference.

July 1969 83 Spend the day after your vacation telling fish stories.

In Spanish.

Talking about the marlin off the coast of Mazatlan, the tuna and sailiish around La Paz and Puerto Vallarta.

Air West can fly you to Mexico this summer. It's off season.

Prices are low and everything is airconditioned.

It's up to you. You can sit

around home watching the crab grass grow all summer. Or

call your Travel Agent or Air West. And visit Mexico.

You need a vacation.

Air West is the west's own airline.-

inspirational eless, "Mail's here!"Marlane called. are coming to the conference. We'll LDS FILMS "Letters for you, Mom! Eastern include some of the local relatives

postmarks!"who are especially interested in

Quickly I ripped open three letgenealogy. Some of these people

ters from "shirttail"relatives in the have met each other only through

East, each of whom was coming to letters. Even though the conferSalt Lake City for the World Conence schedule is a busy one, we'll

ference on Records. Unfortunately, find a time convenient for all of

with our alreadylarge family, there them."

would be privacy for only a couple "Won't this be fun!"Marlane

of house guests—and that would exulted. "But what will we serve

Johnny ingo require"But wejuggling.want to meet them all, for"Thea crowd?"biggest problem will be

EDUCATIONAL MEDIA SERVICES Mother!"Marlane objected. "When something that can be partially

Herald R. Clark Building you went to New York with Aunt prepared ahead of time, because Brigham University Young

Provo, Utah 84601 Hazel a few years ago to find rec- I'll also want to attend conference

DESERET BOOK COMPANY Film Department ords, we felt a little cheated."meetings,"I said.

East 44 South Temple Salt City, Lake Utah 84111 "By all means you should know At dinner time the news was anto Tell a the have you whole what—we'll nounced family—Dad, Chicago Film BYU Center BYU Southwestern Film Center them.

Films, Inc. Association 415 North 6th Avenue all girls. 561 Hillgrove dinner three three and invite boys, Avenue and who Tucson, we know Arizona Every85705

III. La Grange. 60525

Film BYU Canadian Center Film Bay BYU Area Center Temporary Address

Association Films, Inc. 23rd 2300 Avenue South

2535B Cvpress Avenue Lethbridge, Alberta, Canada is a Flack, Relief Bountiful Ward, Society president of the (Utah) Dora 24th Calif. Havward. 94544

Ricks BYU Film Center of six children genealogist. an expert busy mother and Eastern BYU Film Center First 225 Street

Association Films, Inc. Falls, Idaho Idaho 83401

600 Grand Avenue Los BYU Ridgefield, Angeles Film |. N. Center 07657

Association Films, Inc.

ORDER FROM 2221 South Olive Street

YOUR NEAREST Los Angeles, Calif. %007

BRANCH LIBRARY

84 Improvement Era

IMI..I '—

VISITING

*S SALT LAKE?

STAY AT REDECORATED IH* AIR CONDITIONED NEWHOUSE Center of City

Overnight and Residential

Free Parking

Family Rooms

Daily from $8.00

By Dora D. Flack

Illustrated by Ol/nda Hoefine RESIDENTIAL PLAN* $190.—Private Room,."Bath and ALL Meals

. and ServiceWheat torMan.

one bubbled with excitement and and I visited some of our relatives Mail for Details!

anticipation. But what to serve? in the heart of the Mohawk Valley

Lane spoke up. "My vote is for in New York, trying to find geneNEWHOUSE

homemade ice cream in the freezer alogy? That's where so many of 4thSalt SouthLake andCity,MainUtah 84101

and whole wheat sponge cake!"our Palatine ancestors from GerName

"Trust you to think of dessert,"many settled."

I smiled. "But you have a good idea "And you visited Margilyn to get

—wheat."her records,"Marlane interjected. Address

Dad observed, "Relatively few "She was a gold mine of old people know the value of wheat Palatine traditions, too. Among Print Name and Address

storage for emergency, let alone its others, she told us about a custom daily use."Then he grinned. "Perof using a sheaf of wheat at the

of your copies haps these people will learn sometime of burial,"I continued. Protect

Era The Improvement thing in addition to the use of "In other words, if we eat wheat, with an Era binder—$2.50

records while they're here."it'll bury us,"Lane observed, with Order79 Southfrom Stateour officeStreetat

Marc added, "You really should a sly smile. Salt Lake City, Utah 84111

plan a meal around wheat, Mom, "Lane!"I glowered at him with a

and prove to them what good eating withering glance. ''To continue--

it provides. Not many know that you remember Margilyn had an inyou can use stoneground whole curable disease and was living on HEARING AIDS

wheat flour exclusively. But your borrowed time. Each fall at harvest 2/ nrr DEALER

recipes will convince them."she insisted that her friend Helen /3 urr prices

ear, the behind "Now that reminds me,"I remiNellis bring a sheaf of new wheat allin-theear,LARGEST SELECTION of tiny, models. pocket eyeglass and

nisced. "You recall that Aunt Hazel from the fields so it would be readv FREE HOME TRIAL. No obligation. Money back guarantee. No down payment. Easy

dealor salesmen terms. No

save direct and 65%. Write for free catalog. ers. Order

PRESTIGE, Dept. D-57, Box 10947, Houston, Tex. 77018.

July 1969 85 0 % -*

if she should die before another harROYAL w/palm tabulator, Long Carriage OLYMPIA completely UNDERWOOD, vest. The wheat was to be tied

fully reconditioned: new: $109.50 Port, w/case Special: $139,50 automatic. $89.50

loosely just below the wheat heads.

The heads were to be fanned out decoratively and held with a purple ribbon—I suppose signifying the

royalty of Christ the King. And

this sheaf would be the only adornREMINGTON Super, w/features ROYAL KMG only 4 models I.B.M. model B

found on $270.00 mach.: $79.50 from being new: $89.50 Completely reconditioned $229.50 ment on her casket. She related

that her early ancestors in America were so busy clearing and working the land to make it productive, they didn't have time for flowers;

wheat was used instead. But a

much deeper meaning was brought from the old country. Using the

215, SMITHCORONA electric, and it's new: $202.00all, wheat at burial time symbolized

eternal life—wheat dropped in the

Over 200 Long Carriage ofgroundlife. comesMargilynforthwastoburieda newnesswith

Genealogical Typewriters a small bouquet of wheat beside her and a sheaf of wheat on top of to select from the casket."

"Then wheat it should be for *This Smith Corona retails at $202.00 in all stores. Use this coupon and deduct dinner, and perhaps it will have a

(1) $20.00 from that price, or (2) receive two year's supply of ribbons free.

special significance for some of our guests, too,"Dad agreed.

Name Ylo, send the Smith Cor- "Can we have the dinner in the ona and: Address. backyard?"Karen asked.

$20.00 is deducted from

City, State, Zip...* my check. "Hope it doesn't rain,"Marie wor-

I don't want the Smith Corona, but send me: J Check for full amount. ried prematurely.

Send two year ribbon supply. "We can use pedigree charts for

(Specify make, model, price desired) (One coupon per SCM 215 only) place mats. They'll also double for

SAVE * ingested.the first"Andblankwe space,"can useKentred sugand 50SCHREYEKS place cards if we write their names

THIS WITH COUPON dahlias blue bachelor white withTYPE STORES RIGHTssiS* typewriter black on for centerpieces."ribbon. buttons YOUR Oetfmpia DEALER typewriter Specify make

3289726 - 28 West First South Downtown red, white, blue?"the and "Why model. and

Cottonwood Mall 2784453 Marc asked, puzzled.

"Because all these people's ancestors were very early settlers.

The Improvement Era, 79 South State, Salt Lake City Utah 84111

Didn't you say the Palatine immiPlease enter a year subscription to The Improvement Era for gration started in 1709, Mom?"

Name "Right,"I said.

Address "And they all fought in the RevoCity State '... Zip lutionary War,"he continued. "So

we've got to be patriotic."

(Check one) Give credit for this subscription to "Here's your cookbook, Wheat This is a renewal Ward or Branch For Man. Better start hunting,"

This is a gift Stake or Mission Marie urged.

If gift, also give name and address of donor. "Now, Mom, you can't have a

years Iyear a years summer dinner without my favorite 0$8.25 Name *. $3.00 Z$5.75

Address Add $2.50 for each additional year

Improvement Era

potato salad,"Lane insisted. Potato Salad 1 teaspoon cinnamon.

roll jelly Roll for 4. out as and

is so salad potato mild others "My with of 7 or potatoes spread 8 mediumto-smallsize mixture margacup y2 rine, hardcooked or sugar, 6 eggs granulated brown cup share not enthusiasm,"might your y2

I said, frowning. Y2 teaspoonpepper salt andand gratedcut. (Userinda ofstring3 oranges.for perfectRoll cutup

"You've noticed how the guys alY2 teaspoon onion powder ting, without mashing the dough.) Place

ways ask me to bring potato salad 12 cupteaspoonsmayonnaise,parsley,blendedchoppedwith in Ifmuffinnecessarytins. these rolls can be made

when we have a party,"he argued. Vi cup milk the day before and reheated in a paper

"And Swiss meat balls,"Karen Boil potatoes in skins. When cool, andsack thatplacedhasinbeena preheatedsprinkled withovenwaterfor

said, licking her lips indelicately. peel and dice. Dice four of the eggs about 10 minutes.

and add to potatoes. Sprinkle parsley,

"They're good prepared ahead and salt, onion powder, and pepper over the warmed at the last."mixture. Mix for distribution of season Homemade Ice Cream for

"No dinner is complete without thoroughly.ings. Add blendedPut in mayonnaiseserving bowl.andSlicemix Hand Freezer

your whole wheat rolls,"Dad two remaining eggs and garnish the 4 eggs top. Sprinkle lightly with salt and 2 cups sugar

added, as he patted his tummy. paprika. Store in refrigerator until lA teaspoon salt

"Why, 7 don't need to plan—serving time (several hours). Just be- l teaspoon vanilla

you've all done it for me. We'll garnish.fore serving,Servesaddaboutsprigs12.of parsley for IVzl quartsteaspoonmilklemon extract

add a plate of hors d'oeuvres, mixed 2 cups condensed milk 1 pint whipping cream fruit in a fluted, hollowedout Special Whole Wheat until sugar Beat very thick eggs andwatermelon rind, and Lane's desRolls Party Dinner electric mixer. with not underbeat. Do

sert,"I added. salt flavorings, milk Add and and before) (To be mixed day

We were prepared to feed the canned milk. Pour into freezer can.

Blend add whipping unbeaten and yeast dry packages multitudes. what a glorious And if cream. milk necesmore whole Add water cup warm

fill sary container to within inches to 3 have!time we would cup sugar V2

of top. substitute) butter (no cup Vz

in freeze, ice layer a of put To boiling water cup Vz a part freezer. layer of of bucket Add Menu 1 cold water cup

salt, layers alternate of ice coarse and eggs, beaten 3 salt salt. to top. Don't d'oeuvres Hors and skimp on salt teaspoons iy2

frozen, celery fans,(carrot curls, dasher. remove Replace radish roses, 4-5 sifted cups whole wheat flour When

rings) container ice with lid on pack pepper and and salt. for Balls Let several hours. stand Meat Swiss sugar Dissolve 1 teaspoon yeast and

If is ice a freeze this available, Potato Salad deep in water. butter Melt cup warm

Rolls several or be hours cream Wheat Whole made may i/2y? CLJ in the boiling water add and P a Jelly or Butter ahead. Transfer day Currant frozen two cool. to beaten cold water 1 cup Add

ice freezer Fruit a to Fresh gallon Mix can from cream Sift mixture. to sugar yeast eggs and

balls, balls, (plastic or container cardcantaloupe (watermelon heavy waxed stir twice, salt flour together and and lid), tightfitting strawberries) with pineapple, fresh board store and beating spoon, into with mixture yeast in freeze. Ice Freezer the deep Cream mixer). well with electric (or Cover use Cake Sponge Wheat Whole in until let rise double towel and damp

bulk. Stir down. Replace dampened Prize Sponge Cake (Whole Wheat)

Swiss Meat Balls towel and place in refrigerator. Stir

down several times as it continues to 6 very large eggs, separated 1 mediumsize onion, chopped rise. iy2 cups sugar

2 tablespoons oil About 3 hours before serving time y2 cup water 1 lb. ground beef (chuck preferred) remove from refrigerator; let stand at y2 teaspoon vanilla

Vi cup quickcooking oatmeal room temperature for half an hour. y2 teaspoon lemon juice or lemon

floured slightly board and extract on milk Knead cupy4 for into salt convenient divide extract 3 portions teaspoon almond teaspoon l/ty2 rolls of into flour sifted type flour handling. cups Shape whole wheat cup whole wheat de- \y2 Yz

rise sired. salt Let 2 or until hours teaspoon bouillon about beef 2 cubes y\

2 cups boiling water double in bulk. Bake at 400 to 425 1 teaspoon cream of tartar

F. for 12 to 15 minutes.

Saute onion in oil; mix in a bowl Beat with electric mixer for 5 to 7

with beef, oatmeal, milk, and salt, and Baking Suggestions: minutes the egg yolks, water, sugar,

form into walnutsize balls. Place whole flavorings, using small mixer bowl; then

wheat flour in a paper bag; add meat 1. Bake in muffin tins as plain muftransfer to larger bowl. Mixture will be

balls and toss lightly to coat well. Brown fins. very thick and creamy. Sift flour and

meat balls in oil. Place in 1-quart cas- 2. Using onethird of dough, roll but salt together twice. Add to above mixserole. into an 8-inch circle. Cut into 12 wedgeture gradually, continuing to beat with

Dissolve bouillon cubes in boiling shaped pieces (like pie). Starting at mixer. Beat egg whites and cream of

water and pour over meat balls. Cover wide end, roll each wedge into a tartar together until stiff. Do not allow

and simmer in 325 to 350 F. oven for crescent or butterhorn shape. Place on whites to stand, but fold immediately

1 hour and 15 minutes. Keep casserole wellgreased cookie sheet, 2 inches into first mixure. Bake in ungreased

covered entire time. These can be made apart. From the three portions, 36 angel food pan for 1 hour to 1 hour

in advance (day before) and reheated rolls can be made. Bake on 2 cookie 10 minutes (or until top springs back

in oven. sheets. when lightly touched) at 325 to 350

Serves 6, so multiply according to 3. Roll individual muffin balls in a F. Invert pan and cool thoroughly beneeds. mixture of l/2 cup granulated sugar and fore removing. O

July 1969 87.

Introducing..

Vivessence Presiding Bishopric's Page

by LeVoy's

A Revolutionary Breakthrough In Luxurious, Organic Cosmetics

Complete Skin Care and MakeUp Collection—Containing The Newly

Discovered, Exquisitely Balanced

Vivessence Oil Trio.

The Magnificent Gift Of Beauty

Every Woman Is Entitled To Own

Only the fashion and beauty expertise of Le TheBishop's

Voy's could capture a woman's deepest cosmetic requirements, and augment them far Youth Qouncil beyond her imagination.

See the striking "Case of Beauty"and its pursesize "Case of Accents."Together By Bishop John H. Vandenberg

they contain eighteen scientifically developed products—everything for today's "Sister Mitchell, I too know that your home. We hope our visit has

discriminating, womanon-thego. God lives. He has answered my been pleasant for you. We'd like

prayers. I also have a conviction to return soon and present another

Call a LeVoy's Consultant, or Call LeVoy's, that Joseph Smith was a prophet of program, if you'd like. Now we'll And Take Advantage Of The Fabulous InGod—called to be the instrument ask Bob to give the closing prayer."

troductory Prices Today. through whom the Church of Jesus As the young people left her

Christ was restored in these latter home, Sister Mitchell could only 'A days."say thanks. She was choked with

Phone: 4873621 "We have appreciated being in emotion. Tears welled up in her J*W

2511 S.W. TEMPLE'S it u

88 Improvement Era eyes as she said goodbye to each had mentioned they would like to of the young men and women. do something to improve the reverSummer

in It since ence meetings. time sacrament been a long had They Love asked she could if they experienced such plan a program had a moving

experience with youth. In previous around the theme of reverence for

years, when her husband was alive, a sacrament meeting. Bishop Jensen

they had often had their home approved. Brother Holt, the priests

filled with young people. But since quorum adviser, was assigned to

her stroke, she had had little conwork with a task committee on tact with the younger members of plans for such a program.

the ward. Bishop Jensen smiled as he reLater that evening, Bishop Jenmembered the beginning of this

sen came to see how Sister Mitchell youth involvement in his ward. The

had reacted to the endeavors of the youth thought at first that this was young people. Still filled with emo- a traditional type of meeting in

tion, she said, "Bishop, that was which they were merely given asone of the most thrilling experisignments. It took time and trainences of my life. Thank you for ing to get them to the point at

sending those young people to my which they were now—responsible

home."for the planning, executing, and

Bishop Jensen smiled. "Sister evaluating of their own activities.

Mitchell, you should know that I In fact, adult members of the comdidn't send them to your home—mittee—priesthood and auxiliary

they asked me if they could come. leaders—had worked long and hard

Bepresentatives of our youth meet behind the scenes and in adwith me regularly in our bishop's visory capacities to help effect youth council. They knew you this marvelous change. The youth

couldn't come and meet with us realized early the need to learn because of vour health, so thev how to plan, how to delegate, how planned this program to present to to follow up. Under the tutelage

you tonight."of Bishop Jensen and with the help

As Bishop Jensen left Sister of priesthood and auxiliary youth

Mitchell's home, he could see that leaders, the youth were becoming the youth of his ward were indeed leaders. They were involving their

lifting the spirituality of members quorum and class members in task of his ward. Through the bishop's committees to assist in various DripDry

youth council, the youth were asactivities. Little

suming responsibility for applying As Bishop Jensen approached OrIroningNo gospel principles. his own home, he remembered the

This was no longer a program in the promise of President McKay:

which they waited for the adults of "The spirituality of a ward will be the ward to plan. With proper commensurate with the activity of Young and romantic as moonlight, this new

guidance, they were performing the youth in that ward. The presigownfor everyand womanpeignoir inis designedlove with forbeauty.brides,Laceand

above and beyond what is generally dent of the priests quorum is the patterned 509r Cotton & 50% Polyester leno expected of youth. They were bishop, by ordination, and it is his with wide lace inserts and edgings. Adjustable

setting standards of performance duty to have the confidence of Nylonwaistlines.SatinChalksashes.White.GownChooseskirt Pinkfullyorlined.Blue

much higher for themselves than those young men and girls of correGown 9540. Peignoir 9840. Sizes - P, S, M, L.

adults would have done. In every sponding age, for they will mold

facet of the ward, youth are taking the moral atmosphere of his ward."$18.00Mail Order PriceEach

an interest and are making a sigBishop Jensen, the youth, and the nificant contribution. entire reaping the blesswere ward Local 'A Your See In the that previous meeting with the ings from Consultant implementing LeVoy's come

bishop and auxiliary leaders, they the counsel of a prophet. Mail Checkor cr MO.

Postpaid in U.S.A.

2511 S.W. Temple Salt Lake City, Utah 84115

July 1969 89 IS YOUR FAMILY PREPARED?

of the Council of the Twelve. Sustained

The Church as president was President Loren H.

Grover, with Floyd M. Hammond and A/loves On Robert B. Powell as counselors. There

are now 480 stakes in the Church.

New stake presidency: President

Joseph T. Bentley and counselors

Clinton L. Oaks and J. Duane Dudley,

BYU 1st Stake.

May 1969

The First Presidency announced five new mission presidents whose fields of labor will be announced later: Ray C.

Johnson, James P. Christensen, RayWheat is for man. Retain the valuable numond C. Bowers, and Robert L.

trients lost through other milling methods.

Use the wheat you now have stored and Stephenson, all of Salt Lake City, and save money while enjoying better tasting, Wilford Dean Belnap of Bountiful, more nutritious food.

Utah.

BUY AN Four appointments to the general

ALLGRAIN FLOUR MILL board of the Primary Association were

TODAY announced: Erma Adams Kunzler and

Now available: High protein wheat for Norma Jane Broadbent Smith, both

use or storage. of Ogden, Utah; Patricia Critchlow

For full information, write: Maughan of Bount'ful, Utah, and

ALLGRAIN FLOUR MILL April 1969 Carolyn Blair Shumway of Salt Lake

Dept. E P.O. Box 115 City.

Tremonton, Utah 84337 i!j New stake presidency: President For the fifth year, Oakland (CaliOpenings available for full or parttime Willard T. Brannen and counselors H. fornia) Fourth Ward won the senior

sales representatives. Gregg Ross and Heber S. Branham, division allChurch volleyball championSouth Carolina Stake. ship. Keaukaha (Hawaii) Ward won the

junior division. Sportsmanship trophies

U The First Presidency announced were given in the twoday tournament the appointment of Clark M. Wood of to Eureka (California) Ward for the

temples and the dent.Seattle, HisWashington,field of laboras a missionhas notpresiyet ada)seniors,Wardandfor theHamiltonjuniors.(Ontario, Canatter-daySaints been announced. EJ New stake presidency: President

Available in a special Erasize booklet. Brigham Young University 9th and Veran A. Cottle and counselors Richard

IDEAL FOR HOME, CLASSROOM, 10th Stakes were organized under the W. Newton and John H. Peterson, Jr.,

AND MISSIONARY USE. direction of Elder Harold B. Lee of the Servicemen's StakeEurope.

50C a copy 40c a copy for 25 or more Council of the Twelve, Elders John Longden and Henry D. Taylor, Assistants to lili The First Presidency announced

the Twelve, and President Loren C. four new mission presidents whose

Dunn of the First Council of the Sevfields of labor will be announced later:

enty. President Carl D. Jones and counKenneth N. Gardner of Idaho Falls,

Order from selors Jae R. Baillif and Floyd Sucher Joseph Donal Earl of Phoenix, Francis

preside in BYU 9th Stake. President Nephi Grigg of Ontario, Oregon, and

Ivan J. Barrett and counselors Hyrum Phillip G. Redd of Edmonton, Alberta,

L. Andrus and Walter D. Brown preside Canada.

in BYU 10th Stake. The Salt Lake Tabernacle Choir sang

79 South State Street Ricks 2nd Stake was organized under at the centennial reenactment of the

Salt Lake City, Utah 84111 the direction of Elder LeGrand Richards driving of the golden spike that linked

90 Improvement Era SO CAREFREE...

the nation together by rail. Eider Harold B. Lee of the Council of the Twelve

offered the invocation at the program, which was held at Promontory, Utah.

Pittsburgh (Pennsylvania) Stake, 481st now functioning, was organized by Elder Mark E. Petersen of the Council of the Twelve. Sustained as President was William P. Cook, with Earl W.

Furniss and Ralph E. Siebach as his

counselors.

New stake presidency: President Jess

Boyd Eskridge and counselors Leo E.

Bendixen and Don Marimus, Columbus (Ohio) Stake.

The First Presidency announced Other the appointment of four mission presidents, with their fields of labor to be announced later: Charles W. Broberg,

Scottsdale, Arizona; Thomas H. Brown, Provo, Utah; Marion L. Coleman, Boise, Things

Idaho; and Ira A. Terry, Ashland, Mass.

This was a day of outings for many of the young men holding the Aaronic

Priesthood, as the restoration of that priesthood on May 15, 1829, was Are celebrated.

Q| South Jordan Stake, number 482 ** in the present roll call of stakes, was created by Elder Delbert L. Stapley of

the Council of the Twelve from parts of West Jordan (Utah) Stake, with Presi- M*dent Theron B. Hutchings and counElectric room air conditioners

selors Glen W. Bateman and John H.

Mabey sustained as the presidency. cost about half as much as they did 10 years ago.

New stake presidency: President EdBuy now while there's still a good selection.

mund L. McDougal and counselors Max

C. Jewkes and Ross W. Butterfield, UTAH POWER & LIGHT CO.

West Jordan Stake.

L President Hugh B. Brown, first Q IN USE FOR OVER 75 YEARS

counselor in the First Presidency, deOMEGA Aids in treatment of simple sore livered the invocation at the session of throat and other minor mouth and the United States Senate today. #c/x/\A\AA throat irritations. JEWELRY COMPANY

jr a lifetime of proud possession

President N. Eldon Tanner of the 42 West 2nd South HALL'S REMEDYFirst Presidency received the Silver INTERMOUNTAIN'SSalt Lake City,LARGESTUtah 84101DIAMOND 3221039DEALER (801) Salt Lake City, Utah

Buffalo for distinguished service to boyhood at the annual meeting of the

National Council, Boy Scouts of AmerTheand TheU. S. ImprovementPost Office ica, in Boston. USE YOUR Era need your help.

By giving us your zip code number, you will ZIP CODE be assured despeedy PLEASE livery of your Era.

July 1969 91 I SALTZjLAKE CNlCOTTONWOOD OGDEN have always claimed Copernicus, perhaps

PrusGermanic empire encompassed Buffs thesianbecause the evershifting boundaries of time to ediareas from time. Even

tions of the Encyclopedia Americana deand scribe Copernicus'contributions among those of Germanic scientists. Rebuffs As for what we ought to print in

"Buffs,"we agree energetically. We sincerely invite readers to constructively

respond, giving "directions or improvements."Within the context of good taste,

reason, faith, and the nature of the Era, toe seek intelligent and interesting expression about that which has been printed, as well as positive reader response when merited. In only one sense is the Era a

"managed"magazine; we manage with

genuine intent to print the gospel of Jesus

Christ and information about the kingdom of God on earth.

A Woman's Career

The article "A Woman's Career"[May] seemed inconsistent with our Prophet's admonition in the same issue: "The most

sublime beauty and the greatest harmony in life are attained when man devotes his

The Nature of Buffs life to that for which nature has endowed him, and woman puts forth her best efforts is lines for along best she which the article In the "The Church Among fitted."I Germanspeaking Peoples"[March], was article careers that The on mentions inclusion puzzled the of Copernicus, by are to "mothers not encouraged work list in Polish the astronomer, a of great outside the total the home,"but message Germanic Copernicus men. born was

to to seems so. encourage us to prepare do in at Prussian 19, February 1473, Thorn This not the intent of selection have been greatest may his father, Poland, of native a the where the author, care but that should taken be of onetime capital Poland, Krakow, had

is left no reader the that impression with PANT settled If as trader. TWO wholesale a any of the to follow wish the Church women

is country, to other Poland, than be comso. to nationwide or trend are advised do SHARKSKIN WOOL for I Copernicus's achievements, mended

necessity of the Some women become it Italy, reshould suppose be he where for their SUITS families, breadwinners those but so his education. ceived of much seek ideally must employment who would I rethat say Let enjoyed have me look for that give work them would tailored designed and ceiving this in the reading year Era and

their time children. with maximum A expressly missionaries for it respect, Poland. In one however, seems g workoutside the can woman home is to that possible. In improvement me hardly children give her the training best for choice Wisest young men I reading "Buffs and Rebuffs"been have acquired through example. cannot She perfect a appearneed letters who struck of the printed number by attend Relief h Society meetings (as

little that contain backpatting than more miles of extra ance and—for important those children are whose for praise After Era. the year a of reading of a strong Tailored wear! as for grown and gone those children with

little hearing dreary, than and the more at with pair and times twoply neglects home) wool two her many is all here, press monotonous where news it duties church because to seems harder pants of 97.50 is so lavish praise that always managed accept position. a church Families have I side, for the stimulong on heaped one other from models 79.95 in limited been the effort to provide lating, lively variegated, and American

blessings that material outside makes work stores CLOTHINGall MEN'S ZCMI press.

possible. certain I'm Although merit the you Sunnie Thompson letters, praises reflected unforin your Richfield, Utah tunately letters also to printed your begin

if as too carefully they sound were manto "best certainly be are fitted"Women in spite is aged, fact of that the such CAMP ZARAH EMLA dithat should develop and homemakers intent. surely not of Letters praise your

in but, appointment, vine the words of YOUTH DEVELOPMENT are, of to receive, delightful course, and is still "it article's author, important the Through Junior letters to selection of print Olympics your does living to to be earn prepared a them for reflect cross section perhaps accurately a."

. it necessary. ever if should become CAMPERS INSPIRED TO REACH Still, is receive. of those praise such you

this others, reason,.the Perhaps for among HIGHEST GOALS soporific stimulating. than does more Nor

trains Latterday System School Church it projects, constructively suggest newFor special achievement this and growth sumgirls in fields college Saint dozens and of directions, this esor improvements, and letmer, son or your to daughter 2 spend vocations. 10

is pecially in progression a church where delightful at in weeks the Zarahemla Camp the watchword.

Cumberland Mountains of Virginia. Horseback Kent E. Robson May YWMIA Issue

riding, swimming, water skiing, scuba, archery,, Warsaw, Poland crafts, hiking, riflery, gymnastics, sports. Let me express heartiest congratulations

$63.00 a week. L.D.S. standards maintained. Concerning, Copernicus, you're right—he on the May issue. A wonderful producwas of Thorn. Interestingly, however, tion from every point of view—interesting

For brochure write Patt Liljenquist Germans and their educational system illustrations, line drawings, articles, and

Youth Development Foundation 3750 North—22207—30th Place,(703) Arlington,5256217 Virginia

92 Improvement Era WEDDING INVITATIONS & ACCESSORIES

FIRST * * 100 100 W W FIRST $5 7Rmercotype 7 Rmercograph ED $7

Printed finest plain on or paneled letters (thermography)—$l9.75frrGenuine steel die engraved—Raised

commentary. I am proud, indeed, to have vellumclean newweddingtype faces.papers in sharp, sincerebeautifulvalueand atdistinctivethis price. and a order.Engraving15dayplatedelivery.sent with your

been included in this special issue.

Incidentally, the your series on "New Art rendering of all LD.S. NEW!

Witnesses"Evidence from Modern by for Dr. Temples your stationery wedding is of the most L. AndersonRichard one

outstanding contributions to Mormon hisOver 60 styles from which to choose tory in recent years. including all the elegant vellums

Dr. Leonard finest parchments in silver State UniversityJ. Arrington and Utah

Logan, Utah gray and beautiful pastels. Also

informals, enclosures, thank you

On Man's Futile Quest notes, at home cards, napkins, photo albums, L.D.S. wedding

For one who grew up in another age, it books, and many accessories.

is difficult to adjust to this age when literaturepoetry are so little and thought

BE PROMPTLY ORDERGUARANTEED isof. This I find due to television, WITH COMPLETEOR REFUNDEDYOUR CONFIDENCE.MONEY WILL SATISFACTION and AND CHEERFULLY

friendsthat and neighbors do not read ALLTISSUEDWEDDINGAND INSERTEDINVITATIONSINTO INSIDEAND ANNOUNCEMENTSENVELOPES.

at all.books

Sad, too, is the fact that the younger generation does not know the genuine FREE Gifts with every order efforts, successes, and contributions of the past that often so berate. they—i- *f—/ FREE CATALOG

inthis idea "Futile Quest": poem my I expressed & FREE and

of theEach ocean wave reaches its crest Etiquette Wheel dies the shore;Then on away

Each following wave with endless repeat or (50?! if airmail reSweeps over the one before. quested) credited on

So each generation, important awhile, your order.

Dwells ever in foolish conceit, rising tide ofFor the youth in its turn M E R C U R Y NameInsures an endless defeat.

PUBLISHING CO. Address

Then why should men strive for power 146 EAST SIXTH SOUTH STREET and place? SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH 84111 City State. Zip

The present pursues the past, So swift runs the current sweeping us on

That only God's world can last.

Elsie Moore Lott Los Angeles, California ARE YOU IN DANGER BECAUSE BREATHTAKING!

OF THE GUNS YOU OWN?

Building lots in beautiful Hobble

AT LAST! A gun trigger guard that really Creek Canyon. Only 25 Min.

works, so simple to install, and only a second to remove. Will fit most rifles, shotguns from B.Y.U. and its many cultural

and pistols. Once properly installed, you advantages.

will "BeeSafe"!

Thousands of adults, and children too, have 1/3-2/3 Acre lots been killed or injured by supposedly unYear round access loaded guns. These accidents can not hapImprovements including power

pure spring water piped to a "BeeSafe"trigger lock is used and Names properly.pen when

lot each (a true story). injury a life or serious save Help us

.. Beautifully wooded

install this Tell safety. your marvelous

By Zara Sabin friends to get one. Let's stamp out needless Clear mountain stream

gun accidents, NOW! Nearby Municipal Mt. Golf

Polly Maria, course Zilpha Diadamia, Heart of Utah's hunting and

Cora Ezubeth, fishing mecca Horseback riding Electa Matilda, $2

Mary Ette Helen, in Packedgift box relaxationSeclusion and Peaceful Juliann Lusena—See your local gun dealer Plan and construction helps

or Sports Shop available Girls'names from greatgrandfather's Bible. Or Send Order to: For details contact

BEESLEY MANUFACTURING CU. Robert L. Moody

No wonder grandmother Box 17075 Salt Lake City, Utah 84117 P.O. Box 1126

signed hers E.M.! (Check or Money Order Only) Provo, Utah 84601

Dealers Inquiries Welcome Ph. 3732721

July 1969 93 Spend y<our vacati walking in the sun at Glacier National Park.

Air West flies to Kalispell, Montana. Right next to Glacier

National Park. We also fly to

14 other National Parks all over the west.

Call your Travel Agent or Air West. You need a vacation.

Air West is the west's own airline;*

VITAL ENERGY Wor/dOrder FOR FAMILY FUN

By Dr. G. Homer Durham

President, Arizona State University at Tempe

Two chapters in the Gospel Ac- (25:13). Then followed two great

cording to St. Matthew, chapters parables, the talents (25:1430)

24 and 25, record Jesus'sayings and the last judgment (25:3146).

"as he sat upon the Mount of These parables are often disOlives"(24:3). There he recussed out of context, separately

sponded to his disciples'query, and alone. As literature, as gems

"What shall be the sign of thy of thought, as teaching cases, they coming, and of the end of the can well stand separately and world?"(24:3). alone. In context, however, they

Some notable changes were are part of a prophetic, instrucVital energy from 100% whole grain predicted. Warnings were freely tional system given to the disciples

flour. yourself—add to made. Several great parables by the Savior in a distinct setting

family your enjoymentyour Stonefun—grindincreaseit

of life. Bake your bread, rolls and cakes were given. "And this gospel of on the Mount of Olives as set

with all the natural vitathe kingdom shall be preached in forth in Matthew 24 and 25.

the ofmins whole grain all the world for a witness unto In context, the implications of flour use. n the you

WRITE TODAY all nations; and then shall the end these parables are clear. In the

Buy a LEE MILL FOR FULL come"(24:14). "But as the days parable of the talents, the injuncLet your family judge. INFORMATION of Noe were, so shall also the tion is to apply with intelligence

for 5 lbs. DeafSend

AND FREE coming of the Son of man be"and wisdom that which we haveSmith County Whole

Grain Flour, only $1.50, RECIPES. (24:37). "Watch therefore, for ye received from the Lord. We are

Stone Ground in a Lee know neither the day nor the hour to improve upon that which we

Mill. wherein the Son of man cometh"have received, upon that for

LEE ENGINEERING COMPANY IE 7-69 2023 W. Wisconsin Ave., Milwaukee, Wis. 53201

94 Improvement Era FOR OLDFASHIONED HEALTHGIVING GOODNESS

which we are responsible. We are "CORONA"

to be good, profitable, and faithGRAIN MILL Discover ful servants. Then we may merit for use with the place where

the words: "enter thou into the wheat,etc. Easilycorn,adjustsnuts, Vizcaino for fine or coarsejoy of thy Lord"23). But (25:21,

1 grinding. CTSP New discovered ofwith finer gnashing mill weeping and with model

Monterey Bay.teeth went "the unprofitable sergrindingpostpaid. platesEast of$10.95

vant into outer darkness"(25:30). Rockiespostage. addFiner$1.00grinding

In the parable of the last judgplates for old 1 C ment, possibly lest his disciples millAdd $1.954V2% setsalespostpaid.tax in Utah.

assume that profitability applied "Special"quantity prices to church groups.

only unto material goods (the HOME SIZE STONE GROUND "talents"being a monetary examFLOUR MILLS ple), Jesus immediately offered insight into how the individual may truly, or in addition, gain "profitAirWest flies to Montereyability."Carmel, California, and lots

"When the Son of man shall of other scenic places with come in his glory... before him beaches, water and sunshine.

shall be gathered all nations: and Call your Travel Agent or Air

he shall separate them one from West.You need a vacation.

another, as a shepherd divideth Air West is thehis sheep from the goats"(25:31west's own airline;

The parable of the last judgment concluded the great system Grindto betteryourhealthown withflour!an. All..GrainEat yourflour waymill.

Now at new low prices!

residents addCanadianof instruction given on the Mount $3.00 additional Protect your copies of current postage onto amount.

of Olives on this occasion. It is The Improvement Era

an Era binder with—$2.50 point It drives the climax.the at Order from our office Send orders to: Street State South 79 informs, It supplements,home.

SMITHFIELD IMPLEMENT CO. Salt Lake City, Utah 84111

and reinforces the meaning of the 99 N. Main Smithfield, Utah 84335

two great commandments, love of

God and love of fellowman.

How does one qualify for righteousness? for place with the sheep WORLD GENEALOGICAL CONFERENCE SPECIAL

on the right hand of the King? How The Famous SmithCorona

does one find place in the company 16"Carriage Electric, Heavy Duty

Perfect for the "Genealogist"of those to hear the words: "Come,

ye blessed of my Father, inherit the kingdom prepared for you from the foundation of the world"(25:34)? Clip This Ad

The answer, thus recorded, was Send It Or to feed the hungry; provide drink BringSAVEIt In

for the thirsty, housing for the AAAAAAAAA HPr*strangers, clothing for the naked, mvmuwrnm w\ $30.00

comfort and succor for the sick and those "in prison"(25:3536). During Our

And these ministrations and serConf. Special

vices were invoked for "the least of these..."(25:40). REGULAR $202.00 In the parable those who heeded M

these injunctions received the glad word. Those who gave the hungry ALL MAKES TYPEWRITER CO.

Corner 2nd South at State 1 SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH 84111 3284941|H

July 1969 95.

no meat, the thirsty no drink, pro- "talents"to aid others. This may

vided no amenities, no clothing for be because the message of the last strangers and the naked, or visited of the two great parables, concludnot the sick or those in prison ing the Mount of Olives'discourse, found themselves on the left hand may not have been learned, or has of the King. They heard the words: been forgotten by too many indi-

"Depart from me, ye cursed..."viduals.

(25:41). "And these shall go away The United States of America, in

into everlasting punishment: but its official policies since President

the righteous into life eternal"Harry S Truman's Point Four pro- (25:46). gram of 1946, has undertaken

Prices This great discourse outlines a some notable efforts to enhance are LOW practical program for all indithe agricultural and productive in Idaho viduals. We are to improve our capacity of other nations, to lend

Godgiven talents in order to serve succor to others in need.

of styles, or Scores thermographed Duraour fellow beings. We are particuThe USA has not been alone in direct all the graved,IM accessories. Buy

and save from West's leading manufacturlarly called to serve those in unthis effort. Effort has been interinvitations. er of mailorder wedding Rush fortunate circumstances or dire national. It has visualized ecoorders shipped day received! same

need. That all may not or will not nomic and technical assistance

do so is implicit in both parables. programs as a means of contributThis implication challenges each ing to political order in the world.

Send for FREE catalog, samples (25c if airmail individual. Will I be among the The tasks lie ahead. Population is

desired). REXCRAFT, Rexburg, Idaho 83440 number? It is the eleventh hour. outrunning food and subsistence.

Name What can I do? The doctrine also Languor is outrunning energy.

Address challenges groups, cities, and naSelf-concern is outrunning conCity, State, Zip. tions. cern for others.

I do not especially think that a The Church is currently emphawealthy, talented man who lives in sizing two things: first, healthy

a prosperous state that provides family life, providing love, sustemedicare, food, clothing, and susnance, nurture, education, and a tenance through public administrasense of integrity for all members tion will necessarily find himself as children of God. A child who

among "the sheep."Nor do I think learns to sing "I am a child of

that a kindly, concerned individual God"is wellfortified for the in a cruel, heartless, repressive anomie and the identity crises of nation will end up among "the contemporary urban life. He or

goats."But I believe the grand she also has the beginnings of

conception of improving on talents being wellfortified and prepared and rendering merciful help may to cope with the preconditions of well apply to organized groups as the talents and the last judgment well as individuals or vice versa. as keys to individual and group PROTECT

Some nations do not have the happiness, and world order. The

your copies of capacity to feed their people. Their second emphasis now going foragricultural "talents"are insuffiward in the Church is: "Now let

The tionscient fordo nottheirhavehunger.the capacitySome nato everyduty."man(SeelearnD&Cto107:99.)know and do his

clothe, shoe, and house their The two great parables from the ImprovementEra people. Their "talents"seem not Mount of Olives provide conwith an to have increased as economic siderable perspective for these

communities. Some nations, at emphases. In them are vision and

ERA BINDER least outwardly, seem to be runchallenge for individual salvation.

ning downhill, losing their capacity Quite possibly, there is a basis in $2.50 to produce, to make their way in such teachings for reducing unrest

The Improvement Era the world, let alone have the extra and contributing to world order.

79 South State Street Salt Lake City, Utah 84111

96 Improvement Era s

It is all earth has opened its over—the

116 receive Osiris. to mouth

A New Look at the Pearl of Great Price But hold on! There is still a tiny

Part 7 (Continued) spark of hope: the Great Sleeper may

be exhausted and inert, but still, as

G. Thausing puts it, "he is not dead

but sleepeth."117 Like the moon "the

Lord of sleep upon his bed... never

sleeps, he never comes to rest,"118 but fades only to appear again, "young on the day of the new moon, repeating the illuminations of the left eye...."119

Equally reassuring is the example of the sun, who "only dies to be reborn"at the New Year, 120 and of the grain which springs up anew from the fallow

Osirisbeds—realearth, as you seebedsin withthese realsocalledgrain

growing on them in the form of a man, lifesized: these have been found perfectly preserved in some tombs. 121 The

same texts that announce the death of thement—heking areis "justifiedquick to. give.. qualifiedencourageto

become a divine youthful Osiris,"eligible for renewal; 122 if he has run

and hidden from his relentless enemy, he will soon return younger and The stronger than ever, to certain victory. 123

Even as they weep for the king in the tomb, the mourners diligently search Unknown for him—they haven't given up hope

after all;124 everyone has a premonition that the show is not over;125 "... Abraham he perishes only that he may live...

and so he wants to die in order to be

By Dr. Hugh Nibley born!"120 Here is a stele from Buto

that pretty well sums up the whole

Because of widespread interest in the relationship of the Book of Abraham drama. It is addressed to the pilgrims

and the recently discovered Joseph Smith Egyptian papyri (see Era, January and who come from far and near to celeFebruary 1968), and in an effort to keep readers upto-date with Dr. Nibley'brate the rites "in the Field of God

penetrating and incisive analysis of this relationship, this series'monthly space when the plants are green,"gathered will be enlarged and the series will be treated as a special supplement for Era "to worship during the festival of Horus readers. Through enlarged sections of Dr. Nibley s research, readers will also be [in this text he is designated as Min],

better able to see the flow of discussion and understand the author's findings. and to bring succor to Min when he

Beginning with this issue, "A New Look at the Pearl of Great Price"will be goes forth to his bed...."

found at the end of the magazine, until the series'anticipated completion someJane: What's succor?

time in 1970. Mr. Jones: To rescue. You see, all

these people have come to a special

First of all, there lies the king on of reigning or the threshold of Hades"field or plain—the inscriptions always

the lioneouch in the adyton. He is which shall it be? It is the moment of say this particular rite takes place "in

decision: divine of redoubtable person hiding "a guide beaten, out thedefeated save some from and name Field"—to

107 aspect,"ex- "lion "It is of a wearing a fromhis opponent. connected with and terrifying some danger a moment

treme distress... the god has fallen mask and bearing a huge sacrificial bed. Let us read on: "... at the time

beneath the blows of the evil one,"108 knife,"with a majestic gesture beckons when all those who stand before the exhausted; he is "the Weary One who the prince to follow him across "the sleeping place [or lyingdown place]

110 Not only must through the door which conceals the ger he is in. But he escapes unharmed;sleeps,"bed"—the109 lioncouch."the Lord of sleep upon his threshold of the other world... are trembling because they see the danOsiris face serious charges brought agonizing mystery of the beyond."113 he who was discouraged and paralyzed

It seizes raises himself, the wellno- is enough spear and atand by relentlessagainst him to scare anybody—and

,"127.. is tice also tacks his the lionmotif. enemies. enemies, do 111 but they So everybodyequipped

their best to do him physical harm: W. feeling bad—our side has lost; with Dick: How does he manage that?

Cermak has commented on the really fear and despair comes the bitterness Mr. Jones: Canon Drioton explains

is it of hell;114 his supportersterrifying that ordeal the the that of a time nature of mourning: suffer for an him—the

112 Isis substitute ladies, toOsirisinitiate through. Nephyths, motif again. pass are weepand always But two had

Here are some pictures of the young ing at the head and foot of the lionthere comes a wonderful and exciting king in the formal attitude showing couch; Anubis appears with oil and moment when all the actors'roles are

him to be "the prey of a holy terror"bandages to embalm the dead and ansuddenly reversed. After the awful

as he sits on a throne representing both nounces his horror and grief at the ritual hush comes the cry of joy. What

the horizon and an altar "on the eve great crime that has taken place. 115 (Text continues on p. 100)

July 1969 97

:''$fttfF&*!Stife t5i

lag arari vcj*g *PH

it! v\MJ

In reference to Fac. No. 1, Fig. 1:

The lioncouch scenes most closely matching that in Joseph Smith Papyrus No. 1 (Fac. 1) all represent episodes of a larger drama

involving tjie lioncouch in a number of different situations. Here is

tut* adeadtypicalis firstsequenceseen lyingin whichinert thebut mztmmz&ifS next appears bestirring himself 10 *3; s:te*> and beginning to rise up from the

couch. In such scenes it is always

In reference to Fac. No. 1, Fig. 1, "The Angel of the j&rrrKi a hawk who liberates the dead

Lord": In the many representations of a bird flying man by his potent magical gesover a figure on a lioncouch, the bird almost always tures or with his spear or club that

has a bird's head instead of a human head. This seems beats down the adversary (see ilto disturb Egyptologists, who prefer a humanheaded lustration in Era, May 1969, p.

Babird to something else. Professor T. G. Allen refers 87). In this scene the hawk is

to this figure as one having "an unerased hawk's described as the one who avenges, head."This particular vignette accompanies Chapter vindicates, or rescues his father.

85 of the Book of the Dead, in which the deceased The point is that the delivering prays to be delivered from a sacrificial death. "angel"is a hawk.

In reference to Fac. No. 1, Fig. 2: The central panel from the shrine

of Opet closely resembles the composition of Papyrus No. 1. The

In Reference to Fac. No. 1, Fig. 2, "Abraham fastened upon an most recent studies of this figure (by Varille, Uphill, and others)

altar": This reproduction of an archaic funeral rite shows the lionagree that the man on the couch is not being embalmed but is

couch figuring in a variety of situations or episodes. The elaborate plainly in the act of arising from the couch. The bird represents

ritual here illustrated has never been explained to everybody's satishis father, his mother, his son, and himself! This should be a warnfaction, and shows that we are dealing here with a very obscure ing against the dogmatic simplicity with which scholars have sought

and complicated business. to explain Figure 2 of Facsimile 1 in the Book of Abraham.

In reference to Fac. No.

I, Fig. 3. "The idolatrous

priest of Elkenah attempting to offer up

Abraham as a sacrifice":

Egyptians used flint knives of prehistoric design both in sacrificing and in embalming rites, which were symbolically identical (see our discussion). The long thin

crescentshaped knife, In reference to Fac. No. 1, Fig. 2: This has been called both "The Tomb of No. 2, shown here is

Osiris"and "The Bed of Osiris."The presence of no less than five hawks is the type resembling the

another warning against oversimplification. Death, sleep, birth, procreation, knife held by the priest

transformation, and resurrection are all represented in this imposing and contro- 3 in the Facsimile.

versial monument.

98 Improvement Era In reference to Fac. No. 1, Fig. 3: The famous Busiris Hydria. On In reference to Fac. No. 1, Fig. 4. "The altar for sacrifice by the

a stone platform before the altar, Pharaoh, identified by his headidolatrous priests,"with the four canopic jars (discussed later):

dress and his beard, is seen bound and helpless (as in Fac. No. 1, Here is a very ancient Egyptian altar, dating from the III Dynasty.

no ropes are necessary to show this); on top of the altar the priest As anyone can see, it is shaped like a lioncouch.

is pleading for his life, while the mighty Herakles, who at the last moment burst his bonds and rose from the altar, is wreaking havoc among Pharaoh's retainers. This was the favorite Egyptian story of

the Greeks, who here make typically Greek fun of the whole business.

w litMHftJflt: S*-1? eifc.- - '1:

[rwi. Ml

E B

EL., 'i jl fc 5 'iflH In reference to Fac. No. 1, Fig. 4: Here is a very late Egyptian altar In reference to Fac. No. 1, Fig. 4: Another altar, the head missing

(discovered in 1948), which still faithfully preserves the likeness of but the lion clearly accounted for. It is quite apparent by now that

the lioncouch. the proper form for an altar of sacrifice among the Egyptians was

the lioncouch, as represented and explained in the Joseph Smith

Papyrus No. I and Abraham 1:13.

In reference to Fac. No. 1, Fig. 4: This is the head of King Tutankhamon's lioncouch,

the third of three ritual couches. This particular couch, though having the form of

an ordinary bed (see Abr. 1:13) represents, according to A. Piankoff, the final stage

in a couchdrama that culminates with the king's resurrection. Thus, whether we

view the lioncouch as an altar, a bed, or an embalming table, it always stands "in this case, in relation to this subject"(see Fig. 12 caption), liberation from a death that

was ritually and symbolically sacrificial and violent.

July 1969 99 'Let us consider one of the truly important has paid a terrible price, but in the end is the wiser for what he has been clues to the meaning of lythrough.followed149 Hisby narrowa magnificentescape iscoronaquick-

tion scene, "a great one falls on his

Facsimile No. 1—the lioncouch"side,crownbutwhenrisesthelikeTwoa godLadiesand ordertakes himthe

to arise and mount the throne."150

By passing the tests he has shown himself to take the at throne. that "justified"—qualified151 "Our play proclaims

could be more stirring than this Coffin like mad to bring it about! The dethe coronation... whatever harm he

Text: "Be silent, be silent, O ye people. votees search diligently even while they may have suffered is undone,"writes

".. is in part finding joyful Frankfort;. with close give the his Eye, has and mourn, heed, Horus Give attention—what

152 efforts. their full of his strength."the regained news, Even a reward is great is here? As Miss Here O ye people,

Horus has an announcement to make: morbid magical exercises that make up Thausing puts it, "the period of transiThe King is not dead! He is going to such a large part of the late Egyptian tion ends up on a new plane of

live, he will never die again!"128 All documents are nearly all positive efexistence,"with body and spirit on a

are stunned with amazement when forts toward achieving one great goal higher level than before. 153

Osiris begins to shake the dust from restoration of life. 140 Along with Jane: I'm getting tired. Why do we

his face;129 the thing is so unexpected strange ordinances, gestures, and passes have to go through all this?

that it is quite frightening: 'The by the officiants, "mourning, dancing, Mr. Jones: I'll tell you why. Because

Watchers tremble when Osiris rises and eating assist in the resurrection,"we have to proceed from the known to from the dead like a bird; they are and in these all must participate. 141 As the unknown.

taken by surprise."130 The dark night the two ladies work feverishly to restore Dick: What does that mean?

of despair is rent by the glad cry which the dead Osiris, they talk to him conMr. Jones: That it is foolish to rest a

marks the climax of the mysteries: "We stantly, chiding him into action; with hypothesis—let alone a conclusion—on

have found him! Let us rejoice torenewed hope comes a spirit of jollity a premise which itself rests on dubious

gether!"131 With the first ray of hope, and banter as they tell the man on the evidence. If we want to test a claim of

everyone's mood changes abruptly: couch that he is quite able to move Joseph Smith, we must first of all make

"N. [the king] is intact: the Eye of himself if he will only make an effort. sure that we know just what that claim

Horus at Heliopolis is intact. N. lives, "You have been placed on your back,"is. Now, is there anything we can be

N. lives! The Eye of Heliopolis lives!"they tell him. "Now arise on your side! sure of? There is: namely, that Joseph

There is still a spark of life, and that I am Isis, I am Nephthys! They comSmith published and widely circulated

makes all the difference.132 The two manded the Great Weary One to arise "the above cut"known as Facsimile

ladies who come to mourn are now and defend himself."142 He must put up 1 on the same page as his own exgalvanized into new action: "Come, a fight, make every effort to turn himplanation of that cut. He definitely

they say, let us gather his members; let self over and push himself up by his claims that the interpretation goes with

us restore him completely!"133 and so own power. 143 "Awake Osiris, awake O the picture—that is something we can

they start making lifegiving passes, rethou who hast become weary! Arise, test. But when you show me the sign

citing formulas, and speaking words of stand up and have power over thy for the single syllable, Khons (if it is a encouragement and instruction to the members!"144 At every hour of the day single syllable), and say that Joseph

late object of their tears. 134 Anubis, and night in the local cults the chalSmith "translated"that one monowho arrived as a crepehanging underlenge rings out: "Arise, awake, Osiris; syllable by a paragraph of 173 words,

taker, suddenly hears Isis cheering outthou art triumphant, thine enemies are you raise an issue that fairly bristles side, and he gets the point: "Arise and overthrown!"145 It is Anubis, the erstwith unanswered questions. The first

live,"he tells the man on the couch, while mortician, who now cries out, proposition can be called a "known,""... that you may reverse the damage "You live! Arise and live! You are the second certainly cannot. So why

inflicted on you!""You live!"he cries. not dead.... You live, receiving ennot begin with the first proposition,

"Arise and live! You are not dead!"135 dowment in the temple!"140 It is a about which all see eye to eye, and ask

The dread embalmer, without changing painful operation: "... thy corpse lies concerning it: Was Joseph Smith's

his jackal mask, instantly assumes the on the ground. Then Geb opens thine explanation of Facsimile 1 correct?

role of the healing physician; it is his eyes, stretches thy stiffened limbs, reBefore we can answer that question,

hands that now impart the fluid of turns thy heart to thy body."147 But we must know what Facsimile 1

life to the erstwhile cadaver. 130 Natuwith divine assistance, especially of really represents. Until now, anyone

rally, the king's own role is reversed: Anubis, "The Weary One awakes and who could recognize an Egyptian sym-

"The Weary One awakes and arises. arises. The god stands up and resumes bol or two has promptly come up

The god stands up and resumes his his body. Horus stands there [assistwith an answer, but that won't do any

body."137 "Today Osiris N. comes out ing], he has clothed N. [the king] in a more. One of these days this question

148 his is in is his heart Heliopolis, ofhimself."of body, fabric going to be answered computer, by a

..."138 Osiris, right back where to him. returned So they're Dick: before that "O anyand answer can mean

thou didst depart but thou hast rethey started from. thing, the computer has got to be fed

turned; thou didst sleep but thou hast Mr. Jones: Not quite. This is not just with a hundred times more informaawakened; thou didst die, but art re- a return to the old order. Something has tion than any Egyptologist has brought

vived!"139 been gained by all this suffering and to the problem so far. Meanwhile, after

Dick: A neat trick, if you can do it. toil. The living king has been permitted lunch, let us consider one of the truly

Who makes all this happen? to "suffer serious physical damage,"important clues to the meaning of FacMr. Jones: Everybody—that is an imas Naville put it, "for the sake of the simile 1—the lioncouch. What does

portant point. Though the whole thing experience that it will give him"; havJoseph Smith's official explanation say

is miraculous, everybody must work ing wilfully consorted with evil, he the lioncouch was?

100 Improvement Era

pitchers with which Horus pure was the four FOOTNOTES of technical informavaluable mines proin that the garment clothed washed, and spirit tion. of this technical enIn all are things. against tects vows comThe you

is in depicted."vividly motif hiding CofI07The.. ) ( in the or fully House. pleted made lightenment "Abraham's"have we IV, 6970), and Buck, Textfin (De 312 No. I, Texts, 287f. Coffin

p. (Naville, B.D., Todtenbuch, 164), altar, Chap. 78 particular a of helpful sketch I,.Texts, 215f. 306313, Coffin

I, (in Vit. Alex., 3 Callisthenes, in Ps.and 1 Vol. in Egyptol, Piankoff, Rev. 143A. "it that fuller explanation the with was 399f).Hopfner, pp. side right thyself thy "Lift 173. on p.

Trav., Vol. in Rec. Rochenmonteix, after de of bedstead, a. (1933),.. 108M. such the form Osiris, Piankoff, made out."stand and up come

79. 3, p. 59. Shrines, p. as the Chaldeans, and was had among I, 1 Texts, 306). Buck, 74 No. (De Coffin cit., loc. "SanderHansen,

(Papyr. Seth, 3129, Louvre it 23 "Horus and of stood the Elkenah, before gods Egijptiens, 23. Mysteres p. Moret, l48A.

Inhalts, Mythologischen S. Schott,in Urkunden I, 23337. Texts, Coffin etc. Korash,"Libnah, Mahmackrah, p. 119). I, 56. Texts, 'Coffin

I, 51ff. Texts, is 2, 2527, Coffin thing ulSo 1:13.) (Abr. Abraham After The Texts, 2092ff. 690: much Pyramid

Ztschr,, in Vol. 76 Aeg. Cermak, 112W. the of toil effort, Anubis, the "under hand and is it like a that looked emphatic about 23. p. (1940), Thausing, returns finally the to body,"Ba

Vol. in d'Egypte, is, Chron. 28 Bruyere, 113B. bed. ordinary bedstead, that an 88. Auferstehungsegedanke, p.

of in also the 31ff, tomb 36; (1952), pp. Ancienne, I'Egypte in Naville, >'"E. de Revue bed. Chaldean Jane: A Fr. la Arch., Miss. Thiti (in de MemoiresQueen 1 24549. Vol. pp. (1927),

the prince PI. (wearing a where V), his V, telling 1894, of Mr. Jones: Another I, Texts, 223ff, way Texts, Pyramid 292; "Coffin

) a lionheaded faces a to door whichuraeus 2007ff, 611: 1734. 676f: it ordinary bed, readers that an was is the other knife, pointing; a on holdingman, I, 109f, ending Texts, 9-11, 99102, Coffin

a lion of tomb. a door crouches the onside the since kind beds they were Chaldean 112ff. acclamation, usual the with

risks, physical other to undergo king hadThe 126. Kingship, Frankfort, '-H. p. priest of about. here the But knew waters, in dangerous Lucan, assuch swimming 19, Auferstehungsgedanke, p. Thausing, 153G.

it is the In (Hopfner, sacriPhars. p. 186). to IX, 153161 using a perform Pharaoh citing Pyramid Text (366). 632

stories passes of though the Pharaoh Khamuas fice "after of the Egypthe manner the humiliation during physical danger and rites, F. Lloyd Griffith, Stories of the HPs of tians."One Egyptian royal bed has

52ff, 62ff. Memphis, pp.

I, Texts, 8289. Cf. Book of Moses survived, from a dynasty strongly Coffin

1:20, in Pearl of Great Price. under Chaldean or Asiatic influence,

Texts, Coffin I, 217, 220. and it is a lioncouch. 1 If the lion- I, 11. Ibid.,

,17Thausing, Auferstehungsgedanke (Leipzig, couch was not the normal everyday

Shrines A. Piankoff, p. 42; 1943), it of bed, usual of Tut., p. Egyptian bed was the 22, n. 48.

it. 2 lion118S. Schott, afford p. 119. above n. 107, could But a those who

in Rev. unP. Derchain, Egyptol., Vol. 15, p. couch in a tomb is something special; the 22. left eye is moon. The

A. Moret, La Mise a Mort du dieu en when you see one there, as Professor

Egypt to Re.(Paris,.. and1927),he shallp. 15.bring"Openlight thyinto doorthe Piankoff warns us, you can be sure

hidden dwelling,"M. M. Lefebure, in Bibliothethat some process is under way that is

Egyptol., que

from the Tomb Vol.of Seti34,I. p. 83, an inscription going to lead to resurrection. 8 You see,

121T. M. Davis, Tomb of louiya, 1907, p. 45; all the great crises of life, those crucial

a photo is in Moret, Kings and Gods, PI. XI, events officially noted by what the p. 96. opp.

Coffin Texts, I, 11. folklore people call rites de passage,

as U3Ps. Callisthenes, above. of note 104 The mark a passage from one phase of this text of the Coffin close to resemblance

if will vindicates in to another, the preceding note its auText you and Facsimile existence thenic background. Egyptian all these it, nearly great think about I, in 1"4Tertullian, Adv. 13, and others Marc,

note 105 above. crises take place in bed. Thus Profesis i25"Stirb Certheme, werde!"the und W. assures sor Piankoff us that while I ( Archaeol., aegypt. in fuer Archiv mak, 1938 ) No.l,

lionresurrection,""associated the with pp. 120212f.. perit, vivat, se ipsa ut tamen nam of all representations in "appears couch nasci,. possit mori, appetit creat; ut. ante Lactanis, like kings, tius, birth."royal other 77. Phoen., de 4 That By the Figures people, are born in a bed, and as we XXV'7E.(Cairo,Drioton,1943),in Bull,pp. llf.de I'Inst.The textd'Egypte,should

be studied in detail. see in the famous reliefs of Hatshepsut

I, Texts, 81. Coffin elBahri, the king's birthday Deir from

I, 82ff, 85, Ibid., 4 89. [Part 8) lioncouch. I, a ceremonial 91. lbid., bed was

105. 131Above, note

Texts, No. 683; Coffin Texts, I, People also die in beds. The famous Pyramid

292 "Bed of Osiris"in Abydos is also called

I, Texts, 306310. 74, Coffin is a of Osiris"; big the bed the "Tomb lively depicTexts, I, 215f. See the Coffin

its sides but at tion Philae, sarcophagus, temple G. Benedite, and from the Le stone

PI. (Paris, Philae Temple 1893), de

of Seti I at the photoxl, andin ends are carefully cut to represent a Abydos, from Temple

Moret, Kings and Gods, p. 80, PI. X. lioncouch, and Osiris is lying on top

Coffin Texts, I, 221, 23337, cf. B.D., Ch. Facsimile No. 1, Figure 4: "The altar of it, which is proper, since he is going 26.

13BW. Federn, in Journal of Near Eastern for sacrifice by the idolatrous priests, to be resurrected on it, even as he was

Studies, Vol. 19 p. 251; Coffin (1960), Texts, standing before the gods of Elkenah,"conceived on such a bed. Almost identi344f.; IV, AuferstehThausing, G. No. 341, ungsgedanke, p. 88. etc. To Abraham's readers, for whom cal scenes from the Temple of Seti I

Texts, 690: 2092ff. Pyramid

138C. E. SanderHansen, Die Relig. Texte auf he must translate Egyptian terms and and the Temple of Opet show birth,

dem Sarg der Anchnesneferibre (Copenhagen, explain Egyptian gods, this altar needed death, conception, and resurrection, the 1937), pp. 1416.

also Texts, 1688 690: 2092ff, Pyramid

TutankShrines cited A. Piankoff, of 1975, and maya bit haveof explaining:a knowledge".. of. andthisthataltar,youI ofsmittenthe king,helplessnessall clearlyanddepictedthe healingin a by

hamon, refer representation at single scene, will element and the you to the common Textes et Dessins Daressy, in G. 140Thep.texts22.

of this record."object of is the the Nos. 9401- (Catal. and central commencement them all Magiques Gen. du Caire,

5 with this deal Cairo, 1903), 9449, the established lioncouch. (Abr. 1:12.) seen a number It was We have (Hopfner, In Porphyr, theme. 47 Dealmostdbstin.,allII,

nobles, a series of cases in of lioncouch of Egyptian which Relig. Hist. 465f), when tellAegyptiacae, Pontes and practice pp.

Heliod., Aethiopica, VI, 14f, it is almost frighting in their tomb inscriptions of such scenes was shown. Here in the tomb of

ening. 141G. Thausing, op. cit., pp. 2836, 35f; Pyratechnical accomplishments as feats of Tutankhamen we have three real lifeTexts, 68386. No. mid

to recourse have summary"Itandwaspotentnecessaryrites, toin transportation or building, to accomsized couches, which represent, accordorder to bring about an instantaneous resurrecpany their reports with illustrations, ing to our guidebook, "three stages of

Moret, Kings A. tion god,"of the dismembered rebirth,"process as the final stage of drawings,"they have the 85. "mechanical York: p. Putnams, 1912), Gods and (New

lioncouch. a Profesthat of the being tombs some rejoice, been called, which make "Arise! with being up, washed Stand

July 1969 101 of shrine the to view Opet the most"We now know that Egyptian altars were all scenes, of instructive lioncouch we pass by one of these altars, a square seat with raised sides, and right in in the form of a bedstead'—front of it stands the big and forbidding

statue of a lionheaded lady with a but nobody knew it in Joseph Smith's day bigaboutknife.the originProfessorof theVarillealtar,is butnot hesureis

sure that the traces of fire and the runnels for blood indicate some sort of sacrifice. 16 In the Babylonian altars,

sor Moret noted that in the mysteries that the artist of Joseph Smith Papyrus instead of lions we have semilion or "a dead person is reborn when he lays No. 1 started out in the usual manner. griffin altars, which amount to the

himself down, clothed in a skin or a But then, at the risk of making nonsame thing. 17 But we haven't yet said

shroud, on a bed."7 The bed is imsense of his composition, he put everyanything about the meaning of this

portant, but which bed—a bed of thing on this side of the bed; why, if bedaltar equation that Abraham found

(re) birth, conception, suffering, healit is just a bed? He could not omit the so important.

ing, death, or resurrection? legs of the priest—convention demands As you well know by now, Horus,

Dick: That all depends. them—but neither could he let us the living king, died of the deadly

Mr. Jones: Yes, the same bed changes see under the bed, because it is a solid blows inflicted on him by his rival

roles, just as the people do, from one stone altar. We now know beyond a Seth.

episode to the next. And there are doubt that Egyptian altars looked just Jane: Only he didn't die.

some we haven't considered yet. The like that, faithfully cut to imitate "the Mr. Jones: He was "officially dead."

bed in which the dead Egyptian lay in form of a bedstead"—but nobody knew The Egyptians believed that one could

state awaiting his funeral preserved the it in Joseph Smith's day or for a long die by degrees, each of six steps being same form right down into Roman time after, and on the face of it it looks a genuine death; this is something that

times, and what form do you think it just too silly for words. is hard for us to understand.18 The

was? Dick: But why should an altar be a point is, however, that the death of

bed? lioncouch! Dick and Jane: A

did Mr. Jones: you guess? 8 Then How Mr. Jones: We saw that the "bed of theOsiriswaywasfora sacrificialhis resurrection.death, preparingAnd just

there is another form of lioncouch Osiris"is also the tomb of Osiris, and as Osiris had to die in order to be with short legs, once thought to be an Diodorus tells us (I, 45, 88) that resurrected, so the initiate in his mysembalmer's table. Do you see the sense "the kings of Egypt used to sacrifice teries "had to experience the fate of

of that? Look at this socalled "later men of the color of Typhon on the his god in his own person."19 Accorddynastic embalmer's table."It went tomb of Osiris,"which made it also ingly, various drugs, lighting effects,

unrecognized for many years, it says an altar. But there is more to it than hypnosis, etc., were used to make the

here, because "at first glance the slab that. In the oldest pictures of altars, mock death as real as possible. The iniwill be recognized as taking the form they seem to be nothing but mere tiate was rendered unconscious and laid

of a funerary couch, with lions'heads chopping blocks,12 and it has been long in a coffin, or else he was shrouded, and legs and elongated lions'bodies debated whether sacrifice originated crowned, and led into a deep crypt, merged into the cavetto cornice which from the practical butchering of anirepresenting the world of the dead. 20

make the frame.... I suggest that the mals for meat (as Jequier believed), Jane: Just like the king.

object is an embalmer's table."9 That or as a way of punishment for rebels Mr. Jones: So it would seem. He

is, the embalmer's table could not be and enemies, or as something with a could become an Osiris only when he distinguished from a normal bed. But deeper meaning. Some have mainwas dead and only if he had suffered

later it turned out that the embalmer's tained that the original idea of an the same violent sacrificial death as table was really an altar. altar was to represent the seat of a Osiris: "If thou slayest me,"says an

Dick: How come? divinity, "often designed like a chair incantation, "I am Osiris!"21 The dead

Mr. Jones: Not only was a real "emor seat. In early Babylonia the altar person "is a kind of Osiris,"wrote

balmer's table of the XXVI Dynasty"actually is a comfortable seat for the Sethe, by virtue of "repeating the case found, having the form of "a wooden god"; that is why the sides are raised. 13 of Osiris."22 In the opening of the

lioncouch,"10 but another stone bed The seattype of altar is also found in mouth rite the symbolic "smiting of the turned up of the very same type as the Egypt—small altars shaped like cushbody of the god [Osiris]"was "also the

first one, only this time found in situ ions on the top, with protruding bulges smiting of the mummy of the deceased, within a ceremonial complex, which on either side, which are thought to whereby each was made a divine vicleft not the slightest doubt that it was represent the horizon—"symbols of the tim."23 For "the dead to become Osiris,"

an altar of sacrifice. 11 All the Egyptian desert rim of the western horizon."14 according to Jequier, means nothing

altars are solid stone with lions'legs, The person who sits on this altar was less than "to pass through all the heads, and tails put in by the sculptor thus "on the threshold of a new life,"vicissitudes of the god,"which is what to make it clear that the altar is still about to. eross "the desert threshold of the king is doing on the lioncouch of

a lioncouch. And here, at last, we the western horizon"to the next Seti I. 24 But how could one fulfill the

have the explanation for the awkward world. 15 most conspicuous aspect of the Osiris

legs of the priest and Abraham in FacDick; The hot seat, eh? experience, the violent sacrificial death,

simile 1. You will notice that the Mr. Jones: Quite possibly. Rememif one had died quite normally?

priest in ordinary embalming scenes ber yesterday when we told of the Dick: That's no problem. You'd imistands on the other side of the couch terror of the prince who has to sit on tate it, of course.

so that his legs can be clearly seen by that seat, and also how he was being Jane: Like Christians "taking up

looking under the bed. That would conducted over the threshold by a liontheir cross."

have been the habitual and easy way headed man with a big knife and to Mr. Jones: I think that is the answer.

of drawing the scene, and it is apparent a lion behind the door? As we enter Here Diodorus (I, 91) is very helpful:

102 Improvement Era First, he says, a priest marks on the time. 30 Here on the Palette of Narmer, his conquests (a common idea in the

lower left side of the body the place one of the oldest documents in the ancient world), but beneath the armwhere an incision is to be made. Then world, we see "a 'powerful bull'is rest we usually see the king himself

one called the "ripper"takes an goring a 'Libyan'; the bull is the king,"represented as a humanheaded lion

Ethiopian stone knife, makes the ritual Professor Gardiner explained, "since treading on his Asiatic foes: "In Egypt

is is constantly lion epithet apthe the embodithat humanheaded prescribed by law, and runs like preciselycut 31 reigning But of conscious to plied monarch."the supremacy."ment 41 Themad.

42 sits of a picture royal his lionthrone, king every almost in state on from Jane: Why?

Mr. ]ones: Because everybody is chasthrone it appears that the king also with the enemies of Egypt bound under

ing him and throwing stones at him fancied himself as a lion. From the the seat, while beneath the armrest

and cursing him. Plainly he is a murearly domination of the bull the lion the king himself is shown as a lion

derer, and the primitive flint knife gradually takes over. slaying the Asiatics.43 Lions are firsthe used (the same type, as we shall see, Dick: Why was that, I wonder? class defenders, because anybody apthat was used in sacrificing living vicMr. Jones: Because power has two proaching them fears an attack. The

tims) is the murderweapon of Seth. uses, as I said—aggressive and defenPharaohs kept pet lions, which would

The dead, having undergone sacrificial sive. Bulls, like generals, are very good accompany them on the hunts or

violence, is a true Osiris. The dead at aggression, but they are poor decrouch like dogs beside the throne.

person on the embalmingtable is fenders. Here is a contemporary picture of a

Osiris on the altar, and the embalming Dick: Are lions much better? pet lion crouching before the throne of

operation is a mimicking of the sacriMr. Jones: The Egyptians certainly Rameses II while the king himself

ficial death of Osiris. And just as the thought so. Plutarch says that Horus personally dispatches the Libyan king

members of Osiris were scattered all considered the lion to be the most with a ceremonial sword.44 This is a

over the world and had to be brought efficient of all creatures not in attack reminder of the ritual function of the together again before his resurrection but in defense.32 And Horapollo sees lion in slaughtering the king's enemies.

could be accomplished, so those four the point when he says that the lion Pharaoh himself is the "glaring lion canopic jars before the couch, containunder the throne of Horus is always with raging claws,"who "licks up the ing the viscera of the defunct, repreon guard, its eyes never shutting. 33 It might and blood (?) of him who atsent "the earth in its four quarters"was the lion that guarded Egypt as the tacks him."45 As the king cuts the

exactly as Joseph Smith says they do god Nefertem, and the main fortress throats of his victims (represented by (Facsimile 2, Figure 8), as well as the facing Canaan was called "the Dwellan oryx) in formal sacrifice, the Lady four elements taken from those four ing of the Lion."34 The bestknown Hathor tells him: "I have given you

quarters to make up the body of man. guarding lions are those in front of the heart of a lion to repel your eneThey represent both the dissolution and public buildings. Plutarch says that mies."46 Rebels and oathbreakers, i.e.

scattering of the elements of the body the Egyptians "honor the lion and any who defied the king, were fed, as and then the gathering in of those parts adorn the entrances to temples with in Rome, ritually "to the lions": 47 It

and elements for the resurrection. (See open lions'mouths."35 It was more than is the lioness who puts all rebels to

below.) But what makes the sacrifimere ornamentation, however; if we death by fire and knife. At the entrance

cial nature of the couch and the scene want to see the lions really on guard, to temples the guardian lion is seen plainest of all is the lionmotif. the best place is right here at the crouching with such a superknife as

entrance of the Temple of Opet, housthat held by the grim blackred lion

All About Lions ing our prize lioncouch exhibit. The lady at the entrance of the Temple of

Dick: Why should that be, if lions bolts of the great doors of the temple Opet; "the terrible lioness"means just

go with ordinary beds? were crouching lions to whose mouths one thing—sacrifice.48 Here the lion's

Mr. Jones: There is no conflict there, chains (for pulling out the bolts) were personality is intimately bound with

because lions have always had two attached with human hearts as weights the lioncouch. When the tail of themain functions as far as Pharaohs are on the end of them—"It is surprising lioncouch is "long and curiously

concerned, the one protective, the how perfect the symbolism is,"Procurved,"one can be sure that the figure other aggressive. fessor Varille remarked.36 The guardian on the couch is showing signs of life,

Dick: Like protecting people in bed. lions drink the blood and eat the livers while the tail is straight and drooping

Mr. Jones: Or anywhere else. In the of unauthorized persons attempting to when the person on the couch has and

earliest representations the couch or enter the shrine. 37 Aelian says that is given up. 49 Here in this series of

settee of the sacrificial victim has bulls'real lions were kept and fed at the scenes the completely embalmed mumfeet; 2r> but already in the Old Kingdom gates of the great shrine at Heliopolis, my is lying supine and inert on a

we find funeral couches with bulls'as guardians and champions of the sun, lioncouch, while in the next scene he feet and lions'heads,26 or lions'feet and that they took vengeance on all has turned over on his face and is 27 at shrine great the mystaken oaths vigorously the the In the heads. doing broke bulls'and who pushups—and

of the of Opet the courtyard teries. the at Lady 38 In of the couch has changed Capital lion's head Romeon the

Heaven sat between two lions, while Temple, right at the entrance stood this to a jackal's head. 50 Doesn't that sugher husband5 Jupiter sat between two frightful black granite statue of Sekhgest to you that the lion's head on the

bulls; 28 but away back in the Pyramid met as guardian, the lionheaded ladycouch has a definite significance—that

Texts the two animals meet in the goddess with the knife, painted all it is the harbinger of death? Remember

royal throne "whose faces are those of red. 39 how when the dead shows signs of life

Mahslion, whose feet are those of the The lioncouch is matched by the Anubis suddenly becomes the great great bull."29 Can you tell me what lionthrone: "The adornment of the healer? Here we see the same transilions and bulls have in common? king's throne with lions'heads and tion from lion to jackal. In the Coffin

Jane: They are both fierce... and legs was the custom in Egypt from the Texts the person who is told to arise

dangerous. earliest times."40 And here the symfrom the lioncouch is "escaping the

Mr. Jones: Yes, both lion and bull bolism is quite clear: not only is the lion,"while one about to be sacrificed

fights seem to have been royal sport throne mounted on lions'legs, as if a is told "Akr seizes thee, Horus!"51

around the Mediterranean for a long lion were carrying the king forward on Jane: Who is Akr?

July 1969 103 "I find it odd that the crocodile...always eacharrowstimebut facingwas enthroneda differentfourdirection,times,

"upon a curious throne base, ornaand only turns up mentedRemember,with 12weZionheads."70said that at first the

lionand bullthrones were interwhen there is a sacrificing going on"changeable,lions certainlyand suggeststhe king thesitting12 onoxen12 of Solomon. Now here is the most

spectacular altar ever found in Egypt, or rather the base of it: the gigantic

fourfold altar of Abusir; you will notice

Mr. Jones: He is the doubleheaded lionheaded lady Sekhmet, or the priest that everything about it is fourfold,

the fourdirectional orienthe lion usually holds mask, all with a big emphasizing controls lion, called Ruti, also who is tation. 71 Here a recent comment in sacrificial knife while to goings one hand from the comings and and

castle of Osiris—the other world. 52 But pointing the way imperiously with the about it: "Even cosmic symbolism is

mostly the lion has to do with the other. In "Chaldaea,"the lion started implied in the square altars (this is

bed: Here is one who says as he arises out as the dangerous and evil enemy of not the only one) accessible from four

from the lioncouch: "I have removed the gods—an understandable role when stairways rising from the four directions

to four sides,"and the symbolism inthe lions from me... I have vivified lions were still a real danger—but in

the vivified. I have thrown off all my time "a symbol of submission to higher cludes that of the Primeval Hill.72

Jane: the lion Should couch always their ally,"62 or evil. powers..."Plainly is what horror is blood. which My

52a face four directions like that? it represents in Egypt, the lionpower. reversed where it means he has

Apollonius of Tyana, a famous wanderthe irresistible order that the victim Mr. Jones: I think so. That is, when

ing wise man from the time of Christ, cannot evade. The lionheaded Lady it is thought of as an altar, it should.

had a pet lion whom he claimed to be Sekhmet, the big black granite figure Dick: Then why doesn't it in the

the reincarnation of Pharaoh Amasis; all painted red that stands at the door Joseph Smith papyrus?

it was regarded as a miraculous beast of the Opet Shrine, is, according to Mr. Jones: Oh, but it does—most

because it refused to eat the blood of Varille, "a principle of fire which devividly! It is not drawn fourfold, bedifficult cause extremely to be in that would order sacrifices, that being apparently the stroys regenerate"—she

they but destroys and clumsy, purpose; had a it is neceswith a way of but of pet lions. proper function 53 In some

cases the lioncouch itself is shown sary destruction. 63 That may sound getting around that. Sir Alan Gardiner

as a rampant beast trampling its paradoxical, but it is the whole idea noted that the coronation and royal victims, 54 and a newly found fragment behind the lioncouch, best represented funeral rites were all "quadrilateral"from Der elBahri shows the lioncouch by the dangerous but beneficent lion. repeated four times, a basic requirement

as a sphinx, 55 a reminder that the king Dick: But why do there have to be so but exceedingly difficult to depict in

as a sphinx on the sides of the throne many lions on these beds? art. Therefore, according to Professor

treads on his enemies, and also that Jane: And on the altars? Gardiner, the Egyptian artist restored

sphinxes liked to sacrifice their guests. 55 Mr. Jones: I am glad you noticed to his typical and ingenious tricks.

Jane: What are all these lioncouches that. Here, for example, is a small altar How, for example, would you show

doing on sleds? that our guidebook says is "Mios quadPharaoh being baptized by four offiMr. Jones: You will notice that quite rifrons with lion faces in granite,"64 ciants each dousing water on him

often the lioncouch is taking the and here is a "lion throne"facing in from a different side and all at once?

mummy for a ride. Here in the tomb of the four directions. 65 This low limeAny way you arranged it, your picture

Montuhikhopshuf, in a sequence in stone table with the lions'heads prowould be a mess. So the Egyptian artist

which Maspero definitely detected hutruding in the four directions "is a simply had two priests baptizing the man sacrifice, the dead person is representation of some kind of seat or king, one standing on either side, but brought to the tomb on his lioncouch, throne."66 And here we see King Seti I they dressed up one of these figures as

which is mounted on a sled; in the presenting a fourheaded lioncouch Thoth, who can and in this case does

next two scenes it has been removed seat in the temple. 67 And notice these signify the gods of all of the four

from the sled and put aside. 56 The same stone altars with lions'heads facing in directions in this single person. 73 In

sequence is shown here in the tomb all four directions. 68. lioncouch scenes the Egyptian artists

of Aba, where the lioncouch also rides Jane: Why is that, do you think? had a special trick to show the four

on a ship; 57 in this Old Kingdom tomb Mr. Jones: Well, there must have heads without hopelessly scrambling

the funeral ship itself has the lion been an important reason, because it their drawings: in the birth and nursing

head! 58 And here in the third of three meant a lot of extra work and was a scenes it was usual to show two lion

lioncouch scenes, as soon as the man clumsy thing to handle. It goes back to couches, one standing directly on top of

on the couch stirs to life and starts the fourfold obsession of the Sedthe other, and to adorn each bed with walking, the lioncouch itself starts festival. Professor Kees believed that two lionheads, one on each end. It

walking too! 59 Thus the lion is a conthe greatmoment of the Sedfestival, was, as you can see, a perfectly fantastic

veyor; thrones are often shown as the climax of the whole business, was arrangement, which can have had only

one lion victorious lions;60 all four of here the the show king backs "shot borne on the at when purpose—to

73a distinctly in heads a tidy design. of directions seen four heaven, King are the arrows in the Horus and Edfu both

riding on platforms mounted on the to destroy all his enemies symbolThat trick is never used in funerary backs of lions.61 The lion is the superically,"69 and H. Bonnet thinks the lioncouch scenes, where the four

natural conveyor to the otherworld; in great moment was when Horus and canopic jars are used instead: along

the mysteries he is the psychopomp. Seth handed the king the sceptre, bow, with the many other things they could

Dick: What's a psychopomp? and arrows that showed him conqueror represent, those four, as we shall soon

Mr. Jones: Somebody who conducts and ruler of the world. 69 On the same see, always stood in the eyes of the

spirits from one place to another. The occasion the king not only shot the four Egyptians before everything else as

104 Improvement Era representative of "this earth in its four Dick: What virtues, I would like to fear. 89 It stands for all the worst huquarters,"exactly as Joseph Smith says. know. man attributes; Hopfner has collected

Dick: But aren't they jars for holding Mr. Jones: Ferocity, fecundity, and Egyptian terror stories of the bloody

scarier the could conspicuous than be above all rapacity were of the insidesthe dead person? crocodiles—which

77 real crocodiles the if those of the beast, and any ghoststories, for Certainly, and those inqualities Mr. Jones:

sides were thought of as composed of qualities in the crocodile, the lion, and were not far away!90 Naturally there

the four elements, brought together to the wolf in that order inspire a sort were lots of charms against crocodiles, form the body of man from the four of awe, 78 they are not without their especially to render them harmless quarters of the earth. usefulness—the world needs scavengers, while one passed by the places where

Jane: But they also represent idols. especially in exuberantly fertile subthey lurked.91

Mr. Jones: Yes, idols of gods of the tropical regions such as Egypt. But But still the Egyptians reverenced the

four quarters. We'll talk about them still, Dick is right. The good done by beast. It wasn't just that some Egyplater. But first, since we are talking marauding and predatory beasts is not tians worshiped crocodiles and some

about lions, we might as well get rid very obvious. Philo, who lived all his hated them, but that the same people

of the crocodile, the savage companion life in Egypt, scratched his head in felt mixed emotions. Petrie insisted

of the lion, whose appearance in the wonder and protested that it was reathat the Egyptians all hated the crocs,

Joseph Smith papyrus is quite signifisonable enough to venerate 'useful and but were so terribly afraid of them cant, I think. It is designated as gentle animals if you must venerate that they had to worship them to

Facsimile I, Figure 9. "The idolatrous animals at all, "But why crocodiles propitiate them. "The crocodile,"he

god of Pharaoh": First of all, I find it and lions? What could be more wrote, "was always feared and only

odd that the crocodile never turns up ridiculous?"79 And Origen, a native worshipped in depreciation."92 This is

in any of the nearly 200 other lionEgyptian, says that he has never been borne out by this text from the famous couch scenes I have looked at, though able to find an explanation for such Papyrus of Ani where "bowings and

ravening dangerous. only and there is did the crocodile, and always worship you know, crocodile, when—buthe often turns up in an adjacent scene foolishness. 80 Because the Egyptians prostrations are made"to the "terrible

on. goingsacrificing put it,..."93 As Strabo worship prominence hated it. even though they "They The

of the animal in the Joseph Smith Jane: They hated it and still they the most hateful of all animals, the

Papyrus No. 1 therefore calls for some worshiped it? crocodile... and avoid it!"94 The

serious study. What do you think of Mr. Jones: Yes, and visitors to Egypt equivocal position of the poor Egyptians

first when you see a lion? just couldn't understand it. It was a was like that of the people of India

Jane: Get out of the way! prize paradox even for Egypt. From the toward their expensive sacred cows:

Mr. Jones: Yes. The first reaction to earliest times the crocodile was wor- "The country simply swarms with

the sight of old Leo is that this is a shiped in some parts of Egypt, and at crocodiles,"Diodorus reported, because dangerous and powerful beast. But all times his cult was one of the most the people would not catch them, con81 Priests would sidering them to be sacred, and yetthat is not all you think of—as you get important in the land.

to know the animal and his habits feed and groom the beasts lovingly at they very much appreciated the work better, he comes to mean all sorts of their shrines, where sometimes they of the little ichneumon in destroying things to you, as we have just seen. became quite tame. 82 and feeding on crocodile eggs.95 When

Well, what is the first thing you think The Egyptians were quite aware of the son of the first governor of Alexof when you see a monster crocodile? the more unlovely attributes of the andria was eaten by a crocodile, the

Jane: Even more get out of the way! crocodile: in some parts of the country priests paid an enormous fine to the

Mr. Jones: That's true. A crocodile it was considered the vilest of creatures governor to keep the animals from

is even more alarming than a lion, and and hunted down, and yet "others,"being hunted, "for they reverenced the harder to get to know. wrote Strabo, "though aware of its crocodile and did not want it killed."96

The Egyptians assigned the same dangerous and hateful nature, still worMixed emotions, you see, though some primary functions to lions and crocoship it—and keep their distance!"83 made an issue and took sides for and

diles as you just did: their business is Those who hunted and even ate the against the crocs, as Herodotus and

to chase people. If the lionfortress crocodiles justified their action by sayAnthanasius report.97 Pliny and Amguarded the northeast frontier of Egypt, ing that the beast was everything evil, mainus say the same crocs would be

the crocodiles that swarmed in the creature of Typhon, the mortal enemy wellbehaved during certain ceremonial lakes and marshes there actually did of Horus. 84 In some parts of Egypt occasions but dangerous the rest of the

keep unwelcome Arab and Libyan inpeople would swim along with the time. 98

vaders from crossing over without crocs, but not far away others would Dick: Like snakes at the Hopi snake

authorization, or fugitives from Egypt not even approach a shore where crocodance, I suppose.

from escaping. 74 In the Egyptian rodiles might be found.85 While at Mr. Jones: Sir Alan Gardiner wrote:

mances the hero's crossing to the other Crocodilopolis the animals were sacro- "We find ourselves plunged into a world is barred at the desert by lions sanct, a few miles away at Apolworld of imagery barely credible to the and at the waters by crocodiles. 75 In loonpolis the populace waged systematic modern mind,"when we consider the

the Temple of Seti I two crocodiles war against them.86 Egyptian attitude to the crocodile, and

kneel under two lions holding huge Dick: The usual Egyptian confusion. regard this as an instructive lesson in

sacrificial knives, with the sacred head Mr. Jones: Plutarch says the explanajust how perverse ancient thought can

of Osiris on a pole before them, and tion must be sought not in logical be.99 But it makes good sense if we

here is a funeral scene in which thinking but in some mantic power consider a number of things. First of

Nefertem the lion sacrifices the enemy attributed to the animal, and that one all, the crocodile was exactly what of Egypt in rites at which Sobek the Pharaoh died for scorning that particuJoseph Smith calls him in Facsimile 1, crocodile presides. 76 A terrible duo, but lar power.87 "Terrifying is the crocoFigure 9: "the idolatrous god of

just as the Egyptians through long dile which the gods fear,"says a Coffin Pharaoh."What most surprises Profamiliarity began to value certain traits Text,88 and Drioton notes that the fessor Gardiner, in fact, is that for all

of the lion, so they saw that the crocoonly reason the dead might want to its "less attractive aspects"it was this dile was not without its virtues. change into a crocodile is to inspire "voracious creature whom an accident

July 1969 105 The crocodile "is uniquely and exactly ciallysor Bonnetdevotedhasto thegivencrocodile.us a Profesuseful

summary of the whole story. In the

what Joseph Smith called him, XIIgod ofDynasty,the Residence,it says, andSobekas "becamesuch camea to be very close to the royal house,"'the idolatrous god of Pharaoh'andDynasties"the kings[wherealso mostof the scholars13th to 17thput

Abraham, incidentally] prefer names containing homage to the crocodile."

Note that: "homage to the crocodile "112

of history had raised to the position of various royal crowns, and by the XII Jane: What's homage?

the chief divinity of Egypt."100 He was Dynasty he is attached to and even Mr. Jones: Submission. Here on a

10G Here crocodile statue it says that Sobek is not only the chief divinity—and that identified with the Sungod Re. already in the Middle Kingdom—but is a Middle Kingdom hymn to Sobek: "the Horus who resides at Crocodilpeculiarly the special god of Pharaoh. "Sobek the Shedite appears gloriously, opolis"and that "the King is a unique

It was not only the most unloved of he has taken rulership of heaven and friend of Sobek,"113 and here it says creatures, it was also the most highly filled the Two Lands with his power"; "May the King make offerings to

venerated! it goes on to say that he wears the Sobek of Crocodilopolis,"who is deDick: More than any other animal? Wrrtcrown and is worshiped by "the scribed as a depository of all the

114 Mr. Jones: Much more—in one spesun-folk in Heliopolis,",that he "seized attributes of power and authority. cial connection. It was exclusively and the sceptre and the crown... ruler Gardiner is right—the croc has someparticularly the king's own totem. Or among the gods... who steals the thing very special to do with royal

rather, since there has never been any Wrrtcrown."107 power; here is a papyrus from the

agreement about totemism in Egypt Jane: But how could a dirty old Fayyum that describes the crocodile

the god the ever but as sun? of be as Pharaoh not Jane:—or anywhere else, for that crocodile

the to Bonnet, the it calls him 113 According In Pharaoh. hymns Mr. Jones: matter.

Mr. Jones: Right—but don't interthe "Duplicate of Re, great luminary submission of Pharaoh to the crocodile

rupt. Let's see just how the crocodile that came forth from the flood... down to the latest times is attested "by

was related to the Pharaoh; that won't son of Neith in Abydos."107a I think the association of the crocodile with

be hard to find out, since our guidethat explains it: Sobek is understandthe royal image on monuments and

book has a good deal to say about it. ably the god of the shallow waters in annals. Hence even the Ptolemies

The crocodile exhibits in this hall are frOm which life emerged in the beginreverenced the crocodile as their anchronologically arranged; let us begin ning; he appears out of the water even cestor."116 And so Professor Bonnet

at the beginning. Crocodilopolis was as the sun appears rising from the sums it up: "Sobek absorbs the god of

always one of the top cultplaces, in primordial waters on the first day "in the King into himself"{"Sobek nimmt

Egypt,101 and the crocodile cult was splendor."108 He is the only animal I also den Konigsgott in sich auf"), so

always important throughout the entire know of that spends half his time that "hymns of praise to the king and land.102 The story was told at Crocobasking in the tropical sun and the his crowns can be addressed directly

dilopolis that Menes, the first king of other half basking in the tropical water. to Sobek"; that is, the croc is the god

a united Egypt, was once pursued by Jane: "How doeth the little crocoof Pharaoh. Bonnet believes that it all

his own dogs while hunting and was dile...."goes back to the early "identity with

rescued and carried to safety across the Mr. Jones: To be sure. Here is a the rising sungod,"which explains

waters by a crocodile.102 Here is a Coffin Text that describes a monster why the Egyptians "were fond of

Pyramid Text that actually says that crocodile, "the Lord of B'khw,"holding designating Sobek as nothing less than the king is Sobek the croc, 103 even out with the huge serpents of primor- 'the living image'or even more poputhough we read in another Pyramid dial times in sacred and dangerous larly, the Ka (the power and essence) is a sort ends is the up like of Sobek that this vile and haunts Re, so that above he finally Text same the river—it

109 Still less the beast.103 Pyramid than other licentious as nothing In of thing that could Pharaoh go way back.

Texts show that in those early times this text the first of all thrones, the Universal God."116

"the deified King appears in vital throne of "the king of everything,"is Dick: Pretty good for an old croc.

power in the water as a crocodile,"established "at the place of the four Don't any of the other animals rate which H. Kees calls a concept of crocodiles,"the king explaining to the the same sort of promotion?

prehistoric antiquity.104 crocs who occupy the four regions that Mr. Jones: No. Though other beasts

Jane: I thought the king was suphe is going to create the Realm of Re are honored in different ways, only the

posed to be a bull in those early times. anew on earth, and asking for their crocodile gets to wear all the royal

Mr. Jones: Here in the Pyramid of approval. 110 It is as if the crocodiles as crowns. He is uniquely and exactly

Unas, the last king of the Fifth Dynasthe original inhabitants of the land what Joseph Smith calls him, "the ty, he appears as a wild bull, "but must grant permission to the king himidolatrous gods of Pharaoh."

along with that the King is also self to settle and take over. 110 At any Dick: In that case, what's he doing

Sobek,"which J. Spiegel thinks is a rate, by the Middle Kingdom the snooping around the altar?

Lower Egyptian idea; at any rate, it Sobek element in the royal names Mr. Jones: Well, for one thing he

was accepted everywhere. 105 Here in "shows that the crocodilegod was still shows that it is an altar. You will never

this Middle Kingdom mural from thought of as something connected find a croc like that in an embalming

MedinetHabu "the King is the bull of with the monarchy,"according to scene—what good would he do there?

the Desert, but he wears the costume of Gardiner.111 This was a survival of But in sacrificial settings he is right at

Sobek, (the crocodile)."106 By the V older times, but it carried right over home.

Dynasty the anthropomorphic or crocountil the end—in fact, in the later Dick: Why?

dileheaded Sobek appears wearing dynasties the kings of Egypt were espeMr. Jones: In an embalming opera106 Improvement Era

tion the whole idea is to preserve able function to perform in the sacrigether again as a special favor. Proeverything possible of the remains; but fices. In prehistoric times he was fessor E. Otto finds that very strange. 13S

sacrifice aims at transmitting the life especially important as Suchos, the Dick: So do I.

and substance of the victim to somelord of the famous shrine of Osiris as Mr. Jones: But it is quite logical if we

body else, and that requires transformBusiris—and you know what that understand the very useful function

ing it. Your little old crocodile was means. that the terrible crocodile must perjust the party to take care of that operaJane: What does it mean? form in sacrificial rites. How was

tion. We talked about the idea of a Mr. Jones: Human sacrifice. Busiris Menes, the first king of Egypt, saved

transfusion in the lioncouch complex: was at all times the legendary and hisby a crocodile?

who received the lifegiving transfusion torical headquarters of human sacriJane: By being carried across the

of the victim's blood? fice in Egypt, and who presides there? water.

Dick and ]ane: The king did. "Busiris is given to Suchos,"says this Mr. Jones: Yes. The Greek version

Mr. Jones: But how? It is easy enough Coffin Text; Suchos is "lord of Busiris,"says he was being saved from his dogs

callsto says another; all over blood shed and another him place—the

excels get sovran."race "the fatherly how so we 126 Andhuman anology—butidea familiarthe muchfromolderGreekEgyptianmythat that—butthe

can a king or anybody else absorb it? more crocodile paradoxes: Here in the version says Menes was actually killed

cannibal—everybodyDick: By eating it. knowsHe usedthat!to be a tombenthronedof Kingas a Tutankhamonking—but withhe twosits byindulgea hippopotamusin dangerous(the kingsritual usedhippoto

Mr. Jones: Back in 1912 the one powerful wedges driven into his head hunts), but that a crocodile saved him

professor who ventured a guess about so that he can't harm anybody! 126a In from death. 136 Now this business of

the crocodile in Facsimile 1 said, "I the IX Dynasty the wicked king a dead person being carried over the see a crocodile, waiting to seize and Achthoes, "more cruel than all his waters is very familiar in Egyptian devour the dead if he be not protected predecessors... was smitten with madliterature. Just as the crocodile bore

by ritual embalming against such a ness and killed by a crocodile."127 Here the body of Osiris to Philae, a sacred

fate."117 That's a pretty good guess, the crocodile turns the tables on a island forbidden to mortals and cut off

wouldn't you say? The croc is there wicked king who practiced human sacfrom the earth by surrounding waters,

to devour something, because that is rifice and so performs a worthy service, so it was taught, the crocodile would the one thing he is good at. It is not but in other cases it is the other way "bear the body... of every person

surprising that crocodiles infested around, when a righteous Pharaoh through the heavenly waters"after places where sacrifices were going on, overcomes the evil principle, embodied death. 137 In the story of the Two

is it? They are scavengers. They share as a crocodile. 128 We have a dual perBrothers, the elder brother weeps for

that activity with lions: Here the sonality here: a hymn of Kom Ombos the younger, who after his sacrificial

Nefertem lion kills an enemy prisoner that hails, "Sobek, Re, Lord of Ombos, death cannot be reached because of the at a rite at which Sobek presides;118 who loveth to show mercy after his crocodiles in the waters that separate

here two crocs kneel before two lions, anger."129 The most striking example them. 13S You see what this means:

all holding huge sacrificial knives, and of the double role of the crocodile is What is the service performed by the all facing the severed and enshrined its function as Horus; Professor Kees crocodile in these cases?

head of Osiris on a pole. 119 We have wrote an article about it. 130 While one Dick: He carries people across to the

seen that a royal sacrificial victim was tradition makes the crocodile the other world.

necessarily an enemy, and Junker Typhonian beast Seth that rent and Mr. Jones: Yes, he transports them;

showed "that when a sacrificial victim scattered the members of Osiris all he provides the means of making the represents an evil power it must be over the landscape, another makes it transition. As in the rites of Khoiak,

the the gatherer of the Horus, could and preserver a "transformation"eaten makes of he by the God."120 How

II, scattered given very of Osiris that members. 131 up thoseking once he had do same possible. Herodotus body

cannibalism in the days of Osiris? The crocodile, says Junker, "is both 90 says that when any Egyptian was

Dick: By substitution, of course, just Horus who finds and assembled the carried away either by a crocodile or

as he avoided being sacrificed himmembers of Osiris, and the destroyer by the Nile, he was deemed so sacred self. who, Isis fears, has eaten Osiris."132 that no one but a priest could touch

Mr. Jones: And who would his subDick: How could it be both? him, and his city had to bury him with

stitute be? Before you answer that imMr. Jones: Professor Kees considered sacred rites. The Ombites considered

pulsively, let me give you some hints. this a prize example of Egyptian parait a great honor to be eaten by a crocoPlutarch says that long before his dox. The crocodile "Sobek is the Sun, dile, "and believed that people thus

day the head of the Typhonian victim but also a divinity of darkness"; he is sacrificed were the darlings of the

was thrown into the river;121 and long the Adversary Seth of Osiris, yet it is god."139 Josephus says that the Egypbefore him Herodotus reported that the he who bears the body of Osiris revertians of his day considered anyone

Egyptians believed that the royal sacently to Philae. 133 In the great festival carried away by crocs to be "most

rifice had to be consumed by a beast. 122 of Khoiak, Horus "comes bringing on blessed and worthy of the god."140

Here is a text from the Louvre addressthe water the members of Osiris in his Aelian reported that the Egyptians ing the sacrificed Seth: "Thy heart is form of crocodile. A transformation rejoiced to have their children carried

given to Khentesktai, who hands it takes place in the Temple of Osiris in off by crocodiles, and that the mother over to the crocodile,"while intestines his name of Crocodile, Lord of Amu,"of such a child was highly honored in are fed to the cat Bast.123 In the archaic and all this takes place as part of a her community;141 and Maximus of

rites of Kom Ombos, a hawk (Horus) lioncouch rite. 134 Here is an inscripTyre tells about an Egyptian woman

was crucified and mourned as the tion from the Abaton of Philae: "Horus who rejoiced when her son was eaten

victim of the crocodile. 124 At Heliopcame and brought the limbs of Osiris by a pet crocodile that she herself

olis in the resurrection rites "the out of the water in his (Horus 's) form had raised up, deeming him "a fitting snatcher"was a sacred crocodile with of a crocodile, to join them together in gift to the local god."142

a feather on his head. 125 The old croc the House of Osiris."There you have In all these cases the victims were

is right in there at the great local cult it: the crocodile kills and scatters the considered as sacrifices and as happily

centers, because he has an indispensmembers, which he then gathers totransported across the waters to a better

July 1969 107 could shed so that he was being"Joseph Smith was on very solid ground blood

It it? by and rejuvenated be revived

was not enough merely to shed blood

it to way, be consumed in some had in identifying the hawk than and by by more effectively whom the efficient scavengers to whom the as the 'Angel of the Lord'"werehearts thrown,and headstheof ofterrifyingsacrificialembodivictims ment of primordial kingship that swarmed in sacred immunity around the oldest sacrificial altars of the land?

So it is anything but fantastic to world; the crocodile, as Frankfort puts to life by the reborn Horus. 147 As designate the crocodile in Facsimile 1 as

it, is really "a set of functions,"one Seth seeks to destroy the newly born "the idolatrous God of Pharaoh"in of which is transportation and transHorus, his mother is told to flee across his capacity of participating in a sacriformation, exemplified in the efficient the waters until she reaches "the house ficial scene.

way in which it removes its clients out of the Crocodile"in the Delta, where But let us get back to the main of this world. 143 Down till late times she and her son will be safe. 148 If you stream of our story. The man on the

the Ombites would throw the heads want a shockingly literal concept of altar being in mortal peril prays for of all sacrificial victims to the sacred resurrection, Pliny says that though deliverance, and God sends an angel crocodiles, which would make short the crocodiles of Egypt are a terror to and rescues him. Now before we get

work of the remains; at the same time, the wicked, they can even be ridden by into the extensive literary treatments of

according to our informant, the people the righteous, and can by the proper that theme, there is a little item that of a neighboring city said that the treatment be induced to regurgitate it would be well to get out of the way, crocodiles were the embodiment of their victims for burial. 149 and that is what we should have started

Typhon, the destroyer. 144 Well, why Jane: How nasty! with, namely:

not? Seth or Typhon dispatched Osiris Mr. Jones: The Egyptians thought it Facsimile No. 1, Figure 1: "The Anand sent him out of the world—that was a salutary performance. Dick, gel of the Lord": What we want to ask

was a necessary function if there was would you say the crocodile's power is, since when is a hawk an angel?

to be a resurrection, a valued and was, on the whole, good or bad? Some have recently maintained not

necessary service that needed to be Dick: That depends on how it is only that Figure 1 in the papyrus

done, and as such the Egyptians appreused. should have a human head, but that

ciated it and the crocodile. That is why Mr. Jones: Exactly. Dr. Kees says that it actually does have one.

"the crocodile appears to the Egyptians it was precisely because the crocodile Dick: Wouldn't that make a better

as a mighty symbol of the resurrected was so dangerous that its power was angel than one with a hawk's head?

divine king. The Osiris myth was coveted—to do what? For one thing, Mr. Jones: By the conventions of

Osiris idea: the able to exploit

marsh.'of the 'Suchos, the Lord became"145 accordinglion did andto playKees,theto partdo justof "awhatdangerthe Christianserious objectionsart it would.to acceptingBut therea humanare

Dick: So now the crocodile is not ous guardian."It specialized in guardhead on the Egyptian bird.

only Seth who killed Osiris, and Horus ing the severed head of Osiris, as in Dick: Why? I've seen lots of Egypwho saved him, but he is also Osiris this impressive scene from the tomb of tian soulbirds with human heads.

himself. Isn't that a bit steep? Seti I. 150 Since the heads and hearts of Mr. Jones: Yes, but none as hard to

Mr. Jones: He doesn't have to be sacrificial victims were in early times recognize as this one, I'll wager. And

everything at once. In the feast of thrown to the crocodiles, we can pretty if you go and dig up all those humanOsiris the fekhti priest says, "I am well guess where this idea came from. headed birds, you will find that every

Horus, I have come to thee, mighty Dick: The croc would "take care"of one of them has conspicuous legs and

goddess, bringing the body of my those items, all right! claws in which he is holding ankhfather.... A model is then placed on Mr. Jones: Yes, by properly disposing signs or shw feathers, and in many cases

a lioncouch in a special chamber."It of them. There is a Middle Kingdom have arms been added to the legs

is explained that "Horus in the form offeringtablet of which Kees makes a arms upraised in prayer. But this bird

of a crocodile brings his father's good deal, which declares that anyone has no legs at all, let alone arms—he

members, for on this day he is to be who damages the offerings must come is another kind of bird. Joseph Smith

transformed."The model is then under the dread knife of the Horuswas on very solid ground in identifyplaced on its back. crocodile himself. 150a So it is clear that ing the hawk in Facsimile 1 (no matter

Dick: The good old lioncouch the dire talents of the crocodile were who drew it!) as "the Angel of the

drama. in special demand in sacrificial situaLord,"because according to Egyptian

Mr. Jones: Yes, and a crocodile as tions. In the Joseph Smith papyrus it thinking the very best way to show an

Horus, the living king, is one of the makes little difference whether we angel was by a hawk. The trouble

actors. The Osiris figure is then rethink of the crocodile as Horus or with interpreting Egyptian birds is that

moved from the bed and set upright Seth: in eiiher case he provides an unthere are so many of them and birds

on a golden stand, to be exposed to mistakable clue to the kind of death seem to be just naturally symbolical

if will. the look over mantic, the person you on the As couch and painted sun If you must face. green—obviously

is scenes, to life or so lioncouch Osiris idolatrous "the again. 146 Here he god of Pharaoh,"a hundred you coming

are a lot of later amulets showing the form in which Pharaoh is able to will find that the birds perform in a

Horus treading on the crocodiles while consume the flesh and blood of his great variety of roles—sometimes there

holding dangerous lions by the tail victims (an idea often expressed in the are five, sometimes only one, but they it is a charm to protect people and sacrificial liturgy), and be refreshed are all there for a purpose, though not houses against these beasts, and "repreand renewed by them. Remember those for the same purpose. That is what

sent the renewal of youth,"the overearly sacrificial texts we read in which makes it so confusing. The experts back

coming of the most dangerous threats the king was told that the enemy's in 1912 disagreed about the bird in

108 Improvement Era 5a

Facsimile 1 more than anything else the inscription tells us that it is "AmonHorus alone: 157 there is certainly no

one scholar said it was one thing and Re, the sublime soul of Osiris, which shortage of evidence for that! Only

another said it was another, and this alights on his corpse in his place of in the latest period is "the falcon is one time when comparison with other birth."That means, according to Prosometimes confused with the soullion-couch scenes only confuses the fessor Varille, that "the figure on the bird."157 Here Miss Klebs tells how the

issue. lion couch is the counterpart of the soulbird can signify either that the

Dick: Why? bird above...."153 Now tell me how soul is flying away—or can serve as a

Mr. Jones: Because you will find many people that one bird is! protector, or a guide, or brood upon the

among the others not one consistent Jane: First of all, if it is a ba it must body as an egg, looking forward to fubird pattern, but all kinds of birds be the soul of Osiris. Oh yes, it even ture resurrection, or fan it with its

doing all kinds of things. Just look at says so: "The sublime Ba of Osiris...."wings to preserve or restore the breath

this lioncouch scene in the shrine of Dick: It's only his counterpart. of life, etc. 158 While the hawk on the

Opet: There is only one bird there, Mr. Jones: It says here, "The august ceiling of Tut's tomb may be the king's

flying above the man on the couch spirit (Ba) of Osiris is coming to unite soul flying away to heaven,159 he can but what a bird! Professor Varille itself with his body."For a bringing just as well be flying "from heaven as

recognized it as a kabird. together of spirit and body, both father a hawk...,"1S0 if he can go one way

Jane: What's a fcabird? and mother are necessary. And who is he can go the other; that perhaps is

Mr. Jones: That is the part of a perthe king when he is reborn? why the hawk is the only symbol to

son that enters his body when he is Jane: Oh, I know. It's Horus. Is the appear in all the known predynastic

born and leaves it when he dies. bird Horus, too? Palettes and maces—because he alone

Dick: It must be his spirit, then. Dick: But Horus is always a hawk, represents the certain tie between heav161 Mr. Jones: That is what the ba is—don't you know? Say! Maybe that's en and earth.

representation of the human spirit. why they don't draw a hawk's head Dick: How come?

Not because human spirits look like on the bird—because if they did everyMr. Jones: Because of his special

birds, but because the idea of a bird body would think it was only Horus qualifications. For the ancients, the

best represents the spirit's lightness and nothing else. hawk, which could soar out of sight in

and its ability to move freely and spurn Jane: But then what do they do when the sky, was the only bird that could

the heavy gravity of the earth. As they want to show that the bird is fly between heaven and earth, that

Professor Drioton wrote, "Nothing was Horus too, along with all those other could go to the sun and return. 162 If

ever farther from the Egyptian mentalthings? the king was going to heaven, it would

ity than metempsychosis."Dick: Draw another bird, I suppose have to be as a hawk, chosen to repreJane: What's metempsychosis? a real hawk. sent both the soul of the king and the

Mr. Jones: That is when human Jane: But that's too complicated. sun to which he returned, "because it

beings actually take over other forms Mr. Jones: Is it any more complicated excelled all other birds known to the

than human: this depicting of gods and than what we have here? That seems Egyptian in its ability to fly at a very

men in animal form is never to be to be exactly the kind of complication great height,"163 That is why we find taken literally, according to Drioton. 151 we get in these lioncouch scenes. If on the seals of the very earliest kings the

Jane: But if they always drew spirits you will just look in the south sanctumajestic image of "the hawk... the

like birds, wouldn't people come to ary at Opet, you will see a scene great dweller in the heavens"sitting think they were birds? showing how "little Horus"takes hawk above the archaic srkh, the palace gate,

Mr. Jones: Professor Frankfort sugform during a gestation period in the as the one who communicates between

gests that it was to avoid that very marshes, "his temporal father being the earthly and the heavenly dwelling mistake that "in tomb designs the Osiris who revives in his son, but of royalty. 164 From the beginning,

dead are depicted as birds with human whose spiritual father is the lifegiving "every king placed great importance 154 to device a identification graphic the be Osiris can with Horus on his Amon."hawk Theheads—possibly - real his birds."1 father, as his mother, that emphasizing as well from he and hawk,"haddistinguish them come

Some people have insisted that the his son! The whole amazing operation from afar, from heaven itself. 165 The

bird in Facsimile 1 should have a takes place on the lion couch, and to name Horus comes from hry, "'to be human head, or even that it does have put over the whole message a variety far off,'sometimes, 'to betake oneself is It silly to to necessary. all of necessary? is as birds of a first king is that a distance,'"and theone. But Look t'

as scenes: thatthese other one think a united lioncouch himself only bird can "he Egypt designated have how

many birds do you see? significance as to think the same of a who is in the distant heaven"to

Dick: About a hundred, I guess. lioncouch. Our guidebook says that emphasize the heavenly and superMr. Jones: And how many of them the original soulbird of Osiris was the natural nature of his power as that of

have human heads? benubird, nothing less than the Phoe- "Great God, Lord of the Heavens,"

Dick: I can see only four. nix of Heliopolis, but that ordinary which of course got him identified

Mr. Jones: You see, statistics are all spirits were usually represented by the with the Sungod Re in short order. 166

in favor of giving our bird a hawk's crested Ibis, the akhbird, and that The idea behind the early seals seems head. But statistics aren't everything. from the Middle Kingdom on soulbirds to be expressed in this Coffin Text, 148:

Look-—in our prize exhibit, the Opet were shown without human heads as "See Horus, you gods! I am Horus, the

scene, the bird does have a human herons, storks, swallows, lapwings, Falcon who is on the battlements of head. It has been recognized, of course, geese, and falcons, that is, always by the Mansion of Him whose name is

as a babird, but that is only the bemigrating birds. 155 hidden. My flight aloft has reached

ginning of the story; notice that the Dick: Because spirits migrate, I supthe horizon, I have overpassed the gods

bird has the body of the vulture Mwt, pose. of the sky.... I go up in my flight, and

showing that it is Osiris's mother, but Mr. Jones: But here is a study that there is no god who can do what I have

it has the claws of the inundationbird say that the spirits of the dead are repdone.... I am Horus, more distant of

b'h, showing that it is the beginning resented by falcons only after the Midplace than men or gods...."167 Here

of life; at the same time it wears the dle Kingdom. 150 Before that the hawk is a still earlier one: "The King is no

beard and feathercrown of Amon, and and falcon were reserved for the royal longer on earth but in heaven. He

July 1969 109 sails to heaven like the flamingo and sign of such a messenger is and always just an extension of the king, or of the kisses the sky like a hawk."168 Here is a was the hawk or falcon. "The hawk is powers of heaven.

brandnew study by the renowned Prof. the divine messenger who brought the Dick: What does that mean?

S. Schott in which he tells us that the book of Wisdom to Thebes,"according Mr. Jones: Well, here is a hawkhawk offers the student a particularly to Diodorus; "though they understand picture from the First Dynasty, the

useful insight into the relationship bethis symbolically,"he explains, "it is famous ivory comb of King Djet: the

tween speculation and image in Egypsaid at Thebes that a Hawk brought the spreadout wings represent, it is agreed, tian thinking. 168a He cites inscriptions divine Book from heaven to the priests"; the protecting powers of heaven extelling how the hawk "flies up even to for that reason "the priestly scribes tended to those dwelling on earth.175

heaven,""opens [his] wings to the [hiewgrammateis] wear a red ramma This idea of the hawk as an earnest of limits of the universe,"and "speeds and a hawk's feather on their heads."171 heavenly protection carries right on

through the cosmos to the place of Either the god or his representative into the tombs and coffins of later light."168a In this capacity he bears could be the messenger—indeed the times when the outspread wings of the

the names of "Announcer"(Ausspruch, messenger as an ambassador was necesbird of heaven protect the dead from

Hw) and "Knower"(Erkenntnis, Sja), sarily an embodiment of him who sent corruption or other harm or even exshowing him to be the messenger of him: "He comes for life as a messenger tending healing influence. 176 Throughmessengers. 1681* Now as the one being of Horus,"says a Pyramid Text, in out the ancient world we meet with

that can pass freely between the remotwhich messengers are sent "on the wing the bird who flies ahead of the king est reaches of the universe and the of Thoth."172 Aelian reports that "the and reports to his lord and master all

earth,fied—inthe fact,hawk heis preeminentlyis the only qualifully Egyptiansblessed birdsayandthatthattheafterlivingdeathhawkit canis a thatJane:is goingA watchbird,on in it.eh?qualified candidate—for the job of prophesy and send prophetic dreams, Mr. Jones: A very familiar concept.

heavenly messenger. being pure spirit stripped of the flesh In the Ramesseum Papyrus, Horus

Jane: You mean like angels in the it can bring healing prescriptions to says to Thoth: "Take possession of thy

Bible? believers."173 Diodorus I, 87 also retwo Falconstandards that go before

Mr. Jones: If you will look up all the ports that the Egyptian hawk is the thy face,"these being "the two eyes,"

references to wings in the Bible, you great mantic and prophetic bird. Its the king's spies. 177 Well, it should be

will find that wings are never found most famous embodiment is the great apparent by now that according to on angels, but are often referred to in magician Pharaoh Nectanabos, who, to Egyptian thinking the proper embodi- a purely symbolic sense. Just so the apprise Philip of Macedon of the diment of a divine messenger or angel

Egyptians, as Canon Drioton noted, vine conception of Alexander, "flew should be by all means a hawk. But

did not for a moment believe that an and appeared to him as a hawk speakwe still don't know enough about the angel would really take the form of a ing to him in dreams,"from Egypt; at hawk in the Joseph Smith papyrus. I

hawk, but thought that a hawk was a the same time he visited the queen in think it would be a good idea at this very expressive symbol of the way in the form of a hawk and so begot the point to quit the museum for awhile which angels get around. 169 Professor divine Alexander—which, of course, is and go over to the library. Museum

Gardiner, who says that "the concept another Egyptian idea, conspicuous people have a way of neglecting librarof 'messengers'who performed the among our lioncouch episodes. 174 ies, and vice versa, which is quite underbehest of the gods is known from the When Philip asked a seer about his standable. But we have some wonderful

Book of the Dead and elsewhere, dream, he was told, "Thy wife shall texts that can really help us out with e.g. P.T. 1252b,"170 is also good enough conceive for thee a son, who shall our facsimiles. I will meet you again

to point out that the Greeks called such rule over the entire world."174 Here the in the museum after I have dug around

a messenger an "angelos,"from which messenger hawk was the divineking a bit in the papyri. o

our own word angel is derived. 170 The himself, but sometimes he could be (To be continued)

Footnotes

1A. Piankoff, The Shrines of Tutankh-amon Above, note 3. The most impressive series of altaeg. Pyramidentexten, I, 78f, 80.

(Harper Torchbooks, 1962), PL 16. The ivory lioncouch scenes is to be found in H. Frank2SE. A. W. Budge, The Book of Opening the

headrest that goes with the bed is supported fort, The Cenotaph of Seti I at Abydos (EgypMouth (London, 1909), I, 39.

bywhoa isfigureflankedof "Shu,by twothecrouchingvoid, the lions,god ofPI. air,"59. tian78. Exploration Society, 1933), II, PL 74 to p. aG.122.Jequier, in Receuil de Travaux, Vol. 37,

This lion couch belongs to a series of three 7A. Moret, Mysteres Egyptians, p. 61. Mission Archaeologique Francaise, Memoires,

beds, including a bullbed (PL 14), and a 8W. Needier (1963), discussed in OrientalVol. 1 (1889), PL XXXI, Figs. 32 and 33.

sow.hippopotamusbed (PL 15). ische Literaturzeitung, Vol. Petrie, Denderah (Eg. Expl. Soc, p. 246. F. 60 (1965),

2L. Keimer, in Bull. iii. E. Winlock, in Serv., Vol. 9H. Inst. Fr. Caire, Vol. 37 Ann. 30 1898), PL

(1954/5), p. 263; P. Montet, Everyday Life in (1930), pp. 102ff, with photo. 27G. Maspero, Gen, Catal., Cairo, Vol. 102

Egypt 29. (London, p. 1958),

op. cit., 3Piankoff, 36f: "These couches pp. Mbid.,UU. Schweitzer,p. 103. in Aegyptologische Forsch- (1939),(1125). PL XXV, 29318; cf. Pyr. Text No. 509

represent stages three of rebirth,"culminating 5, ungen, Heft 1948, PL with "finally, the lion associated Journal couch with Egyptian of Archaeology,viii; M. el Amir,Vol. 34in (1915),B. Vandenhoff,pp. 244f. in Oriens Christianus, Vol. 5

resurrection,"cf. ibid., p. 51, Fig. 11, and (1948), Pis. XV, XVI. 2Pyr. Text No. 509 (1120).

G. Jequier, Considerations sur les Religions 12G. Jequier, in Sphinx, Vol. 14 (1910/11), Aelian, Hist, animal. XII, 7.

Egyptiennes (Neuchatel, 1946), pp. 217f."p. 179. 31A. Gardiner, Egypt of the Pharaohs, p. 396.

*Piankoff and Jequier, loc. cit. In the sym13D. Opitz, in Archiv fuer Orientforschung, R2Plutarch, de Osir. et Iside, 19.

bolic royal conception, birth, and nursing scenes Vol. 7 (193133), p. 88. Horapollo, Hieroglyphica, I, 19, in T.

from Luxor, Denderah, Deir elBahri, and Philae, UW. Spiegelberg, in Aeg. Ztschr., Vol. 65 Hopfner, Pontes hist, relig. aegypt., p. 593.

the lioncouch dominates the scene; F. Weindler, (1930), p. 58; quote is from B. Bruyere, in A. Gardiner, in Jnl. Egypt. Archaeol., Vol. 6

Geburtsund Wochenbettsdarstellungen auf altChronique d'Egypte, Vol. 28 (1952), p. 38. (1920), p. 106.

aegyptischen Tempelreliefs (Munich: Beck, 15Bruyere, op. cit., pp. 37f. sspiut., de Iside, 38.

1915), Abb. 3, 7, 14, 18, 21, 27, 28. ](iA. Varille, in Ann. Serv., Vol. 53, pp. 107-9. 3eA. Varille, in Ann. Serv., Vol. 53, pp. 875The close resemblance between the "Bed of 17Opitz, op. cit., p. 86. 89, discussing the symbolism at length.

Osiris"and the lioncouch scene in the temple 18Piankoff, op. cit., pp. 42, n. 3 and 22, n. 48. Ibid., p. 96.

of Seti I was noted by E. Amelineau, in Revue 19T. Hopfner, in PaulyWissowa, Realenzyklop. ssAelian, Hist, animal., XII, 7.

Egyptologique, Vol. 13 (1910), p. 181, with d. Altertumswiss., Suppl. 16: 1331. 3BVarille, op. cit., p. 109.

photo. The lioncouch scene in the temple of *>Ibid.t Col. 1332. 4M. Pogracz, in Mitt, des dt. Inst. Kairo.

Opet is discussed by A. Varille, in Annales A. Shorter, in Jnl. Egypt. Archaeol., Vol. 22 Vol. 15 (1957), p. 213.

du Service, Vol. 53 (1955/6), pp. 79ff, with (1936), p. 163. 41C. Crowfoot and N. de G. Davies, in Jnl.

photo, PL XIX. 22K. Sethe, Uebers, u. Kommentar zu den Egypt. Archaeol, Vol. 27 (1941), p. 128.

110 Improvement Era in Orientalis, Drioton, Bibliotheca Vol. merciful to through S0E. King Ammenemes, in Aeg. Ztschr., Vol. 61 42L. Borchardt, whom

this day... thy face is Coffin."A. Gardiner, 167, on citing numerous happy p. 10 (1953),(1926), pp. 3051.

W. Weszinski, Atlas, I, i, 88f; Pt. ii, Taf. Texts. in Revue d'Egyptologie, Vol. 11, p. 48.

203. T. Hopfner, Thierkult der alten Aegypter H. Kees, in Aeg. Ztschr. Vol. 64 (1929),

"Ibid., II, ii, Taf. 164. For other royal pet (Vienna, 1913), p. 107. pp. 10712, noting that nothing could be more

lions, L. Keimer, in Ann. Serv., Vol. 30 (1930), <*A. Moret, in Rec. Trav., Vol. 35 (1913), repugnant "to our feelings"than to identify

Hieratic PI. iii. 4552, 5559; E. Budge, Egyptian A. W. pp.pp.

23f, British in the Gardiner, in Aeg. Ztschr., Vol. 82 Papyri 45A. Museum, Horus> 31E. withOtto,a incrocodileOrientalia,(p. 107).Vol. 7 (1938), p. (1910), pp.

(1956), p. 38. col. iiiiv. On late charms against the croco75.

ieP. Derchain, Rites Egyptiens (Brussels, diles, F. Chabas, in Bibliotheque Egyptologique, 132H. Junker, Das Goetterdekret ueber das

1962), I, 54. Vol. 12 (1905), p. 12. There is a frightening Abaton (Vienna, 1913), p. 43.

47Aelian, Hist, animal. XII, 7. See the many picture of a lady drinking from a stream in the 1S3F. Zimmermann, Aegyptische Religion

illustrations in U. Schweitzer, "Loewe u. sacred preserve of Amon with a big crocodile (Paderbom, 1912), p. 107f.

Sphinx im alten Aegypten,"in Aegyptol. Forwatching her on the other side; the inscrip- V. Loret, in Rec. Trav., Vol. 4 (1883),

schungen, Heft 15, 1948. Abb. 5. Taf. ix, 1, 2, tion reads, "If I go to the great pool of Amon p. 31; Vol. 5 (1884), pp. 90f.

4; xii, 1, 2, 3, 4, 6; XV, 5, 6. to drink, may nothing resist me,"C. Kuentz, 136E. Otto, loc. cit., quoted by H. Junker,

*SM. de Rochemonteix, in Bibliotheque EgypBull. Inst. Fr. Arch., Vol. 28, p. 163; A. op. cit., p. 43.

Byz., PI. E. the Driotontologique, 138Steph. Vol. Piankoff, above, note 102; Serv., Vol. Ann. and 49, p. 254; Tomb 3 (1894), V. A picture

xliii. terrifying PI. (Paris, 136. 2, p. Arch, Fr., in Miss. aof Seti I, Dynasty shows L'Egypte from the 5th Mem. 1962), J. Vandier, croco- &

In The Book of Victory over Seth (ed. S. Schott, dile watching a boat go by, W. Wreszinski, Zimmermann, op. cit., p. 108.

pp. 52f),'VIII, 5ff, Nut describes the wholeAtlas, I, 3, 401. vThe Two Brothers, 8:1.

somely destructive office of Sechmet with her 92W. F. Petire, Religious Life in Ancient Zimmermann, op. cit., p. 106.

flame and sword. See below at f.n. 63. Egypt, p. 85. 140Josephus, Contra Apionem, II, 7, 86.

49This is only a general impression, but the ME. A. W. Budge, Papyrus of Ani, PI. 27, Ch. 141Aelian, Hist, animal. X, 21.

theme is discussed ingeniously by A. Varille, 88. 142Maximus of Tyre, Philosophy, II, 5f/i, in

Ann.WE.Serv.,E. Edgar,Vol. 53,GrecoEgyptianpp. 93f, 110. Coffins, Catal. "Strabo,06Diodorus,Geog.,Hist,XVII,I, 35 1(41).(184). Hopfner,113H. Frankfort,Fontes, p. 351.Ancient Egyptian Religion,

Gen. Cairo, Vol. 26 (1905), PI. xxxi, xxxii. 0,3Aristotle, Economics, II, 33. p. 25.

Coffin Texts (De Buck), I, 280, Spell 66. B7Herodotus, Hist., II, 69; Athanasius, Contra 144Aelian, loc. cit.

6aH. Brunner, in Ztschr. der dt. Morgenl. Ges., gentil., 23, says this was an excuse for feuding 14BH. Kees, in Aeg. Ztschr., Vol. 88 (1962),

Vol. Ill (1961), p. 442; this is treated below. between the towns, though most Egyptians p. 30. Italics added.

385392. detested Texts Buck), I, (De Coffin

B3Philostratus, Apollonii, 5:42. Vita 08Ammianus,crocodiles.Res gestae, XII, 15 (17), in 14TF.140V. Loret,Chabas,Rec.in Trav.,BibliothequeVol. 5, Egyptologique,p. 90f.

Me.g. H. Kees, in Aeg. Ztschr., Vol. 76 Hopfner, Fontes, p. 552; Pliny, Nat. Hist., Vol. 12 (1905), pp. 12f.

(1940), Taf. IV, opp. p. 44. XIII, 46, 186. liSMetternich Stele, Sp. VI, in C. E. SanderBBIn Jnl. Egypt. Archaeol., Vol. 51 (1965), 00A. Gardiner, in Revue d'Egyptologie, Vol. Hansen, pp. 4041.

PI. XII, 5, opp. p. 25. For a Sphinxthrone, G. 11 (1957), pp. 55f. ""Pliny, Nat. Hist., VIII, 25, 92f.

Roeder, Bronzefiguren in Berlin (1956), Taf. 87. 1MIbid., p. 55. 150H. Kees, in Aeg. Ztschr., Vol. 64 (1929),

B6G. Mapero, in Miss. Arch. Fr., Mem., Vol. i01P. Bucher, in Kemi, Vol. 1 (1928), p. 41; p. 110. In the Tomb of Seti I a huge croco-

3, p. 446, Fig. 5. The sacrificial scenes are Hopfner, Tierkult, p. 125. dile lies on a gravemound facing a sacrificial

described on pp. 45254, Fig. 7. 102Stephanus Byzant., s.v. Krokodeilon polis, head, directly under which is a lion couch,

mE.t*Ibid.,Drioton,p. 3, PI.in 7,Chron.and PI.d'Egypte,9. Vol. 10 in 103PyramidHopfner, Fontes,Text No.p. 317.675. Derogatory are Nos. Miss.1BOaKees,Arch. op.Fr.,cit.,Mem.p. 108,II, PI.identifyingxlvi. the god

call Sobek text is in K. Sethe's the on 510a Aegyptische and 507510. P. T. 489c p. 109. The(1934), pp. 202f.

is shown sometimes (Leipzig, in Chron. d'Egypte, Vol. 19 Lesestuecke and she p. 87. Son of Neith, 1924), B0J. Capart,

(1943), Figs. 2830. nursing two crocodiles, S. Schott, in Revue 151E. Drioton, in Bibliotheca Orientalis, Vol.

P. Perdrizer, Monuments et Memoires, Vol. d'Egyptologie, Vol. 19 (1967), p. 107; H. Kees, 10 (1953), p. 167.

25 (1921f), p. 262, Fig. 3. in Aeg. Ztschr., Vol. 88 (1962), p. 30, making 162H. Frankfort, Ancient Egyptian Religion,

elMtss. Arch. Fr., Mem., Vol. 31, PI. clvi. them fellowinfants with Pharaoh. In a poem p. 97.

62Crowfoot and Davies, Jnl. Egypt. Archaeol., called "the Works of Shu"Pharaoh himself in an 153A. Varille, in Ann. Serv., Vol. 53, p. 111.

MA. Varille, Ann Serv., Vol. 53, pp. 107-8. Kemi, Vol. 6 (1936), p. 35. 155L. Klebs, in Aeg. Ztschr., Vol. 61 (1926),

ItalicsWP. Perdrizer,added. op. cit., p. 377, Fig. 11. 104Kees,isj. Spiegel,loc. cit.in Ann. Serv., Vol. 53 (1953), pp."0W.105-7.Spiegelberg, in Aeg. Ztschr., Vol. 62

L. Borchardt, in Aeg. Ztschr., Vol. 61 p. 434, this being part of the "resurrection- (1927), p. 27.

(1926), pp. 30ff. ritual of the Pyramid of Unas."Ibid., p. 29. Klebs, op. cit., pp. 104f,

"OC. M. Firth, in Ann. Serv., Vol. 26 (1926), 109B. Barguet, in Revue d'Egyptologie, Vol. 9 found that humanheaded soulbirds never ap-

p. 67M.100, Calverly,Fig. 2. Temple of Sethos I, Vol. 3, PI. (1952),10(!llC. Kuentz,p. 7. in Bull. Inst. Fr. Arch. Or., pearDynasty,in thewhen,Bookthoughof thesomeDeadof themuntil arethewater18th

12. ssFr. W. v. Bissing, in Aeg. Ztschr., Vol. 69 Vol.107A.28 Gardiner,(1929), pp.in Revue117, 119.d'Egyptologie, Vol. birds,1BKlebs,most op.are cit.,falconp. 105.types.

(1933), p. 99, Abb. 3, 4. 11 (1957), pp. 5254. 1B8So A. Piankoff, Shrines of Tut, p. 44.

68H. Kees, Goetterglaube, pp. 103, 197; Boni7aIbtd., pp. 4647. 160So S. Morenz, Aegyptische Religion (Stuttnet, Reallexikon, p. 159. 10SG. Botti, La Glorificazione di Sobk (Copengart, 1960), p. 159.

T0H. Frankfort, Kingship and the Gods, p. 44. hagen: Munksgaard, 1959), pp. 5-6. leiW. Kaiser, in Aeg. Ztschr., Vol. 84 (1959),

71H. Schaefer, in Aeg. Ztschr., Vol. 37 Coffin Texts (De Buck), II, 375ff. pp. 12224.

(1899), p. 5, Abb. 2; M. Moret, Mysteres uG. Goyon, in Kemi, Vol. 6 (1936), p. 37. 102Aelian, Hist. Animal. X, 14; T. Hopfner,

Egyptiens, pp. 308f, 313, Fig. 57. "A. Gardiner, Egypt of the Pharaohs, p. Tierkult p. Ill,

A. Badawy, in Aeg. Ztschr., Vol. 87 ( 1961 ), 151. 163J. E. S. Edwards, The Pyramids, p. 23.

p. 95. n2H. Bonnet, Reallexikon, p. 756. 104P. Kaplony, in Orientalia, Vol. 34 (1965),

73A. Gardiner, in Jnl. Egypt. Archaeol, Vol. R. P. Charles, in Revue d'Egyptologie, Vol. pp. 145f, 150.

36 (1950), pp. llf. 12 (1960), p. 17. v*Ibid., p. 153.

GeburtsKiMd., und WochenbettsT3aF. Weindler,

...darstellungen 27, 28, show (1915), Abb. 'UBP. E. Newberry,pp. 1415. The Amherst Papyri (Lonpp.16flH.5152.Junker, Giza (Vienna, 1929), Vol. 2,

distinctly.this I-II. Pap. Sp. 148, Text, 107Coffin don, 1899), Fayum

Reallexikon, Diodorus, 756. Italics added. in Hist., I, 89; Pliny, Nat. Hist., Vol. Jnl. Egypt. p. Archaeol, "bonnet, cit.54R.(1966),O. Faulkner,p. 41.

VIII, 25, 9293. U7Dr. Peters in F. Spalding, Joseph Smith 108Pyramid Text No. 476 (890).

"'The Story of the Brothers, 6:6f. as Translator, p. 28. in8S. Schott, in Aeg. Ztschr., Vol. 95 (1968),

7Calverly, Temple of Sethos Dizionario, R. V. Lanzone,12; Tav.I, Vol.xv, xvii.3, PI. U0Calverly,R. V. Lanzone,Temple Dizionario,of Sethos Tav.I, Vol.xvxviii.3, PI. p.resp.55; the quotes are from pp. 54, 62, and 61

"Horapollo, Hierogl., I, 67, in Hopfner, 12. Hbid., pp. 54, 56.

Fontes, Rites Derchain, Revelain Daniel creatures p. 589. Egyptiens, I, 25. winged and 189The P.

as 78Alexander function tions of Lycopolis, On the Manichaeans, Ezekiel 31. Plutarch, do not de Iside, 1 and 10 and

14, in Hopfner, pp. 461f. 122Herodotus, Hist. Ill, 16, the beast being messengers. Elsewhere "wings"is used in a

70Philo, De posteritate Caini, Vol. 48 (1965), equivalent to fire in that capacity. In early frankly figurative sense.

in Hopfner, Fontes, p. 167. Jewish and Christian apocrypha "the ravening 170A. Gardiner, The Chester Beatty Papyrus I

80Origen, Against Celsus, V, 39. lion"is the inexorable process by which all (British Museum, 1931), p. 25, n. 3.

Hist., in Ztschr., Brugsch, things material Aeg. Vol. H. destruction. "iDiodorus, suffer oxidation and 31 (1893),

24ff, Inst. 27f; C. Bull. "Victory Kuentz, Franc.pp. No. 531:I, 87.here the messenger is over Seth of Horus 172Pyr. Text S. Schott, (ed.

Arch. Or., Vol. 28 (1929), p. 196; L. Kakosy, p. 83), 8:49ff. both Horus and Thoth.

in Aeg. Ztschr., Vol. 90 (1963),

crocodiles,mummified X. de Gorostarzu,p. 66. Forin Coptus,24Aelian,"theyHist,reverenceanimal., X,the24 hawknoting asthattheat 173Aelian,174PseudoCallisthenes,Hist. Animal, VitaXI, 39.Alexandri, I,

Ann. Serv., Vol. 2 (1901), pp. 18284. enemy of the crocodile."708.

R2Plutarch, De sollic. anim., 23, in Hopfner, 12EHorapollo, Hierogl., I, 67, in Hopfner, 17BH. Junker, Giza, Vol. 2, p. 48; R. Anthes,

Fontes, p. 265. Strabo, Geog. XVII, 1, 809, Fontes, p. 589. in Mitt, der dt. Orientgesellschaft, Vol. 96

describes a visit to one of the sacred preserves 126AU in H. Kees, in Aeg. Ztschr., Vol. 88 (1965), p. 12.

where tourists would feed the crocodiles. (1962), pp. 31f. L. Klebs, in Aeg. Ztschr., Vol. 61 (1926),

Strabo, Geog., XVII, 1, 814. 12aaA. Piankoff, Shrines of Tutankh-amon, p. 105. MetternichStele, Sp. XIV (SanderPlutarch, Fig. Iside, 50. (Shrine No. p. 32 3). Hansen, De

Hist, 8BAelian, animal. Gardiner, 127A. protections gives thee of the Pharaohs, p. 107. 73): "Horus,... theHorus!poisonThyis counternature X, 24. Egypt

8Strabo, Geog., XVIII, i, 817. 128P. Derchain, Rites Egyptiens, I, 8. acted, the fever is destroyed."

87Plutarch, De sollic. anim., 23 (982C). 12t>H. Junker, in Aeg. Ztschr., Vol. 67 (1931), 177K. Sethe, Ramesseumpapyr., pp. 192, 182,

Coffin Texts (De Buck), II, 254. pp. 5155. The crocodile is besought to "be 194.

July 1969 111 End of an Era

My husband is one A Beehive girl approached of the few members her bishop and said, of his family who "I have been reading in the belongs to the Church. Era about the new

Life The last time we visited simplified geneallergy his family, they program. Can you tell me Among

the goodnaturedlykidded him about how moretryingaboutnot toit?"embarrassThe bishop,

Mormons much he does for the Church her, very gently explained, and doesn't get paid for it. "The word is genealogy,

"No, I don't receive any not geneallergy."

money for what I do,"After a moment of thoughtful he conceded. But, he added, hesitation, the girl

"Although the wages aren't replied, "That 's OKan too high, it's the allergy is an itch, and I am retirement plan that I'm itching to get started!"

really interested in!"-Walter F. Ririe,

Sherron—Mrs. Arnold, Rexburg, Idaho Pendleton, Oregon

"End of an Era"will pay $3 for humorous anecdotes and experiences that relate to the Latterday Saint way of life. Maximum length 150 words.

"So you have loved and Picnic: A snack in the grass. The world of God is the

lost, my boy. Too bad!"creation we behold. It is in this

"On the contrary, I came out Tenant: Why do you raise world, which no human

ahead. She returned all my rent when my room is way invention can counterfeit

my presents, and accidentally up in the attic? or alter, that God speaketh

included two from Landlord: Because you use universally to man.

another guy!"more stairs than anyone else.—Thomas Paine

is selfcentered travels... when we have finally He who

proved ourselves worthy of in very small circles.—T. Kirkwood Collins exaltation, then eternity

will be the measure of life's length; celestial glory will

be the measure of its breadth;

to be like God will be the measure of its depth.

—Elder Sterling W. Sill

112 Improvement Era LEADERSHIP

At the Deseret News Press the word "LeadThe 49 is a part of the new look in color ership"is synonymous with service. We printing at the Deseret News Press. We have

know that by bringing the latest techniques taken every step to offer our customers the in the graphic arts field to the Intermounbest for the least. If you have a full color

tain Area we can offer our customers a betjob that must be the best—remember, theter quality product with a smaller price tag. Miehle49—we at Deseret News Press will

always remember our responsibility to you,

Consistent with this philosophy is the instalour customer.

lation of the Miehle 49 4-color Sheetfed Offset Press. The 49 is the best precision

machine that money can buy. It offers quality

in full color printing that is unsurpassed. To

assure this quality, we at Deseret News Press have gone the extra mile. The 49 is a 38"x

50"press offering a printing surface double the size of any comparable press in the area. It has a special room with its own

temperature controls, its own humidity controls, and air filtering systems to take con1600 Empire Road Salt Lake City, Utah taminating dust out of the air. Telephone 801 4861892

Second Class Postage Paid at Salt Lake City, Utah

Sharing the Good Things of Life... Family happiness is sharing things together

growing together. Your Beneficial Life Consultant takes pride in serving your growing and

changing life insurance needs... including your annual 'life insurance checkup."And remember Beneficial men still follow the principles upon which the company was founded,

"to furnish life insurance at the lowest possible cost consistent with safety."... There are

growth opportunities for you... with Beneficial Life Insurance.

BENEFICIAL LITE

Q/Muiamem(Jn jTfrmpanu

Salt Lake City, Utah

.

Mi im: '* %