r.r V'

iwEGsnr *:

'Ui Ji'.WJJIl iMUJMMVJ 'y-wwuuimtxrm! WWWWMW '.JW

gmrmmimmnmmewtmtgmrm WMWWWB X aHi fTA/fUr-l-'''

SSE

i Raised From the Dead LEROI C. SNOW

The Evil of Modernism DR. ELMER G. PETERSON

Soul of Incorrigible Boy thomas r. henry

Vestiges of Ancient Cliff Dwellers frank beckwith Mental Holidays PROF. WILLARD S. ELSBREE

*S The Great Out of Doors Story—Thejames p.Brimmingsharp Cup

)i.'.i>i,i im mnaliiid ELSIE C. CARROLL

dm mmma Low Vacation Fares Now... to California

—roundtrip fares greatly reduced on sals daily May 16 until Sept. 80.

Return limit October 81. For example, to:

Los Angeles Los Angeles San Francisco San Francisco both way. Tla on* way la San FranoladirMt Tla circuit Tla Portland

8b Iranal.ao oo; r.turn til Lai V! Bano back to Salt Lak. Oltf

$40.00 $47.50 $40.00 $62.15

Proportionately low fares from all other point* In Utah,

Idaho, Montana. Stopovers anywhere.

Southern Pacific For further information call, write or phone

PRESS BANCROFT, General Agent 41 So. Main St., Salt Lake City—Phones Was. 8008—8078

OPENING DATES

FALL TERM L. D. S. Business

College

Ask for the new Catalog

L. D. S. Training Doesn't

Pays! Cost—It

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Enjoy the Advantages of this Fine New Fuel—

NATURAL GAS Ideal for HouseHeating, Cooking,

WaterHeating, Automatic Refrigeration, and Sanitary Incineration

allows you to enjoy the heating NATURAL GAS comforts and conveniences of a hotel—in your

own home, at surprisingly low cost. It releases

you from the seven or eight months'supervision of your heating plant, by entirely eliminating furnace firing. You can instantly regulate Natural Gas heat

to suit any changes in weather or personal requirements, as easily as you turn the water faucet.

And Natural Gas heat guards your health, by assuring a uniform temperature—dustless, workless, worryless!

Its conveniences are just as effective and desirable in

Cooking, Waterheating, Automatic Refrigeration and

Sanitary Incineration. Get the facts about Natural

Gas now!

'\y THE IDEAL FUEL

< i Co. GasCompany tkC CITY * SALT GasM*IM Utah45SOD1H 45 SOITH PHONE CokeWASATCH MAIN—1300 WASATCH PHO\E Sail Jenhiff City Cake liOO Wasatrh-. nnn

KAVSV\L\.tB"'nct-0/r<rf}r,honekwi'itli200 IAYTON--

VtLLE -MAGNA CENTER FARMINGTON -BOUNTIFULGas MO CompanyST.—PHONE t74 TOOELE GARFIELD--MURRAYffl"i.if/.(J'/.rC)Pft Oadea4H TWENTYFOURTH - mMi,rm<, Oytlen Serving MIDVALE - SANDY

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

STARTLING Phonograph SALE ON USED INSTRUMENTS CASH and $ 1 WEEKLY $5 Six Brand New Records Included Free Freight Paid to Your R. R. Station

1. Victor upright phonograph,

mahogany case, excellent condition $22.00

2. Columbia upright case,

mahogany, excellent condition $19.00

3. Edison upright, large size,

mahogany case, a wonderful buy $26.00

4. Bruniwick console type,

nearly new, mahogany case $37.00

5. Victor console, mahogany

ease, a wonderful buy $39.00

6. Columbia upright case,

walnut $17.00

7. Kimball console type, mahogany case,

a very wonderful $0Q f\(\ instrument DO.UU

8. Mandril upright, oak case,

a good buy $19.00

9. Victor console, mahogany,

wonderful buy $36.00

10. Edison console, large size,

original price $350.00,

walnut case $49.00

11. Sonora console, mahogany case,

thoroughly modern $PQ Oft instrument 5t)*/.UU

12. Victor console, mahogany,

beautiful design $36.00

13. Columbia console, modern (PQQ AA

instrument, mahogany case tDOO.vrv/

14. Brunswick console, mahoganycase, a real COO OO beauty DOt/.UU

15. Artophone, consolette tvpe,

new latc t ''.!%S!., $59.00

Choice To Insure Selection UTuBr T0u3]f

DAYNESBEEBE MUSIC CO.

Salt Lake City, Utah

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA r 9 ff IMPROVEMENT ERA SEPTEMBER, 1929 Pres. Heber J. Grant Hugh J. Cannon

Editor.Associate Editor

Melvin J. Ballard, Business Manager

Organ of the Priesthood Quorums, the Young Men's

Mutual Improvement Associations and the Schools of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints

Exchange Building, Palmyra, New York Frontispiece - 879 The Book of Mormon Raised from the Dead LeRoi C. Snow 881

SunRise on Mt. Timpanogos - Lowell Biddulph 886

- Dr. Elmer G. Peterson 887 The Evil of Modernism

Prospective Tobacco Legislation - 897 - Dr. Franklin S. Harris 898 Lessons from Common Things

The Power of Faith William A. Morton 899

- Hugh J. Cannon 900 Hard Times Come Again No More

Not in Vain. A Poem - O. F. Ursenbach 902...

Wooden Cross Bares Soul of Most Incorrigible

Boy Thomas R. Henry 903

Advice to M. I, A. Workers—and Others James H. Anderson 907

Vestiges of the ancient Cliff Dwellers at Mesa, Verde

National Park Illustrated Frank Beckwith 910 impressions Derrah B. Van Dyke 918

Joseph smith at Nauvoo Illustrated Harold H. Jenson 919

- Willard S. Elsbree 923 Mental Holidays

- Mary D. Martineau 927 The Rockies, a Poem

When Jed Met the Comanches Carter E. Grant 928

PreRequisite. A Poem Bertha A. Kleinman 935

- James P. Sharp 93 6 The Great Out of Doors

Elsie C. Carroll 941 The Brimming Cup. A Story

The Highest Beauty. A Poem Ray M. Williams 947

Messages from the Missions. Illustrated 949

What are We Going to Do About It? Dr. J. H. Paul 954

- 955 Editor's Table—"Mormons"Contribute to World Movements

Priesthood Quorums 957 Mutual Work 958

Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah, as secondclass matter. Acceptance,

for mailing at special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, Act of October, 1917, authorized on July 2, 1918.

Manuscripts submitted without the statement, "At usual rates,"are considered fret contributions. Photographs, unless their return is especially requested, will be destroyed.

Published monthly at Salt Lake City; S2 per annum. Address: Room 406 Church

Office Building.

TOR'S ANNOUNCEMENTS

Raised from the Dead, the leading substance, unknown to most persons, article in this number, is an amazing life would cease to exist. Dr. Frankaccount of the death and restoration lin S. Harris tells us what Chlorophyll

of a young woman of Brigham City. is in his article "Lessons From ComAccording to the testimony, she was mon Things."

recalled to life by the power of the Flaming Youth on the Job makes

Priesthood. This story is verified by some excellent suggestions to youngnumerous witnesses whose word can people of both sexes who are ambitiousnot be questioned. Among those who to obtain a college education but whoparticipated in the remarkable occurlack the necessary means.

rence was President Rudger Clawson, of the Council of the Twelve. His A story for boys, though many

version of this event, briefly referred adult readers will find it very interestto in this article, is given in much ing, is found under the title of "The greater detail in the next number, when Great Out of Doors."by James P.

the concluding part of the story will Sharp. It is a graphic description of

appear. The author of this story is a wild horse roundup of a generation

LeRoi C. Snow. ago.

A story of unusual interest will be Mental Holidays by Prof. Willard

found in this number, under the title S. Elsbree of Columbia University, fits

"The Btimming Cup,"by Elsie C. well with the plan of the M. I. A. for

Carroll. It will make some hardthe "wholesome use of leisure time."

working wives appreciate, more than When Jed Met the Comanches is athey have hitherto done, the homely continuation of the Western historyblessings which are theirs. It will.

series, by Carter E. Grant. In thistoo, give to husbands the point of

story the author tells of the travels andview of the wife which so many of death of that intrepid scout and exthem, unfortunately, do not have.

plorer, Jed S. Smith.

Vestiges of the Ancient Cliff DwellAn illustrated article, Joseph Smithers of the Mesa Verde National Park, at Nauvoo, gives us a glimpse of theby Frank Beckwith, calls attention in life in a mannera graphic and interesting manner to great leader's home which will stimulate interest in thissome of the wonders which we know important subject.

all too little.

Elder James H. Anderson's advice Would you like to read a really to M. I. A. workers and others contouching experience? Then read tains much valuable material. It can"Wooden Cross Bares Soul of Most be read and reread with profit by all Incorrigible Boy,"found in this issue. who hold or are likely to hold posiIt shows that even the most hardened tions as speakers or leaders. And that,boys can be touched if we but find in this Church, means practically

the proper means of approach. everybody.

Always a clear, logical thinker, and Dr. George H. Brimhall is unusually

with ability to express his thoughts. gifted with the power to say a great

Dr. Elmer G. Peterson, of the Utah deal in a few words. Because of this

Agricultural College, contributes "The gift, the Era repeats his recent talk over

Evil in Modernism"to this number. KSL, under the heading "Mutual Hour

In this article he discusses modern tenon the Radio."Its thoughtful perdencies in an instructive manner. usal will give to all a broader compreWhat is Clorophyll? Without this hension of what our slogan means.

foe E>olk of fotmon |

& During the night of September 21, 1823, Joseph Smith sought * the Lord in fervent prayer. The angel Moroni appeared and gave

him comfort and instruction. Among other things he told the

i youthful supplicant of a book written upon gold plates which were deposited in a nearby hill. The following day the young man y

visited this place and was shown the hidden treasures by the angelic messenger. After four years of waiting, September 22, 1827, this

& holy record was delivered to him, and he translated it through the

X gift and power of God. The Book of Mormon is a "light that

shineth in darkness, but the darkness comprehendeth it not."In the r

heart of every serious reader, it inspires faith, awakens reverence for J y the Almighty and devotion to righteousness, illuminates the past and y reveals much that is to come. It is a holy book.

* I The following are a few gems taken from its sacred pages:

"And it came to pass that I, Nephi, said unto my father: I will

go and do the things which the Lord hath commanded, for I know & the Lord giveth no commandment unto the children of men, save he shall prepare a way for them that they may accomplish the thing r? which he commandeth them."I Nephi, 3:7.

X "Adam fell that men might be; and men are, that they might

have joy."2 Nephi, 2:25.

I | &. "For my soul delighteth in plainness; for after this manner &

r doth the Lord God work among the children of men. For the Lord

? God giveth light unto the understanding; for he speaketh unto men?

? according to their language, unto their understanding."2 Nephi, V

31:3. "Yea, and as often as my people repent will I forgive them their trespass against me."Mosiah, 26:30.

"But behold, if ye will awake and arouse your faculties, even to an experiment upon my words, yea, even if ye can no more than 2 desire to believe, let this desire work in you, even until ye believe in j a manner that ye can give place for a portion of my words. Now, y

y we will compare the word unto a seed. Now, if ye give place that

a seed may be planted in your heart, behold if it be a true seed, or a & good seed, if ye do not cast it out by your unbelief, that ye will resist & the spirit of the Lord, behold it will begin to swell within your c breasts; and when you feel these swelling motions, ye will begin to )

? say within must needs be that this is a good seed, or? yourselves—It

j that the word is good, for it beginneth to enlarge my soul; yea, it V

\ beginneth to enlighten my understanding, yea, it beginneth to be delicious to me,"Alma, 32:27, 28. &

Photo by John D. Giles.

The exchange Building in Palmyra, new York. Where the Book of Mormon

was Printed, is the Building on the Further side of the Gabel Roof.

Improvement Era

1Vol. XXXII SEPTEMBER, 1929 No.

Raised from the Dead I. A.By LeRoi C. Snow, of the General Board of Y. M. M.

INTRODUCTION: These are the people who participated most prominently in

the following remarkable experience, now published for the first time:

LORENZO SNOW was the fifth president of the Church.

ELLA JENSEN, now Mrs. Henry Wight, living in Juniper, Idaho. She is fiftyeight years of age, the mother of eight children, six of whom are now living, and

has six grandchildren.

JACOB and ALTHEA JENSEN, Ella's parents, and her Uncle HANS JENSEN, all of Brigham City, Utah, and all now dead.

RUDGER CLAWSON, of Salt Lake City and president of the Council of Twelve.

LEAH REES, now Mrs. Wilford Recder. of Brigham City.

MRS. HATTIE CRITCHLOW JENSEN, of Salt Lake City and Los Angeles, now

on a visit to Palestine.

ALPHONZO H. SNOW, of Salt Lake City, father of little ALPHIE, who died at

six years of age.

story, true in every particular, shows the fulfillment ofTHIS a prophecy made upon the head of Lorenzo Snow when he was a young man, twentytwo years of age. At that time

he received a patriarchal blessing, under the hands of the Prophet's father, Joseph Smith, Sen. This blessing was given in the Kirtland

Temple. Among other things were these promises:

"Thou shalt become a mighty man. Thy faith shall increase

shaltand grow stronger until it shall become like Peter's—thou

restore the sick; the diseased shall send to thee their aprons and

handkerchiefs and by thy touch their owners shall be made whole.

The dead shall rise and come forth at thy bidding."

For several long weeks Ella Jensen had lingered, almost between life and death, with scarlet fever. In order to relieve the

tired parents from their weary hours of loving care, kind neighbors took turns in staying at the Jensen home over night to help look after the sick girl.

Among these thoughtful friends was Leah Recs (now Mrs.

Wilford Reeder of Brigham City). She occasionally played the

little, oldfashioned harmonium and sang for Ella's entertainment.

This particular evening the sick girl became very much worse. Leah

had come about eight o'clock to remain until about eight the next

Sept.. 1929882 IMPROVEMENT ERA

morning. Ella was so weak that she could hardly speak above a

whisper. "Ella asked me to sing and play for her,"Leah says, "but, goodness, I was so worried about her condition, I felt more like crying. I sat down at the organ

and began to play and sing but broke down and had to quit."

After Ella had gone to sleep, Leah lay down on a couch in the room, and also gft"dropped off to sleep. \ Makes Preparations to Die

/ "'Vt continues with her LEAH own story: "About three

or four o'clock in the morning

I was suddenly awakened by Ella calling me. I hurried to

her bed. She was all excited

and asked me to get the comb, brush and scissors, explaining that she wanted to brush her hair and trim her finger nails and get all ready, 'for,'she said,;,N 'they are coming to get me at

ten o'clock in the morning.'

ELLA JENSEN "I asked who was coming to get her. 'Uncle Hans Jensen,'she replied, 'and the messengers.

I am going to die and they are coming at ten o'clock to get me and take me away.'I tried to quiet her, saying that she would

feel better in the morning if she would try to sleep. 'No,'she

said, 'I am not going to sleep any more, but spend all the time getting ready.'She insisted that I get the comb, hairbrush and

scissors, which I did, but she was so weak that she could not use them. "As I was brushing her hair, she asked me to call her parents.

I explained that they were tired and asleep and that it would be better not to disturb them. 'Yes,'Ella replied, 'you must call

them. I want to tell them now.'

"The parents were called and as they entered, the room the daughter told them that her Uncle Hans, who was dead, had suddenly appeared in the room, while she was awake, with her eyes open, and told her that messengers would be there at ten o'clock to conduct her into the spirit world. The father and mother

Sept., 1929 RAISED FROM THE DEAD 883

feared that the girl was delirious and tried to get her to be quiet and go to sleep. She knew their thoughts and said: 'I know what

I am talking about. No, I am not going to sleep any more. I

know I am going to die and that they are coming to get me.'

At about eight o'clock Leah left the house, realizing that the sick girl was gradually sinking. The father and mother remained at

the bedside. Relatives and friends who had heard of Ella's sudden

relapse came to see her.

Pronounced Dead

ten o'clock, Uncle Jake, the father, who was holdingTOWARDS his daughter's hand, felt the pulse become very weak. A few

moments later he turned to his wife saying: "Althea, she is dead,

her pulse has stopped."The heartbroken parents wept and grieved

at the loss of their beautiful daughter.

Jacob Jensen, Ella's father, and uncle of the writer of this article, was familiarly known to the people of Brigham City as "Uncle Jake."

Here are his own words to me:

"Ella had been sick for several weeks. She awoke one morning

with the idea that she was about to die, and told us that her Uncle

Hans had appeared in her room and said he was coming for her that morning. We kind of put her off and told her we thought

WHAT REMAINS TODAY OF THE OLD JACOB JENSEN HOME IN BRIGHAM CITY. The InCIDENT OF THIS STORY OCCURRED IN THE ROOM AT THE RIGHT.

t.. 1929884 IMPROVEMENT ERA s,P

she must have been dreaming and not to pay much attention to it, to go to sleep and she would feel better in the morning; but she

said: 'No, I know I am going, because he told me he would be

here for me at ten o'clock in the morning.'

"She wanted to see all the folks and bid them goodbye. All

who were near came in, all but Grandma Jensen. She was in town

and I sent for her. She arrived just when the others of us had said

goodbye. Ella put her arms around her grandmother's neck and

kissed her goodbye. It was not more than a minute after that

when her pulse stopped and she passed away. I was holding her

hand and felt her pulse stop.

"We talked the matter over and wondered what we should do

I told my wife that I would go to town, more than a mile from home, and see President Snow, tell him about her death and have him arrange for the funeral.

"I went out to the barn, hitched up, and drove to the tabernacle where your father, President Lorenzo Snow, whom we all loved so much, was in meeting. I went into the vestry, behind the main

hall, wrote a note and had it sent to your father, who was speaking to the congregation. When the note was placed upon the

pulpit, President Snow stopped his talking, read the note and then explained to the Saints that it was a call to visit some people who were in deep sorrow and asked to be excused.

"President Snow came into the vestry and after I told him what had happened he meditated a moment or two and then said:

'I will go down with you.'Just as we were about to leave, President Snow stopped me, saying: 'Wait a moment, I wish you

would go into the meeting and get Brother Clawson, I want him to go also.'President Clawson was then president of the Box

Elder stake."(President Rudger Clawson is now president of the

Council of Twelve and lives in Salt Lake City.)

Priesthood of God Steps in WENT in and got him and took them both down to my home,

I about a mile and a half south of Brigham City. We went into

the house. My wife and children were there. After standing at

Ella's bedside for a minute or two, President Snow asked if we had any consecrated oil in the house. I was greatly surprised, but

told him yes and got it for him. He handed the bottle of oil to

Brother Clawson and asked him to anoint Ella. Your father was

then mouth in confirming the anointing.

"During the administration I was particularly impressed with some of the words which he used and can well remember them now.

He said: 'Dear Ella, I command you, in the name of the Lord, Jesus

S'pt1929 RAISED FROM THE DEAD 885

Christ, to come back and live, your mission is not ended. You

shall yet live to perform a great mission.'

"He said she should yet live to rear a large family and be a comfort to her parents and friends. I well remember these words."

President Rudger Clawson relates his experiences and after telling of Brother Jensen's coming to the meeting house toward the close of the morning session and being invited by President Snow to go along, says:

"As we entered the home we met Sister Jensen, who was very much agitated and alarmed. We came to Ella's bedside and were

impressed by the thought that her spirit had passed out of the body and gone beyond.

A Call Heard Beyond the Veil ''TPURNING to me President Snow said: 'Brother Clawson, will

"you anoint her,'which I did. We then laid our hands upon

her head and the anointing was confirmed by President Snow, who blessed her and among other things, used this very extraordinary expression, in a commanding tone of voice. 'Come back, Ella, come

back. Your work upon the earth is not yet completed, come back.'

Shortly afterward we left the home."

Uncle Jake, Ella's father, continues his account: "After President Snow had finished the blessing, he turned to my wife and me

and said; 'Now do not mourn or grieve any more. It will be all

right. Brother Clawson and I are busy and must go, we cannot

stay, but you just be patient and wait, and do not mourn, because it will be all right.'

As already stated, it was ten o'clock in the morning when

Ella died. It was towards noon when Jacob Jensen reported to

President Snow at the tabernacle service, and not long after twelve o'clock, noon, when President Snow and President Clawson left the home after the administration.

Uncle Jake says that he and his wife remained at the bedside.

The news of the death spread about the city. Friends continued

to call at the home, express their sympathy to the sorrowing parents and leave. Continuing in Uncle Jake's words:

"Ella remained in this condition for more than an hour after

President Snow administered to her, or more than three hours inall after she died. We were sitting there watching by the bedside,

her mother and myself, when all at once she opened her eyes. Slr

looked about the room, saw us sitting there, but still looked for someone else, and the first thing she said was: Where is he? Where

886 IMPROVEMENT ERA s.Pt.,i9Z9

is he?'We asked, 'Who? Where is who?''Why, Brother Snow,'

she replied. 'He called me back.'

Unwilling to Come Back EXPLAINED that Brother Snow and Brother ClawsonWEwere very busy and could not remain, that they had gone.

Ella dropped her head back on the pillow, saying: 'Why did he call

me back? I was so happy and did not want to come back.'

Then Ella Jensen began to relate her marvelous experiences, marvelous both as to the incidents themselves, and as to the great number of them that occurred in the short space of between three and four hours.

Hattie Critchlow (now Aunt Hattie Jensen, who is visiting

Europe and the Holy Land as a birthday present from her lawyer sons in Los Angeles) was a young lady at the time of this story.

She and a group of girl friends were on the street in Brigham City when word came to them of Ella's death. Ella was one of their

associates. They decided immediately to go to the home to express

their sympathy and to offer their help to the bereaved parents.

As they reached the home they saw a lot of people in the house, but instead of expressions of sorrow and grief, they saw surprise and happiness in their faces. They entered the house and were

astonished to hear Ella's voice. They had arrived just after Ella

had returned to life and had begun the wondrous story of her visit to the eternal world.

(The conclusion to this remarkable story will be found in the October Era)

"SunRise On Mt. Timpanogos"

(Written near the top on morning of June 26. 1927)

Softly and quietly the veil of darkness lifted, and wistful, dancing rays of light penetrated the gray dawn. Mountain peaks came to view dimly across

the rocky canyon and stood out like carved images in the silent morn. Birds

began to chirp and twitter as a morning breeze rustled the leaves on the mountain side.

As I turned to the east a glowing mist appeared above the fardistant peaks, radiating its mystic, colorful rays into the newborn day. I watched

it as it gained its strength and flooded the eastern sky. rising majestically and

dashing its tints and colors upon the foamy clouds. Then out of its bed.

all soft and fluffy, jumped the sun, beaming radiantly upon the world. The

flowers and the trees reverently turned their faces to greet the morn.

With the break of day came life and joy; the world once more was on its

way of happiness and toil, until night should come again and hide the drooping heads in peace and quiet and rest. Lowell Biddulph.

The Evil in Modernism By Dr. Elmer G. Peterson, President of Utah

Agricultural College (O INCE Mr. Morgan, some years ago, testified that character was

Sn) the greatest collateral, it has become more generally recognized that our ultimate security depends more upon our integrity than upon tangible assets. We all are interested in a most important

way not only in the output of our mines, factories and farms as representing the fluid wealth of our communities; we are even more

interested in the development of personal and social moral quality.

The mounting statistics of crime are not more significant than the loosening of those moral restraints which cannot always be designated legally as crime, but which stimulate and lead up to crime itself. The attempt to explain these manifestations of our new

attitude as an expression of industrialization following our essentially agricultural life does in part explain, but does not condone.

Morals in these important ways do not change. A just man thinks

today as did a just man a thousand years ago. Honesty does

not change. Neither does charity or love. Lust is lust always and

greed is always greed.

The president of the United States has recently given us an engineer's judgment that we are suffering not from a flurry of crime, but from a "subsidence of our foundations."When an engineer

uses this term he uses the most terrifying designation at his command. For foundations to subside is for all to be in jeopardy.

President Hoover, let it be remembered, is among the least poetic of our presidents. He speaks from the blue prints and specifications

when he says that life and property are less safe in America than in any other place in the civilized world.

We are properly proud of our civilization. Since Galileo in

the sixteenth century went up to the top of the Leaning Tower of Pisa and dropped his weights in order to demonstrate the law of falling bodies and of motion and to deny the validity of ancient records which had guided the thinking of civilized mankind for hundreds of years, we have advanced very far in our conquest of the forces of nature. Our ancestors, ignorant of the nature and operation

of natural law, were held down in dread of these forces and as a result engaged in monstrous social and personal practices because of superstition and fear. We have emerged from this period into

the period of free thinking unhampered by false authority. It is

most interesting to note how progress has proceeded along different sepl.. 1929888 IMPROVEMENT ERA

lines in essential harmony, although at different times. While

Copernicus, Galileo and Newton were establishing the foundations of modern science and discrediting the accepted scientific authority of their time, Luther, "the father of Protestant civilization,"and

Voltaire were breaking away from the religious authority of Rome, and England was setting up the beginnings of free government by destroying the authority of kings. All these great movements were

expressions of the passion of people for freedom, the most priceless of our human inheritances.

A Morally Reliant Citizenship freedom, priceless as it is, has given way in recent years inBUT important places in civilization to autocracy because the abuses of freedom have become too burdensome for the people to bear.

Italy, probably the best example, has been resurrected from what appeared to be certain disaster by abandoning the free institutions which, it is important to remember, were born 714 years ago, when the barons of England forced King John, on June 15, 1215, to sign Magna Charta, the original charter of all our modern liberties.

We may well ask in America if we are not approaching a time when we too shall be forced to resort to new methods to curb the increasingly intolerable disrespect for law and the abuse of freedom which manifests itself in every walk of life. We will not, I think,

in America agree that our institutions based upon Magna Charta and embodied in our Constitution and Declaration of Independence shall ever be abridged. We shall prefer to regulate our freedom

rather than abandon it. This means that we must build up, by

processes of education, an informed citizenship and a morally reliant citizenship sufficient voluntarily to deny itself liberties which lead to disorder. And this is no small task.

It may be profitable to analyze for a few minutes some of the aspects of our life because along with its virtues there are many defects in our civilization which it would be unwise, indeed needlessly foolish, not to recognize.

This is the age of science. "Tested thought"rules the civilized

portion of the world as completely as our ancestors a thousand years ago depended upon signs and portents or the word of authority to guide them. Civilized humanity, as has been so completely shown

in recent writings, is dedicated to science because "science is getting for us the things we need."It is ridding our children of diphtheria

and dozens of other diseases, either directly by injection of a curative substance or indirectly by prevention; it is through machinery producing in mass an abundance of food and clothing within the reach

of all; through processes of preservation and by means of transportaSept.. 1929 THE EVIL IN MODERNISM 889

tion from regions of plenty to regions of want, it is eliminating famine; it is establishing control over pests and animal diseases and

floods, thus measurably eliminating the disasters which make up a larger part of the record of human struggle. Science is transporting

us with amazing speed as we do our work over the surface of the earth, over the seas, and in the air. It is bringing music and information to our firesides by radio. The application of science to

industry has raised the socalled standard of living to a level unheard of before in world history. Particularly in America but measurably

also in northern Europe and in other regions such as Canada,

Australia and similar areas, which have been most influenced by modern civilization, the working man is receiving a comparatively high wage, and has the opportunity, for the first time in the history of the world, of giving his children food, clothing, education and recreation. In America common laborers today frequently live much

better than princes of old as far as material comfort is concerned.

Mr. Hoover in his "bread and butter"speech at Newark, N. J.,

last fall brought out the fact that American labor, skilled and unskilled, receives in "bread and butter"values, expressable of course in other values, from about double to eight times as much as labor in other civilized countries. This is but one expression of the very

great benefits accruing from American freedom, inventive genius, initiative, natural resources, free and general education, and a public opinion and conscience untrammeled by national hatreds and by decadent social customs. The wealth of America expressing itself

in roads, automobiles, home plumbing, refrigeration apparatus, and other home conveniences and in per capita consumption of necessities and luxuries, in general in a material standard of living, so far transcends all other countries as to be considered almost miraculous.

Change in Economic Practices the problem of American industry has come to be, howINDEED to dispose of the surplus wealth and production. Factories and

farms are producing more than we can consume. This overproduction is all in all one of the most astounding developments of

history. We are trying to meet the situation by developing installment buying, shorter hours and fewer days of labor a week. Some

of the important old economic practices, if not indeed what we thought were principles, are threatened,with nullification. We

are told by one of the greatest industrial leaders that, "No one who ever amounted to anything ever saved money."Economics is forcing employers to give and give. They are being forced to charge as

small a profit as possible and pay as high a wage as possible; twentyfive years ago they proposed just the opposite. "Get wealth into

Sep,.. 19Z9890 IMPROVEMENT ERA

the hands of consumers!"is the distress cry of American industry.

Are we not being ushered by processes of trade into a millennium where it will be "better to give than to receive"and where we will "take no thought for raiment?"Before we know it we may, in

utter selfdefense, be doing unto others as we would that others should do unto us. The kingdom of heaven may be in the offing.

So as a result of all this we have become worshipers of science and the investment today in education and research mounts into the hundreds of millions each year as we try to extend the field of knowledge and thus reap further rewards for ourselves.

But along with antitoxin, automobiles, highways, aeroplanes, radio, educational institutions, abundant food and clothing, libraries, parks, and leisure time, we hear with irritating frequency of banditry, corruption in public office, bootlegging, growing addiction to narcotics and other drugs, lowgrade contemporary literature and music, a stage almost devoid of virtue, an almost total absence of really great art, a flood of movie productions, barring a few admirable exceptions,, fearfully sterile of thought or beauty, news stands which fester with diseased material, vulgar or stupid or both almost beyond belief, increasing divorce, lowering birth rate, companionate marriage, a coarsening of the relationship between men and women, open advocacy of experimental selection of mates on the ground of satisfaction of lust, and a general breakdown of sex restraint, a restraint which is admittedly the foundation of the family and the home.

To Elevate Business business itself which is the altar at which America and theAND civilized world are coming to worship is not free from concern. Ethical business is undoubtedly a "civilizing process"but

there is current complaint that too large a portion of business is still unethical. We are striving through civic clubs and similar organizations to elevate business. The motives represented in these activities are most worthy, superficial as much of the activity is, because they represent or at least try to represent organized mercantile

conscience. Individual initiative on the part of good men in the

aggregate of course far transcends these organized efforts. Yet, in

spite of such efforts, there is a strong opinion that fakery and injustice still play a large part in modern business. We have seen

corruption displayed in big business through recent investigations.

Undoubtedly for one culprit exposed there are a hundred who escape detection.

And a lesser but very pernicious manifestation of evil shows itself in our advertisements. Read any popular magazine. Drugs

of doubtful value, at most only semireputable remedies, various

Sept., 1929 THE EVIL IN MODERNISM 891

pastes and other forms of toilet preparations whose values are grossly misrepresented, misrepresented foods, mouth washes ridiculously exploited, tobacco, drinks, stomach reducers, and obviously absurd educational proposals, to mention only a few of the commodities and devices which fill our magazines, stare us in the face.

At almost every turn of the highway we are confronted with utterly false exposition of the virtue of cigarettes. Often such advertisements try to accomplish their objects by an inference colorfully

illustrating what they know would be impossible to say frankly without arousing indignation. Many of them are an offense to

common honesty. Every intelligent smoker of cigarettes must be

embarrassed by the guilty feeling that he is a party to the cigarette propaganda. To be sure there are many notices about such necessities as automobiles, reliable foods, machinery, building equipment

and clothing, many of these, however, containing obvious misstatements directly or inferentially misrepresenting the commodity in comparison with competitor articles. There is of course a recognized element of unconscious humor in these statements and as a

result we do not take them too seriously. But one wonders if it is

necessary, in order to sell a soap, to try to convince the public that it produces a good complexion or a mouth wash that its antiseptic qualities eliminate mouth and stomach odors, neither of which is at all true. Yet millions of dollars each year are spent in trying to

perpetrate these and similar deceits. It is surprising to note the

number of notices which relate to needless, superficial or vicious products, catering to ignorance, false appetite, habit or vanity. Many

are misleading, unethical or fraudulent.

Run the scale on your radio some night and try to determine the proportion which has merit. It will be surprisingly low. There

are a few genuine presentations such as the Damrosch orchestra and interpretations, some excellent sermons and addresses, and of course there is a good lot of dependable subject matter. But the

bulk of the material is obviously for a very coarse appetite and much of it particularly obtrusive advertising. The other night, unawares, we tuned in, a mixed company of us, on a disrobing scene

in an artist's studio. The sex notes of alarm and the loud ecstatic

breathing of the participants carried very clearly over the air.

The Good Still Predominates it be admitted and emphasized that with all the evil whichLET critics and pessimists may search out in the operations of modern business, it is unbelievable that the evil transcends the good. We

have, furthermore, year by year the opportunity to educate ourselves out of the use of the inferior or worthless and thus eliminate

Sept.. 1 9 29 892 IMPROVEMENT ERA

it by selecting the superior both in goods and in processes. One cure

for such evil is perfect freedom to express itself. What is emphasized

here is that there is a large admixture of evil in the probably larger good which civilization is bringing us. While we have produced an

advanced mechanical civilization, we have fallen far behind in the development of a culture to correspond.

An American magazine states: "What idea can the unfortunate

young people of today have of ancient polish and refinement? So

extensive is the deterioration of society, so deleterious the consequences of abounding established system, that even the well intentioned know not how to conduct themsleves. Our manners have

been left to choke themselves with their own wild growth till they have shot into the exuberance of rudeness."

This is not a quotation from a current number of the magazine; it is a statement published in the North American Review in

its first issue of May, 1815. It may appear at first that our outcry

is needless; past generations have been criticized the same as ours, and

they have come through their socalled depravity triumphantly. But

have they? The quotation of 1815 merely suggests that our problems are not new and that change has always alarmed us. Wisely

so, because change may be good or bad and each generation must select the good if it can. The process of "going to the devil"has

apparently been a neverending one. It is not necessary to be a

believer in a dismal future for the race to believe that the wastage in human material is and always has been tragically great. And "going

to the devil"has unfortunately actually been a rather large part of the activity of every generation; and emphatically so of our own

because our own has greater facilities for reaching that destination quickly. We can go there by automobile or aeroplane today while

our ancestors had to walk or be pulled slowly by oxteam or horses.

The breakdown in social and personal standards and the measure of evil which is in business may be overemphasized by the observers who are writing of it. The difficulties which we encounter

in international relations, often revealing hypocrisy and deceit on the most monumental scale, may be but an expression of human

1weakness indicating the status of our progress and not so much, as

It must, however, be admany believe, of national wickedness.

mitted, no matter how we seek to minimize these symptoms, that there are many causes for grave apprehension.

Science Destroys Kingcraft and Priestcraft cannot be held guilty of causing this visitation of fraud,SCIENCE this riot in the name of freedom. Science may only be properly

S'i"- * THE EVIL IN MODERNISM 893

associated with these conditions on the ground that science destroyed the authority which previously had been assumed by kings and priests and thereby released men's minds from obedience to any outer authority. The story of this connection between the development

of science and education and the destruction of kingcraft and priestcraft is a, long story and has been detailed for us many times.

It may be sufficient to say, what is now so generally understood that these twin evils always fought science and education because the business of kings and priests was to think for the people and not allow the people to think for themselves. For that reason

they fought freedom. The development of freedom and the resultant development of education and science inevitably ended the rule

of king and priest. When science revealed that blessings could be

secured by men through their own efforts and research, men abandoned kings and priests.

It is probably all working out as it was planned, and the world will arrive at its great destiny in due time in spite of these obstructions. In the meantime we are justified in refusing to join in the

worship of modernism as it expresses itself in, evil. It is defensible

to believe that there is more downright good in the world today than ever before and at the same time object to including in this benediction the host of demagogues preaching that it is all progress which we witness today, or the intellectuals whose souls are burnt out by vanity, or the mere money changers who clutter up the temple of modern life and science with their cheap wares and offend with their loud debasing the great processes of shouting—prostituteseconomics to the ends of greed. There are great business men among

us, so great indeed that they will go down in history, some of them, with the major statesmen, prophets, scientists and poets. These men

are helping greatly in making over modern life for us. They are

sanctifying business because of their very great sincerity. And every

community has its valiant little quota of upright men who in the aggregate make up the real army of the Lord, fighting each day an honest battle more significant than any Hastings or Waterloo or

Marne. But while still so large a group of camp followers are trailing

after the army of progress, let us recognize them as such.

The measure of degeneracy which we now have reached indicates that our civilization like a dread serpent is turning upon itself and sinking its fangs into its own writhing body. The World War

is rather complete evidence of this; the international jealousy which

exists eleven years after the war, in spite of the noble efforts expressed in recent treaties, is evidence that the nations merely await another opportunity to test their power. These treaties when you come to

think of it should greatly embarrass us; they say among other things

894 IMPROVEMENT ERA **.. 1929

that murder is disavowed as a national process. That we should

find it necessary to say this solemnly in a treaty is evidence enough that our international standards are those of the wolf. This avowal

by the nations is equivalent to asking a private citizen to forego burglary or personal assault as a recognized process of citizenship.

In international affairs in practice we completely deny the reality and the potency of spiritual law. The biological sciences

and chemistry which have taught us to be healthy, by revealing the secrets of physiology and of foods, have at the same time taught us to be sterile. Deliberate sterility by the socalled superior people

is resulting in the world being peopled with the offspring of the socalled inferior. The automobile has become the most effective

instrument of vice criminals have ever had. Our command of the

very sciences which produced curative and preventive medicine and surgery and gave us a mastery in manufacturing and transportation, is preparing poisonous gas, liquid fire, war machines for use in the air, and possibly physical and chemical forces even more terribly destructive, and will, if some unforeseen transformation does not take place, effect the suicide of our civilization.

Civilization Victim of an Old Disease

TC* DUCATIONAL institutions are not immune from the wither- **-* ing effects of this new propaganda. It is not uncommon to hear

expressions from educators in advocacy of doctrines which cannot be designated as other than evil. Such degeneration which manifests

itself in the world often indeed parades as advanced thought. It

parades as the new freedom in advocacy of indulgence in any form necessary in achieving what is called "selfexpression."Strip these

practices of the adornment of modern knowledge and they are as

Sodom or Babylon or Rome. In these respects civilization is merely

becoming the victim of an old disease; it is not subscribing to a

higher ideal. This expression of modernism scorns the idea of

God except as a vague and impersonal force to whom or which we owe no allegiance. Prayer is considered by very many an indefensible

manifestation or superstition. Only the rational and scientific are

considered good form. We seem to be in the clutches of a huge

Cyclops of science of our own creation which threatens to crush the art, the poetry and the religion out of us.

In this age of precision instruments and methods we tend to discredit or ignore what cannot be measured or in some way tested. The length and width of disease organisms is

now known to a micron and their action on our bodies measured in terms of temperature, pulse and blood count; the

effect of the movement of the electron has been seen and meas- s*pt.. 1929 THE EVIL IN MODERNISM 895

ured; our intelligence is tested and put down as a definite

figure on a scale running from brilliance to stupidity; the test tube

measures and pictures the nature of chemical reactions in terms of colors, odors, crystals, nature of filtrate and residue, and a variety of other definitely determinable reactions; the Petri dish pictures

microscopic life for us in definite colonial form. Our weight should

be so many pounds if our height is so many inches and our age so many years. The barometer, thermometer and speedometer tell us

without guessing of pressure, temperature and speed. Our obedience

to them is implicit; if something went wrong with our thermometer

and it registered summer heat in the winter, our fidelity would prompt us to discard our coats and walk out blithely in straw hats and light linen. We have almost convinced ourselves that we

are not sick unless one or more of the multitude of tests reveals it, no matter how we suffer. It is all good unless we decide that that

which cannot be measured does not exist. So far we have no instruments or formulas to measure or express courage, fear, faith, tensity,

hope, devotion, sacrifice, charity and love. And these do exist

although they are beyond the reach of calipers. These indeed are

the greater essentials of human life.

No Scientific Means of Finding God

A ND we have no telescopes, microscopes, spectroscopes, microm- *- eters, Binet tests or chemical analyses to find God. We do not

know how far we are from the discovery of anything even approaching the real essence or nature of life. In spite of our monstrous

conceit and vanity, we know as little of the nature of life "as the insect knows of the printed page across which it walks."To plan

our personal and social actions including our morals entirely on the basis of our "tested"knowledge is therefore the most outrageous stupidity. Yet that is exactly what is being attempted. Charity

indeed is now organized and with philanthropy has become big business, not, however, without serious question as to its effectiveness. And witness, for instance, the attempt to put sex, procreation

and love among the "things"which should be measured out.

Women are becoming merchandise, garbed and painted for sale, the methods varying little from the advertisements of the body lines and duco on cars shown in our display rooms. We seek to control

the maternal instinct of a peasant woman, in the name falsely of a higher standard of living which means frequently only a greater measure of indulgence, as we measure out vitamines and calories for her family. Such scientific vanity would have denied to the father

and mother of Steinmetz the right to have borne the deformed son whose life has added glory to the name or man. Recently we have

Sept.. 1929896 IMPROVEMENT ERA

witnessed the spectacle of a cocksure biologist attempting to subject a major state university and the ideals of the people it represented to formula. This young university president quickly discovered

that the people who had built the university and who demanded that it conform to their standard had emotions, racial ideals, instincts and religious conceptions, whether true or false, which they refused to have measured and tested by what they thought were imperfect methods.

A New Testament Civilization can be done to keep men and women, and particularlyWHAT our youth, from deadly modern poisons as we give them the food of modern science? No one can answer this question completely. Anyone may attempt to answer. It seems to me that we

need a revival of ancient religious devotion. I do not mean a return

to the rule of the priest whose power it took hundreds of bloody years to destroy. I mean a belief in God as a directing and essentially

a personal force working of course through law. A great case can

be made in favor of the proposition that the good in our civilization is essentially a result of Christianity. I am, therefore, speaking of

God in terms of the interpretation in the New Testament. Ours is a

New Testament civilization. It requires too much credulity to expect the average person to establish loyalty to a power, merely, or a

mechanism, or a formula. This average person is utterly lost in

his efforts to associate himself with any degree of satisfaction and therefore ultimately with any loyalty or sense of responsibility to a God as law only. He can have high and proper respect for, let us

say, gravity. "Force equals mass times acceleration,"is one of the

greatest, if not the greatest, deductions, ever made by the mind of man. This Second Law of Newton is the physical foundation of our

civilization. But the ordinary man will admit his inability to

establish loyalty to gravity or the formula F. equals M. A. It is in

forcesanother dimension of emotion. We think of such laws as

to be taken advantage of and in no sense as occasioning affection or devotion.

One of the great hallucinations of our times is the belief in the animal nature of man, consciously or unconsciously correlated with our theory as to the origin of man. This doctrine of animalism if

accepted tends to lower our conscience to the level of the beast.

Evolution of course is a fact or rather a tremendous concourse of facts; that man is a brute is not a fact. The attempt physically,

chemically qr biologically to mechanize the universe or to animalize the human race has not as yet succeeded. Job of old is represented

as trying to explain some"of the problems of life; the glory of the

s*p f- l9Z9 THE EVIL IN MODERNISM 897

record of Job is his final acknowledgment that he not only cannot know but finds joy in leaving to God what still is God's. So, many

of the little minds we call great but which after all are quite small would do well not to misunderstand the purposes of the flesh.

Progress has never come except as it is coming to us. We are

not to be ushered into a millennium unless we are worthy of it and deliberately choose it; indeed, possibly unless we create it ourselves.

God and evil always come together. We can select either. Our

task is to distinguish one from the other. Evil is most dangerous

when it appears as something else. If it went about with its own

scarlet mark upon it we would avoid it. It appears frequently in

the garb of respectability, even intellectuality. Its fangs are hidden

behind a gracious smile. Yet to know evil and to fight it is our

second duty and privilege. The first is to love the truth.

Prospective Tobacco Legislation

On June 10, the United States senate received a shock. Senator Smoot

introduced a bill to amend the Food and Drug Act of June 30, 1906, by extending its provisions to tobacco and to tobacco products.

He said he introduced the bill because "the manufacture and sale of tobacco products are matters that affect the public health and welfare of* millions of our population;"that "various drug products are contained in tobacco;"and

that "false and deceptive statements made through advertising media in the interest of tobacco products should be brought under government regulation."

In introducing his bill the senator delivered a scathing address in which he charges the tobacconists with indulging in "an orgy of buncombe, quackery, child marketand downright falsehood and fraud to create a vast woman and for their products."

The NoTobacco League prints the senator's address in full in the July issue of The NoTobacco Journal. It has also organized a nationwide campaign to get individuals and groups of people in all the states to petition congress

to pass the bill.

Anyone interested in having a part in the campaign in this matter, so vital to the "public health and welfare of millions of the population,"can obtain copies of the senator's address and suggested form of petition by writing to the NoTobacco League, Box 578. Indianapolis, Indiana, and enclosing

five cents tor postage.

Lessons From Common Things By Dr. Franklin S. Harris, President of the B. Y. U.

7. Chlorophyll

a person looks out into the world the green color of vegetation meets his eyes. In the tropics, great forests cover theAS

landscape; in temperate lands, fields, trees, and grass cover

the earth; even at the tops of mountains or in Arctic regions, plants,

large and small, seem to occupy every particle of space, even to cracks in the rocks. So common is this green coloring of vegetation

that we ordinarily take it as a matter of course, as we do water and air. Yet within each green plant is going on work so wonderful

that it should hold the attention of all who love to know the wonders of the world.

Have you ever asked yourself just what this green substance is which is so universally distributed throughout plant life? If you

should take a magnifying glass and examine the leaves of plants, you would find that they are made up of very tiny cells, so small that it requires several hundred of them to equal an inch in length. In

each of these cells there are from a few to several dozen little particles of green material which the botanists call "leafgreen"or "chlorophyll". 'No matter what the green plant is, whether a tree or a

blade of grass, its leaves have this same material. It is one of the

most common of substances; so common that most people scarcely

give it a thought, and if they do they seldom trouble themselves to find out just what it is or what its relation might be to our lives.

This green material, commonplace as it may seem, is so tremendously important that no animal or plant could continue to live on earth for any length of time without it. It is the primary factor

in the manufacture of plant and animal food. The sunlight, acting

through the leafgreen on water and carbon dioxide from the air, builds complex food substances which serve as the foundation of all animal food.

The chlorophyll cells may be regarded as the most practical chemical laboratory in all the world. All the manufacturing done in

the United States requires only about forty million horespower of energy, whereas just the pastures on the farms of Utah use several times this much energy in a year. This trapping of sunshine to create food goes on so silently that we scarcely notice even the growth

of the plants, let alone think of the many, many billions of tiny spheres of chlorophyll cells which are doing the manufacturing.

This first material which the green cells manufacture is a simple

Sept.. 1929 LESSONS FROM COMMON THINGS 899

sugar or starch, as is found in potatoes and rice. In many

instances the peculiar needs of the plant which does the manufacturing require that the food be changed to other forms, such as cane sugar, or oily foods, but no matter what the later changes, the work of the chlorophyll cells is invariably the same. Their great work is

to keep the whole world supplied with the initial food for all plants and animals, and should their activities cease, all living things would perish. Man and animals, by utilizing stored fuel and food,

might live for some time after chlorophyll were destroyed, but soon all such supplies would be exhausted, and all forms of life be stilled.

Many of the common things which seem entirely independent of chlorophyll were really created under the activity of this one green substance. Gasoline, kerosene, coal, tar, and numerous other substances all trace their origin back to the sunshine trapped by chlorophyll and used to weld the hydrogen of water with carbon dioxide

to make plant food. The method of storing these fuels in the earth

are responsible for their almost unrecognizable forms.

Suppose the world had been made by mere chance, and this green substance had been left out. Our planet would always have

remained a barren waste of rock. Does it seem reasonable that this

wonderful green material organized itself so that it automatically began to manufacture food, and that other forms of chance created living organisms to utilize this material, or was there a divine mind supervising the creation so that it would evolve into a world of beauty? Scoffers, whose minds have been warped through onesided views of the wonders of life, may answer that chance could

perform such miracles, but for those who study nature with an open mind, the Creator's hand is plainly visible.

The Power of Faith A short time ago a boy up in the mountains of Colorado was bitten by a rattle snake. He knew that the bite of a rattler is deadly poison, and

for a few minutes death stared him in the face. Then a happy thought

came to him: "If I could only get to the hospital in Colorado Springs, I am

sure the doctors would save my life."

With this assurance he mounted his horse, and rode several miles, when he met an automobile. He explained his condition to the driver of the auto,

who rushed him to the depot, where he caught a train for Colorado Springs.

On arriving there he hastened to the hospital, where he received treatment at the hands of the doctors and his life was saved. This is a pretty good example

of the power of faith. -William A. Morton.

Hard Times Come Again No More By Hugh J. Cannon

TAND for a moment, and reverently, at the mouth of Emigration Canyon. As you look over the Salt Lake valley, now

filled with verdant fields, comfortable homes and prosperous factories, visualize if you can the scene which met the gaze of our pioneers on that memorable July day, 1847.

was a prophet, "This is the place."And what aoccasions—heThe leader spoke, more than a leader on that and other

place it must have appeared to the weary traveler! Sagebrush, baked

plains, desolation!

Nearly threequarters of a century later, Judge LeGrand

Young, a nephew of the departed president, speaking at a conference of the Liberty stake, related two pioneer incidents which are worth preserving. Unfortunately, he was not asked to put them in writing in his own words, but subsequently they were told in a meeting

at which Judge Young was present, and he was asked to correct any inaccuracies. No corrections were made, and the incidents are

here given from memory.

Lorenzo Dow Young, an uncle of Judge Young and a brother of the pioneer leader, made his home in what is now a beautiful residential district of Salt Lake City. Then, it was farming land.

One morning his wife called attention to the fact that their flour was gone, and that there was nothing in the house to eat.

Brother Young's crops demanded his attention for most of the day, and he went about his work with a prayer in his heart that their wants might be supplied. Late in the afternoon he returned,

tired and hungry, to the house, still wondering what they were to do for food.

"Can't you scrape together a little flour,"he asked his wife, "and make a batter cake? I am faint."

"I took all there was in the bin this morning, and we haven't a thing left,"was her reply.

However, at his request she went into the pantry to see if.

by any chance, she might find something heretofore overlooked. A

moment later she returned, crying.

"I don't think it's right of you to play jokes on me at such a time. I'm tired and hungry, too, and wrought up because of our

destitute condition, and I think you should have told me about the flour."Brother Young was ignorant of what she meant but was not

Sept.. 1929 HARD TIMES COME AGAIN NO MORE 901

long in learning that the bin was full. Then together this good

couple thanked the Lord for providing for their needs.

In commenting on the circumstance, Judge Legrand Young said: "I know the skeptic will say there was nothing miraculous

about this occurrence. The Lord had nothing to do with it, but

some kind neighbor who knew the straits in which this family found themselves, and who desired that his left hand should not know what his right hand did, had, unseen, slipped in with a sack of flour. It is possible this was the case. My uncle never found out

where it came from, but he always acknowledged this experience as an answer to prayer, and in this I fully agree with him. That the

Almighty perhaps used human agencies to bring it to pass matters not at all. These people whose hands were always open to assist

others had asked that their own distress be relieved. The prayers

were answered. Relief came, and what more could they expect?"

The other incident related by Judge Young was about as follows, and the essential features of the story are substantiated by the

Deseret News of October 4, 1870:

On one of his trips through the south, President Young was very much delighted by the singing of the Parowan choir. This

group, like most choirs of Utah even in this day, was made up of people who had come from various parts of the United States and

Europe. It will be recalled that President Woodruff converted hundreds of people in Herefordshire, England, among them almost an

entire choir, and some of those singers had found a home in Parowan, where they and their descendants contributed to the musical development of the community.

It was decided to have this group come to Salt Lake City, to sing at the October conference of 1870. Upon the countenances

of many, those who had come from England and other foreign countries, and who in their native lands had worked in factories, offices or stores, the passing years and their struggle with the elements had engraved a pathetic story of hardship and privation. They

were weatherbeaten and toilworn. The clothing of some was

threadbare and patched. But in one particular they were unchanged

their faith in the Gospel, which had caused them to gather with the

Saints in this new land, was as firm as ever.

William Tecumseh Sherman, generalin-chief of the United

States army, was in the city at the time, stopping at the old Townsend House. This was the General Sherman who is famous for his

apt and terse definition of what war is and who directed the historic "march to the sea"during the civil war.

The word had spread that the military band from Fort Douglas was to serenade the general during the evening, and an eager crowd

Sept.. 1929902 IMPROVEMENT ERA

of several hundred people had congregated in front of the building.

After the band had rendered several selections, a speech was called for. The general, however, declined to respond, although some of

those present obtained a personal interview with him and vainly attempted to persuade him to do so.

It had been suggested that the Parowan choir go to the Townsend House to sing for the military party. This suggestion was

followed. The singers assembled in the street in front of the hotel,

and the general and his party sat on the balcony which extended over the sidewalk. Several selections were rendered and finally they sang

"Hard times come again no more."The old soldier, deeply touched,

arose as the strains of the familiar melody reached his ears. He

walked to the front of the balcony, leaned on the balustrade and stood silently looking down into the faces of the group before him.

As the song proceeded, tears came into his eyes and ran unchecked over the furrowed cheeks. When the song was ended the old man

said brokenly, "My friends, I see from your faces that you know what hard times are, and I pray God, with you, that they may come again no more."

The Church records show that General Sherman was in Salt

Lake City on October 3, 1870, and again on September 22. 1883.

During the first visit he met President Young and some of the leading brethren. President Daniel H. Wells became somewhat well

acquainted with the distinguished visitor and formed a very high regard for him.

Not in Vain

If I can ease one wounded heart,

Or pacify some throbbing breast;

If charity I can impart, Or I can cope with friendship's quest;

If through the shaded throes of life

I can emit a sunny gleam;

To give myself with my small mite

To help those down to rise again;

If I can speak a kindly word To turn your boy from shame and sin.

Or, if I lead some wayward girl

Back to a wholesome life again;

If sympathy for all that live Helps me to feel their inmost pain,

Then in my soul I do believe That I shall not have lived in vain.

Los Angeles, Calif. O. F. URSENBACH

Wooden Cross Bares Soul of Most

Incorrigible Boy (Taken from the Washington Star)

By Thomas R. Henry

is the second of a series of articles telling of the remarkable experiment in NOTE—This

the redemption of boys who have proved unmanageable in ordinary schools, which is being carried on by the District of Columbia public school system.

[Harold D. Fife, mentioned in this article, is a young "Mormon"boy who is making

a real contribution to the teaching profession. The Editors.]

'EN though it be a cross."

Peter was one of the worst problem children the District schools have known in recent years.E

Harold D. Fife, principal of the Gales Special School, has a

stack of letters in his desk about the child. Some express unmitigated

disgust; others sympathy, but hopelessness. Peter had been tried

with all sorts of teachers. The strict disciplinarian found him unmanageable and dangerous. The gentle, motherly kind wasted their

tenderness. The mental research department classified him as a

dullard.

Peter was ragged, dirty and a thief. His adolescent mind was

a sewer of filthy thoughts. Girls weren't safe in the same room with

him. When he was asked a question he would reply with a string

of oaths and nastiness that would have shocked a mule driver. He

took no interest in anything offered by the schools. He was an

habitual truant.

Here, it seemed, there was a congenital delinquent, if such a creature ever existed.

As a last resort, Peter was transferred to the Gales Special

School. He was a stubborn case. Week after week Fife tried to find

some point of contact with whatever spark of goodness there might be in the child. His personality was impenetrable. Even among the

problem cases he was outstandingly bad. Nothing could be found

which interested him upon which to condition other interests. Here

at last, Fife thought, was the exceptional case where his theories didn't work.

Tried to Make Friends level after day the teacher talked with the boy on his ownDAY and tried to make friends with him. The net result apparently

was only a slight lessening of the animosity which the child felt for all teachers and all authority.

That point of contact in the child's personality with decency

Sept., 1929904 IMPROVEMENT ERA

and aspiration which Fife thinks exists somewhere in every one could not be located and there seemed no alternative but to abandon him to a reform probably to a succession of prisons school—and

after the protection of society. that—for

Suddenly, strangely, beautifully, came the break.

Peter had been showing the world an artificial, selfcreated shell of personality. Behind this he had hid his real highly spiritself—a

ual, luminous, saintly self, with Christlike elements about it.

He came to Fife's desk after school one afternoon.

Query About Cross know dem crosses dey sticks on de stiffs out in Arlington?"YER he asked.

"Yes.""Well, what I wants to know is how much the things costs.""I don't $50, I should think."know—about

Fife noticed the boy's face fall.

"As much as that?"

"Yes. You see, they have to carve them out of a pretty

big piece of stone and there is a lot of heavy work."

"Don't they ever make 'em of nothing but stone that don't cost so much?"

"Yes. You might make one out of wood."

"Could I make one?"

"I should think you could. I'd help you some. Why are you

interested in crosses, Peter?"

The old look of hostility came over Peter's face at this question.

The teacher saw that he had made a mistake, that it was too soon

'to ask. "I want to make a cross,"the boy said.

Fife took him to a room downstairs where there was some lumber and a few tools. He showed him rapidly how the tools

were used.

Made Many Mistakes AHEAD and make your cross,"he said.GO From that time on he didn't bother Peter with school

work. Every morning the boy went to the lumber room, shut

himself in and worked. He made many mistakes. There was much

to be done over. But he seemed absorbed in his work.

Never before had Peter shown any mechanical interests. For

the first time something had been found which kept him out of mischief. Fife visited him every day and coached him a little.

Sept., 1929 WOODEN CROSS BARES SOUL 905

Peter rather resented this coaching, but he listened and profited by it.

He grew more and more friendly with the teacher.

Finally Fife judged that the time was ripe to try once more to go a little deeper.

"Peter, you've never told me why you are interested in crosses,"he said. "Oh, didn't I? Well, you see, it's like this—

A marvelous transformation had come over the dirty, foulmouthed boy in that moment.

His mother had died 10 years before, leaving his father, a poor day laborer, with a large family.

Outline of Stones HpHE family was poor. The mother had been buried in a corner

-U- of one of the Washington cemeteries. They had put no headstone over her grave. Brush and weeds had grown over it. The

poor woman was cast utterly out of the world's memory.

But there was an outline of stones around the space into which her coffin had been lowered. Peter had put them there/

Twice a year little Peter had trudged to the cemetery and filled in the gaps in that outline of stones. He had been doing this, unknown to anyone else, all the time that his school teachers had been

calling him the worst boy in Washington. He had been doing

this all the time that his tongue was so filthy that the most hardened teachers, men and women, couldn't endure listening to him.

There he would kneel in the long grass, replacing the scattered stones.

All around him, over the graves of the mothers of other little boys, rose monuments and crosses. Each of these pilgrimages only

made'him worse. He would get boy would clinch his even—the

fists and curse the Lord in would get even with a world Heaven—he

which had treated his mother like this.

Over her nameless grave he had promised to get even. He

was keeping his word.

The father was a well meaning man, but his thoughts were with the living and not the dead. His slender wage barely sufficed

to feed the hungry mouths dependent on him. He tried to clothe

them decently and made a terrible job of it, to judge by Peter.

Not Hungry or Cold time the boy had suggested that a headstone be placedEVERY over his mother the father had dismissed the idea rather curtly.

She was dead, wasn't she? She wasn't hungry or cold any more.

She was comfortable enough there in the ground. Why bother with

her when the kids needed clothes?

Sept.. 1929906 IMPROVEMENT ERA

He was not an unkind man, but he had no motherliness about him. He was too tired to mother the kids when he came back from

his day's work.

The human touch had gone out of Peter's life the day his mother's body, in a bare wooden box, had been carried out of the door of the shack where they lived.

The spiritual, Christlike Peter had gone out of the skinny, unwashed little body and crept into the coffin. There all these years

he had snuggled in her arms. The poor, dead woman had crooned

to her baby there in the graveyard.

The Peter of the District schools, the Peter who swore at teachers, stole everything he could lay his hands on and assaulted girls, was not Peter at all. Peter was in his mother's arms in her nameless

grave.

Fife gave the boy money to finish the cross, to buy paint and other trimmings. It was a work of art when it was done. There

was a soul in it.

One day the teacher and the boy went out together and cleared away the weeds from the grave. But for the setting up of the cross

Peter went alone one Sunday.

Cross of Gold better than any of the others in the cemetery,"he saidIT LOOKS when he came to school the next morning. "Do you think she

knows about it? Do you think she will like it because it's wood

and not stone?"

"That cross is made of gold, Peter,"the teacher said. "She

will know it is made of gold."

So the soul of Peter was raised from his mother's grave on the cross his hands had carved.

"I have known many boys,"says Mr. Fife, "but I never knew

another so spirituallyminded as Peter is today. He is all spirit.

And he is the one boy sent here for whom nobody had any hope."

Fife hesitates to psychoanalyze this strange case of dual personality in a child.

One school would explain it perhaps in terms of mother fixation twisted in some curious way.

Another would find an inferiority motherless complex—the

child, whom the world so despised that it would not even accord his mother the poor honor of a cross over her grave, developing a superiority complex in compensation which drove him to make the world pay attention to him by the very extent of his depravity, the way which offered the line of least resistance at the time.

But the mystic would find here the symbols of holy and unseen

Christ descending into hell at the behest of the Mother.things—of

Perhaps all are right. Who knows?

I. A. Advice to M. Workers—and

Others Extracts from an Address Delivered by Elder James H.

Anderson in the Ogden Stake.

a Mutual Improvement Association achievesWHENEVER actual success, it recognizes two fundamental, vital factors:

First, that it is promoting a righteous cause.

Second, that its officers and members, having a definite purpose in view, put energy, courage, sincerity and faith into their combined efforts.

The expression, "combined efforts,"as here used, means, so far as practicable in the Association, "Everybody at work, and working right."In achieving this desired result, enlivening songs, in which

everybody can join, at least in feeling, play an important part.

I give you a text, the thought of which I believe it is well to remember. Ages ago, when a king of the House of Judah, in dire

straits, obtained a wonderful success in a portion of his reign, the historian makes this record of him; and it is the text which I bring.

It is in the Bible, in 2 Chronicles 31st chapter, 21st verse:

"And in every work that he began in the service of the house of God, and in the law, and in the commandments, to seek his God, he did it with all his heart, and prospered."

"He did it with all his heart, and prospered."There is the

record of cause and effect. It is a lesson to apply in the verbal presentation of every subject in the Mutual Improvement Association

meetings. Failure to apply it, too often is the chief cause of failure

to make our programs worthy of our active Association membership.

In presenting a subject to your class or to your audience, speak clearly. The human voice is used to convey a message or an idea.

But unless that method of conveyance has such a measure of force and earnestness as to awaken thought in the mind of the auditor, the message or idea is not conveyed, and the messenger becomes a failure to the extent that he has not impressed his audience with an essential fact: namely, that he knows what he is talking about, and also

knows how to tell it. We should learn also to utilize the blackboard

or the picture. Visual instruction is a vital and popular means of

conveying information. But to make the lesson deeply impressive,

the sound of the human voice to the ear also is vital. Shakespeare

says: "Speak clearly, if you speak at all:

Carve every word before you let it fall.'

Sep,.. 1929908 IMPROVEMENT ERA

That is good advice. Clearness of voice and clearness of enunciation are positively demanded in a successful speaker. Then his

hearers know that his suggestions in the lesson or instruction he) would convey are up to them. His correct example in this regard

will show his audience that courage, energy, and persistence in a good cause are winners in the end. It will give them confidence in

him and faith in the cause he represents.

There is a world of illustration for the necessity and value of earnest, vigorous action to be found in concise notes that may be taken from biographies of men who have been successful workers in mechanics, literature, etc., and even in present personal experience, if one's eyes are open to contemporary achievement. There

also are incidental rules to follow, one of which is to be tactful, by pleading and leading, and thereby avoid driving or giving offense.

The percentage of participants attained during the season from your regular membership will register your measure of success in putting over the series of topics presented. This percentage includes interested hearers and inquirers as well as interesting talkers. To succeed, keep at work persistently. In the old dispensation, Moses was

a great worker, as was Paul in the new dispensation. They kept

at work persistently.

Every boy and girl in the rear seats in the hall is entitled to a knowledge of just what you are saying. You owe it to them, when

they have come to the meeting. Set the example of power in your

own voice, to reach the entire audience. I repeat, that is what your

voice is for. You fail when you do less. "Talking right out in

meeting"makes a "hit."A speaker has no right to waste the time

of a half or a third of his audience by not speaking clearly so they can hear distinctly.

Biographies of successful men in the ordinary vocations of life are lessons of encouragement to old and young. When crisply

and concisely pointed out, everybody learns something. Energy,

courage, and persistence in dealing with a task, bring gratifying results: without them, no circumstances, no opportunities, will make

a twolegged creature a man. It takes what we sometimes designate as "Pep"to drive that lesson home; but when driven it? rouses

enthusiasm for work in your hearers.

Don't be afraid of the Bible. It is the Book of books that has

helped most in business. Using a modern form of expression. Moses

was the greatest salesman of his day. His sale was, "There is one

true and living God."Convincing his people of God's special care

for them, he took twelve tribes who had been slaves to the Egyp-, tians for generations, and transformed them into a dominating nation; from degradation to a compact, conquering national life,—all

Sept.. 1929 ADVICE TO M. I. A. WORKERS 909

in the lifetime of a single man! That was a big job of salesmanship.

Moses laid out for his people a health program in minute detail;

science now is discovering little by little that there was a scientific!

reason behind that program. Moses stood for one day a week in|

rest from daily toil; modern science is proving that a man's nervous

powers absolutely require Sunday's rest to recuperate. We boast

of discoveries to increase human efficiency, and going back find that

Moses looked to their application nearly four thousand years ago.

Nobody knows, perhaps nobody cares, where Moses was buried;

but the results of his work have persisted through the ages.

Note the tactfulness of a man named Paul. He appeared in

ancient Athens, ragged, weary, and on foot because he did not have carfare. He had a new religion for the sophisticated Greeks. He

did not say so in those words, or they would have hooted him out of town, for they had barrels of religions. He had noted their

erection of an altar to "The Unknown God."He complimented

them on their variety of religions, and announced, "That is the very

God whom I represent."Then everybody wanted to hear him.

One will find it difficult to cite a better human examplar of "honestto-goodness"work than this same Paul, whose chief mental quality was that of a persistent, straightforward, resolute, and earnest man, battling with hunger, thirst, privations, and dangers of all kinds, still pursuing his mission of love, till he made the name of Christ, the Redeemer of mankind, ring throughout Europe, from the Hellespont to the British Isles; turning armies and nations from paganism

to Christianity.

Biblical quotations drip like dew from the trees from all the great masters of Steele, Burke, Franklin, WebEnglish—Addison,

ster, Lincoln, and others. Patrick Henry's inspiring patriotic speech

which carries the slogan, "Give me liberty, or give me death,"and the warning, "Gentlemen may cry, Peace, Peace, but there is no peace,"are merely paraphrases of God's call of repentance to the Jews through the Prophet Jeremiah.

I. "The harvest is great and the laborers are few."The M.

Association where only the officers do the work hasn't even started toward success. The corps of officers who have "Pep"to put to

work, and have them working right, sixty, seventyfive, or even ninety per cent of their Association's regular membership, and who do it, are worthwhile leaders. It has been done, and can be done

again and again.

To love and win is the best thing: to love and lose the next

Thackeray-—William Makepeace best.

IVestiges of the Ancient Cliff Dwellers

At Mesa Verde National Park ] Ruins Dating into the PreHistory of Our Continent; Possibly the

Most Spectacular Ruins in the Entire United States

ANCIENT INHABITANTS WORSHIPERS OF SUN

By Frank Beckwith LIVED in Wyoming where the Shoshone Indians were thick until a later time when, by order of the Government, they wereI removed from that area; and for sixteen years now, in and

around Delta, I have found much interest in exploring, conducting research work, and discovering relics, sites, and remains of the many generations of early inhabitants who frequented this arid spot. In

the pursuit of that study, drawn by necessity, I have visited many other regions where the ancient Indians Creek canyon, lived—Clear

Wayne county, Kanab, every one of our museums, and finally took a tour of seven states to gather firsthand information. Our

itinerary took us into Nevada, California, Arizona, old Mexico, New

Mexico, Colorado and Utah. This article will deal with the interest,

archaeologically considered, of Colorado. A forthcoming article

will be devoted to Arizona and New Mexico.

At the Mesa Verde National Park, one is struck with the beauty of the scene; the table is mounted from the northwest corner,

and in a few miles one is carried upward by the road 2500 feet. As

the road winds, on purpose, in and out among the buttes and crags, view after view of magnificent beauty is presented: at Point Lookout, one stops the auto, and looks upon Cortez nestled on the plain

below; the shades of cedar darkening the landscape, livened by

green fields, or yellow summerfallowed land: and with here and

there a splash as a small reservoir is sighted. Rain was falling in the

distance as I looked, adding charm to the scene.

The view is magnificent.

At the highest elevation, one is at 8575 feet. Then the road

descends by easy gradients down the slope of the table top, and one encounters the ancient ruins of Far View House. It was after sundown that I came to this site; in the soft afterglow, when all was

mellowed, and I alone in the utter solitude of the ruin, treading where moccasined feet softly patted the earth how many centuries ago the imagination craves to know, I took off my hat, and in deepest revSept.. 1929 VESTIGES OF THE ANCIENT CLIFF DWELLERS 911

erence stood there, silent, alone, imbibing rushes of the sentiment which the hour and place sent surging through me.

I got into the public camp quite late, registered, and walked at once to the rim, and saw for the first time, very dimly in the dark recess of the steep canyon, what could be discerned of Spruce Tree

House at that late hour. The next morning before breakfast I was

prowling around in its rooms, applying all I had read to kiva, ceremonial dancedrama procession, and the rites of the ancient man who constructed the ruin.

Spruce Tree House is tucked under the overhanging cliff; it

has been somewhat restored; ruins of three stories in height are quite

well preserved, show admirable stone work in their construction, and the timbers of roofing in several rooms are intact. With stone axes,

almost gnawing their way through the poles, these were cut; laid

in place, the butts protruding through the wall; then a layer of mud,

smaller sticks cross ways, more mud, and finally on top, a layer of cedar bark and bast, and over that again, more clay, well trodden down into a hard, compact, tight flooring.

One room near the left end as one faces the ruin is left almost as it was, to show the construction.

Photo by Frank Beckwilh Spruce Tree House Sept., 1929 912 IMPROVEMENT ERA

it is most interesting; I find my main A kiva adjacent to

interest in archaeology in reconstructing a living, breathing, pulsating man who walks around with me, as I wander in the ruins, explaining by pantomime and actual worship his use of each part. And

thus alone, supplemented by study, there is not the interruption of a crowd of chattering, attentiondissipating tourists, whose vision is entertainment alone, or, at the highest, a brief and easily satisfied curiosity.

In the mind's eye I saw the ancient Cliff Dweller come to this kiva, silent, intent, imbued with religious fervor, and go down the ladder poles; I followed him and witnessed in that same manner

his acts of prayer and supplication to the six regions, devotion—the

the bare foot, on soil too sacred for covering of moccasin; his entry

into the silent circle with strict ritualism, as within a secret lodge.

The Governor and his adjutants absorbed with the weighty problem awaiting solution; the cacique, alone, solitary, an acetic, taking

upon himself the sins of the tribe, that prayer, fasting and spiritual insight might attune him to receive the message from "The Trues

Above"whereby the tribe should find favor with them, and be blessed, or this annoying infliction then besetting them removed.

For the supplications of this ancient man were done to find favor with his many powers. Most prominent in that is his adoration of the Sun Father and of the Earth Mother, from both of whom

he receives his material and spiritual blessings. And that he might

the better observe the comings and goings of the Sun Father, the guide showed me a round building, with peep holes in the walls, which, he said it had been conjectured, were holes for observation of the sun at its setting, to get its farthest north and farthest.south

positions, to regulate their dancedrama ceremonials.

Note that I have used the word "conjectured,"for while it is so thought, yet that use is not so firmly established as to be laid down as scientific fact. Similar uses were found among modern Indians

by observers fifty to eighty years ago, and it is thought this was a similar procedure. One is at liberty to accept it or reject it.

The most spectacular building in the area of the park is Cliff

Palace. It was discovered by Dick Wetherhill in 1888, and in the

few short years following, masses, tons in fact, of relics, priceless, were dug out, carted away and taken from the ruins. Pots, vessels,

the women of Denver formed a clubartifacts—wholesale—until

for the preservation of our national wonders, and got it made into a National Park and all plundering stopped.

Cliff Palace is now greatly restored. I have photos of it as it

appeared when first discovered, with the heaps of talus at the foot of the walls; but careful archaeologists fitted fallen blocks into place,

s*pt.. 1929 VESTIGES OF THE ANCIENT CLIFF DWELLERS 913

used cement, and today, as nearly as can be, the ruin is restored to its pristine vigor.

Cliff Palace is a wonder. I have not seen Pueblo Bonita (as

yet!) but I have seen Montezuma's Castle, Zuni, Acoma, the Sky

City, Laguna, Isleta, Santa Clara, Taos, the Mecca of thousands of tourists yearly, and the ancient ruins of the Rito de los Frijoles, of the fact, almost all the more important ruins and Puye—in

presentday still, beautiful Cliff Palace holds its sway villages,—and

as chief of them all, the spectacular, the interesting great communal house of the Mesa Verde.

Cliff Palace is tucked under a great overhanging ledge, an open cave, so to speak. It is thought that nearly as many people as are

congregated in the little hamlet of Hinckley, Utah, lived together in Cliff from 650 to 850 souls. Palace—say

The ranger points out to you the round tower in the middle foreground, and tells you that it is thought to be the Speaker Chief's

House, and that from it, early morns, a crier shouted out the day's activities to the people. It takes little imagination to picture that

man, at sun up, in stentorian tones, addressing in formal call his people, laying down the duties of this clan and that, telling what;

dancedrama processions the different secret societies will present in the next few days, what clans will repair to the farms for attention to the growing crops, and, in general, informing the people of the activities of that industrious hive.

Not a stone in Cliff Palace but that you or I could have carried up the long trail from the canyon below, or gotten down the steep path from above; unlike Chili, Peru, or other centers where immense

megatlithic stones, wonders even today, are laid in place. No, with

interminable toil, a labor of love, man after man carried piecemeal his burden of stone, that he might aid in erecting this monument to the tribe's greatness. Moccasined feet busied themselves up and

down; toe holds were actually worn in the walls where the exit

trail leads up and out. It is easy to put back into this ruin the actual

living man who built it.

One morning in the yesterdays of the long ago the wives became busy and got out the sinew nets for catching game; lengths of from

twenty to sixty feet; banded together into a communal hunt; fastened the nets ends to ends, propped them up with sharpened stakes

stuck in the ground, all put in place on some selected spot, and then, in a great "surround"the men spread, gradually closed in, and forced the game into these nets. Woe betide the man or woman whose aim

missed, as he threw a club or missile at the running game as it turned at the net! For if he missed (the custom of many presentday

Sept.. 1919914 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Photo by Frank Beckwith Sun Temple tribes is) he had to don the garb of woman, the awkward, who can't throw, and be a woman until his missile regained his garments.

At these "surrounds"all is giggling, laughter, merriment; how

the women do jeer and taunt the man who missed, and is dressed in woman's raiment!

It is quite easy to see in the mind's eye that same scene enacted centuries ago.

Or, if man and wife do not agree, and separation is imminent, she (for she owns the home, is master, and controls hangs it)—she

his moccasins outside the door, and it is "skidoo"for that man from that household then and there. Or, if she gets the huff on, he shrugs

his shoulders in a certain way, wraps up his mantle to his shoulder, partly covering his face, and thus, with a cold shoulder averted, stalks away from wife and home.

And even at that, divorce was uncommon, say the ancient writers.

The round rooms are the secret, ceremonial rooms of the men;

in them the males congregated, rehearsed their dancedrama processions, made ceremonial clothing, ground and mixed the paints for the holiday bedaubing, and chanted the songs. Women were not

allowed in them except to bring food to the inmates upon needed occasion.

And at times the Navajoes raided the village, when lurking spies brought back word that the men of the Cliff Dwellers, the

Sept., 1929 VESTIGES OF THE ANCIENT CLIFF DWELLERS 915

defenders of the village, were holding forth in the kivas, engaged in the work at hand; and thus caught, trapped in the raid, many a

village of the Cliff Dweller was decimated by these relentless enemies.

But the women folk conquered their conquerors; for as the more

or less nomadic Navajoes took the women to live with them as wives, these wives taught their lords how to weave, until now, almost all the tribes depend upon the Navajoes for blankets and other woven articles, and are ceasing the art which they once so adroitly practiced.

A trip to the Mesa Verde is only begun by seeing Cliff Palace and Spruce Tree me the real interest was in the wonderHouse;—to

ful Sun Temple.

Here the primitive man had erected what in his crude beginnings of architecture was to him a magnificent, stupendous monument to the father of Sun Father. When discovered it was a mound, all—the

grown over with evergreens, but slightly betokening what that mound concealed within. Archaeologists dug, and bared to view

great massive walls, now only low lying, for none of them are over seven feet or so high, but about three to four feet thick. The building tops the mesa brow, fairly close to Cliff Palace. Archaeologists

think this building had no had one. No roof timbers roof—never

are found, though they are found in excellent preservation in Balcony

House, in Spruce Tree House and elsewhere. No artifacts of any

kind implying domestic use were discovered in or around this buildPhoto by Frank Beckivith

Cliff Palace 1929916 IMPROVEMENT ERA s,Pt..

ing, hence it is thought it never was a dwelling, but was designed and used as a temple of worship.

The rising sun may be seen from this at all times of the year.

Likewise when Old Sol sets, his position can be studied and marked in memory. His journeyings north and south, besides his daily

rising and setting may be studied in this now ruined temple. It is

only a step in the mind's travel to think of the ancient Maya, with their wonderful system more accurate than was our astronomy—a

own the day that Cortez placed foot upon their then shore—and

to span the distance to this Sun Temple topping the mesa near Cliff

Palace, and imagine this man also a sun worshipper, regarding the great orb of day as the Sun Father.

All scientific investigation of the presentday Indian reveals that much of his religious ceremonies is a direct thanks to the Earth

Mother for her bounty, the blessings of crops, of birth, life, nourishment, food both from soil and from animal form. "The vivifying

rays of Our Father, the Sun, are received by Our Earth Mother, and by her engendered into all that myriad forms of life upon is—the

which man lives. We thank Our Mother for her bounty."

As I visited village after village; as I applied the study I had

given to scientific books to what was before me, more and more;t

grew on me that here was more of the inner actuating motive of the ancient man than was embodied in Cliff Palace. For here was his

religion; and religion motivates us all. In the same proportion to

his achievements, was I then looking (compared with our own forebears) upon his striving, his yearning for, his achievement toward building a Rheims Cathedral, the mighty pile of Westminster, the sacred edifices of Strasburg or Milan. Compared thus, here was

bis inner expression, toward that same goal on which our civilization spent its greater efforts in the Middle Ages, and upon which we look with reverential awe. For he, too, strove to worship his Sun

Father to the best of his capabilities: he built the best he could; he

erected the pride of that tribe, the glory of that ancient Indian nation, if such there were in that region at that time. He expressed himself

From the dawn of civilization down through the ages, religion has been man's chiefest motivating urge; he has i ought for his

religion, he had builded for his religion: he has migrated, he has

settled: he has subdued, fought stubborn nature, builded empires

all for his religion.

So in standing upon the ruins of Sun Temple. I felt that it was

the more important expression of the ancient man than any other evidence in the area. You will see a stump of a tree in the illustration,

apparently growing right out of the cement of repair in the wall to the upper left: it is a tree which as a seed found lodgment in a crack

Sept., 1929 VESTIGES OF THE ANCIENT CLIFF DWELLERS 917

in the wall, some time after abandonment of the temple, carried there by wind or bird. That tree has 360 annual rings, denoting

a lapse of 360 years since it was large enough to form its first ring.

Allow a time before that for abandonment, then a time for dust to blow in sufficient to give root, and scientists think the age of occupancy cannot be less than 600 years ago. That puts this temple

back into 1300 A. into 1 100 A. D. And how much D.—possiblybefore that it was occupied, how many centuries of occupancy preceded that abandonment has not yet been solved.

It seems very reasonable to conjecture on all evidence that approximately 1 100 to 1300 A. D. this temple ceased to be used; say

a thousand to eleven hundred years age that it was. Why it was

abandoned is not known. Scientist dare not risk a reputation in vain

statement, as additional evidence of archaeology may disprove what is now a reasonable conjecture.

In my own research into the ancient Indian's past, I wish to clothe the man with flesh and blood and put him back into the scenes of his daily life, now tilling a field, then again bearing home a burden of deer stalked on the mesa top; now terrified with supposed sorcery

of a witch, then engaging in a sacred dancedrama procession; now

resisting a raid from Navajo or Apache, then electing a sun priest to officiate at this sacred edifice. Thus to me is the man brought back

to life; I see living, breathing, pulsating men, throbbing with action,

bowed by sorrow, exultant in a mere dryas-dust victory—not

scientific cataloging of artifacts, a museum index in hand as I study!

Not so.

As I toured Arizona, the Apache, once our dread, met me with

I gotsmiles, received my request to take a picture with a giggle—and

some excellent negatives; the Navajo accorded me a gracious consent:

the Zuni, the Acoma. the inhabitant of San Ildefonso. of Santa Clara.

of they all were most hospitable. Not once did I Laguna—why

meet with rejection.

And I wonder if it was not my friendly attitude of mind, my deep and abiding respect for the brother of the brown a som-'skin—

thing which he got for me impress'ons which were refelt—that

corded in personal experience as well as upon the camera film, and which shall keep alive the memory of a trip never to be forgotten, linking a kindly, hospitable, friendly living Puebloan with his forebears, known to us through archaeology as the Cliff Dweller.

Who knows?

The ruins in Mesa Verde National Park are wonderfully interesting, even to the casual tourist; but to the one attuned, they arc

fascinatingly treasure trove. And easy of access, for absorbing—a

the roads are fairly good in Utah down to the corner of the State.

Sept.. 1929 918 IMPROVEMENT ERA

and better in Colorado. There are accommodations of any kind

at the park headquarters. Another phase of interest are the lectures evenings by the rangers or superintendent, or distinguished

visitors, which add a flavor of charm, and are at the same time highly instructive.

Delia. Utah

Impressions By Derrah B. Van Dyke

Recently I attended the funeral of with grief yet unconquered by it.

a friend. He was a splendid Latterradiated the sweet, strong faith of

day Saint boy of high school age who those who know the Gospel of Jesus had honored his parents, had honored Christ to be true.

the Priesthood which he held and, to The sermon was delivered by one a remarkable degree for one so young, of the Twelve. It was simple and dihad been an influence for good in the rect, yet the thoughts were of profound

lives of his associates. During the import. The assurance of a definite

evening of the same day, I attended a Gospel plan and of life beyond the lecture given by an eminent philgrave- struck straight to the heart. And

osopher who is also an author of high the remainder of the services was in distinction, an orator of nationally acharmony with the sermon.

claimed ability and a recognized To the lecture came men of many authority on his chosen subject. vocations. All in evening clothes, the

To the boy's funeral came men and group was impressive against a backwomen of many vocations. However, ground of a beautiful room in a beauthe predominant type was the humble, tiful building. After dinner, the

suntanned tiller of the soil. Sitting speaker was introduced. I sat in awed

near to me in the small country chapel admiration during his discourse—adwas a Japanese, grey at the temples, miration for his fund of knowledge,

with benevolent, weatherbeaten counhis logical intellectual processes, his tenance. During the services he wide vocabulary. He delved deeply

scarcely moved. With bowed head and into the learning of men.

teardimmed eyes, his attitude bespoke Impressions! From the one event I

homage, reverence and respect more took admiration for the intellectual convincingly than could the words of achievements of a man and an intel- a Demosthenes. His was a silent trilectual hypothesis with which I men1bute to the young friend who was of tally struggled for a few hours but

a different race and a different religion, have since forgotten.

yet whom he loved. From the other event I took what I

The parents of the boy, stricken feel to be a bit of eternal truth.

I would compromise war. I would compromise glory. I would compromise everything at that point where hate comes in, where misery comes in.

where love ceases to be love, and life begins its descent into the valley of the shadow of death. But I would not compromise Truth. I would not compromise the right. Henry Wattersort.

Joseph Smith at Nauvoo By Harold H. Jenson

"Backward, turn backward, O time, in thy flight.

Make me a child again, Just for tonight."

soon die, but writing, like souvenirs safely guarded,WORDSlive on a testimony of yesterday. The remarkable exhibition of relics of the Prophet Joseph Smith, a reproduction

of a room from the "Nauvoo Mansion,"displayed recently for a limited time in Salt Lake City, brings back a picture of the life of a great martyr whose memory will live on forever. With the

passing of the Salt Lake Theatre, Utah's pioneer playhouse and the third oldest theatre in America; the tearing down of Social Hall

a few years ago, the building of the Federal Reserve where the

Gardo House once stood, great credit is due Herbert S. Auerbach,

whose hobby is to keep alive the spirit of the past, so that generations today may see and visualize what took place in days gone by.

Too few appreciate the historical interest attached to such places, and the exhibit already referred to, which must have been secured at great expense, is interesting to all members of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

The Nauvoo Mansion stood at Nauvoo, Illinois, and was notable for two things: It was the official residence of the Prophet

Joseph Smith, where with Emma Smith, his wife, he lived a happy family life amid, not luxurious, but comfortable surroundings; secondly, it was the place of entertainment for notables of the day.

History recalls that Charles Francis Adams, American Ambassador to Great Britain, who was largely responsible for preventing the cause of the Confederacy spreading, once stopped at the Mansion

House, sleeping in the guest room, which was so ideally reproduced in the Auerbach exhibit.

The reader will also recall that Josiah Quincy, the historian, slept in this house, and visited with the Prophet Joseph Smith fortythree days prior to his martyrdom. In a later history this famed

writer records of Joseph Smith, "It is by no means improbable that some future textbook, for the use of generations yet unborn, will contain a question something like this: What historical American

of the nineteenth century has exerted the most powerful influence upon the destinies of his countrymen? And it is by no means impossible that the answer to that interrogatory may be thus written:

Joseph Smith, the Mormon prophet."

Srpt., 1929920 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Prophet Joseph Smith's Cottage, Nauvoo, III.

One can picture this earlyday mansion as one of the sturdy pioneer type. The "Mormons"built to last, and visitors to Nauvoo

today will still find houses just as good, or nearly so, as when inhabited in the days when this place was larger than was the city of Chicago. For Nauvoo was then Nauvoo the beautiful, while today it is Nauvoo the fallen.

Though the Mansion House was a frame building, not built so substantially as were the homes of Wilford Woodruff, Brigham

Young and others, still it stands, the west front facing Main street and the south front Water street. The Smith family moved into it

on August 31, 1843, and the place was the scene of many a festive gathering. Poor and rich visited there, for Joseph Smith feasted the

unfortunate just as often as he did the first men of the state.

The Smiths have always been noted as a family who loved children. One cannot but picture the Prophet Joseph Smith with

his group of loved ones around him. The handmade rugs on the

floor, the homemade chairs and footstools, the spinning wheel in the corner, all bore mute evidence of busy days. Work was

paramount with those early colonizers. Each one had a part to do

and did it well. Although it is not likely that Joseph Smith had

time to make many of the things found in his home, it is likely that he often had to repair some of the furniture. In fact, the wickerbottomed chairs show signs of hard usuage and rather crude repairSept., 1929 JOSEPH SMITH AT NAUVOO 921

ing. To the children of the Smith household, their home was a

paradise as well as playhouse. One can even imagine the finger

marks on the many candlesticks of pewter and bronze, when lovingly the kiddies were sent up to bed, and told to be sure to "blow out the light,"for candles, in those days, were a luxury, and the candlesnuffer must have seen good service. The eightday and thirtyhour

clock, must have been a gift, like many other relics, for the Smiths could not afford many luxuries. The writer of this article is of the

opinion that a great many of the articles on display, such as the old metal lantern, handpierced and handwrought pewter pots, and other relics, were gifts to the Smiths.

A low rocker, with a handmade head rest, said to have been occupied by the Prophet, brings back memories of a loving father with children on his knee, and, as he rocks, the man thinks, and thinks, for he was a thinker, and had a heavy weight on his mind, the welfare of his people.

One pictures Emma Smith at the spinning wheel, or the old wooden churn, whose handle is worn thin by long usuage. One

also sees her tucking the children into the two little beds and the crib, which were made of walnut, beautifully hand carved, and still stand as complete as when used by the Smith family.

From this scene of happiness, one pictures a home of grief.

For history recalls that the body of Joseph Smith lay in state in the Mansion House after his foul martyrdom at the hands of a cruel

The Prophet Joseph Smith's "Mansion House."Nauvoo. 1842

Sept.. 1929922 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Interior Mansion House, Nauvoo, III.

mob. His body was viewed by sorrowladen people, who passed

silently by his bier to see for the last time the form of a man who was loved dearly.

Thus ended the life of a real character in American history,

That a Church can grow from six members to over half a million, bears testimony that Joseph Smith's life was not in vain. The

song of life for him was ended, but his work will ever linger on.

Credit is also due W. C. Reimbold, who for sixty years

had these relics and safely guarded them at Nauvoo, exhibiting them to hundreds who visited the place. Mr. Auerbach, with John

Y. Smith, recently secured the exhibit, which is now assured of being

kept intact. This writer believes the best place for it would be

with the hall of pioneer relics at the State Capitol.

You want a better position than you now have in business, a better and fuller place in life. All right; think of that better place and you in it

as already existing. Form the mental image. Keep on thinking of that higher

position, keep the image constantly before you, you will not sudand—no,

denly be transported into the higher job, but you will find that you are preparing yourself to occupy the better position in body, your life—yourenergy, your understanding, your heart will all grow up to the job—and

when you are ready, after hard work, after perhaps years of preparation, you will get the job and the higher place in life. Joseph H. Appel.

Mental Holidays By Willard S. Elsbree, Professor of Education,

Columbia University Lecture delivered before Summer School Students, Brigham Young

University, June, 1929 Wellregulated Life upon a time there was an American citizen named WilONCEloughby Z. Smith, who grew ashamed of getting through the

day as a matter of course and set out to master the reason for everything he did.

"In the morning before picking up his shaving cream, he took pains to inform himself on the atomic structure of face lather, with special reference to the big bubbles which stick to the sides of the thefollicles and the small bubbles which go down to the roots of beard. Before he was through, Smith knew all there is to be known

about catalysis, thrombosis and periphratic monotheism as underlying a really comfortable shave. His razor he selected on the basis

of a thorough insight into diagonal and perpendicular incidence upon maxillary surfaces and only after a microscopic examination of the: 3 0.edge of the razor. By now it was 9

his "When he stepped into the bathtub, W. Z. Smith had under

in oneright arm the thinpaper edition of the Home Encyclopedia volume. There he read up on the physical structure and chemical

characteristics of household soap, with emphasis on the high sudsproducing qualities obtained from the sciolistic fermentation of the abrasive constituents secured through an intensive process of shooting the oleaginous elements from a battery of neon tubes revolving at the rate of 2,500 a minute. When he dried himself it was 10:15.

"As Mr. Smith pulled on his shoes he was careful to reflect on

the importance of a proper adjustment of the metacarpal ligament to the subliminary bones of the arch as an essential condition to the skelmaintenance of the erect posture which distinguishes the human eton from that of quadrupeds, who know nothing about Evolution.

He was careful to recall the fact that before he went to bed he would have taken 47,896 steps, according to the report of the United States

Census Bureau on basic conditions in the Central Competitive Area in the year 1925. It was now 10:55.

"Stepping into the little dairy room around the corner for his breakfast, Willoughby Z. Smith picked up the menu and conscientiously set himself to figure out the vitamins, the proteins and the

s*pt.. 1929924 IMPROVEMENT ERA

carbohydrates. It must be confessed that on occasional mornings

when he was in a hurry or in a particularly unsocialminded mood he omitted the calculations and ordered prunes, toast and coffee. But

that was not often. Five days out of six he took pains to make a

proper synthesis of the vitamins, the carbohydrates and the proteins.

He found it somewhat less simple than the problem of the interaiiied debts, but almost as easy to grasp as the statistics of unemployment and the drift from the farms to the cities.

"At 11:45 Willoughby Z. Smith arrived at his office with a

thorough, scientific understanding of everything he had done since he got out of bed. But being two and threequarter hours late for his

job he was informed by his employer that his services would be dispensed with at the end of the week."Quoted from a newspaper.

This case is an excellent illustration of the person who takes life all too seriously. Few people would actually be as extreme as Mr.

Smith, but there are many of us who approach him in our attitude toward the everyday affairs of this life.

No one would seriously question the desirability of being curious and analytical about the world in which we live and about our immediate jobs. Too many of us take our environment as a matter

of course and frequently overlook and thereby fail to appreciate some very interesting and significant facts about our daily surroundings.

However, life has become so complex and so intense that the seriousminded individual is doomed to despair. The teaching profession especially is faced with an almost impossible task in the matter

of keeping abreast of current developments in the field. Some teachers have told me that, in a single month, as many as twentyfive new

books bearing directly on their work have been called to their attenall the wisdom in these tion. How utterly impossible to assimilate

books before a new carload pours into one's office! Some of my

colleagues have advised me that in order to be really well informed

I should at least read the following periodicals: The Atlantic

Monthly, Harper's, Scribner's, The Literary Digest, The American

Mercury, The Saturday Evening Post, The New Republic, The

Nation, The National Geographic, Travel, The Forum, and The

Scientific American, and in addition ten or twelve educational periodicals. It is taken for granted that I read carefully the daily newspaper. Incidentally by actual clock hours it takes about threequar-

ters of a perfectly beautiful Sunday to do justice to the Sunday TimesIn addition to this list, I am supposed to belong to the "Book of the

Month Club,"the "Literary Guild"and the "Book League of America."I am frequently asked, "Have you read The Cradle of the

Deep? more recently referred to as The Cradle of the Duped. D'id

you like Galsworthy? or What have you read?"

s<p<- '929 MENTAL HOLIDAYS 925

1 felt embarrassed when a speaker referred to a current book with which I was unacquainted. Possibly a faculty member would

make some reference to a political struggle in South America which

I had entirely overlooked in my hasty perusal of the daily newspaper.

The thing troubled me so that I finally came home one day and announced to my wife that from henceforth and forever more 1 was going to keep apace with the literary world. Since making a living

consumed eight hours a day, sleep another eight hours, and meal,s two and a half hours, there remained but five and a half hours, ex elusive of Sundays, for reading, amusements, friends, and all the other activities of life.

By Herculean efforts I might have been able to carry out my literary program were it not for the fact that I was also besieged by friends to take advantage of the special opportunities offered by the

Metropolitan Museum of Art, the Theatre Guild, the Opera, the

New York Symphony, special concerts at Carnegie Hall, and various and sundry exhibitions. Many of the names of artists, sculptors,

poets, and musicians which I frequently heard mentioned might hav* been commanding officers in Mussolini's army for all I knew. It

was evident I was overlooking a wealth of culture and beauty that would contribute greatly to my enjoyment and pleasure, to say nothing of the fact that an intimate knowledge of the arts would enrich my teaching decidedly.

After considering the time at my disposal and the immensity of a comprehensive cultural program, I threw up the whole attempt as utterly impossible. I went to five consecutive big league games, renewed my associations with Mary Pickford and Doug Fairbanks,

bought a new fishing rod and a set of golf sticks, had my tennis racquet restrung, took in every good musical comedy in town, and planned to dine and dance with my friends every fortnight at Greenwich village. Temporarily the pendulum swung in exactly the opposite direction from my original program. It was evident to me

that art, music, and good literature all had an important place in life but that one could scarcely hope to become a connoisseur in all these lines with only five and a half hours a day at his disposal.

Even if it were possible to keep well informed in all these fields it probably would not be desirable to make the attempt, for it would make us consumers rather than creators. Our entire time would be

devoted to the task of getting acquainted with the work of others with no time left for original work of our own.

The usual advice given by the successful to the young people who yearn to become creators is: "Work, work, work; concentrate

on your job; stick everlastingly to it: remember that genius is nothing but an infinite capacity for taking pains."

Sept.. 1929926 IMPROVEMENT ERA

If we wish to become real creators, however, and not just plodders and routine workers, we must not take this advice too literally.

Highly important as work, study, and concentration are, they are not the sole foundation of great careers. Indeed, if such advice were followed conscientiously it would prove as much of a hindrance as a

help. No matter what the field in which we are working, whether it

be music, art, literature, science, business, or education, the psychological process of forming ideas is the same.

When we are working, studying, and observing, we are filling our minds with new facts, the material out of which ideas are fabricated. Some of the information acquired is retained in the conscious

portion of the mind for everyday use, but much of it is stored away in the subconscious vaults of the mind. It is in this subconscious

portion of the mind that our best thinking is done; here ideas are conceived as a result of the interaction and association of the facts and

knowledge which have been acquired from time to time.

Yet as long as these new ideas are in the subconscious they are of no use to their possessor or to anyone else. In order to become of

use they must be transferred to the conscious region of the mind.

Unfortunately, that transference cannot be effected at will. Nor can

it be effected so long as the mind is consciously and tensely preoccupied.

We should, therefore, give our minds from time to time a mental holiday. The sine qua non of the creation of ideas, of originality,

is mental that permits us to reap the benefit of our leisure—leisure

subconscious thought.

The testimony of great men gives ample support to the doctrine that flashes of insight come during periods of mental relaxation. Mozart, for example, conceived the aria for his "Magic Flute"quintet

while playing billiards; Alfred Russell Wallace had the doctrine of

evolution suddenly and unexpectedly presented to his mind as he lay daydreaming on a Malayan island. Galileo first got the idea of a

pendulum when he happened to notice the motion of a huge bronze lamp swinging from the roof. Finsen lying on a roof idly watching

a cat move constantly from shadow to sunshine first thought of the light cure which is now used so effectively. Beethoven used to walk

cross country carrying a notebook to record ideas which came to him as he strolled. Nietsche goes so far as to say, "Do not trust an idea

unless it has come to you in the open air, when one is in free motion."

Edison says, "I find that in my own case the details of carrying out new ideas are arrived at by hard thinking, but the ideas themselves are pulled out of the air so to speak. They come as a surprise."

Now ideas are not the exclusive property of genius. Every individual of normal intelligence and a thorough background of

s*p'> 929 MENTAL HOLIDAYS 927

knowledge in any given field is a potential creator of ideas. Add to

this a keen interest and a reasonable amount of mental leisure and the creation of ideas is almost assured.

Just how is one to go about being creatively lazy? There is no

general formula since individual tastes and peculiarities must be taken into account. In general, everything which makes for complete mental relaxation for the individual concerned, whether it be taking a

stroll, musing by the fireside, fishing, riding, or doing anything else which does not absorb his conscious attention, predisposes to ideas.

In conclusion then. "Be lazy on occasion if you would profit

to the utmost from the labors of your hours of conscious thought and effort."

The Rockies

Like giant sentinels they stand.

Guarding the valley down below;

Those lofty peaks, so stately, grand.

Could tell of many a tale of woe.

Their tale, exceeding fairy lore.

Would tell of hardships met and won

How pioneers in days of yore.

Braved winter's cold and desert sun.

How earth, so barren and forlorn.

Took on new toil and sow, life—men

And lo! a paradise is born,

Where man might live and work and woo.

Of romance, too, full many a song

They'd sing, had they the voice, for while

The woe. the toil, the pain was long.

The heart, the soul of youth must smile.

O guardians of those stalwart men

Who built a glorious commonwealth.

Keep well thy trust! Nor falter when

All seems in vain; men live for pelf!

Thy silent watch will foster faith;

Thy steadfastness will reverence bring:

Thy towering majesty well saith:

Ascend. O man, to higher things!

Benson. Arizona MAY D. MARTINEAU

When Jed Met The Comanches By Carter E. Grant, Principal of the Jordan Seminary

[Author's note: On page 844 of the August issue the statement is made that "General

William Ashley had induced Provot to run for governor of Missouri. * * * This

should read: General William Ashley, who the fall before was induced to run for governor

of Missouri but had been defeated.]

Because Jedediah S. Smith's thrilling ward to meet the Yellowstone and

frontier experiences weave themselves Missouri. Twelve days later, where

so persistently into the trails followed the Yellowstone joins the treacherous by the "Mormons,"we are again givcurrent of the Missouri, sweeping off ing an account of his explorations. He toward the States, a real mishap

is credited with accomplishing more greeted them. "In effecting a landing

than any other American in bringing at the junction of the two rivers,"so the great unknown regions of the West Beckwourth informs us, "we unforto the attention of the world. With tunately sank one of our boats, on

his Bible and rifle) he moved ahead of board of which were thirty packs of the pioneer, and from his letters we beaver skins, and away they went learn that he pursued the trackless floating down the current as swiftly regions of the "Great West,"feeling as though they had been live beavers.

it a sort of divine duty toward future (As each pack contained one hundred humanity. From a letter to his brothskins, worth five or six dollars a

er, Ralph, Christmas, 1829, written pound, some fifteen or twenty thoufrom a "frozenup"lodge on the Wind sand dollars'value was rapidly slipping

River Mountains, Jed tells why he away.) All was noise and confusion

continues to face these perils: "It is in a moment, the General, in a perthat I may be able to help those who fect ferment, shouted to save the packs.

stand in need, that I face every danger. All the swimmers plunged in after

It is for this that I pass over the them and every pack was saved."The

sandy plains, in heat of summer, scribe continues, "The current of the thirsting for water where I can cool Missouri is swift, but to our impamy overheated body. It is for this tient minds a locomotive would have

that I go for days without eating, been too tardy in removing us from and am pretty well satisfied if I can the scenes of hardships and privations gather a few roots, a few snails, or to the scenes of our friends, our sweetbetter satisfied if we can afford ourhearts, our wives and our little ones.

selves a piece of horseflesh, or a fine we came in sight of the city—When

roasted dog: and most of all it is for (St. Louis) we were saluted by a

this that I deprive myself of the privipiece of artillery, which continued its lege of society and the satisfaction of discharges until we landed at the marthe converse of my friends!"But he ket place. There were no less than a

adds that two friends ever are with thousand persons present, who hailed him, the Lord and his Bible. our landing with shouts which deafWe now turn to Jed where we ened our ears. Those who had parleft him on the Big Horn river. On ents, brothers and sisters, wives, or

August 7, 1825, Ashley and Smith sweethearts, met them at the landing:

with twentyfive men, having built and such a rushing, crowding, pulling, bullboats, loaded in all their beaver hauling, weeping, (weeping for those packs and supplies, some $200,000 lying scalped in the distant valleys) worth, and began their voyage northand laughing I have never before witSept.. 1929 WHEN JED MET THE COMANCHES 929

ncssed. Everyone had learned of our We are told that many of the white

approach by the courier sent ahead."men during the encampment married

Beckwourth says, "Our cargo was Indians girls. Beckwourth "fell heir"

soon landed and stored, the men told as he put it, to one of these maidens.

they would be paid off that afternoon "She was of a light complexion, smart, at the store of Messrs. Warndorf and trim, and active, and never tired in her

Tracy. We reported thither in a efforts to please me, seeming to think

body to receive our pay. The full that she belonged to me for the rest

amount was counted out in silver to of her life. I had never had a servant

each man. Accordingly we all repaired before, and found her of great service

to Barras'Hotel and had a glorious to me in keeping my clothes in repair, time."making my bed, and taking care of

As General Ashley's share of the my weapons."But the Sad part of

furs netted him a rather comfortable it was, when Beckwourth left the fortune for those days, he decided to mountains a few years later, the young, dispose of his Rocky Mountain interfaithful wife and her dependent babies ests to Jedediah S. Smith and his saw the "White Chief"never again,

companions. It was agreed that Ashno never! for he had returned to the

ley, knowing | the market, should "lassies"of St. Louis. Beckwourth,

handle the furs sent by the new organhowever, was no exception to the rule.

ization. In order to effect the conLittle wonder, that after twenty years

templated change, Sublette, Bridger, of similar abuse, the tribes of the

Jackson, and other mountain trappers Rocky Mountains looked upon Presimust be brought together in the spring dent Young and his men with forto meet Smith and Ashley at the bodings of evil. The marvel is, not

Weber rendezvous. Accordingly that the Indian became cruel and faithJames P. Beckwourth and two comless, murderiing and scalping indispanions were hired to make the long, criminately, pursuing his victims stealhazardous bold and almost thily when he was outnumbered, but journey—a

foolhardy enterprise. But, as we have with eagle craftiness when surroundseen so often, these men really did ings favored him; but the marvel is,

their best only while gambling with that with all the Indian's artful cuntheir own lives. Arriving west of the ningness, the white man should find

Green river, the messengers learned that any peace whatever in the western

Cache Valley had been selected for the wilderness. It really seems possible

fall rendezvous. Neihardt says that that these savages of the deserts are of

when the last trappers arrived late in Israel, and when they "begin to be

October under Sublette, the united gathered many generations in,—not

bands moved slowly southwestward shall pass away before they shall beto the Weber where Ashley should come a white and delightsome people."

meet them in the spring. The Book of Mormon gives their

This string of two or three hundred origin, declaring that they are of men. many having Indian wives and "Joseph."

children, with horses and outfits, must While on the Weber, Beckwourth have made a real frontier picture as further writes, "A band of Bannock they came out of Cache Valley, movIndians swooped down upon us one ing toward the present site of Ogden. stormy night and drove away eighty

To this town of lodges there later came of our horses. Here was work we

more than two thousand Snake Incould not allot to the squaws."Such

dians, selfinvited, to spend the winwork, inviting reckless fortitude, the ter of 182526, twentytwo years betrappers seemed rather to enjoy. It

fore Brigham Young and his first broke the winter monotony and gave scouts arrived in the Salt Lake Valley. them a chance of a thrill without much

Sept., 1929930 IMPROVEMENT ERA

danger of being injured. Well equiphead waters of the Weber,) and they

ped for the fray, fifty men under the had suffered much from thirst."Very

fearless Fitzpatrick and Bridger, like few of the trappers at the lodge village bloodhounds on the trail, followed accepted the report favorably, believing through the deep snow five days norththat a large lake situated in the tops ward. A surprise attack proved more of the mountains, surely had an outthan favorable to the mountaineers. let to the ocean. It remained for Jed-

"We succeeded in getting off with the ediah Smith, however, to prove the number of our own missing horses and "Arm of the sea"a Great Salt Lake, forty head besides,"adds Beckwourth, for such it was known for twenty and "in the engagement, six of the years prior to Pioneer times.

enemy were killed and scalped, while Toward spring, away went the not one of our party received a scratch. trappers up the various streams, Bear

The horses we captured were very fine river, Weber, Ogden and north to the ones; and our return to camp was Malad and Portneuf. Young in

greeted with the most lively demonThe Founding of Utah, tells us that strations."Thus we see the educathe name Ogden comes from Peter

tion given the Indians. Skeen Ogden, a fearless Hudson Bay

At this time the great leader, Subtrapper, well educated, and a son of lette, began a fearful mountainous a prominent Montreal judge. Many

journey. We read, "During the abof his experiences are dramatically told

sence of Fitzpatrick's party, Sublette in his journal. He writes that among

owing, doubtless, to the letter received the Flatheads on the upper Columbia, from Ashley, had decided that his busiorte of his men having offended an Inness interests made necessary his presdian chief over a horse trade, that he, ence at St. Louis; and he had started Ogden, got the blame and was senwith but one companion, Black Harris, tenced to be shot. "What?"finally

on the trail that led back to the States exclaimed Ogden. "Do you think a

thousand five hundred miles white man fears to die? Shoot!"and—one

across a blizzardswept mountain and he bared his breast before the wouldbe prairie wilderness!"One can hardly executioners. As the Indians looked

imagine an experienced trapper like into the unflinching eyes of Ogden,

Sublette beginning what appeared to they hesitated. "Hold!"cried the chief.

be an absurd undertaking. But any- "He a brave man. No shcot!"Folway, "he reached St. Louis safely, following this, the chief's daughter, Julia

lowing untold hardships."Mary, fell in love with the fearless

During late February of 1826, four trapper. Following the marriage celemen went down the Weber and out bration, Ogden and his young bride

on the waters which had been discovwith some fifty men, most of them ered by Bridger, as we shall learn in having Indian wives and children, our next narration, the purpose of the moved southward into Cache Valley.

visit was to find the outlet to the Jed found them here while on his

Pacific Ocean. Neihardt says, "After great northern trip of 182425. It

three weeks these men, being the first is interesting to note, how at this early after Bridger to ride upon the salty date, how many men were seeking brine, having circumnavigated the lake, beaver up and down the valleys of the returned to camp with a tale of unmountains. No wonder that by "Pioprofitable labors. They found neither neer times"few furs were to be found.

beaver nor the Buenaventura (meaning Even though the trappers swiftly the great opening or river that they scattered from the approaching rensupposed ran to the Pacific, and the dezvous of 1826 on the Weber, still at river Ashley thought he had found the the arrival of Ashley and Smith with year previous when he fell upon the "a great train of fifty men and a hunSept., 1929 WHEN JED MET THE COMANCHES 931

drcd packhorses and mules,"the few ance. Here is his own record of the

seekers, as if called by radio, were first and second day's presents:

promptly gathering again. Even the 2 yards of red ribbon.

Snake Indians rallied also, as Beck- 3 yards of red stranding.

wourth put it, "to the general celebra10 awls.

tion which was freely indulged in by 1 razor. 1 dirk knife.

all parties. But the unpacking of 1 brasshandled knife.

the 'medicine water'contributed not a 40 balls and arrow points.

little to the heightening of our festi- 2 dozen rings.

vities."72 lb. of tobacco.

When the articles of agreement were drawn and signed. "July 26, The next day he gave:

1826, near the 'Grand Lake'(note the 1 tin kettle.early name) west of the Rocky Mountains,"the firm passed into the hands 4 razors. 2 dirk knives.

of "Smith. Jackson, and Sublette,"2 butcher knives.

Fitzpatrick desiring to forage for him- 1 dozen combs.

balls.self. Ashley then returned to Mis- 4 hawk

souri, and, two years later, was 2 stretch needles.

1 pound powder.elected to Congress, serving two terms. 50 balls,

We might state here, that this man be- 3 looking glasses.

came a bitter enemy of the Saints, 2 dozen awls, buttons.

being in Congress when the "Mor- 1 large greenhandled knife.

mons"were expelled from Jackson

County in 1833, and later from MisSmith, having been told of a river souri in 1836. He could have helped running from the south into the Salt

calledshield the Saints in their afflictions had Lake, found the stream now he desired. It is rather singular that the "Jordan,"and became one of the

its wahe should struggle to help open the first white men to gaze upon trails of the West and then assist in ters. Forward he pressed past the

driving the Saints out of his State topresent site of Salt Lake City and ward those trails. In Church history through the Jordan narrows, catching

we read, "The governor, judges and beaver as he proceeded to Utah Lake.

other State officials were in turn apSkirting its east shore, he moved southpealed to, and even the president of ward to the Sevier, which he called

United States was memorialized in Ashley's Lake. Some early writers

relation to the Jackson county tragedy. have led Ashley, himself, as far south

it is now definitelyCourteous replies came back, depreas this lake, but that, while in the Great Basin,cating and deploring what had taken known place, but that was all. The mob he was never south of the mouth of

river. See Utah Educathen was supreme."the Weber

tional Review, September, 19 2 7, "On the 22nd of August,"Jed in- "Ashley,"by Dr. William J. Snow,

forms us, out on the Weber, "I started who adds, "It has been asserted and south from the rendezvous with fifteen traditionally handed down, that Ashmen, fifty horses and a stock of merley brought a twowheeled cannon chandise, the latter for trade with the over the mountains in 1826, which

Indians."The first presents to the was later placed at a fort on Utah

Indians were given out in what is now Lake. Now there never was a post

Davis county, possibly near Farmingon Utah Lake. Moreover, it was in

ton. One marvels at the material he 1827 that the cannon was brought

carried; and, from the variety of gifts over, Ashley, himself, coming only as

his packs contained, he had an abundfar as South Pass. The cannon was

Sept.. 1929y32 IMPROVEMENT ERA

probably placed at the fort or post on saw the placid waters of the Great the Great Salt Lake near Ogden."Salt Lake.

Jedediah S. Smith is now recogFrom the southwest corner of the

nized as one of the first white men to salty sea Smith made his way to the pass through the Great Salt Lake Bear Lake rendezvous, reaching there

Valley. Provot (not Provost) moved June 27, 1827. Two months later,

south a little later, trapping the however, aspirations gripped him. He

streams of Utah county, and thus we must return to may California—he

get the "Provo"river. (See "Provot,"have been somewhat modern in his

Utah Educational Review, January, without Pullman longings—anyway,

1928.) After passing the Sevier, or aeroplane, he and his pack train

Smith continued on to California. He were again at the Colorado river which

says the Indians he saw in southern they crossed and followed down to the

Utah raised many vegetables, (espeNeedles as before. Here while Smith

cially "corn and pumpkins,"the Inattempted to recross, heading for San dians themselves wearing rabbit robes Diego, the Indians, having been hired for clothing, as no large game by the Mexicans to keep out the abounded in that country. "Yankees,"murdered ten of his men.

As Mexico at this early time was With the remaining nine Jed made a astir with United States over the nineday dash across the desert; but he

Texas Territory, which had formerly was captured again and placed in prisbelonged to Mexico and which was on, this time threatened with being sent now in revolt, she and her people to Mexico City. Four American caphated everything "Yankee."Theretains, however, took matters pretty

fore, when Smith reached the Franwell into their own hands; got Jed reciscan Mission at San Diego, he was leased and started off north after giving

arrested and imprisoned. Finally set bonds for $30,000, and promising that

free upon the promise to leave the Smith would be out of California country of California, he trapped within two months. Twenty years

northward for over three hundred later, the "Mormon"Battalion camped miles, then turning eastward in the near this same mission when Caliearly summer of 1827, he succeeded fornia was taken from Mexico, 1846after perilous hardships and the loss 47.)

of many horses in crossing the Sierra Smith now resolved upon a bold

Nevada's snowpacked mountains, but excursion, he would trap the Pacific so difficult was the trail that all but coast a thousand miles to the Columtwo of his men turned back. For bia. Having been to the Columbia

twentytwo days Smith and his two north from Salt Lake, he determined to companions struggled forward across visit it at Fort Vancouver. Week after

the American Desert, one pack animal week, success smiled upon his trappers.

after another went down. At last but Finally a year had passed. It was

one poor horse remained. This night now July 13, 1828, and his men were

the three men, gaunt and weary, sank on the Umpqua river, a hundred miles down to rest beside their holloweyed south of the present Portland, Oregon.

pony. We are told that Jed quietly Here, following some difficulty with a

produced his "Book,"reading aloud chief over an ax stolen from the trapto his companions. The shades of pers, a terrible massacre occurred, and

night drew themselves deeper about so sudden and unexpected did it come the weary men, but with the first signs that fifteen of the eighteen men went of day they were moving again. This, down at once under the knives of the

however, was to be a day of joy, for, swarming savages. Smith, not being

upon reaching a rising desert mound, in camp at the time, was met by the far away in the hazy distance they two men who escaped, and together

Sept.. 1929 WHEN JED MET THE COMANCHES 933

they hurried to Vancouver, the British coming the "First American Overland

Fort, belonging to the Hudson Bay to California"had been dearly purCompany. These stricken Americans chased. Two thousand miles or more,

were in the very center of the disputed most of the way on foot, was his one "Oregon Territory"over which the round trip.

Yankees were crying, "Fiftyfour, As the spring rendezvous of 1830 forty, or fight!"Twenty years later, was to be held on the Wind river, the

1846, to avert a war with England, three partners with their men now

United States accepted the fortyninth pushed eastward toward the Yellowdegree north latitude, the present stone district.

Canadian line. After many stirring adventures durKnowing that the wilderness ing the winter and spring of 182930,

soldiers of the two nations were on the Smith, Jackson and Sublette sold their verge of war, we marvel at Smith's interests to Fitzpatrick, Bridger and boldness in knocking at Fort Vanothers. By October, 1830, Jed and

couver for aid. The kindhearted Dr. his friends had sold their packs at St.

McLaughlin, nevertheless, who manLouis for more than $80,000. There

aged the British interests, showed himis a coincidence here, relating to early self a true Christian. Upon hearing Church history, worth noting. Jed's

Jed's story, McLaughlin sent buyers to arrival was six months after the "Morthe Umpqua river, seeking trade with mon"Church was organized, and the the Indians. When all the furs were same month, October, that the Lord,

secured, those bearing Smith's brand by revelation, called Oliver Cowdery, were turned over to McLaughlin, who Parley P. Pratt and two or three other

reprimanded the Indians for murdermissionaries to travel westward from ing the Americans, and then gave Jed New York "to the borders of the La- a draft on the Hudson Bay Company manites,"proclaiming the Gospel as for twenty thousand dollars for the they proceeded. The flourishing branch

packs. He also insisted that his new at Kirtland was established and many

friend remain at the Fort all winter, persons baptized before the brethren partaking of hospitality, the like of reached St. Louis, where Smith and

which Smith had never before known. hundreds of other trappers were winDuring the following months, Mctering. Did these Church leaders realize

Laughlin, Jed and a Catholic priest as they conversed with these mounspent much time with their Bibles. taineers from the distant Rockies that

Mr. A. S. Clark, in Pioneer Days sixteen years later men, women and

of Oregon, has this to say of Mcchildren by the thousands would be

Laughlin, "Over six feet high, powerwending their way toward the trails fully made, with a grand bead on of the Platte, South Pass and the massive shoulders and long, snow- "Great Salt Lake?"

white locks covering them, he was a As Independence, Missouri, some splendid picture of a man. The Intwo hundred miles westward, seemed

dians knew him as the 'White Eagle'to be "the border of the Lamanites,"and they respected him as they never thither the missionaries traveled. Here

did anyone else."He is very properly also followed Jedediah S. Smith, Jackstyled "The King of Old Oregon"in son, Sublette and Fitzpatrick who had

Skinner's, Adventurers in Oregon. now joined the group; for trapping

When the Columbia was cleared of headquarters were now being rapidly ice, Jed pushed eastward hundreds of changed to Independence, this being miles to Pierre's Hole, on the headcloser to the frontier. As this westwaters of the Snake. Here his comern trading town had been located but

panions met him, but three men only four years, it was destitute of trees and had survived. Smith's honor of bepleasant surroundings, the houses of

Sept.. 1929934 IMPROVEMENT ERA

frontier type, logs and dirt roof. The wishes he could have remained at Incitizens were mostly after the order of dependence for another sixty days and

town, rough and unkempt, with a met the Prophet Joseph and twentyhabit of doing nothing today that can eight other missionaries, who by revebe pur off until tomorrow. Many lation came to this little western town

western trappers made up the citizens, and dedicated the land as "the place some even living with their Indian for the city of Zion,"and the site for wives and halfbreed Indian children. the great "temple of the latter days."

Therefore, when the famed Smith, As we look back on thes'e early events,

Fitzpatrick, Jackson, and Sublette and we see that it was with no little awe eightyfive men came driving into the that the villagers of Independence little village with twentytwo heavily learned of the revelations given their loaded wagons, called prairie schoonpeculiar friends from the East, not ers, and trailing a sixpound brass only claiming Independence, but all of cannon, besides, the villagers all Jackson county, as "the place of their turned out. Among them were Oliver inheritance."In the midst of it all,

Cowdery, Peter Whitmer, Jr., Ziba too, came the Colesville branch, about

Peterson, and Frederick G. Williams, thirty in number, and a conference was

and a number of converts that these held and the Prophet and others spoke missionaries had baptized at Indeof "Zion and her future."(Three

pendence. Parley P. Pratt, having years later 1200 people were driven

been sent back to Kirtland, was not from Jackson county, 200 homes and present at this time. As the "Morseveral grist mills burned. We are

mon"missionaries were holding meettold that although the people have ings and preaching in the village, it been moved, the place of Zion has not, is only natural to suppose that out of and the days are coming when all the curiosity Jed, who loved his Bible, words spoken by God's prophets are attended some of the services and conto be fulfilled regarding that land.)

versed with the "strange ministers."As Smith moved southwestward

Oliver Cowdery certainly could have day after day on the Santa Fe Trail, interested the great trapper, for Oliver the large, wellequipped train gave evstood next to Joseph and had seen ery evidence of security. "Within two

the Savior and other heavenly mesdays after striking out from the sengers, had seen the golden plates, Arkansas river,"Neihardt tells us, "the and had written from dictation most party began to experience the tortures of the Book of Mormon, as the words of thirst and the famishing animals fell from the lips of Joseph Smith. began to die. Confused by a maze of

Oliver, having the book with him, buffalo trails that led nowhere, may have even put it into Jed's hands, taunted and misled by lying mirages, bearing his testimony at the same time. Smith and his companions struggled

Here, indeed, ranged western life! on."Of this land, Gregg in his ComAnd what a chance for learning of the merce of the Prairies, writes, "This

West these early missionaries had! tract of country may truly be styled

For here were mighty frontiersmen, the grand prairie ocean; for not a single

having visited the "mysteries beyond landmark is to be seen for more than a visible emithe western horizon."On the 4th forty miles—scarcely

of May, 1831, Jed and his wagonnence by which to direct one's course.

train moved out of the village on the All is as level as the sea."Then Gregg

to the to tells the melancholy story of the last road—not Rockies—but

Santa Fe, New Mexico, with seven days of the mighty Jed. He had been

hundred seventyfive miles of prairie informed by a buffalo hunter who had wilderness ahead. As this was to be been trading with the Comanche InSmith's last journey, one almost dians who committed the tragedy.

Sept.. 1929 WHEN JED MET THE COMANCHES 935

"In this perilous situation, Capt. however, he soon scratched out a basin

Smith resolved at last to pursue one a foot or two deep, into which the of the seductive buffalo paths, in hopes water slowly oozed from the saturated it might lead to the margin of some sand. While with his head bent

stream or pond. He set out alone; for down, in the effort to quench his

besides the temerity which desperation burning thirst, he was pierced by the always inspires, he had ever been a arrows of a gang of Comanches, who stranger to fear; indeed he was one were lying in wait for him! Yet he

of the most undaunted spirits that had struggled bravely to the last; and, as

ever traversed the Rocky Mountains. the Indians, themselves, have since reBut, alas for the unfortunate Capt. lated, killed two or three of their party

Smith! After having so often dodged before he was overpowered.'.'

the arrows and eluded the snare of the In horrifying glee the Comanches wily mountain Indian, little could he pounced upon their dying victim, tearhave thought, while jogging along uning off his scalp and stripping his der a scorching sun, that his bones were wounded body of its clothes, and, destined to bleach upon those arid then, what was that falling from the sands! He had already wandered many pocket of his heavy shirt? Snatching

miles away from his comrades, when, it from the sand, they quickly turned on turning over an eminence, his eyes its were no pictures. leaves—there

were joyfully greeted with the appearThen opening it to the pages most ance of a small stream meandering worn, they gazed at the print. Could

through the valley that spread before Jed's spirit have spoken, it probably him. It was the Cimarron. He hurwould have quoted, "I am the resurried forward to slack the fire of his rection and the life, he that believeth

parched imagine his disapin me though he were dead, yet shall lips—but

pointment at finding the channel only he live."

a bed of dry sand! With his hands.

PreRequisite

What of a day to a century, What of one little hour, What of a rain drop drowned in the sea,

What of a trampled flower!

What of the rue at the foot of the rose,

What of the aphis stain, What of the tares that the reaper sows,

Along with the golden grain!

What of the heartache, what of the doubt.

Fretting the days along.

What of the soul with its joy gone out.

What of the wasted song!

Needed the spur of the opposite

Thus shall we crave the good, Negative plan and prerequisite

That Truth shall be understood!

Mesa, Arizona Bertha A. Kleinman

The Great Out of Doors By James P. Sharp

Some time ago I read the following pages to some part that was particularpoem and was reminded of the times ly pleasing and read it over again. To-

I had spent in the "Out of Doors."night I am going to turn back some of

That night I went to Mutual and the stories written in my Book of Life, was asked to speak to the Scouts upon and will read to you some of the pages some of my experiences as a boy, when of that book. It will be told in lan-

I was on the western desert, and after guage you can understand, for it is the story was finished, one of the hardsimply what happened to me when a est boys to manage asked where I had boy of your age, so will turn back read it. When ] told him it was just these pages for the space of from thirty

a story from my own Book of Life, to thirtythree years.

he asked me to write it and let him Our story begins in the south end take it to his parents to read. I preof Tooele county at a small town

faced my narrative with the verses where I was born and reared. This

written by Edgar A. Guest: town is situated on the edge of the

it is called, GET OUT OF DOORS Great American Desert, as and it was about the middle of May.

Get out of doors! 'Tis here you'll find For days we have talked about the

The better thanks of heart and mind, first spring roundup of wild horses.

Get out beneath some stretch of sky The boss comes out and tells us that

And watch the white clouds drifting by. tomorrow we will have to have two or

And all the petty thoughts will fade three riders ready to leave; so if you

Before the wonders God has made. boys want to go with us, you will

have to seek employment from one of

Go wade a trout stream in the spring, the other outfits, as this is a general

And brother with the birds awing; roundup and all the ranchers send two

Know what it means to wander far, or three men, and as there are six or

Your guide the sun or evening star, eight different outfits you see there will

Who sleeps beneath the open sky be quite a few riders. He picks out

Soon grows too big to tell a lie. the men he wants to go, and tells the

Get out of doors, the fields are clean, one in charge what horses to take. The

The woods will teach you nothing mean. riders go over their outfits to see that

Who toils beneath the summer sun there are no broken saddle strings or

Sleeps soundest when his work is done, cinches and to see if their ropes are

If splendid manhood you would know all strong, for we may have to use the

Get out where you've a chance to grow. ropes several times.

The next morning you are awake

Read deeply kindly nature's books, early, and each man sees to getting his

Familiarize yourself with brooks, own outfit ready. This means he

And with the majesty of trees must see to his saddle, bridle, rope,

The constant industry of bees. "chaps,"or leather riding breeches,

And all that shapes the Master's plan. and his spurs, slicker and gun, as all

cowboys carried guns in those days.They'll teach you how to be a man.

The man in charge of the outfit goes

Sometimes when you have read an to the storehouse and gets a packsad- appealing story or poem, you will stop dle and bags and sees that the brand and think it over and turn back the of the outfit we are riding for is on

Sept., 1929 THE GREAT OUT OF DOORS 937

the saddle as well as on the bags. He will get along. Just then Horace Rockthen gets as much flour as will be well, a relative of the much talked of

needed of what we called the "self- O. P. Rockwell, appears, looks us over

rising"variety. All it needs is to be and then seeing the brand, the Jew's

mixed with water and baked and it harp, on the horses we ride, says cheermakes good bread. He then cuts off ily, "So you are the Sharp riders?

some bacon and some fresh beef and Well, give your horses all they can gets soap, towel, a few cups and drink. That sign is for strangers. Go

spoons, some knives and forks, a few and camp by the corral. You will

matches, salt, pepper and sugar. Somefind the Wine Cup and Pot Hook D.

times he puts in a can of syrup, but boys there already. I've been expectseldom, as this generally gets spilled ing you boys for some time, and have

and is a regular bother, so we leave kept the horses out of the north pasture it this time. All of this he puts into and the feed is fine. Turn in."

onei of the bags and into the other he We meet the other riders. They are a

places a bakeoven, frying pan and rough but jolly and goodhearted lot.

coffee pot. I will tell you why we The head men of each outfit get totake tea and coffee. In that part of gether and appoint a boss for the

the desert we are going to, water will roundup. It may be any one of you,

be scarce and some of it will be bitter but before you can expect to be the or have a salty taste which makes you Big Boss, as we call him, you must feel like you had been taking castorhave been on many of these trips, as oil; besides, it makes you sicker than there is a lot to do that you never

does the oil. dreamed of.

This pack is now put on the horse

Each outfit starts to get supper.with your bedding on top. and with a

Someone is asked to mix bread. He islong rope and a lash cinch you learn

to tie what we call a "diamond hitch."willing but can't find the bread pan.

This is easily explained. As no boysIf you do this properly your pack will

left it behindarrive at camp all safe. like to wash dishes, we

is always some We are ready to leave and the extra on purpose as there dough left in the pan and this is asaddle horses are driven in. Each man

is given from five to eight horses to waste. So one of the older hands at

ride, so you see when we get all the the business takes the sack of flour and makes a round hole in the flour andfifteen or twenty riders together, and it upeach man has as many horses as we pours in a cup of water and stirs and soon has a nice ball of doughhave there are more than one hundred which he places in the bakeoven, andhorses to start with. But we will need

up the sack. There is no panthem all before we get back. The ties

to wash and no waste of flour.riders are to gather at Point Lookout.

is ready and eaten and This is the last water we find before Soon supper going on the desert proper, and is the you go to bed soon after, knowing it will be hardold station of the Overland Stage, as that from now on it was called. It was the scene of more work.

than one holdup in early stage days Your bed is made on the hard when the mail went through these ground and you wonder how it will valleys to California. Some other time be possible to sleep; but it is always

I may tell you of the stages and holdcold on the desert as soon as the sun ups, as I learned the stories from my sets, so you pull the covers up and father, but not now. look at the stars and think, and before

We ride up to the house and see you know it, are asleep and you heai a sign, "Water One Cent a Gallon. a voice calling, "Breakfast,"as the bosj

Horses 15c,"and we wonder how we has a cook appointed for the outfit.

Sept., 1929938 IMPROVEMENT ERA

You open your eyes and see that day move, besides our legs are chafed conis breaking. After a hasty toilet and siderably from not having ridden bebreakfast, the horses are brought in fore, and as we watch some of the

and work begins. The boss leaves older riders rubbing their chafed legs

two men with the cook. These are to with salt and flour or bathing them

follow with the saddle and pack aniwith salt and water, we try it, and as mals, and here is where the brand on soon as the salt touches the chafed part your outfit helps, for as soon as you we make for the spring to wash it off, are up you roll your bedding and put but by the time we get there, we decide it in a pile with your pack saddle on to let it go as it has partly quit.

top, and the men left to pack up know We lie down exhausted on the bed which horse to put it on. for a moment when supper is called, so

It is nineteen miles to the next water we get up and, after a bite, return to and it will not be reached before nightbed and are all prepared to turn in for fall, so the boys have filled their the night when the boss comes along pockets with chaparral leaves to suck, and says, "You are on graveyard as this will help to keep them from beshift."You reply that you are dead

coming too thirsty. tired, but not dead. It is explained

Nothing happens today, and as you that you are to night herd from ten ride along on the desert, all in a string until relieved by the day herders next about half a mile apart, you think, morning. Here is where your partner

"What a snap."comes in handy, for a good boss never

The distance here is deceiving. Granhas the two that bunk together work

ite Mountain, about forty miles to the together, so while you doze your west, looks but a short distance away. chum gets your horse ready.

Surely at scout pace could be reached At ninethirty you are called and in an hour, but as you ride it gets no go out with the other men and relieve nearer. We now turn south and head those on watch and thus spend your

for Simpson Springs, where we arrive first night in the saddle and will have about sundown, having rounded up plenty to think of. If it's moonlight

possibly fifty horses. These are put you sit on your horse on one side of

with the saddle band for the night and the band assigned to you, the other all turned up one of the draws to the riders doing likewise; but if it is dark,

east. There are no corrals and only you ride around the herd all night

the remnant of the once Overland. We trying to keep just so far from the

are in Uncle Sam's pasture and it is a rider ahead, not an easy thing to do.

big one. To the south about eighteen Well, after years, as it seems to you,

miles is a spring of bad water; west the first light appears in the east, the

it is fortyfive miles to Fish Springs birds begin to sing and you are not and north I can't tell how far to water. so lonesome, and think only of getbut to the east there are numerous ting to bed. Soon you are relieved,

springs. There is not a ranch on this then you get breakfast and to your disrange of forty by sixty miles. may the boss tells you where to ride

The next day we ride and make it today. You determine that when you

back to camp by noon, but as we can are boss you will let the night herders see some of the boys way out west sleep all day.

having trouble, the boss has us change Some days, when the horses you are horses and go out to help them. One rounding up are exceptionally wild, a

thinks it is only a short distance, but man will ride as many as four horses, we ride mile after mile before we reach so you see why there are so many in our companions, whom we help back the saddle band.

to camp with the wild band. By this Now let me tell you of the many

time we are so tired we can hardly things the boss has to know. Some

Sept.. 1929 THE GREAT OUT OF DOORS 939

of the riders have been out south and Besides being a boss he has to be drunk some of the bad water. When doctor and everything else. You nothey reach camp it has either affected tice this morning as you are getting

their kidneys or bowels and in either up a night rider comes in and speaks case makes them very sick. If it afto the boss who immediately mounts

fects the kidneys the boss sees to it you a horse and rides away. You all sit

are given the gum off the pinion pine. and wonder where he has gone. Soon

This you chew and swallow all the he appears and, calling to one of the saliva caused to flow, and swallow as best men, tells him to take as many well some of the gum. Generally you men as he will need to get that band

will be all right by the middle of the of horses to the nearest place where next day; in fact, I have never seen a they can be corraled, and to get them

case this treatment would not cure, but there before night. He adds that the

have heard of some, and to these was men have begun "stringing"the band, given a tea made of the juniper berries. which means that one rider has led

However, I never saw this tried. If out and the others are slowly starting

the bowels are loose get some slippery the band to string after him. As there

elm and make a tea or if this cannot are possibly five hundred horses it will be found, get the root of crow foot take a long time to start them. The

and if none is handy, take some tea riders leave, and one man follows with made from the root of the wild rose the pack animals.

which can always be found. Some The leader must also be a peace

drink the tea made from mountain scout able to read the signs. This one

rush or, as it is also called, joint brush, has read the sign which tells him that or Brigham tea, as I have heard that a storm is brewing. You will not bePres. Young recommended it to the lieve it for there is not a cloud in the

early settlers. I would not advise this, sky and besides it seldom storms on

however, until you know how it afthe desert, but when a storm breaks fects you, for to some it is the greatest it is generally an electrical one, and the physic they can take and to others acts lightning and thunder are something exactly opposite. If the bowels don't awful, though we usually have little

move properly we will drink a tea rain.

made from the black sage or else from We are not asked to go with the the wild grape root, but riding conband and therefore can rest, as it is usestantly and with only coarse food, this less to gather more horses until after will hardly be needed. If one of the the storm. Ten times the men we

men has had a bad spill which frehave could not hold a band of desert quently happens, and is all bruised up, horses in a storm at night. The boss

bathe the bruise with strong sage tea is uneasy all day, but as night comes into which quite a bit of salt has been on and no storm, he feels easier. He

added and soon the soreness and swellknows with good luck the band is ing will disappear. For toothache I safe in the large corral at the ranch

have seen the cavity filled with sage twenty miles to the east. You go

brush ashes and also have seen dry tea to bed and laugh at the boss's mistake, leaves used and the toothache stopped, for you have not thought so much of whether through the belief or some him since he made you take your turncurative property, I cannot say. One

man in the hills came in contact with at night herding.

poison ivy, and to cure this, a tea was Sometime during the night you are made of the shad scale, which is a awakened by the awful crashes of small salty bush, and the parts that thunder, and as you open your eyes were smarting or burning were bathed you are nearly blinded by the flashes of and soon the smarting stopped, lightning that keep the whole country

Sept.. 1929940 IMPROVEMENT ERA

lit up with the strange blue cast seen with his soap and sugar and warmed so plainly on the desert. it. The rabbit was skinned and the

The storm leaves as suddenly as it soap, sugar and white of egg was put came without any rain, and as you on the cut and the rabbit skin, flesh lie and think it over, you rather adside next to the man's skin, was wrapmire the boss, feeling sure that had the ped around and held the poultice as band not been sent to some corral the moist as does the oiled silk that doctors work of the past would all be undone use now. The man was soon asleep

and no horses left to show for all the and all went well.

riding. The boss had read the signs Now we start to the ranches with

of the approaching storm in the actions our horses. We have from six to eight

of the wild horses, as anyone long conhundred. The boss is still worried,

nected with live stock can generally tell for any time something may go wrong when a change in the weather is comand cause a stampede, but we arrive ing by the actions of the animals. Th? safe and now the roundup is over as

next day we start to ride again and we turn the band in the large pasture by night the boys are back with the at the home ranch and the boss takes horses and we ride as before. There is a long free breath, the first for many

not much change, only today one of days.

the boys may kill a deer with his pistol Now let's turn back these pages toor another rope a young antelope or the present time and here we are in thecoyote.

meeting with a few minutes to spare, One of the boys has had a sore hand and I am going to tell you that aboutfor a few days and has not been able this time a man from Salt Lake cameto sleep for some time. Now his hand

is all swelled up and a small kernel to our ranch and tried to get us to move to a more desirable country. Hecomes in the arm at the elbow and said the Lord would never own asoon another comes under the arm pit,

country where the water was bad andand he may be delirious, so the boss where there was nothing but sand andorders one of the men to make a strong clay with wild horses and coyotes evsage tea, bathes this sore hand for an erywhere, and behind most of thehour or so. He has also sent a man

bushes were rattle snakes and lizards.to hunt for some birds eggs and busies

is the difference betweenhimself mixing soap and sugar and Now what melting these with a little water into the desert and the city? Not much, as

I see it, only here the sand and claya thick paste. A cottontail rabbit is

shot, cottontails are generally found are built into houses and there it is stores wherenear these desert springs. The boss not. Here we have drug

sharpens his pocket knife on his boot by paying an enormous price we can until it is like a razor, and then he get a substitute mixed up with a lot dips the blade in the hot sage tea, lets of sweet syrup that tastes good, while it boil and everything is ready for there we have the real medicine. As

what? The boss takes the hand firmly to the snakes, coyotes, lizards and

and, with a swift stroke, lances the such, don't you have them here, only swelling in the dark spot in the center. in a different form? Out there they

It reminds one of the boy who said are in their natural state and element, he liked to stub his toe, for it felt so and all are taught to look out for good after it quit hurting. As soon themselves, while here we have them

as the cut was made, the matter and but of more deadly kind, and they are corruption came and with it some dressed up and parading around as blood that was nearly black and very men. That to me is as much God's

thick. country as any I was ever in and I

The boss now took some of the would sooner trust a snake there than white from the birds'eggs, mjxed it; here.

The Brimming Cup By Elsie C. Carroll

"No. really. Clara. I ought not to that she doesn't come for him because

sit down. I just ran over a minute she has company or has forgotten

while the girls are finishing up the something like baking powders or dishes. I wanted you to have some of vanilla when she was shopping the

this fudge pudding I got a recipe for day before. I don't suppose he'll be

while I was gone, and I saw so little back for half an hour; Nancy won't

of you last night that it was not posknow what brand of this or that she sible to tell you how much I apprehad better try and she'll have to tell ciate your kind of looking after the him all about Lucy's new sonin-law.

family while I was away."Jen SidAnd besides. Clara, my story maybe

ney set the dish of pudding on her will help you to see things like a neighbor's kitchen table and took the woman ought to be able to see them."

rocker Clara Burke brought in from "Well, I'm right hungry for a visit.

the other room. I really didn't know how much neigh-

"I was glad to do what little I bors meant until you were gone and could. Jen. but it really wasn't much."I couldn't visit over the fence every

tell me all about your trip; "Oh. but it was. Rvth has been day. Do

telling me how you came right over it must have been grand."Clara drew

chair nearer to her friend.and took care of Philip when he had her own

"Not in the way you think. Dothe croup and they were all so fright-

I leftened, and how you helped with the you know, Clara, ever since mending, and were always bringing in Mae's last Thursday there's been a kind of proverb, or saying, fussinga dish of something to helo out with around in my mind trying to find athe meals. It's something to be

itself: but somehowmightv thankful for to have a neighway to express

bor like you. Clara: especiallv when the right words wouldn't come until

I was measuringone kind of Ices one's head like I did this morning when and goes off on a foolish tangent, negthe orange juice for the pudding sauce.

I saw that golden juice almostlecting her family."When

"My goodness. Jen. whatever makes ready to run over the sides of the cup.

to meyou feel like that. T think it was Mae's own words came back

I knew they expressedwonderful for you to have such a with such force what I was feeling inside—'Thetrip, and no one deserved it more than

you did."Brimming Cup.'

"You don't know what you're talk- "You and Mrs. Hamilton used to be

girls, didn'ting about. Clara, hot I really am glad chums when you were

I went, for I learnd a lesson that you?"Clara asked, to recall her neighevery hardworkin? mother of a big bor from the train of thought into

which she had suddenly fallen.family ought to learn before it is too

late to profit by it.""Yes,"Jen answered, throwing off

I hadn't seen "Why. whatever do you mean, Jen? her abstraction. "And

Did something happen?"Mae for fifteen years when she came

"I believe I will stay long enough to here to Granger last month. We grew

tell you about it. Clara. Dick has up together and used to sing duets

gone to the store with Nancy Watfrom the time we were in Miss Fackkins. There's never a Sunday passes erell's chart class. I remember we drew

Sept., 1929942 IMPROVEMENT ERA

cuts to see who was to have the part sick of baked beans and ricepudding of Snow White in our first school every washday, too; and of smoky

operetta, and all through the grades walls and sagging doors and faded and high school we sang together at rugs and secondhand chairs; and of

every entertainment of importance."perpetual, toylittered porches and

"I remember hearing my cousin walks. The thought of Mae in a big.

Molly talk about your singing when shiny car made me tired of life as I she'd come to Dalby to visit us."knew it with its work and humdrum

"Then when Mae's Aunt Nellie t e r n a 1 scrubbing and sameness—e

from up in Wyoming decided to send scrimping."

her to Boston to have her voice "I know just how you must have trained, everybody began asking father felt. I feel that way lots of times."

and mother why they didn't send me, "Well, when I went back to the too. Some folks, like old Uncle Hank washing after dinner, I was thinking

Daniels, even went so far as to say of the brilliant success Mae had made.

that my voice was better than Mae's. She had not only done well in music,

Father and mother took the suggestion but had married a railroad official or seriously, and after spending a few something of the sort. At any rate,

days and nights figuring, told me I her sister Dora had reported when she could go with Mae if I wanted to."came back from a visit with Mae, that

didn't take her home had fifteen rooms and three "Oh,—and—you—youa chance like that?"baths and a greenhouse, and that she

"At first I was thrilled with the had a French maid and a chauffeur.

thought and began to make prepara- "I had never considered myself an tions to go. Then Dick came over envious person, but as I bent over the

from Dalton where he'd been working washtub that afternoon, I tell you.

all summer in Mr. Thompson's dryClara, I was thinking pretty bitterly

goods store, and don't know how the good things of life are mighty well—I

just how it happened, but we deunevenly divided.

cided to get married that fall."Again "I wondered how long Mae would

Jen fell into deep thought, her neighbe in town and if she would condebor studying her curiously. scend to call on her old friends. And

"It must have seemed good to see right while I was thinking about it I a little strange,"suggested thought I heard someone at the fronther—and

Clara. door. I straightened up and listened,

"Yes. it did. It was Monday and for I knew it would be just my luck

washday when Dick told me, as he for someone to come; I hadn't even

came in for lunch, that Mae was in cleared the lunch table.

town. Lew Thorne had walked up "Well, I decided that the noise I

to the store with Mae's brotherin-law. had heard must have been from the

When the children came in from sandpile where the twins were playschool a few minutes later they were ing and bent back over the scrubbing all excited. Katie Lawrence had told board, when all at once I saw somethem that her aunt from the East had one pass the kitchen window, someone

come to visit them in the biggest, in a brightblue suit and a flameshiniest car that had ever been in colored scarf. A horrible premonition

Granger. And do you know, Clara, flashed to my mind and panic seized

that suddenly the wall paper on our me. Why hadn't I at least cleared up

kitchen seemed unbearably dingy and that table, I asked myself. And the

I felt tired and discouraged all over. rest of the house was a sight, too—not

Then when Junior looked over the a bed made, and the doors all open, table and said, 'Gosh, beans again?'and blocks and toys strewn all over

I silently echoed his disgust. I was the livingroom floor.

Sept.. 1929 THE BRIMMING CUP 943

"I brushed back straggles of damp the side of the house, and their hair and tore off my dirty apron as I curiosity had brought them in. They

heard a tap at the door and a voice stood staring at her when she spoke

I knew at once was Mae's calling to them, and sidled a little nearer to 'Jen, are you like she me, Marian putting her thumb in her home?'—Just

used to. mouth as she always does when she is

"I felt sick all over as I opened the bothered.

door. There sure enough was Mae "Mae exclaimed about what a picprettier than she had been fifteen years ture of health they were, but I was

ago, and almost as young looking. sure she was only trying to be polite.

And do you know she seemed as As I was telling the twins to run out tickled to see me as I was embarrassed and play, I could see Mae's eyes taking to see her. in all the shabbiness and ugliness of

"She said she couldn't wait any our home.

longer to come and see me and that it "When we were alone she asked me seemed ages since we used to sing tohowever I managed with four children gether and go to Hailey's for ice cream besides the babies. She said it was no

with Dick and Jack Henrie."wonder I looked thin and tired. Then

"And she was as sociable as ever?"she came right over by me and took

asked Clara, interestedly. my hands like she used to when we

"It surprised me too, Clara, for as were girls, and said she had come to close as we'd been I expected her to be make me promise to go home with too stuckup to act as if there was no her on a visit when she came back difference between us now. Well, somefrom Dalby in a few days.

how I managed to lead her to the liv- "I started to tell her how impossible ingroom, picking up caps and balls such a thing would be, but she cut and marbles as we went, and trying me short. She said I'd stayed here

to straighten chairs and rugs. and drudged for fifteen years and that

"As she sat down on our faded old I certainly needed a rest and that she settee she kept saying how good it knew the family could get along withseemed to see me. I tried to hitch out me for a month for she had just

the overstuffed rocker over the spot been to the store and talked it over on the carpet where Junior had spilled with Dick and he had said he'd have the ink, as she was asking me to tell his sister Grace come and help out with her all about myself and Dick and the the children. As she went on with her

kiddies. Dora had told her we had arguments I could feel myself being

six children and that one of them was swept off my feet just as I used to named for her. be when Mae planned things for me

"Well, we had scarcely got seated to do. She always had a way of getwhen the twins came trailing in, ting what she wanted.

dirtier and more untidy than usual on "I knew it was too wild a thing account of washday. Marian had on even to dream of, but she'd thought of

an outgrown apron of Ruth's and was every obstacle I could bring up, and clutching a squirming kitten; Marcus told me how lonely she was with her

with a big hole in one leg of his husband away for several months in rompers, and with a broken supporter, Europe and how really pleasant she was dragging a battered toy wheelwould make the visit for me, until the barrow full of sand, dribbling the first thing I knew I was saying that sand along the floor as he walked. I'd love to go and was promising that

"Clara, I don't believe I was ever I really would think about it.

guilty of being ashamed of those "When the children came in from happy, healthy babies before. They school a few minutes after she had left

had seen Mae as she had passed along they wanted to know all about the 944 IMPROVEMENT ERA Sept.. 1929

beautiful lady they had met who had sisted on my buying, with the money told them she would send them a lovehe was saving for a cash register, and ly surprise if they would be good while telling the family goodbye. And do

I was visiting her. They were all you know, Clara, guilty as I feel now

excited about it, and I'll declare if I to confess it, I had a sort of elated wasn't getting excited myself. Our feeling that morning that maybe I

house seemed so small and hateful and would never come back? I had found

ugly after Mae had been there. I was myself vaguely arguing with myself

ashamed of that feeling, but it kept that I had given fifteen years of growing, and when Dick came home drudgery to my family, and that mayall enthused over the trip, I dropped be my talent had not been dormant too my last bit of resistance and let mylong to be cultivated even now.

self be thrilled over the prospect of "Mechanically I kissed the children getting away. and was not even moved when Junior

"Dick kept saying what a wonderful wondered if he could really have his trip it would be, and that I certainly birthday if I wasn't there to make his deserved it, and he was sorry I couldn't cake. Dick had arranged to go to the

have more things like that. But he store an hour later in the morning so

said he guessed we had some things he could help see that things went

Mae might envy, and I remember how right and I wouldn't have to worry.

I stared at him and wondered what. Just before I got into the car he took

"The washing was out of the way me in his arms and held me close. He

by that time and the house as tidy whispered that he was mighty glad I as a childfilled house ever is. The was going to have this rest, and he

children had picked up the things called me a pet name he used to call from the yard and the porch, and Dick me before we were married, and there had brought smoked salmon and was the same huskiness in his voice bananas home for supper. Under orthere had been the night we thought

dinary circumstances I would have Philip was dying with the croup, and been contented and happy. But I he told me the house and the town

couldn't help noticing how awkwardwould be empty with me away, but ly Philip handled his he that they'd get along fine and I must fork—and

nearly nine; and there was dirt back have a good time and not worry a

of Junior's ears and Mae's hair didn't minute. I was ashamed even at the

have the sheen it might have with time that I was conscious of the fact more careful brushings. The twins that he hadn't shaved and that his

seemed unusually boisterous and even tie was crooked.

Dick irritated me when he reached for "And then we were off.

the butter instead of asking to have "I turned back once and my last it passed. I thought it certainly would glimpse was of Dick, a twin on each

seem good to get away from the ugly, shoulder, and the other four children scrimping, hard life I had chosen for waving frantically."—all

myself, and see for once the kind of Jen paused so long, that her friend life I might have had. finally broke the silence.

"I guess you remember the next few "I imagine the trip was wonderdays, Clara, my mad rush to get ready ful, in a car like that."

for my trip.""Yes, it was. During the three

"I should say I do, and I surely days'journey I relaxed and threw off envied seemed so grand."as completely as possible all thought you—it

"Well, I could hardly realize that of home. I was having a wonderful

I really was going until 1 found mydream, and it seemed to me that I self standing by Mae's big, shiny car would almost rather die than be awakdressed in the new suit Dick had inened from it. Mae petted me and did

Sept.. 1919 THE BRIMMING CUP 945

a thousand little things for my comat first, I found my mind wandering fort and pleasure. Time and again back if Grace was inhere—wondering

I thought of what Dick had said about sisting on the twins drinking their our having a lot of things he guessed milk, or if Junior's coveralls were beMae would envy. I wondered how a ing mended when he tore them, and if

man could be so blind. Dick was getting his bowl of hot milk

"Clara, Mae's it's and toast the nights he had to stay home—well

simply grand. Nothing Dora had late at the store. I thought, too, of

told us about it was exaggerated a bit. Junior's the cake I birthday—and

Why, my room was just like the grand wouldn't be there to hurt! make—It

rooms we see in the movies. The car- "All the time Mae went on planpets were so soft that at first I wanted ning things we were to do, and I

to get up in the night and walk on didn't have courage to tell her I was them; and there were lovely pictures homesick and wanted to go back to

and tapestries and beautifully polished Granger. She thought I was going

furniture and long mirrors, and every to stay a longer. month—maybe

day fresh flowers. Well, I never "And then one terrible night I

could have imagined it all. And to woke up in cold horror. I knew it

think that Mae and I had been chums! had only been a dream and that I was

"Mae dressed me up in lovely foolish to tremble so, but I couldn't clothes and took me to concerts and get rid of that picture of Philip being operas and of them she carried, with his leg all mangled, from recitals—some

took part in introduced Slide Hill. I lay there for a moment herself—and

me to her fine friends. At first I felt motionless. Clara. I can't tell you

timid and awkward, but soon I was how I hated that big, still house with just plainly thrilled with it all. its silk draperies and soft carpets. I

"When my thoughts would straggle felt that I would have to scream in back here to Granger, I would tell mymy loneliness and longing for my dingy little home.self that this was my vacation—maybe

the one big event in my whole life "At last I got out of bed. I thought

and I wasn't going to spoil it with I would steal down stairs to the living wondering whether I was doing my room and read one of the new magduty. azines I had glanced through earlier in

"After the first wonderful week, I the evening. I knew I must do somebegan to notice that the big house thing to get rid of that terrible dream.

sometimes seemed dreadfully still and And then tomorrow, I told myself, on empty. I would find myself waking the very earliest train I was going

suddenly in the night, with my hand home! I promised God that if he

reaching out to see if the twins were would only keep my loved ones all covered, or snuggling over to Dick's safe until I got home, I'd make it up side of the to find that I to them and to him for the thing I bed—only

was alone. The places Mae took me had done.

didn't seem so interesting as they had "I was going cautiously down the at first and I found myself criticising hall so I would not wake Mae or the to myself the things Mae's friends servants, when I was stopped by the talked about. What did it matter sound of sobbing which I was sure was

who won at the Kenton bridge party, coming from Mae's room. I stood still

or how many courses Mrs. Lawhorne wondering what it could mean. I

served at the luncheon for Lady Devdidn't know whether to go in or not.

enport, or what kind of dress Kath- I remembered, then, that Mae had been erine Hepplewhite was going to wear unusually quiet all afternoon and evenat her coming out party? Instead of ing: in fact ever since two men had

drinking in such nonsense as I had called and had talked with her early

Sept., 1929946 IMPROVEMENT ERA

in the afternoon. At first I thought so sorry for her. Imagine me feeling

they had brought news of some finansorry for Mae!"

cial loss. But the sobs didn't indicate "Was it a shock to out her—finding

that kind of trouble. They were about her husband?"

coming from a real heartbreak. "No, she had known for a year

"At last I knocked on the door, what was coming, and she had tried and went in. Mae, dressed in a beautito make herself believe that she didn't

ful negligee, was sitting on a low stool care. She even confessed that she came

before a big window. The moonlight back here to Granger to see me in my

was the only light in the room. I poverty because she thought it would

went to her and tried to soothe her be a consolation to her to know that at as I would my own Mae or the twins. least she had something better than

"She didn't say anything for a little that. But she said she didn't get the

while, but at last the crying gradually consolation she was looking for. My

wore itself out and she began to talk. life, she told me, showed her what she

As long as I live, Clara, I'll never forhad missed. It showed her how shalget that night. Why, what she told low a career is compared to the life a

me was just like a chapter in a novel. woman ought to live.

Poor, poor Mae! "Clara, I wish you could have heard

"And to think I had been envying some of the things she said, 'Jen,'she her. Well, it was right then and there asked me, 'what have I got that is

I got my lesson. worth one of your lovely children?'

'Jen,'she said, 'you have thought And I didn't have a thing to answer

I have everything to make me happy. her.

Because I have money and a fine home "Then she told me that she had and influential friends, you have wanted children, and had always thought my cup of life was filled to thought that when she had made her the brim, while you had only the name she would settle down and rear dregs. But, oh, Jen, it isn't so! It is a family. But her husband had

I who am drinking the dregs. It is laughed at her.

you who have the brimming cup!'"And do you know, Clara, sorry as

"And all at once I knew that she I was for her, I couldn't say one word was speaking the truth, and I knew of comfort. I was overflowing with

that Dick had been right when he said gratitude for my own blessings, and he guessed we had things Mae could felt so sorry for her! She told me

envy. that she had known the day she came

"Well, Clara, she told me of her to see me that I was envying her the marriage. She said she supposed I had mere dry bones of life, while she was

heard what a lucky match she had envying me the love and sacrifices that made; but she confessed that she had make up real living.

married Robert Hamilton because he "And then I told her I wanted to had plenty of money and because he come home. She didn't try to perhad friends among the kind of people suade me to stay, but she refused to

she wanted to know. She confessed come with me as I begged her to do.

that now he had grown tired of her She said it was too late for her to find and that the two men who had been happiness my way; that she had

there that afternoon were lawyers who burned her bridges behind her and had come to see if she would give her could not go back; that she would

husband a divorce so he could marry just have to make the best of things another woman with whom he was as they were. But I did hate to leave

infatuated. in that big, empty house, her—alone

"Clara, I even forgot how homewhen I came away the next morning.

sick I was as I listened to felt "Clara, when I got off the train last her—I

Sept.. 1929 THE BRIMMING CUP 947

night it was just getting dark. Of standing by the table looking at the

course no one was at the station to funny paper and Philip, with both his meet me because they didn't know I legs sound and well, was making a was coming. Mae wanted to send a top over by the waste paper basket.

telegram, but I wanted to surprise They seemed happy and getting along them. just as me. A sickenusual—without

"I wish you could know, Clara, ing feeling came over me that maybe how humble I felt as I walked toward they hadn't missed me and wouldn't that little home that had seemed so care how long I stayed. A lump in

dingy to me two weeks ago. When my throat was choking me as I opened

I just felt like I was walk- "But, Clara, the shout that went up walk—whyI entered the gate and started up the the door.

ing on holy ground. The window when they saw me, and the way they

shades were crooked and the usual all rushed to that was the me—why

litter of toys was on the porch and I happiest thrill of my life. I'll always

knew that the kitchen paper would be have that to remember if I ever feel even a little dingier than when I had any signs of getting discontented. Oh,

left, and that the bathroom door I tell you Mae was right about my would still squeak, and that there having the brimming cup.

would still be endless scrimping and "Why, Clara, you are not crying?"

drudgery; but, oh, Clara, I could

"No, Jen, I'm just finding out that hardly wait to get into the house.

I "The girls were setting the table I have a brimming cup too—and

it before."for supper. I could see them passing I didn't know

back and forth to the kitchen. I saw "There comes Dick back from the

Dick pick Marcus up and give him a store. It took Nancy plenty of time

playful toss in the air, and I heard to decide what she wanted. Do run

the baby's delighted shriek and deover, Clara, and thanks again for all mand that he do it again. Junior was you did while I was gone."

The Highest Beauty The crafts of men are lauded, Nature's handiwork is sung.

The things of life applauded.

The bells of glory rung.

Man, satisfied, reliant, Content in realm and pow'r, Sees not the gems of truer worth,

Sees weeds, but not the flow'r.

In mortal world, in realms of men,

Or heaven's unknown parts, What beauties found, or grace abound.

Like a child's untarnished heart.

Castle Dale. Utah RAY M. WILLIAMS

aTHE ERA IN EVERY HOME"Era Week September 22 to 29

Be sure to have your subscription renewed during Era week and become a charter subscriber to

2i Improvement Era NEW Combined with the Young Woman's Journal

For many years there have been the magazines, and make of them one two Improvement greater and more valuable than either magazines—the

Era and the Young Woman's Jouralone could be. In this new Era

principally to the inwill appear miscellaneous articles, nal—devoted

terests of the M. I. A. Each has filled fiction, poetry, dramatizations, etc..

its own place, offering fine encouragewritten by inspiring and able authors;

ment and an avenue of expression to reports from missions; material dealthose desirous of developing their ing with educational problems; and

literary talent; presenting articles and Priesthood and M. I. A. messages of

messages of importance to Church real significance to officers. It is to be

members generally, and giving de- a magazine worthy of the Associatailed instructions and suggestions to tions which it publicarepresents—a

Mutual Improvement workers. tion embodying the ideals and standOf recent years the plans of the ards of the Latterday Saints, and

Young Men's and Young Ladies'equalling the nationally circulated

Associations have drawn the two magazines in interest and value.

divisions more closely together, as a Watch for the first issue in Novemconstantly increasing portion of the ber.

work is joint. Believe in the future of the new

In view of this and other facts, it Era, and prove that faith by your has been decided to effect a merger of work in its behalf.

Bigger, Better Magazine A The price for the combined magazines is only $2.00 a year

"The Era in Every Home"Messages From the Missions Conference in Virginia

District President Neldon L. Richconference, was held at Huntington,

ards of the West Virginia South diswhere the Saints and friends who trict in the Eastcentral States mission filled the chapel enjoyed the counsel writes of Pres. Miles L. Jones and the reIn sending a group picture of the marks of the visiting missionaries.

missionaries in attendance at the recent The following day (May 19th) annual conference of the West Virmany attended the three splendid sesginia South district, we unite in sendsions held in Charleston. At each

ing greetings to our coworkers Pres. Jones presented some inspirationthroughout the world and friends and al and instructive thoughts, and the

loved ones at home. talks of each of the missionaries were

The first of our five sessions of very uplifting. Special musical selecMISSIONARIES OF WEST VIRGINIA SOUTH DISTRICT. EASTCENTRAL STATES MISSION

Front row, left to right: Neldon L. Richards, district president: Miles L. Jones, mission president:

Sister Miles L. Jones: Edith Wooton. West Virginia North district; Alice Jenkins, West Virginia

North district; Irma Bihlcr. mission stenographer; Mary Burch, Melba Cox. Middle row: Alma

Hanson. R. Evan Gee. West Virginia North district; Marlin Erickson, West Virginia North district:

Alberta Gren. Edith Young. Margaret Inkley. Top row: DeLos Anderson. Fenno Casto. G. Ross

Huntington. Bruce Lyman, president Kentucky district: Clyde Hollingshcad. Mclvin S. Hamilton,

president West Virginia North district: Derald Stowell, James Ball.

Sept.. 1929950 IMPROVEMENT ERA

tions were arranged by the local memMany opportunities are presenting bers and added much to the spirit of themselves in the tracting and meetings the meetings. held by the elders. The lady missionThe concluding session held at aries have five non-"Mormon"priVerdunville, was favored by the same maries which are held regularly each

interest and spirit which accompanied week with an attendance of 20 to 40 the previous sessions. Many were in boys and girls. These are wonderful

attendance there who had never beopenings for the Gospel message.

fore attended a Latterday Saints'We take this opportunity of exmeeting. pressing our appreciation and thanks

We rejoice in the truth and its for the Era as it is an invaluable aid steady advancement in the world. to the missionaries.

Sheffield District Conference and M. I. A. Day

After expressing appreciation of the held in our chapel in Sheffield, SunEra and stating that it is used as a misday, March 31st. Many interested

sionary medium, Elder John P. persons gathered to hear the stirring

Hopkinson, president of the Sheffield message of "Mormonism"and to pardistrict, adds: ticipate in the splendid services. The

An enjoyable spirit of Easter perspirit of the Lord Was present in meated the Sheffield district conference, abundance at all the sessions. PresiMISSIONARIES OF SHEFFIELD DISTRICT. BRITISH MISSION

Front row, left to right: Elbert C. Kirkham; Louis S. Leatham, district clerk; Gwendolyn Lund;

John P. Hopkinson. district president; Mission President A. Wrn. Lund; Josephine B. Lund; Alvin

G. Pack; Joseph S. Savage, president of the Liverpool district; Ralph A. Garner, European mission

office, and Joseph E. Whitehead. Back row: Rulon S. Scoville, Newcastle district; Virgil E. White.

Edward L. Hall. Leo V. Toombs. Hull district; George W. Linford, Richard K. Knight, London

district: Wesley D. Amott. Raymond H. Swenson. Lucian C. Reid. Arthur B. Livingston. Hull

district; Edward E. Morgan. Jay M. Smith, Henry J. Bates. Leeds district.

Sept.. 1929 MESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS 951

dent A. William Lund discoursed on poems, oratory and extemporaneous

the crucifixion and resurrection of our public speaking.

Lord and Savior, Jesus Christ, and All contestants joined wholeheart- bore solemn testimony to the truth edly together to make the day and and efficacy of Chri't's mission on program a success; and when the deearth. cision was announced by President

On Easter Monday, April 1st, a Lund, all felt that their participation keen spirit of friendly rivalry was had contributed to the growth of the manifest at the district M. I. A. finals. community and to the success of the

Since the inauguration of competitive event. Sheffield branch won the greatit also retains activities last spring, the Mutual Imest number of points;

I. A. banner for theprovement Associations throughout the the district M.

district have been bending every effort second consecutive year.

talent was discovered. These toward making the event this year Much

more successful than was the one held contests show that our people possess last year. The dreams of the members those qualities which make for useof the various branches were realized ful, happy citizens of the Church and

side of when they joined together to prove community. The practical

"Mormonism"has proved to be of that Sheffield district has the proper immense value in the lives of its adspirit for contest work among its herents. The spirit of cooperation

people. shown thus far has given all M. I. A.

The program for the day included workers a new incentive to greater debates, musical contests, vocal and inachievement and usefulness in the fustrumental renditions, essays, original ture.

Will This Interest You?

By Austin A. Carter

"Tonga I 'Where is that?"Such is for habitation by many Europeans.

the question submitted wherever the It is approximately four hundred miles above name is mentioned. People hear south and east of the Fijian Islands,

the name and wonder. and practically the same distance south

It The writer of this article made the and west of the Samoan group.

same startled interrogations when he is readily admitted the latter group exreceived a call from our beloved leader, ceeds our much beloved Tonga in

President Heber J. Grant, to go on a size.

mission to Tonga. There are three main divisions in

Responding to the call, I came to the Tongan group upon which our elders are laboring. The main islands this land, have labored among its peoof each group are separated from each ple and will endeavor to answer the

other by only a few hours travel if above question, and relate some of the suitable means of transportation could interesting things which have been obbe had. To be more exact, the main served here.

islands of the south and that of the

Tonga is but a small group of north are separated by a one hundred islands, some two hundred in number, and eight mile expanse of ocean, with gathered together in the Southern the third group situated between them

Pacific ocean. Wrapped in the glories and with many smaller islands dotting

of tropical splendor, a regular parathe huge ocean between these groups.

dise for the artist, it is a spot selected But travel between islands is accomSept.. 1929952 IMPROVEMENT ERA

plished in small sail boats and much tracted my attention on the island of time is thereby consumed. Togatabu, Tonga.

The Lord's work has been estabUnlike many other nations, Tonga lished throughout each of the three diis without any authenticated history visions, and we are striving to increase of former periods, and for that reason the number over the eleven hundred little or nothing is known of the origin and thirteen names now on Church of its people. Some renowned men

record. would have them of Asiatic descent,

The Saints and but we Latteralso nonmem- day Saints probers treat us well claim to the and no serious world that we hardships conhave learned front us. Tonga, much of them

needless to say, is and their anno longer infestcestors through ed with cannithe Book of bals. The peoMormon. Howple are well on ever, very few as

their way toward yet will accept c i v i 1 i z ation. our belief in this

Places of busirespect.

ness are plentiful, It is my firm education is their conviction that chief aim, and the workman who everything in the built the temples, government walls and arches, (which Sis reputas displayed in ed as being the Elder Ballard's only one comarticle, were very pletely without closely related to debt) is accomthe ancestors of plished in an orthe present generderly manner and ation of Tongans.

by well learned The Ha'amoga. or gate -way The things

men under the direction of a queen which I have already referred to are who also possesses an enviable educalled the "Lagi"in the Tongan lancation. guage, and infers, a place of rest. It is

Such are a few facts concerning here that the old line of Tongan kings

Tonga, but here is what I desire mostwere buried.

ly to say. Each of the larger ones, and there

In the September, 1927, issue of the are many of them, covers approxiImprovement Era, appeared an article mately an acre of ground, and are built written by Elder Melvin J. Ballard, of huge slabs of stone which are uniconcerning the ancient ruins of South form in size and in harmony with each

America and illustrated by a beautiful other in every respect.

array of snaps, with which to support In the center of the stone terraces the "External Evidences,"as he called they have dug graves and there buried them, of the Book of Mormon. their chiefs, while all about are great

This article was of great interest to trees hundreds of years old.

me, and I recollected some things of The slabs of stone in one particular like construction which had often at- "Lagi"are about twelve feet long.

Sept.. 1929 MESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS 953

four feet wide and over one foot thick. the Ha'amoga, and means a burden,

The other one consists of much larger consists of the same workmanship as stones, they being approximately four the Lagi's and is formed of huge stones feet square, on the bottom row of placed on end in the ground and reachstones, with smaller ones forming the ing to a height of twelve feet or more.

two upper rows. However, these too One day I called on an old Tongan

are wonderfully well proportioned and gentleman whose story of these ruins conform most exactly in size and is said to be the only authentic one.

workmanship. He was told it by his mother, who

The formation of the bottom row died at a very old age, and she in turn of the latter one awakens interest, for received it from her mother. This is

the corners are built of huge seamless all Tonga knows of the Lagi's and the is, they do not join with Ha'amoga.stones—that

other stones on the corner but extend Many years ago Tongans, under the around it about five feet, forming a leadership of Tele'a, a chief, visited jointless corner. This one stone I Uvea, an island some five hundred

have made mention of is twenty feet miles away and brought those monlong and has a regular fourfoot square strous stones on double canoes to shape, as the others have. Its weight Tonga.

would be extremely difficult for an inAll of their labor was accomplished, experienced person to estimate. Kindly as the natives believe, with the old

remember that, and it will be of inTongan ax, which was made from a terest when you hear of the way these smooth rock with ends sharpened were brought and made. somewhat. Through the use of these

One finds also an old stone gate very axes they cut out the huge stones, similar to that mentioned by Brother fashioned jointless corners, made them

Ballard, which is evidently the gatein almost exact proportions, and built way of a huge palace or place of worthese things which I have briefly and ship. This has long since crumbled, imperfectly described.

but the gateway still remains almost Archaeologists passing through and intact. examining them claim it to be old

This old gateway which is called Asiatic workmanship, and they even

. \ **. >%tJt*

TONGAN RUINS CALLED "LAGT Sept.. 1929954 IMPROVEMENT ERA

infer that the Chinese or Japanese peoObviously these things were built pie were the authors of it all. Of very long ago, and, I suggest, by the

course they connect the Tongan with same class of people who built those one of these two races. marvelous things of stone in South

After bringing the stones and deAmerica, and with a better grade of positing them in their present resting tools than a stone ax.

place, burials were performed therein, Every line of the ruins suggests and a few years ago one of the old sc iC nce and highly developed skill, the graves was opened and there was found ifa f which is absolutely unknown an old Tongan pillow made of ivory. arnon g the people today.

. a,., found carved ends was On the rper-

, did they., such ofc WhereT,. out-.hanging, withv, seeminglyson,learn..,..,.'l believe to th the',be Tongan it again buriedstretched arms. They u ngf the seed of Father Lehl 'dnfted it indeed there fearsthrough superstitious and

remains to this day. ar from his former home. ComparThe person who told me the story, ing these old relics with those of South

vouched for the authenticity of it, for America has been an additional force he assisted in uncovering it and saw it in strengthening my testimony of the himself. Book of Mormon story.

What Are We Going to Do About It?

By Dr. J. H. Paul, of the U. of U.

These reflections came to the writer during a recent visit to Bear Lake, to act as nature guide for groups of boy and girl leaders. Impressive reminders

of the findings of four leading American Hess, Leith. and economists—Ely,

frequent there. In their admirable work, The Foundations of Carver—were

National Prosperity, the authors approve the statling conclusions of Regnault, a French investigator, who finds that the decline of Greece, Rome, Spain, Italy,

Palestine, China, and parts of Austria, was due, not to the usual causes given by historians (wars, tyranny at home, emigration to other lands, poverty, and popular unrest), but to a cause only recently disclosed by investigations in failure to practice forest conservation. forestry-—the

Exploiting the elevated lands with herds of cattle and sheep, without any rules as to how the grazing should be carried on, led to forest destruction in the uplands and was quickly followed by floods, which poured down upon the lowlands. These resulted in widespread ruin of agricultural lands. Diseases

from the presence of malarial mosquitoes in the swamps and lagoons made by the floods followed in the wake of the flood losses. Then, of course, poverty

and disease discouraged the people, causing them to emigrate to more favored countries.

The investigations of Regnault have found favor with the Smithsonian

Institution, which published some of his results in its annual report for 1914.

The importance of all this to the people of the Rocky Mountain region may be precisely and bluntly put thus: Shall Utah and other intermountain states

become, like Spain, Palestine, China, Greece, Italy, another monument to the folly of forest destruction? If not, Western legislatures must act, and act

quickly.

That is the situation. What are we going to do about it?

"Mormons"Contribute to World Movements

Members of the Churds at large will scientific, well trained mind, together join with the General Board of Y. M. with his practical judgment, and the

M. I. A. in its feeling of pride in the further fact that he will doubtless aphonor which has come to two of its proach this task seeking humbly for

members. Dr. Franklin S. Harris and divine guidance, fit him admirably for

Oscar A. Kirkham. Reference has althis place.

ready been made in these columns to His selection came about in the folappointments which seem to have spelowing manner:

cial significance. During Leadership Week at the B.

No people in the world, not even Y. U., in January, 1929, Mr. Benorthodox Jews themselves, have a jamin Brown, selling agent of the

stronger belief in the fulfillment of the Utah Poultry Producers'Association promises made anciently to the Jewish and a member of ICOR, which stands race than do the Latterday Saints. for Jewish colonization in Russia,

There is ample reason for this feeling, mentioned to Dr. Harris the possibility

the promises made of old and recorded of a commission going to Russia and in the Bible having been reiterated, emasked him if he would consider becomphasized and more clearly explained in ing a member of it. Receiving a favorthe Book of Mormon. They are also able reply, Mr. Brown wired the insupplemented and interpreted by modformation to the head of the organizaern revelation, which declares repeatedtion in New York. After cable

ly that the Gospel is to be preached to communication with Moscow, the the Jews until they "look no more for Soviet government gave permission for a Messiah to come who has already an investigating committee of experts come."For centuries this race has selected by the ICOR. The chairmanbeen scattered. This is essentially a ship was then offered to Dr. Harris and

dispensation of gathering. the responsibility accepted.

It seems significant and fitting, Jews in America had been asked to therefore, that a member of the help the Jews in Russia to colonChurch of Jesus Christ of Latterday ize this tract. It is virgin counSaints, one thoroughly conversant try, supposed to contain many natural

with the ancient and modern predicresources, but will require a large tions, should be invited to act as chairamount of money to develop. To deman of a group of scientists and busitermine the feasibility of the whole

ness men who are to investigate a plan project, the likelihood of success, and whose aim is to "colonize a huge tract the amount of help needed, this comof land which has been set aside for mission was made up and sent to them [the Jews] by the Soviet governRussia.

ment in Southeastern Siberia, north of The personnel of the commission the Amur river."is as follows: Dr. Harris as chairman

Dr. Franklin S. Harris, president of and chief agronomist; Mr. K. B. Sauls,

the Brigham Young University, is the also of the B. Y. U., as secretary; Prof.

man upon whose sturdy shoulders this J. B. Davidson, of Iowa State College,

unsought responsibility has fallen. His as agricultural engineer; Mr. Kahn,

Sept.. 1929956 IMPROVEMENT ERA

commercial representative in America cathedral,"one of the greatest gatherof the Soviet government, as road enings of boys in the history of the gineer; Dr. Kuntz, of Columbia Uniworld. This is a duty which will

versity, who is already at Bira Bidrequire tact of an unusual order, for, zhan, as general adviser; Mr. Talmy, be it remembered, he will be directing

general secretary of the ICOR, as the the religious activities of Catholics, official interpreter; and Mr. Benjamin Protestants, Jews, Mohammedans,

Brown as marketing specialist and genBuddhists, men and boys of every reeral farmer. ligion and of no religion.

this writing no detailed report Russia has never been looked upon At as the ultimate gathering place of the of the Jamboree has been received, but

Jews, but to have them come together we venture the statement in advance into one cohesive group, or a number that our representative will perform of groups, is an important step toward this delicate task tactfully and impresthe fulfillment of prophecy. sively, will give no offense to the uninject To the multitude of friends and adbeliever, but nevertheless will

mirers of Oscar A. Kirkham, executive into the gathering the true spirit of resecretary of the Y. M. M. I. A. Genligion. Furthermore, of the 50,000

eral Board, it was no surprise to learn alert boys from 44 nations, the sons of that, unsolicited and in the face of all mankind, there will probably not strong competition from influential be one who does not know that this communities which had favorite sons, genial, sympathetic and dynamic man he had been selected by the New York is a "Mormon."

officials to go to the Scout Jamboree There are many able men among at ArrowePark, Birkenhead, England, those who are directing the Boy Scouts from July 31 to August 13. It was of America, but to find one who can

a great compliment to him. However, lead in singing, in praying, who can

it was not given as a compliment, but direct their religious expression and at solely because these hardheaded executhe same time be as much of a Scout tives, having a difficult job to do, as any of them, is not an easy task.

wanted a man who could do it well. This "Mormon,"because of his magHis friends were delighted to learn netic personality and the deep and sinthat Oscar's commission was to be "in cere love he has for boys together with

charge of general morale and to serve his comprehensive grasp of their probas the organizer of large religious oblems, will awaken respect for his own servances in the International Camp."and for all religion.

He, associated with other leaders, is It fell to Oscar's assignment to dito "prepare and direct the opening rerect the largest delegation to leave New ligious meetings in camp, and the closYork at any one time, 365 Scouts ing religious meeting in the Liverpool and Leaders.—C.

New Hand Book Supplement

Officers of the Y. M. M. I. A. will Much time is wasted by officers who

find it impossible to carry out the plans write to headquarters for information for the coming season's work as they which is given in our publications.should be carried out unless they are

Not only is their own time lost, butfamiliar with the "Supplement."The

various committees have put in hours that of the secretary as well. There is

of painstaking labor in its preparation. economy in preparedness.

Matters in this department pertaining to the Melchtzedek Priesthood are prepared under direction of the Council of the Twelve; those pertaining to the Aaronic Priesthood under

direction of the Presidina Bishopric

Aaronic Priesthood Activity An examination of the reports of encouragement to all who have been the Aaronic Priesthood activities for inactive or lacking an interest in quothe six months ending June 30 rerum work during the last six months.

veals the fact that in many wards of In the beginning of the year a lesthe Church the Aaronic Priesthood son program for each grade of the quorums are not properly organized. Aaronic Priesthood was provided for

Many of the ward reports show a the whole year. These lessons should

Priesthood membership of those holdbe carefully reviewed by the bishoprics ing the office of deacon sufficient to of wards and members of Aaronic organize several quorums, yet only one Priesthood committees in order to enor two quorums are reported organable them to get clearly in mind a plan ized. Some reports show an Aaronic of procedure for the remainder of the

Priesthood activity far below that year.

necessary to keep young men holding

The Presiding Bishopric feel thatthese offices interested in their quorum duties and assignments. there is no work required of those who

Now that the vacation season is hold the Priesthood which carries with it greater 'responsibility and greaterpast, everyone called to the responsiopportunity for real service than trainbility of leadership who is charged to serve in thewith the duty of training the quorums ing young men how

Church and Kingdom of God throughof the Aaronic Priesthood, including the activities of the Aaronic Priestthe stake Aaronic Priesthood comhood. Without proper direction andmittee, the bishoprics of wards and the

encouragement under wise and conward Aaronic Priesthood committees, scientious leadership, these young menshould immediately make a careful cannot be held wholly responsible forstudy of the condition of the Aaronic

Priesthood activities in each ward. their inactivity.

Each quorum roll book should be It is the sincere desire of the Precarefully checked with the ward memsiding Bishopric that all who are called bership record to determine if all holdto assist in this important work, if ing the Aaronic Priesthood are enthey have not already done so, will rolled. A study of attendance for the immediately prepare for a vigorous

last six months should be made and campaign of activity during the re- a plan agreed upon for giving personal mainder of the year 1929.

Current M. I. A. Publications

The following publications, of inThe Hand Book Supplement, 10c.

terest to M. I. A. workers, may be had The Adult Manual, "A Century of

from the general office of the Y. M. M. Progress,"35c.

I. A.: The M Men Guide and Course of

Threeact drama, "Success,"50c. Study, "Men Who Have Made Good,"

"The M. I. A. Book of Plays,"50c. 15c.

(Six oneact plays.) (This is a reprint of last year's Adult

Special Executive Officers'Edition Manual, "Captains of Industry.")

Hand Book Supplement, 15c. The VanguardScout Guide, 10c.

MUTUAL W0R EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT What Prominent People are Doing for the Era

That the plan of combining the that all members of the stake presiImprovement Era and Young Womdency, the high council, the stake clerk, an's Journal is meeting with great stake superintendent and secretary of favor and that all are determined to M. I. A. are now charter subscribers.

make the magazine a success is evident "We feel that this magazine should from the letters received in almost evbe in the homes of the people, and in ery mail. The following, taken from order to lend our support and encour-

a communication addressed to Business agement to the same, we ourselves felt

Manager Melvin J. Ballard, is selfex- to set the example and therefore all

planatory: members of the high council were glad

"Accept my congratulations that to respond, and as a result we are the Improvement Era and the Young pleased to send this list to you."

Woman's Journal are to be combined. President A. H. Park, of the Gunnison stake, is pushing this work "Wishing to be among the charter

vigorously and is determined to putsubscribers to the new Improvement

Era, I am enclosing my check for over the slogan, "The Era in every home."That this is not an impos-$28.00 to pay for subscriptions for

sibility is shown by the results obmyself, each of my ten daughters, and tained in the Clarion ward of thateach of my three married grandchilstake, presided over by Bishop Peterdren. Please send the magazine to the

L. Frandsen and his counselors A. H.addresses shown on the list enclosed.

Lund and Hyrum Domgaard. This "Sincerely your brother,

ward has a Church membership of "Heber J. Grant."

26 families and it has sent in thirtyPresident John W. Hart, of the one subscriptions. From appearances

Rigby stake, who, by the way, was other wards in the stake will equal this the first person to hand in a subscriprecord.

tion to the new Era, writes as follows: An interesting meeting was recently

"Dear Brother Ballard: held in the Church office building. It

"Attached is chashier's check for was made up of members of the Gen- $32.00. This is in payment of suberal Boards, men and women who are

scriptions to the new Improvement devoting hours and hours of their time

Era and you will kindly enter the folgratuitously to the Era and Journal lowing names on your subscription and the M. I. A. work generally, but

list, and we understand they will reeach person present without exception ceive Charter Subscription Certifexpressed a willingness to give his or icates."Then follows a list of sixteen her check for $2.00 for the new Era

names. The letter continues: and did so before the meeting ad-

"For your information, will state journed.

Opening of Mutual Season Officers of the Y. M. M. I. A. will opening of the season is September 10.

please note that the date set for the It is hoped that preliminary arSept., 1929 MUTUAL WORK 959

rangcmcnts have already been comfined purpose in all that is done by pleted and that from the first meeting stake and ward officers.

every member will recognize a well deTo Officers of the Y. M. M. I. A.

The measure of leadership is not of organizations. And, with apologies

what is done for people but what they to St. Paul, we may say to officers,

are led to do for themselves. The Neglect not the ability in your assothing that is most selfsupporting is ciations. If you will assign in time,

the most successful. The association if you will secure acceptance of assignthat can supply interest and advancements, if you will hold a rehearsal of

ment with the least dependence on outthe principal parts under the direction side help is the most fortunate. of some officer, your monthly joint

Outside ability is to be appreciated meetings will sell M. I. A. interest.

and to a judicious extent utilized, but not to the neglect of the inside energy To Members:

and efficiency. It requires much less When you are assigned a part on

effort to get a local lecture than to pre- a program accept it as an opportunity, pare a program for a monthly joint prepare it as an advertisement of your session. But following this line of dependability and present it as an event

least resistance is rather an expensive of your life. Dread "donkey bridges"

indulgence. If listening is the most or makeshifts, remember that "He

desirable thing, then the M. I. A. meetwho excuses himself, accuses himself."

ing is unnecessary for the star radio Study your part, learn your part, respeeches which one may hear at home hearse your part. Prepare it as though

has first claim on our interests. The you were going to broadcast over K.

program that enlists the efforts of the S. L. or some other radio. Live an

M. I. A. workers lifts "mutuality"M. I. A. life worth living, a progresmore nearly to its apex than can any sive life and make the presentation of

importation of talent. your M. I. A. assignment an outstandWhat is true of individuals is true ing feature of the occasion.

Suggested Program for Conjoint M. I. A. Meeting

The Program for October is one of by his mother, Lucy Smith, pages 60- a series of seven, each having for its 63.

central theme one of the Presidents of the Church. b. The Majesty of His PersonJoseph Smith (In modern psyality:

chology there is but one Joseph Time for this topic, seven minutes.

Smith.) Relate the events recorded in "Es- I. His Character—sentials of Church History,"pages

a. Courage: 243245, and Autobiography of ParTime devoted to this topic, eight ley P. Pratt, pages 228229. reciting

minutes. from memory the material contained

Read or recite from memory from in paragraph "Majesty in Chains."

Essentials of Church History, by Jo- c. Highminded Estimates of

seph Fielding Smith, pages 3238, His Character:

selecting judiciously the material that Time for this topic seven minutes.

can be effectively presented within the The following material is taken time limit, or tell the story recorded in from chapter 48 of Life of Joseph the History of Joseph the Prophet, Smith, by George Q. Cannon:

Sept.. 1929960 IMPROVEMENT ERA

"A writer for the New York Herald without booklearning, he bad made himhas visited the Prophet and in 1842 that self at the age of thirtynine a power upon paper said: earth. * * * From Adam down (Adam

'Joseph Smith is undoubtedly one of of the 'Wealth of Nations,'I mean), none the greatest characters of the age. * * * had so won human hearts and shaped

In the present infidel, irreligious human lives as this Joseph. His influence,

animalmagnetic age of the world, some whether for good or for evil, is potent such singular prophet as Joseph Smith is today, and the end is not yet."

required to preserve the principle of faith, "A writer in Chamber's Encylopedia and to plant some new germs of civilizaspeaking of the Prophet says:

tion that may come to maturity in a thou- "'From his early years he was regarded sand years. * * * Joseph Smith is creatas a visionary and a fanatic: a fact which

ing a spiritual system, combined also with is of the utmost importance as affording morals and industry, that may change the a clue to his real character. * * * A mere

destiny of the race. * * * We certainly impostor * * * would have broken

want some such prophet to start up, take down under such a tempest of opposition a big load off the public mind—and stop and hate as Smith's preaching excited.'

the torrent of materialism that is hurrying the world into immorality and crime.'The foregoing opinions quoted

"The Pittsburg American, declared that from the Prophet's contemporaries and

Joseph Smith could not be denied the opponents * * * are as observers—his

attribute of greatness."* * * favorable as could be looked for in

"Probably the most comprehensive view a skeptical, materialistic age. * * * *

taken of the Prophet by a man not intiThe author of the book, George Q.

mate with him was that of Josiah Quincy, Cannon, writes:

who, in company with Hon. Charles "The Prophet was only a man; but heFrancis Adams, the senior, visited Joseph

was a good man, an inspired man, a betterSmith at Nauvoo on the 15th day of May, man than he could have been without the 1844, just fortythree days before the inspiration of his Master, Christ. In allProphet's martyrdom. Among many his actions he was fearless as an angel of

things descriptive of Joseph, Quincy says:

all that has ever been writ- "* * * What historical American of light. Not in ten or said of him by friend or foe is

the nineteenth century has exerted the most there one word to impugn the magnificent powerful influence upon the destinies of physical bravery and moral courage of Johis countrymen? And it is by no means seph Smith. Withal he was as meek and

impossible that the answer to that ingentle as a little child. Disciplined by the

terrogatory may be thus written: Joseph Spirit of God, which was his constant

Smith, the Mormon Prophet. And the monitor, he put away from him alike the

reply, absurd as it doubtless seems to most fear of men and the ambitions of thismen now living, may be an obvious comworld. These were things which a remote

monplace to their descendants. History or casual observer would not be likely to

deals in surprises and paradoxes quite as discover."startling as this. The man who established

a religion in this age of free debate, who II. His Contributions—

was and is today accepted by hundreds of Time, eight minutes.

thousands as a direct emissary from the a. He gave to the world preMost High. scientific facts, upto-date in-

''* * * Who can wonder that the vestigation has proved the chair of the National Executive had its truth of the "Word of Wisplace among the visions of this selfreliant dom."

man? He had already traversed the rough- b. He produced three new volest part of the way to that coveted posiumes of scripture that have

tion. Born in the lowest ranks of poverty, not only survived ridicule

Sepr., 1929 MUTUAL WORK 96;

and misinterpretation but Senator Reed Smoot. The visitor to Salt

have steadily grown in recogLake City is a little disturbed by the Mornition. The last edition of mon overemphasis on the material side of

the Book of Mormon had a living. This hard practicality, however,

more ready sale than any is relieved by the beauty of the Tabernacle other edition. The Pearl of organ recitals and the legend of the miracle

Great Price is studied as it of sea gulls that saved the pioneer farmer never was before and the of Utah.

Doctrine and Covenants is "The Mormon faith satisfies the cravadopted as the book to be ing of large numbers of Christians for studied by nearly one huncontinuous revelations from on high. They

dred thousand M. I. A. stuare not content with a Bible closed and

dents. sealed forever in the first century, A. D.

c. Joseph Smith founded the The Church of Rome has always recogfirst American Religion. nized this craving, and the candles of St.

The editor of the Forum of OctoPeter's celebrated only a few months ago ber, 1926, says in an Introduction: new saints'lives added to authentic inspiration. The Mormons, for their part,

"Some readers will be shocked to find claim one new revelation after an interval included among our confessions of Chrisof eighteen hundred years. They are contian creed that of the Mormons. To them vinced that on September 21, 1823. the

the Mormons seem but a strange folk given Angel Moroni delivered the plates of the over until lately to the pagan practice of Book of Mormon to their Prophet Joseph an abhorrent polygamy borrowed from the Smith in Ontario County. New York.

followers of the Koran. Yet a creed that And their new books of the Bible are

claims a halfmillion earnest Americans American; they deal with preColumbian

is surely worth a hearing. To the.MorChristianity among the Indians. The

mons plural marriage seemed no more reMormons have rebuilt their Temple of lated to unchastity than it does to certain Zion at an altitude of four thousand feet scientists who approve of it today. It was near the shores of the Great Salt Lake.

their patriotism, their recognition of the In answer to our European critics we can ethics of the social contract, that made put on the credit side of the American them give up this custom and secure the imagination two new religions. Christian

admission of Utah, the state that their Science and the Church of Jesus Christ pioneer energy had developed, into the of Latterday Saints."

Union. "In fact, Mormon preachers today claim III. The Prophet's Personal Apthat their people are the most Spartan, the pearance—

most ascetic of our American religionists. He was just six feet in height, standThey point out that coffee, tea, and naring in his stockings, and was grandly

cotics are forbidden in all Mormon homes. proportioned. In his mature years he

They need no Volstead Act. Tobacco is weighed about two hundred pounds.

likewise banned. The Mormons of Salt His eyes were blue and tender; his hair

Lake City exhibit the highest American was brown, plentiful and wavy; he

municipal health statistics. Their venereal wore no beard, and his complexion

record in the World War was clean as a was one of transparency, so rare as whistle. Their elimination of personal to be remarkable; the exquisite clearwaste leads to savings and economic wealth, ness of his skin was never clouded, his

and like the Quakers and the Jews they face being naturally almost w.ithout

produce outstanding captains of finance. hair. His carriage was erect and graceOne of these experts in national economy ful: he moved always with an air of

is spokesman for the Mormons in this dignity and power which strangers

States often called kingly.issue of the Forum,—United

Sept.. 1929962 IMPROVEMENT ERA

is IV. His Good Will to Men—the Morning,"by the congregation

suited for the opening hymn. Recite, "A Poor Wayfaring Man of The invocation could be followed Grief,"said to be his favorite selection,

appropriately by the singing of "The sung in Carthage Jail just before his

Seer,"as a solo, and "Praise to the martyrdom. Man"by the congregation would fitThe song, "Oh, How Lovely Was tingly precede the benediction.

MUTUAL HOUR ON THE RADIO

Radio Talk Over KSL Sunday Afternoon, July 28, 1929

By Dr. George H. Brimhall

I desire to introduce to you two strong but it would not have been special references for information on complete.

the big subject of this little talk, It is a double dedeclaration—it first, an article, "Our Liberties in Danclares what is to be done and the

ger,"by Professor N. L. Nelson, pubmethod of doing it. It proclaims a

lished in the July number of the Imstand for preservation and that this provement Era, and second, an article, preservation shall be through obedience "Our New Slogan,"by Melvin J. Balto law, law that lifts to higher levels,

lard of the Council of the Twelve, in law that provides for the greatest good the August number of the same magto the greatest number, law that keeps azine. indulgence within the circle of safety,

This is the slogan: "We stand for physical safety, moral safety, spiritual

the preservation of our heritage safety.

through obedience to law."The slogan is a challenge for courWho is this we? It is a coed group age, loyalty, for sincerity, for selfcon-

of nearly one hundred thousand "Mortrol and social leadership; it is a selfmon"Mutual Improvement workers. imposed obligation resting upon every What is meant by the word stand M. I. A. member that cares to think, in this slogan? What does the word dares to speak, and wills to work for

stand stand for? It stands for an atthe preservation of his or her heritage.

titude, a mental, a moral, a spiritual

The slogan is an echo of the Declarattitude towards a definite purpose, a ation of Independence. It is an upto- clear objective. And what is this defdate exponent of the Constitution. It inite purpose, this clear objective? It

is an emphatic expression of the first is the preservation of heritage—law of It threefold heritage: nature—selfpreservation.

heritage of life, physical is an eloquent advocate of the first law First—the of life, intellectual life, moral life, spiritHeaven—obedience.

is entitled to presentaual life, all in rich abundance. The slogan

heritage of liberty tion, acceptance and application. It Second—the the liberty of an abiding faith, the merits a prominent place on the proliberty of high hope, the liberty of gram of the M. I. A. ward monthly

lasting love. joint session. It deserves to be featured

heritage of the pursuit at the joint Priesthood-M. I. A. sesThird—the

of happiness. A pursuit that leads on sions of the stake conferences.

and on through tc You M. I. A. it. heaven—seeking officers—preach heavenmaking. placard it, and put it over. You memit, talk it, transmute it The slogan might have ended with bers—think

the word heritage and still have been into character.

Sept.. 1929 MUTUAL WORK 963

Objectives and Leadership in Recreation (For September 17 and September 24.)

Text: M. I. A. Handbook, chapters our Church leisuretime program, and

2 and 4. Also new Hand Book Supplelist ten reasons for attending the M.

ment. I. A. (Hand Book, pages 1921.)

1. In what year and under whose 7. What do you consider prere-

direction was the Y. M. M. I. A. estabquisites of (a) leadership; (b) M. I.

lished? The Y. L. M. I. A.? Read A. recreational leadership?

the assignments of President Young 8. Of what value to a leader is a

to the two organizations. clear understanding of the psychology

2. What is the dual purpose of the of various age groups. Discuss briefly

M. I. A.? the outstanding characteristics of early,

3. Name some aims which might be middle and late adolescence, and adultaccomplished more completely through hood. (Hand Book, pages 3638.)

activities than merely through study 9. Consider methods in leadership,

and discussion. including points for the leaders, pro-

4. Discuss briefly, as activities gramplanning, and putting the prowhich give abundance to life, the folgram over. (Hand Book, pages 42lowing: Worship, Service, Study, Rec43.)

reation. (What Men Live By, by Doc10. What is the M. I. A. Educator Richard Cabot, is a delightful book tional Program for this year? (See

dealing with this subject.) Hand Book Supplement, page 4.) Dis

5. Discuss three ways of reaching cuss and decide details of education and

M. I. A. Objectives. (Hand Book, page method which would be of help to

18.) your group, taking into consideration

6. Name and discuss objectives in local conditions and problems.

DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION

Junior Seminaries Readers of the Era will recall that Heretofore no weekday religion class in the July number was published a work has been provided for the 9th letter of the First Presidency to stake grade of junior high schools.

presidencies notifying them that hereThe new plan fills this "tragic gap"after religion class work for elementary 9th grade. The Junior Sem-—the

1 to 6 be inaries will be conducted under thegrades—inclusive—would

incorporated in the program of the supervision of stake boards of eduPrimary Association for these grades. cation, following plans and outlines

Further, the letter stated, religion class prepared by the Church Department of work for grades 7, 8, and 9 of the Education.

public schools would go forward unHeretofore religion classes have been der the name of Junior Seminaries, and held after school. An interesting thing

under the general supervision of the in connection with the new plan is that

General Church Board of Education. in some places Junior Seminary classes

Sept.. 1929964 IMPROVEMENT ERA

will be as Senior Seminary plan will completely eliminate the held—just classes are the school problem of afterschool bus transporheld—during

day, the pupils being released one tation. When school is out the chilperiod a week by the junior high dren will be ready to go home, for

schools to go into nearby classrooms they will already have had their to receive instruction in religion. This Junior Seminary class.

Gold and Green Ball, Jackson, Wyoming

By Albert W. Burton, President Y. M. M. I. A. of the

Jackson Branch Although we were late in putting among the inhabitants of the place.

on the Gold and Green Ball in the It was learned that neither the Gold

Jackson branch, Teton stake, the outand Green waltz nor the Gold and come was so successful that we feel you Green cotillion had ever been demonshould be told something about it. strated here, so a request was made

Our tardiness was due to continued for participants to learn these dances.

sickness here, which caused a disorThe call was readily accepted by so ganized condition in the M. I. A. many couples that there was not

Jackson is only a small branch of enough room in the hall for them to the Church, so it was necessary to obpractice, and it was necessary to choose tain the support of the entire popula- 1 2 couples from the group to learn the tion of the town, which is estimated dances and demonstrate them at the at 500. Advertisements were run in "Ball."The waltz was comparativethe local paper and clever posters, ly easy to learn, because one or two

painted on green paper with gilt paint, couples had seen and danced it and were placed in the windows of the could show the others how, but the business houses, which created a great cotillion had neither been danced nor deal of curiosity and enthusiasm seen by anyone in Jackson Hole. HowThe Hall at Jackson, Wyoming. Dfcorated for the Gold and Green Ball

Sept.. 1919 MUTUAL WORK 965

ever, it was our desire to learn it. so umbrellas, one in each corner of the

we followed the instructions in the hall. These umbrellas were decorated

Handbook as best we could and, in Gold and Green and hung upside though we hardly think we would down from the ceiling. The decoratake the grand prize, we do feel that tions, according to the "oldtimers"

the dance was fairly well demonhere, were the most impressive and strated. beautiful ever seen in the old "ClubThere is an interesting sidelight house."

here in connection with the Gold and The queen for the "Ball"was

Green waltz. When starting to pracchosen by popular vote at the Amertice the dances, we found it impossible ican Legion Carnival dance, held a

to get a record with "Springtime in the week previous to the Gold and Green

Rockies."The dealer, however, imball. Six girls were nominated and

mediately ordered some and says that ballots were cast for them at this he has never had such a run on a dance. The voting was very close

record here as he has for that. He and the queen received only one more

estimates that at least 75 percent of the vote than two of her competitors, who people in Jackson, owning a phonowere tied for second place. The queen

graph, have bought this record. chose these two girls to be her maids.

The hall here is of the old Western Though the evening of March 1 frontier type. The walls are dingy proved to be one of storm, the house

with dirt, etc., and to try to decorate it was packed, principally with people

to look well at all seemed discouraging. not belonging to the Church. Shortly

However, the committee responded after the dance commenced, the 1 faithfully and the results were gratifycouples, who were chosen to demoning. Owing to lack of Gold and Green strate the dances, and the queen and

material for decorating, it was found her maids participated in a grand necessary to add other colors. Lattice march, forming an "M"at the conwork was built across the entire front clusion of the march, with the queen

of the hall and artificial cherry blosand her maids making the center point soms were made and wired to twigs of the "M". While in this position

and placed in the lattice work. In a flashlight picture was taken, but beone corner the lattice work formed an cause of the necessary nearness of the

arbor for the Queen and her maids, camera part of the dancers were cut out while in the other corner the lattice of the picture. After the selected

work formed a refreshment booth, couples had demonstrated the Gold and where ice cream and punch were served. Green waltz and the cotillion, dancThe decorations were completed by ing by all was continued.

placing an M. I. A. monogram, in It is believed that a very favorable

colors, over the center light in the hall impression was made, through this and from this monogram streamers of dance, upon the people in Jackson

Gold and Green were strung to four Hole.

The Story Book Wedding It is suggested that the wards prothe facsimiles. Costumes can be made

ducing "The Story Book Wedding"of crepe paper or other cheap material, at the opening social, need not go to or the whole dramatization can be extra expense. Three large pieces of

paper bearing the inscription "Era"taken from the fanciful and put into a "Journal""New Era"will suffice for modern setting.

SALT LAKE COSTUME CO. 33 WEST BROADWAY

COSTUMES. One of the main parts of every show

The essential of every masquerade

MASKS. A little diversion is good for the best of men.

PLAY BOOKS. Thousands to select from. The largest and the best list.

TOUPEES. The greatest factor to bring back your youthful appearance. Evening

Gowns, Wedding Dresses, Evening Suits, Silk Hats. Everything suitable for the

most select social affairs. We save you money.

Send to us for anything you need to make your leisure more pleasant.

Catalog free.

SALT LAKE COSTUME CO.

P. O. BOX 998 WASATCH 999

Well, it's easier to wash a pair of legs than to wash a pair of stockings.

Toledo Blade.

No mere man can ever understand why a woman will pay five dollars for a pair of stockings that give the impression that she isn't—Arkansaswearing Gazette.stockings.

that's as high as he could reach. You wouldn't expect a little Boy—Well,"Say, boy, your dog bit me on the ankle."

pup like that to bite you on the necTc, would you?"Chicago Tribune.

Backed by our Guarantee and Well Known Service

When you buy an Electric Range, or an Electric Refrigerator, or an Electric Water Heater, or any other article of merchandise from any of our stores, you have the assurance that its quality is

the best.

This company's guarantee and well known service is behind it?

merchandise to the fullest extent.

Utah Power & Light Co, Efficient Public Service

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Elias Morris & Sons Co.

=r GEO. Q. MORRIS, Manager

Mantels, Tiles and Memorials Set in All Parts of the West

Write for Information

'Where the Fire Burns"21 West South Temple St., Salt Lake City, Utah

A young lady entered the stationery store and asked for a pound tin of floor wax. "I'm sorry, miss,"said the clerk, "all we carry is sealing wax."

"Don't be silly,"she snapped. "Who'd want to wax—Bostona ceiling."Transcript.

"Only yesterday,"said Jones who was discussing philanthropy, "I refused a woman a small sum of money, and in consequence I passed a sleepless night.

The tone of her reproachful voice never left me for a moment."

"Dear me, indeed a kind heart! Who was the woman?"

"My wife."Denver Post.

MISKIN SCRAPERS

EASY

TO FOR EBfer HORSES HANDLE >|ZSdf\ v EASY 'OR t? TO Hkjf'5flK?T<"fiHBr,yit.'VMWL fcfy TRACTOR

PULL TSpial WEEDS GROW IJP ALL AROUND ALL OTHER SCI PAPERS WHERE

THE MISKIN IS KNOWN Level your farm now. NO BETTER INVESTMENT CAN POSSIBLY BE MADE

AT THIS TIME, as it is well known that a leveled farm is cheaper to operate, requires less water to irrigate and less labor and time to produce an even distribution of crops and a much greater yield. The efficient and economical way to do this is

with a Miskin Scraper.

WRITE FOR CATALOG

Manufactured only by MISKIN SCRAPER WORKS UCON, IDAHO

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Advertising Policy of the Era We accept only the highest class of advertising. We recommend to our

Readers the firms and goods found In our advertising pages

ADVERTISERS IN THIS ISSUE Beneficial Life Ins. Co. Miskin Scraper Works

Bennett Glass & Paint Co. Salt Lake Costume Co.

Boyd Park Jewelry Co. Southern Pacific Lines

Continental Oil Co.

DaynesBeebe Music Co. Utah Gas & Coke Co.

Deseret Book Store Utah Home Fire Ins. Co.

Peseret News UtahIdaho School Supply

Klias Sons Morris & Utah Power & Light Co. Fleischmann's Yeast

L. D. S. Business College Zion's Cooperative Merc. Inst.

The weary magistrate said, "Can't this case be settled out of court?"

"Jes'what we wus trying to do, yo'honor, when the policeman interfered."Boston Transcript.

'"Tis a hard worrld,"said Tim.

"It is that,"said Mike, "and I think so the more every time I put me pick in it."U. P. Magazine.

Wedding Announcements

and Invitations

Be sure to see us before ordering your announcements or invitations. If you are unable to come in, don't hesitate to write for samples

and prices. You should entrust this work to a firm that assures you

the newest in style and correctness in taste. Our line is complete.

Printed, Process Embossed, and Engraved, Prices are right.

S'K&i'-vo*S'-V<)'T/(X

The Deseret News Press 29 Richards Street Salt Lake City

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

The following advertisement appeared in a Mississippi paper:

Wife I can git. wanted—Youngest

I am 52 and worth as much as eny man my age in the good lordes site and about as white. So call or rite

James H. Tims Route 12 Meridian,

Miss, in care of R. I. Moffet and see

who will be the youngest wife, this ad good til married. We Specialize in making up

Stage Curtains and Draperies Modern and up to the Minute.

Our work shop is equipped with the very

Maybelle was a poetess, But she married a plumber man. latest appliances.

"More cash in the pipes of a Call at Z. C. M. I.

plumber,"Drapery Department

FREE OF CHARGE She says,—FloridaTimes"than the pipes Union.of Pan. Let Our Decorator Give You an Estimate

You Equip Your Church But Once If You Buy a Good Line We have sold the American Seating Company line for thirty years. It's the best on

the market.

Buy your Church Pews, Opera Chairs,

Portable Folding Chairs, Kindergarten

Chairs, Office Equipment from UtahIdaho School Supply Co.

155 SOUTH STATE WASATCH 6135 We Sell the A. B. Dick Mimeograph

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

There is One Tv * "\ T 1 Safe Guide to 1111011(1 V alUCS it is the name Boyd Park—Jewelers to the people of Utah since 1862

and Up $50.00—$75.00—$100.00

Tune in on K. S. L. every Wednesday BOYD PARK evening and hear the interesting talks JEWELERS f/'

CITY on Diamond values by Boyd Park. MO MAIN STREET SALT LAKE

It costs no more to buy here

Little did our grandparents think the day would ever come when young people wouldn't live at home until they were married. Louisville Times.

Young Girl—"And next week I'm sailing for Paris to get my clothes."Grandmother—"Yes, yes, I wondered where you'd left them."

—Schenectady UnionStar.

Mr. Richman—"How do you like this place? Shall we buy it?"His Wife—"Oh, it's perfectly lovely! The view from this balcony is so

fine that it leaves me speechless."Mr. Richman—"Then we'll buy it."Answers (London).

Knocks out that Knock!

The new, highcompression motors, and motors choked with carbon, put new demands on motor fuel. Ordinary

gasolines won't do.

With Conoco Ethyl Gasoline in your tank, your motor performs at its best. Conoco Ethyl results in less gearshifting, a cooler running motor and more power with

extra mileage.

Any motor steps into the highcompression class with

Conoco Ethyl gasoline. But

All red gasolines are not Conoco Ethyl. To be sure

of quality, look for the Conoco Ethyl sign.

Continental Oil Company Producers and Refiners of Conoco Products

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

What's a Vacation Without Books?

M. I. A. Folks can get a lot of Profitable Pleasure this

Summer by Reading the Books Selected for the 192930 READING COURSE Doctrine and Covenants $1.00

Life of Karl G. Maeser 1.50

The Book That Nobody Knows 1.00

A Lantern in Her Hand 2.00

The Southerner 1.00

Three Points of Honor 2.50

A Dove in the Eagle's Nest 1.25

The Drama (A Magazine) Subscription of Eight Numbers 3.00

These books will be sent postpaid if the money comes with 5X?>v

the order. /ojJMfcyy

Send Your Order Now to the ISflK Mmt* jWol life;WDcscret Book Company m

Member of Ik* 44 East On South Temple American Booksellers'

P. O. Box 1793 Salt Lake City, Utah Look for this Emblem

FOR MOTHER AND CHILD

Doth the expectant and tbe nursing mother need food that will replace the phosphorus and lime given up to the Infant. Flelschmann'g Yeast, irradiated

by a new scientific process, contains the "sunshine"vitamin L>, and replaces these boneand-tooth hardening elements in the mother and strengthens the unborn child agtalnst rickets (soft, crooked bones)*

A national advertising campaign and a nationwide Radio broadcast will tell people everywhere of this new discovery. Grocers should be ready to take

the fullest advantage of this publicity.

Fleischmann's Yeast Service

Fire Is No Respecter Of Persons

You may wait till tomorrow to insure but the fire may not.

"See our agent in your town"UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE CO.

HEBER J. GRANT & CO, General Agents Salt Lake City, Utah

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

I Tt H T L W CLAI T 13 U I 'rfU M UT

"For the Adornment and Protection of All Surfaces"Use BENNETT'S "Property Life Insurance"PAINT PRODUCTS Buy them front your local dealer

ASK YOUR DEALER FOR

Z. C. M. I. FACTORYMADE

CHILDREN'S ALLOVERS In khaki and vrhllebacked Denim for Boys

Khaki and PejsT Clothes, Dutch Cat for GlrU BOYS PLAYSU1TS Sizes 1 to 8. In khaki, Jeans, and whitebacked

Denim The Famous

Mountaineer Overalls give: splendid

satisfaction

BENEFICIAL INSURANCE—

NOT ONLY DO YOU RECEIVE ALL THE GUARANTEES WRITTEN IN OUR

POLICIES, BUT IN ADDITION YOU SHARE IN THE PROFITS'OF THE COMPANY

THIS PARTICIPATING INSURANCE SOLD AT OUR OLD

NONPARTICIPATING RATES Insuring the Best there Is in Life Insurance and Issued by

THE BIG HOME COMPANY Beneficial Life Insurance Co.

Home Office, Vermont Building:, Salt Lake City, Utah

HEBER J. GRANT, President E. T. RALPHS, Gen. Mgr.

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA