WMmm:$$M.

',-.:.-.

fi 'VE ENLISTED wm0$g$0$$$M WON'T YOU TOO?

Let's cooperate with our government by faithfully performing these important war duties:

CONSERVE VITAMINS.

Keep perishables in a cool, dark place; cook quickly; then

eat at once. * E>on't add soda

to green vegetables. * Avoid

"drowning"foods in water or fat. Authorities recommend

semiwaterless cooking; also,

more roasting and broiling, less frying. + Slowroast meats

at low temperature to tender ize.reduceshrinkageandmake

cheaper cuts more appetizing.

PROVIDE BALANCED DIET

with daily servings of: meat,

fish or cheese; milk; eggs; at

least one green or yellow vegjuices, fruit or fruit.. etable;

grain citrus; especially whole NUTRITION DAY is every day

in America's victory crusade for orfats,"enriched"such as saladcerealsoils,or butter,bread;

health and conservation. The 6,000,000 farwesterners, among margarine, bacon; sweets in

moderation. Drink at least six

85,000,000 Americans who live in gasequipped homes, are asked glasses a day of water or other to do their part. Your home sector is already mechanized for liquids.

modern war on weakness and waste: with gas cooking for speed, SAVE GAS. Don't light burner

economy and vitaminsaving... gas hot water service as a daily untilinsteadneeded;of afterremovingturn off beforeutenaid to sterile cleanliness... gas heating to provide clean, healthful sil. When liquid comes to a

boil, reduce flame; the simmer

warmth... and gas refrigeration "serving in silence"at minimum burner will keep it boiling.

Use oven heat control (or cost. What then are your duties as a Home Front volunteer? Take thermometer) to maintain recgood care of your appliances, possibly irreplaceable until after the ommendedture. * Remember,baking gastemperais the

war. Study and apply the newer knowledge of nutrition. Observe simprincipal fuel of western war

industries as well as homes.

ple rules ofhealth and thrift. These may seem unimportant in terms Enjoy its many advantages

of one family, but practiced by millions, they'll help win the war. with care to avoid waste!

FREE INSTRUCTION—Community classes in nutrition are

being organized everywhere. Gas companies, among many

Service represervices, have loaned other wartime their Home details, or GAS Buy U. S. local newspapers sentatives as teachers. For watch

with in cooperation ask gas company. your * Published the THE War Savings devoting time leaders western community who are unselfishly

and effort to this wartime program, by.;;; VICTORY Bonds

run and Stamps MOUNTAIN FUEL SUPPLY COMPANY Serving Twentythree Utah Communities I 1942. PACIFIC COAST GAS ASSOCIATION

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1942

SAYS

Grahams Are Just for Children!

BY FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR.

"t-Tow many hours a week will enable INlearnedTHESEthestrenuousvalue of andays,energybuild-men have a worker to produce the maximum ing "pickup"of Honey Bee Grahams output? Experiments in Great Britain and milk between meals. That's why

thoughtful wives a are keeping generousand have long found Germany that too of Purity supply Bee by Grahams Honey British cuts production.a indusday

at all times. hand on

trial authorities fiftysix have found working hours a week to be best for Extra Nourishing! Extra Delicious!

fortyeight formen, and women. The Extra Fresh!

isBiblical still essential one day in seven so that in Britain the men would be working five tenhour days with a sixhour day on Saturday and with Sunday off. The number of hours for maximum work depends on the type of

work. It is expected that in the United

States with higher production rates and more intensive production methods the optimum hours should likely be less than experience abroad found.

'"The rate of a moving atomic clock is is the slower than Biscuit when atom staClip and Send Today Purity

Please send Co.,mySalt FREELake copy of "Cartoontionary. Ives Dr. collabo- E. H. and Cookery."forrators have found an noratom which

mally gives off light of one color will Name give light of a slightly redder color inFree Recipe Book Address stead when the atom is moving; the City State faster the atom moves the greater is

the amount of the change toward red.

HPHE hay crop for one year in the * United States would fill a hay barn thirty by forty feet and 5000 miles long.

If this hay were treated with phosphoric acid and stored in silos, it would take only onetenth the volume.

Ctudies by Vitez, Nagy, and Dickmann on the absorption of nicotine from cigarette smoke by the body and the fate of nicotine in the body have found that when the smoke was not inhaled sixty percent of the nicotine was retained in the body and none apfflkk peared in the urine; with inhaling the AMERICA'S MANPOWER

smoke, ninetythree percent of the nicogoes to market...goes to work... goes fo war by

tine in the smoke was retained yet only bos... on short trips averaging /usf a few miles.

less than two percent of the nicotine

Serving thousands of towns as no other transportation system was eliminated in the urine. can, Union Pacific Stages helps speed America'sWar Program...

carrying manpowetoverthesbortbut-vitalfyimportantdistances

Cince a trace of the element tellurium to markets...to war factories... to military camps and bases!

in the diet confers on the breath a See Your Local Union Pacific Bus very offensive odor of decayed horseAgent for Complete Information.

radish, it has been proposed to use it in pills given to victims of contagious diseases to be certain that people will stay away from them while the disease is contagious.

Mmprooement Era "The Glory of God is Intelligence'

Heber J. Grant,JULY. 1942 VOLUME 45 NUMBER 7 John A. Widtsoe,Editors

Richard L. Evans,

"THE VOICE OF THE CHURCH"Managing Editor

Marba C. Josephson, OFFICIAL PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, ORGAN OF THE Associate Editor DEPARTASSOCIATIONS, MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT

MENT OF EDUCATION, MUSIC COMMITTEE, WARD George Q. Morris, General Mgr.

nnon, Associate Lucy C G. TEACHERS, Mgr AGENCIES OTHER OF THE CHURCH AND

, Business SAINTS. Orton Mgr. LATTERDAY OF JESUS CHRIST J. K. OF

JoblsL d(L QonijuniA.

JJul dit&iL (paqsL Counsel to a Young Man Heber J. Grant 427 (Do (Ijojul Jinow—

Qhuuidk. J>&atuA&A, How coffee destroys fish in the

Turning Point David A. Smith 429 ocean and the soil of crop lands?

The Arizona Apostle Compiled by Rachel Grant Taylor 432 421

New Honor Accorded Elder George Albert Smith 442

An Official Communication from Brigham Young, Governor.. 443 Dr. J. H. Kellogg's twenty famous

Evidences and Reconciliations: LII—What Knowledge Did health rules? 426

the Pioneers of '47 Have of the Western Part of North

America? John A, Widtsoe 449 How to gain a testimony of the

461 Aaronic No LiquorTobacco gospel? 427 Teaching 462.422, 426, 429, 439, 458 Ward

Our Country Saints, Mark Genealogy 463

Mortensen 443 Music 464 The story behind #800,000.00

Communication An Official Church Moves On.... 446443 MutualField MessagesPhotos 465, 465466 worth of misappropriated funds

Ohio Missionary Quartet, A Deeper Note, Howard in connection with Buchanan's

Clive L. Bradford 459 Braucher 466

Priesthood: Melchizedek 458 Mr. and Mrs. Matthew Burarmy? 430

nett's Outstanding Record 467 SfLSXJUaL J'SbCtijUMA. Whether the Mormons knew where

they were going when they I....M. Indian Trust H. The Abstracted Cannon 430 Bonds—Part

Spiritual Cecil and 434 headed West? 449 Defense...E. Moral Rearmament McGavin

Utah's First July 24th Celebration Harold H, Jenson 435

Stalking in the Jungles of Africa Gardell Dano Christensen 436 Can a man quit tobacco? 458

Service to the Sightless Hugh Toner Law 438

Exploring the Universe, FrankMexican Money Axes, Charles

E. lin S. Harris, Jr 417 442 Dibble EXECUTIVE AND EDITORIAL

Telefacts the 445 Book Rack OFFICES: 420 On

Test of Patriotism, Albert L. Homing: Praise is a Stimulant, 50 North Main Street, Salt Lake City. Utah.

Zobell, Jr 420 Laura Gray 450 Copyright 1942 by Mutual Funds. Inc., a Corporation 0/ the Young ImproveMen's Mutual... Hints Unexpected 450 Evidence (Word Handy ment Association Christ Church of the of Jesus B. 421 Cooks'Josephine Corner, of Wisdom) o{ Latterday Saints. rights All reserved. Motion Pictures that Advertise Nichols 451 scription price, $2.00 a year, in advance; Sub20c

Liquor 422 Refugee Mothers, Adrienne single copy.

Dr. Kellogg's Health Rules, Bach.... 452 Entered at the Post Office. Salt Lake City,

as Utah, secondclass matter. for Acceptance to Advertisers Index 472 426 A. Widtsoe John

mailing at rate special of postage provided People's 480 and Ours 440 Your Page Young Book Rack.... for in section 1103. of 1917 October, Act

authorized July 2. 1918.

is not responsiblefcdil&rijahu forTheunsolicitedImprovementmanuscripts,Era but welcomes tributions. All manuscripts must be accompanied

by sufficient postage for delivery return. and What Shall We Save? Richard L. Evans 449 con-

"It Is Later than You Think!"Richard L. Evans 449

NATIONAL ADVERTISING $bilA., (pjOSrfAJ, QhDMLO&vdL (pUfaljL REPRESENTATIVES

Salt Lake City: Francis M. Mayo

Interweavings Margo Burdick 433 San Francisco: Edward S. Townsend

So Proud Rita Miller 439 Chicago: Dougan and Bolle

Frontispiece: The Constitution Page for Young Writers 441 New York: Dougan and Bolle

of the United States Is a GloPoetry Page 444 rious Standard, Joseph Smith 425 Scriptural Crossword Puzzle.... 478 MEMBER OF THE AUDIT BUREAU OF

CIRCULATIONS JhsL Qov&Jv "Dor a generation we have thought that the day of the covered wagon was over—but

faith*- the of principles those devotion and heritage and possible our must who made rest to disuse. into or fall impressive isnever This subject photographic come by A MAGAZINE FOR EVERY

George Strebe!, and retouched by Charles Jacobsen. MEMBER OF THE FAMILY

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1942 fam Take Care of It and Make It Do!

EVERY FARMER KNOWS the Vital material and manpower availimportance of farm machines able to make urgently needed in the winning of this war. The guns, ships, planes, tanks, and

need for increased food producammunition. The money you

tion is urgent. So is the demand save by keeping your equipment

for machines to help plant, cultion the job is money to lend to vate, and harvest your crops. But Decause of Uncle Sam... money to buy war savings

the pressing demands of war production, new bonds. That investment will do A JOB for

farm machines are going to be harder to get. your country today. Then, when the war

This simply means that farmers must take is over and we return to the paths of peace, the best care of the farm machines they have. you will be in position to get the tractors and

They must make their present equipment last machines you'd like to buy now.

longer. They must take care of everything until

we win the Victory. IN WARTIME, KEEP AN EYE

Now, more than ever, it is good business to ON EVERYTHING!

conserve your equipment. More than that, /'/ Know about lubrication and greasing; periodic inspections

is your patriotic duty. Every machine you keep and adjustments; repainting; keeping bolts and rivets tight;

against... Protection corrosion,

drying out...in working condition means that much more warping,replacementrotting,of wornrodents,parts.moisture,. Care of

sheet metal and wooden parts.... Care of canvases and cutter bars.... Care of belts, chains, clutches, springs, bearings.

... Care and proper inflation of rubber tires.... Seasonal

checkups and storage, efficient housing of machines.... Overnight protection.... Use of owner's manuals and instruction

books.... Safety precautions.... The book offered you in the

coupon below will help you keep an eye on everything. Keep it

handy all year. Write for YOUR COPY today/

International Harvester Company 180 North Michigan Avenue Chicago, Illinois

BUY U.S. WAR BONDS AND STAMPS

Ask the Dealer About Equipment You HAE to Have—Now FREE!

International Harvester Company

If really are you "up against it"and need new equip111. Ave., Chicago, 180 North Michigan

for the International ask Harand fall, ment summer vester dealer to help you. He may have just what Please send me a copy of your free

you want, or he may suggest a used machine. His booklet: "Your Farm Equipment—Take

reconditioned McCormickDeering equipment has Care of It and Make It Do."

been carefully repaired and put in A-l shape with

Genuine IHC Parts and Service. You get full value Name

when you buy new or used McCormickDeering

Tractors and Farm Machines. R.R.... City.

INTERNATIONAL HARVESTER THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1942

PICTOGRAPH CORPORATION

SCIENCE SERVICE 5.11.2. \ttf'* TEIEFACT

ttStfS? CASH FARM INCOME INCREASED

W0#*l BHUutTfte <?CM9Utjf X 1940

$9,100,000,000

BATHING

Unequaled Bathing Y Accommodations r 1941 $11,800,000,000

REFRESHMENTS

Light Snacks and Beverages at Our Fountains and Stands

RIDES THRILL Test of fint/uoHAL GAMES

Fun for Everyone!

country. Since July 4, 1776, the

BY flag has flown in one hundred forALBERT L. tyseventrasted withpeacefulnineteenyears wartornas conZOBELL, JR. years. The greatest strides forward in any field of endeavor

have come in these years of peace, and they have made this, my home, a great nation.

I must be able, at all times, to "i am an American!"pray to my God with a clean mind

things my I must go A SUPERB HOTEL if WhatI wouldresponsibilitiesmake this simpleare minesenandcountrya pureneeds.heart forThenthe

tence a living reality? out, and with the fine intelligence

I must be tolerant of all, and bringthat Hethis haswantedgivenconditionme, helpabout.to

critical of none, except those who So did Washington at Valley would deliberately destroy my Forge, and Lincoln, many times government. Upon this great bulduring the dark days of the Civil

wark were the foundations of the War.

nation laid.

If I fulfill these requirements,

I can say to any man Mfin theI mustservicebe ofas mywillingcountryto liveas inI then may be to die in the service of my "I am an American!"

IN SAN FRANCISCO

Convenient to business, social, TEIEFACTFARM PRODUCTS shopping and theatres. Single SOME

from $4 Double from $6 USED BY AUTOMOBILE INDUSTRY

Suites from $10 A generally lower scale of rates for long term occupancy %m& COTTON SOYBEANSar UPHOLSTERY GASKETS'UPHOLSTERY

UPHOLSTERY CARPETING FRAMESUPHOLSTERYJIRES'SUGAR CANE

HOGS\AXLE LUBRICANT PLASTIC PARTS ANTIFREEZS/

HOTEL

Edmond A. Rieder

Genera/ Manager. SCIENCE SERVICE -PICTOGRAPH CORPORATION 12.25.1

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA JULY, 1942

TAjwxp&dtuL

Latterday Saints are used by now to finding material to prove the inadvisability of using liquor and tobacco. Seldom,

however, has there been found such convincing proof of the deleterious effects of the use of coffee.

Therefore, we take great pleasure in reprinting this excerpt from Inside Latin America by John Gunther* in which, evidence:unexpected by inference, there is et us help make

A Word About Commodities The weirdest thing in the whole Your Car Last Longer realm of hemisphere economics is that

Brazil, which produces 69 percent of the world's coffee, burns part of its coffee crop each year. This is to check

production and keep prices up. In seven

years the Brazilians have destroyed70,000,000 sacks of coffee, worth at * leastbags—say$350,000,000.15 percent Aboutof the total4,000,000crop—are burned each year. In some years

the percentage is a good deal higher.

Yet raw coffee accounts for about half

Brazil's total exports.

It is a story with the aroma of lunacy. Coffee, it happens, is incredibly resistant, one of the toughest, one

of the most indestructible of substances.

At first, in 1934, thinking of ways to ICOOILget rid of it, the authorities decided on MOTOR burial. Then they found that four million sacks (132 pounds each) take a

lot of room, and that it was necessaryto plow up an area practically the size S.PEP88GASOLINE /{

of Rhode Island. They found, secondly, that the coffee did not have any fertilizer value; it would not turn into

nitrogenous products; in fact—on thecontrary—it destroyed the soil! CARE FOR YOUR CAR—FOR YOUR COUNTRY

The experts put their heads together in consternation. They decided, inUTAH OIL REFINING COMPANY STATIONS

stead of burying the wretched stuff, to AND DEALERS IN ITS PRODUCTS throw it overboard. Thousands upon

thousand of sacks were piled on barges Everywhere in Utah and Idaho at Santos, hauled out to sea, and tossed into the water. What happened was

that the coffee killed the fish and polluted the beaches for miles around...

So, earth and water having failed,

Brazil turned to fire. More complications. Coffee consists 11 percent of AMERICA'S FINEST OVERALL

is, itwater, won't and burn! That

is SINCE 1853 artificial fuel unless burn it won't kerosene—whichused. So the authoritiesis expensive—tohad to importhelp

the flames along. It is calculated that THERE'S A REASON—it costs 25 cents a bag to burn the cofLEVI'S

fee, in shipping, warehousing, labor, Others can't imitate LEVI'S!

and fuel, quite aside from the price of the wasted coffee itself. So Brazil pays

to get rid of itsabout a year $1,000,000 is LEVI STRAUSS, A NEW PAIR FREE crop. sack surplus Coffee4,000,000

the country's Frankenstein. IF THEY RIP

*From Inside Latin America, by John Gunther, scratch CONCEALED COPPER RIVETS ON BACK POCKETS

Harper & Brothers, p. 391.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1942

MOTION PICTURES THAT ADVERTISE LIQUOR

A special award to the Hollywood necessary for story continuity, char- "representatives of the liquor inacter development, or plot movement."

dustry for their outstanding success in One hundred and fourteen current getting the motion picture industry to motion pictures have been reviewed in bring about a favorable attitude tothe survey with the following concluwards the use of intoxicants has been sions:

suggested to various advertising pubThere were a total of two hundred lications by Charles R. Jones, executive and fifty drinking scenes in eightyfour

vicepresident of the American Busiof the one hundred and fourteen picness Men's Research Foundation. tures. Competent critics adjudged

proliquor scenes as twentytwo pure in the merit producHis letter points out that while it is paganda, having no universally tavern that recognized the fouradditional picture. the of An are tion liquor of and consumption home purely drinking scenes used teen were

the competitors the greatest of two effect, greatly device for ap- a comedy distillers silver screen has, the yet and industry, liquor and the proved by milgaining in have succeeded brewers Reddy Kilowatt scenes to cover used twentytwo were lions free dollars advertisof of worth their originality, for while of lack up ing their screen. the of products on far legitimate, in the main use was

"This ability to get your competitor better effects could have been secured to advertise your product, and not even without them.

// // pay for it,"Mr. Tones'letter points out, The survey concludes that in one hun-

"is the very peak of advertising smartdred and fourteen films surveyed, the ness. In the case of the motion pictures liquor industry secured favorable porretail outlets of the films Thirty in this group had no drinkrecognized have long SstiwcwL movieitexhibitors—theis evenIndustry,more remarkable, for local trayals of their products in fiftyseven. scenes. films ing the Sixteen presented

the fact that the return of legal liquor drinking of intoxicants in an unfavorThere is no shortage of closely paralleled the drop in motion able light in portions of the films, but in electricity in the territory picture attendance. two of these, however, later scenes

we serve. foundation"A 1942 surveyof liquorbeingpropagandamade by theon wereportrayal.inserted to nullify the original

the screen clearly proves that the free Eleven films used their drinking

Your electric servants are advertising of liquor is in the main un- (Concluded on opposite page) still ready, willing and anxious to respond to your click of a switch at any time of the day or night. Wn3SaOaQ3SK5S*

More than a million of IT IS GENERALLY ADMITTED THAT THE.

them are in the homes of /.I MOVIESINFLUENCE.AREOWALMOSTCHILD EDUCATIONAS GREAT AN our customers—saving AS ARE THE 5CH001S

them time, money and work. sga T5ECENT SUWEYS

SHOW THAT OVER 0% OF AVERAGE PUN PICTURES DRINKING IS TOLERATED IF NOT Utah Power & HAYE SCENES IN WHICH

Light Co.

PRINTING(With thisSPECIAL!ad)

1M500 Handbills.""6x9 $2.503.508.505M

Special prices on Tickets, Programs and other 25 EastHOVEYprintingNorth Temple—Saltfor Church PRESSOrganizationsLake—Phone 3-0276

. we orriR A COMPLETE

ENGRAVING SERVICE From Missionary Portraits to the Largest

Catalogues MailUTAHOrdersENGRAVINGGiven Prompt AttentionCO.

113 Regent St. Salt Lake City, Utah WHICH TO BELIEVE-? AMERICAN BUSINESS MEN'S RESEARCH FOUNDATION CMe9

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1942

( Concluded from opposite page) Mr. ]ones concludes from the survey tendency to cause movie patrons to

scenes legitimately to tell their story. that the liquor propaganda in the films spend their time and money in nearby

Kansas Cycle, Wild Bill Hickock falls under four general classifications: taverns rather than at other motion

Rides, Right to the Heart, Bahama Pas- 1 Drunks are funny. pictures presentations.

sage, Obliging Young Lady, Sullivan's 2. Drinking is smart. A subsequent survey is planned by

Travels, Keep 'Em Flying, Ride 'Em 3. Drinking is not intoxicating to the Foundation to determine upon a

Cowboy, Remember the Day, The heroes and heroines. large scale the attitude of the local

Vanishing Virginian, The Girl from 4. Frequent incidental portrayal to exhibitors to the free promotion given

Leningrad, and One Foot in Heaven whet the drinker's appetite. by the producers to the exhibitors'local

were among the highly popular films in Local exhibitors who have written competitors, the taverns and the night which no drinking appeared. Box office protesting the free advertising of liquor clubs.

reports indicate that these were not the producers insert into so many films only extremely popular, but financially seem to be disturbed largely because From: American Business Men's Resuccessful films. the favorable mention of liquor has a search Foundation.

THE GREAT BIG

HOLE YOU CAN'T EVEN STICKS TO THK

SEE!

V ital spot in your Diesel is the hole in the tip of the fuel HOT SPOTS injector, cut with a drill only is unequaled in cover- a few times the thickness of ThermoCharged RPM Motor Oil a human hair ing and lubricating hot cylinder walls and piston rings.

This hole won't close with Because it keeps a better oil film on these vital engine

Standard Diesel Fuel. It is hot spots, it reduces engine wear.

100% distilled... "vaporMore—"RPM"keeps your engine cleaner than other

cleaned"in manufacture and motor oils. It ends carbon, sludge and varnish troubles.

delivered clean to you... with Prevents corrosion. Keeps oil filters cleaner.

exactly the right lubricating For longer engine life, and better, cleaner operation—

quality to protect injector switch to ThermoCharged "RPM"today. In this war

mechanisms and fuel pumps year when every extra hour of farming counts—it will

as tiny with clearances even pay you to stick to "RPM"because it sticks to hot spots as lj40,000ths of an inch!

This means Standard Dieother oils leave dry!

sel Fuel will increase troublefree operation... cut down

costly wear.

UNEQUALED

AT ANY PRICE STANDARD OIL COMPANY OF CALIFORNIA

B ETT E R FARM! N G IS VI TA I TO VICTO RYi

RLT ON YOUR STANDARD FARM SERVICE MAN! yM 423

CAUMBLVIN

u'"TH0PeI 6W ONIONS. W

ONIONS

V/UR onions are harvested, cured and ready for sale by October,"Reuben Call told me. "But

spring prices are usually better than fall prices.

You've got to be able to store your onions in a warm dry place to market them at their best during winter and spring. That's why we built our onion

warehouse—to keep quality in our onions."

old This man, grand Calls their get SpanishThe main crop big yields—70 past and onions to the now 50pound run bags almost a thousand type is retired, David

acre. And Call onions regularly top the market. Call. His pioneer

"Our soil is rich to start with,"Reuben explained, father,Call, startedAnsonwith "and we add barnyard manure heavily each fall. We onions in Davis

also rotate two years of onions with one year of alfalfa. County back in 1848. David Call Our crop rotation helps to keep down onion pests—followed in his

thrips are the worst. But if we keep our onions growing footsteps. And his

rapidly, by frequent irrigations, thrips can't make much onions7 sons—allas growdoes headway and we do not have to dust or spray. one sonin-law

"Another thing that gives us good yields and good quality is our seed. The original seed was brought from

Spain by a neighbor. And we improve the strain each

year by selecting our best onions to make seed. This is Marvin Hoffman,

"Safeway's our best buyer and we Calls like their way Safeway field buyer, of doing business. The Safeway people want our bestcheckingonions. Mr.someHoffmanCall

grade onions and usually pay a premium price for them, buys onions steadily always at least the going price. We've never known them from the Calls from

to make a spoilage claim or ask for a rebate or discount. thealongfirstin harvestingearly

"Safeway's system helps everybody. They buy direct, October right

cut handling costs, and save their store customers money. through late April

With these savings people can afford more food, which benefits us growers"Your Safeway Farm Reporter

Lyman (left) and Reuben in their recently built onion warehouse, the first of its kind in Davis County.

Heat is circulated to prevent rot in the stored onions

This is Reuben Call holding a sack of choice dry Spanishtype onions raised by three

At right is David Call, Jr., partner Call brothers who are partners—Reuben,

with Reuben and Lyman. Main David, Jr., and Lyman, all shown here

crop is Spanishtype onions but the Calls also grow small bunched FOR VICTORY—BUY UNITED STATES

onions and the white pickling type WAR BONDS AND STAMPS & *

Photo by H. Armstrong Roberts

IHE CONSTITUTION OF THE UNITED STATES IS A GLORIOUS

STANDARD; IT IS FOUNDED IN THE WISDOM OF GOD. IT IS A

HEAVENLY BANNER; IT IS, TO ALL THOSE WHO ARE PRIVILEGED WITH THE SWEETS OF LIBERTY, LIKE THE COOLING

SHADES AND REFRESHING WATERS OF A GREAT ROCK IN A

WEARY AND THIRSTY LAND. IT IS LIKE A GREAT TREE UNDER

WHOSE BRANCHES MEN FROM EVERY CLIME CAN BE SHIELDED

FROM THE BURNING RAYS OF THE SUN.

JOSEPH SMITH

DR. KELLOGG'S

HEALTH RULES

By Dr. John A. Widtsoe

Dr.theJohnninetiethH. Kellogganniversarycelebratedof his

birth on February 26th, last. He

was hale and hearty, and full of vigor for a day's work. The Governor of

Michigan proclaimed the day "John

Harvey Kellogg Day."The civic

bodies of his home town, Battle Creek, tendered him a testimonial banquet. A

flood of congratulatory telegrams and letters poured in upon him from leaders in every walk of life. Among them

was Morris Fishbein of the American

Medical Association, Henry Ford,

Admiral Byrd, and most of the noted men of the nation.

All this was richly deserved. Since

1875, when he took his M.D. degree, he

has labored for better health among mankind. He has been a profound student, a great teacher, an editor and, a

writer of books on health, and a most successful medical practitioner. He emphasized nature's way in a day when

g-g man's knowledge of the factors of good health was limited. Long before

vitamins or the role of minerals in nutrition was thought of, he fought the old

coffee. meat, and was called He

"grasseater,"but and again! toes,"branchewer"Why Mother... its WMe American dietary of white bread, potahis science has views. confirmed He

has been a pioneer in one medical ad- ''It's the sweetest dress I ever had, clothes are washed with golden vance after another. He has not eaten

but it always looked dirty. How FelsNaptha Soap. meatalive forand seventysixhealthy at years;ninetyyetyearsis stillof

did you get it so clean?"FelsNaptha is really a super age; and that despite the fact that he

laundry soap. It gives you a began life as an invalid. In his own

told be "I wearing you you'd combination of two effective philanthropy—andwords, the business ofwehis add,life hasof beenthe dress to your the favorite party,

cleaning kind. highest agents—activenaptha Dear, I washed it with FelsHis health magazine, Good Health, and richer, golden soap. The reNaptha Soap. sult is just what you'd expect. yearswhich ishe stillhas oneeditedof forthenearlysanestseventyin the

Easier washing. Quicker washworld.

ing. Cleaner washing. His health rules are published hereit is eviHere is one woman who If you want to spend less with.dent thatTohisLatterdaypractices conformSaints to those

never will need to be told time at the wash tub... if advocated in the divinely given Word

again that FelsNaptha Soap you want to do less tiresome of Wisdom.

Banishes TattleTale Gray. rubbing... if you want to DR. KELLOGG'S HEALTH RULES

Her experience is not unsee your clothes whiter and usual. It has happened milbrighter than ever before... 1. Becomewhen sittingpostureor standing.conscious. Don't slump

lions of times. In millions of ask your grocer for Fels- 2. Use the whole chest in breathing. Avoid

homes. And you'll see the Naptha Soap or FelsNaptha chestpostures.constrictionAvoid inclothingsitting andwhichworkingconsame change when your Soap Chips. stricts breathing.

3. Work, play, read, study, rest, and sleep

in the open air as much as possible.

4. Take sun baths at least once a week

sufficient duration skin to burn the Golden bar or Golden chipsofslightly. artificial In winter employ

sunlight. 5. Take an air bath and a water bath daily.

6. Eat natural foods, especially fruits, nuts, FelsNaptha vegetables and greens. Get enough

bulkage. Masticate thoroughly.

ucts, excess of protein. and banishes TattleTale Gray 7.8. Avoid refined sugar, refined flour prodsparingly. Use salt Avoid hot condiments, such as pepper, mustard, etc.

(Concluded on page 472) 7h EditorsTaqe

foutiML to a. %dwix}. TTUut.

By PRESIDENT HEBER J. GRANT

'T'here are some things that you know beyond the question of a doubt and on these things I ask you to rely until such time as you are blessed of the Lord with a testimony of the divinity of the work in which we are engaged.

In the meantime I ask you to study faithfully and pray earnestly to the Lord for the light from above to aid you in your studies.

vou must desire to know the truth with all your heart.

our inclinations have mu'"to do with what we read.

tt is of the greate. mportance to cultivate an appetite that

longs for increasel \owledge regarding the plan of life and salvation.

'"There are no sins charged to our account because we are tempted, provided we shall resist the temptation.

"vxe have no right to go near temptation, or in fact to do or say a thing that we cannot honestly ask the blessing of the Lord upon, neither to visit any place where we would be ashamed to take our sister or sweetheart.

HPhe Good Spirit will not go with us on to the devil's ground, and if we are standing alone upon the ground belonging to the adversary of men's souls, he may have the power to trip us and destroy us.

hphe only safe ground is so far from danger as it is possible to get.

"\7lrtue is more valuable than life.

a17e cant handle dirty things and keep clean hands.

(Thirtynine years ago, from Tokyo, Japan, President but as I cannot have that privilege, I have concluded field in mission in the wroteGrant whose to a young man arisen. that letter are here to write you, although I appreciate how far short of Excerpts had frommind doubts

given for the counsel of all young men everywhere.) a visit, face to face, a letter will be.

There are some things that you know beyond the

Tokyo, Japan, May, 1903 question of a doubt, and on these things I ask you

My dear Brother: to rely until such time as you are blessed of the

field, in are in the mission you divinity the of of the now Lord with a testimony workAlthough time, I for there been and have some In the engaged. have which meantime I ask you we are

learned that you are still lacking a testimony to study faithfully and pray earnestly to the Lord and that this fact was giving you a great amount for the light from above to aid you in your studies.

of anxiety. You must desire to know the truth with all your

This information came to me a few days ago, and heart. Read Alma on faith—Alma, chapter 32,

ever since, I have longed to have a visit with you, Book of Mormon. (Concluded on next page)

..

that Father in heaven the truth... may find an The Editor's Page (Concluded from page 427)

.. heart. echo in your

Never read anything written by those who know From reading the lives of Brigham Young, Heber not God and do not love Him or His works. When C. Kimball, George A. Smith, Daniel H. Wells,...

you get a knowledge of the Lord and a testimony of and many others, you know that they were wonderthe divinity of the work, then the writings of those fully strongminded, practical men, and the last who know not God will not make any impression men in the world to be carried away with some on your mind and you can more plainly see the new and strange doctrine—that when these men

weakness of their position. Our inclinations have claimed that God gave them a knowledge of the

much to do with what we read. I recall the case gospel, they were not deceived.

of one young man who became doubtful on his I know that these men were noble and true...

mission.... The Era is sent to all of the elders. I from personal knowledge or from the testimony of

asked him if he had read a certain article in one of those like my mother and others... and the same

the recent numbers. It was a strong article favoring is true with reference to yourself.

the truth. I found to my surprise that he had not The lives of Wilford Woodruff, Karl G. Maeser,

read a single thing in that number of the Era except George Goddard, are living testimonies, although an article by an unbeliever. This gave me a key they are dead, of the divinity of the work in which

to the state of his mind. I name this, so you may we are engaged. Many were the miracles that they

profit by his experience. It is of the greatest imwere witnesses of, but their lives are the greatest

portance to cultivate an appetite that longs for intestimony of the truth of the gospel.

creased knowledge regarding the plan of life and salvation. The servants of God by inspiration told thousands of years ago that the gospel would be taken

One of the reasons why there is such a great from the earth and restored again in the last days, desire on my part to write you is that I have not and it seems to me that you can easily see that we been able at times to keep doubts from coming into only, of all the churches, have the true, and perfect

I feel for Therefore, a sympathy my mind.

... you gospel. only the organization perfect have We that not but perhaps have I would had own for my n living the the salvation only for the of and p 1 to experience, those anxiety an I have and remove

.. gifts dead. of the are ne gospel being made

doubts which may have come to you. known \ time to time. Have we prophets whose

There are two powers always at work with man, predir is have been fulfilled? Yes. Have we

and there are no sins charged to our account bemiraj. J in the Church? Have we the gifts of the

cause we are tempted, provided we shall resist the gospel such as hearing and speaking in tongues?

temptation. But it is our bounden duty to avoid all Yes. Have we the temples of God? Yes. Are

kinds of temptation. We have no right to go near all the gifts of the gospel and the plan of salvation

temptation, or in fact to do or say a thing that we for the living and the dead found in the Church?

cannot honestly ask the blessing of the Lord upon, Yes.

neither to visit any place where we would be I answer "yes"to all these questions from a perashamed to take our sister or sweetheart. sonal knowledge and personal experience, having

The Good Spirit will not go with us on to the been a partaker of these blessings, being a living devil's ground, and if we are standing alone upon witness of the power of God, having been healed by the ground belonging to the adversary of men's the power of God and... I am here on a mission

souls, he may have the power to trip us up and ready and willing to testify of God's goodness and destroy us. The only safe ground is to keep as far mercy to me and to proclaim that I know the healing

from danger as it is possible to get. Virtue is more power of God does attend the administrations of

valuable than life. Never allow yourself to go out His servants....

of curiosity to see any of the "undercrust"in this I intended to tell you of the doubts and temptacan't world. handle dirty things and keep We tions that to me, and how, by resisting had come

... clean hands. into blessings them, turned doubts the very to me.

I know of no faithful Latterday Saint who has... I am sure it would give me pleasure to write

failed to impress me with the sincerity and honesty you another twentyfive or even fifty pages, and of his or her life. This you must have noticed and I should certainly do so, if I thought it would aid

felt, and therefore it should have a strong effect you any more than what I have written to make up upon your mind in teaching you where the truth is. your mind to press on doing good and living up to

The longer I live the firmer becomes the convicwhat you do know and trusting and praying to our tion in my being of the honesty, devotion, and willFather in Heaven for more light. As recorded in

ingness of the Saints to sacrifice for God's work. the Doctrine and Covenants it is given to some to

This desire grows upon men and women in proporknow and to others to believe on their testimony, tion to their virtue and the uprightness of their lives. and I want you to believe firmly and work faithfully

Nothing on earth but the spirit of the Lord could until knowledge shall come to you.

unite the hearts of the Latterday Saints as they I shall earnestly pray that the Lord will bless you, are united.... and I hope that my supplication will be answered..

It is not always what a man says when preaching Praying God's blessings to attend you and with which goes to the hearts of his hearers. It is the love and best wishes, I am

inspiration with which he talks which counts most.

(The impression made depends on the condition Yours affectionately, of the heart of the hearer. )... And so I can only

hope and pray that... you may be blessed of our (s) HEBER J. GRANT

Turning point

STORY AGO IN THE THAT BEGAN MANY YEARS A LIVES AND CHANGED DEEP SOUTH MANY

By

first international DAVID A. SMITH T.HE J. convention of Rotary

clubs to be held after the close of President of the Canadian the first World War was given to the Mission

Rotary club of Salt Lake City. It

fell to my lot to serve as a member of the convention committee. I was clearing. Here pine trees had been

assigned to attend several Rotary cut from a side hill, the stumps havdistrict conferences to be held in the ing been left at uniform height.

middle east, the first of which I atPlanks were placed from one stump tended at Wheeling, West Virginia. to another, and thus seating proAt that time my Rotary membervisions had been made to accommoship classification was as a farmer, date one hundred fifty people. Few

which was my main occupation were present when we arrived, other than my Church work. Upon however. They were beginning

receiving this assignment, I was imto come, some on foot, some in pressed to write to Washington, wagons, others by horseback, and

D. C requesting literature that a few in automobiles.

help acquaintwould me to become farminged with in the I was very much interested in the methods south, and government recommensurroundings. The speaker's table

dations for improvement. had been placed at the foot of the

slope. clearing walled The was leaving to I was As home my

tall trees, pine about with the lower train thecatch for Wheeling, West feet being ten branches or moreVirginia, the delivered mailman several government bulletins which from the ground. This enabled us

to see for great distance a throughI in I placed handbag. found my TO INVITATION FOR MY THE ANSWER THEM I the woods. part taken never had interesting very OFthem FOOD reading, TO PARTAKE US WAS, WITH THE and

in a meeting IN circumunder such USING BELIEVE DON'T "YOU MORMONS Ifelt that better was much prepared TOBACCO, DO YOU?"I stances as felt faced that me. nowto discuss if farming problems such

I I a not stranger, was although hada group should meet. regisUpon tables, improvised which been had before met of but people. the few As attering I Wheeling, however, cloths. with white covered This feasted eyes the upon surroundmy thatfound they did not have hardly accomplished been had when I ings as and talked asthose with in theirfarmers clubs. all invitation for to given an was I I rejoiced sembled in the decision I as Inasmuch several had days repast! partake. a Such and to had Callis. wire President madebefore at next meeting Indianmy in cake, bread, pie and come—meat, Iapolis, Indiana, to planned at the apoccupy meeting began Our abundance.

the time by going time. see, pointed as I re- I often to Chattanooga the through I glanced I ate As for the services. call this Sunday occasion, the I sent a six missionSouth- trees three husky and saw

to telegram President Callis, Charles President the congre- A. aries, us. distance from erners Each some

if Callis to see gation, he there, in this myself, beautiful would be and in his to a tree with and back stood

I receivedand a reply requesting setting. the conclusion After me to position those face of the a were who

at him I to meet certain a railroad stameeting, as morning hands shook I the occasion. enjoying eating and

intion Kentucky on Sunday those with assemand conversed morninvite felt out impressed and to go

Iing. followed his instructions bled, to led eyes observe and were my eat, the to as these they were men metwas Callis by President and in not joined only ones had wholocal brother at about six a. m. Wea theirhad placedgeneraltrestlesmovements.upon a Somelevel repast. the of partaking bounteous

traveled for about two hours over spot; others had removed some of For this purpose I left the group; I

thatroads not the were planks autothey made for had used as benches in left plate had and hand my my travel.mobile trestles placed and the them upon leg fried in of a right chicken a my

8 at a log stopped About forming a table; others a. m. we taken a had I call as their to attenturned and

house it tion of food, to the abundance I saw tall pine in trees—aa clearingbeautifulsurroundedpicture.by barrelby the fromtable wherea wagonit wasandfilledplacedwith President hurriedly Callis coming

Breakfast was found waiting us. water and a large block of ice. toward us. About half way he stopAfter a hasty meal we continued Baskets were brought out, and the ped, remained for a few seconds,

our journey and arrived at another contents carefully placed upon the (Continued on page 472)

JhL ABSTRACTED NDIAN TRUST BONDS

By M. H. CANNON

SMITH LOT

PIONEER MORMON SCOUT "The King of France with twenty thousand men, marched up a hill—and then marched down again.

—Old Nursery Rhyme.

PART I

historians have longMANYsuspected that at the time when "Buchanan's Army"[Johnston's Army] was sent out

West in 1857 to "quell the Mormons,"there was skullduggery of the great basin. How, under the of their enterprise. If it is rememafoot behind the announced mobrave leadership of Lot Smith, these bered that the government helped

tives and the publicized pretexts same Saints destroyed the trains of finance these contractors then one that were then given by the Adminsupplies destined for the federal can better visualize the great lengths istration in Washington, D. C. This army. to which Mr. Buchanan was willing

article reveals something of the beThe trainmasters were not of the to go that his personal crusade might hindthe-scenes intrigue and finanarmy but hired civilians. As such be successful.

cial corruption which were interthey could not be expected to have This is the story of the venture as twined with this sorry venture, ineither the courage or the loyalty totold by Mr. Alexander Majors of

cluding the documented story from wards their employer as had the that firm:

government archives and other army, whose duty was to the people In 1857 [the year the expedition was sent sources as to how eight hundred of the United States. When Lot to Utah] the government extended to Mathousand dollars worth of misapproSmith came before these trainmasters jors and Russell for one year longer [their

priated Indian bonds figure in this and told them he had been given contract which] resulted in a very great situation, as well as simultaneous orders to burn the supply trains, increase of transportation that year, and events attendant upon the movement they allowed him to work his will. withgreat whichdifficultiesrequiredwere quiteencounteredan increaseto beginin

of the army against the Mormons. Lot Smith long afterwards described the facilities for transportation which had

together brought their very hurriedly be behavior while discussing peace to States of president the United The their off of stock... [the Saints drove much terms: 'fiftiesin the of was a years the last trains, their supply of burned and some

resulting in a to winter hard adding befuddled a man.bewildered, Though I if give to wanted would They know

profits. In years'loss the previous of two his in administrapride great seen theirhe had back. hadn't arms them As we

.. firm our of the spring however] 1858, this to their inquiry, led arms, request an capabilities, potentialitiestive and

Russell,.Majors, and the of under name seeing that coming us found on when we his departexecutive allowedhe had the contract obtained from a Waddell new like lot wild bluff of the so a much down graft infested to with to become carry States govments government United their they threw someone guns away, men,

and corruption. saying if we found them unarmed, we would ernment freight to Utah for the years 1858ordered an the 59. year government That lives. their they I told that spare the men flying banners and a ruffle lot sixteen With freight of aggregating immense all get their guns had could as we go and1 be to million of pounds, had which expedition had a great drums,of wanted. we

the to increase to Utah. taken had mostWe peoagainst a defenseless sentbeen

ple who wanted only to worship their One must not imagine that these wagonstransportationand teamsfrom tothreethreeor thousandfour hundredfive

God. "Ignominious"is the word wagon trains were few in number. hundred wagons and teams, and it then rebest suited to describe the result of On the contrary, they were fully quired forty thousand oxen to draw the supplies. also over four employed We his army's with everybrave ventures into the equipped and supplied thou-2

mules. about and one thousand men wastelands.uncharted for the welfare thing needful and sand

It is now known how these comfort of the soldiers in the field. Substantiating this statement of

people, called Mormons by their One of the firm of Russell, Majors, Mr. Majors is an item that appeared

detractors and Latterday Saints to and Waddell speaks of the hugeness in The Desetet News of March 30, each other, completely circumvented!J. F. Wells [Editor] The Contributor. Volume 2A. Majors, Seventy Years on the Frontier. Chithe army from reaching the valleys IV, p. 49, Salt Lake City, 1883. cago. 1893. pp. H2H3.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1942

1859. 3 The firm of Russell, Majors, profit. The greater portions of their goods in the next few weeks the prices reto in belonging transported were wagons theand Waddell was undoubtedly to their previous level. These ceded everytrain the remarked by it was... freightingbiggest the concern in figures: the are great that there there a was one was who

west at this time. The magnitude

of their ventures amazes one even in these days of frantic finance. This Purchases Cost to government Feb. 10, 1858 CostFeb.in open4, 1858market

firm, remember, operated long before Beans 5,478 bushels at $1.85 a bushel $1.20 to $1.50 a bushel

the era of "big business."Candles No quantity named, 24c a pound 26c to 30c a pound

This caravan made its way to Soap No quantity named, 5Y2 c a pound 4c to 6c a pound

Utah. At the Big Sandy, the inSugar 525,000 lbs. @ 9Hc a pound 7%c a pound

lbs. a 43c pound 84,000 pound a @ 4Kctrepid Lot Smith burned some to $4.70 10,000 100pound $3.25 a bag bags of the RiceFlour $2 @ a barrel7 remainder the forced andwagons 7]/c at a 10c pound pounds a 1,088,000 pound6 Bacon

into circumspect seclusion. After

the conclusion of hostilities, the of 6UnitedRepresentativesStates, Executive35th Congress,Document1st Session,No. 99, p.House3. 4, 7The1858.Missouri Republican, St. Louis, Missouri, Febfreight wagons were taken to Salt

Lake City and sold. Wagons for

which Russell, Majors, and Wadwaste of provisions and supplies, these Of course these figures do not prein the articles placed hands been havingdell that to state paid from of tend had one hundred the war department and that Irish laborers. appears... It now

fifty officials dollars deliberately buying to one hundred were and sevare provisions hand. months'but on two

entyfive dollars apiece in St. Louis... His instructions order him to lay in from their friends or party followwere vended to the Mormons for ten a supply for ten months, and consequently ers. It may have been simply that

dollars.* he ought to have six or seven months'supthe good people of St. Louis seized

If this freighting firm would sell ply instead of two."the opportunity to profiteer at the

It for fifteenth been of sevhas one to onewagons Uncle Sam. of expense the House On April 5, 1858,

since. their original value,enteenth surely before and happen known to secretary the Representatives asked

there must be something wrong of war, John Buchanan Floyd, for a At any rate, however, they do give hypothesis for asomewhere. A confidential agent of report on the expenditures for the a good working

the attorney general investigated the expedition to Utah. It appeared that statement in the April, 1859, issue

condition of the contractors and of a contemthe Atlantic of Monthly given the not had war department of In his report thefound corruption. accompanied porary author who sufficient to information on which

September 7, 1857, to Mr. Black, draw up the bill making the approarmy to Utah, and had the opporAgent E. Godfrey Rehn painted a priation. Accordingly, on the foltunity to observe the scene of acvery dark picture of the graft and lowing day, the secretary of war tion. One must not and cannot

corruption of the federal contractors. sent the information requested. state positively that there were graftenterprise the of this of hugeness ocopportunistsThe who seized the prices the ing from By comparing

Russell, Majors, misand had casion Waddell to reap rewards from the office general's with quartermaster necessitated their subleasing parts the prices currently listed in the St. ery of the sorrowing Mormons. As

of their contracts. One of these Louis stock exchange, one gathers will be shown, there were officials

public monies mostcontracts was given to M. W. F. some interesting facts. Prior to the who handled

Magraw. Mr. Magraw was a disappurchases by the war department the negligently, but their deliberate

is not known. However, thispointed mail contractor who had products were selling far cheaper graft

all mischiefwritten of in is the that manner statement appeared the price that the paid than governby the Saints leadersagainst of the Monthly: sale, Atlantic of the agency. the in ment day On to President great basinthe James sharply, the prices rose but gradually these administration, the of the shame ToBuchanan. of involving contracts gigantic an amount

This mail contractor and others BUnited States Library of Congress, Manuscript (Continued on page 470) had fomented the trouble between Division, Papers of Jeremiah S. Black, No. 50048,

Utah and the federal government in September 7, 1857. ONLY REMAINING BUILDING OF CAMP FLOYD

those tumultuous times. It is well

to note the business policies of that most worthy gentleman as they were observed by a dispassionate bystander. Part of this report in Mr.

Magraw's ethical contractual relationships is as follows:

It may be well for me to touch upon the most important facts that have a bearing upon the subject.... When procuring

our outfit we were ordered to take but twentyfive pounds of baggage, not wishing to burden the wagons more than was necessary; he [Magraw] stated at the same

time that we could purchase all articles of clothing from the sutler, Mr. Goodale....

It now appears that Mr. Magraw is—or

was a partner of Goodale's in the sutlership, and they have been charging exhorbitant prices for their goods, as much as one hundred fifty to two hundred percent

8J. C. Alter, Utah, The Storied Domain. Three

Volumes. Volume I, p. 284, quoting Deseret News,

March 30, 1859.

Majors, op. err., p. 144.

JhsL ARIZONA APOSTLE By RACHEL GRANT TAYLOR

camped on the east bank of the San the river crossed twice We It before camping. was EDITORIAL NOTE Juanon theRiver.ice

fire, Father's journal for the year 1883 fearfully cold. We built a large

is contained in a most attractive but it was almost impossible to keep oldfashioned tan and maroon leather warm. Wednesday, the 24th, we travbook, with thin lines of gold intereled about eighteen miles. Our travelthan for decoration. More of ing today on account was tiresome PRESIDENT AT GRANT

eight pages ABOUT wovenhalf the of hundred two OF 25 YEARS AGE its road, the being impossible to keep of detailed are to account a devoted it covering the completely snow in many in the the spent strenuous months southland. places."

The excellent penmanship with "Saturday the 27th. I appreciated a

again Father has been to which the words are inscribed is one good bed last night after having sleptOnceArizona. The thought of of my earlies memories, but the man in a wagon three nights. Camping out

radiant sunshine, beautiful the words reveal is new to me. in the cold with snow on the ground

this to record have Through had half of traveling the through snow, the andblossoms, friends, beloved and was privilege of following Father during the road not the time knowing wherea irresistible magnet with power. his life pattern of the year every when

of getting out little while every is, and theLeaving relentless changing, winter him to see humbly, was he assist lift to the to wheels the on wagon calmly, take courageously and on thetraveled Salt southward from Lake drift, getting in through his the a of apostleship snow mantle team has a beenCity in a luxurious airconditioned 'is experience. It heartwarming is to someme. business a new car.railway delicious There were to care not thing on Grant do Taylor I would—Rachel my

meals and a comfortable bed; there own account, and I hope never to have

was news or music at the turn of a three days of quite as cold weather to dial; and even a telephone was availbut Brother Brigham Young, Jr., is well camp out in again."able for service.

How different conditions were acquainted with it. After visiting the branches in the

nearly sixty years ago when he spent "Having never before been separated San Juan region, they left for Duranmany months in that country and from my family more than two or three go. From fourfifty in the morning

took the first steps in coining for himweeks at any one time, it was considerfor over eleven hours their swaying to of a task say goodbye, knowing the curved train wove its way alongself a new title: "the Arizona Aposable

I that as I did should not see them railroad. again rails Father of the mountaintle!"

To visit the Saints in San Luis, prayfor sixthator oursevenlivesmonths.may beI sparedhope andso writes:

San Juan, Arizona, and New Mexithat we may again have the pleasure "Our journey over the mountains was co in the eighties meant long days of meeting."much more pleasant than when we

behind a team, long hours trailing came, as the weather was favorable for through deep sand on the back of a From Denver they traveled to An- (Continued on page 474) horse or mule and slow progress on tonio, and were met by Brother Silas the winding railroad as it reached S. Smith, president of the San Luis THEAPOSTLE"JOURNALWAS FROMCOMPILED.WHICH "THE ARIZONA

skyward to over ten thousand feet. Stake. The following two weeks

It meant camping out night after were spent holding meetings in all night in subzero weather and travthe wards and branches of that stake.

eling on roads obliterated by drifting On their way to the San Juan setsnow. However hard the way, the tlements, they stopped at Fort Lewis

joyful welcome at each branch or where the weather gave Father a new ward, the happy hours spent in hosexperience. He writes:

pitable homes, the mingling of con- "Had a good night's rest. It is feargenial spirits in humble worship fully cold this morning. Learned that it

richly compensated for physical was twentysix below zero sometime hardships entailed by such travel. during the night. It was twentyfour

It was on the 6th of January, 1 883, degrees below at sunrise. I think today

that Father's first short term mission is the coldest day I ever experienced.

began. In his journal he writes: Captain Daugherty kindly loaned me

his buffalo overcoat. It was large

"We are starting on a mission to the enough to go on over my overcoat.

Lamanites in Colorado, Arizona, and Shortly after leaving the fort we en-

I am convinced thatNew Mexico. We are also expected countered a wind.

to visit the Saints in these places. This I would have suffered very much from

is my first mission outside of Utah the cold had it not been for Capt.

Territory, and I hope with the assistDaugherty's overcoat."

ance of our Heavenly Father to fill an

I The cold pursued them into the successfulhonorable mission. and

know nothing about the country San Juan country, the record says:

through which we are going to travel, "Tuesday, January 23rd. Our party

NTERWEAVINGS By MARGO BURDICK A Young Writer

In the water the fish were gray with had flashes. been brilliant she put them When A,.rthurmorning. Laura swunggone since Arthur cook, to was on the stove

open the ranch house door and empdressing Stephen, who rubbed his tied a dishpanful of water into the eyes sleepily and grinned the wideweeds at the edge of a brook that cut toothed grin of a twoyear-old.

through the lucerne. In the willows Grace, who was four, sat on the

by the cottonwood tree, the children wooden bench beside the open door were playing, their loud shouts and tied a shoe. Her blonde hair was

sounding joyously above the distant combed awkwardly. "I'm going to

noise of mountain water. build a doll house today, Mama,"

Arthur had said to her once, "No she said, and when Laura did not matter how long I am gone, you will answer her, "Mama, I'm going to always have something to talk to build a doll house."

you. Listen to the wind, or to a "Yes, dear. That will be fine."

meadowlark, or to the sound of the Stephen said, "Me too, Mama, me creek breaking over stones, and you too."

will know that there is something in Arthur set the baby on his feet. SUDDENLYLAURA'S FACESHE BEGANWAS INTOHERCRY HANDS.ALOUD.

their voices that speaks from me to "I think I'll ride down the creek to you constantly."Will's for the mail before I'm off toLaura had remembered often. It day. You won't be so lonesome if to them as he rode away. Laura

had been difficult for a citybred girl I bring you something to read."went back into the house. The odor

to remember when the great loneliLaura put the fish on the table. of warm, baking bread filled the

oilcloth at the sat room. She down face for a familiar yearning ofness for knelt morning When they

letter. the table opened covered and over swept spokenor a word firmly, with her, prayers, spoke Arthur

but she had remembered. Once he assurance. Laura wondered how he "Dear Laura,"it read. Marianne's

had been gone for three days in blizcould be so sure there was a God who writing was round and smooth like zard weather to do repair work on listened to all he had to say. "Perher own. She was very much like

a telephone line, and she had rememhaps it is that I have never been tried her sister in many ways. Mariannebered until he came back. She had that makes me so uncertain,"she talked happily of home news—her

learned to fear death less as time thought. And then, "Bless my hushusband's work, a new book, howwent by, but she knew if he were to band and my children and all those tall Teddy had grown, how much she

die, or anyone else dear to her, she I hold dear."There was a rush of wished they could see each other

had little faith to help her live warmth within her when she arose, again. And then, "You speak of

through the days that would follow. as though something within her death as though it were all around

Arthur had brought her a hatful waited words to be spoken. you, Laura. I'm afraid being alone

of trout for breakfast that morning, so much on the ranch with your two beautiful shining bodies sleek and little kiddies makes you worry too brilliant as metal. A few grass blades /\fter breakfast Arthur much. When you are afraid, rememclung to them. "I love you,"he had rode down the canyon the five miles ber the good times we have had there,

said to her. "I love you because you to his brother Will's, where the post all the old crowd, before Father

are young and beautiful—as beautioffice was located. She had most of turned the place over to Arthur's ful as anything I know. And I love the housework done by the time he management—campfires, and Dars

you because you are wise."returned. He had a newspaper and with his banjo, and hayrides in the

She kissed him, laughing because two letters under his arm. One was moonlight, and sudden laughter.

he held her against him with his free a bill from the general merchandise Even though most of us are married arm, against the fish. He kissed her store in Millersville. The other was now, or gone away, we still rememagain before he let her go. "My a letter from home. He noticed the ber those times and you with us.

dear,"he said, tilting her chin, "you glad look in her eyes and laughed. "Or if that is not enough to comare too young yet to be allwise, but "A letter from Marianne, I'll bet. fort you, there is a something greater

you have the courage to wait for That'll give you something to think than those memories, something that wisdom. That is the thing we pray about while I'm gone."is with you continually—that is all

for together."He took the lunch she had packed about you, in the sunshine, in the

A great pride for him moved withfor him and kissed her again. "I'm echo of the creek against the cliffs,

in her so that she dared not meet going up East Fork to Red Hole to in the dark fragrance of pinetree his eyes again for fear she would turn the water down onto the meadshade. Laura, will you ever become

cry. She took the fish from him and ow. I probably won't be back until certain of that thing I speak about?

washed them in a pan of clear water. after dark, so don't worry."I want you to feel sure of it because

Grass blades floated on its surface. He kissed the children and waved {Continued on page 467)

SpbutvuaL iRsbaJxmamsmL

... and WjfwJL (Detente

THE CRYING NEED OF THE are faced with another Nephi had said of the divine destragic time of war—a time tiny of this land:WE cost when the of armaHOUR this land shall of liberty a land be And billions. ments is reckoned by Great the Gentiles, unto shall there and be no

industrial institutions are being kings upon the land, who shall raise up unto closed to their normal activities so the Gentiles.

all fortify I will this against land And that weapons of war may crowd their By E. CECIL McGAVIN nations. other lines, conveyer for and armaments fighteth that he against Zion shall And Seminary Teacher defense supplant the proregular (II saith of the Church perish, 10:1113) God. Nephi

ducts of industry. Special taxes are Department of Education

being levied upon the public; hitherto Continuing, Nephi declared the

undreamedof sources of revenue immutable law upon which this diwill be resorted to in an effort to of captivity will never be known vine protection is predicated:

that will never heads our proud this finance vast of defense. here, program I, the Lord, the king of will heaven, be defeat humiliatthe and that bow in is Yet there a source of protection their king I will... wherefore have all men

and defense far more reliable and ing terms of peace dictated to the that dwell thereon that they shall worship potent than the armored ships of the vanquished will never be heard in me, saith God. (II Nephi 10:14 and 19)

seven seas or the thundering tanks this great land, simply because of of the battlefields. It is that spiritual certain prophetic utterances regardThe blessings of heaven upon this

rearmament and moral defense which ing the land of America. land, the providential protection in

makes God an ally. Such a partnerIndeed, this land has been desigtime of peril, the utter defeat of all

ship can be formed and such an unnated as "a land which is choice foes and the triumph of this nation failing and invulnerable source of above all other lands,"yet every over all opposition, are to be comstrength can be gained. The assispromise made regarding its divine mensurate with man's allegiance to

tance of no nation or union of nations protection is based entirely upon the God. The Book of Mormon prophis comparable to the Lord of hosts willingness of its people to serve "the ecies and promises are based entirely

as a staunch friend and defender. God of the land."The prophet upon our sincerety and devotion in

There was a time in ancient Israel Ether made this very clear when he making God our King.

this choice when the prophet Gad came to David said: When the people of

reject land the of heaven as God It with the from Lord. a message this Behold, is a choice land and whatsotheir King, not they expect need any the that divine decree shall was nation David be ever it shall possess be free

punished for his sins. The Lord perfrom bondage, and from captivity and from more divine assistance and proviall dential protection nations other the than will apostate under heaven, they mitted of to the choose him method

serve the but is the of Jesus God land, whoif received Nephites they marwhen receive, preferred to punishment he Christ, hath the manifested been who by their shalled in armies the of land famine; years'"either three three or things written. which of have we (Book

months to be destroyed before thy Mormon, Ether 2:12) Cumorah, or the followers of Shiz

foes, while the sword of thine enewhen they marched forth to meet mies overtake thee; or else three days the battalions of Coriantumr.

the sword of the Lord, even the pestilence, in the land, and the angel of At this time of peril we should the Lord destroying throughout the read anew a revelation given to coasts of Israel. the Prophet Joseph Smith in 1831,

As terrible as the threatened pestiremembering that all the Lord's lence seemed, David replied, "... I promises are based upon our faitham in a great strait: let me fall now fulness:

into the hand of the Lord; for very Ye hear of wars in foreign lands, but

great are his mercies: but let me not behold, I say unto you, they are nigh even

doors, at your not years hence and many fall into the hand of man."( 1 Chron.

shall in of lands. hear wars your ye own 21:1213)

it shall the... to pass come among And

The Lord is an ally whose omniwicked, that every man that will not take potent assistance is to be sought up his sword against his neighbor, must more diligently as the peril inneeds flee unto Zion for safety... and it

creases. Men cannot trust solely shallat warbe withthe onlyone another.people that shall not be in the arm of flesh. A greater power And it shall be said among the wicked,

must be sought as the only sure deLet us not go up to battle against Zion, for fense in all emergencies. the inhabitants of Zion are terrible; where-

. all stand. nations cannot fore we And are think that There some who terror afraid the of.. of the be because

1 this to invasion; land is immune his of might. that Lord,shall and the power

the machines of war or the horrors (Continued on page 468)

BY HAROLD H. JENSON Historian,Utah's first JULY 24th Sons of the Utah Pioneers

CELEBRATION Historyticularlyrepeatingtrue of Pioneeritself is celepar- a staff painted red on the upper part fasof a ribbon white branch and 24th, brations staged July bell, guns, the ringing of and the Nauvoo at carrythe top, tened one of them spirit the arrival of President airs stirringhonoring the band. from 8 By

Brigham Young and his band of one o'clock the multitude were called together ing a flag and the inscription "Libfiring of the six the procession music, erty guns Truth."and by by and The three men, fortytwohundred womof the several bishops themarranging wards o'clock, the started at nine young and this children day onen two who and in aisle, sides selves the the the of with a sang young and hymn men womenin Salt into their the unfurled, of Great banners bear1847 each came wards

Lake Valley. ing some appropriate inscription. At a through the streets, the cannons

quarter past Presidency 8 the of the roar, Stake, continual musketry kept a up first one, a mild winter was The the to and prepare the Twelve, bands went bell rolled, forth pealed the Nauvoo came, 24, 1848,and July when the the escort at President... house, Young's air silvery its the was notes, and the unheralded. direction under August went of Lorenzoday Snow, On

1 of that year, history records that Jedediah M. Grant, and Franklin D. Richfilled with sweet strains of the brass

a harvest feast was held and the ards. band playing a slow march.

in the given program bowery The for raising theSaints thanks gave detailed descripfollows a Then arrived after started the procession barley. oats, corn, Alof wheat, and first tion of the has parade which of shouts there loud "Hosannah and offered a Bridger hadthough Jim briefed: been S. Eldridge Horace air the to the and made Lamb"God first grain dollars the forthousand miliin horseback marshal was on reverberate. Presidents Young, Kimthis raised, neverthat could wager be tary uniform. brass a came Then Smith, ball, Richards, and John 1 paid. of winter 848 waswas The martial a band. band and Twelve K. Whitney, Thomas and Newell this the time one, buta hard by of bishops followed bearing banners aisle the Bullock proceeded down prepared.Saints were their followed twentyfour wards, by given a with cheers were loud and the 24, 1849, Tuesday, July On in with white, dressed young men Deseret."of the to Governor "Hailfirst celebration actual Pioneer Day their right shoulders scarfs white on praise, Erastus of a After hymn History, held from Journal andwas their each heads, coronets and on of thanksoffered the prayer Snow Office, file Historian's the aton we in right their carrying the hands lagiving. Ballantyne Richard (whoread: of the of Declaration Independence School, ter the and founded Sunday

Being the anniversary of the entrance of the United States and swords sheathed was one of the twentyfour young in left their the carinhabitants hands, Valley, the into one of thempioneers then in a forward and men) came nine of the firing rounds awakened bywere beautiful rying with banner a "The the presenting Declaraneat speech martial music. artillery, accompaniedof by thereon. inscribed the of Lion Lord"tion Constituof Independence and then martial bands were brass andThe

"carried in two carriages"through the city Then came twentyfour young womtion of the United States to Presithe to en, in returning white, white alternately with dressed andplaying received dent Young, which was by an 7 o'clock. bowery [The wasbowery by their scarfs right shoulders and on led shouts""deafening a three by atop poles of structure with boughsoutdoor their heads, of white roses on it live for of President is wreath Young "May the shelter sun from on what amaking

now the tabernacle block. The bowery was each carrying the Bible and Book ever and ever."The Declaration of

feet bearing wide, feet a very and long 60 and one 100 building of Mormon,a then read by Independence was boards, with posts coveredbuilt 104 and on neat with "Hail banner blazoned a Bullock read Mr. to Erastus Snow. this a services canopy for the day onbut general auChieftain."our The P. Pratt, of Parley composition feet "The about 100 extendedor awning was

from each side of the bowery to accommothorities of the Church followed.1 Mountain Standard,"which was

dinner.] "Silver at multitude Grey's"the vastdate Twentyfour ladies men. the young and led by sung by

flag, large national measuring 7:30 a At patriarch, each having Isaac Morley, the orator of Richards Phineas was at the top in length feet unfurled65 was

of the Liberty Pole, which was 104 feet 1A company of the Nauvoo Legion composed of day and congratulated President high and was saluted with the firing of six men over fifty years of age. {Continued on page 471)

i*cthsLStalking jungles AFRICA By GARDELL DANO CHRISTENSEN

[The editors wrote the author for We sailed from New York in the something of his life. The following middle of winter, and six weeks lareply which was the was so good we ter we landed in Mombasa on the it to you.] to pass wanted I was born, where the sugar factory east coast of Africa. We had

now stands, in Shelley, Idaho, in sailed down the west coast first 1907. One afternoon in the high sighting land at Dakar, around to

school auditorium an article in the the Gold and Ivory Coasts, stopCarl Akeley Mentor Magazine about

MT. MIKENO and the American Museum inspired ping at all the important ports. Cape

me with the thought that there was Town was like southern California.

for. talents crying that were work my the entire during calm sea was stood look- I and man later woman deThe in Angeles years Los Two trip. a glorious voyage. had We it off longer and cided not to put any ing vinedraped, through

spring cold morning landed one the at a so mossladen branches From Mombasa we took without City a cent in York INew six gorillas, their next to Nairobi. long shaggy TheAfamily of foltrain not a soul. knowing and What

black hair silhouetted against the lowed would make a sermon. That months were packed with excitement

sunstrewn jungle beyond giant was on Friday. By Wednesday I and interesting experiences with

started on my career. giraffes, countlions, for theirtrees that elephants, clung very lives was and

for anything the Amerwork at To animals. slopes day the less other rugged of snowcap- oneon Then of realization the ican was Museum

ped Karasimbi and majestic Mike- a dream—a dream just beginning. Of back in Nairobi we stood beside the

no. Away beyond they could see course I had to begin at the bottom trucks loaded in the courtyard of

active volcanoes on the other side butwas whatbeforedidmethatnowmatter.and I wasTheyoung.world the Norfolk Hotel (famous as the

of the Kivu valley puffing their yelFor seven years I labored and then starting point of many an important low sulphurous smoke into the sky. the dawn came. I was asked to represafari), ready for our trip into the

to expedition an on the Museum Besides tents and Belgian Congo. gorillas peaceful; were The a sentAfrica. anygo? Would Would supplies, naeach truck had several in themother and baby were sitting working I been one go! What hadI

sun eating wild celery; others were for? I was in Africa for a year. Then tives perched high on top of the

to every the next year load. infrolicking behind. the trees Alaska—off A

colfour for the next year years—to erect standing malehuge was beatOur "White Hunter,"Major Collectlect of animals. kinds many

ing his chest as another male came ing not for sheer joy of shooting but Dickinson, was to drive one truck, in for the children of education the slope.walking up New contribhad Campbell who tell William lives, their to to broaden collecting time a crowd of people York, uted the By this were groups we of the far places and the world away

one. from otherhad I, the another, drove and for trees the earth bring all to and very gathered—people

thrill to to to the and people children every know of life, the fromwalks the to road out drove on We vicarious adventure. a inneighborhood and residential York the suburb north through New

getting the uneasy, world Then was miles away.from towns The many the Martin Johnof Mathaiga where for preparing war.

gorillas looked as if they were In the last long hour before the sons had lived, and where all the alive. They were the real skins darkness set in, a ray of light apconsuls live.

I horizon. the western peared on knew forms from measurementson made

it leatherlate short but the of time road, the side the and was was By those shotof animals very those on it try. the a worth Morwas We, carrying heavnative robed women real, trees slopes.very in were The celebrate 1947, in mons, and would their ily heads baskets loaded on in great organizing plans minds were actual the leavesappearance, were to native the slowly walking were just for the occasion. memorable Not paper,replicas of wax, and made

triblasting synthetic "hurrahs"but bordered road bazaar. was The gorilla'scelluloid. nest and The the of just the utes, as Ameriworks trees of and banana with groves

too. real vineshanging real were The oxen, were: modcan Museum in little clearings, distance, every alive, to their look skins eled with for his studies thepainter had made

that had real yokes and and wagons in Africa, right therebackground plains, the across actually come and THE RARE OKAPIin the high saddle were where nights actual with portraits of pioneers cold and days hot, in a remote corclothes on, real sagebrush and sod, ner of the Belgian Congo. real sorrow depicted and real joy

into a had I gone Why As the spectators moved from one strangeportrayed.land new things? and learned

group to another, they saw animals Why had I been given the opporand vistas that had been brought tunities of visions of such things?

from Africa and placed there in a MaybeBut thethiscloudswas why.of war were looming

great marble hall of the American overhead and men's minds were unMuseum of Natural History. A decided and unprepared and the vulthe of and darksky ture out swept it task! done?tremendous was How

light. of the ray Only enveloped Let's say with on ness were you me the remains: of hope the memory

the expedition to collect the rarest knowledge of what can be done; the

animal in the world, the okapi, the determination for a new dawn.

jungle dwelling cousin of the giraffe But now through the nightmare of that is partly covered with stripes (Concluded at toppage)center of opposite like a zebra.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1942

would be grass huts with natives page) previous (Concluded fromsitting about, talking.

out its very world tearing a We drove down the escarpment must, like everyone else whosoul,lovesI into the Kidong valley past herds freedom, put my talents to the tasks of game dotting miles and miles of of war and counter war. Oh, blue

grassy plains. Then through little skiesjaggedandpeaks,whiteitclouds,will betallworthpines itandif

towns, past huge sisal farms and what we gain is really freedom and cattle and sheep ranches, around peace, and not a new and cunningly great outcroppings of lava flow and conceived concept of suppression.

extinct volcanic craters, up to high bleI inheritance.have always beenBut toreligious,relate thea noac-

altitudes and down into lush valtivities that I have engaged in or even leys, past green lakes fringed with to mention that I had been in the the of of every presidency quorum flamingos.pink Although were we

that the I have of Priesthood branches althe equator, the nightson were all organithe auxiliary of held and ways cool and the days pleasantly zations and taught innumerable warm. The sun always rose at six classes makes me feel that I am boastPYGMY WOMEN

that only can ing about humble work six. tell their at set nativesand The great Great the men. performed be by tracks fresh us on and showed aftertime that so way, hours many is that inestimable work do men who streams. several of bars sandsunrise sunset. or in of terms much not measured how their of had pygmies group A well. but they done have how My into past went, Uganda we On to consented at little Putnum's and small, credit camp are so so ways my grasselephant sixteen fourteen and

life I is I all that that say hope first can did thing us. guide we Thefeet high, that grass papyrus and I that enjoy will conducted can be so several build to base a camp was in right the of beside marshes friendshipgrew the men and company

It jungle. in the miles was deeper certain that faces shine with whoseroad. at the stopped Rippon We pygmies the to passwonderful strangers watch that when even glowFalls to see the surging water from

is a man."say, good ing "There by feet ninety vine climb up hanging a intothe lake great Victoria Nyanza

off dangerous tree a big chop andthe of beginning the River, Nile and little thick, crude limbs, foot with a that recalled Dr. Livingston hadwe these Hall, on who, African and all were they the time hatchets, andrightly told that Stanley believed he shot before, slopes years had very little buwoop, singing "Buwoop, the of that main supply waterwas in gorillas York the back and New course songs. bu-u-oop"Of we for alive countless kepthad Egypt to immortality. sculptured them had in the ventured anywhere nevercenturies. his given had Carl Akeley who It guide. life jungle a without pygmy in the next stop Ruanda Our was of could the that people America their slightly interesting to see was of the Belgiancountry Congo, down them. to Africa brought have skim bodies, sleek crouched,

in valley. the All night clouds Kivu

trail in thick the the through low encircled the highhad but peaks is to Irumu from 'T'he Kivu road It vines. harder on leaves and was skies. clearwith Guidcame dawn beautiful the of most mounone backs. our primitive the nativesed most by all the past in world, the tain roads these about learned much Wetall far, thus seen our hadwe made we eternally Ruwenzori snowcapped they people, quaint miniature how forests through dewdrenchedway lucky are people range. Few their food, gathered and hunted the of steep slopesup Mt. Mikeno. it, it to for encased see enough built their and homes they how climbAfter an through arduous in time. the of were clouds most isWe their they clothes and how made jungle, forest,dense and bamboo past, the fortunate, as for drove we night happy. kept always One jungle the sadmore reached we sparkling there clouds and opened full, gaththe they when was moondle between Karasimbi and Mikeno in sunlight the the jagged were fire sang. ered and open around an out looked beautiful theand over ice snow. with peaks studded and fellows in clearing be- a two Out thatscene for the forms background of the out mouncame As we beating everydrums, gan on andthe gorilla group. tains expanse, the great entered we circled weird one and around and

is this place shrine, us for a To of of miles impenetrable hundreds frantic Sometimes began. dancing

inhere encased bur- a cement tomb the jungle through which Congo it all night. lasted

in isied solid lava the of Carl body its tributaries flow. River and Here the of throb maddening The theAkeley, genius whose conman real the story books. of Africa was of harsh the mingling and drums,ceived idea the of the magnificent in forest Ituru the black deep Here shrill in primitive tones voices and

the pygmies dwell. We camped on the surging of crusted feet on hard PAINTING THE OKAPI

the Epulu River at the laboratories clay, the rhythmic sway of bodies of Pat Putnum, a Harvard man who, accented by sudden contortions, on coming to the Ituru on an expeglowing and gleaming in flickering dition liked it so well that he decidlight from the red fire and the pale ed to continue his studies right blue moon was an experience never there. He and Mrs. Putnum kept to be forgotten.

a little hotel merely because it afDays were crowded with work forded them company. Government for we had to prepare trees, vines,

officials, Americans representing oil and leaves, to gather soil, rocks, and rubber interests, missionaries, ant hills, and dry leaves to ship and tourists from all parts of the back to New York. We took phoworld stopped there on an average tographs of the jungle and made

of threefifths of a person a day. color sketches of leaves and paintPat was sure we could get okapis ings of orchids and other parasitical

right there, and to prove it he took growths on the trees. Preparations

us out into the jungle that afternoon (Continued on page 454)

SERVICE*** By HUGH TONER LAW

TvJot content to 'only stand and wait'this man has conquered great obstacles in order toSIGHTLESS SERVE.

Note. This article is based on an

interview with Brother Albert M.

Talmage, and his sister, Sarah Patten, who publish a Church magazine for the blind and send it throughout the world.

Talmage to publish a magazine for the blind.

Printing the magazine, which was named Messenger to the Sightless,

ALBERT M. TALwas no new field of endeavor for

STEREOTYPMAGE Brother Talmage. his wife He and

ING BRASS PLATES previously printed limited maFROM WHICH HE had

PRINTS A CHURCH terial with the stereotype machine MAGAZINE FOR THE

BLIND. HIS SISTER, and a handpress and had traveled

MRS. SARAH PATTEN,

IS DICTATING TO throughout Utah visiting blind peoHIM. ple and teaching some of them to

read Braille.

The handpress being difficult and very slow to operate, the Society for the Aid of the Sightless, which suactivities creased the which Church pervises the publishing of the magafinger their sensitive running felt to has from time time, the need zine, electric secured an job press tips imprinted the dots over on for first such a magazine recogwasBY from for Deseret The Brother News of a pages blind magazine, in fields. nized the mission Missioninking Talmage. device the The on people the throughout able are world aries for asked literature Church press of out order, was but that did to inspiring of read the messages in written Braille characters give to it not in handicap printing Braille. the Authorities General the of to blind investigators. members and it fast for ran However, too the blind the Church of comforting and words First Presidency The responded by printer to safely insert and remove Latterday Saint hymns. the organizing for Society the of Aid sheets of paper. Socalled experts familiar are the with Members Sightless, the late appointing the Elin, called were but they unwere teachings of the they Church which its der E. president James Talmage to able the satispress make work receive in ink printed through words blind asking and Brother Albert M. (Continued on page 470) the ofon pages books and magazines; but how many realize what is

being done for the blind that they, too, may be able to read the words of our leaders? Few know that

every month a magazine containing hymns, selected poems, articles, and excerpts from addresses of the

Church leaders is printed in Braille and sent free to blind people ANDTHE BLINDHIS PRINTERSISTER throughout the world. PRINTING THE

That it is distributed so extensive- "MESSENGER TO THE ly is not the striking thing about the SIGHTLESS,"WHICH

TO BLIND SEND striking thing ismagazine. that THEY The PEOPLE THROUGHprinted for thirty years it has been OUT WORLD. THE

by a man who has been blind since UPPER LEFT AREAT childhood. This man is Albert M. PRINTED PAGES

Talmage, a brother of the late Elder DRYING ON RACKS.

James E. Talmage. In his home in

Provo, Utah, every month since 1912, he has stereotyped Braille dots on brass plates from which the pages of the magazine are printed, has printed these pages in a press, folded them and stapled them together.

Like many other needs for in438 a

perhaps he was right. After all, she

was thirtytwo and this was her opportunity to have that home which might fill up the growing gap in her SO PROUD! heart. All her college friends had

married or were scattered. Just last

Sunday Sister Akerly had asked her, halfconversationally and halfre- provingly, when she was going to settle get married down. It had and By RITA MILLER hurt a little, but been trying she had

to adjust to this growing social pressure thrust upon her. Lately, she

had felt a little lonely at Church no crowd her own age and unattached.

What good times they used to have! Green and Gold balls when

Mother helped her little excited Ann into her blue taffeta with the frill around the bottom! Basketball

games, and her Neil had been the star! Neil... Oh dear, how we

forget; why it had been years since

she had even thought of him. Neil

.., how strange the name felt on

her lips. Once it had been no

I> T was not until the sound word.stranger there,Impetuous,but ainsistingdearly lovedNeil.

of a vacuum treading its way on the Gay, handsome, funloving, and oh, deep rich blue rug in the outer ofso proud. Proud? No—not proud

fice penetrated Ann's feverish conTHERE BEFORE HER WERE THE FAas she had been.

centration that she was startled to OLDMILIARFRIEND—ALINES OFFRIENDTHE WITHFACE LAUGHOF AN

light thatsee night the and TER on was in family 11er pride her CLEANINCUT.HIS EYES—BRONZED AND untilthat 6:10; but not it was it was and her brothers sent missions on

she had let, the day's mail slide and in her own which she could through the slot into the mail box my opponent at the polls next fall never forget had been the joy of her that she realized she was completely and I would like to have you there life. She had carried that pride in

exhausted, she must and tonight they come. I'll send the car not when sparkling her angry eyes and

be. black smart on her Ann pulled for you."straight, young shouldetermined

kid gloves, adjusted her hat and At 8:10 a refreshed and lovely ders that night she had left Neil

squared her straight shoulders. ToAnn paused a moment before leaving standing at the foot of her front steps

night she must not be tired! her apartment. She walked about in Logan. She had cried that night.

What was the matter with her? the room thoughtfully looking at Yes, Neil had been gay, but he had

For ten years out of her thirtytwo each well chosen article of furniture been disdainful too.

shesition—startinghad been wrappedhumblyupatinfirsther andpoaschooseif theywisely.were friendsShe mustto helpbe sureher crowd.He hadCigaretstaken wereher withpasseda strangearound

that feverishworking with concenshe told tonight. when Harold there furtive botwere freely-—soon untiltration drive she and was now Harold Charles, of Winston one tles later which furtive. so not were

efficient,the wellaccomplished and city's the most atpromising young laughingly She had offers refused the liked Layton"; "Miss and she had torneys, was he nice when wanted her always was on way out last thisloved it. is, all except That to be and dynamite he when didn't.—gaietyoccasions as this. such she Perhaps

year. What had happened to her? That's why many had already slated and Neil could slip away.She had begun to feel restless—him to win the election for district But no, she had suddenly found

recalledlack the of something. She fall. attorney had one opHe herself alone, issue being an and was

inliving in their lovely house room brilliant one. "A ponent-—anextrecent this of refusal of that hers made had

that as she a childLogan had known newcomer"said someone "but had as to nature come her, second part—and her father calling the family not well enough known."It was of her personality nurtured through

histogether presenting of each and true not Harold a was Mormon activity years of in the ward and by of selectthechildren with problem had the broached subject only Ann the patient teaching of her wonderlife in theiring goals he and had once and called child. he her a had ful parents appreciated she whomsaid: high."them had She live world fighters "The in needs we that more she now away. was Why, secre- a splendid bechosen religious not enthusiasts,"he had "Setthree—to it not had even been a temptation.

tary, a mission, and on to go to have said laughingly, dismissingly. and It almost had been automatic and

children. and"a home marrying knew what Ann him here this Neil was now at her elbow

I reminiscing,""Here thought am "fit in,"mean. would She must he insisting. urging,

Ann reprimandingly, as the 6:00 had said. She must be a wife who She had turned to him incredibly

o'clock crowd jostled her along. could help him with his profession. and in that moment the dream she

"That must be a sign of old age."She must stop this "silly nonsense"had built up around this Neil with

at 8:30,""Dinner will be Harold cigarets learn about to and how in his serve the laughter crusheyes came

said. willhad "There imhis political friends and associates ingly her. top of on down One people their with favorite drinks. 'politicalportant,:;:>. Well, (Continued on page 453) bethere—evena few

ynunq. fistopMu ftoolc (RjoxJl

BELLS AND GRASS trip over, her fun after she arrived, and her HORNS AND ANTLERS to pleasure Illustrated. to intent everyone give de la Mare.(Walter The serious

S. (Wilfrid Bronson. exciting delightfully Press, humorous City. 1942. andViking York make New

and Company, NewIllustrated.York. Harcourt, child, can read Brace for the144 pages. $2.50.) reading young who

1942. 143 pages. $2.00.) because of the size for himself the book childelightfully whimsical book ofTHIS print. the M. C. /. dren's to the that the child add of valuable volume first impression verse is a Probably

to those people. for young books must is the with ease

Walter wrote de most of la Mare is print the these NOAH'S(Helen E. ARKMyers. Illustrated. Doublewhichwillhegetreadsfromthethisstory,book forverses when he was very young—and now day. Doran and Company, Garden most satisfying for young eyes. But the

in rereading them he said that he recapCity, 1941.) lasting impressions will be the information

intured the the of delight the very young the of habits the Americoncerning North appreciate the youngest can very life. willordinary Even things readers of His author, antelope. deer and The can who old, of old story in the the when dramalikewise that experience of keenness second illustrating, his beautiful capably does own earth quarrelsome the the people became onsight that in the earth to them differences his the and of analysis handles

to rewill serve drawings bad. and Theclarity and C. /. addition, family. similarities In of the deer willjoy.—M.restore it a story the inforce become and make puzquestions have he which answers may see children the in of reality minds whoAMERICANS EVERY ONE adults. also Chief children but zled not only

Illustrated. (Lavinia Davis. R. Doubleday, them.—M. C. J. it is as question is the among these to why

andDoran Garden Company, City, New kill for deer. at times man to HAVE A CARRIAGE necessary YOU SHALL 1942.York. $1.50.) 123 pages.

Illustrated. Coatsworth. (Elizabeth is to the introduction a good book The collection stories imof small aboutThis 1941. York, life Company, Macmillan should person of every New wild study which

is this to migrants of value country $2.00.) pages. 138 make. C. /. M. it creates sympathetic understandbecause a

died, Mitchell's father Joe Jeding the children the of United between WHEN he that himself day some promised nations. ofStates those other English and DOLLS OLD STORY OF AND THE

fine carriage. Alhis a mother would buyPhilip to character a love along becomes ONES MAKE TO NEW HOW

time, the seemed promise the at though Carlos, Finnish Grecianwith and Jon, Cuban

Aspasia, Bavarian Hansi, Czech Chena, and farthest from accomplishment, it wasn't long (Winifred H. Mills and Louise M. Dunn.

many other children from foreign lands who before he began to do things. The. flood Illustrated. Doubleday, Doran and

with their parents had chosen to make proved his bravery, and impelled him to Company, New York, 1940.

America their home. take a greater step toward becoming inde227 pages. $2.50.)

This book is a step in the direction pointed pendent. How he changed Bad Luck Planout as necessary by Louis Adamic: in the tation into Good Luck Plantation will fire This unusual book is a combination of

direction of making these immigrants prethe hearts and minds of ten to fourteen year the story of dolls through the ages, serve the best from their civilization to the olds.—M. C. J. from Egyptian to the present, and of deend that the United States may become tailed instructions concerning the making of TILL CALLED FOR LEFT socks, dolls materials as such various from country greater than evenan

Illustrated. DoubleTreadgold. ( Mary husks, corn rubber, papiermache, sponge C. J. she—M.is. Garden day, and Doran Company, materials. plastic other wood, and BALLVOLLEY 1941. pages. $2.00.) City, 304 (Robert Barnes and A. S. LaVeaga. art is professor of assistant Mills Miss deals with English author story an byCo., $1.00.) York. This New in University State Mrs. the Louisiana and

the of of invasion the one ChanNazi is at of education associate curator for best ball, the of one gamesVolley of Dunn islands, the nel scene been which had colof Art. the Cleveland They fitness, Museum physical developing has been of the the vacation Templetons. summer earlier in the laborated Plays book Shadow late. impetus ofgiven new

the revolves Templestory around two The reto which and Produce Them, was is itself in the the How play important Most in the Caroline, children, ton and Mick who for in the 1938, December, p. viewed Era skills. of techniques andmastery Enjoyleft island the of hurried evacuation were 740. activity best the thement from and come

friend, their Beaubehind. Monsieur With his stick play.best with LaVeaga, men writers are capable done have They who get to information marchais, they managed illustrations, in real gives help fundamental find to help construcpersons young much to before helpful the French which was offense defense andtechniques—serves, tive recreation. /. C. M. England. to returned rescued and they were other superior elements volplay, of and

C. J. [Concluded on opposite page)ley ball.—By Leona Holbrook, Associate—M.

Professor of Physical Education, Brigham

Young University.

COME AND GET IT (George W. Martin, A. S. Barnes

and Co., New York. $2.00.)

Here's a welcome volume for those of us who will seek enjoyable and simple recreations this summer.

It's an outdoor cook book, illustrated, and has recipes, menus, and ideas for the best of outdoor fare.

All of the ordinary things become extraordinary by these directions; and if you

want to cook something already extraordinary refer to the last chapter, for there you will find many hunter's specials, deer, birds, and even how to cook a bear!—By

Leona Holbrook, Associate Professor of

Physical Education, Brigham Young University.

PRIMROSE DAY (Written and illustrated by Carolyn

Haywood. Harcourt, Brace and Company,

New York. 1942. 200 pages. $2.00.)

Merry Primrose Ramsay was evacuated from London as a result of the war.

But when she came to America to live with her aunt and uncle and her cousin, Jerry, she found that she could be happy even far away from home. The story of her boat

lojunq (jJhifcihA.

CRICKET SERENADE

By Emily Barlow

TThe trees were hushed within the wood.

The moonfilled brook sang tranquilly.

The air was filled with unheard murmurings.

The silence swelled and tensed and burst

Into a thousand tongues that versed

A shrill and solemn chant of praise

To Luna's lovely radiant ways.

IN DEFENSE OF THE "SILLY AGE"NIGHT SONG By lla Hunt By Emily Barlow HEAVEN TO ROAD MY night at garden smile, but to cover T heart a ache. The

place. Is a hushed Gertrude Allen Van By tear. I laugh, to but hide a

sun's white The I grin, to conceal an open wound, long, traveling road, long a on left satin lace the Has I'm giggle, fear. to hide to a end, seems have no That And cool, ivy Of the

But there's something waiting for me And each rose is a pool

Just around the bend So please don't think me silly, Of scented grace.

to Another bump travel over And to slits eyes I close and find my trial In life's hard

I here not mind would My smileif I laugh,is hidingdon'ta thousandfrown; fears, That successful it seem To make

And worth my while. That I'm trying, hard, to down. If I were blind,

There seems to be no rest in store For day has left such loveliness behind.

As I travel on and on;

I wish Of I acouldroad reachthat's verythe endlong, SIMILAR SENTIMENTS IN TWO MOODS

But if I keep on trudging, years Just more a few DEAR FRIEND last, I'll find at myself Victorian) (Mood door. heaven's At

EXTRAVAGANCE By Frank Wilkinson

I that to thee, could send would Ila Hunt By OH I Friend, feel in the love Dear me. offered her me LIFE to* face neophyte, me, thy cup Thy

of Brimful happiness light; serene a holy and Has

I sip or two. a took I that find in thee should meant 'Twas

It feel so happy, made me friend. return to Would'st thou me A

heartfree, and gay So I feeling similar? end. A

I ohso-laughingly, That in friend. hast a Thou me

the nectar, Poured On a moonbeam, resting That on the was ground. HI, PAL!

I gaily turned around Then And asked for another cup, (Mood Moderne) found And to my dismay By Frank Wilkinson That I had thrown,

My all—away. WELL, kid, I finally got around

To writing you this page profound.

that is not so sore. arm your AndOn the Book Rack I hope you're better than before, I'd like to soon; some see you day

{Concluded from opposite page) Come over Monday afternoon.

I'd finish better gee! now, oh COMRADESGOOD

don't Boy, troubles pile the on me? (Felix Salten. Bobbs Merrill, New York.

I it's Goodbye, guess I ate. time 251 pages.1942. $2.50.)

FEWthewritersnotablehaveplacein theirthatlifetimethey achieveddeserve; So I'll give you the gate.

is Salten, Felix these of Austrian fewone UP MARIA ROSA TUNE in understandexile Switzerland. an With

(Harriet E. Huntington. Illustrated. (Vera Kelsey. Illustrated by Candido acute as well of as an knowledgeing heart

Garden Portinari. Doubleday, Company, Doubleday, Doran and and Doran Company,the has of animals, he ways passed on much

1942. $2.00.) 1942. Garden City, $2.00.) City, New York. New York. to that understanding information andof

old and young readers of his books. Into this compact volume, the author has This book by two celebrated people inMr. Salten divides this book into two secwritten the history of the various kinds of troduces a new page in the Good Neightions: Comrades of Home and Town, and instruments in the orchestra: the percussion, bor policy, for if children read sympathetComrades of the Field and Forest, dealing the woodwind, the brass, and the string ically about our allies to the south friendliwith the animals found in each habitat. pieces. This book for young readers should ness will soon become a reality.

One of the interesting features of all of go a long way in building an appreciation Into this brief story, the author and artist

Mr. Salten's books is the peace and love and knowledge of symphonies. have done a good job of bringing before their

that he feels exists among the animals—and In addition to the wellwritten text, the young audience the South American love

by inference, which men would do well to pictures make visible the various instruof fiesta as well as the differences of animal emulate. Everyone should be introduced ments to increase the understanding. and scene. This book will be especially

to this sensitive, poetic writer. M. C. ].—M. C. J. enjoyable to the very young.—M. C. J'.

MEXICAN MONEYAXES By Charles E. Dibble

Roosevelt Fellow, Institute of

ELDER GEORGE ALBERT SMITH InternationalIndians of Educationmiddle America THEwere skilled in the working of metals. Copper, being more in

silver, gold was than and abundance Presifor Disbursing Utah by Agent copper was used. frequently The interesting notes following later reappointed and dent McKinley THE cast vato a or form either activities hammered the of Elder concerning Roosevelt. President Theodore by rings, refinger have Albert Smith been as of George such riety ornaments financial world, the business and In office of the A. ceived from Peggy bells, pendants, masks, earrings, nose will be vision which displayed has he Air the of Guetter, Director Western figurines. small and aviation. has to service great of He Lines Bureau. News of part Mexico's extended an Over vicepresident of director been and

diCompany; and Trust Utah Savings wellSmith, AlbertGeorge of UtahIdaho rector and vicepresident throughout and beloved known

the nation for his Church work Sugar Company; president of Libby Inand outstanding record with the Boy vestment Company; director of Z. C.

Scouts of America, is now director of M. I.; director of Heber J. Grant and

Western Air Lines, bringing to that Company, and a director of Mutual company his wealth of experience and Creamery Company.

love for aviation. His work with the Young Men's Muhas Association tual Improvement sixteen Albert years For George INSTRUMENT COPPER OF THIS SHAPE THE superior leadership. Then, too, STICK TO A DIGGING HAFTING SUGGESTS with shownSmith supported has watched and

interest of parental thealmost growth are copper found zone archeological first airline. electionthe nation's His beare so moneyaxes. named They take that will directoras a he means

is defined. clearly their not use cause

directing in part the activean company Innative the used they were by That air in bring 1926 to foundedwhich was are found they because dian, know, we Salttransportation to and City Lake of archeoassociated a diversity with the West. they objects. students logical some To

It that 3, 1927, he August on was sugaxes; others as whereas used took were

first flight ridinghis Angeles, to Los their of exchange as use a medium in the crude the plane mail which was size the name. compound The gest—hence transports. today's luxury offorerunner

still objects of these of other shape and that Albert Smith day,Since George that used suggest they been have may the everyhas flown throughout on West sticks. digging the of end on plane. oftype

archeological present the basis of On flights his early In recollection of his metallurgy of the technique evidence, notes, pilot his recalls that wrotehe him after middle reached sometime America inthe points of variouspointing out it art apnative A. 1000 D. a As intoterest, that flew they and down

in earlier America South peared much the for of closeup a viewthe canyons of after birth the soon—probably his Bryce.beauties of Zion and From

Christ. counof the knowledge thoroughown aboriginal of the metal work Much historicaltry, which data compiled he

its melting pots into Spanish found way allis for passengers guide standard a sufficient there Spain. to from and A region. this travel they overas

of remain, specimens choice number begin "It to fortune good ALBERT SMITH was GEORGE my to people with a however, reveal an airflying mail in the was day when of metallurgy. technique evolved passentriedbeing out the beginning few and when almost from of Boy Scoutgers had the opportunity to go by air ing in Utah he has been officially and

between Salt Lake and Los Angeles, actively associated with this movement and I have enjoyed my flying experiboth in a local and national capacity.

ences ever since. I am sure that the At the present time he belongs to the

day is not far distant when nearly National Executive Board and is the everyone will go by air when they have recipient of the highest awards in any distance to travel,"was written by Scouting, the Silver Beaver and Silver

George Albert Smith in a recent letter. Buffalo.

And it might be added that his very He has known personally six presifirst flight was in 1920 when he flew dents of the United States. Many

the English channel. United States senators, congressmen

Some of George Albert Smith's anand governors are counted among his cestors came to America on the Maypersonal friends.

flower and to the valley of the Great Educated in the public schools in Salt

Salt Lake with the first Pioneers. DurLake City, Brigham Young University

ing his full life he has played a promiand the University of Utah, it is interSP* nent part in reclamation service, being esting to note that on leaving the uniat one time vicepresident and then versity, he became a member of the president of the International Irrigation party that surveyed the Denver and Rio

Congress and president of the Dry Grande Railroad east from Green

Farm Congress and president of the River.

Farm Congress created by the merger Now he will take part in laying out of the other two. He was one of the the plans for the nation's aviation infirst Latterday Saints to receive a feddustry which has a future that needs

eral appointment when he was named the wisdom and experience of men like THESE COPPER MONEYAXES FROM MEXICO receiver of Public Money and Special George Albert Smith. ARE INSTRUMENTS OF UNCERTAIN USE

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1942

Owl CowitJa SainiA, AN OFFICIAL COMMUNICATION FROM

By Elder Mark Mottensen "BRIGHAM YOUNG, GOVERNOR"of the Northern States Mission

It is interesting that date, to note LaBrigham A. Harold recent Under of beginning our great the very the document enclosed fount faithful reas governor reYoung made been has there NationFromAmerican

this below, with comproduced his in that ports the and to of been charge people department has a rural in a letter to Dr. John A. Widtis foundation upon ment heart and the very work in Washington.

exist. all people At all timeswhich soe:

civilization has leaned upon the proold docufound an of friend mine good A farmer. the orducer letter reads: The

in which Boston old bookstore in an ment first landed people the on When interest to me. of be thought He would an he to seek they beganPlymouth Rock L. Smith Honorable Thomas it it to me. mailed The and purchased soil. were theexistence There from

1st S. Treasury Auditor U. it I because enclosing may document am hearts courageous withalways men

and wills constantly to push forward be of interest to others as well as to myWashington, D. C.

seeking new areas. Pioneers moved self. Sir:

westward across the rolling plains on If it has value, then perhaps somewhere This is to certify that I have not been sifting sands deathgrippingto the and files this be or the in may museum Church the Territory of or the absent from Utah.. the Desertof American huge opporthat an others have so placed, may Official duties since of a scene day my my the blue. of shoresfinally the reaching

it. I appreciate should your see to tunity

resplenwealth,Pacific of of land Office Governor, to the a appointment...

consider this to over whomever turning you beauties scenic the wonwithdent and for the ensuing to neither next be I expect do preto retain party the and proper be would is this nature.ders of wonderful How Quarter. this old document. serve its magnigreat of ours with country

Most respectfully,tude of people—a people that still is Cordially your friend and brother,

depending upon subsistence from the Harold A. Lafount. Brigham Young, Governor.

farmer.

Today the many members of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday

Saints can answer to the same account.

Throughout the world the teachings of

Mormonism have had their effect upon many people. Missionaries, since the

organization of the Church, have sought after and taught the gospel to the hard working and sincere rural folks. So it is today within the many

missions of the Church.

What a great joy it is to see the fruits of some past missionaries'labors; that

is shown by the many humble and sincere country Saints.

Try to visualize a home; maybe large

and rambling, perhaps small and dainty, yet a place that has become aged with a homey atmosphere. It is built far

back in the hollows of the hills, or in a place nestled amongst tilled fields.

It may be a house that has been home to many generations. Two missionaries walk up to the door. They are

greeted by a kind and gracious lady who is a member, or whose husband belongs to the Church. The two make

the fact known that they are elders of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. At once they are invited in and made to feel as if they

had been expected for a long time.

The husband returns from work, and everyone relates a part of their personal life; where they are from, what

they did, and perhaps something about their own community. That evening

there is probably a meeting held with the family and some of the neighbors invited in. A message is given or a

principle is taught with more contacts having been made. Yet at the same

time these country Saints have been a living example of the Church teaching.

Our country members are doing and (Concluded on page 467) MEADOW MOOD THIS IS THE PLACE HOME LAND

By Helen Mating By Ruth May Fox By Georgia Moore Ebecling

is sun. in forethe roar prophets place long motors a byHummingbird There is earth spot other on home; no my Here the told, blades to grass Streamlined wave ties, here dear; are ever so be Can my fold; Israel in gather dream. one would God Where lies, soil this mother's In body brown my elfin folk aisles the Deliver tyranny, the run from wicked them are whereHere

is birth. the that motherland gave This me destiny. their to of lead forward engines with vibrate them bumblebees AndAs

I mirth. of share and joy have had Here my is the place? steam. Where

first tears sorrow's drenched aching Here my truth for dear Lord, thy our God, and Oh eyes, his in a grasshopper with jumps knockThe name life wise, labor and love and Here made me gears. beaten, prophet our and mobbed We're... life's I've here learned duty and And butterfly oiling. brakes hingesHis need The slain,

its worth. ears. katydid to welladjusted notAre despoiled. In seek vain homes Our we

his of like frog croaks one carbon wasThe redress.

this the of I love of glory mine: home aches. is wilderness. a lodging only Our the towering cobalt peaks, sapphire sky, The

is place? the Where in trim parks; red, the roadster ladybug lakes of that gleaming blue mountainA The

Her motor shut off, she starts scratching "Be not dismayed,"said one so great and shine her shin. wise; Like lapis lazuli; bluebirds that fly

Could there be some trouble with one of her "We'll wend our way toward the western Above the aspen forests, and the pine...

sparks? skies; Here I've found faith to live, courage to die.

Are her plugs out of order? Is something Though wild beasts howl and demons bar

worn thin? the way,

to put We'll an end this nefarious fray."WORDS

the find place. We'llThe meadow is modern. How can it be

Andre Dora By thus?

desert, o'er forth fared mount, and they So you'll to the well andListen sounds know quiet, stream lowspoken words me it Give is true.

their fulfilment prophet's of sure dream; soft notes Like of A sweet; music low these creatures broadcast small canHow oft: the sea Faith whispered bade "Jehovah a them song to overcome Make fuss? a such

free."Israel ancient Roll might that be back I evil that meet. Despair and daylight rivets crickets when poundEven

find place. the We'll the gathered Let be them wind, by is through.

Another hill to climb! Oh, weary day! And scattered forth, on foe or friend,

Will it never end, this arduous way? Until their echoes beat against HEART'S CRY The hilltop gained, what wonder and surThe souls of men—and then again

to the troubled world, Reecho'prise! Helen Hooper By call sin, clarion against and wrong A their eyes. beauty met of marvelous A

rest without Unceasingly and place. dear Lord, humble, lovely be me AsceneHelp blest! this Until with peace world be afraid I'm far valley wide; spreading Behold a and

Afraid that in my careless, Majestic mountains guarding every side;

Winging youth Blue skies, a glistening inland sea;

Filled with heedless song and laughter, While over all the sun shone gloriously. TOTALITY

I too shall laugh much Is this the place? By Reese E. Faucette forget to cry, And murmured "No,"some. No mortal couldSing much, too

come! withstand summer sigh, forget to LET And

arid land; This awful display, in bold Spring has been desolation—this tooLive much,

grass, of scarcely blade There's a not a life clay, frozen tree; Bringing from fear to die. then And

thee, on. of Let Lord, us ask move we Oh to Springing of day. warmth up dear Lord. humble, be Help me

the place. us Show stretching arctic waste. was Where

SOUVENIR Their leader pondered; with searching gaze Living greenness has replaced.

beautiful, city with days a saw He come! summer Savtoti Dott By J. fair. Let fields, fruitful peace, gardens and Of

in Spring progress undo can temple, roses towering everywhere. hour, A this lonely should from for the action come Dormant newMusic said: turned and He that through. we're Cycle to to moving carry you, back A souvenir is the place! This

life betake seeds Sprouted the delivers which a flower from loamAs earth

To prove to spring through winter she was Themselves do not a harvest make!

true.

As from the darkened cavern of a cello Let summer come!

Ascending strains, like incense, fill the room, Spring is but the embryo!

Some tapestry as haunting and as mellow Fullest life must bloom and grow;

Should show where memory treadled at the Ripe maturity must know!

loom. Spring has been—its work is done!A lustrous thing should form within this Life moves on—let summer come!

shadow As diamond crystals from coal's ebony,

Here in this silence where no door nor FIRST LULLABY window Has opened at another's touch nor key; By Gilean Douglas

Before your sweet returning shall release me

This hour must yield its jade and porphyry. Lull of the sea and sway of the pine trees,

From painting by William Henry Jackson SilverSilenceof dreamsof starsandandsurgepeaceof ofmytheheart'ssky, HUMAN MINE OBSERVATION love—

first lullaby. By Genevieve J. Van Wagenen By Remelda N. Gibson These shall go into my

outlook scarcity of the on life the Lift the a lilt of of spray and song bird,There's ore called love The of of a sigh, of hate. a prayer wish and be better, over supply Will Hush when And an

Let's sink a shaft into our hearts One controls his tongue Light of my faith in days that are darkest

Before it is too late. As he does his pen. These shall go into my first lullaby.

HifBoofiTtacfi

readPerhaps other Great Text. from the

reader casual and New TestamentDr.icsWillardat the UtahGardner,State professorAgriculturalof physCol- GROW(Paul W.YOURDempsey.OWNHoughton,VEGETABLESMifflin ers—the lege, gave on April 22, 1942, the first annual Co. 184 pages. $2.00.) the nonreader—after enjoying these pages

research lecture, sponsored by the Faculty This is an excellent, upto-date handbook may venture the greater enjoyment: the

Association of the College. The theme of the for the beginner or the experienced garattentive perusal of all the gospels and all

lecture was The Scientist's Conception of dener. The subject is treated comprehenthe epistles, perhaps of all the New Testathe Physical World. In this day of science sively, from preparing the garden to cookment."

this subject is of deep importance, equally ing properly the vegetables produced. There With an introduction by Dr. Harry Emto scientist and to layman. As Dr. Gardner is even a chapter on giving the garden a erson Fosdick, this book, The Complete

traced the theme with scholarly care, from "beauty treatment"by growing flowers Sayings o} Jesus becomes a book that all earliest times to the present day, he came among the vegetables. The language is Christians will wish to own. M. C. J.

is clear simple. that to the material conclusion of the well ordata and from The TIME OF DAUGHTER

is justification illustrations charts, ganized. science, "there Tables, for conand no (Nelia Macmillan White. Gardner

aid reality that give the of cluding needed. is the wherever world world J. A. W. 1942. York, Company, New

is the perception."great of world's That pages. $2.50.) 272 SAYINGS COMPLETE OF THE is lecture of hope. published message The

the dealing novel with life of KathJESUS, IN AS RECORDED T'his THE in pamphlet A. W. form.—/. is erine exquisite Mansfield book, an KING VERSION JAMES

DESERT SAINTS, THE 1942.(The John280 pages.Winston$1.00Company,in cloth,Chicago,$1.50 beautifullyexcuse the mannerwritten. ofAlthoughKatherineoneMansfield's,may notFRONTIER IN UTAH in imitation leather, $2.00 in genuine rebellion, the reader can understand the

leather.) revolt. that circumstances occasioned which

of (Nels Anderson. University The its recreated era the author has are an eager and very to have The who many "Cor

Press, 1942. pages. Chicago 459 *- figures vital literary that in so she a manner this Christ, the of words handy book $4.00.) their to into transport the reader will their seems invaluable to addition be an

their into thoughts as as well and emotions libraries. into to Small slipped be enough story of the of early the days ChurchThis locale. it find will or purse, a pocket a read- a wide

in * gives unusual attention Utah to all this Mansfield, love Katherine its who To ing public of availability. because ready

life. St. family and communityMormon is a must book. C. book M. J. states: compiler's "Christ's purpose The

settlements neighboringGeorge and have into complete, sayings brought sequence a life furnished the intimate pictures of more LETTER TO A YOUTH lifted of occasions, times of but and out in lived in as Inc., Frontier Press, Creative (David Morton. "The Utah."Age to alien the contexts present purpose, may frontier story 1942. York. begins the pages. 75c.) 30 with The Utah New to story a prove be glowing only not new

ofsettlement 1847, ends the with and death slim will give to volume youth HpHis and to the the nonreader, to but even new in of 1877. Brigham as However, Young -*- adults the necessary to courage carry readers Testament a whilom have who New thebackground, the history of Church from this period during reevaluation. of 'continuities.'as on the not discerned yet The

is to in told wellwritten 1830 1847 two traces the author history of liberty will readers diverted "Devoted not human be chapters. as conclusion, proper And, a one lives the Socrates, through of Sophocles,

sets forthchapter the settlement of the issue Lincoln, Christ. the and Abraham Basing

the faced the the of about by time Church his their lives, to his points hope on he out ofdeath President Young. is all that there this for readers in hope even PRYOR'S ELINOR

The conventional, consecutive history of age when it seems that all the furies have the Church covering twelve chapters includes historical romance again been released.—M. C. /.

considerable information well not known, HAWAII OUR interest. real finalbut of four chapThe Fergusson. (Erna

ters deal subjects: with special Priesthood Knopf, A. New York,Illustrated.1942. 311 Alfredpages.

in Zion,Government of Economy Faith $3.50.)

Plenty, Socialand of PolygAMD recestablished Fergusson whose the Miss of andamy, Living. In Mormon ImplicationsWay

in writing travel ord books her makes isthese chapters to picthe attempt made enviable author has to done much make effectsture belief the of Church and practice NEVER feel it her compatriots see as and Hawaii its the lives ofupon members. Mormons,

is. really it is wrote, she "Sometimes As ordinaryas beings activated but human

to that hard part of is a remember Hawaii faith, high pictured a are here.by YIELD an the States."United

The excellent notes at the end of each With an understanding heart, the author chapter are of unusual value to the student "... ably weaves an interdepicts not only the current scene in Haof history. carereveal a Mormon They into the history the delves but waii and esting love story against an

ful reliable gathering of material for of to create the islands legends apprean the exciting historical backwriting of the book. ciative, to this intelligent response outpost

ground. States. the of United to claims author afThe "nominal have

is congratulated Fergusson Miss on to be of story turbulentfiliation""A dec- a with the Church. Nevertheless,

the vividness she creates this with which isthere the this evident in scholarly attempt in the history the of ade readable book. C. M. J. to fairvolume, in absolutely discussing be it is Church, Mormon keen a

the controversial issues of early many MorPAUL REVERE THE AND WORLD of able study and a womhistory. is fair that Indeed he so hemon IN LIVED HE an's for love her leansfrequently over husband backwards, on now Illustrated. Forbes. (Esther Houghton

one side, then on the other. Occasionally, and her antipathy to his Mifflin Company. 1942. 510 pages.

there are loose statements which cannot be faith."$3.75.)

accepted; but they are so few that they NEW YORK TIMES. EVERY once in a while a book is publishedmust be forgiven.

As a study of Mormon family and com- $2.75 all bookstores writtenthatormeritssaid aboutmuch it.moreSuchthana bookcan beis

munity life, Desert Saints is but a beginning. this volume on Paul Revere. Nowadays

That story, correctly and more fully told, we need to dig deep into our origins to that the essentials rediscover foreour made willas the to do, author hopes be a help THE MACMILLAN all their sacrifice willing for this to fathers itsin better building present world a from life the infant country. times Through andwarshattered fragments. the Yet, reading our of reevaluate Revere Paul democracy we COMPANY

theof leaves of understanding a book good in realities to closer present our and come San Franciscothe to vast of the history meaning humanity testing.

of the Latterday Saints. J. A. W. (Concluded on page 462)

CE tliurcimoves<>E provement Era extends its heartfelt sympathy.

Honor Accorded

/hief Justice Alfred Budge of LEFT: FREDERICK S. WILBoise, who has for many years

LIAMS, ARGENTINE MISSION been a member of the Idaho Supreme

PRESIDENT, RELEASED. Court, was honored by the University

of Idaho, with the conferring of the

RIGHT: JAMES L. BARKER, degree of Doctor of Laws, at the comNEWLY APPOINTED PRESIDENT mencement exercises at Moscow, on

OF ARGENTINE MISSION. June 1st. Justice Budge has been actively identified with the Latterday

Saint Church all his life.

Leaders Speak at Graduating Exercises Argentine Mission Birthday Anniversary T)resident David O. McKay was the

Head Appointed TPhe Era wishes to congratulate Elder A speaker at the baccalaureate exerclass of the graduating of Brigham Fielding will cises Smith, of professor * Joseph modern who L. Barker,James in the held University, Joseph Young his sixtysixth birthday July of Utah, celebrate University at the languages

7. Building on June Memorial 19. Smith Presselected by the Firstwas May 22, the of Church Dr. Adam S. Bennion S. WilFrederickidency, to succeed

liams as president of the Argentine MisElder Dies board of education delivered the comsion, In Mission Field mencement address in the same building 10. June a on Tlder Bennett, Windsor Alma filled to mission a Barker President the of Richards Elder Stephen -'L missionary the of Central East to 1901 Austria fromSwitzerland and

the baccathe of Council was Twelve States Mission, attack died heart of a is president of former1904. a WeHe State at laureate speaker the AgUtah in 1. Covington, Kentucky, June To head former and College, Ogden,ber

ricultural College, Utah, Logan, May his his family, his friends, at and comdepartment language theof modern 31. in the missionfield, is panions JmThe University.the He Brigham Young B. the Council of Elder Harold Lee Deseret of the Sunday a membernow the baccalauredelivered the of Twelve board. generalSchool State the at 24, Albion address ate May wife, his Governor Former will accompanied by be He Idaho. Albion, School at Normal a formerly Barker, H. Passes Blood MontgomeryKate Henry

general Relief Society the ofmember Auxiliaries Given issue to press, goes this we A s of charge will takepresidency, who *** Nights Program the passing learn of of former in the activities children's andwomen's mission. Their son, James L. Barker, Governor Henry H. Blood. At Tn keeping with the recommendations

Jr., is on a mission in Argentina, and the time of his death Elder A made in a recent letter from the First

will serve under his parents for another Blood was serving as president of Presidency instructing bishops to preyear. the California Mission for the serve sacrament meetings for the ward

President and Sister Williams were Church. membership as a whole instead of any

appointed in July, 1938. It is expected Complete details will be given special group, the evening meetings on

that they will return to their Phoenix, in the August issue of the Eva. Fast Sunday, which have been Mutual

Arizona, home. conjoint meetings, have been assigned

to the auxiliary organizations as follows:

M. I. A.—May and September. Relief Society—March and November.

and December. School—June and August. SundayPrimary—April

-jS'SBfs;:;-- Genealogical and October. Society—January

For the present, February and July 1 are unassigned.

Humbolt Stake Created MISSIONARY HOME LAKE SALT THE FROM FOR THE LEAVING MISSIONARIES was organized Stake TJTumbolt May 20, 1942 MAY 11, FIELD1942—DEPARTED ARRIVED MAY

Lucille Giles, Farnsworth, Dallin, Don B. Colton, Erma Verl S. Roland H. Porter, to right first row: at Elko, Left headquarters *"* 31, with

-. Stewart. David and Orley W. Waite, D. McAdams, Nevada, from the wards and branches Donald Dee Stewart, Allen E. Foisy, Charles L. Soelberg, Lloyd J. Kimball, Lloyd row: Second

Croft. S. Robert and Nelson, B. Lynn and Ogden Mt. the Reno, Nevada, V. of.Doyle Marsden, Carlyle Conrad, Hales Stanley J. Powell, Harold Anderson, row: M. Richmond Third It consists of the Stakes. Winnemucca Hackney. Gordon and W. Cottam, Osborn,u rGwyn, %..,.Zabriskie,.Spencer H. Moser, Mayo P. Dean R. Black, Forest Berrett, E. row: Fourth the Stake; the of formerly Wm. Reno Ward,

T. Parker. and Nydegger, Don LeRoy Thomas, S. Carlin, Metropolis, Elko, Wells and Updergraff,;H. Pulsipher, James William Mace, Grant Heaton, Hansen, E. Volma W. Fifth Owen row:

Mills. and Ivo affiliated D. Stewart, the Howard with which wards, were

Jenson, Melvin J. E. Max Jenson, Earl H. Griffin, and Homer E. Wade. row: Sixth IndeStake; Montello and the Nevada Gainsford. David row: M. Seventh

.. )

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1942

THE CHURCH MOVES ON pendent Branch, formerly of the Mt. ant managing director of the Church Council of the Twelve dedicated the

Ogden Stake. Welfare program announced late in Nounan Ward chapel of the Montpelier

Rodney S. Williams was sustained as May. Stake May 24.

the president of the new stake with "An adequate supply of fruit is deThe Montwell, Ioka, and Neola

Heber D. Jones and Leonard F. Ottley sirable,"he said, "as part of a balanced Ward chapels of the Roosevelt Stake

as counselors. diet, while to have a good supply on were dedicated June 7, by President

The organization was effected by Dr. hand to meet possible emergencies is Ray E. Dillman of the Roosevelt Stake,

Joseph F. Merrill of the Council of the in conformity with advice of Church and his counselors, Russel Todd and

Twelve and Elder Clifford E. Young leaders for nearly a century."Joseph T. Bentley.

assistant to the Council of the Twelve. Meanwhile the office of the Presiding

Bishopric have urged all wards, stakes, Stakes Receive

Church of the Air and home owners to store coal now. New Presidencies

Features Elder Young This conforms with the government President H. Fred Egan of the

policy of having the public get their his Stake * South counand Summit senior Levi Edgar Young, "Ruder facilities before transportation coal are *-* selors Carl Richards Ralph A. and First of the of president Council

taxed. too highly released. have been Winters Moses the the speaker the Seventy, was on

as sustained Taylor C. was the new System's BroadcastingColumbia Buildings Dedicated president stake with Richards Ralph A. Air"program "Church of the on June

14, at 11 a. m. MWT. His subject 'T'he Burley seminary building at Burand Carl Winters as counselors.

In the Burdette L. Bear Lake Stake Greatwas: Mes- "The A ley, Idaho, dedicated Sunday, was Certainties—A has P. Pugmire succeeded Hulme John the of America."sage to Youth 10, Stephen by Elder May L Richards

of the Council of the Twelve. as second counselor.

Deseret Book Store Elder Alma Sonne, assistant to the In the Portland Stake Richard C.

Stratford has succeeded Harold A. dedicated the Twelve, City JosephManager Named

as counselor. Candland second the of Stake, Chapel Snowflake Ward 7V Reiser, secretary general Hamer

9. at City, Arizona, Joseph May*** of Deseret School the Sunday Excommunications assistant Elder G. Marion Romney,

since general has board 1921,Union to the the Twelve, dedicated Meridian excommuniFreshwater, J. LJugh of the Deseret managerbeen named A * of Boise Chapel the Stake, for cated Ward apostasy 31, 1942, May March is Store. effecHis appointmentBook 18. in the Liberty Stake. Second Ward, 1.tive Albert succeeds T. July He President dediDavid O. McKay 22, Born (deacon). 1910 March 1941. died 29,Hooper November who the of cated Syracuse the Chapel for Ward Dubois, Frank excommunicated all Reiser traveled to has Elder who 24. Stake, Davis North in May apostasy 31, the 1942, Second March inparts the of holding Church Sunday assistant Nicholas Elder Smith, G. Stake. Liberty Ward, Born January in conventions, assistedSchool has and to the the ( Twelve, dedicated Randlett ) 26, 1914 priesthood no will lesson ofthe preparation manuals the of chapel Roosevelt Stake Ward Timpson, A. excommunicated Alma hisretain the membership Sunday on 31. for May plural advocating marriage Februboard.School succeeded, howwas He assistant Sonne, the Elder to Alma in 13, 1941, ary the Twentieth Ward,ever, as general Wendell Ashton by J, dedicated the Twelve, Myton Ward Stake. Ensign 28, Born 1905 March thesecretary of board. of the chapel Roosevelt 31. Stake ) May ( seventy

Elder Joseph Fielding Smith of the ( Continued on page 456Genealogical Library

Closes in July 'T'he library of the Genealogical So- *- ciety of Utah, 80 North Main

Street, Salt Lake City, will be closed to the public during the month of July.

Sunday School Names General Secretary Appointment of Wendell J. Ashton

* as general secretary of the Deseret

Sunday School Union was announced

June 3, by Superintendent George D.

Pyper. He succeeds A. Hamer Reiser,

recently appointed as manager of the

Deseret Book Store.

Elder Ashton has been a member of the Sunday school general board since 1937. Prior to that he filled a mission

to Great Britain. He is the son of

Bishop Marvin O. Ashton of the Presiding Bishopric.

Prepare For

Winter Now All Church members will be urged Under theTWENTYYEARdirection of thePHOTOMontpelierHISTORYFourthOFWardMONTPELIERbishopric, ReedFOURTHHart WARDrecentlyCOMPILEDcompiled a twentyyear '** history of the photo ward. this to year otherwise precan and

will in picture, As note this you history wall on leaves is mounted or huge swing wings that out from a fruitserve as as vegetables and cabinet. much display This history built is so that wings as added may be needed events to record keep upto-date and

next the years twentyfive or more. Elder can utilize,they G. Marion Romfor

Displaying leaves removed cabinet, from left to right: from Wilford W. Bartschi, second counselor; Bishop assistant assisttoney, and Eugene the Twelve P. Shepherd; Emil first Glauser, counselor; and Hart, Reed ward clerk.

dit&uaL

lOhat Shalt U)sl $ovsl? righteousness,ther the tangiblesand thatpeace."litter(Romansour thinking14:17)andNeiour

brings us face to face again with two sigliving, nor unjust power, nor any other transitory survive, neither thing can long and can find men Julynificant day on which we anniversaries—the satisrighteousness peace, happiness, nor nor nor our national heritage, and the reflect upon

day on which we look back upon our Pioneer herfaction in snatching such things from the burning itage. And this July demands a critical appraisal house, while they permit the real things of life to

of those things which make up our traditional ways go up in the flames. R. L. E.

of life—many of which are threatened, some of

which may not be worth saving, and some of which must be saved at any cost. it '9L 9a, gal&A,

It is interesting to observe what a man will try JhavL yjoiL JhinL!"to save when his house is on fire. When he hasn't

much time to think, and must act more or less on the current phrases is one of of our day is it impulse, that snatch what he will from it the Therethat carries of unforgettable with a refrain flames? tales Strange the have told about been these six words—"It is choices of men under such conditions, and many implication—just

have been known to save absurd and inconsequenlater than you think."It is later than most of us

tial things, leaving priceless possessions to destructhink. Perhaps it is later than any of us think.

tion. The unpredictable suddenness with which worldshaking events happen these days, makes us

Certainly it is no longer anybody's secret that shockingly aware that it is later than is comfortable we are living in a world that is on fire, and some as pertaining to anything that should now be done of the greatest possessions that men have—posor that should have been done before now. But

sessions they have cherished through the ages, and beyond all this and quite aside from the course of purchased at great cost—are going up in the flames. world events, it is later than most of us think even

If it were only the tangibles that were being dein our personal lives.

stroyed there wouldn't be so much to worry about, appalling as that is, but what is happening is worse It is a characteristic of youth to suppose that life than the destruction of tangibles, irreplaceable is long enough for the satisfying of all ambitions, though some of them may be. for the realization of all things hoped for—that

time, if not endless, at least is to be had in such

In fact, one of the most pathetic phases of the abundance that the pleasant experience of its unwhole situation is that some are trying to save tantroubled passing is a luxury we can well afford.

gibles at the expense of intangibles—trying to save Even when some of us pass beyond our youth, and

comforts at the expense of freedom; conveniences then again pass further beyond, and into the years

at the expense of liberty. There are some who cry when others of our age seem old, still the passing

out in protest against a restricted economy, who turn of time to many is something to be pleasantly their backs with indifference on questions concernignored.

ing the right to worship, the right to think, the

But right to speak, the right to rights are vote—which the passing regardlessdays—regardlessof our prodigalof ourattitudebeliefstowardcondaily slipping the from of more peoples more and

cerning things to come in the impenetrable beyond, earth.

regardless of what interpretation we give the fulThere are some who are trying to save their jobs fillment of prophecy, or the day of judgment, and at whatever cost to others, and at whatever comregardless of what limitations we place upon the promise of themselves. There are some who feel duration of time, it is later than you think—whether

the hurt of disappearing goods, who permit themwe are in our youth or in the years that look back selves to be lulled to sleep when the safeguards and remember—-whether the Reaper calls in springof society and the rights of free men are being time or whether He suffers us to pursue our way

removed. Then, too, there are some in the world on borrowed time, still life is all too short for what

who are trying to save their power and influence remains to be done, and still it is later than most from the flames, regardless of the plight of their of us think.

people or of humanity in general.

Said the Savior of the world: "Watch thereAnd so we say, when the house is on fire, and fore, for ye know neither the day nor the hour."

only a few things can be saved, and others in- (Matthew 25:13) "Thou fool, this night thy soul

evitably must be sacrificed, make sure that the shall be required of thee."(Luke 12:20) "Wherethings saved are the things that are worth saving fore, if ye believe me, ye will labor while it is called

the really costly, the irreplaceable things—such today."(Doctrine and Covenants 64:25) Again

things as were spoken of by Paul when he said: there comes the unforgettable refrain of time's "The kingdom of God is not meat and drink; but passing—"It is later than you think!"R. L. E.

as locations "west of the mountains,"that is, beyond the great plains. It would really appear that

within a large area, the Prophet had localized theEvidences and settlement, for he sent word to the brethren, when he fled from Nauvoo, to "be ready to start for thereconciliations Great Basin in the Rocky Mountains."

Brigham Young, also acting under inspiration, least, the plan laid out beforeML What JiywwkjdqsL (Did. Bul followed, in outline at

the martyrdom of Joseph Smith. That explains

perhaps why, on September 9, 1845, he and the other brethren were 'discussing the formation of a lOsLtdsWL fijo/itjo TlotHv timsvxka? "company of fifteen hundred men to be selected to

Qn the 6th of August, 1842, in Montrose, Iowa, go(Williamto GreatClaytonSalt Lakes Journal,Valley"p. 439)for investigation.

the Prophet Joseph Smith uttered the famous In 1842, the West was known in wide, general and wellauthenticated prophecy that the Latteroutlines. Trappers and furtraders who had operday Saints would settle and become a mighty peoated there for a quarter of a century had brought

ple "in the midst of the Rocky Mountains."{Hisback more or less accurate descriptions of the countory of the Church, Vol. 5, p. 85; also Morris, try. Captain Bonneville, in 183234, had traversed

Prophecies of Joseph Smith, pp. 124190.) much of the country, and made some reports. CapThis removal of the Church and her people to tain John C. Fremont had begun his official explorathe far West was not, in the mind of the Prophet, tions in 1842, and, in 1844, his first report had

a distant event. For, on February 20, 1844, he already been published by Congress. The report

instructed the Twelve Apostles of the Church to of the Fremont explorations of 184243-44 was send out an exploring expedition into the West published in 1 845. At that time the far West was

"to hunt out"suitable locations for settlement. Unon the lips of the people throughout the country.

der this instruction several meetings were held. Romance, adventure, and possible wealth seemed

Volunteers for the company were found and acto lurk there.

cepted; the necessary equipment considered, and a It folly people that to hold whose be would details trip of the discussed. were (History the of intelligence demonstrated well would so been had Church, Vol. 6, 222, 223, 224. pp. all available use, informathemselves, of not make

later, few months 22, on 1844, the Proph- A June in stupendous a and tion such engaging before et his that was warned enemies conspiring were first fact, of enterprise. the report In hazardous

kill to him. inspiration flee told By to he to was availof were a and Oregon Fremont C. map John the Rocky Mountains, there to begin the of work April, 1844. able to about Smith (Journal Joseph settlement. This to he do. proceeded cover Under

1 30, April History, 26 and 844of night he crossed the Mississippi, to place a of safety where the plans for the long journey could After the death of Joseph Smith, when the be made without hindrance. It is well known how Twelve led the Church, there are numerous entries

the Prophet, charged with cowardice and running showing that the brethren were eagerly seeking away from his people, returned to Nauvoo, and information concerning the West. For example,

that on June 27, 1 844, while under the promised prothe Nauvoo Temple minutes of Monday, December tection of the governor of the state, was murdered 29, 1845, read: "President Brigham Young read

by a lawless mob. for nearly an hour from a book entitled The NarIt is certain that Joseph Smith expected the early rative of the Exploring Expedition to the Rocky

fulfilment of his prophecy. Mountain and to Oregon and North California in

As the probable need for evacuating Nauvoo bethe years 1842, 1843 and 1844, by Brevet Captain came apparent, there was naturally much talk about J. C. Fremont. This volume carries a fairly good

of the West, including the Great Basin.the new place of settlement—Texas, then a vast map

undeveloped empire, was held in high favor by William Clayton in his famous journal repeatseveral Church leaders. California and Oregon, edly refers to such stories. For example, on Dethen general names for the vast western territory, cember 31, 1845, Brigham Young and Heber C.

had their advocates. Even Vancouver Island, Kimball "examined maps with reference to selectthough a British possession, was under discussion. ing a location for the Saints, west of the Rocky

Wild dreams of other locations, involving gigantic Mountains, and reading various works written by enterprises, floated about. travelers in those regions."(p. 558) On February

That the new settlement was to be "in the midst 25, 1846, Captain Lansford W. Hastings discussed

of the Rocky Mountains"must have been clear to emigrant routes with the brethren. On February

the Prophet. When he instructed the Twelve to 27, 1847, the minutes of a meeting quotes Brigham

seek out a location, he asked them to find a place Young as saying, "We have to search for land that where the people could "get up into the mouncan be irrigated."The Pioneers of 1847 went into

tains."He wanted an exploration of "all that the West with such knowledge, scanty enough,

mountain country."In the minutes of the meetings as was then available.

of that day, the project was spoken of as the "WestThat the Pioneers decided to locate in the Great ern Exploring Expedition,"or the "Exploring ExSalt Lake Valley from information furnished by pedition to the Rocky Mountains."(History of the Father De Smet, Jim Bridger, or Miles Goodyear

Church, Vol. 6, p. 224 is to give credit where it is not due. These men

California and Oregon were mentioned, but only no doubt tried to be (Concluded on page 479)

CONDUCTED BY MARBA C. JOSEPHSON

kindness, heroism and bravery, in story and picture, rather than their opposites.

Genuine praise is a stimulant even for adults; with children, if wisely administered, it is decidedly beneficial. As

a result of judicious comments on his desirable behavior and his successes, a child's selfrespect is built up; the opposite course tears it down. It is wise

always to spotlight the desirable rather thanchild—withthe undesirable.his faith in Foradultstheandsmallhis

tendency toward heroworship—praiseinfluences either is one of the strongest

a mother or teacher can use. But it

overdone. middleaged woman, One PRAISE IS A STIMULANT lookingmust, of course, be warranted and not her childhood, over back dethat her vivid most memories By LAURA GRAY clared

of praise from her mothwords were of lived as enshrined had someer. They as she stepped been into the pleasant, Nowett had Nowett

all beautiful inspiring, through and the of airy room, with pictures,called in M,.rs.to take charge flowers thing of one gay

primary rooms in the local public school and sunlight. the years.

for half a day, so that the regular teachShe began at once to work through By expecting goodness we have alquite a gone ready long way towarder, set attend the program might a meeting. out on Miss Nye, the desk. Having

it. getting children marriage, before told that "I've a teacher the she did I would been m

ask you to put on the board the names not find this difficult, and the afternoonof those boys and girls who——"began sped by.

Miss Nye, but just then they were in- "I hope they were good?"remarked

terrupted. Miss Nye to Mrs. Nowett, when she

"You were going to say,"reminded came in at the end of the day. Payment for Handy Hints used will be

Mrs. Nowett, after the intruder had de- "Good as gold! Don't know when one dollar upon publication. In the event

submitted, the are with that idea two same told "that childrenparted, the you had will earlier receive the the postmarked one the to put ask on wouldyou me board And—well—II've had such wrotea pleasantall their afternoon!names on dollar. ideas the returned, of be can None

the names of those who prove troublethe board, as you see!"added Mrs. but each will receive careful consideration.

some."Nowett.

laughed. women "No, no, the names of those who are Both

especially method "Your good!"worked to perfection. Don'tused discardby makingold thepurses;leathertheyintocankneebe

"Yes, of course,"Mrs. Nowett anAll the children were determined to get reinforcements for boys'trousers, also for

swered thoughtfully, "it used to be the their names on the board. Not one of the back covering of books.—Mrs. M. A.,

stupid, noisy, indolent students who them seemed interested in thinking up Quebec City, Quebec, Canada.

mischief."in the corstand towere noticed—made buckles, buttons, other ornaand When their dealing with This the boys cap and dunce'sner, and had way of wear dull, of ments or plastic made wood

girls this is being used more. But more and on the newnames way nail natural renew them with polish.—Mrs.become popular getone-time that I'm in which That bookseems much Utah. Beaver, H. R. P., better—nowboard.

ting used to the idea."Tommy played with matches and ended

'I think you'll find it works,"laughed by burning himself up, and proud Jane fun!. for TLTere's about How How so hopelessly pulling she her teacher, neck hadthe on a pretty stretched young

the * * searching nearest out I. A. M. is on, curls. cart to carry her head dark to have a hat overwhite

six outof-date. quite twentyfive boys and girls, About Now boys and girls girls'at a savinghome andof gas,havetires,a gloriousand money!time of goodness, are sevenyear-olds, greeted motivated Mrs. by thoughtsand

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1942

A penny postcard may save you up

By Josephine B. Nichols to $10 on food this month

RECIPES

Beef and Liver Patties on Buns beef ground pound% pork liver ground pound% salt 1 teaspoon dash pepper ISofdcS tablespoons 2 chili sauce is tablespoons flour 6 fat for frying Combine beef, liver, seasonings, and flour; mix thoroughly. On wax paper pat

out to about onehalf inch thick. Cut into

patties with a four inch cutter or with a frying pan until brown, turning once. Serve C**|N D CONTENT

bun, over hamburger onehalf warmon the—iiiiiiir BORDEN CO. chicken oz.) can of thickened pour (15top

gumbo soup. Write for FREE folder... BORDEN'S PENNY BANQUETS

Green and Gold Vitamin Salad needs! every woman FOLDER is creamy smooth, the Borden's

1 pineapple package gelatin THE recwith and flavor menus lends that milk evaporated Jampacked and 1 boiling water cup dish. to Westernmade, housewives any goodness saved that ipes many have

1 water cup ice it today! with Vitamin added. Try food. on D a month $10 up to 1 carrots grated cup

1 cup cubed calavo And what recipes! Savory main dishDissolve gelatin in one cup boiling water, es, rich soups and sauces, luscious desSend your penny postcard to:

add one cup ice water, fold in carrots and serts... all made the thrifty way with Borden's, 50 N. Main St., Salt Lake

calavo, place in individual salad molds, chill, Borden's Evaporated Milk! City. TODAY!

unmold on crisp lettuce leaves, and garnish of and stripswith mayonnaise MILK EVAPORATED calavo BORDEN'S Salad Bowl Calavo Shrimp IRRADIATED WITH VITAMIN D 1 head lettuce J/2 pound cottage cheese 1 calavo 8 large shrimps tomato ketchup lemon juice and salt Arrange lettuce leaves around inside salad \\ '// bowl, shred remaining lettuce, place in bowl, cheese. placein of cottage center mound rings, MILK WHITE"EGGS into onefourth Slice inch calavo

sprinkle with lemon juice and salt. Arrange

fill cheese, centersaround cottage with JaAJtsJwipio/iA, f&i, then placeketchup, shrimps top. Serve on

dressing.with Russian

Fresh Strawberry Ice Cream Xou%jqinq SummoA. dpfudiinA

(for automatic refrigerator) You need your full quota of vitamins, proteins, and minerals in 3 cup {lYi oz. can) sweetened condensed summer as well as winter... yet you don't feel like eating a heavy milk

)/2 cup water meal. Then why not have eggs, prepared in any one of a thousand

crushed strawberries 1 cup sugar delicious ways? An egg is almost a complete meal in itself. cup powdered14

1 cup whipping cream As a guarantee of top quality, be sure to ask for...

Mix sweetened condensed milk and water, add strawberries, sweetened with sugar, chill, whip cream to custardlike consistency, fold into chilled mixture. Freeze in freezing

unit of refrigerator until half frozen, scrapefrom freezing tray and beat until smooth, "MILKWHITE"replace in freezing unit until frozen (serves6). EGGS AND POULTRY

Strawberry Victory Cake x/2 cup vegetable shortening Yl teaspoon salt

1 cup WHATthem inspirationalARE messages,YOURto SOLDIERkeep their linesBOYSof communicationREADING?with the Church teaspoonsugar—2vanillatablespoons Send

2 eggs intact.

Follow the example set by South Davis and Phoenix stakes who send 100% of their boys in sifted 2 cups cake flour 2 teaspoons baking powder uniform THE IMPROVEMENT ERA% cup milk $2.00 (Concluded on page 452) 12 issues

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY,. 1942

*<Rs$iupuL yyfoih&iA.

By Adrienne Bach

the refugees from BelWhengium and the northern provinces of France began pouring into Bordeaux, the

Red Cross hastily constructed a firstaid large in the of the post heart wHotiwhouBUStfiTsmy*- station, to CEREALre SAL railroad the tracks as near wheat FLAKED of possible. as the walls Between

board and canvas cloth, it formed a narrow corridor. I do not know

yet how we managed to find room in that nook for our tottering cabinet and hold against our hearts each a table with medical supplies, of our bruised and suffering creature.

electric small instruments, and a a with washing wound, Occupied loz.1 Ut * walls plate. Against the cooking SERVINGContains

felt pulling at someone I suddenly B operating stretcher UNI"an a and were 100 I eyes, Raising apron. saw my my tools table, there small here and and G l0 thin small, her a before woman, me about. strewn were

"every face the scorched by brown, ravaged success to start the cZ Suffocating heat poured from a ovenleft GCt traces clean tears sun. had The Each Ruskets! stahigh of the glass panes window feat of in gram dustsoiled countenance. the Two whole a late uffrom worW/W/ ceiling, the aflame with tion flak easy fixed for upon eyes burning were my hours cP *2 of ether sun. of and odor SlobaKea An May venwheat. hair black of strands rough face,

pharmacy, at once acrid and sweet, escaped from the stained bandage ditin;?FotSealPacks mingled with the smell of the pitiaround the woman's head. Her

ful procession of humanity that knotted peasant's hands constantly night, through passed, day and herabout regrouped our grouped and

Endlessly they came FREE self children. small her three.. OjJlns.de unfortunates, hunted and Bird Pictures relief—thosestation. chair gently her in a and I seated

pursued, by bombs, by fire, by inbegan to lead her children away, to vasion. sound, not Yet no a whimrespite. she short But her give a

lips, those per, not escaped groan a grasped quickly out and reached all suffering, against firmly closed so gesture covetous a with to her them 7/fe of mind. the of or the body whether leave them saying: here- "No COPYRIGHT FRESHSTARTBREAKFAST1941. LOMA LINDA FOOD CO.

still I faces! griefstricken Poor close."

before wasted them my eyes, to unwrap I commenced Slowly sight. haggard, and a lamentable eyes her her head, and with bandaged Spend YOUR see

refugees these did alone Not "It said: lifted the me, mother to Vacation this year

their for sons beloved and mourn splinter is of nothing nothing, but a AT THE brothers husbands blood and whose little I ones. fled shell. with my

MIA. Girls'Home hadalso soakedfor thethepastsoil gloryof France,and pastbut WeEverythingran and aroundran.. us.."wasHerin flames.words

their of country. grandeur It was gleam voice broke—a in ceased—her BRIGHTON heart. like in the painful a sword face. across her insanity flashed of

Activities Prices are are wholesome.

I I stumbling remembered. automatons,... "Suddenly $1.50 $9.00 reasonable. per per week, We were

3 $4.00 day, service days. Daily bus fatigue, heat, with with with had and my baby—iour

trip. All $1.50 reservations round a bedfingers as well. at hunger numb, Our his cradle—inlittle forgottenold—in office. Efficient city atpersonnel and

eyelids of up."lack our from heavy tendants. room—highmonths

G3 E. So. Temple Tel. 5-6414 sleep, we fulfilled our duty, our Sick with horror, I looked at her.

hearts torn with a pity which the But her monotonous voice continethics of our profession forbade us ued, "I could not go back—and so I to reveal. We dressed wounds, we went on—I had to go on to save

dried tears, we quieted sobs, checkthese three."

silent. I was What did words avail

grief? such # If you desire to know haveing ourbiddenownusemotionsopen widethatourwouldarms before

how religion can be applied in a modern world, oven (375 F.) twentyfive minutes. Turn Cooks'Corner cool. ready out rack and cake on When then read:

fill crushed sweetened center with to serve {Concluded from page 451 strawberries, pour whipped cream over top.

sugar cup powdered Rusket Muffins Gospel Standards %31 cups crushed strawberries Garnish with whole strawberries. strawberries cup whole

pint whipping cream By PRESIDENT HEBER J. GRANT 1

shortening, Combine salt, and vanilla; \ l/21 cupscup finelybiscuitcrumbledflour Ruskets

until gradually sugar light 2 add tablespoons sugar cream and ERA An IMPROVEMENT flurry; beating at add beaten and 1 egg, a time, eggs, one

Sift > Publication after addition. flour melted fat 2 each tablespoons baking and

50 North Main St. flourpowderto creamedtogether. mixture,Add smallalternatelyamountwithof %Combinecup milkdry ingredients with milk, egg,

fat. after beating each addition until and Mix thoroughly, 400 Pages $2.25 milk,

into wellgreased smooth. ninetwo-thirds full. Bakefill inoiledhot muffinoven cups Pour batter

inch ring mold. Bake in moderately hot (425 F.) 25 minutes. Serve hot.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1942

So Proud (Continued from page 439) thought penetrated her mind. It

wasn't the cigaret or the bottle he was offering—they were only symbols. She wasn't proud of him any

more!

The exhilaration of her life hadbeen her pride in her heritage and THE GDSPEL NET m their friendsher enjoyment and living of that of A NEW BOOK BYa sphere was natural and easy and happy. This was all

so strange and unfamiliar. She felt DR. JOHN A. WIDTSOE

"let down."He didn't measure up! of the Council of the Twelve

By the time they had stood at the foot of her steps, they were both This moving story of a woman who sought truth, and angry. "It was such a little thing!"having found it, maintained her integrity amidst much adhe had flamed. "You let me down!"versity, was first privately printed by Dr. Widtsoe without

"Yes, it was such a little thing,"thought of its going beyond his immediate circle of family and

Ann retorted, "that I'm ashamed and friends. Its gripping appeal made those who read it insist that

hurt and disappointed that you it be republished for general circulation, and the executives thought it was this important!"With of the M. I. A. and The Improvement Era staff asked Dr. Widtsoe

that she had turned and left him, that they be permitted to publish a de luxe edition.

and had cried that night.

JDut Ann, you and Neil Permission being granted, we now offer then. sowere young It was easy IN THE GOSPEL NET believed the things toto hold you

in when you were nineteen, the world for inspiring reading, at a modest cost before you, and the friendly hearth you had known since childhood to back you up. An IMPROVEMENT ERA publication $1.25 a copy

She thought longingly of what might have been if her Neil had been strong and uncompromising, or was it she who had been stupid and prejudiced and narrow? There had been

other fellows, but they were not quite the same. And then she had

left, and there had been her work until suddenly she had paused and found herself thirtytwo with a fear clutching and dragging at her. Was

she "missing the boat"? She must

not. Ann was late—"It was just as

well,"she thought; "the cocktails

might be over, although she might as well start now to get used to this new life of hers."From the outer

hall she heard the clink of glasses and as she entered the drawing room she paused as if her entrance through that door were going to close her whole past upon her and open up a new future here in this lovely home that was be hers. The group would Say"GL0BEA1

the fireplace, near and thengathered save the dif erencN and

En questioning at "Al"—Globe her sideHarold was

Biscu Flour; riched

his eyes. her with gave him Ann Flc Flour; Cake

a hasty casual glance. She could WaffleButtermilkFlour;Pancak<Maca

not tell him what she had decided roni and Noo'<="= not yet. To fill that one awkward

moment Harold impulsively offered the tray that had already been passed. There were but two glasses

left. The conversation had ceased

eyes everyone's uponand Ann felt for the GLOBE OLiii for her to reach her waiting ( Concluded on page 454 FLOUR THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1942

So Proud glass she had resolved to take—Heres the Pectin (Concluded from page 453)

Harold would want everything to not smoothly. know run She did

to drink they had merely paused tha+ COS >\sB to look at this lovely girl, glowingand

I with the night air out of which she had just come, and they mistook the thoughtful, troubled eyes for a languor which added depth to her beauty. Ann hesitated and then the instincts of a life well lived and welltaught made the decision for her.

She quickly turned from Harold, there suddenly tray the averted and jelly the oldfashioned jam and Making way lines of familiar the her is before were extravagant, because "boil away"so you much fruit or juice that you get fewer glasses. The the face of an old friend—a friend M. C. P. PECTIN method, however, produces with laughter in his eyes—bronzed

enough extra glasses to pay the cost of your and clean cut and just at this mosugar. Furthermore, it assures perfect results, ment smiling triumphantly across

saves time and work, and preserves natural the miles of space between them.

fruit and berry flavor in jams and jellies. He stood with one hand in his

pocket and the other fingering the

glass there. on the glass His was MA.V.Powdeted PEC British crown on his lapel. No rethere they hers, tray and with

mained. Someone said something;

someone else laughed; glasses tinkled; there were introductions. Ann

did not know how she got through that dinner. Even Harold had never seen her so exquisitely radiant.

And then she was out in the cool

April night and there was Neil near her after such a long time! Her

Neil! Her young, wonderful Dis-

T JE H D AN S Of AM Neil! handsome, Gay, trict Attorney P. S P M. C. TO X W I UT CS ANHIN6D oh, so proud! O WL L DY E RM EDA K ERSPE C ARET I N valiant now, Neil! And

Stalking in the njjoij-* mxfuL picnics thxA, AtunmoA.... and Jungles of Africa

more delicious sandwiches were made(Continuedfor thefromhuntingpage of437)the okapi. We learned that the natives in the

The natural flavor and longlasting freshness of Royal Entown of Buta north of Stanleyville captivity, so in and four males riched Bread will help to make your picnic lunches a huge had study there and to go up we decided success. More nourishing, too, because this finer bread them and take some movies and

contains important vitamins and iron that everyone needs! make some paintings to help in the

sculpturing back home, for we knew that the glimpses we would get in the forest would afford precious little time even to shoot let alone study l> this wary animal. FINE While our scouts sleuthed the

MeaD forest trails, we took a truck and several natives and went on the road toward Buta. That night

ROYAL BAKING COMPANY just as the sun was setting in... Fresh

Salt Lake and Ogden Every Day red splendor in the west we drove 100% Homeowned—100% American at Your Grocer's into a native village to camp. On

top of a hill silhouetted against the glowing sky was a mud hut and THIRD EDITION OF from it came the rhythm of a drum,

READY Get Your steady and insistent, and then the chant in native of a voice deep man GOSPELBy HEBERSTANDARDSJ. GRANT Copy NowNOW! just like a a followed chorus by

A WHOLESOME HOT DRINK STALKING IN THE JUNGLES OF AFRICA southern spiritual. It was beautiluck. Because we could not dry

ful. Suddenly all was quiet. Then our things in the damp forest, we

the deep intonations of a speaking broke camp immediately, (our pervoice, low as in supplication, and mit called for two okapi) and went then quiet again. Slowly the door up to the AngloEgyptian Sudan

opened, and a black native stepped where the skins would dry out. On

out and walked over to the big our way back to Nairobi, we gaththere. papyrus grass for the ered some that stood drumwooden iff in Nile River group. high his hands WITHOUT STIMULATINGHe raised

the air and let them fall on the Everything was boxed and A distinctive, mellow flavor to the filled will boat family enjoy shipped and tone by rail a mellow head and MuWdrum skillful the—fromwholea blend of Imperial the took and one seum, one we Slowly bythe clearing. figs roasted beans, soy and

grains, slightly little flew sweetened plane to Europe. Airways of the out camethe natives We

caffeine with honey. No hill Victoria and then the first to Lake down walked down hut andmud good, for you and too.. Good

Send postcard afternoon Nile, landing for names of every the night we played us. Thattowards

dealers. a hotel. the night in Along local to spend them. for Theyour phonograph

didn't like the classics but did enthe headwaters of the Nile, we joy jazz. could see the hippos bathing, and

as we crossed open country great

HThe next day we arrived at Buta. herds of elephants and other game

There were the carpentershop would run away far below as we and machineshop, the farm and passed over like a giant bird. Then

orchard, and in all it seemed like a the jungles gave way to desert unit. selfsupporting Here formations rock desolatecomplete sands and WHY iS

in for the first time life except our sign of a not rode our withwe lives an African elephant, for they shadow floating along. Egypt was fRISKttS RIGHT

expected, than used as dray animals on the even morewere we had still living FOR YOUR VOG?farm. Luxor Khartoom and

When we entered the bricktheir primitive life, a cow and Because together, pulling a plow camel the bamboocorral withwalled an- H-V pulling precious cient water pumps corner, is Friskies in one enclosure webarred soil. fertile irrigate to the up water if a trick played time hadwondered complete a gait strange his with of us, for here in the long shadowson To walk food doq like us of ruins towards the great camea creature evening through

something out of a prehistoric age. the Hall of Columns at Karnak

The first thing we noticed was the and to run one's hand over the timeweird head with a grayish white smoothed feet of the statue of sides, black nose, and brown foreRameses II gave history a new head and the huge brown ears. significance.

to fasten didn't on headThe to the flew pyramids over We balanced need a dog Q.Does my like that at angle anthe neck its all oriental beauty with Cairo

diet? to seemed but animalsof most then lopeared sheep on and and

like complete food a balanced, A. but thin Yes—the of continuation abe to to to say goodbye Alexandria it is contains Friskies because best as high held that wasn't neckdeep crossed Africa. to to and As sonecessary Egypt ingredients we essential

the giraffe holds his, instead out the beautiful blue Mediterranean in strong teeth and bones, greater in front in line with the sloping a seaplane, we saw, far below, a energy, a healthier coat.

back, for the shoulders were much little ship plowing the rippling sur- Q. Why is Friskies a complete

higher than the rump. Although they face. We landed in Crete for a food?

were tall, they were very narrow short while and then flew on to A. Because Friskies contains 19 food

and lifted their feet extra high as Athens where the proud Acropoessentials, including meat meal, scraps, liver with meat adaptation meal andthey for lis of defiant in splendor, reared walked—an

cereals, dried specially prepared pass tolife able to in jungle be the valley time. mountains and The vitaminerals milk, and skimmed trails over andthrough narrow gulf the of Corinth beaupast amounts. in adequate were mins—all thing strangestfallen logs. The little tiful their white with below

the Is Friskies budget? easy Q. on his tongue. Theabout was him roofs, their houses red swayand

is because thrifty feed Friskies to A. his eyes continuouslyokapi washed sheep. ing of poplars herds and it's only solid 10% 90% food—nose her as ears washesand a cow Italy in the heel of train a took to waste There's moisture. no Wewith her tongue. We spent an inup across Switzerland to Paris and Friskies'clean, convenient, easy to

teresting five days there getting then home, just one year after we digest compressed cubes.

much set out. valuable material to work had STAKTrUPIMC FKISKIES TOPAY!from. our rich treasure, with actuWith

We returned by way of Stanal parts of Africa that we had FREE BOOK!

leyville and the Congo River to brought back to America, with the 32 pages of vital information about seeing, Epulu, actually the inspiration of and on PutnumCamp the feeding and the smelling very that breathing, onlythere found the day and we care dog. of your

before Major Dickinson had had the depths of the jungle. It is no wonWrite: Friskies,

good fortune to kill a female okapi. der that the people standing before 1069 Stuart Bldg.,

Seattle, Wash.We were all delighted, and the the groups in the marble hall could

natives had a great celebration. easily think that they, too, are right

Two days later he had the same there in Africa.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1942

THE CHURCH MOVES ON {Continued from page 447) gene D. Stowell succeeds James M. Holfrom the Saints of the Argentine Misland. First sion received Presithe by was for Detton, excommunicated Joseph P. Stake, Caliente Joseph Uvada Ward, in early June. dency

Clifford Bettridge the 26, April succeeds 1942, in H. Huntington.immorality Nampa is colorful of the design the top At Stake, First Evanston Woodruff Ward, Stake. Born Decem2nd Ward, Nampa seal clasped the the Argentina, with of Brough. succeeds Harold Ralph S. Ashton (seventy).ber 26, 1884 friendship. bedenoting hands Crossed

Holland, Frederick excomArthur flags are of the neath South the hands Churchmen Renamed 22, for apostasymunicated March republic. In to a addition American Board Research 1942, To Aprilin the Mission. Born Canadian national the of chorus verse and hymn

(priest).30, 1898 R. Richard Lyman of the Council TR. also cloth contains the of Argentina,

Annie Evelyn Gorton Holland, ex- *S of the Twelve and Dr. Franklin some typical scenes of that country and

communicated for apostasy March 22, S. Harris president of Brigham Young is decorated in native flower designs.

1942, in the Canadian Mission. Born University were recently reelected The cloth will be permanently displayed

May 3, 1901. members of the advisory council of the at the Bureau of Information on Temple Square.Ward, Branch Changes AmericanFoundation.BusinessThe foundationMen's Researchis directHPhe Lorin Farr Ward of the Ogden ing its efforts toward the liquor problem Stephen L Richards is

* Stake was organized April 26, by a as it concerns national defense and war- C. B. S. Church of the Air

division of the Ogden Seventh Ward. time morale. Advisor

Jasper Dickson is the new bishop.

annual report of the Columbia HPhe Priesthood Aaronic of the RigFourth Rigby Ward The for A Broadcasting 1941 lists System a Restoration organized Noted 10, by Stake wasby May the Elder Richards of Stephen Coun- L Cecil First the ofdivision Rigby Ward. thirteenth anniverhundred one '"Phe cil the of the as of a Twelve member is bishop. the CallA. new A the of of restoration the sary for advisory consultant committee and of the Rigby Third Rigby The Ward appropriately Priesthood Aaronic was the of the proAir""Church weekly 10, divi- a organized byStake was May in the throughout wards observed May is listed gram. along Elder Richards Cyrilsion the Second of Rigby Ward. the missions OutstandChurch. of and of leaders the ten other with denominais bishop. Call, the new J. the ing celebrations these was among tions as the advisors program, on which the of Compton The Ward Jr.,West of the held 16 the banks on one May its is of twelfth in year broadcastnow organized Stake Beach wasLong May forRiver, near Susquehanna Oakland ing. division of the 10, Ward. Compton a by Pennsylvania, where( merly Harmony)

is bishop. the Halls B. newGlen the Baptist 15, appeared John May Sister President, Grant the of Branch Dependent Castleford the Smith to Prophet and 1829, Joseph Anniversary indeMark an Stake Falls made wasTwin officiated at the Oliver and Cowdery the 26. April same At branchpendent restoration the Priesthood. Sister of Aaronic Grant and Heber President Lee succeeded Peterson L.time Joseph services during Inclement the weather their fiftyeighth observed weddingJ. president. as branchLarson of misthe forced group and members anniversary 26, congratuon amid May Falls Stake of the Filer Twin Branch

sionaries led President A. Gustave lations by family. friends are of Both and April branch independent an madewas States Mission of Iverson Eastern the their in eightysixth year. were They Carsucceeded L.26. Hansen Heber J. director of Giles, the Buand D. in John the old married House Endowment president. as branch Allensen

Hill at the of Information reau Cumorah 1884. 26, May of Branch Dependent Shoshone The Hall. in to nearby refuge take Grange a transferred been has Blainethe Stake

Stake Washington Holds inBranch Independent Dietrichto the Distribution Bible "Missionary"Conference on being dependent of the Goodstead Seen Gain of the Blaine Stake. ing Ward the Stake of Washington HPhe

nation's located in the * Church, Presiding Bishops, **7V distributionof scripture duringof 8,096,9771941, whichvolumesexElders Appointed ceeded that of any year since 1931, was capital, held an unusual quarterly conIt 2324, ference 1942. on March was Society Bible the reported American by F. Carlyle Stake, Beaver Ward,Milford the to dedicated missionary of work its twentysixth annual at hundred one succeeds Weight. Bert H. Groning the reChurch. three hundred The City meeting held on York May Stake, Clarin New First Paris Bear Lake Ward, in missionaries that turned residing now scripthe 14. call for Austin. increased succeeds This Horace ence N. Rich

stake, their seated to were according Stake, Bonneville Yalecrest feels, Ward, is the to tures, the due Society

Charles H. Monson succeeds J. Leonard present war conditions. ofmissionsthe conference.in both theAll generalbut one sessionsmission Love.

Escalante South Ward, Garfield Stake, Restoration of of the Church was represented by reLorenzo missionaries. local Twentyfive C. Shurtz succeeds Harvey C. Old Mill Planned turned Bailey. speakers representing the various

Stake, Martin Liberty Eighth Ward, Piothe of Daughters Utah L. T17ith talks. groups threeminute gave Fetzer. succeeds Ethington John to furnish agreeing the spon- * "neers Washington Stake Con- A booklet, Stake, Branch, Malad Daniels Dependent materials Salt to share sors Lake of distributed at meetings. ference, the was Bishop succeeds President Burrows Thomas

Roudolph Ruegsegger. City, the city commission in April apIt listed the missionaries from the

Montpelier Second Ward, Montpelier proved an agreement providing for the stake now in the field; the former and

Stake, Alvin C. Tueller succeeds Byron E. restoration of the old mill in Liberty present mission presidents; a list of reMumford. Park. missionaries turned according grouped

Stake, Stanley Richville Morgan Ward, official act city as to agreed The to hisservice; missions of dates and and Rich. B. Arthur Rose succeeds materials the project, the of but sponsor torical of sketches missions the on the Falls Stake, Idaho Shelton North Ward,

the P. are furnished D. U. to be by at F. represented the which succeeds were William Church Sperry William J.

Burtenshaw.

Colonial Heights Ward, Portland Stake, Argentine Saints conference.There was a fine revival of the misCloth StratSend Richard succeeds C. N. Adams John spirit is in It sionary the conference.

ford. attractively cloth triangular to the planned returned keep misnow A large Stake, Aldon Rigby First Ward, Rigby *""* intact sionary needlecraft groups the appointwith and decorated by succeeds Jensen. Poulson Oluf

Rigby Second Ward, Rigby Stake, Eucontaining a message of friendship ment of a chairman of each group.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1942

THE CHURCH MOVES ON Clean Life Scrolls Farewell Given Moving Families Leonard Hardy Winmill, Blackfoot, Idaho;

Given President Grant A farewell program and social for RossHelenPartingtonElizabethFindlay,Gleason,Smoot,Salt LakeWyoming;City;

HPhe climax of a special project by the "the more than thirty families who Harold James Glenn, Salt Lake City; Lucius

F. Idaho; Hendricks, Elzo Thornton, D. in their the Vinefarms sold homes and Gleaners the of and Church MenA M St. Charles, Idaho; Bunderson, WheelReid to a area, yard, Utah, County, Utah in late reached the preswas May with er Idaho; Hailey, Devere Kenneth Young, project, steel held national defense wasentation of four of volumes bound Shelley, Smith, Idaho; Waddoups, Earl Fred

scrolls containing signatures of thouMarch 19, in the Vineyard Ward, Moore, Idaho; Lewis Franklin Wells, Provo,

sands of the young men and women of Sharon Stake, chapel. The chapel Utah; Donald P. Woodbury, Hurricane,

steel the also bought property Utah; by Fry, Bremerton, was Washington; Ruththe to President Church Heber Grant J.

Huntsville, Charles Odell Dale Utah; all Grow, interests, vacated property and was these call their people youngwhom

Gerber, Idaho; Hubbard, Holbrook, J. Ruth is 4. being April chapel by now The Bearer.""Standard Salt City; Irene Florence Lake Cummings, for building administration as the used in told volumes the story part The Salt City. Lake the Steel works. Geneva year'sof the a program young among Canadian: Josephine Lenz, Glenwood,

inpeople for a clean which a campaign Those Who Have Passed Away Alberta,Utah; ArthurCanada;VernonIrel M.Smith,Eppich,Richmond,Trenton, stressed. four hadlife was The year

main events: the big youth rally at the Edward C. Rich, seventyone, Church and Utah.

there Poulsen, died Blair Idaho, Carl States: at Montpelier, Central leader at 1941, whichJune Conference,

as 11. served Fonnesbeck, Montpelier, he Stanford 1914 to 1917 Idaho; From the civicMay specialcampaign a youth was launched; First Frederic of the Utah; Montpelier In Howell, C. Jacobsen, bishop Ward.program on the evening of a stake quar1917 he became the first president of the Arizona; Richard G. Carlisle, Los Angeles,Safford,

terly conference in the various stakes, Montpelier Stake, a position he held until Calif.; Louis Ereal Day, American Fork,

in which the young people again voiced 1938. He had served two missions in EngUtah; Alma MacLittle, Murray, Utah; Pearl

their loyalty to their Church and leadland in 1896 to 1898, and 1909 to 1911. In Ellen Rider, Blackfoot, Idaho.

ers; the signing of these scrolls which civic life he had served in both houses of East Central States: Jack Charles Dewlegislature. Calif., Cerrito, the snup, of El Idaho William Preston to President Grant. be presentedwould

ninetysix, Sanford, Adair, Arizona; Eager, Bleak, Frank G. Mrs. Thompson Jane place tookThis on Tuesday, December Springville, worker ordinance Utah; RexGrover, R. an of 1861, and Dean pioneer

9, 1941. the of event camThe final than burg, Idaho; Lee, for more Arthur Mesa, St. in Temple the George Edmond

paign was a special program in each sixty years, died May 20, at St. George, Arizona.

ward Sunday evening, June 7, 1942. Utah. Eastern States: Allan Ruesch, Springdale,

Joseph Harmon Smith, fiftyseven, assistUtah; Cora Bernice Judd, Blackfoot, Idaho;

School Board Rents ant recorder at the Salt Lake Temple for Maxine Wakefield, Taylor, Arizona; Alfred

Call Pocatello, Cordon, Jr., Idaho; Betty years, 23, at Salt Lake City. died MayWard Chapels thirty Fonnesbeck, from Jean Logan, in the Netherlands Utah. a mission He filled

rTto relieve the overcrowded conditions 1907 to 1910, and was a member of the Hawaiian: Albert Colclough, Phoenix,

in the elementary schools in the Wasatch Ward bishopric. Two of his five Arizona.

of Albert brothers Smith Jr., are Elder E. Tibbitts, George Benjamin Japanese: sectionsoutheastern of City, Salt Lake NichoElder the of the and Twelve, Salt Lake Council Idaho; Moore, Ralph W. Jensen, the has rented Parthe school board las assistant the to Twelve. City. G. Smith,

ley's, the Sugar House, and the EdgeWillard Brigham Richards, ninetyfive, New England States: Elinor Clark, Oghill wards, Highland Stake, for use durson of Willard Richards, early Church den, Utah; Zoe Marion Farr, Ogden, Utah;

ing the 194243 school year. The buildleader, died May 31. He was born at Elijah Ferrin Larkin, Ogden, Utah; Conway

ings will be used for kindergarten, first, Winter Quarters in 1847 and came to Utah B. Sonne, Logan, Utah; William Junius

and second grade pupils. the following year. His own career and West, Pleasant Grove, Utah.

the growth of the West had been intimately North Central States: LaVaun Hardy,

across connected. he twenty walked At Giles, Bountiful, Hanna, Utah; Kent Joseph Choir Leader to the plains missionaries twentysix with Hill, Arizona; Prescott, Clovis Utah; Lee Contest Judges fill in mission mission a Europe. That was Kloepfer, Grover Logan, Utah; Eldon J.

filled in Switzerland. England and Colorado. Manassa, Weston, director Dwayne Spencer Cornwall,"Rlder J.

sixtyfour, ordinance Makuakane, Eva States: San Kathleen *—* Northern N. Bird, the of Choir, Tabernacle Salt Lake of the 1925, worker since Hawaiian Temple Isaksen. California; Diego, Leo Henry adjudicator at the Eisteddfod anwas early in died April 29, In her Honolulu. California; Bryner View, Mountain Bowden

musical contests held May 9, at Wargirlhood she began working for the HaKenworthy, St. George, Utah; Charles B.

ren, Ohio. He judged numerous solos waiian mission president, and in the words Schofield, Farmington, New Mexico; Mary

and duets and eight choruses competing of Albert H. Belliston, president of the HaLouise Gatzemeier, Salt Lake City; Clara

for honors in the Joseph Parry memorial waiian Temple, "It is very likely that no M. Hollingshaus, Salt Lake City; Maurice

other closely person associated has been Sterling Idaho; Toler, D. Robin, Nord- A. contests.

the its interests with in Hawaii and Church Salt fors, Oliphant, Annabella, Utah; Ida Salt in the held Eisteddfod was An over a long period of time."such Idaho; Dilworth, City; Carey, Lake Don E. Parry, with Tabernacle in 1898Lake Lefler, CalBurlingame, Linton Thomas

the Welch composer, as adjudicator. Missionaries Released in April ifornia; Daniel Evan Revill, Inglewood, Caland May, 1942, and Others ifornia; Don James Chadwick, Preston,

Salt Lake Wards Not Previously Reported Idaho.

Linden California: Rufus Northern Film DefenseSee Brazilian: Call, City, E. Brigham Wayne Jones, Utah; Hatch, Koosharem, LeRoy John Utah; Christensen, Rexburg, Ross Taylor ofFlRE ""ClGHTING an BOMB,"Utah; THE Keaton, City; Logan, Salt Oreta Lake

Idaho; Salt Lake Edmunds, David Garth L. LeGrande, Oregon; Nebeker, Mack Vern ficial civilian office film of the from \ City; Richfield, Utah; Charles Ralph Gunn, Annabella, Ralph Utah; John Gleave, Lloyd in Salt defense, various Lake shown was City; Salt Victor Joseph Stevenson, Lake Afton, Olson, Utah; Fern Kuhni, Provo, W. of throughout the months City wards Salt Faust, Esdras City; FrankJames Lake Paul, Utah; Lois Wilmer Ogden, Wyoming;

lin April. Salt City; and Jr., LaneMarch Lake McKean, John Lovell, Tippetts, Wyoming. Jay

P. Alden Mrs. and Bowers Amelia Bow- W. Roberts States: Lawrence Northwestern ers (Mission wife), President and Ogden, SplitHistoric Rock Removed Florida; Eugene Jacksonville, Rast, Wilmer Utah.

Reeder, City, Utah; Plain Glen M. Maw, California: P. Salt the at foot Toll of Rock, Lawrence, Lake Don Rock, Cplit Salt Jr., Spencer, Arthur Corinne, Utah; M. City; Albert Merrell, Idaho; Blackfoot, Ivan a River, near Green Wyoming, Salt Lake Newquist, Elaine City; Ruth Lake Christensen, Utah; Fillmore, Orson Leo for nearly trek the landmark west on Salt Everett, Lake City; Albert Goddard Marion Utah; Sherman Valley, Cook, Cedar Angeles, century, 20, City; destroyed a Glenn Los Haws, March was Norman Salt H. Curtis, Parley City; Norman Lake

California. imblast in highway a a powder by Dutson, Leuven Utah; Logan, Van Gustav

provement project on U. S. 30, the LinAdolph Koplin, Salt Lake City; Richard Southern States: Martha May Lawrence,

coln highway. Ammon Robinson, Los Angeles, Calif.; ( Concluded on page 469

iDlelchizedeirPriesthood CONDUCTED BY THE MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD COMMITTEE OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH,

CHAIRMAN; JOHN A, WIDTSOE, JOSEPH F. MERRILL, CHARLES A. CALLIS, SYLVESTER Q. CANNON, AND HAROLD B. LEE

The Question of wracking. They are handicaps to Can a Man Quit Tobacco?

dispels achievement. "handbook"The Percentages Elder asked G. 7e Marion Romney VS all simply presenting of these and by "* I. writing Nichols, get in to from officers J. clearly duties to the what their letters to received at head- A ccording

trip story the told he us Jr., a when on ** quarters, in are. there differences are

returning recently from were home obtain Officers these "books"practice in reporting by we certain may queson folthe a conference. did so and He to the application chairman tions of their printed quarterly report on the

is the statement: lowing committee. forms. is there Naturally to stake a desire

make a good showing. This is comIn answer to your letter of April 28 remendable. But the showing should be "A Quorum's specting our efforts with an elderly brother

I his habits, this story: and submit truthful not misleading. and Revival"Remarkable years twentyfour I, as bishop, About ago illustrate: is percent the To What effort counselors to and get an made my

title, this article published under at attendance meeting, npHE accord- a weekly Priestthe every of Melchizedek member to ing question * on of the 3 of the report page 395 Era, has form? June to clean habit. the hood tobacco on up

It is the percent of the quorum enrollbeen reprinted in folder form and will Among the group was a brother who was ment ( question 1 ) who actually attend be sent free on application to stake eighty years of age. When we approached

the meeting. No one not attending the committees and quorum officers. The him, he told us he was reared in Missouri

"sowbelly"on did not and whiskey and for meeting, will cause any in whatsoever, can article suggestive prove very whether quit know could tobacco or not as counted be present. questions But of getting into ways and means quorums try. but would later to sent few days he heA

11, 6, 4, 14 full activity. and form, report of the Perhaps quorum many his bachelor lived me his son parwith who

enable the record to account for all abofficers would like to have this in a conents. He told me his father was sick and

sentees who are elsewhere engaged in venient form for reference. wanted me to come up.

Church service or beyond quorum jur- I went immediately up to his home, about

I five miles place. old from the found myisdiction. Further, question 13 acVery Commendable

ill. the in gentleman very bed had He for all counts active who are in any way

his sallow pallor of nicotine face on in the Church. A mong if distant. looked far as the many commendable items terribleand death not was It is again recommended that the in quarterly quorum reports there He asked me one question: "Bishop, do

questions on the report forms be read are occasionally some that could not you think it better for me to quit tobacco die or to and live?"smoke are and be Note 100%. officers'considered and at the meeting improved—they

his one: another question with is the of the following taken from made stake thewith the committee at which

it if quit, does rather even you "WouldI answered first reports, quarter 1942: distributed are officers forms for subkill rid habit, of or your would be and you

filling out. sequent should seventy, of 311th The quorum Atounanimity Wefinally rather use tobacco and go you

be reached as to the meaning of each ber Stake, reported 100% paid fast ofyour grave with the habit fastened to youto question and how it should be answered. ferings. and perhaps never be able to overcome it

because also involves opportunity passedThis your up a determination you of priests the high of of Moapa 99% the necessary are data obto bebow reported active Stake were and 97% here?"his for turned old gentleman answer The tained. of attended sacrament meetings them to his face wall, the out put hand to me,

All questions the the forms should on total abstainers. and were clasped understandingly. and hands webe answered—they are considered imThe 52nd quorum of seventy, Maleft him silently. I

portant. There are ways of getting the lad Stake, reported 98% who were acThe old gentleman recovered and moved

again seeing information. himnecessary without should from ward These my my tive of the kept and Wiswho Word

I of years. four for period on a was my officers inbe clearly the understood by dom. I met to him General Conference when way the that reports complete be may

fifth elders, of quorum South "BishThe said: to and again. up came me He the rightly questions answered.order—all I to see again pleased op, Stake, at very reported you Angeles much Los am 100% it is highly that the desiredThen com- I tell last the years four die before and you a monthly meeting quorum and 97% shall reportspleted disbe promptly I really life the part of are only have my in active as the Church.

of, at directions the followingposed I lived."died as never again he him saw

the bottom of the sheets. The tenth quorum of elders, Logan soon after.

Stake, reported 100% were active. The We also labored with the old gentleman's

The Handbook and den250thStake,quorumreportedof seventy,100% abstainers.South Ogson-inlawand tobaccowhoandfinallybecamegavea genealogicalup whiskey

I sucIn passing, Activities worker. might say weQuorum seventy, 376th of Highquorum The

all getting of the in but ceeded one memStake, reported land attended 100% to the Priesthood overof bers Melchizedek help recently needed has long come A sacrament the kept meeting and Word habits. liquor the tobacco and comeJr into officers. the of hands quorum of sixtyof sixty I fills the Also this Wisdom. remain, request, your Hoping

isIt "brief the outwhich handbook"brother, of your of the one 315th members quorum lines briefly clearly officers but the what I. Jr. J. Nichols, seventy third of the and quorum 95%of relative every to need quorum know this stake, elders of of reported were

their dutiesto to discharge and how Bill total abstainers. as Suggestion a and Atheir responsibilities. result, there a As

priests high Boise of Stake Thewill is increase undoubtedly a marked be in the pending United fHERE now and rT the seventies of the 94th quorum,in * activities the the of Melchizedek States Senate, for has been and active. Stake, were Wasatch 100% longer of the Priesthood.quorums bill several months, as No S. 860, a known

is there any reason for officers to be in All the high priests of Juarez Stake introduced by Senator Sheppard (now doubt as to what their duties are, nor are total observers. deceased) relative to the sale of alcoas to what there is for the quorum and We extend our congratulations to the holic liquors near military camps, etc.

its members to do. officers and members of the above The bill was referred to the Committee

Uncertainties are always nervenamed quorums. on Military Affairs, May 16, 1941, and

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1942

MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD was subsequently reported back withto sign your letter with you. "The people were brought close to the Church

out amendment or recommendation. voice of God is the voice of the peothrough good cheer visits to the Akron

The bill is as follows ple."Certainly, if every Senator knew City Hospital and the Goodyear Hosthat the majority of his constituents pital.

To provide for the common defense in favored the passage of the bill, it would The elders gained the attention of relation to the sale of alcoholic liquors to undoubtedly soon become law. Will the Akron Beacon Journal, the large

the members of the land and naval forces of you, the reader, act on the suggestion? daily Akron paper, which featured

the States United the to for provide and full in a spread all them showing page the them of the great churches Nearly suppression in miliof vice vicinity the of activities in their studying, various of bill the are supporting country have and tary establishments. and camps naval

singing, tracting, duties. domestic and this so. join forcefully in said us Let of the it enacted and Senate House by Be

largest the of is one it Beacon Journal The support. now. Do of States the Representatives of United

America in Congress assembled, that in You will be interested to know that papers in Ohio, serving 350,000 readthe interest of the common defense no perthe above was a law of the United ers.

son, associapartnership, corporation, or States not to 1933. 1917 from 15, 1941, Elder It was September Kidd On

sell, his in shall give, tion supply, or have the part national prohibition of a Detroit, transferred to law while Elder was its liquors, alcoholic possessionor any repeal to the Indianapolis inbut swept Bangerter was when away was was called ale, beer, or cluding within at any or wine military camp, station, fort, post, yard, accomplished in 1933. But surely this district. Elder Bowden B. Kenworthy

base, cantonment, training or mobilization bill should become law. It is a muchof St. George, Utah, came into the

place which is being used at the time for needed defense measure. Let not the quartet as bass and Elder Melvin

military purposes, but the Secretary of War powerfully entrenched liquor interests Maughan, of Lava Hot Springs, Idaho, may make regulations permitting the sale handicap our boys in their efforts to replaced Elder Kidd as baritone. The

medicinal liquors for alcoholic of useand quartet three spent reorganized weeks beat the enemy. down

partcorporation, person,purposes. Any in Detroit Director under Abel John

provithe violating association ornership, MISSIONSTATES NORTHERN their enlarging repertoire. Peterson,

rules, or orders, this section orsions of any CORDIALLY ARY QUARTET L. replaced Bradford, A. Clive who thereauthority properregulations by made IN OHIO RECEIVED president as district of Reed Adams punishable shall unotherwise unlessunder

der the Articles of War be deemed guilty of an effort to arouse interest in MorNorth Ohio, acted as master of cere- a misdemeanor and be punished by a fine INmonism among a people indifferent monies on the programs. The first enof not less than $100 nor more than $1,000 toward all religion, President Leo gagement was at the Mercator Club at

thirty less for than imprisonment notand/or folthe Club. City This Akron was quartets has and organized Muir J. months. twelve than more nordays present- a series of programs lowed by the in express to the mission choruses the interest of the common 2. in Sec. That service the of the before clubs major ed will gospel of the through message good such within it unlawful shall bedefense city, Lions, including Rotary, Kiwanis, of music. universal the language One camp, military of distance anyreasonable

of Optimists, Commerce, Chamber is units the these of musical cantonment, base, fort, yard, post, Mormonstation, training or mobilization place as the SecreMale Quartet, organized June 15, 1941, Executives, etc. Not only did civic

tary of War shall determine to be needful at Akron, Ohio, under the direction of leaders compliment the quartet, but to the efficiency, health, and welfare of the President A. Reed Adams. Charter commended the elders for their ideals.

designate and/or and shall NavyArmy Here are a few of the comments reorganization of the were in members for or bulletins orders any person,general first corded: of Manti, Utah, Robert Carpenter to association or partnership,corporation,

of Bountiful, Grant Conway postenor; in his or itssell, or give, supply, have William Mettler, Goodyear Exetenor; Ralph of second TusUtah, Kidd beer, liquors, includingsession any alcoholic

: cutive tin, California, baritone; Arnold partand corporation, person,ale, wine. or Any

nership or association violating the proviBangerter of Bountiful, Utah, bass. I have always wanted to know what it is

sions of this section or any orders, rules, Shortly after its organization, the about Mormonism that will move young or regulations made by proper authority quartet made a summer survey tour men to give up two years of their lives volthereunder, shall unless otherwise punishvisiting the Saints in the rural areas, untarily in the interest of others.

deemed be Articles of the War,able under traveling hundred seven one thousand punished be and of a misdemeanorguilty treasurer: state Ebright, Harry Ohio fifteen in their dollar miles model A more nor less than fine $100 of not aby

in Ford. midReturning to Akron to get to Columyou ever Come not see me if for imprisonment and/orthan $1,000

less than thirty days nor more than twelve August, the quartet began a routine bus. You fellows interest me.

months. schedule of tracting, cottage meetings,

Sec. 3. In construing the foregoing secand singing visits to nonmember Ed Day, Akron City finance comtions of this Act the word "Army"shall friends in homes and hospitals. Many mittee chairman:

the word include "Navy,"to andextend is great! there idea of singing This But "Articles "naval,"shall include"military"singing that than something your more the govis for "Articles shall includeof War"is, it impresses. but there I don't what know "military the words the of Navy,"ernment

is is that faces in clean something and your cantonbase, fort, post, yard, station,camp, fine. It religion. your must be shall place"mobilization training orment,

naval jurisdiction under such placesinclude places Fez Simmons, president, Akron Unito the aforenamedas may correspond under military jurisdiction. The powers versity:

conferred under this Act upon the SecreWhen any Mormon groups come to Aktary of War are hereby conferred upon ron in the future, have them look me up.

regard withthe of the Secretary Navy to have them appear on would like to We and service. words "Navy"the naval The program. an assembly

"naval"shall include the Marine Corps. The

aviation units of both the military and naval Lee D. Schroy, mayor of Akron:

service shall be subject to the provisions of this Act. Your dedication to a cause is what is

needed by Americans today.

What is our suggestion? It is this:

let everyone who reads and is in symTohn L. Prosser, Director, Akron

YMCA:pathy with the bill write to the SenaLeft to right: Bowden B. Kenworthy, bass, St. George,

tors from his or her state, urging the Utah; Robert A. Carpenter, first tenor, Manti, Utah; Wherever I have met Mormon missionpassage of the bill. It would be very G.C. Maughan,Conway Grant,baritone,secondLavatenor,Hot Springs,Bountiful,Idaho;Utah; CliveMelvinL. aries, I have been impressed by them. They

well to get as many others as feasible Bradford, Supervising Elder, Salt Lake. (Concluded on page 464)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1942

desires (257, 221, 107; Alma 11:41;

Melchizedek Priesthood Outline of Study, August, 1942 c. Our12:1215;fathersD. not& C.condemned76:111) for not

Text: Teachings of the Prophet Joseph Smith. obeying the gospel they never heard

(221) d. God will deal with all the human

equally family (219) e. 24 flesh the our is quickenedLESSON by When is circumone wrong under e. What

spirit, taberin will blood be our no right stance in another be may Relation {Continued)Man's to God nacle 199200) (367; (256) 5. Eternal progression f. Difference the and between body

just of the 4. Resurrection a. less intelliof spirits spirit in midst God,

following Saints a. Resurrection of

is gent instituted ( than Himself, elasSpirit pure, matter laws more 1 ) 27: resurrection Savior's the (Matt. tic like rest in refined the that whereby might advance than and

5153; 23:7-13) 3 Nephi Himself (354) (207, body 302)

b. of righteous Resurrection when It in exist the to instruct the (2) weaker can Laws body ( 1 )

in Christ 88: (D. glory comes & C. It will exist after intelligences that sepdeath they be may (3)

9798) arately exalted the from body (2) Thus enabled to be enlarged in (4) In the resurrection it will be 5. Resurrection of the wicked

knowledge, power, glory and inseparably reunited with the a. Some resurrected souls dwell in

intelligence body (D. & C. 88:1517; 93: higher glory than others

b. Happiness the object of our exist33-34; 2 Nephi 9:13) b. Not redeemed from the devil until

ence (255) (5) Immortal resurrected bodies can the last resurrection (D. & C. 76:85)

(1) Path to happiness is virtue, die no more (Alma 11:4445) c. Live not again until the thousand

faithfulness, holiness and obe- g. The Prophet's vision of a literal years are ended (D. & C. 88:100dence resurrection (295) 101)

(2) Through obedience joy and h. All men will come from the grave

peace unalloyed as they lie down, whether old or Discuss:

(3) We came to earth that we young (199) 1. Describe the graded condition in the

might have a body and present i. We have knowledge those we bury spirit world.

it will clothed here pure again bring up God (181) before God

Souls in the the Spirit quickened precious sight of (4) and upon by of cording2. Showto thattheir Godopportunities,will judge works,all men andac-

(296) God (77) God life Inexpressible c. Eternal joy of reunion with the desires of their heart. is to know God (34, j.

346347) loved ones (1) Really to know Him we must 2. Condition of spirits between death and LESSON 27

learn how to be Gods resurrection (2) Must go from one small degree a. The spirit world Translated Beings

to shalt another, exaltation with "This thou from day be to (1) the Teachings Prophet Read Joseph of in exaltation paradise"23:43) (Luke me 170171; 7:1-8; Smith, 368; 38:4; C. pp. D. &

first of the "paradise"begin with must meaning (3) True (2) We 45:1114; 110: 107:4849; 77:14; 84:99100;

all is spirits"learn principles here of and the of "world (309) 13; 45:1819; 28:4-40; 3 Alma Nephi Moses

exaltation to Christ preached and went (3) (348) 8:1-2; 7:1821, 31, 2 5:24; 68, 69; Gen.

It will spirits (I the prison after in Peter great while a (4) be 10:8-11; 21:2023; 2:11; Kings Rev. John

all death learn before 3:19) them we 11:5. Heb.

all evil, Spirits of or dwell men, the soul with good (5) (4) To God is spirit the to must world as be pure (Alma go pure He 1. state of translated (170beings The

40:11) (227) 171)

d. b. for in the Righteous righteous heirs to paraHappiness of be and God a. taken presinto the immediately Not

joint heirs dise with Christ Jesus 40:12) (Alma of ence God

) ) rest, ( inherit state the of peace glory hapand and 1 same To (1 A b. eternal fulness yet given an Not

exaltation piness c. is habitation place of of Their that

all arrive their trouble, Freed eventually from at the (2) (2) To terrestrial the order station care sorrow of and 40:12) (Alma a God d. in held are to reserve minbe They

Spirits just of the pereternal throne of Ascend (3) men made (3) istering angels to planets many fect (325326; 359360) power e. Distinction actual resurrecbetween

is e. glorified (a) thus in of keys and exalted power and God Have tion translation and (171) the to all salvation exaltation knowledge of and communicate

f. delivers tortures Translation from

children to the Saints His (348) sufferings the of and body in revealed (b) only be Can will yet into better enter g. a They

: gloryDiscuss resurrection, rest of glory and

to (c) servants eternal Ministering the follow advantages 1. What

2. his Translation of city Enoch and life eterthose sealed possessionunending unto of a body?

a. faith translated that Enoch By was 2. the significance nal Explain statethe of

see should he death not (Heb. 11:5; Exaltedment: to a greater and Himself "God was once as we are (d)

5:24; 107:4849) Gen. D. C. & glorious exalted more is an work thannow, and man."

b. his city separated from and Enoch mortals

the earth (D. 45:1114) C. & us, understand and Near 25 (e) ) (LESSON their of righteousness Because 1 feelings thoughts our and

) ( wickedness from and Removed 2 spirits there with (f) MingleThe Resurrection of the abominations world of loved ones (360)

Read Teachings o/ the Prophet Joseph c. Spirits of the wicked in darkness (3) Reserved to return in a day of

righteousness 40:1314) and sorrow 62,Smith, (Alma 84, 107, 199200, 149, 207, pp.

( to the Lord's D. bosom Taken (4) 256257,219, 221, 325295-296, 302, 309,

: Discuss 38:4; 7:31) C. Moses326, 359360, 365367; 76:85, 111; C. D. &

of that the the to of City from Zion heaven taken word Lord (5)88:1517, 9798, 100101; 93:3334; 2 Nephi

all will in lived res- 7:1821, 31, mortality 68, 69; 23, be Moses have 1.whoProve 11:41,9:13; 4445; 12:1215; Alma 3 Nephi

urrected. 8:1-2)23:7-13; I 27:5153; Matt. 23:4353; Luke

is 2. It will to the to return resurrected excel earth (D. C. body (6) & HowPeter 3:19.

the mortal body? 84:99, 100)

1. The resurrection universal

a. all die, even As in Adam so in LESSON 26 Discuss1. Show that mortals have been translated all shall Christ alive be made

b. rise All shall from the dead (367) The Resurrection (Continued) because(b) a missionof (a)to perform.personal worthiness, and c. Christ risen has assuredly the from

dead (62, 84) 3. The judgment 2. Will translated beings yet have to pass

d. By His power will the corporeal a. Among first principles of the gospel through a change equivalent to death, from

bodies of all the human family be (149, 365) mortality to immortality, without enduring resurrected (84) b. Men judged according to deeds and the pain of death?

AaroniiTPriestliood 2712 CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC. EDITED BY LEE A. PALMER.

THE AARONIC PRIESTHOOD Logan 10th Ward Priests Have 100% Attendance Record

Twentyeighth in a series of articles written by the late Elder Orson F.

Whitney of the Council of the Twelve.

Published originally in "The Contributor."

'T'he object of the law of consecration, which every member of the Church was commanded to observe, is to make the Saints equal in earthly as in heavenly things. We are taught that it is an

everlasting order, for the salvation of men until the coming of Christ, and that only by obedience to its principles can

Zion be redeemed and the way prepared year entire during the attendance record of meeting six above priests quorum a perfect had shown keep fail to coming. Those for His who Stake. Tenth Ward, Cache of the are Logan members They of 194LThe

adviser. at right, is quorum president, H. Robertson, left and quorum at Webber, Albert Von Bishop Seated their names this to have are not law and Groll, Webber, Dale James, Donald Lawrence, Glen right, Robert E. left Lawrence, are Joseph to Standing,

enrolled with the people of God, neither Don Steffenhagen.In addition to the fine record of these priests, all quorums of the Aaronic Priesthood of this ward have

is their genealogy to be kept, nor the yearqualifiedawardforforthe1942.StandardOttoQuorumLundbergAwardis forwardfivechaiman,consecutivewith yearsAaron andAmacherare workngand Fredhard Datwylerfor the specialas advisers,sixth

names of their fathers or their children in additionDuring totheBrothereightyearRobertson.administration of Bishop Webber and counselors, W. H. Bell and Fred Datwyler,

to be found in the book of the law of only one male member of the ward has become twentyone years of age still holding the Aaronic Priesthood.

God. As the result, when the time shall r.. -. - ">.n

come for the land of Zion to be redeemed and the city of Zion to be built, such persons will have no part or lot in that glorious work or its reward. Unusual Attendance Record

Concerning the final establishment of the ArnoldFrom Call,the Dublana deacon,Ward,hasJuareza perfectStake,attendancecomes wordrecordthat failed has never at an and sacrament meeting Zion, and quorum the land of upon OrderUnited years his three entire Priesthood during assignment in a Lord, the transpire, is soon to event which loyalty and of example as This is a splendid deacon. a

speaking through His servant Joseph, on devotion.

Arnold ut1832, of November, twentyseventh the

Ward, and isisthenowsonbeingof BishopordainedAnsona teacher.B. Call of the Dublan come this prediction: "And it shall tered

to pass that I, the Lord God, will send one mighty and strong, holding the sceptre of power in his hand, clothed with light for a covering, whose mouth shall utter words ARNOLD CALL eternal words; while his bowels shall be

a fountain of truth, to set in order the house of God, and to arrange by lot the inheritances of the Saints, whose names are found, and the names of their fathers, and of their children, enrolled in the book of the law of

God: while that man, who was called of

God and appointed, that putteth forth his hand to steady the ark of God, shall fall by the shaft of death, like as a tree that is smitten by the vivid shaft of lightning; and

all they who are not found written in the book of remembrance, shall find none inheritance in that day, but they shall be cut asunder, and their portion shall be appointed them among unbelievers, where are wailing and gnashing of teeth. And they who are

of the High Priesthood, whose names are not found written in the book of the law, or that are found to have apostatized, or AARONIC PRIESTHOOD OF CARDSTON 2ND WARD ENJOY SOCIAL SPONSORED BY EXTENSION GROUP to have been cut off from the Church; as Under the direction of Bishop Lyman Rasmussen of the Cardston 2nd Ward, Alberta Stake, a rousing

above Priesthood shown recently were guests membership. young for the The men Aaronic held ward was the the or Priesthood, Lesser aswell

of chairman J. Card, Eldon photograph. in the included extension Priesthood plan group Aaronic memsocialof ward the

inheritbers, in that day, shall not find an for all details in the of committee, charge Priesthood ward bishopric. was Aaronic the ward

ance among the Saints of the Most High."recognizeThe theseleadersthreeof theactivitiespriests,as teachers,integral partsand deaconsof the programin Priesthood,suggestedSundayfor theschool,developmentand Y. andM. M*growthI. A.,of

(To be continued) the young men of the Church.

eg SUlaiJTeaching CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC. EDITED BY LEE A. PALMER.

Recommendations on Ward WARD TEACHERS

Teaching Assignments A nd if any man among you be strong in the Spirit, let him take with him -** that is him weak, that he may be edified in all meekness, that he mayTt is felt to be far more advisable that also. strong become

ward teachers be assigned to visit Therefore, take with you those who are ordained unto the lesser priesteach and every L. D. S. home in a given hood.... (D. & C. 84:106, 107)

district families rather assigned than of Suggestions For Ward Teachers living parts in variousa certain group of the ward. Teachers should be actively interested in their people. They should

spirillness the of death. in of should visit times be aware and They them priests, instances, sevhigh In some

their that extent to status itual, such of physical, temporal people an andenties, as elders being are assigned and assistance appropriate once, at to reported distress and be and want may their visit reto teachers onlyward delay. without provided the be worthy all leavingspective members, quorum

is it revelations, to teachers duties assigned the In keeping with by the visitedothers to be whomever by visit, the to of a formal ask each appropriate, highly making where member is assign. notbishop recomThis may following the import containing questions family

It is is a confusing, theremended. and

1. in harmony Are you

will possibility thatgreat homes many a. associates? neighbors and your With

be overlooked each month. b. With ward, stake, and General Authorities of the Church?

The recommended plan is that ward 2. Are you attending to your Church duties

a member district giventeachers a and a. As be assigned

meeting, each paying fast offering, fasting once and Attending month therein for eachheld accountable home tithing, in social functions? paying and participating ward

and none other. They should be so b. As an officer

well acquainted in their respective disSetting proper example, attending council meetings, etc.?

tricts that they know immediately when 3. Are you attending to secret and family prayers?

a family moves in or out. This plan

results, betterwill insure undoubtedly U)o)uL Jswdi&Ml OfbiAAaL fin, Guqu/d, 1%2 in each be adopted is hoped willand it ward throughout the Church not now FASTING, PRAYER, AND OFFERINGS following this recommendation in this "... I give unto you a commandment that ye shall continue in prayer

activity. and fasting from this time forth."(D. & C. 88:76)

President Joseph F. Smith has pointed out that if this commandment

were obeyed, "It would call attention to the sin of overeating, place the to in the spirit, subjection promote and so with communion the Holy strength insure a spiritualOn the Book Rack bodyGhost, and power. and Doctrine,.."(Gospel

(Concluded from page 445) page 299)

The author has done exceptionally good Surely such blessings are most desirable; they may be ours through

work in recreating an epoch of great sigobedience to this law of the Lord. Latterday Saints should carefully

nificance to our age. M. C. J. analyze the blessings so forcefully directed to their attention in the words

of President Smith.

IF PLEASE! YOU

(Betty Allen and M. P. Briggs. Illustrated. To abstain from two meals each fast day and contribute their cash

Lippincott Company, Philadelphia. equivalent for the blessing and comfort of the poor brings added joy to the

1942. 239 pages. $2.00.) faithful Latterday Saint. It is a privilege to pay fast offerings.

President Heber J. Grant has given the following counsel and promise the subtitle which bears book "AThis subject: on this Moderns"of Manners for Young Book

will be of great importance for those who "Let me promise you here today that if the Latterday Saints will are puzzled by the intricacies of the social honestly and conscientiously from this day forth, as a people, keep the graces, and yet who are eager to avoid monthly fast and pay into the hands of their bishops the actual amount glaring errors. that they would have spent for food for the two meals from which they

The book is complete, even to a bibliograhave refrained; and if in addition to that they will pay their honest tithing,

instructions index, as as to well anphy and it will solve correct of foreign pronunciationon the

Saints. Latterday all of Wethe wouldproblemshavein allconnectionthe moneywithnecessarytaking tocaretakeof carethe their find into that whichwords menus, way

makes it doubly usable. And the cleverly of all the idle and all the poor.

executed illustrations make the book twice "Every living soul among the Latterday Saints that fasts two meals as inviting. M. C. J. once a month will be benefited spiritually and be built up in the faith of

gospel spiritually Jesus of the Lord in a wonderful Christ—benefited IN RAIN FORESTTHE HOUSE THE will the be in means hands of the bishops to take care theway—and Illustrated. Crockett. (Charis Houghton Section, of all Desevet The 18, 1932. News, June the poor."-—ChurchsufficientMifflin pages. Boston. 1942. 300 Company,

$3.00.)

to life, the be greatest his him love of interest the intense in CORTES Guinea, MexiHERNAN NewWith Macmillan Madariaga. de (Salvador co, Cortes'dramatic it until story unfolds this deservedly cannot fail—and York. 1941. all for becomes Company, experience an read. New who not readingshould a wide command bookfail—to

$4.00.) pages. will 554 readers disagree the with Many aupublic. her author and husband were The

thor's concluding statement: "Cortes, great to explainsent Philadelphia out a Spaniard a Spaniard of by the Academy

in his still achievement, greater in that was Sciences to studyNatural photograph and this presentan explanation what IT—andtakes his fit tragic life is a the of symbol tragedyanthropological types. In order of Cortes, to do this conscholar makes Hernan day

scientifically, they settled in a remote village queror of Mexico! No drab tale, this unof man on earth."

of the New Guinea cannibals, called Madik. folding of a man's dream of empire and its One thing with which the reader cannot

Their experiences in this community make subsequent collapse as a result of his lack disagree is the scholarly attitude of the unusual as well as sociologically significant of wisdom and foresight. Arriving at nineauthor, who annotates his text thoroughly.

reading. M. C. J. teen years of age in the land which was to—M. C. /.

JHfienealoqq

NEW ZEALAND RECORDS ford another source of information.

By May Penrose Pearce "SEEK AND YE SHALL FIND"Theseage, hislistswife'sgive name,the emigrant'schildren'sfullnames,name, their ages, place of in departure writer Engof this article traveled 1642 Abel discovered Tasman Tn New The sailing. land, lists of and date of through Zealand The for two New Zealand. hoswas attacked by He

first years, 19251927, the before deparships her to Otago, thousand one tile sailed natives away. and New

ture for Utah, for searching findand fiftyfive first passengers, the four and Zealand slumbered undisturbed by ing records. these to Returning New ships to Canterbury, thousand one forwhite century than a unmore man in Zealand 1934, she spent two twentyeight hundred passengers, and two til first his Captain Cook made onehalf all largyears searching the

lists are available other are and now 1 in five 769. to voyages est libraries made He and found hundred Newvisit two

Zealand, the last in 1777. Next came more books on the settlers of New coming through.

whalers in 1791. Then came the misZealand. A catalogue file has been The early records in print, copies of

of this additional informawhich are in the Genealogical Library, sionaries strengthened the greatcompiled by tion for the Genealogical Library. are:hearted Samuel preached Marsden who

his first sermon in New Zealand to a From Wellington:

great gathering of Maoris on Christmas 1. Burgess Roll of Wellington, 1843.

It settler, contains his of name in at 1814, in Islands of the theDay Bay condition, of but are not them many residence occupation. 151 and Island. Steadily theNorth country was in print. yet are most important The names. greatapproaching changes, as early and

in six compiled large under volumes 2. Wellington, Early 5,616 with 1840 ofas the those came symbol

title the of Encyclopedia Zeasettled of of pioneers names New who the changes signing of the with Treaty land. are: 1, Vol. They Wellington, there. 6, Waitangi,of 1840, February which records; 3,456 2, Vol. Auckland, 2,652 Masterton: From official the of British beginningmarked

records; 3, Vol. recCanterbury, 4,104 3. 18741880. Pioneers, Masterton rule. closely This followed orwas by ords; 4, Vol. records; Otago, 3,456 Christchurch: From settlement.ganized

far as the 1837, back As ZeaNew records; Westland, 2,184 6, Vol. Tara- 2,788 names. associationland to been had formed naki and records. Bay, 2,414 Hawkes Banks From colonize the Islands. North and South

5. in names. Banks records These instances give most Peninsula—308Peninsula: active in processThe began 1839 when the Waikaiouti: of pioneer, the his From name date and ship, the for Tory, departed ZeaNew 6. birth, place History of The he married, and of whom Waikaiouti—655land arrived there 16, 1839. and August

issue the names. the marriage. of are They the official ship.This pioneer was and

7. Earliest link the connecting the pioneer between New Zealand—4,621 first the 22, 1840, January genuineOn names. to his came who Zealand or and New ship,passenger arrived Aurora, The her three also are progenitors in the of There volumes country. mother fiftyat Wellington with one hundred

of marriages, newspaper genealogy The these of people many statistics—births,passengers. later lieuFive the days

deaths. can traced these be and from records intenantgovernor arrived the of Bay through the in its toll of English the books The World GeneWar I took at settlement a Islands and established

Kororareka or Russell. This settlement alogical Library. Many lines of the men of New Zealand and the Rolls of

as be claimed the foundingmay of the ZealandSaints herelines.convergeSome ofintothe theseLatterdayNew theHonourtowns.are TherecordedAnzaconMemorialmonumentsBookin country. signing After the of the Treaty

Saint missionaries casualties has the names of World who War went to Newof Waitangi, Kororareka was abanthere. other is with Rolls found relatives and of Honour of as the projected capitaldoned and Zealand

shelves the records the clerk as of Other such Zealanders on town New selected.Auckland September was On library. records and cemetery gathbeen have 16, the flag) 1840, (British Union Jack

Finally, ered the into and four RegistrarGeneral, compiled volumes Welhoisted.was

1 lington, Island 2, Zealand, North has records the Volumes and and New ships arpassenger to began More 1 all births, Island of South since marriages deaths Volumes and and 2—aboutrive 9, 1842. on October WellingTo

file eleven In records. the 1840. thousand should index of the These Geneton, capital, the ships, present the came

in alogical used is conjunction the be encyLibrary with card a deposited Oriental,Aurora, Adelaide. and The clopedias before mentioned, giving particulars they the as of requirements first the of settlers arrived Otago on are records the birth, of the descendants the of cermarriage on death andthe Phillip Wickcliffe, Laing, VicJohn

pioneers. lists tificates. early shipping afThe tory, Blundell, to and from 23 March

September 21, 1848. Then came the

settlers to Canterbury in the four ships, ELYSIAN PARK WARD, SAN Perhaps some of the other wards

Randolph, Charlotte Jane, Sir George FERNANDO STAKE, REPORTS would be interested in knowing what

Seymour, and Cressy arriving Decemwe are doing down here in Elysian Park 16, 17,ber 27, bringing 1850, and apin southern do Ward We fiveproximately eighty pashundred litemple the attend work. much California.Wesengers. largest the four are These regularly. brary extemple have We

folsettlements. settlements Other cursions twice a year.

lowed though smaller than the first, About sixty Saints attend our geneaBay, Poverty Bay,such as Hawkes class logy in Elysian Park. a We doTaranaki, Nelson, Marlborough, and variety of interesting things. ten Every

Wanganui. chapters in our lesson book we have a

The pioneers were chosen for their quiz contest. The men team against

quality, and many of them were of the women, and we find the men are high social standing representaand pretty hard about beat—in fact—it'stives families. English of wellknown far. tie so a "Information have an toWe records of these people been haveThe occasionally. Please"seprogram We in fairlypreserved a wellorganized ELYSIAN PARK WARD GENEALOGICAL GROUP Concluded ( on page 464

choir, asORGAN ACCOMPANIMENT mindout effort,which, imaginesfinding so theremuch isreadylittlewithfor toI haveaccompanyat times theheardhymnsit. andJust as a diet

By Dr. Frank W. Asper, the player to do. Too many, who conof candy is not advisable, so too much

Tabernacle Organist sider earnest study and technic unnecesof the saccharine quality of the vox f"\NE of our most eminent authorities sary, waste precious time at the conhumana tone is apt to sicken the ear.

has declared that no instrument ofsole, revelling in one tone color or anThe eight foot manual tone is the real fers such a field for triflers as does the other, encouraging an appetite for puresubstance of the organ, and is the founorgan, because on no other can so many ly sensuous tone, and forgetting the dation on which all registration should effects be produced by merely mechancontent and spirit of real music. be built.

ical means. This marvelous contrivMany organists do not estimate the Often a player's partiality for other

ance of man's ingenuity has developed instrument's power well. It must alstops or combinations becomes a nuisinto something resembling a combinaways be remembered that organ tone ance. Next to the vox humana, the

tion of many instruments, and from its does not affect the player as it does the oboe is probably the one worked the comprehensive nature it gives an effect congregation, especially when the conmost overtime. It is a very easy thing

of permanence second only to the buildsole is near the pipes and the hearers to get into fixed habits of registration, ing in which it is installed. That the are some distance away. Some organand the organist should always be looktone of the organ can be sustained inists draw every stop and coupler, and ing for new effects, because of the tendefinitely also suggests eternity in its blithely continue playing as long as they dency to use the same stops year in and

voice. feel so disposed, with no distress to year out.

Now in spite of the instrument's their eardrums or nerves, from the unThe tremolo is an invaluable stop, in growth to mammoth proportions and ending full organ. They do not feel good hands. But perpetual toneshak-

the multitude of pistons, buttons, pedals, the tremors created throughout the auing on the organ is no more attractive and other mechanical helps, physical ditorium from the loud and heavy vithere than in the voice, especially when force is no longer a necessity in its playbrations. Full organ has its place, but a full, solid tone is desired.

ing. Thanks to electric action, everyonly at long intervals, and then only Like loud playing, dwelling long on

thing is now so light that the manual for a short time. So much loud playing the extremes of pitch, the very high and

touch resembles the touch of the piano, in church, if frequently indulged in, dethe very low, is also a reprehensible and a child may play it as easily as an clares a want of good taste and propractice. Moderation is badly needed

adult. Certainly the modern pipe organ claims a lack of refinement. today in all walks of life, and in no deranks easily in the foreground among Registration is such an important partment of art is such a return to santhe triumphs of musical advancement. subject that many books have been ity more timely than in the music of

With all these advantages over the written on it, and nowhere is discretion the civilized world. To dwell for a

days when playing the organ was a more needed than where certain solo long time on the highest manual or the physical feat, this modern ease of maand fancy stops are concerned. An lowest pedal tones grates on one's

nipulation, with an endless variety of effective vox humana occupies a promnerves. We all know what a relief it

tone color may easily become a pitfall. inent place in most organs, but it should is when such a sound stops and we hear

There is often to be found that type of be used with discretion, certainly not tones that are more normal.

MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD (Concluded from page 459) pie who go around with long flowing November 23rd was begun a series are a good influence among the boys at beards and here we find they are handof fifteen minute Sunday afternoon rathe "Y."some young men with beautiful voices. dio programs on station WAKR. These

interesting came will comments Equally run until the quartet leaves North Douglas Rea, Director Akron Goodcounty clerk; Kroegger, Frank from Ohio. Industries:will

Ralph Dauby, manager of the O'Neil In the period from October 7th to

My life has been made richer through Company; C. W. Seiberling, rubber December 13th the quartet appeared

knowing you boys and knowing a little of magnate; and Ralph Waterhouse, before sixtyfour nonmember audithat which you are giving to the world. superintendent of schools. ences totaling approximately twelve

Walter Tunks, Rector St. Paul's In addition to service club and high thousand people

Episcopal Church: school assembly programs, the quartet The quartet has now moved to CleveYou know, we carry a lot of crazy ideas presented radio programs, along with land, Ohio, where they are dispensing

around in the back of our heads. We have programs for several churches, convengood will for the Church in that city.

been led to believe that Mormons are peotions, and other organized groups. On By Clive L. Bradford.

GENEALOGY (Concluded from page 463) the secretary of the Genealogical Sothis purpose than any other stake in lect four experts—assign each one his ciety. They continually visit the Saints, the temple's area, to the Mesa Templetopic—and then fire questions at these help in research, work out problems, in Arizona.

it. their experts. research. dramalove four and do own We We little is the at In stake, the our ward

statistics tize that for a of several are our lessons—and Here few list in for of temgiving the our head money

objective. class: the sixty are family help us records does remember There thirple being the work, proxy amount the in questions kept on of these typed out our Twentyfive ward. By passing dollars. tyfour lesson, we find class activity very stimfamilies are doing their own research.

ulating. Last year we did four hundred fortyAlthough we are a very small ward,

We feel that much of our success can two baptisms, five hundred seventywe feel that we are accomplishing some be attributed to the faithful endeavor eight endowments and one hundred good. We know that this is due to the

of the chairman of our Elysian Park twentyeight sealings. prayers of the faithful, the humility of

Genealogical Society—Harry Robinson In our temple proxy fund, our stake the Saints, and the help of the Lord,

and his wife, Mary Robinson, who is ( San Fernando ) gave more money for Jesus Christ.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1942

WkdimL

in the pamphThe standards set forth let "Girls of the M I. A."formed

the basis for the theme of the San

Diego Stake Gold and Green Ball.

Six floral arches placed in tiers on the stage, each representing an ideal, created the setting for the queens. The six standards or ideals

depicted, each one being represented by the queens of each ward and her attendants. They represented: Charm,

Culture, Poise, Beauty, Intelligence, and Spirituality. The stake gleaner

organization presented each queen with a gleaner pin and the booklet, Personality and Charm by Katie C. Jensen.

Thus each girl took home a little remembrance she will always cherish.

ATTENDANCE RECORD A T fourteen years of age Laura Woof- *r enden became a BeeHive Girl in the Pleasant Green Ward of the

Oquirrh Stake.

Here she received a number of awards and was chosen one of the two

BeeHive Girls to represent Oquirrh

Stake at June conference in Salt Lake

City. At graduation she was an honor

Bee and received the BeeHive ring.

In her Junior year, Laura was a class officer as well as taking parts in the

M. I. A. dramas of both ward and stake.

She has since taken part in at least twelve plays.

In 1932, she decided to try for a perfect attendance record in the M. I. A.

Since that time she has been neither absent nor tardy—ten years of perfect

attendance!

During the years as a Gleaner,

Laura has held many offices and won much honor. At present she is a member of the stake M. I. A. chorus, a

Sunday school teacher in Pleasant

Green Ward, and cares for the little children each Tuesday while their mothersWe areattendvery proudRelief ofSociety.Laura Woofenden in the Pleasant Green Ward.

(Continued on page 466)

1. Twin Queens of the Pasadena Stake Gold and Green

ball. 2, 3 and 4. Three generations of the cast of "It Shall

Keep Thee,"a threeact play presented by the

Colonial Heights Ward, Portland Stake.

5. Gleaner Girls of the Heber First Ward, Wasatch

Stake, binding their sheaf.

6. Laura Woofenden of Pleasant Green Ward, Oquirrh

Stake, who made a record for perfect attendance in

W. I. A. (See writeup this page)

7. Cheyenne Ward, Denver Stake, Gold and Green ball

queen and her court.

S. Gleaner Girls of the Payson Second Ward, Nebo

Stake. 9. Mr. and Mrs. Matthew Burnett, who had a family

of thirteen children, twelve living, eleven married and all married in the temple. (See writeup on

page 467) 10. Nampa Second Ward, Nampa Stake, Choir, consisting

of fifty voices.

11 Queen of the Gold and Green Ball of Casper Branch,

Western States Mission.

12 Highlights of the Bear River Stake Gold and Green ball.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1942

Mutual Messages

{Continued from page 465) Bishopric Plays Basketball npHE Denver First Ward has some- ** thing which it thinks is unique in the Church. The entire bishopric plays

basketball.

The Denver Stake is one of the newer stakes and Churchsponsored basketball is just getting started there.

Bishop Edward E. Drury, Jr.; first

counselor, Thomas H. Butterfield; second counselor, Elmo C. Higginson; and

ward clerk, L. Winn Madsen, were

mainstays on the squad all year. The

remainder of the squad was also dominated by other ward officers as it included the Y. M. M. I. A. president,

Virge M. Butler, his first counselor,

Cecil B. Jacobsen, the Scoutmaster, M.

Waldo Romney, and the M Men class president, B. Sam Hansen.

The team had a very successful year, finishing in first place in the league after 1. Twin"QueenFallsof GoldHearts"and ofGreenthe

being undefeated in league play all seaball and participants.

son. 2. San Francisco Gold and

Picture Butte Names Queen 3. TheGreen Grandball queen.March which

evethe of the climax was Lethbridge Butte Picture Ward,HP'he Francisco at ning San ball. Stake Green Gold and -* Stake, Ball was and Green Gold

held in January. Miss Lorna Gourley 4. Susanville Ward, Reno

Green and Stake, Gold queen I. A. by of the M. crownedwas

attendants. ball queen and F. Roscoe A. President M. I.Y. M.

Western First Annual NewGibb. 5.

ball Green Gold and York A DEEPER NOTE 6. atPartPalmyra,of theNewdecorativeYork.

First of Anthe scheme special task now. a has"Oecreation

nual Western York New ordinary. not are The*"These times ball. Green Gold and

fire. Men's is on worldwhole

of at the queen minds 7. Crowning the breakstrained almostare beyond Gold and Inglewood Stake

Green ball (photo by to point. a crazy, This appears being

the Weight). world world. a In suchmadman's

at demonstration Dance is in- 8. program for the recreationneed

Stake Inglewood Gold the balance fold, for mentalcreased many ball by and (photo Green and sanity and physical reserve become Weight).

increasingly important. 9. Queen and attendants of

DisFlorida the Central crisis, in a in such Recreation now, trict Green ball. Gold and future the world, witha catastrophic

even for the United States uncertain, with young men wondering what is to happen to them, whether they may be called to battlefields, with mothers sick with fear for the future of their sons recreation now must have, if possible, a deeper note, not something to be talked about, but an atmosphere that, just naturally builds morale, that holds people steady.

Men, women, and children should—notgo on living.as if there"Thewereplaynoshouldfire raginggo on"

but in spite of the fire. Now it should

be not only living for its own sake but recreation that will keep us sane and strong for facing unafraid the world and all that happens that we may do our part without undue haste, with as much calm as may be.

Howard Braucher Editor, Recreation Magazine 2827 S. E. Stephens

Portland, Oregon April 26, 1942 Dear Brother Robinson:

Our spring dance festival Friday night A66

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1942

MESSAGES MUTUAL the flu, taking outstanding that reso get didn't the she shewas and I am why hall, in places various the them throughout... it of to describingpleasure you. The felt herself plied that she coming down

all that sure enjoying making themwere lattice fence picketsetting white work, was disease, to the but with prayed God selves the to utmost. given enThis was entwined. ivy flowers and with archwayand take that to strength should she have tirely all the our ward, but by we I. trellises letters the gold with M.Twelve

feelInstantly family. care her the of other guests. as beour wards had invitedWe the the windows.A. were between Over

archway the letters M. I. A. were made by tween four and five hundred present and ing of sickness left her.

little golden electric light globes. Through they were deeply impressed and very apThis is just one instance in the noble

beautiful preciative of the and memorable all afterthis participants entered arch comparents. lives of my

evening. as such had comments many We floor, the the to stageing doors through on Ill to challenge a the make Mormon finest is the "This dancing party have we their into the arch, at then goingmeeting will If they people. the follow example social ever choicest of the attended"—"One floor. thepositions on of people the these and have same two... the etc. occasions had,"has ever ward

... built the stage corner near In one - we this faith, can then courage and Church Hardy. D. Rose garden. beautifulthe Brought rock most in blessings carrying wonderful expect gardens, plants primthe from rockery our MR. AND MRS.roses, azaleas, bright MATTHEW through God's work.* <m BURNETT'S OUTSTANDINGetc., then at the back. a palm pansies,Weiris,hadferns,twosmall pools, with weeping willows graceRECORDfully touching the water's edge. Little elecBy Evelyn Burnett Bowers Our Country Saints

tric lights were hidden through the garden (Concluded from page 443) in reflections the from then poolwith and their fortythree P\uring of years marmissionary doing been have work since the projection spot the had huge room *"* we life ried Brother Sister and Matjoined the they Church. may They entirelight rockery. the played on Burnett To thew chilthirteen have had but live in places, obscure remote and entire thecaptivate audience had two we

live baby ducks that stole the show by swimdren. The tenth child, which my moththey are living examples. The faith

ming around in the pools, then standing on er says is her tithing, lived three weeks; that they exercise in their belief of the

the rocks as though having a sun bath. The as yet, the other twelve are living. At gospel and of Church leaders is a wonthe enthralledspectators so were with ducks the present time eleven children are faith their virtue. derful with Along

effects the the that scenic eveningand would all married, in of the temple, three them in belief the a they and Church have far, that successful but been even have the of all missions, boys been have on their pitted loyalty to country deep there beautiful the floor began, showwhen all the keep of Wisdom, pay Word their souls. people are a within They throughout. wasn't sound a were They

truly entertained. tithing, and all are engaged in Church that are still a foundation of the country

We have worked diligently to learn a work. When anyone commends my and the Church: Many leaders have

of well dances your and few would you their parents "It's reply is always, God's rural the from comand farm come

Bill pleased. lone have been and Powell work."munities.

their into really souls hearts the put and flu in During a 1921, epidemic my that bless these people God May is this Bill please, as to as hard work, and in father catwith was some Wyoming will living testimony they always a be it air time said he walking even and was on exceeded his expectations.... tle, and my mother was alone with to other people; that they will always

Our orchestra consisted of nine girls all eleven children, all with the flu. Nor hold high the ideals and standards of

in pastel formals and the chorus of women could she get help of any kind. She the everlasting gospel, and receive the

was superb. They too were in pastel fornursed a fivemonth old baby, milked blessing that has been promised. "If

mals. The male quartet was excellent. and fed ten cows, took care of two thou wilt do good, yea, and hold out

as President such a number We had of horses, carried and teams a water from faithful shalt saved to the end, thou be Sister Bennion, Desla Sally Bishop and for well, kept chopped a fire is wood in the of God, the kingdom which Stratford, stake presidency board and wives, and our local M. I. A. presidency acting going constantly, and washed and greatest of all the gifts of God; for

as hosts and hostesses and instead of having ironed every day. there is no gift greater than the gift of

a formal receiving line at the door, we had When we asked how she managed salvation."(D. & C. 6:13)

INTERWEAVINGS (Continued from page 433) had brought her and a magazine and the rocks of the stream in the shadow

I need to feel your presence through called to the children. They had of a pine tree. Where the sun broke

that greater Presence; when I pray, built the outlines of a house with colthrough, young fish, small as needles,

I want to feel that you receive my ored rocks in the moist dirt under flashed by, weaving back and forth, prayers through Him. When I think the willows, Grace said, "How their bodies almost transparent, their

of you, I want you to feel that my would you like to live in this great eyes big and protuberant. A green,

love for you lives as I live. big house, Mama? See, we made hairy hopvine leaf floated slowly by.

life, Laura felt "I am a little tired tonight, so my a barn for the horses, too. We could Sensing the beauty of

letter will not be over long. I caught have white horses, couldn't we?"pleasure touch her and leave her like

cold at a party we went to last night, Laura said, "Who wants to go for falling drops of rain warmed in the and I'll have to be up early in the a walk with me?"sun. There was a reaching out within greater something her toward It chilas the morning. seems though children her, clambered about The herself. than uneasy not She was think of a dren thousand can ways finger. to each holding a found They longer. Arthur's absence about any of dirtying the house, and you know a green spot east of fork the where

chill of evening approaching The fuss a about what husband makes my the quietly stream through wound trees of in the the shade green was little..."like that. things quaking cottonaspen and young called the to she her children when letter thinkthe put away, Laura children woods. played The among tothe walked back and road down said. ing the about vines, wild Marianne what had a "secret"weaving home. beginning were ward They sighed. thing Faith not for a themselves. She was room thought Laura to tired talkaless be were now, and

for life, put merely of out your you of hand her her Marianne, of own tive Little before. than had Stephen

It took. wisto with letter and Art. marriage had to come would The dirt his about had eyes he where

dom. have been written at least three days rubbed them with a grimy fist. She

ago. What would her sister be doing thrilled to the warmth of his small

/xfter lunch she did the at this moment? hand as it clutched hers.

dishes, took the newspaper Arthur There was green moss growing on ( Concluded on page 468

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1942

INTERWEAVINGS (Concluded from page 467) until the first weeping spell had and began to walk back toward the

There was a car at the gate when passed, and then with a few words house. In a bend of the road a moththey crossed the bridge and turned of comfort, drove away. Suddenly er grouse hurriedly ushered her

the bend in the road. It was Will's she was alone, the small sides of the small, spottedbacked youngsters to

closing in her the shelter shutupon and disappointed she valleycar. when She was

all the universe. ting her to remember from began away of a sage things—Maribush. Laura his with him. seedid not wife Martha

is "... letter: the there creek of a somewhisper echoed on anne's The few.Visitors so were

memories. nothing, against those bouncing thing greater than its sound of out stepped her and Will saw

it besure of sky. face milled to feel Marianne's a hollow you... I want small three car. were boysthe His

with him, eyes big, sunburned hair, before her in a hundred scenes from cause I need to feel your presence large white teeth that filled their life, little scenes she had forgotten through that greater Presence; when

until receive feel that to to voice Marianne's I pray, you spoke now; I want in the car, remainedmouths. They

I clearly if she as her were as through Him. prayers rememWhen my her followingsilent watchful, and

I feel that it freshly. to there bering of think you, want you And now interest. withapproach

live."in lives as I for but those nothing love death you was memmy is a pleasant "Hello, Will. This

surprise."ories. Death was a hollow box on Dusk had come down upon the

the longer received onland, no and one but pounded there was unwhich Laura.""Hello, He seemed

reality. valley ly echoes, the the never emptiness great about shifting from foot his weighteasy,

to foot. "Where's Art?"Laura had felt at first. She began

feel near that there something was to to did not return today Hole JLaura he went to Red "Why, herself, greater a Presence than her get the gatepast to back the house, didn'tearly. but walked plan He

until late this evening. Is there anyway and down the road, over and able to comfort because of a wisdom

thing wrong?"across the other bridge and past the greater than her own. "Oh, Lord,"

to strength "give she prayed, me the that of with grove bushes chokecherry played Nothing.""No. He

greatbelieve and in Thee in Thy children the fringed pockets. "Say, his overall coins inthe stream. The

Laura, I just got a phone call from still clung to her, whimpering. She ness."

the city. Marianne's husband phoned sat down on a rock beside the road Peace began to come to her slowly,

to tell you she died this morning of and suddenly began to sob again, like soft music. Arthur would come

pneumonia. She wasn't sick more her face on her knees. Stephen broke soon. She remembered him as he

than a couple of days. Martha was into a frightened wail. Grace, in a had kissed her that morning. "Mygoin'to come, but she—wavering voice, said, "Don't cry, dear, you are too young yet to be

Laura's face was in her hands. Momie."Laura wept until part of allwise, but you have the courage to

Suddenly she began to cry aloud; the bitterness was gone, until some wait for wisdom. That is the thing

her babies clung to her, frightened of her reason began to return. She we pray for together."

by a somethingwhich they could not knew she must find something to Waiting for Arthur, she prayed understand. The little boys in the help her want to live until Arthur again, knowing that his prayer would

car stared at her. Will was awkward came home. be with her now, wherever he was,

and embarrassed. He watched her She took the children by the hand thinking of her.

of to the protection are entitled peril in time of because theSPIRITUAL REARMAMENT AND MORAL DEFENSE weheaven the objectively manifested (Continued [rom page 434) obey will of God King of heaven is our King.

they do. completely than more

vision of the Revoluprogram, In this great armament In Nephi's nation, cannot church or community A that therefore, the not be observed musttionary Church War he "the live its past than an individual on any more power of God was with them [the can. The fate of the Jews ought to teach overlooked. While extra shifts are

futile that. us could Nothing be more all the to that called colonists], and war industries, and alsoAmerican

is the to that argue church than because in the all those fires are not allowed to go outthe wrath of God was upon institution, therefore, it cannot God's own that were gathered together against fail. Whether it is God's institution or not blast furnaces and the factories, what

them to battle.... And that the genwill be determined by whether it fails or of the lights in the chapel? As the natiles that had gone out of captivity, not. It is not a question of origin, but a tion girds with the armor of war,

is true of the question outcome. Which arindividual the put on must the delivered power of God bywere

is it is each past; not a question church 2 of the indusof the nations."all other of hum mor of God. With the handsout of future. of the question a

This providential protection is a try there should be a corresponding privilege that each generation must The blessings of heaven will come activity in religion. If this nation is

earn for itself. Dr. Thomas Nixon as fully and freely to a deserving to seek safety in the providential

Carver has written of those who nation today as they have in times prophecies made regarding its trihave put themselves in harmony with past. God is as much concerned with umph there must be a spiritual reGod and have thus become "the the prosperity of the righteous as armament commensurate with the

children of God": He has ever been. America must rematerial.

They must not think that they hold this member that the Lord is bound A short time before Thomas A.

position by any permanent tenure. It is a when we obey, but our disobedience Edison passed away he gave exprestenure that must be earned through sucnullifies all promises. In like mansion to this philosophy.

generation.cessful every competition by this A ner, nagreat Christian upon further let will us not advance much God that it has earned imagines whichpeople

It spiritually. until rests tion catch challenge the materially of up America we itself all find will for this position and once

all is that nature of a fundamental law acts that Christian its to inheritour prove of by dispossessed ruthlesslymost in balance. any forces kept be must When arises people another whoance whenever

is a off there tangent, force a goes on Carver, Having, Nixon Religion Worth 2Thomas smash. 106. 6870, 75. 93. 45:63, pp. Covenants 1 Doctrine and

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1942

ride forth of salvation in the chariot shall the outcast dispersed to bring Jews andSPIRITUAL REARMAMENT AND MORAL DEFENSE

... himself. to the President wings, with unto Calvin Coolidge said of shadowing

west, in the the of suppliants God IsraelMay religion: the of hosts, the of the Lord power of Mount name hid wings, with the in land be shadowing

I do not know of any source of power other of Zion."in that day of the Lord's anger. May they

than that which comes from religion. I do This early work is so striking that be found in the chambers of his protection,

faithfully overpast; until indignation the be for of our support adequate not know any to paragraphs quote show a few we

present his bring to the direction obeying of that except which form government this in Chrishigh the esteem which to the peeled, scattered of the people and If religion. there are genfrom anycomes tian minister the held land of Amerthe hosts, of the of the Lord of place name failures eral the in of enforcement the law,

it is because there have been general failica: Mount Zion. (Pages 245, 268)

ures in the disposition to observe the law.

I can conceive of no adequate remedy for Ye friends of God in the land addressed; The words of Paul are doubly

the evils which beset society except through can you read this prophetic direction of the significant at this tragic time. To the

ancient Isaiah, without prophet having your religion. of the influence Saints in Ephesus he wrote this hearts within burn exalts here you? God is of education which will no form There information: you, in the last the days, terror of age and treasured fail, is there of government formnot no

blood, as high as the to standard be raised... Lord, in the is strong brethren, fail, rethere be that will not form of no My

for collection the the of seed of Abraham, might. in of his the fail. will power and must not Redemption whichward

... the mountains. on that ye the is armour of God, whole the on sacrifice Put sacrifice, and throughcome

It will religion. ofessence be of untold GodChristiansthat it is intheirourhappyland lotmayto livewell inblessthis themaydevil.be able to stand against the wiles of if comprehensionbenefit there is a broader

land this with shadowing wings; protecting against flesh and wrestle not For we public a conthe and this principleof by

realm, of liberty religion; an asylum and principalities, against against but a blood, the this crusade of preaching tinued by

clergy. land so distant from the rest of antiChrist powers, against the rulers of the darkness

and of the judgments to be thundered down of this world, against spiritual wickedness old corrupt on last the in establishments places. in high said that what has preacher One

their days. to gratitude devout heaven And arthe take whole unto you Wherefore is a "moralthis most needs country rise, to for ought the blessing of having able to withthat be of ye God, may mourearthquake,"their existence all, the period so near alluded having done in the evil and day, stand

to in prediction, this sublime when stand. this land to honesty. The of common A revival of liberty is beginning to feel her destiny therefore, having your loins girt Stand had its.. weak-.Victorian may have Age

immortal did produce annesses, but it citizens. crop2 wishingtablishmentsimmunitiesof tyrannycomparedandwithcorruptionthe esaboutplate ofwithrighteousness;truth, and having on the breastsolid statesmen, andof thinkers,

in the old continent. And your feet shod with the preparation

The religious complacency and We may rejoice to have our earthly lot of the gospel of peace;

with of a people such honorable menall, shield whom of faith, the taking Above conceit, the passive,selfsatisfied is tion spirit the prophetic all of made by able shall to quench be old; wherewith ye mustspiritual inertia of this country to and so noble is assigned. a work whom wicked. fiery darts the of the

be supplanted with religious concept Our children coming upon the stage may And take the helmet of salvation, and the which will arouse people as John the live to see the meaning and fulfilment of sword of the Spirit, which is the word of this is prophetic rich chapter, which most God: JerusaBaptist them aroused when

fail sentiment of supac- will not and which all prayer with and always Praying forth wentlem and all Judea thereto hear incomplishment. the Spirit, watching in and plication

him. all argument found in this sacred The great with unto 4 perseverance and supplication address, saints. to induce the to a compliance with for all

Another minister has challenged duty demanded, is the terror of the days the vitality of orthodox Chrisof vengeance of eastern corrupt nations; When God threshes the nations,

to which of seems imply degree good some to continue the wicked and maketianity in these bold words.

in case, exemption our and our happy own inthe wicked, upon the war may for the business assigned. Christianity Orthodox has more ecclesileisure Heaven

astical power, more creedal power, more will show despotic nations, and old corrupt habitants of this choice land be power to compel obedience to priests and empires, the difference between them and a worthy of the protection God has authorities; more power to alarm people land shadowing with wings; a happy asypromised to the righteous.

with threats of hell in another world, and lum of liberty and religion in the west.

to cause them to make efforts "to flee from Rejoice, then, ye distinguished people in *Ephesians 6:1018.

the wrath to come"; more power to cause your birthright, and engage in the work

men to make outward profession and show by Heaven assigned.... The wings ofof religion; more power to cause people to your continent have long borne him (the The Church Moves On

build up large and powerful denominations Indian) in his banishment. Let now the (Concluded from page 457)

liberty, of wings your compassion and erect to churches great imposing andand B. Va.; Kenneth New Martinsville, W. retreat, blessed hear him from his dreary costly cathedrals, and eleborate withand Taylor, Louise WilSalt Lake City; Marie

the to wilds of temple God. ceremonials, stately so as andadornments liams, LaGrande, Oregon; Ralph Vernon

addressed people favored are highly the The impress, dominateto overawe, and Seattle, Gulbransen, Washington; Mary

.. if of tribes of the the ancient God. their. And supposed magnificencepeople and by Hiatt, Utah; Afton R. Payson, Raymond

last at are to Lord recovered be prevent an to thus byauthority, gain power and Martin, Samaria, Idaho; H. Preston Whiteindependent thinking, and to transform men agency well devoted by a land shadowing head, St. George, Utah; Clara L. Atwood,

into mental slaves and weak believers of with wings, this rich prophetic imagery is Tridell, Utah; Preston LeRoy Atwood, Triwhatever they are taught to believe. certainly very honorable to the nation addell, Utah; Leonard Smith, Georgetown,

Utah; Jensen,

Afton In 1825, Ethen Smith published a dressed.on earth Andcan, fromprobablyits nationalno othercharacter,nation Idaho;Myrl Long,Lamar Preston,Mary Gardner,Idaho; Armbook titled View of the Hebrews in the excellency of its government and its strong Smith, Robin, Idaho.

which he set forth his opinion that local situation, lay so good a claim to this Spanish American: Royce S. Bringhurst,

characteristic. eagle American The Salt Utah; Murray, Louis Melvin Coombs, Isaiah is the land whichAmerica had inspiredis in civilized well the world. a term known City; Gleue, Lake William Henry Salt Lake

in the "tops of spoke he mind when to nation has so no other good a right And Salt City; Melvin City; Done, Lake Har- J.

of the mountains"and other choice this honor. old Jorgen Nielson, Salt Lake Gty.

localities which were to be divinely May the people addressed by the prophet Texas: Lloyd Earl Heder, Los Angeles,

Isaiah to performance a diligent awake of California; William Vernal, Howard, H. in exprotected days. the last He rich assigned them. the duty Here is a Zina B. Vernal, Utah; Howard, Utah.

that "the belief land thepressed of together being with opportunity workers States: Merrill Littledike, Western Don

shadowing with wings"frequently God in a business which will excite the atTrenton, Utah; Maxine Andrus, Holladay,

mentioned by Isaiah, has reference tention of heaven and earth.... Wo will Utah; Dale C. McDonald, Idaho Falls,

to America, "the sequestered land betemerityto themto whoplaceshallthemselveshave the beforeunbelief theor Utah;Idaho; ElaineJulian Jorgensen,C. Lowe, PleasantSalt LakeGrove,City;

3 77ie Religious Press Digest, Oct., 1935, p. 55. wheels of divine providence when Christ Jay U. Macfarlane, Riverside, Utah.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1942

THE ABSTRACTED INDIAN TRUST BONDS ( Continued from page 43 1 Where it had been the practice to necessary supplies for the departmore than six million dollars were disbelieve the United States army had ment. On November 29, 1860, a

tributed a to influence with votes view this war, a holy visitor upon in embarked was to see came Mr. Edward

the of Representatives the LeHouse upon for profiteers obtain but to Bates. a means Bates, to Mr. be was who bill. lesser the ones, of suchcompton Some

profit fighting a of the a prophet by attorney for general LinAbraham foras those furnishing mules, dragoonhorses, and forage were granted arbitrarily Lord. As the previously quoted coln the following March, recorded

to relatives or friends of members who were writer of the Atlantic Monthly this visit in his diary:

principal question. thatwavering upon The stated:

... allcontract, that for the of transportation 29, Colonel November [1860] G.

his only encumbered The Utah War... just S. for A.,the H. the involving, supplies Crossman, 1858, year from U. Utah

its administration, policy neither promoting called to half,the see so. sat millions of or four and hour a an amount and me

... it its his prosperity nor and became talks abt. plainly granted, advertisement the or without adm[inistrasub- verywas He

it the quieted the that sooner opinon was tio]n todivision, firm especially in Missouri, exiled a Floyd, western Secy who better for the the of Democratic welfare to distinguished the him themgenerallywhose says had members Utah and army party, held responsible which be would effortselves the in slave to favored there a change, so a corKansas make was much all its in for the mistakes country manbystate, to liberally in contributed ruption the detyranny and administration] and now the us "After deluge"seemed agement. electionfray the the of of expenses the army. Demoentire the as of to the adopted motto becratic party.8 told e. that before sent he He was me—i. administration.10 of the policy

[s] to out while Utah, and he ary commis was

These two hypotheses, arrived at And so the term of President here [St. Louis], Langen came to him with

order to furnish an Secy. from Floyd didindependently, to much There were went its way. Buchanan to large ho[r]ses all a and corn the amount thatstrengthen not the belief many into occasional sporadic attempts that for the in might needed be Utah army ethicalexactly used methods were tersituation in bushel. into cents pr. quire the at 98 then Utah buywas He

in the department of war at this time. ritory. The secretary of war in his ing freely at 53. He expressed his surLater in the year, 1858, in June to annual report to the president for prise etc[..] Langen then said that it was

that the lose he must known on money exact, the notified presidentbe Conagain in mentioned 1859, 1858, and horses furnish to at he which a was $150 that federalgress the government in basin that people the the great that Secy. Floyd wonder wanted head. No

and the Church of Jesus Christ of still resented the presence of the Colonel Crossman out of the way.11

setSaintsLatter-day amicably had troops. people detested most The little, little So, pieces the of bytled their differences. to According in States long the wondered United the that jigsaw puzzle long behasa correspondent of the York New to the remain continued troops why fall into place. historian wildered the rethis informationTribune, was territory. in Presinot Utah Had picentire the Doubtless day some is "It derisive laughter.ceived with official in stated, dent an Buchanan ture will of intrigue to brought be virtual thea that acknowledgment that to assembled, report Congress, light. this that writer most The itmillions that spent were he on had friction the the discord between and 9 is to to give suggestive hopes do needlessly."wasted States the had United and Mormons to future ideas scholar. some this periodical famous Though settled? amicably been the administration of President As first start the to the debunkingwas It secthat stated the has been its to closing Buchanan came monthsexpedition of crusade BuMr. or quarterthe retary of through war it. fell trouble disgrace and upon followed.chanan, others soon office lax rather master's been had

o[ Edward Bates, WashingExpedition"eBrown, Utah "The in Atlantic in the methods by which he secured ton.UE.1934,Bates,p. 160.The Diary

478. April. 1859, pageMonthly.

BNetv York Daily Tribune. New York, June 1, 1859 10Brown, op. cit.. p 479. (To be concluded)

SERVICE TO THE SIGHTLESS

(Continued from page 438] after they have selected the material, not charge for the magazines, they in is utilize the stereable to to insert the plates are brass permit a from gone, factorily. they had When the imprint postal States and department United machine and determinedly and otypeBrother Talmage

print Braille mail a letto blind postage dots without them on them. To to and, himselfprayerfully put work

sightless, did what the seeing exter on a brass plate, the blind printer persons and to schools and libraries perts were unable to do. puts his fingers on the correct keys for the blind throughout the world. and then presses a foot lever. This To satisfy the inward hungerings

forces little steel pins against the of these many readers, Church memTn spite of his mechanical ability, plate and leaves their impressions bers and nonmembers alike, the

Brother Talmage has not been able there. When the wrong keys are blind printer selects a wide variety

to work alone. His patient wife, unpushed it is necessary to "erase"the of material for publication in the

til her death ten years ago, helped dots with a hammer and a punch. Messenger to the Sightless. The Sohim select material for the magazine, For printing, Brother Talmage and ciety for the Aid of the Sightless, at

sat by his side and slowly dictated his sister now fasten two brass plates whose meetings in Salt Lake City to him while he stereotyped, assisted at a time in the press and print the Brother Talmage makes reports, rehim with the printing, and addressed Braille letters from them into the spects his and his sister's judgment the magazines. Since his wife's twentytwo and onehalf by twelve and makes the selection of material

their largely rethen for the magazine of paper. sheets Theydeath, Brother Talmage's widowed inch

of sponsibility. pages sheets, pages last few fold the making two Of the

sister, Sarah Patten, has kept house each, and hang them on racks to dry. of each magazine they make a refor him and assisted him with the When they are dry the printers staquest section, which is very popular

numerous steps in publishing the ple the thirty or so pages of each with the readers, their favorite pomagazine. magazine together and pack them in ems and hymns being printed thereThe first step which they take, tubelike cartons. Because they do in.

TRAVELER'S MOTOR LODGE 1481 SOUTH STATE COURT Strictly Modern SERVICE TO THE SIGHTLESS SALT LAKE'SNew andOUTSTANDING MOTOR

Air Conditioned not print publisher Blind only does the Church members can Summer—AutomaticNot

Furnally Heated Winter—Beautifullyin to request, the but readers the read he only the Messengerwhat ished With Carpetedin Floors and Colored

teaches, in many cases by corresSightless, but they can also read the BETTERTile THANShowers,THERadiosBEST FreeHOTELS pondence, prospective readers to Book of Mormon and the Bible, FOR LESS read Braille. At a conference in which are printed in Louisville, KenCache Valley in Utah, his brother, tucky, by the American Printing

the late Elder James E. Talmage, House for the Blind. This nonprofit

met a blind woman who wished very institution, in addition to printing LOS ANGELESmuch to read the Messenger to the numerous books in Braille, issues FDREMDBT HOTEL &\Rs includperiodicals, so regularlySightless, to unable but do many was ALEXANDRIA course, ing Digest, her the Reader's of sense not touchbecause was Of

RATES t'ROMFROM41 periodicals to her to books printed enable S3.S2 50SOitDOUBLESENGLBCARAOt read and in DOWNTUWNkeen enough

the Braille characters. She said that Braille require much more paper Recognized Utah Headquarters in

she might be able to recognize the than do those printed for people who Los Angeles letters if the dots of which they are can see. The Book of Mormon is CLAYTON V. SMITH, Managing Director

made were as large as pigeon eggs. printed in seven volumes, each of Formerly oi Salt Lake City

When Elder Talmage spoke of this which is about twelve inches wide, woman to his blind brother, the latter fourteen inches long, and four inches sent her some Braille lessons with thick.

letters made of extra large dots, and Church members who realize how before long she was able to read the enthusiastically their blind brothers ALLYEAR TRAINING magazine. and sisters run their finger tips over

Readers from all over the world Braille dots to obtain spiritual guidwrite letters of appreciation to ance will be more appreciative of the FOR SERVING ABLY

Brother Talmage to thank him for opportunities which they have to forthe the gospel of the Society merely by"moving the Aid learn work president, Sightless pages.of the over printed their eyes and its These IN THE WAR EFFORT

Elder George Albert Smith, in makmembers will realize to a fuller exing it possible for them to read the tent how deeply the Church is conwords of Church leaders and to recerned with the spiritual, mental, ceive their inspiration. One boy told physical, and temporal welfare of its

the national oi Keenly aware think of the of they the contents members. the magazinehow When leadtechnically trained for need printer the blind as being devotion with which himhad impressed some of B. Y. workers, U. has musers and

the most inspirational material that publishes the Messenger to the tered its manpower and all other he had ever read. It helped him to Sightless, they will be more eager to resources for allyear aid in the

realize the importance of the Church accept the opportunities which they war effort.

and encouraged him to be active in themselves have for work in the Specially adapted or new its work. Church. courses are available in agriculture and conservation; stenography, bookkeeping, office machines, etc.; mathematics and

UTAH'S FIRST JULY 24th CELEBRATION physicaldio, meteorology,sciences, includingaeronautics,ra- (Continued from page 435) there is one foot in at the present moment. etc.; home economics, mechanic

It is Mormonism that has brought us here. arts and pre -engineering; prethe anniversary, reading on other submedical training, andYoung the 4th of do we not celebrate Why

value. of emergency is jects Liberty,"which was of Independence"Ode to also July?,., The Declaration

it just to as as precious today twenty was me the music to sung youngput and by enlist in the Young men may it that validity the ago. not same days Hassingers. called or to Air the Naval Corps was Young John Army

it is it in as 1776, good not today had at college work do it Reserve andthe Rich spoke with C. C. stand and this choose ago? days twenty day was Weas B. service Y. U. deferred a on

littlebriefly, latter the that the enreviewing our a might bread have on we officerships for basis, preparing tables. the bread, cusee can Today we into valPioneers of the thetrance to nation. service the greater and beets, that could have cumbers, not and weley. Presitrain for also Kimball C. Heber and Young women may there as seen ago. twenty days Inasmuch

efficient service. wartime latter spoke. thendent Young The I are strangers in midst, our you some want

rejoiced with these words, given onto give them their dinner, for they rejoice ly in part: to see us happy, and I say they are welcome, heartily welcome.

It is two years ago this day since I arvalley. in this Prattrived and. Orson told story, a Phelps W. W, (Second Term) QUARTER folSUMMER of others great.. withDr. Richards a number after music, lowed which by band

the cutting the through roadshad been 29 July 27 - August intermission. there an hour's was spelt [note with canyon "k"],kanyons

while I was sick on Weber river; I met with Brother Grant requested all bishopsthem there between 4 and 5 in the afternoon to gather their inhabitants and march AUTUMN REGISTRATION

this day. commemorate weand now tables. dinner. with them to the SevSeptember 25, 26, 28

oldest, of the whitest.. years ago manyTwo Saints "dined eral thousand sumptubefore me, of andheaded men some now

the young men, were bearing the flag of ously"on the fruits of the earth, proStates triumphantly through the the United hands, duced and by their own sevBrigham Young University States of has preKimball Mexico. Mr. eral emigrants of the hundreds who

pestilence, there diswar,dicted..be. would

tress, and trouble; it's true, gentlemen; it's were in the valley were guests of Provo, Utah

even at the door of the nations of the honor. A company who came in

earth; there is the rapping at the door and ( Concluded on page 472

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1942

Dr. Kellogg's Health Rules UTAH'S FIRST JULY 24th CELEBRATION

(Concluded from page 426) {Concluded from page 471 toast was forwarded to the stand by overweight. overeating of and a 9. Beware number Following R. Eliza Snow. dismounted, dinner the were during drinks. tea, cola coffee, or10. no Use Irish sang the band, Kay John asby tables, of at the and beverages.11. alcoholic one placed Drink no Pratt P. Parley songs. humorous12. tobacco. no Use of recepthe at the tonished warmth with an speeches day's the closed pints of three water daily. or13. four Drink score three or tion. two were There af14. bowel movement a complete Secure religious freedom. for plea eloquent

present. Indians of meal. ter each very spoke again President Young exercise or each15. hard enough work Do blessing. Followhis briefly giving led the again the 3:15 band At perspiration. fatigue to produce and day

16. Learn to relax physically and mentally. procession around the vast asseming "Home Sweet Home"the con17. Sleep eight hours every night. blage singing songs, and then meetgregation arose and was dismissed

recreation.18. regular Take Taylor. again with John M. by commenced fret19. to and worry. Keep ing conquer Learn

it is recorded "not a footnote, a numberJ. speaking, following As Grant optimistic. cheerful, sweet, and

20. Serve God and humanity with singleby the choir. W. W. Phelps then an oath was uttered, not a man inness of purpose and ardency of spirit. read twentyfour toasts given by the toxicated, not a disturbance or jar

twentyfour bishops (on record), occurred to mar the union, peace, and and at the conclusion an impromptu harmony of the day."

THE ADVERTISERS and Where You Will Find Their Messages TURNING POINT Milling Albers 455 (Continued from page 429) added, "It's a d n filthy habit. Hotel -471 Alexandria

AllisChalmers -475 then returned to the group without the best you can say for it."

Creameries Sunfreze Arden..475 uttering a word. They gave no answer to my Life Insurance Beneficial Co

Back Cover The answer I received to my inrepeated invitation to join with the

Brigham Young University 471 vitation was from the man standing group then assembling for another 452 Brighton I. A. Girls Home M. First the group. he meeting. center of in the

451 Borden Company the ground. tobacco spat upon He 473 Oil Continental Co On my return to the place of

Deseret News Press 478 stood with a longbladed jackknife meeting, I noticed a man past mid450 Faultless Starch Co in slowly whittling his hand in foot sitting one a buggy; a dle age 426 FelsNaptha Soap presented stick. His companions and hung with bandages bound was.455 Friskies

Fuller & Co 479 the same picture, but made no efresting over the dashboard. The

the release pressure fort or to speak 453 Milling Grain Globe & Co there placed a young by buggy was 453 the In Gospel Net their as in looked mouths, which posithe selected had woman, who...452 Standards Gospel lodgement found had though an egg in the tion could shade be he where 472 Hall's Canker Remedy invitato there. answer my The 477 speakers. the hear H. Heinz, seen and J. Co and also'

Hovey Press 422 tion for them to partake of the food As I approached, the sun was shining

International Harvester 419 don't believe was, "You Mormons directly him upon him, making Inside Back Cover KSL tobacco, in using do you?"I lifted the uncomfortable. very 474 College L. D. S. Business

Levi Strauss 421 I answered, "We believe that shafts and drew the buggy into the 455 (Breakfast Linda Cup) Loma I tree, that remarking the of is shade for man."not tobacco good 452 (Ruskets) Linda Loma be more thought he would much 454 P. Pectin C. M. finished one hardly I had when possibly could comfortable and 445 Macmillan Co of us said, become would "What Fuel Supply Mountain better. answer. hear gave no He if in beeveryone the South people.: Inside Front Cover

Palace Hotel 420 lieved that?"After the meeting, the man whom

Biscuit 417 Purity Company to approached and first spoken I had gained information I had The....454 Baking Royal Company for to that I go requested his home re476 Typewriter reading the government Royal through Co

"I night. the want to know He said, Stores Safeway instantly flashed through 424 ports my Church."420 Saltair about your Beach Corp more some

I to give these proceeded mind.......423 Standard Oil Co

this that I must leave I told that picture, which showed man men this 476 Hotel Square Temple

Traveler's Motor Lodge 471 growing tobacco impoverished the that night to reach Indianapolis, the

Pacific 417 Stages Union meeting. profits next Rotary therefrom land, that their place of my

422 Engraving Utah Company a missionary, for ferStanding was hardly to pay enough by me 421 were Refining Co. Utah Oil

Utah Poultry Producers'Ass'n....451 tilizer to put into the ground, in the so I suggested that he and his comUtah Power & Light Co.—422 hope that a better crop could be panion would be pleased to go with

produced the following year. I him.

showed how other crops could be President Callis, after having planted and rotated in such manner heard the conversation, announced

IN USE For OVER FIFTY YEARS that through cultivation and proper that another meeting would be held

Aids in treatment of Canker, simple care each would leave something to in threequarters of an hour. Dursore throat and other minor mouth feed some other crop the next year. ing that time I visited again with the

and throat irritations. As I talked to them, the first man other members of the group of three

to address me emptied his mouth of and arranged for missionaries to the tobacco, and then the second, accompany each to his home thatHall's Canker Remedy and just as Brother Callis called, night. Between that time and the

536 East 2nd So.—at Salt Lake City, Utah saying it was time for the next next meeting, President Callis and

meeting, the third followed suit and I were entertained by a member of

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1942

TURNING POINT the Church who lived near where the Snowflake Stake. After the this lady's statement left me in a

the meetings were held. first meeting, held at Joseph City, greater state of confusion. To clear

After the third meeting, while Arizona, Saturday morning, a young the situation I asked for a more dewaiting for my train, President woman greeted me and asked me if I tailed statement which she gave as

Callis told me that he had notified remembered her. I replied that her follows

the elders to scour the countryside features were familiar, but I could "After the meeting held that day spreading the word that I would not remember her name or where I I hitched the horse to the buggy and attend their meetings, and that the had met her. She asked if I rememdrove Father home. The next mornelders had been notified that if bered leaving the meeting place on ing when I arose I found Father

meetings were held I would go the hillside in Kentucky and going sitting in his chair on the front away with a coat of tar and feathto a little white house with green porch. I prepared breakfast, called

ers. Because of this warning he shutters, there partaking of ice Father and the other children (there

had been greatly concerned when I cream and cake. The picture came were seven of us; we lost our mothleft the main group to converse with to me afresh. She then introduced er several years before). Father

the three men, and again when the me to another young lady and requested that I take his meal to first of this group requested that I asked if I remembered drawing a him; after eating he requested that

go to his home with him. Presibuggy into the shade to make the our dogs be tied and gave no reason

dent Callis said each time he had occupant more comfortable. I for such a request. It seemed

made an effort to warn me and stop answered, "I shall never forget that strange to me, for he had trained them, should they attempt to get occasion."our two dogs to drive missionaries

me away from the group, he had a Then she said, "I want you to from the place. For several days

feeling come to him that I would meet the young woman who drove the dogs were kept tied to their be protected, but he added, "I have the buggy and occupant to that kennel. Father took his chair on

been very uneasy until now, fearplace."the porch early in the morning and

ing that they might waylay us on I was somewhat confused for I remained there until after dark; his

the road back to the train, and that had been told after the meeting in meals were taken to him. One day

is why I wanted to get well on our Kentucky that the man occupying two Mormon missionaries stopped way before dark."that buggy was there not because at our gate; they seemed to be enhe was interested in us or our meetgaged in discussion, then they start-

A few years after this incident, I ing, but was interested in seeing the ed to go on their way. Father

was attending a conference of tar and feathers applied, therefore, (Concluded on page 474)

tiLll ''':JSi 'jii:: '''''Jin "

mm urns'/ormaremme

M-mrWmwim FOR THE DURATION of your car... Don't depend on

spasmodic and hurried stops for gasoline to have your tires and car checked.

Join my once- a-week club. Choose one day each week to bring in your car.

I will check and properly inflate your tires, check oil, radiator, and battery.

I will look for and report anything beyond this that appears to need attention.

I will keep a careful record of greasing and oil change and remind you when these services are needed. I am here to help you get the maximum service

and life from your car at the least possible cost and trouble to you.

fym/MzfsMtJa*

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1942 "L. D. S. Training Pays!"TURNING POINT

(Concluded from page 473) in Salt Lake City. I told him of

called to them, giving them an invithis experience at Joseph City. He

in. They hesitated answered, "I thought I told you all FOR GOVERNMENT OR tation to come

for a short time, then opened the about that, but you have only part gate and came to the house. Father of the story. You remember the

E kept them with us night and day for three men you conversed with out several days, time during which he in following the the mornwoods Start questions Your Business asked the Church, about

I ing of session meetings?"our its practices, Fiteachings. and Training Now.

I it picture that a answered was all nally baptized, were and we we of the Here forget. should stated are two not many He then in students are Arizona."now living

us: recently joined have who the joined of them had that two after returning from this Soon

Snowflake conference I met PresChurch, and the other had exident Callis at a general conference pressed his desire to join also.

THE ARIZONA APOSTLE

(Continued from page 432) he had seen and heard as to the final viewing the scenery, much of which is destiny of the Latterday Saints and of grand. The grade in some places is the American people."

two hundred fortythree feet to the "About 9 a. m. [the next day] the

mile. The elevation at Cumbres is ten following party left to visit the Lamanthousand one hundred feet high. This ites: Brigham Young, Lot Smith, A. S.

is pretty high to run a railroad. A perFarnsworth, Warren M. Johnson, Brigson sees most of the scenery twice on ham F. Duffin, Alonzo Foutz, Joseph

account of the road winding so much. H. Richards, Thomas W. Brockbank,

There was one house on the road that and myself. We had two fourhorse

we passed three times. I could not keep teams and five riding animals. We

track as to when we were going north, traveled about eighteen miles and south, east, or west."camped at Tokisjah (Scattering WaWanda Mangum ters). The day was pleasant but was

Miss Wanda Mangum is the daughter of Brother Young and Father were hard traveling as the sand was quite

Mr. of Mrs. Bloomfield, Joe and Mangum, disappointed they reached when Andeep. I rode a mule all day."

to Mexico. She from the comes us New tonio to find to meet them. no one is visit Aztec This School. High her second

to City; years Salt Lake two she took ago night they at an camped That the conductor to take asked

at a short of They course the School McCune this village. place he writes Of Music. miles further to a point them six opHopi

posite Manassa. There they left "I have been in many places where

the train, and after walking a short there was a good echo, but never found distance Father persuaded Brother one so good as that at our camp this

Young to wait while he walked to evening. There were three distinct

President Silas Smith's who "took a echoes each time we called; the last

team and started at once for Brother echo was the best and a sentence of

Young and our traps."eight or ten words could be heard disAt President Smith's there were tinctly. "We named the place 'Camp

letters from home, three from mother Echo."

and two from grandmother. He

writes: In the morning they had a long

talk with the Navajo Chief Peason "These letters were read with much Nez (Long Neck) "informing him interest. Thirtythree days away from that we had come to visit and inhome and no letters makes a fellow struct the Indians, and that the Lord

fully appreciate them. My little girl had instructed us to tell them to be

Rachel makes my wife write a few honest, truthful, and not to fight, words for her and enclose in each letetc."

ter."On March 3, C. L. Christensen,

Nadine Wilburn Letters traveled a slow route in "the best Indian talker in this section joined country, the our party."

it those days, Febof and was not until Miss of Nadine Wilburn, daughter Mr. and continues: the story then And Mrs. J. H. Wilburn, Texarkana, Arkansas, ruary 19 that anxiously awaited an is a graduate of Sacred Heart Academy. A

L. S. of is the D. member Church, enletter she from Grant told Grandmother jourstarting after "Shortly on our first joying visit to her Salt City. Lake birth of the of his third daughter. rain. After to ney, had it began girls we are Both pleased with are Utah and

here. happy glad to work We five rain miles the traveled turned about welcome other neware students in them—andtheir they Arireached "IThen Tuba, miles then more, to and snow. we school, Ten whereall welfare student—to VV first. comesthis 26th, zona, 1883, February tent of with a kind two camped. Made

for of Write our "Bulletin Information."first their the meeting with covers."extra was held wagon

Lamanites L.D.S. BUSINESS COLLEGE On the next morning he writes: "This afternoon we had an Indian

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH named Lehi relate to us a number of "It was so stormy we did not travel dreams. There was much truth in what today. Our tent did not turn off all of

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1942

The Arizona Apostle

the storm and some of the brethren gotwet through last night. We spent the iJVEST EGGday (Sunday) reading and singing."'that hatches twice!

Of the following day's experience he writes:

"As we camped, two or three of the brethren rode to the Oriba village. They

returned in time for dinner and informed us that the Indians were going to have one of their big foot races.

The Moqui or Hopi chief, Tuba, returned with Brother Christensen and took dinner with us. He is a memberof the Church and from all I can learn 125 PRIZES

of him he is a very good old man. We For the Best Letters of 100 Words or Less on

dinner ourrushed so could get we to "WHY FARMERS SHOULD BUY WAR BONDS'in villagethe time see the finish to of race. startedthe only had and We

fighting dollars It takes to win the rodswalked a few saw when we.. dollars at war. and what good mad this 1st PRIZEIndians coming. estimatbrethren The at Pearl to our boys Harhappened

ed the Indian runners at from one hunbor. No real American wants his $1,000 WAR BOND,-

dred to one hundred and eight. I cash to lie idle, handcuffed to things plus a tour for the winner and one other

thought there were about one hundred he doesn't really need while our member of the family, all expenses paid.

in lonely faroff soldiers jungles dietwentyfive. were naked with They See the big AllisChalmers factory where at for lack preparedness of breechcloths.the exception of The of victory home. weapons Visit are made. Great

taken Farmers have America into dividedparty of companies was Lakes Training Naval Station and, war before. AllisChalmers the top I over to twentyfive nearly as asfrom ten conditions permitting, cruise as guest that believes again they can do disjudge.could company Each was nest of honor aboard of boat. away a egg a navy by it WAR particulartinguished design by some It's every a market day. BONDSlayingpainted upon their bodies, arms, and nest egg that will hatch fWee... guns 2nd PRIZE #1,000 War Bond.

. bells,legs. obtain could as in-.. rainyday As many bombers now and 3rd PRIZE in Stamps. other #500 122 War—later for on. In cooperayou comevarying from a cowbell down, had them prizes to in from #400 stamps. bonds and #10 the S. Treasury tion with Depart- U. their to persons.attached

"Each company was kicking a ball enterment, theAllisChalmers"Winthe-WarurgesBondyouConto HOW TO ENTER living is a Anyone eligible farm on distinguishing Allisexceptwhich had tell some mark help test". other it now Do—

Chalmers employees dealers their families. and and it. farmers theypainted can how winning on company The c-2 List serial the a of number registered in Bond War [ia Btmii their plant livJihP> money that ball the the kept ahead. onewas your name. entry Obtain Allisblank your from

it I will where, T,r. grow dealer, Chalmers write EEs or quite factory address ball large as not as below. wasThe

into Victory a Crop! Entry blank not required to win. Contest closes fist in casesa P man's and some made TO 0f1T> MORE

15. September entries to Submit AllisChalmers,

the stone. pick Indianof would An Dept. Milwaukee, 83, Wis.

ball up on his foot and throw it with fSLLfSCHflLEVlERSIt B C I B. Dl V I s ro N M I LWft U K E E u. s.

as little trouble, and if anything, with more ease than a man could with his hand. The distance run was estimated

at from eight to twelve miles. When

the runners passed us, they were within half or three quarters of a mile from the outcome. They were running with

perfect ease and going from seven to eight miles an hour. I considered this

wonderful because they were kickinga ball and had been running eight or f...

ten miles through the sand. It was a

to a large number see suchgrand sight think FOR Vitality, too I don't ease. with suchmoving

I ever saw anything in the shape of a race that could equal it.""Handling a 2-ton lathe is no sissy's job...

and believe me, mister, I'm no sissy when I stuff its to see the got for milk me ask... letter to mother, dated In a March

shift."8 hour through an writes:21st, Father for Workyourself America's Learn War why

Arden. Milk

. for milk of ask pure good, ers drink is EraFeaturedCookingat I think villages are Improvement for of "The Moqui glass. MILK. a HOMOGENIZED lotsARDEN Schools.

about the only places that have not been lasting vitality, finer flavor and health.

mentioned in my letters. There are

seven of them, all of which we visited.

Talked in five of them. The inhabitants

with some few exceptions were perfectDrink flRDEH IT1ILK for Health ly indifferent as to what we had to say.

I am pleased to say that some listened ARDEN SUNFREZE CREAMERIES with marked attention and promised to {Continued on page 476)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1942

THE ARIZONA APOSTLE not thicker be pathan It would ( Continued from page 475 much TAKE CARE per. said the of that boys Some

follow our advice. We preached but tasted very good. It is mostly madeit OF YOUR little on the principles of the gospel on of corn and properly speaking should

account of the inability of the inhabibe called corn bread. I am fond of

corn bread but wishing to not rob those that said in our party the Indian TYPEWRITER tantsmeaningto understandof them. Weor comprehendinstructed themthe corn

You NEED your typewriter! to be honest, to stop stealing, to clean bread or pica was very good, I did not

But the Government, the armed up their villages, etc. eat any...."

war supplies need typewriters "These villages are the filthiest places too! I have ever been in. The streets are The two days following they visfull of filth of all kinds. The houses ited the Moquis, Chapaulahwee,

That's all right... you can are built of rock and mud from one Movshanch Honno, Shechumgemomake your typewriters last longto four stories high and have flat roofs. ba and Walkpit villages:

er by letting us take care of The entrance is from the top of the first them. Call us today. Our Royalstory. To get in the first story you go "Honno is the cleanest village of the

trained and Royal - approved down a ladder. From the top of the seven. Palaca is the chief at the Honno

service will make your typewritfirst story, you get on the others by Village. He is one of the most intellileading or ladders the top from I gent Indians met. ever Talks have... steps ers easier smoother run and

first the story. of talking the to When several quite well. languages house His servicless will require they and people, get of would one on the we clean, chairs, nice lookwas had some ing repairs. fewer and of highest the houses. found etc., Wetop all ing glass, the appearance and

Call us, too, for Roytype ribplenty of filth on the roofs of the houses of the dwelling of a white man; the

streets. as well as in four the The walls bons whitewashed; and carbon were the floor was paper—made story as high houses are about two as a canvas. with covered and guaranteed the Royal by

Typewriter Company. story adobe dwelling in Salt Lake. "Continued our journey; reached

"The Oriba Village was built by the Mannelito's camp about two o'clock.

Royal Typewriter hundredHopi Indiansyearsandold, isthesupposedother sixtovillagesbe six Thegale nearlywind hasall day.been Atblowingtimes therea perfectwas

Company, Inc. wereThe villagesoriginallyare builtall builtby theon topMexicans.of high hardlyso muchseesandfive orflyingsix rodsthat ahead.you could

eight from to twelve hundred Dial South 169 East 3rd Phone 4-3525 bluffs "In the evening we had a talk of feet higher hundred than the surroundSalt Lake City, Utah ing country. They look strange set on something over two hours with Manis one of the first chiefs the top of solid rock. The drinking nelito. He

water has to be carried a great distance. of the Navajo nation. Is a fine looking

Indian; stands about of This is done by the women. Most

is built. well remarkably six feetWehigh,told andhim for other purposes besides the water

drinking has to be carried. They save the object of our visit. He expressed

carrying it sometimes after there has pleasure at meeting us and said that he mm % been a rain and the water in the villages would gladly welcome our missionaries has settled in some low places. This among his people."

they dip up. How would you enjoy

food cooked with rain water that had After their visits to the Indian vilsettled in one of these villages, after lages, Brigham Young, Jr., Father,

to filth Secresent Lot a letter drained Smith the through in the and be having car. VISIT streets? givTeller, tary Washington, D. C, YOUR doubly Menjoying m*lcstaying impositions account "an of some bleby in the took our lunch second "We

that the to practice whites wished 'village visited lunch, In- (our not we * Lake's Salt fm the * oppose Indians the located near Savoie upon ). in dirt located dian walled so were by We.s"Temple, Mormon ous.. if anything asking to could speak. and be that done can Law know Salt You my of heart,he d.>- shoppmg is getting, and got, or for Indians."has stomach very the business give rates low ye* ict- I I strong that outside got tell you when spend to entry, later In -dollars he writes a you

full of of grub, allowance which my save. or

was no small amount, and this without "Continued our journey, reached

HEW 550,000 experiencing any inconvenience on acSunset about four o'clock. About three

COFFEE SHOP count of the surroundings. miles from Sunset as I was riding at a

"I enclose a small piece of bread or gallop my horse fell down. I struck my

pica as they call it, which I trust you left shoulder, and it hurt pretty badly;

I will relish. tell eat with cannot you

I fortunately broken, and no bones were

I it just is as taken have not good how

I injury serious think got the done. no on

I it, any. the and cook saw woman

It to Sunset. rode rained has and wagon this satisfied well equally hunger as my

as if I had partaken. on us a little several times today. We

have traveled about twentyfive miles."

"She had a fire under a flat rock and a bowl a little larger than a china wash

Hotel Temple Spare bowl about twothirds full of unbaked The following thirty days were pica. It looks like thick soup. She spent visiting the Saints and holding

Salt Sots. CUhwould put her hand in the 'soup'and meetings at St. Joseph, Erastus,

CLARENCE L WEST spread it over the rock. In a very few Woodruff, Snowflake, St. Johns,

Manager minutes it would be done and would Omer, Bush Valley, and Navajo. At

peel off the stone as slick as could be. St. Joseph,

The Arizona Apostle "A meeting of the brethren was held to decide on those who were to labor as missionaries among the Lamanites on the Little Colorado. Twelve were

chosen with E. L. Christensen as the

president."

At St. Johns the quarterly conference meetings were held. Another

group of twentyone men was called to labor among the Lamanites. Ernest A. Fretjen was sustained as their

president. Continuing on their journey they visited the Zuni Village,

Navajo Indian reservation. On April

13th, Father writes:

"The wind is still blowing. Kept up

a gale all night. Brother Young and I

slept in our wagon, but it is hard work instead of rest. Snowed during the

night."

Four days later the journal record says:

"About seven o'clock this evening

Brother Brigham Young went to bed feeling quite sick. He had a chill and

some fever and was suffering considerable with rheumatism in his shoulders."

On April 20th, Father writes:

"Spent the day reading and writing. She's A Wise Mother Who Insists On Checking The

We have been talking of going home Flavor, Color And Texture Of The Foods She Serves and taking all things into consideration, Her Youngster!

finally others B. health, Young'samong "jV/TAYBE you're one of those think all women who baby so.concluded question to do The came 1V1 foods taste alike! like We'd to have you compare Heinz going about eveningup home Tuesday Strained Foods with any other brand choose. you at Look since. talked has been aboutand ever

I have stated from the first that to conthe fresh color of Heinz foodnote the smooth, fullbodied sult my own feelings I would say go texture—taste that tempting, wholesome flavor! Heinz 15

on and carry out our program and visit Strained Foods have the natural goodness of finestgrade southern Arizona. I finally concluded fruits, vegetables, meats and cerealsscientifically cooked and

that all of the brethren thought it best vacuumpacked in enamellined tins. Vitamins

for us to return, and I said, 'Let's go and minerals are also retained in high degree.

home.'Although my business needs me

and I will be delighted to go home, I Order a supply of these highquality, readymust say that I dislike starting before toserve foods. See if your baby, too, doesn't

our program has been completed."decide they're delicious!

THESE TWO SEALS MEAN Within six months after returning PROTECTION FOR YOUR to Salt Lake City, Father was back BABY in Arizona country. Oct. 29th, the

day of departure, he writes:

"It is a beautiful morning. Today I

start on a mission of two months to

Arizona. Expect to join my traveling

companion, Brigham Young [Jr.], his wife, and child at Denver. HEINZ

"This morning I arranged with mypartners, Goddard and Wells, that in BABY FOODS case of my death they were to continue the business of our firm and pay oneBACKED BY A 73YEAR QUALITY TRADITION profit until wife, half the to Lucy, my 15 delicious* readyto-serve Strained nutritive 12 highly Junior Foods as time fit to such purchase they saw in protective Foods vacuumpacked mildly unstrained and seasoned—

$4,000."interest formy enamelSitied tins; vitamins to the mindesigned bridge and between gap

He was in St. Johns on Nov. 22nd, erals are retained in high degree! Strained Foods and family meals.

and writes:

(Concluded on page 479) THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1942

SOLUTION TO JUNE PUZZLE Scriptural Crossword PuzzleThe Fourth Commandment "Moreover also I gave them my sabbaths, to be a sign between me and them, that they might know that I am the Lord that sanctify them."-—Ezek. 20: 12.

Bind Your

ACROSS

1 ". 39 Preposition 12: Eccl... 1 Creator"thj now

"life, into enter if thou wilt 41 Article 7 17. the 19: "Matt. commandments LawMagazines... 10 deity Babylonian 43 13: 6 spies twelve of 11 Num. One

Tellurium Peleth; of he revolted -against Moses 44

two years lived here Paul 46 16: 1 Num.

1 Chron. 9: 4 of Judah Descendant 48 state centralNOW is just the time to gather up 1314 SonNorth

bird publications and Black 50 Churchyour 1941 Indies East 15 this commandthrough whom Prophet 25: 3 52 l.Sam. sheepmaster Rich 17 into attractive, them boundhave given was ment Testament book 19 Old

this commandment to people whom volumes. Theconvenient 55 Indians of Pueblo stock 22 A

given was... rest 35:2 "Ex. of "a 24

officer Public."". 11 2 35: Ex. holy an 25 PRICELESS THIS PRESERVE Pronoun 60 mucus. Resembling 26 just,. ", and commandment the and 61 Testament book 27 MATERIAL! New 7: 12 "Rom. good and Conjunction 29

suffix Diminutive 62 fish taking for Fences 30 is small. Note these the costAnd

10: Ezra 34 Bani of Son 33

is 25, 24, 1, 7, Commandment Fourthprices: The contempt Show 35

61 combined and "60, 41, 39, for them room there no because was 37

Improvement Era, per volume..$2.00 in the..."Luke 2: 7

Relief Society Magazine, per 1.50 DOWN volume

8 31: Num. of Midian 31 King to confidence 1 Restore 1.50 "..Instructor,.. the city per volume to down came the Lord 32 are 2 Commandments in"this book 5 11: Gen. "the tower"and son meaning Prefix 3 per volume.. 2.00Children's Friend, officer Army 34 Curse 4

Note 36 2: 8 Deut. of Edom 5 Town

8: 33 1 Chron. of Saul Grandfather 38 31: of Midian in, or mail them, Num. King Bring them 6

Conjunction 8 "40 thirsteth "..., that one every 8

.. at "first to shew learn let them 42 (var.) here baptized 9 John

5: 4 1 Tim. home"TODAY! 10 Edge

Being 45 (Sp.) sash Belt or 12 ""is. needful But 47 the arm of Part 15

Arts and. Sciencething of. Master 49 Permeates 16

7: 7 1 Chron. Benjamite 51 A Hos. of 1: 9 Hosea 18 SonThe Deseret lews Press 8: 12 1 Chron. Benjamin of Town 53 (L.) Christ before year In the 20

sun The 54 antelope Indian 21 Street 29 Richards

Preposition 56 23 Yes Salt Lake City, England state "58 New... smoking "Ex. 20: 18 and the Utah 26

28 "and mount... was altogether on a 59 Pronoun

smoke"Ex. 19: 18

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1942

THE ARIZONA APOSTLE KEEP 'EM SHINING!

the steps finHere's or cement. All) (Concluded page from trip to Evidently another Arizona Woodenish. on. Scuffs to can't Tough. walk Made old today. years "Twentyseven for writes: contemplated, he was colors! cheerful choice hurt it. Big of quite a of and ups had Have number

the during twentyseven past downs years. not care to Should live my life brethren"It wastodecidedany fieldnot ofto appointlabor untilthe fld/efc PORCH AND

over for fear of not doing any better. Brother Young and I shall pay the St. DECK PAINT

The desires of my heart this day in Joseph Stake another visit."

starting upon another year of my life live are to the life of a true servant of December 25th Father spent from faithfully to discharge the duties God, of my office in the Church, to do my 9 a. m. to 5 p. m. traveling from Esduty by my fellow men, and especially panola to Manassa, where he stayed

by my family. with President Silas S. Smith. He

"My heart is full of gratitude to God writes:

for the wife, mother, and children I am blessed with, and I hope to live worthy "Today has not been a very Merry of them."Christmas for me and so far as I am

able to remember, it is the first ChristTwo months were spent visiting mas I have spent away from home."

the Saints and missions of Arizona and New Mexico. They met with After two days of meetings at

the brethren who had been laboring Ephraim and Manassa, Father as Lamanite missionaries, and apturned homeward, arriving on Depointed a number of other men to cember 30th, in time for New Year's.

continue this work. He writes: On that day he writes in his journal

"A meeting was held of the young "I rejoice at the privilege of again men whose names were suggested as being home. I start the year in good

Lamanite missionaries. Most of the health and spirits. My family is in CRACKS &

young brethren were present and they usual good health, and we are comfortone and all expressed themselves as ably situated. I feel truly thankful for NICKS ARE EASY!

for steps walks. and Just all in blessings, for being willing these health to the ready and and Superpatcher and do

water, apply mix with then Low cost their earnestfaithfully the past prosperity discharge to of the year and power yet for Best looks safety. and

It mission. start to continue ly decided through a hope they was may

Spanish class."1884."FULLER STUCCO PATCHER

'#&& EVIDENCES AND RECONCILIATIONS ( Concluded from page 449 edge. Samuel Brannan was certain &&>

helpful, but could add little to what that the country around San Franwas already known. Here and there cisco Bay was safest for the Saints;

details of little value were possibly Brigham Young, by the voice of the WHERE STEPS MEET HOUSE outside seams moisfrom But, certainly,added. better. they did not Spirit, knew Where

dirt. human Guardture, insects, for the Madeadvise settlement of failed, in the valley divine knowledge the knowledge job. Inexpensive. can You

Great Salt Lake. One need only became a safe guide. paint right over itf

read Clayton's of minute account this at of the question head The ELASTIC PIONEER CEMENTBridger's talk to the to Pioneers untherefore writing be answered may uselessderstand it really to was how follows: Pioneers as Mormon Thethe vanguard of host an emigrating PROTECT in the of possession THEM! 1847 of were

of people. Goodyear's was no betknowledge of the day concerning the YOUR OUTSIDE DOORS YOUR LIGHT FIXTURESter.

West. However, the initiation of Give them lustrel Brighten up those

In that day the West was practheir western venture, the choosing Just the finish to rusty, outside fixrain face and sun. tures. Keep themtically uncharted. for settlement, outthe Basin of Only in large Great

bright. Stays useful, Long keep them

It chief city locating of theirline were with it. the men acquainted and wearing. pretty

was a vast region known fully to no in the Great Salt Lake Valley were man. The problem of the Pioneers products of the spirit of prophecy FULLERSPAR VARNISH DECORET ENAMEL

was to locate in this wilderness a and revelation. It was by that spirit

specific place for settlement. To do that Joseph Smith uttered his prophthat something more than the scant ecy in 1842, and by that spirit Brigknowledge of hurrying scouts or army officers was necessary. It was ham Young declared in 1847, "This

in the choosing of the future home of is the place."Indeed, in a sermon

the Saints that revelation became delivered on July 8, 1849, Brigham evident. Jim Bridger was doubtful Young said, "I knew in the temple

whether corn could mature in the at Nauvoo that we could raise grain valley; Brigham Young was not, for here."That knowledge did not come

he was guided by the higher knowlfrom human wisdom. J. A. W.

and DuTs HouTPaqe

LETS SAY IT CORRECTLY CORRECTION

in words the use of to correct.Era wishes the omission of The the name

ourselves? UnforMAYin wethemakeemergencya particularin whichplea forwe carefind of B. Baxter, Kenneth Francisco Era director of San

tunately, words can be used by those who would maliciously Stake whose picture appeared on page 401 of the June defeat truth. Who was it said that the devil could quote issue. Elder Baxter did an unusually fine piece of work,

with advantage? scripture the wrong Nowadays to his own his helping place stake win sixth total in Group A in

in the world, loose be exceedingly kind of propaganda we must of subscriptions number placed in homes. Elder Baxter

inincrease its potency careful not by spreading that we do in serving the naval forces of our nation. is now We in the use information; be intelligent must enough correct we success of wish in his him and calling. happiness new

words that we are not misled ourselves. Now, as never before,

it behooves all of us to be discriminating in our listening and discreet in our speaking. HIS RING

1917 E. Dayton Lane Now we're engaged, Albert, you'll give me a ring, won't

Honolulu, Hawaii you?"J!"

The Improvement Era: "Aye! What's your number."

am sending a snap shot of Brother and Sister Belliston

I standing by a statue on the Hawaiian Temple grounds at Laie. AMBITION ACHIEVED

evacuated to the mainland and children Since may be my wife Son: "Dad, what was your great ambition when you were

at Laie. Although to the temple at any time, we drove sessions a boy?"

have been discontinued. President Belliston permitted us to Dad: "To wear long pants. And I've had my wish. If

there is anybody else in the country that wears his pants longer than I do, I'd like to see him."

WHEN WRONG IS RIGHT "Hello, is this Jim?"

"Yeah, this is Jim."

"Doesn't sound like Jim."

"Don't worry—it's Jim all right.""Okay—can you lend me ten bucks, Jim?"

"I'll ask him, soon as he comes in."

THE CORRECT ANSWER "Jimmy, I wish you'd learn better table manners; you're a

little table."regular at the pig building prayer. peace, for sacred the enter found Here we silence. father added, "I say, Deep So do Jimmy, you know tranquility, direct to the contrast in beauty, which and was

is; a pig what of militarism, characatmosphere war, and tenseness, which

sir,""It's little replied "Yes, meekly. a hog's boy."Jimmy the islands generally. terizes

Sister Belliston friendly native women. is conductingWe are agratefulknittingforclassour visitamongat thethe TRUE LOVE

temple with two fine people—President and Sister Belliston. "Have you ever loved before?"

Elder Fred Barbezat. "No, John: I have often admired men for their strength,

courage, good looks, or intelligence, but with you it is all love,

INDIAN CHURCH MEMBERS IN SERVICE nothing else."

reof the Stake, Phoenix Ward present "Did you your account to the defendant?"asked

his H ARLYNcounselorStanleyin theVidovich,Papagocentlya ShoshonePaiute Indian, and HE WENT received at Kelly wings the his client. of lawyer

Field, Texas. "I did, sir."

Harlyn, an active member did he what say?"of the "And

priests of quorum the Papago to to go "He told me has always been honor an Ward, the devil."did then?"do "And what you

student. the Indian only was He then "Well, to you."I came

his troop of beScout member and later patrol a came leader and troop BLISSFUL IGNORANCE treasurer. scribe In high and school

he received merit as a speed typist The archbishop had preached a fine sermon on the beauties from the Royal Typewriter Comof married life. pany. Bridget—"'Twas a fine sermon his riverince gave us on

Bishop H. C. Hicks says in his marriage."letter to the Era: "He is only one of Maggie—"It was, indade—and I wish I knew as little about

more than twenty boys of our ward the subject as he does."

in the service, and reports from them show that our Indian boys are caSUSPICIOUS pable of doing anything any other think to "I'm beginning is too interested in seeing lawyer my do."boys can

out of me."he can get money much how

;;why?"NOTICE about"Justyourlistencase—$5.'to this bill:"'For waking up at night and thinking

that anxious every subEra is very The Improvement delay, without so scriber and receive his magazine we OH, DOCTOR!

should like to have the old address of every subscriber Doctor (after examining patient): "I don't like the looks of

along with the new address, when request for change of your husband, Mrs. Brown."

address is made. Mrs. Brown: "Neither do I, Doctor, but he's good to our

children."

Keeping Abreast

Stay tuned to the bright spot on your radio dial. KSL's bril- * liant schedule of CBS coast to coast programs makes your listening a pleasure. Radio's finest battery of news analysts and

special correspondents from the four corners of this wartorn world, are supplemented by CBS shortwave listening posts and

regular wire services.

In addition, KSL brings you one of radio's most alert,

most stimulating schedules of public service features...

some local, some national, and some produced by the Western

division of Columbia's Department of Public Affairs.

KSL is dedicated to maintaining its position of leadership in the Intermountain West and will continue to hold this position for it has the complete resources of a major international

network behind it.

50,000 WATTS 1160 ON YOUR DIAL

KIY STATION FOR COLUMBIA IN THE INTERMOUNTAIN WEST