When we decided to write American

Western policies, little did we realize the fantastic popularity they would achieve in such a short time. In the past, it

has taken companies an average of 43.06 years to sell as much as

we have.

The reason for this rapid growth is that our policies are written to especially fill the needs of Western families.

Why don't you find out why so many thousands of Westerners are choosing American Western Life as their insurance company.

Call your American Western agent. He's the man with

the plan you should know.

247 South 500 East Salt Lake City, Utah 84102 The Voice of the Church July1968

Cover Note Special Features July is a month of heritages: the 2 Editor's Page: The Temptations in Life, President David 0. McKay

United States and the Dominion of 4 The Era Asks George Romney About Politics

Canada (fully 95 percent of Era sub14 Religion in Russia, Dr. J. Wesley Robb

scribers call one of those lands 16 The LeboloChandler Relationship, Jay M. Todd

"home") each mark their day of beginning early in the month, and it is 24 Two Converts Look at the Church, Ed Pruyn later in July that the Saints entered 48 A New Look at the Pearl of Great Price: Part 3, Empaneling the

Panel, Dr. Hugh Nibley

the Salt Lake Valley.

Artist Jerry Thompson pictures part 65 Faith of the Clovis Branch, Virgil N. Kovalenko

of the heritages of all members of the

Church: From Ohio: Kirtland Safety Regular Features

Society Bank Notes. From Illinois: Veter19 Teaching: Discipline: A Continuous Process of Guidance, Stanley E.

an Artillery Nauvoo Legion Insignia and Best a sword worn by the Prophet Joseph 26 Lest We Forget: Seagulls and Crickets, Albert L. Zobell, Jr.

Smith in the Nauvoo Legion, as well as 45 The Presiding Bishopric's Page: The Presiding Bishop Talks to Youth

President John Taylor's watch that About Patriotism, Bishop John H. Vandenberg

stopped an assassin's ball at the time 56 Today's Family: We Still Have Time, Florence B. Pinnock

of the martyrdom and the key to Carth60 The LDS Scene age Jail. From early Salt Lake Valley: 62 The Church Moves On

Seagull and crickets and an old 66 Buffs and Rebuffs daguerreotype of President Brigham 68 These Times: Ending the War in Vietnam, Dr. G. Homer DurhamYoung.

See also "Seagulls and Crickets"on 72 End of an Era page 26. 22, 59, 62, 63 The Spoken Word, Richard L. Evans

Era of Youth 2944 Marion D. Hanks and Elaine Cannon, Editors

Fiction, Poetry 9 With What Measure, Virginia Maughan Kammeyer 12, 22, 28, 47 Poetry

EleanorDavidEra of 0.YouthKnowles,McKayAssociateandWilliamRichardEditor;T. Sykes.L.RalphEvans,EditorialReynolds,Editors;Associates;ArtDoyleDirector;L. Green,FlorenceNormanManagingB. F.Pinnock,Price,EditorStaffToday'sAlbertArtist.FamilyL. Zobell,Editor;Jr., MarionResearchD. Hanks,Editor; MabelEra of JonesYouth Gabbott,Editor; ElaineJay M.Cannon,Todd,

G.G.ManagerCarlosHomerSmith,andDurham,SubscriptionJr., GeneralFranklinDirector;Manager;S. Harris,ThayerFlorenceJr., HughEvans,S. Jacobsen,Nibley,S. GlennSidneyAssociateSmith.B. Sperry,AdvertisingGeneral AlbertManager;Representatives.L. Payne,Verl F,ContributingScott, BusinessEditors.Manager; A. Glen Snarr, Acting Business

Superintendent, of of Saints, The Latterday Young Improvement Association Mutual by the and

Associations MutualGeneral Men'sof of of Latterday Christ The reserved.Christ Subscription Improvement Jesus a advance; 1968,$3.00

years, subscriptions. year, a Churchyears, the threeyear $5.75; $8.25; 2 3 price;price, Allyearof to each for Saints.$2.50Church succeeding single rightsJesusadded year,publishedcopy, inexcept 3b( multiplespecial issues. Associations. Improvement Mutual Priesthood the Quorums, organ of

for Office, for Salt class matter. Utah, at as mailing Entered the at Acceptance Lake special rate of second in section provided 1103, postage and System, School Church Committee, Music Teaching Committee.OfficialHome City,2, October July Post1917, 1918. act Saints. of Latter day Christ of of Jesus Church agenciesother The authorizedis for not contributions. responsible for manuscripts paid but are ofImprovement Manuscripts acceptance The welcomes be on and must

for sufficientEra postage delivery by unsolicitedand accompanied slip for of Thirty notice required please days'include address. a of issue recent a change, ordering address from return.When the magazine. Address

is well old included. as unless thechange as the address new cannot be one changes ismade City, Era, Salt State,The South Lake Utah Improvement 84111 79

July 1968 The Editor's Page

The Temptations in Life By President David O. McKay

Man was placed on earth to ivalk by faith. to him, so the scriptures tell us; and, as the

Mortality is to be a period of testing. Testing tempter always does, he struck the Savior in

does not mean yielding to temptation, although what he thought was his weakest point.

temptation is undeniably a part of our life here After the Savior had fasted, the tempter upon earth. thought he might be hungry. The first temptaThe Savior gave us the greatest example in all tion, you will remember, began with these words:

the world, and people everywhere, especially "If thou be the Son of God, command that these members of his Church, shoidd ever have him in stones be made bread."{There is a stone in that

mind as the ideal. Just after the Savior's baptism, area that is not unlike a Jewish ivheat loaf, so

he was led up to the mount that is known as the that would make the temptation of it appeal all

Mount of Temptation. I do not know whether the stro?iger.) Christ's answer was: "It is written,

that is where he stood, where he fasted for UO Man shall not live by bread alone, but by every days, or not. But on some mount the tempter came word that proceedeth out of the mouth of God."

Improvement Era

The next temptation was an appeal to vanity: until you can say, no matter what your surround-

"If thou be the Son of God, cast thyself doivn ings may be, "Get thee behind me, Satan: for it

[from a pinnacle of the temple]: for it is is loritten, Thou shalt worship the Lord thy God,

written, He shall give his angels charge concernand him only shalt thou serve."(Luke 4:8.)

ing thee; and in their hands they shall bear thee Today, where do temptations come? They come

up, lest at any time thou dash thy foot against to us in our social gatherings, in our politics, in

a stone."our business relations, and in our employment.

And the Savior's answer was, "Thou skalt not Temptation often comes ivhen ive think that no tempt the Lord thy God."(Matt. 4:3-7.) one is watching; but someone is usually ivatching,

Satan had quoted Holy Writ in an attempt to and that person will likely be quick to judge not tvin his point. Remember how Shakespeare has only us, if they see us yield, but also the cause we

Antonio say in The Merchant of Venice represent. There may never come a greater oppor-

"The devil can cite Scripture for his purpose. tunity for us to defend the Church than by our

An evil sold, producing holy ivitness, simply silently refusing to yield to temptation.

Is like a villain with a smiling cheek; In our meetings we sometimes sing:

A goodly apple rotten at the heart: "It may not be on the mmmtain height

0, what a goodly outside falsehood hath!"Or over the stormy sea;

(Act I, Sc. 3.) It m,ay not be at the battle's front

The third temptation ivas the love of wealth My Lord will have need of me;...

and power, when the tempter took Jesus to a high I'll go where you ivant me to go, dear Lord, mountain and showed him the things of the world Over mountain, or plain, or sea;

and their glory, saying: "All these things will I I'll say ivhat you want me to say, dear Lord;

give thee, if thou wilt fall down and worship me."I'll be what you want me to be."(Hymns, 75.)

Rising in the majesty of his divinity, Jesus When that still, small voice calls to the persaid: "Get thee hence, Satan: for it is written, formance of duty, insignificant though it may

Thou shalt worship the Lord thy God, and him seem, and though its performance may be unonly shalt thou serve."Then the tempter slunk known to anyone save the individual and God,

away, and we are told that angels came and minhe who responds gains corresponding strength.

istered to the Lord. (Matt. 4:9-11.) Temptation often comes in the same quiet

There is the story. Your greatest weakness will way. Perhaps the yielding to it may not be known

be the point at which Satan will try to tempt you, to anyone save the individual and his God, but will try to win you; and if you have made yourself if he does yield to it, he becomes to that extent

weak, he will add to that weakness. Resist him, weakened and spotted with the evil of the world.

and you will gain in strength. If he tempts you Remember, you cannot tamper with the evil

in another way, resist him again, and he will one. Resist temptation, resist Satan, and he will

become weaker. In turn, you become stronger, flee from you. O

July 1968 The Era Asks George RomneyAbout Politics

Few Latterday Saints have been in the public eye as much as Governor George Romney of Michigan.

Now in his third term as governor, he was formerly president and chairman of American Motors, during which time he guided the compact car revolution in America, and president of the Detroit Stake. Earlier

this year he was a candidate for the Republican nomination for the presidency of the United States.

Less wellknown but equally important are his many hours of service and awards received for humanitarian service. His thoughts on civic responsibilities should be most interesting.

Q. From your experience, what kind of that provide relief while retaining individual dignity.

image do members of the Church have in On the negative side, I find that many people are the world today? not certain as to whether we are Christians. They

have no clear concept of our principles or beliefs.

A. I have found that most people living outside the And more recently, many people wonder whether

western Christian civilization know little, if anything, we are bigoted and racists, whether we consider about the Church. For instance, while in India a Negroes, in particular, as inferior people—inferior in

few months ago, I learned that there were only 50 their relationship to other individuals and inferior in members of the Church in the whole country. It is their relationship to Deity.

obvious that few people in such a situation are even I often receive mail from members of the Church, aware of our existence. and one of the things that disturbs me is the number

Europeans have had much more exposure to our of letters asking very picayune questions involving

Church and its concepts than have those in nonmatters indicating a good deal of bigotry. I hope

Christian nations, and, of course, people here in the these letters represent a very small minority of the

United States are much better informed. Generally, Church membership; nevertheless, to some extent they

I find people regard Latterday Saints as industrious are an indication of narrowness. Generally speaking,

and honest. Many people admire members of the people who have been acquainted with members of

Church—and the Church itself—for our concern for the Church have a favorable impression of them.

our poor and incapacitated and our realistic programs However, I think we tend to assume that people know

Improvement Era

"...we tend to assume that people

know more about us than they do."

more about us than they do. day Saints—have equated politics as unworthy activity for highminded people and

Q. What do you think is the most pressing have not involved themselves in political

problem the world faces? processes. What is your reaction to this

A. Lack of faith in God and in our fellowman. This attitude?

condition is reflected in the lack of discipline, the A. Political activity is only unworthy when worthy

decline of morality, the deterioration of family life, people fail to participate, and Church members, with the weakening of personal responsibility, and the their high principles, are the type of people who growth of the attitude that the world owes one a should be participating in order to eliminate unworthy living and that one can get something for nothing. This political practices. The tragedy is that generally too

decline in spirituality also contributes to a spirit of few Americans take part in political affairs. Only two

racism, which I believe is one of the biggest problems or three percent of us participate actively in the of the world today. political parties.

Another great problem is the growing economic Another regrettable aspect of American life is the spread between the "haves"and the "havenots,"both tendency to excuse political conduct on the basis of in America and in nations throughout the world. But "Oh, well, that's politics"—as though something done

underneath these problems is the decline in religious for political reasons is less subject to criticism than the conviction and faith, which produces a decline in the same thing done in business or social life. Actually,

understanding of man's relationship to God and to his as one looks at the relative importance of things, the fellowmen. Otherwise, you see, man would desire standards by which we measure people should be

to share with his brothers and would really sacrifice higher in politics and public affairs than in any field for the welfare of others. other than that of religion. We just cannot improve

the political process—if that is our aim—without

Q. What are your thoughts about the obligreater participation on the part of people who are

gations of Latterday Saints toward civic best qualified to evaluate political standards.

involvement?

A. Man cannot separate his spiritual life from his Q. Have you found that compromise in

social, political, and economic life and remain free. political life is an attitude that endangers

Consequently, Latterday Saints, above all people, one morally or spiritually?

should recognize that their spiritual concepts obligate A. The person in political life can adhere to his

them to involve themselves in social, political, and standards just as much as he can in economic activity, economic activities more than if they did not hold or social activity, or even Church activity. There is no

their particular religious convictions. need to compromise with evil, but we should realize

Unfortunately, some Church members tend to think that compromise in and of itself is not immoral—if,

that because the Church demands a great deal in for example, the political compromise is closer to terms of time and effort, they can slight their civic ultimate goals and a realization of one's principles. As

obligations. This is one reason why it is important governor, I had to compromise on the Michigan

that as many Church members as possible take part constitutional convention. For example, I did not

in Church activities; then no one is overloaded. If one think that we should have as many elected state offilooks at his various responsibilities, the Church and cials as we had, because I did not think citizens could

family come first. The Church exists to enable us to be wellinformed about so many candidates. Neither

have a good, sound family life—but subordinate only did I think that state government, particularly the

to our Church and family life is our responsibility to executive branch, could function as effectively with involve ourselves in civic affairs. such a large number of elected administrative officials. So I undertook to authorize the governor to do

of the United States does that is, Q. Some people—including some Latterwhat the President

July 1968 'People do resent Church members who take a

'holierthan-thou'attitude...."

to appoint the members of the cabinet. In my opinion, in social and political settings without lowerit"the federal government had to function the way ing his Church standards?

most state governments function, it would be very A. Yes, he can. There is no question about the abildifficult for it to perform as effectively as it does. Well, ity of a considerate person to do this. Most people

1 couldn't persuade the convention members to aurespect individuals who live up to their beliefs. Of

thorize the governor to appoint all the elected course, there are always exceptions. But I find this:

officials, but I was able to effect a compromise that people do resent Church members who take a "holier resulted in the appointment of half of them and the than thou"attitude and those who undertake to election of half of them. Thus, I had attained 50 permeasure nonmembers on the basis of their own church

cent of my goal. Now, that compromise was not standards. After all, many things that are moral or

immoral. immoral to us may not be moral or immoral to nonEven the Church has compromises. I think the members. Many things that to us are matters of

law of tithing is a compromise with the law of conseconviction may not be matters of conviction to others.

cration, but the compromise is there because we first I find that Church members tend to encounter diffineed to qualify ourselves in our ability to live the culties in social situations when they try to measure lesser law before we can live the higher law. There everybody else by the standards they apply to themare individuals in political life who will compromise selves.

with evil or compromise their moral principles, but When I came to Detroit, many people in Washingone does not have to do that. ton said to me, "How do you expect to get ahead in

the automobile industry, with those whiskeydrinking,

Q. How does one cope with aspects of cigarchawing car makers?"Well, I didn't find it diffipolitical life that may run counter to gospel cult to get ahead in the automobile industry, and I

principles? didn't have to chew cigars or drink whiskey to do

A. I do not know of any aspect of life that is perfect. it either, but I did have to demonstrate that I had

If there are political practices that are not as sound capacity and ability to work with people and to be as they might be, one who gets into political life can with them without making them feel uncomfortable.

use his position to bring about reliance upon better The same prediction was made when I went into practices. But he should do the same thing in all politics, and many of the letters from Church memareas of activity—business, social, and even Church. bers have been critical about inconsequential things,

I am not aware of any inherent practices of political things that are not matters of Church principles. I

life that run counter to gospel principles. have found that people with whom I associate are

One of the points I would like to stress is this: I just as happy to have me drink tomato juice or lemonthink that members of the Church who have had ade as what they are drinking. They are not offended

experience in the priesthood quorums and Church by it in any way.

auxiliaries are particularly qualified in the use of authority and in organizational procedures that pro- Q. Were you ever embarrassed during your

mote the best results in any field, including political campaign or political career because of your activity. I find that the most difficult tool people fellow Latterday Saints'behavior and

have to exercise is the tool of authority. And I do not attitudes?

know of any group of people who have been given A. Rarely have I been embarrassed by the attitudes

better revelation and better guidance and better or actions of individual members. Certainly in the

experience on the use of authority than Latterday main they have been very helpful, and when I have

Saints. attended political meetings where Church members

have been present, generally speaking, they have

Q. From your experience, can a Latterday handled themselves very well. There have been times

Saint mingle at ease and set others at ease when Church members—even in their own homesImprovement Era

..we should be leaders in the struggle for

social justice and social order."

have referred slightingly to a person present as a destiny—a nation, as Lincoln said, "that was the last

nonmember or not of our group. But I think the best hope of earth."Now I happen to think that the

principal problem that I have experienced politically U.S. Constitution is in the greatest jeopardy, and that

has been from the uncertainty of nonmembers as to it is very important that constitutional principles be our attitude toward racial issues. There seems to be a strengthened. This strengthening is essential if we

genuine question as to whether we really believe are to continue the type of freedom we have enjoyed

Negroes and all others are entitled to full citizenship. in America, including the freedom to worship according to the dictates of our own consciences.

Q. How do you answer that question?

A. I indicate that the Church policy is the one voiced Q. Has the concept that the U.S. Constituby the First Presidency, namely, we believe in the tion was divinely inspired influenced your

Declaration of Independence and in the Constitution thinking?

of the United States and that all people are entitled A. Yes, it has. As I have seen political apathy jeopto full citizenship. I also ask people to look at my ardize our political institutions and principles, I have

record in undertaking to eliminate social injustices become concerned. As I have seen our nation's failure

and racial discrimination. And I point out that one to grant full citizenship to people because of race, I

should judge another on the basis of his actions rather have become concerned. As I have seen the federal

than on the impressions others have of him. I have government grow in its power and increasingly domirefused to get into a discussion on Church doctrine nate state and local units of government and intervene

because I do not think you can discuss Church docin private affairs to the point of jeopardizing personal trine without discussing the preexistence, the postresponsibility, I have become concerned. I am sure

existence, and all our concepts that might help people that my concern is the result of my conviction about to understand that we really do not have racist the character of constitutional principles. We need,

viewpoints. The minute you do that, you inject in my opinion, to strengthen state and local governreligious arguments into public affairs, and we do ment in America if we are to maintain our constinot believe in that. We believe in maintaining the tutional form of government.

separation of Church and state. I believe that one great government threat today is

There is also some question as to whether the the opposite of what it was in Lincoln's time. In his

Church endorses the John Birch Society, or certain day the threat was the destruction of the nation and other activities in which some Church members are the federal government as a result of the excess taking a very active part. Actually, I guess some sovereignty of the states. Today we have the oppopeople wondered whether the Church endorsed site problem: a threatened destruction, as a result of

George Romney; well, of course it did not, and it the excess federal power, of the basic constitutional

doesn't endorse those other actions of certain welldistribution of governmental power between the meaning members either, because it is not the role of federal government and the states.

the Church to endorse such things.

Q. In your opinion, has the revelation con-

Q. What are your thoughts about the nature cerning the men who were raised up to creof the U.S. Constitution as related to the ate the U.S. Constitution (D&C 101:77, 80)

gospel? been misinterpreted by some people to

A. The U.S. Constitution is derived from the princimean that no alterations in the Constituples voiced in the Declaration of Independence, and tion are possible?

both documents are based on religious principles. It A. In my opinion, if the members of the Church inwas the adoption of those principles that made it posterpret the revelation to mean that no changes can be

sible for the gospel to be restored and for the United made in the Constitution, then they are interpreting

States of America to be what it is, namely, a nation of the revelation wrongly, because one of the things that

July 1968 "In my opinion, some people interpret wrongly D&C 101:77 to mean

that no changes can be made in the Constitution."

makes the Constitution such an important document forefront of the struggle to eliminate slavery, we is the provision it provides by which it can be changed should be in the forefront of the struggle to maintain as change is needed—and change is needed. But the law and order and to eliminate social injustice and

procedures for change are written into the Constitusecond-class citizenship for Negroes and others.

tion, and this undoubtedly constituted a major part of Unquestionably there are subversives who are trying the inspiration of the Founding Fathers. They recogto take advantage of present social unrest, but their

nized that in order to meet changing circumstances, efforts will not be too dangerous unless Negroes there would have to be amendments. Certainly in generally give up hope of early fullfledged participathis day, when we face such widespread problems of tion in the American Dream as fullfledged citizens.

a new character, it is perfectly clear that we need to We should not forget what Jesus said: "Inasmuch as

be able to say without any question that change can ye have done it unto one of the least of these my be made to correct inequities and injustices. But the brethren, ye have done it unto me"(Matt. 25:40),

fact that change can come about in a peaceful and or what the Book of Mormon tells us: "... [the Lord]

orderly way and is provided for in the Constitution is doeth nothing save it be plain unto the children of one of the major reasons why we can insist that no men; and he inviteth them all to come unto him and

one has the right to violate the law. partake of his goodness; and he denieth none that

come unto him, black and white, bond and free, male

Q. How do you feel about the large U.S. and female; and he remembereth the heathen; and

national debt? all are alike unto God, both Jew and Gentile."(2 Ne.

A. America is going down the road to bankruptcy, the 26:33.)

same road that Britain has walked. We are spending

unwisely and pursuing economic policies that threaten Q. Have you found political experience

to destroy our competitive economic system. I happen satisfying and fruitful?

to believe that the nation is gravely threatened. I A. I find it tremendously satisfying and fruitful. It's

think it is threatened politically as a result of the a very arduous form of activity, but it has given my concentration of power, and I think it is threatened whole life a new dimension. It has made me more

economically by excessive concentration of economic conscious of domestic and world problems. It has

power. This same threat has extended itself into the provided me with a greater appreciation of the sacsocial field, where those who suffer injustices and disrifices that are made by those who give themselves

crimination think that the way to get ahead in America to public service, who have to go through political is to organize power and then to abuse that power. campaigns, and who in effect almost become public

property. But that kind of sacrifice is worthwhile

Q. How would you solve the problem of sobecause of the satisfaction that comes from rendering

cial unrest in America? public service.

A. Briefly stated, we cannot have social order without May I also note in closing that I think we need

social justice. We need to show by action that we greater emphasis on the importance of faith, educacan achieve social justice for all through orderly and tion, work, and cooperation, and that Church members

peaceful change. are in a position to emphasize the importance of

Believing as we do in the literal fatherhood of God these things in public life. You know, it isn't as imand brotherhood of men of all races and colors, we portant that we are completely successful in all of

should be leaders in the struggle for social justice and our public and political undertakings as it is that we social order. No American is justified in breaking the do what we can. Someone has'truly said, "Every

law. But neither are we justified in denying human work has its influence, and every act weighs in the

dignity, full citizenship, and equal justice and opporfinal balance. It matters little whether our eyes

tunity because of race and color. behold the victory or whether we die in the midst of

As the early members of the Church were in the the conflict."O

Improvement Era

With quivering rage

she took pen, ink,

and paper and wrote

By Virginia Maughan Kammeyer

She lifted the bean pot from the hearth with hands "We are supposed to put a different interpretation that were calloused and rough—fieldwork hands; but on it. These were President Taylor's words, as nearly

the face she raised was young. "What does he mean as I can remember them: Tree the worthy, debtbound

by 'forgiveness'?"she asked sharply. brother if you can. Let there be no rich among us

Her father rested his arms on the table. The long from whose tables fall only crumbs to feed a wounded

ride into Salt Lake City for April conference had been Lazarus.'The Church is setting the example by striktiring, but worth it. He wrinkled his brow in thought. ing from the records the $800,000 that is due the

It was important to get the words exactly right. "Since Perpetual Emigration Fund."

this year marks the fiftieth anniversary of the foundShe gave a short laugh. "We have a 'debtbound'

ing of the Church, President Taylor wishes to observe brother, all right, but he is hardly what you would it as a jubilee year with a forgiveness of all debts. call worthy. And we couldn't, by any stretch of

It seems that they used to do that back in Old the imagination, be called rich."

Testament times—let the slaves go free and that "This counsel was meant for all members of the

sort of thing."Church. I think that we should free the Aaronsons

She set the beans on the table and dished a plate of their debt."

for her father. The little boys, Joseph and Benjamin, "Father!"Her eyes flashed with indignation. "Surely

had eaten long ago and were now in bed, but she you don't mean that! Of all the worthless, lazy, nohad kept the food hot for his late return. "We haven't account people in the world, the Aaronsons are the

any slaves,"she observed wryly. worst!"

July 1968 "Martha, my dear, the Lord has said, 'Judge not, her. Father had built the little cabin down by the

that ye be not judged.'creek so she would not have to go far for water. He

"It isn't a matter of judgment! It's a matter of had promised her that someday he would build her a

what's right! For eight years you've allowed them to fine house like the one she had left, only not so

live on our land. It was good land when they settled large, of course. They had the spot picked out on

down there—the best part of our acreage. They've top of the hill by a grove of maples. Mother had never

let it go to ruin; and as for paying for it—they give us gotten her house. Would Martha be denied it too?

a driblet here, a dab there when they feel like it, and "It's not just for me,"she said fiercely to the image always with the excuse that times are hard and they in the mirror. "It's little Benjamin! The doctor said he

can't meet the entire payment!"wouldn't have so much croup and sickness if we could

"Times have been hard. The drought last summer move up to dry ground."

was a hardship to many people."She dropped her head in despair and sadly went to

"And to us included!"She threw her arms around bed. But she couldn't sleep. Her whole being cried

his neck with a sob. "I love you, Father! But why do out for beauty, for a release from meaningless

you always have to be so kind to people? They just drudgery. She got up and went across the room in the

take advantage of you!"dark. A trunk stood in the corner, and she lifted the

He patted her back and said mildly, "Well, welllid. A fragrance came to her of lavender, and she

it's something I just can't help, I guess."He took her began to weep. All that was left of a mother long

rough hand and rubbed a finger over the callouses. dead was in this trunk—a yellowed satin wedding

"Little girl, you've had a difficult time since your dress, some letters done up in ribbon, a heavy silver mother died—never any fun. You've spent your youth tea set wrapped in flannel, and the fragrance.

doing for me and the boys. I wish it could be different. It seemed as though everything went wrong the

But someday I'll make it up to you. We'll have a next day. Little Benjamin was sick and had to stay

house on the hill."home from school. Between nursing him and trying

The house on the hill! That had been the hope, the to do the ironing, she scorched Father's best shirt.

sustaining force that had kept her going. While other And to top it off, Father came in at noon and said the

girls went to dances and parties and flirted shyly with hired man had quit. "I'm sorry, my dear,"he said

young men, she had stayed at home and cooked, in his gentle voice, as though it were his fault. "This

cleaned, washed, ironed, and worked beside her means you will have to go to town tomorrow and hire father in the fields. They had taken the Aaronsons a new man. I have promised to go up to the canyon

as tenants so there would be money for the new house. with Brother O'M alley to cut cedar posts, and you

And now Father was proposing to cancel the debt. can't be here without help."

A tear squeezed through her eyelids. Her father "It's all right, Father. I'll go."She dreaded the trip.

took out his big handerkerchief and wiped it away. It would mean going to the labor exchange and

"You are the woman of the house,"he said, "and are mingling with the roughest kind of men. But Father

entitled to a voice. I won't decide without your apwas right. They had to have a hired man.

proval. But let us sleep on it and pray for guidance."After Father left the next morning with Brother

In her small bedroom Martha sat brushing her hair. O'Malley, she saw young Joseph off to school and

The glossy, brown ripples, always pinned back made little Benjamin promise to stay in bed while severely during the day, tumbled around her shoulders. she was gone; then she saddled the mare for the ride

She looked in the wavy mirror. Her complexion was into town. At the labor exchange she sat primly on

good. Her eyes were lovely. Was this the way her a bench waiting her turn, while around her lounged

mother had looked, preparing for a ball? Mother miners, teamsters, and railroad men, exchanging

had been a southern belle, reared in luxury. She stories and coarse jokes. At last, with relief, she stood

had given up what she had for the gospel and had before Mr. Cutler, who said with surprise, "Why, Miss

never complained, but the hard life had finally killed Martha, what are you doing here?"

10 Improvement Era She dropped her head in despaircrying out for release from meaningless drudgery."

"We need a hired man, Mr. Cutler. The old one left Mr. Jonah* Aaronson

ns, and my father was not able to come himself."Sir:

"You're not the only one having problems, ma'am. It has come to my attention that you have severed

See that big fellow over in the corner, cussing to his your employment with the Overland Freight Comfriends? He's boss of the Overland Freight, hauling pany, and are in receipt of a large sum of money.

supplies up to Montana. His best teamster just quit As you cannot help being aware, your family has

on him—young Jonah Aaronson."been in debt to us for eight years for the land on

"Oh?"Martha wasn't really surprised. It was like which you are now living. Since your father is either

the Aaronsons to be unreliable. unable or unwilling to pay what he owes, it seems

Mr. Cutler settled down to gossip, oblivious of the to me that the moral obligation falls upon you. We

line of impatient men waiting for his services. "Yep. would appreciate payment as soon as possible.

He just up and quit without a byyour-leave. Drew Martha Dicken

all his pay—over a thousand dollars."She marched to the door, saw Joseph wandering up

Trying hard to control her shock, Martha said, the lane from school, and called out to him. "Take this

"What do you suppose he intends to do?"letter to the Aaronsons'. Be sure you give it to Jonah

Mr. Cutler laughed. "Do? What would any young Aaronson."

man with a thousand dollars do? Blow it on a good The next day as she was hanging up the wash she

time, I guess."saw him come to the house. He did not turn to speak

She spoke quickly. "I must go, Mr. Cutler. Will to her; he set a package on the step and strode off.

you send us a hired man?"There was no letter—only a bundle of money, one

"Yes, ma'am! As soon as I can this afternoon."thousand dollars in bills. She grabbed the money,

Going home, she dug a furious heel into the mare's rushed into the house, and embraced little Benjamin.

side. So Jonah Aaronson was in possession of a thou- "Benji!"she cried. "At last we're going to have the

sand dollars! He was the oldest of the six Aaronson house on the hill! And you'll get well, and everything

children, near her own age. She remembered him as will be beautiful!"Little Benjamin watched, aston-

a starvedlooking boy who wore thin, ragged clothes ished, as she danced around the room singing a song.

and always crept in late to school. He had gone to She could hardly wait for Father to come home.

freighting when he was 18. It was hard, rough work, When he arrived Saturday evening, he looked tired

but the pay was good. He had stuck it out for two and unwell. He had caught a heavy cold up in the

years, and now he apparently intended to have his mountains, so she left the rest of the chores to the fun. new hired man and put him straight to bed. "I'll tell

The more she thought about it, the angrier she him in the morning,"she said to herself.

grew. "It's our money! If his trashy, worthless father For the first time in years Father was too ill to go

won't pay the debt, then the son should!"to Sunday School, so Martha and the little boys went

When she reached home, little Benjamin's cough without him. She sat in her bonnet and best black

was worse. He had gotten up in her absence and dress and sang the hymns and listened to the lesson,

played around in his nightshirt, and now he was but the whole time her mind was on the money tucked hacking worse than before. She prepared a mustard under her mattress at home.

plaster and some peppermint tea for him, and thought After church the bishop stood by the door shaking for the hundredth time, "If we had a decent house, up hands with everybody.

where it's dry, he wouldn't be sick all the time.""Where is your good father today, Martha?"

She slapped the mustard plaster on the little boy's "He is ill, Bishop, and couldn't come."

chest. "I'm going to do it!"she declared. Ignoring "I'm sorry to hear that. I will try to stop by this

Benjamin's protests, she flew to her room and banged afternoon and see him."

the door. With quivering rage she took pen, ink, and "Thank you,"she said. "I'm sure he would apprepaper and wrote: ciate it."—

July 1968 11 His anger spent, he let the reins hang loose, and dropped his head on his chest."

"There are some others absent this morning. Not a mission. He had saved almost all the money he had

one of the Aaronsons came. Do you know why?"earned for that purpose. His family was very proud

She flushed, and for some reason she felt a little of him, and he was merely waiting for his call. So it's

guilty. "I'm sure I don't know."strange that he would disappear. Would you go over

At home, as she cut bread and poured milk for their and see if you can comfort Sister Aaronson, Martha?"

meal, she laid a careful plan for the surprise. She But there was no answer. She had fled to her room

would take her father a tray, and when he lifted the and was on her knees, struggling with the realization napkin, there would be the money. of the frightful thing she had done and crying, "Lord,

Her father called, "Martha, my dear."forgive me! Forgive me!"

"What is it, Father?"# a

His face wore an anxious look. "I've been waiting Far out on the desert Jonah Aaronson slowed his

for you to come home. The Aaronsons have had some horse to a walk. His anger was spent. He let the

trouble. Could you go over there and see what you reins hang loose and dropped his head on his chest.

can do to help?"The tired horse, glad for relief from the furious,

"What is the matter?"galloping pace, plodded slowly. Gradually the boy

"Sister Aaronson came over this morning crying. became aware of a jogging rhythm that seemed to be

She said that Jonah had left home."saying, "She didn't know. She didn't know. She

"Did he give a reason?"didn't know."

"No, he simply left a note saying, 'I am leaving, and He pulled on the reins, and the grateful horse

will never come back."stopped. For many minutes Jonah sat thinking, then

Martha's throat felt very tight. "Perhaps he has turned about and began to retrace his way.

gone back to freighting.""I'll go back... get another freighting job... save

"No, that is what is so strange. The boy went to the my money again... and someday, I'll serve the Lord

bishop a month ago and asked if he could fill a the way he wants me to!"O

Lexicon

By Christie Jeffries

There are three loves that interweave

In hearts of men until they seem

To hold in fee what men believe

Of goodness, beauty, truth, and dream.

These are the verities so dear

Their worth can never be assessed—

A homeland free from hate and fear,

Abodes that love and faith have blest.

Each man must read love's lexicon.

Some scan in haste; some slowly plod;

But each must found his strength upon

Love for his country, home, and God.

12 Improvement Era BOOKS YOU'LL WANT TO OWN!

i. THE HOUSE OF THE LORD 2. THE REFINER'S FIRE

by James E. Talmage Historical Highlights of Missouri

Cloth $2.95 by Alvin R. Dyer $5.95

Paper, $1.25 The significance of Missouri in Church

history, and an analysis of the role it

Deseret Book is proud to republish in has yet to play is the subject of this modern format this classic of Church fascinating work by the newest memliterature by the late scholar and genber of the First Presidency. The maps

eral authority, Dr. James E. Talmage. and photographs make this a valuable

This volume will be an important aid guide book for both traveller and to those who are going to the temple scholar who may wish to visit the for the first will bring time, and sites in the Indepenmany historic to all glER

Latterday Saints a greater appreciaalso covers book dence area. The

tion of the significance of temple work President McKay's visit to Missouri in their lives. in 1966.

i 3. FOR ADULTS ONLY 4. ABOUT LIFE AND LOVE

A Lifetime of Learning by Dr. W. Dean Belnap

and Dr. Glen C. Griffin $2.95

by R. Wayne Shute $3.50

An important new book on a subject underthat knowledgeable demands his extensive on draws author The... insight these that standing two Professor a as experience and BYU in provide abundance. doctors medical in specialist adult Education Week specifically teens, at L.D.S. Aimed skills of the education to examine

its this readers introduces to the book to adults as applied learning—showrealities responsibility. of sexual Withit is to learn late too that ing never

it preaching, provides rational out all adult of education that forms and intelligent reasons young and why spiritually, emotionalenrich you can the should moral people accept code ly, materially. and. as taught the by Church

Deseret Bookof-theMonth Bonus Value for July

ANSWERS TO GOSPEL

s. A MORE EXCELLENT QUESTIONS

WAY by President Joseph the M.I.A. Leadership Fielding Smith, for only

Training Text for 6869, fisspri at the regular price of SAVE $1.00 $195

$2.95.. over the purchase price

and select any one of of both books! You can't

the five volumes of afford to pass up this great value!

DESERET BOOK COMPANY

44 East South Temple, Salt Lake City, Utah 84110 or 777 South Main Street, Orange, California 92668

Please send me items circled

( Indicate which one of the five

Answers to Gospel Questions you wish sent with Item 5. No..

Total cost $ This must include V-h.% sales tax for residents of Utah

ordering from Salt Lake, or a 5% sales tax for Calif, residents ordering from Orange.

Paid by check \. Money order Q I Or, please charge my established account Q

July 1968 13 "The writings of Marx and ness of nature.

Lenin are sources of beliefs for Meanwhile, the Russian many, although the interpretation Orthodox Church, for centuries of these men is more sophistithe institutional source for cated among the intellectuals."Russian spiritual life, is charged

Supplanting the churches of with laboring under a "prean earlier day, the Communists Copernican conception"of have instituted "palaces of religion, and apparently has happiness,"in which marriages relatively few participants, most of are performed. Instead of baptism whom are middleaged or elderly.

in a church, another ceremonial One U.S. educator cites his

has emerged: when the child is visit to Novgorod as an illustration

old enough, he is initiated into of the state of Russian Orthodoxy.

society by being taken to the In that city of 100,000, there is forest where he plants a tree. one Russian Orthodox church.

Tied in closely with the About 150 persons attended the ceremonial substitutions for service, and only about 10 of them religious functions and the priority were under 60.

of the teachings of Marx and However, he pointed out, the

Lenin, an almost puritanical cathedral in Zagorsk, the seat of morality is fostered by the Comthe patriarch, was packed, and munist Party and is emerging as a many of the people were significant part of the new middleaged.

religion. "The church is far from

"The 12 commandments of dead in the Soviet Union, though the Communist Party encompass obviously it is not the vital force: a strict moral code of personal it should be,"he says. "The

\\ \/r\jrsr\rrr\ and collective responsibility. This Soviet constitution provides for

code in many ways reflects the separation of church and state; By Dr. J. Wesley Robb

standards of the JudeoChristian however, at the same time it

new religion is emerging tion of God,"says an educated to carry on antireligious a ethic, although there is no menprovides the right of the state in Soviet Russia 50 years after traveler of -Russia. propaganda. As a result, the

the Communist revolution, Typical of the slogans that church is placed in a position of according to recent reports by exhort Soviet citizens to action disadvantage in carrying on its educators and observant travelers. is one that appears on posters work. It is evident that the state

The socalled religion has three stating that the duty of every has relaxed its restrictions on elements: MarxismLeninism, a person is to "indoctrinate young religious activity considerably,

moral concern for developing a people in the morality of the though obviously the church is new society, and a feeling for Communist Party."not free to conduct its program

nature. The aggregate of all this The third characteristic of as it might wish."

reflects many influences, includthe emerging Russian religion When asked whether current ing the JudeoChristian ethic, but is the religion of nature, which trends in religion outside of it is not a religion of belief in borders on pantheism or equating Russia had an effect on Russian a personal God. God with the forces and laws of Orthodox religious thought, an

"Whether the majority of the universe. official of the Russian Orthodox

the Soviets will return to a belief An integral aim of Russian Church said, "No, we are not in God is a moot question,"says education is to develop an interested in these things. Our

one U.S. scholar. "We visited aesthetic appreciation of nature. theology perpetuates the tradition

Lenin's tomb and watched the Along with classroom work, Soviet in the lives of the people. We

people file past the bier. There students regularly participate in serve people as they come to us,

was an observable religious awe camping excursions in which and we do not meddle in social among them, as they paid homage many of them achieve a direct issues. The state takes care of

to their 'incarnate deity.'relationship with and an awarethat area."O

u Improvement Era Imagine!

A singlepackage heating, cooling, ventilating system that goes outside your home. On a concrete pad. Or on

the roof!

No inside flame. No chimney. No

inside space required.

All you get is Total Comfort!

Fresh, Living Air is warmed or cooled to fit the season. Humidified or wrung

dry of dampness. Cleaned electronically. And circulated continuously.

The system (in larger capacities) can offer 100% ventilation with outside air. And cool free when

temperatures fall below 57 F.

It's a truly weatherproof system, with aluminized steel heat exchanger, an electric ignition system, and an insulated cabinet.

Available for homes in sizes as small as 2 tons cooling, and 80,000

Btuh heating.

And for commercial installations in sizes up to 22 tons cooling, 500,000

Btuh heating.

Gas or oil heating. Electric cooling.

For homes, apartments, schools, churches, offices, and other buildings.

For information, write Lennox Industries Inc., 409 South 12th Ave.,

Marshalltown, Iowa 50158.

AIRLENNOXCONDITIONING HEATING

July 1968 15 YV. m

> iniir

i % * % 0H|H gft, ".?-a

1IF 1

..:

Bottom entry revea/s name of Mike Chanter, 32, The Via Braida leads Elder Barney Part of original doorway and male, labourer, from Ireland, who arrived at and policeman to Lebolo's home. construction on home remain.

Philadelphia Oct. 14, 1828, on ship "Eliza Jane."

New information on the story behind the Book of Abraham

The LeboloChandler Relationship

By Jay M. Todd

Editorial Associate

The announcement on November 27, 1967, of the friend, William Frye. The letter was printed in

rediscovery of some papyrus fragments once owned by December 1835 in an edition of the Latterday Saints the Prophet Joseph Smith has brought renewed interMessenger and Advocate while the Saints were at est in the story of the Book of Abraham. Kirtland, Ohio.

In addition to the fascinating and brilliant analysis "These records were obtained from one of the of the papyri currently being presented by Dr. Hugh catacombs in Egypt, near the place where once stood

Nibley ( see page 48 ), renewed interest has developed the renowned city of Thebes, by the celebrated traveler in the story behind the story of the Book of Abraham. Antonio Lebolo, in the year 1831. He procured

Latterday Saint researchers once more have begun license from Mehemet Ali, then Viceroy of Egypt, to study nineteenth century Egyptian excavations and under the protection of Chevalier Drovetti, the French to restudy the names and places having to do with Consul, in the year 1828.... [and] entered the catathe Book of Abraham that appear in the early accounts comb June 7, 1831, and obtained eleven mummies.

of Oliver Cowdery and the Prophet Joseph Smith. "On his way from Alexandria to Paris he put in at

Already their labors have borne fruit, and new inTrieste, and after ten days illness, expired. This was

formation has been found concerning Antonio Lebolo in the year 1832. Previous to his decease, he made a

and Michael H. Chandler. These two men have long will of the whole to Mr. Michael H. Chandler, then

been important pegs in the story about the Book of in Philadelphia, Pa., his nephew, whom he supposed

Abraham, but little has been known of them except to have been in Ireland. Accordingly the whole were

that which Oliver Cowdery wrote in a letter to a sent to Dublin, addressed accordingly, and Mr. Chand16 Improvement Era

A foggy day in Caste/Zamonte, /ta/y, town of Lefao/o's birth.

Court records show that plots 7700 and 7702 were owned by Lebo/o.

The longsought entry of Lebo/o's birth was found under the year 1781.

was born in Castellamonte, some 30 miles from Turin.

In order to research the matter further, The Improvement Era, with the approval of the former

European Mission president, Elder Ezra Taft Benson, requested the aid of President John Duns, Jr., president of the Italian Mission, who in turn assigned

Elders R. Brent Bentley, Lynn Barney, and Roddy

Davis to visit the town of Castellamonte. Elder

Bentley's report of their visit to the Catholic priest would thrill any historian and genealogist:

"Upon hearing our request, he led us into his small private study. Behind his desk was a wallcloset with

old, dirty glass doors. When he opened them, three

Mormon missionaries were absolutely amazed! There

%P**:: spread before us were handwritten records in bound

of marriage baptism, death, of every books and r -: -"S Wm p "I started priest starting in Castellamonte 1407! The

perusing the records for 1783 and eventually found a - - i5**-2Cj listing for the baptism of a female Lebolo, which we in supposed to be a sister of Antonio. Another supposed

also found a supposed 191 sister was baptized in 1782. We

sister baptized in 1778."

''';* Thus, although many students of the Book of Abra-

P ham have seriously doubted the supposed unclenephew relationship claimed for Lebolo and Chandler, this information suggests that Lebolo may have had a sister old enough to have been the mother of Michael ler's friends ordered them sent to New York, where Chandler. Further research may disclose that no

they were received at the custom house, in the winter relationship exists, however.

or spring of 1833. In April of the same year Mr. The report continues: "Finally the information we

Chandler paid the duties upon his Mummies, and were seeking came before our astonished eyes...."

took possession of the same."Perhaps Mr. Chandler The entry was in Latin, and in English it reads:

had received and then conveyed erroneous informa- "Lebolo, Joseph Peter Anthony [Lebolo, Giuseppe tion to Oliver Cowdery, or perhaps Oliver reported Pietro Antonio, in Italian], son of Peter, and Marianne, inaccurately; at any rate, confirmed research has the wife, born on the twentysecond day of January

shown that Lebolo was in Egypt from the years 1817 seventeen hundred and eightyone, and baptized being to 1823, and apparently made his discovery near held by the godfather Peter Morozzo and Maria, wife

Thebes in 1818. He died in 1823 at Trieste. of Bernard Meuta [godmother]."

Students of the story of the Book of Abraham have Since baptism was usually performed on about the long wondered about the supposed ItalianIrish relaeighth day after birth, according to the priest, this tionship between Lebolo and Chandler and thus have would place the birth date on or near January 14, energetically tried to learn all they could about the 1781. Further research by the missionaries disclosed

two individuals. Until recently, nothing has been that in 1775, Castellamonte had, over the age of seven,

known about Chandler, and little more about Lebolo. "3,234 inhabitants with 117 oxen and 10 workcows."

For some years it has been known that Lebolo was Pursuing the matter even further, the elders visited from the Piedmont area in Italy, and supposedly he the city municipal building where, after ascending

July 1968 17 to the attic, they found an "entire room filled with filed by, he could easily have written Chanler for huge, dustencrusted, handwritten books of city recChandler. Circumstantial evidence suggests that this

ords."Turning to the first book, dated 1822, they may be the Mr. Chandler who acquired the mummies.

found two property purchases of Antonio Lebolo—If this were the right Chandler, and if he were 32

purchase numbers 7700 and 7702—and were led later years old in 1828, his year of birth probably would

to the two lots by a Castellamonte policeman. have been 1796. The eldest of the supposed Lebolo

But of further interest in the longsupposed resisters would have been 18 years old in 1796, old lationship of Lebolo and Chandler is the new informaenough to have been a mother. The other two suption discovered by Jimmy B. Parker, research posed sisters would have been 14 and 13 years old.

specialist, Genealogical Society, who in searching the In addition to the purported LeboloChandler relapassenger list index of vessels arriving at the port of tionship, another tradition persists, based upon an

New York and the port of Philadelphia has probably account given in 1885 by N. L. Nelson at Brigham

found the entry of Michael H. Chandler. No Michael, Young University, that Chandler received the mumMike, Michael H., or M. Chandler entries were found mies from an "English Minister Plenipotentiary."Some

in the New York passenger lists from 18201846. The students have thought such a person would have been

Philadelphia passenger list index for 18001906 lists Henry Salt, a famous representative of the Crown in four Chandlers, all arriving on the steamship Republic Egypt, who died in 1827. But a reading of Salt's

on March 7, 1831. Their names were Alan, George, will discloses that he left everything to his sixyear-old

Isabel, and Marguerite. There was one additional daughter. (At Salt's death the daughter was placed

entry under Chanler, which gave the following in the custody of her grandmother, Signora Theresa information: Mike Chanler, age 32, male, laborer, Pensa of Leghorn, Italy. Although interesting, the

from Ireland, arrived on the schooner Eliza Jane connection with Italy apparently has no bearing on a

October 14, 1828, from New Brunswick. Since the supposed ChandlerSalt relationship.)

ship's clerk recorded the information as the passengers Obviously, the research is not over yet. O

Tourific!

inspirational MARGARET LUND LDS FILMS TRAVEL SERVICE EDUCATIONAL MEDIA SERVICES COSTS NO MORE..

R. Herald Clark THE WAY Building SMOOTHS Brigham University Young whether same amount pay the You Provo, Utah 84601 take personally time to make you

New Area Addresses allyouyourrelaxreservationswhile we make... or whether

BYU CHICAGO AREA FILM CENTER arrangements for you.

Inc. Films, Association

561 Hillgrove Grange, Ave., La III. 60525 TOURS EVERYWHERE - FOR ALL INCOME GROUPS

BYU EASTERN AREA FILM CENTER We specialize in:

Association Films, Inc. Free worldwide ticketing and

600 Grand Ave., Ridgefield, N. J. 07657 lodging arrangements* Business

accounts group and indi-—both BYU BAY FILM CENTER AREA all L.D.S. styles include 50 Some temple vidual Vegas Las packages

Inc. Films, Association in designs latest white and parchments. $16.50.

Ave., 25358 Calif. 94544 from Cypress Hayward, Matching albums, napkins, other Mormon

accessories. One day rush order service.

tour Portugal Spain 15day DESERET BOOK COMPANY City, Salt from Lake $578 Film Department meals. includes Weekly East 44 South Temple

Salt City, Lake 841 11 departure. Utah

Hawaii samples, for catalog tour—Send refunded 25c &

Angeles Center October Film Los Film Center SouthwesternBYU BYU 4 Islands and Temple. if order. air mail desired.) (50c on first Stereo Arizona Car c/o Smithc/o Library Hoist Film &

Country North 660 Olive Street South 2221 Club Drive REXCRAFT, Rexburg, Idaho 83440

Arizona California Angeles, 85201 Mesa, Los 90007

Suite Building Kearns 811, Name.

Ricks Center Film Canadian Film Centre BYU BYU Main South 136

Street Street Holmes 19th North 160 506 South

City, Salt Utah Lake 84101 Address Falls, Idaho 83401 Lethbridge, Idaho Alberta, Canada

Phone 3288981 City, Zone,. State -

18 Improvement Era Teaching ChurchConductedSchoolbySyitem(he

... when asked to,

solve a problem, he replied, can't tell exactly what to do, because I can'tDISCIPLINE love these kids I haveA Continuous

Process never seen."

of Guidance By Stanley E. Best

Southeastern Utah Seminary Coordinator

In my experience with teachers, the possible troublesome conditions from solve a case problem suggested to him question repeatedly arises regarding ever developing. However, some negain writing, "I can't tell exactly what

how we should meet and solve certain tive aspects may develop, and we most to do, because I can't love these kids disciplinary problems. The two words certainly need to consider these I have never seen. I can't look into

"discipline"and "disciple"have a problems. their eyes and talk to them. I must

common origin. Therefore, I like to With this definition in mind I shall feel of their spirit and get the Spirit of

think of a disciple as a pupil or a attempt to indicate some solutions to the Lord to guide me. I must love

scholar, one who follows the principles general problems of discipline and to each of them personally and indiadvocated by a teacher. Discipline, develop some solutions to specific vidually and know something of their

considered in this light, would then be problems. But for anyone to suggest friends, their family, their home, their

considered as systematic training under that he has the answer to every discibackground, and many other things the direction and control of an efficient pline problem and can tell another before I can devise the right answer teacher. teacher how to cope with each situato any problem."

Too often we think of discipline as tion would be to reach an erroneous Three conditions have been identi- a method of correcting an unruly child conclusion. It is impossible to take a fied by President David 0. McKay as

after he has become a problem. The longdistance stab at a discipline probcausing discipline problems in the

better concept, in my opinion, is that lem and come up with exactly the right classroom: (l)'the unprepared teacher,

discipline is a continuous process of answer. (2) the lack of student interest, and

guidance and control that eliminates One teacher replied, when asked to (3) the presence of an emotionally

July 1968 19 disturbed student. (The Instructor, Seplook for means to solve it. In rare take the class away from the teacher.

tember 1965, p. 342.) cases it might be better to permit a But the teacher has certain rights, and

The unprepared teacher fails to fit student to drop out of a class rather he should retain those rights by perlesson material to the needs and probthan to be forced to attend. Using sonally commanding the respect and

lems of his students. He teaches force in either a physical or mental consideration of the students. A teacher

without putting his personality into the way indicates a departure from one of should not permit a student to insult lesson and without the Holy Ghost to the greatest blessings and gifts given him. He must have strength of charguide him. I have noticed the reto us by our Father in heaven—free acter and develop the kind of personactions of students in numerous agency. ality that will cause young people to

classes and the methods used by each A student should not be forced to love and respect him. How can this

teacher. There are similarities in each leave a class; he can be told of the be done?

teacher's method, but when personaliproblem he is causing and then he can 1. Make a good beginning. Provide

ties are considered, it is not possible use his free agency to remain or to the most interesting, exciting, studentfor all teachers to control a class in a leave, but he must also know the recentered lesson possible. Be creative.

like manner. Each class becomes a quirements if he remains. It has also Be firm, fair, and friendly. Students

separate problem, but each teacher can been noted that students who have will look you over, talk you over, and receive the Spirit to guide him if he been allowed to make their own desome will want to work you over.

will seek it. cisions haye often left a class without 2. Teach students to respect the

The successful teacher teaches with bitterness toward the Church and have rights of others, "and let not all be enthusiasm and shares stories and returned later to become strong leadspokesmen at once; but let one speak

experiences pertaining to student needs ers. However, if they are forced to at a time and let all listen unto his

today, not to the needs of Moses nor attend, they may begin to hate the sayings, that when all have spoken

Abraham; but he does use the expericlass, the teacher, and the Church and that all may be edified of all, and that

ences of Moses and Abraham to assist everything for which it stands. every man may have an equal privithe class in reaching solutions. The teacher should teach, not enterlege."(D&C 88:122.)

A teacher must pray, or he will fail tain. Occasionally an entertaining 3. Begin classes promptly. Do not

to do the inspiring teaching the Lord situation is good, but there must be a let the class get out of control while expects of him. He should pray reteaching and learning pattern into the teacher is getting ready to teach.

garding specific situations that develop which the entertaining story or anec- 4. Be prepared. Have alternate

in the classroom. Usually there are dote fits before it can be justified as plans and materials to fill the unexonly one or two problems in a class, part of teaching. Just standing before pected gaps.

and the teacher should pray that he a class to tell jokes or entertain in 5. Be consistent. Do not have a

might solve these particular problems. other ways is not a teaching situation. different set of rules this week than

He might pray in this manner: "Help President McKay defines the emoyou had last week, and do not depend

me today to touch the heart of Jim tionally disturbed student as one who upon your mood.

and discover exactly what he needs. has no selfcontrol and who does not 6. Reprimand in private except

Help me to understand him and find respect the rights of others. He has when the student has offended the

what is causing him to react as he said: "What are the sources of disorder whole class and a public apology is in

does."To paraphrase an old saying, in the classroom? Disorderly conduct order. Follow the Lord's method of

"A teacher should pray as if everything should not be permitted in any class reprimanding: "Reproving betimes with

depends upon the Lord and then work in the Church or in any class in public sharpness, when moved upon by the as if everything depends upon the schools. Holy Ghost; and then showing forth

teacher.""A disorderly environment, one in afterwards an increase of love toward

Lack of student interest is often due which disrespect is shown to the him whom thou hast reproved, lest he to parents, or Church leaders, pressurteacher and to fellow pupils, is one esteem thee to be his enemy."(D&C

ing a child to attend a class he does not that will stifle the most important 121:43.) Correct problems immedienjoy. It may also be due to the genqualities in character. ately. Don't threaten—act!

eral attitude of his peer group. A "What are the sources of this dis- 7. Do not compromise, and do not

solution to this problem might be a order? I name... the presence of a try to win students'acceptance by

personal conference with the student hoodlum. What is a hoodlum? He is a breaking established standards.

or with the parents. Sometimes the spoiled brat. And a brat is an ill- 8. Listen to student problems. Acproblem stems from the home rather mannered, annoying child...."(Ibid.) cept feedback and learn from experithan the child, and when the teacher Such a student tries to gain attenence. Do not make the same mistake

understands the problem, he can then tion in class and may actually try to twice.

20 Improvement Era 9. Do not be drawn into an argu- "A disorderly environment...will stifle

ment. No one wins an argument in

the eyes of his opponent. the most important qualities in character."

10. Use your voice to advantage.

Never attempt to speak over a noisy situation, and do not be a monotone.

11. Use class officers as assistants

to the teacher. Have students help the

teacher by giving reports from the time is spent in control by compulsion. trip of Joseph and Hyrum Smith and

lesson material and by providing sugThe students appear to be interested their brethren to the Carthage jail, gestions for improving the class. only in their own affairs and think that concluding with events of the martyr12. Make no deals to gain control; everything that happens is highly dom. For 40 minutes these boys

do not bribe students. entertaining for the whole class. listened, enthralled with every word

13. Be positive. Negative teaching Is it possible that the teacher is of the story.

is discouraging and distressing. See satisfied just to tell or read the lesson It is the responsibility of the teacher

that every student has some success material and not involve the students to provide situations where students each day. in any constructive thinking and parwant to learn. The teacher who prays,

14. Alternate teaching activities. A ticipation? Many times a teacher is who is creative and willing to spend

change is as good as a rest period. subjectcentered and not studenttime in preparation, who personally

15. Show a sense of humor. Let centered. This may cause a definite loves each student, and who follows

students know that you are a goodlack of interest on the part of any or the principle of the Golden Rule can natured, cheerful, happy individual, and all students. A teacher must use a develop this ability. This is how a

are capable of laughing with them and variety of methods to capture the teacher may avoid and solve most at yourself. interest of a class. disciplinary problems.

16. Consider the physical comfort One outstanding teacher found himDiscipline situations that persist may

of students. Be conscious of the self in a class similar to the one menhave to be solved in a different manner,

temperature in the classroom. Stimutioned above. The regular adviser of according to the attitudes, personallate their cooperation in keeping the a deacons quorum was not present ities, and backgrounds of both the

room neat. when the time arrived for the class to student and the teacher. For example,

17. Make an honest appraisal of begin, and this teacher was asked to in one class there is a 17year-old

yourself. Are you trying to become a substitute. As he entered the classboy who sneers at everyone who tries

great teacher, or are you just putting room the boys were running around, to answer questions or cooperate in time because you feel that you must jumping over the seats, shouting at with the teacher. "Whatcha tryin'to

accept the call? Have students apeach other, and completely ignoring do,"he asks of these students, "be

praise you by answering questions on the new teacher. He quietly sat down, the next President of the Church? I'm

how situations in the class may be and without a word he took a stone only here because my mother gets too improved. The most accurate refrom his pocket and started tossing it tearful if I don't come, but I'm not

sponse can be obtained when the into the air and catching it. One boy doing anything. Understand? Now,

student's name is not required on the noticed what he was doing and came aren't you a smartie!"

sheet. Then use the suggestions to and sat beside him. Then another This boy is one of the "hoodlum"

improve teaching techniques. came, and another, and another, until types that President McKay mentions

18. Be enthusiastic. "It does not they were all seated and watching him at least his actions indicate this contake a muscle spasm to create a little toss the stone. clusion. However, what does the

enthusiasm."This word, originally Finally one boy said, "Why are you teacher know about the real boy? What

from the Greek, means "possessed doing that?"The teacher stopped his is causing this attitude? What support

by a god"or to be divinely inspired. action with the stone and said, "Some might the teacher receive from the rest

What a wonderful word for a teacher years ago, while walking near a bank of the class? We sometimes need to

to keep in mind. 1 of the Mississippi River between Carteach a group by teaching one indiNow let us consider some specific thage and Nauvoo, I picked up this vidual. The teacher should find his

class situations that were recently round, smooth stone. A great story interests (this will take more than the

brought to the attention of the writer. took place near there. Would you 45 minutes spent in a Sunday School,

In one class the students will not like to hear it?"MIA, or priesthood class), and let the

listen to any teacher, and in every They answered "yes"almost in unistudent talk his problem out.

class period about twothirds of the son, and he began his account of the Other students can sometimes help

July 1968 21 in the disciplining of an illmannered in which one boy plays the role of the and if we work and pray long and and emotionally disturbed fellow studisturbing student, and then other hard and gain a proper and full underdent. Peer group pressure can be members of the class may react to standing of the situation, a solution

very effective. The teacher might let him know that his attitude is recan be reached. O

plan, with some of the other students pugnant to the class. But even in

in the class, a procedure to be followed such a case, the teacher must be sure FOOTNOTE during the next class period in which of popular support from his class. Concepts taken from Classroom Discithe troublesome one disturbs the class. In every discipline problem we must pline(Californiaby EmeryTeachersStoopsAssociation,and John 1968)Dunworthwith

A roleplay situation may be simulated acknowledge that there is an answer, additions and deletions by the writer.

Richard L. Evans

The Spoken Word

from which a man can be made

a significant sermon, Phillips Brooks portrayed "the double parenIntage of every child born into the world—the heavenly and earthly

parentage. Many fathers and mothers who are eager to advance the

interests of their children never recognize this dual parentage,"he said.

"They treat their children as if these children were of their own making... oblivious of the fact that the child is also of God's making....

Sky Treasure We owe to our children above all things,... room enough to let them

By Patricia Clark Seely develop,... but according to the will of God expressed in their

temperament, their character,... and sometimes their genius."1 "A child

The clouds of gray are lined is not a block of marble, to be hewn out into what you will. A

with royal blue; child... is a plant which you are to set into the right soil of truth,

2 There is aTheir moistureladen fingers and then watch as it develops its own special nature."

cleanse earth's face. growing weight of evidence as to the importance of loving, teaching,

The fragrance of the rainsoaked encouraging children from the earliest years of youth—even earlier, in

sage infancy—and all along the whole developing length of life. A child

Intensifies the freshness of the untaught, unencouraged—a child unloved and left too much alone—

air, is likely not to have a very high opinion of himself. There is an obliAs mountain breezes sweep o'er gation always to help every child of God, at every age, at every level

hills, once dry, of life, to have a sincere awareness of his priceless importance and

Down into the valley, freshly possibilities, to extend his interests and activities, to respect himself green. and others, and to reach and more fully to realize the precious, limitless,

everlasting possibilities of life. We must cultivate young minds, all

Trod the sodden grass. minds, or we shall have dull men. And to those of whom the Savior

3 it is unthinkable that anyKnow that nature in such bounsaid "of such is the kingdom of heaven,"teous mood should be untaught, unloved, unencouraged, or left too much alone.

Has blessed all creation filled As has so well been said: "A boy is the only known substance from

with life, which a man can be made."*

And plenished earth's large cup with treasure, iPhillips2Ibid,, TheBrooks,BeautifulThe GateMother'sof theWonder.Temple.

Priceless in its beneficence,:iMatt.'Author19:14.unknown.

The gift of water, pure and r "The Spoken Word"from Temple Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia clear. Broadcasting System April 28, 1968. Copyright 1968.

22 Improvement Era Today's gasolines

all: need them

Higher Octane Ingredients AntiRust Additives

AntiKnock Compounds Platformate

ClimateTailoring Formulas DetergentAction Chemicals

All the things that contribute to total gasoline performance are important to you. And you get them all in Chevron gasolines.

The reason is very simple. Standard Oil never stops trying to improve its products. The continuous effort that makes this possible

is backed by research facilities that are the largest, most modern and most complete in the West.

to Gome Chevron Jsland!

(under the Standard sign)

STANDARD OIL COMPANY

OF CALIFORNIA

July 1968 23 About half an hour later we asked each other if we could believe the message

By Ed Pruyn

Edgar J. Pruyn of the Uniondale

(New York) Ward died this spring.

We didn't know we were looking for a church. We found it

almost by accident by viewing the movie shown at the Latterday

Saint pavilion at the New York World's Fair. Basically, my wife

Roseann and I were like any other couple, although perhaps endowed with an unusual amount of curiosity. Like others we

wanted to know the answers to three questions: Where did we come

from? Where are we going? What are we doing here? We

feel sure that all people have asked those questions in one form or another. In many instances, as in our own, we didn't specifically

ask them aloud, but inwardly we had asked them many times.

The movie at the World's Fair focused our attention on these issues. About half an hour after we left the pavilion we asked

each other if we could believe the message the movie had brought message—itto our attention.would Webe adecidedwonderfulnot onlybelief—butthat wealsocouldthat believewe shouldthe

believe the message. We had signed the guest register at the

pavilion, and in subsequent visits from the elders we came to know more about the message the Church was telling the world. We

were finally baptized on September 19, 196U.

How do our neighbors accept us as Latterday Saints? We

live in a cosmopolitan area, and seldom do we discuss religion.

But we have made no secret of our church affiliation, and our neighbors are amazed that we voluntarily joined a church that advocated such strong opinions against coffee, tea, tobacco, and alcohol. In our area these four substances are used heavily and have

almost become a necessity in neighborly gatherings, but our neighbors have come to accept us and our beliefs and have not varied their continuing friendship and neighborly interest.

We are proud of our membership in the Church and equally proud of the heritage with which membership in the Church endows us. We have read and studied Church history and know

of some of the costs that others have paid for the gospel. This is

a heritage and a challenge that cannot be taken lightly.

As soon as the bishopric felt that we had attained testimonies strong enough to carry responsibilities, we were given assignments.

My wife was first asked to be librarian of the Sunday School and then Sunday School secretary. I have served on the Boy Scout

committee, in the Sunday School superintendency, and as secretary of the elders quorum.

Since we joined the Church, many noticeable changes have occurred in our lives—some of them, perhaps most of them, noticeable only to us. One of the most important is that we have found

a peace and satisfaction that we had never before known. At first

we reluctantly used the terms brother and sister in addressing other members of the congregation. Later we found out ivhat the

terms brother and sister really meant when we ivent to the temple to be sealed for time and eternity. Those in the temple that day

set aside all personal considerations in order to help two strangers.

Then, two months after we returned from the temple, I had a severe heart attack. The brothers and sisteis of our ward offered

all kinds of help—mowing the lawn, painting the house, helping

with housework, and cooking meals. It gave us a sense of belonging to a brotherhood that knew no limits of expression, and these

expressions were made in very tangible ways.

There was another way in which our thinking changed: We

know a person who has a technical education and skills that are much needed and in demand. However, he likes alcohol and has

taken menial jobs to satisfy his desire for drink. At first, we were

disgusted with him and resented his presence in any gathering of which we were a part. Our present attitude is': here is a man

who needs help; how can we give it to him? For us, this is a

radical change of mind.

We have also found out how efficacious prayer can be, and we know that it is most efficacious when you pray for someone else. These are just a few of the many things we have learned

since we joined the Church—things that can't be proven by books

or in test tubes, but we know that they are true.

The real test of our faith came with my heart attack. We both

knew what was happening during the actual attack. In the few

minutes before the ambulance arrived, we talked together, agreeing that we were very blessed. We had been married for time and

eternity, and we knew that if we were to be separated, it woidd be only for a short time.

In the hospital we had many opportunities to tell other patients how we were able to be cheerful and contented. One day a Catholic

priest who regularly visited patients told me that he had been to Salt Lake City and had visited Temple Square. He asked about

our missionary program, who the men were who went on these missions, and how they were selected. He was amazed to know

that most missionaries had saved for their missions and that they were not supported financially by the Church.

It is difficult to indicate all that the Church has meant to us.

We envy those who have been lifelong Mormons, yet we are also glad that we are converts: we have seen and experienced how

very little the other side has to offer. O

They fell to their knees and voiced the prayers

that had been in their hearts

from the beginning.

illustrated by Dale Kilbourn

/ / i i w

I

I

>v V

s

Lest We Forget

Seagulls and Crickets By Albert L Zobell, Jr.

Research Editor

For those of the vanguard of the Mormon pioneers, the exodus was at an end. Their

leader, President Brigham Young, and many of his associates had gone east for their families the autumn before and had not yet returned to the valley. Great Salt Lake City, in that late

spring of 1848, consisted of four hundred log and adobe huts, all located inside the "Old

Fort,"and over five thousand acres of land under cultivation. The seventeen hundred souls

then in the valley were doing their best to "make the desert blossom as the rose."

Then from the direction of the hills came the black, destructive? Men looked—and wondered.

moving blanket of crickets. As it lunged forward the These were sea gulls, and as they lit in the fields,

Saints experienced darkness and despair, for the insects sharpeyed men and women could see that they were left not even a green spear of grass where a few gorging themselves, not on the tender blades of grain, moments before had been prosperous grain fields. but on the crickets. Filling themselves, the gulls

All available hands were called to the fields. All would fly off, disgorge, and return to the stricken

available methods of extermination—drowning, burnfields for more.

ing, clubbing—were tried, but to no avail. Foodstuffs, This was deliverance!

garnered and hoarded throughout the winter, were The date of this modernday miracle is unrecorded.

nearly exhausted. The Saints also knew that addiSome historians have said May 1848, some June, and

tional thousands of Saints were on their way to the some May and June. But on June 9, 1848, the presivalley of the Great Salt Lake. All would be dedency of the Salt Lake Stake sent a letter to President

pendent upon this crop that was now being destroyed Brigham Young and the Council of the Twelve, then as it grew in the fields. en route west, saying:

The leaders, resting momentarily in the fields, dis- "... there has been a large amount of spring crops

cussed the gravity of the problem. "Brother Smith,"put in, and they were doing well till within a few

said his second counselor, John Young, "it is your days. The crickets have done considerable damage to

duty to send an express to Brother Brigham and tell both wheat and corn, which has discouraged some, him not to bring the people here; for if he does, they but there is plenty left....

will all starve to death.""The sea gulls have come in large flocks from the

John Smith, uncle of the Prophet Joseph and presilake and sweep the crickets as they go; it seems the

dent of the Salt Lake Stake, thought for a few mohand of the Lord [is] in our favor...."(Journal

ments and then replied: "Brother John Young! The History, June 9, 1848.

Lord led us here, and he has not led us here to starveP # * # # #

When all else failed, men, women, and children The sea gull has become the Utah state bird.

fell to their knees to voice the prayer that had been The Sea Gull Monument, the work of Mahonri M.

in their hearts from the beginning. Suddenly a cloud—Young, grandson of President Brigham Young, was

a white cloud—appeared in the sky. Was this also unveiled on Temple Square October 1, 1913. Its

granite base, weighing 20 tons, is surrounded by a

Thomas Collins'letter to George A. Smith, Feb. 13, 1869. miniature moat fed from a fountain. Here rises a

July 1968 27 round column, 15 feet high, surmounted by a granite of this tableture it is different. She is holding a child

globe, upon which two sea gulls of bronze rest, having by the hand—through it she feels throbbing the call

a weight of about 500 pounds and a wingspread of of the future—the life of a generation of men and

eight feet. women yet to be...."( Comprehensive History of the

On three sides of the monument's base the sea gullChurch, Vol. 3, p. 354.)

cricket story is told in the simplicity of relief sculpture. The third tablet tells the pioneers'first harvest. The

The tablet on the east tells of the arrival of the piofourth records:

neers. The south tablet tells of the crickets'invasion;

B. H. Roberts described it thus: "The settler's fight SEAGULL MONUMENT

with the invading host is ended—he has exhausted all ERECTED IN GRATEFUL REMEMBRANCE OF THE MERCY

his ingenuity and his strength in the fight. He is OF GOD TO THE MORMON PIONEERS

beaten—you can see that in the hopeless sinking of his

figure to the earth, his bowed head and listless down Such is our heritage of the sea gulls and the crickets.

hanging hands from which the spade has fallen. May it always burn brightly in the souls of the

"Despair claims him and laughs. With the woman Latterday Saints. O

Pioneer Diary

By Jan Evans

The wagon master stopped the lumbering train.

"We've reached the mountains now"he said.

"Our teams are tired.

We must throw out whatever we can spare,

And save the oxen for the long, hard climb."

The wagons were unpacked.

We women culled The household goods to leave;

No tears were shed.

We drove away with scarce a backward glance,

Bequeathing to sun and lizard by the trail

Our hoard of Chippendale, carved rosewood chests,

Sterling and wedgewood, treasured heirlooms meant

To be passed down to granddaughters yet unborn.

Our hearts had chosen. Each of us still held

One thing she cherished most:

Love letters, ribbonbound;

The family portraits;

A laceedged christening dress;

A crumbling rose pressed in a dogeared book....

In other years we might recall, and weep.

We faced the West with only love to keep.

28 Improvement Era i3....

Marion D. Hanks, Editor

Elaine Cannon, Associate Editor

A What Was It Like to Be a Teenage Pioneer?

Leaving home was especially difficult for young march would be washed away; the trip would seem

pioneer men and women. Friends who had grown more bearable and the next day's heat less penedear had to be left behind. Familiar hunting trating than before.

places and the wonderful smells of the country Louisa Barnes Pratt reported that her second stores were left for others to enjoy. Yet there daughter, Frances, was given the responsibility

was the thrill that accompanies any move—anticiof making the fire early each morning. She took

pation for adventures still in the future. There her work so seriously that it was her greatest

was anxiety in the face of dangers that might be pride when others in the company would come to encountered. And there was faith that the new her to borrow fire in the early morning hours.

home would bring the happiness and joy that In the evenings teenagers created their own was lacking in the old one because of persecution. amusements. Whenever the companies camped

Young men and women in the pioneer period near level spots of ground where standing water reached maturity before their time. Often they had dried, leaving a hard, flat area, the young

were changed from childhood to adulthood overmen would usually propose a dance. The older

night. In the face of death, hunger, and disease, members, knowing their need for diversion, would

these young Mormons attained a maturity of faith generally consent. Most young people reported

that was often as solid as the rock upon which that nothing enlivened and cheered them like a

Christ had built his church. rousing square dance.

What were those days of the past like for a At various times picnics were held for the enteenager crossing the plains? joyment of all. Yet in the midst of merriment

Because wagons were crowded, young Mormons even the youth did not forget their prayers. Folhad to walk most of the way to the Salt Lake lowing dances and picnics, songs were generally

Valley. The miles must have seemed long and sung and then the members of the camp would

the walking eternal. Mary Catherine Smith was unite in prayer. Under the bright stars, with the

once caught in quicksand and just barely escaped sound of running water nearby, and an occadeath. sional howl of a wolf, or the lowing of an ox, they

On some occasions in the evening a creek would must have seemed especially close to their Heavbe dammed up and a baptism would be held. The enly Father.

young men were usually responsible for preparing Mary Roberts, a girl of 19, crossed the plains the area for this great ordinance. Following the with the responsibility of looking after her

baptism the pool of water would be used for brother Henry, a boy of ten. Mary had lost most

bathing. The accumulated dust of many days'of her clothes on the boat trip and was self30 Era of Youth

conscious of her appearance. She knew her several young members of his company had to be

apparel was thin, ragged, and out of style; yet she reprimanded by the captain for staying out too

hoped it would last until they reached the valley. late at night. It would seem that young people

She did not participate with the other young in that day were really no different than they are people in song and dance, but was one with them today.

in prayer. While hers was a lonely crossing, she In the evening after the animals were tended,

seemed to sense the greatness of the movement younger children fed, dishes washed, and everyto which she had been converted, and this seemed thing ready for the next day's journey, the Saints to give her strength to face the loneliness and to often shared their testimonies with one another.

endure the wearing of shabby clothes. Young people thrilled as older members of the

Susan Noble crossed the plains as a girl of 15. group told of their experiences with Joseph,

Her major task was to help other boys and girls Hyrum, and Samuel Smith. Others were held

herd the cows and sheep. They were cautioned spellbound as the heroic acts of Porter Rockwell,

to be especially diligent in their chores and to Stephen Markham, and other early leaders of the prevent the animals from drinking too much of Church were told and retold. They learned that

the brackish water. Experience had taught the it was worthwhile to live great and to die

leaders of the camp that animals soon became heroically. Many must have resolved that they

sick after drinking the terrible water found along too would live, fight, preach, and even die for the the way. gospel. Testimonies were nourished by the light

Susan remembered witnessing the death of of a campfire under a full moon on the great

Margaret Grant, her friend, and Margaret's plains as the truth of the gospel was attested to mother, Caroline Grant. In later life these two by both young and old.

tragedies stood out most vividly in her mind. Today as we cross the plains in cars, buses, and

Other events of the trek west seemed to pale in airplanes, we cannot share testimonies around a significance when compared to the passing away campfire, but the testimonies we share with one of her two dear friends. another in magnificent meetinghouses or lovely

The crossing was not all suffering, sorrow, and homes express the same truths as did the testideath. Young people had time in the evenings to monies of the Mormon pioneers. In fact, it is in

walk with boys or girls their own age. There part because of their heroic efforts that we can

were strolls by the river side, walks in cool bear witness today to one another that Joseph meadows, and discussions under the trees. In Smith was a prophet of God, and that the gospel

fact, on one occasion Hosea Stout reports that has been restored for the benefit of all men. O

July 1968 31 a'a tfVts it or- 6 o\>>A o S- Pou/d be So<

CZ)

Birdhouses tor Robins Wre By George Henry Illustration by Dale Kilbourn Dear Ann: Yesterday morning I didn't over and tugged on his shoulder, part joy jumped back to a time go to the office. I had spoken and he looked up and smiled at when I was not much older than

with you the night before, and me. You know how we love this Brent. I loved living, growing

I was feeling very sad. It rained young brother of yours. things—I don't know from

a little yesterday morning.. The Soon the rain stopped. A litwhere this love came—and I was

sky was a little dark; the air tle light from the halfhidden kind to plants and to birds and

was quiet. As I stood in the sun reflected from the wet grass to dogs and to very small things

doorway to the patio watching and leaves. A robin walked on that crawled and crept and to

the rain fall, Brent walked up the top of the fence. My heart other children, especially those

and stood beside me. I reached with a feeling of part hurt and who my inner feeling told me

32 Era of Youth were not as smart as I, nor as difficult process, but if I were feelings and aspirations for strong as I, nor as loved as I, nor setting down a few of the qualiBrent—to let you know how I

as good to look at as I, nor as ties that I would like Brent to feel about you. You are my first

welldressed as I, nor as good a possess as a man, I would child and my first love. Have I

ball player as I. Of all the birds, list these among them: honor, wanted too much for you? From

I liked the robins and the wrens integrity, love of mankind, you? I coidd not love you this

most of all: the robins because tenderness, intelligence, physical much and not also desire for

they came in the spring when strength and coordination, love you lofty concepts and accomthe sun came back and flowers and respect for womanhood, plishments. There has been pain

bloomed and my planted beans honesty, loyalty. I would also between us—mine because I feel

sprouted from the ground: the include moral cleanliness, selfso intensely about everything

wrens because they were so respect, zest for life and its you do, and what you do is what small and round. I built the problems and joys, social grace, you are.

birdhouses for robins and wrens courage, love of God, love of I remember the night I was—I don't know from where my family, special love for the weak working late at the office and

knowledge of birdhouses came and the lonely, good humor, unstarted thinking about our inand I thrilled in my young soul derstanding, dedication, cleanliability to talk to each other. I

in anticipation of the joy my ness, kindness, manliness. tried to work but coiddn't. Tears

works would bring to those beFrom time to time during filled my eyes, and a terrible loved creatures. Brent's boyhood and his growfeeling of defeat tightened in my

I would like to teach Brent ing to manhood, individuals who throat. My thoughts raced in

how to build birdhouses. Do you have a pleasing blend of these anguish. I wrote on the pad

wonder why I would like him to qualities will come along to nearby build for the robins and the stimulate him and inspire him.

wrens? I pray that these may be strong I wanted so much to have you see

What is difficult to know is influences in his life, and that the beauty that I saw.

what is wisdom and what is love I may grow in wisdom so that I no longer see the beauty that between a father and his son. my influence also may be a good thrilled my soul then.

But because I love him and one for him. I want Brent to My eyes have been clouded over

because he is so very special to learn to build birdhouses, and too many times with tears.

me, I cannot forget that the to throw a ball hard and If I could die without hurting sevenyear-old boy must somestraight. I want him to be a another heart,

day become the 20year-old man. strong friend among his fellows, If I could simply leave and no

And I ask myself what is wisand to be courageous, whether one would miss my going, dom and what is love between a fighting for country or virtue. I would curl up in a lonely place

father and his son. And when he takes a girl in his and close my eyes and wait.

A boy cannot be formed exarms, I want him to feel love And I would hope that God cept by the boy himself, and the and respect for her and offer her would forgive me boy cannot be made a man the finest manifestations of a For doing another wrong thing.

except by himself. I say what noble soul—nothing cheap or

does not need to be said except stolen, nothing cruel or unkind, Ann, I miss you very much that I want you to be aware nothing that lessens a man's and think of you every day. I

that I know this intrinsic truth. highest concept of himself and am pleased that you are working

Each of us decides what kind of his worth. This is how I love hard. You are made of good

man or woman he is to become, him, Ann. stuff, and you can be great when

and we must individually bear Dear Ann, I love you. Do you decide that only the best

the responsibility of what we you know how I love you? I love that you can conceive and acare. However, as the father of you in a special way like the complish is good enough for you.

the boy, I can love him; and, if precious gift that you are. I love Be a really good friend to those

I am wise enough, I can help you deep in the place where the you count as friends by standing him and inspire him to manly hurts pain the most of all and strong for the highest principles.

things of real worth. where the joys take away the I expect a great deal from you.

The making of a boy and a breath. And I love you, sweet Ann.

man is an infinitely complex and I have said a little about my Dad

July 1968 33 Revelation By James E. Faulconer

Usually revelation doesn't come like a wave which glides across the ocean to suddenly rise and throw its fluid, tumbling bo<y on the beach with pounding sound;

but like a redwood seedling lies covered with fertile, greenbrown mold, working to push its head through the surface, then finally emerges slightly bowed, prey for an unwary foot, and with time and circumstance slowly grows unnoticed until it stands in giantude, accepted as fact, its existence presupposing time.

TOP AWARD

X Editor's Note

Yearbook autographs usually follow a pattern. Here's one from a 17year-

old boy to his friend that is different.

p\

I..** ULm.. if*'i f "?jfo. fi jfr

it? xr*%!**p*(U %

THJj4*tfr TJrh&.'K'.

1 Xf

Era of Youth 35

oN H- +JS* o3o -to 05

SO

to

S3

so JEAN JUDKINS—senior at the University of Utah and president of

Delta Gamma sorority.

Les Girlsand theRM Growd JACK: Many missionaries feel that the young For instance, they aren't used to opening doors

ladies they dated before going on their missions for girls. And if the girls will just hold onto their

have changed by the time they return. At least coats for a couple of minutes, they may catch on.

this is the way I felt. I understand girls have a

similar feeling. What changes do you notice in KATIE: A boy is called on a mission right at

fellows as far as their dating habits are conthe time when he is beginning to broaden his cerned by the time they return from missions? social aspects. The girl is able to continue her

social life, so she relates in different social areas

JEAN: The greatest difference is that a girl has from the boy who has gone on a mission.

dated for two or two and a half years more than a boy at this point, and she is a lot more relaxed JACK: How do you think a young lady can help

and comfortable on a date. When the boy comes a returning missionary adjust to social life?

home, he has a sort of mental block toward dating. What is the young lady's role in helping him

He feels somewhat inadequate as far as knowing readjust to dating situations?

HHHBRH exactly what to do on a date—perhaps not inadequate, but insecure. So they are really on JEAN: The best way a girl can help is to put

different levels at the first meeting. the fellow at ease. They say a sign of a really

gracious person is one who makes someone else

TRICIA: I think that the boys are not so diffeel comfortable. If she can be natural and truly

ferent, but perhaps they hesitate a little bit more. interested in the boy, she can put him at ease

immediately.

Returned Missionary

38 Era of Youth TRICIA HENRIKSEN—member of KAREN WEGNER—president, Kappa JACK WIXOM—vice president of the

the LDS Student Association council, chapter of Lambda Delta Sigma. LDS Student Association at the Unistudent body officer at the University versity of Utah, in charge of public

of Utah, and member of Kappa Kappa KATHRYN HOOPES—member of relations and advertising. Returned

Gamma sorority. AWS council of LDS Student Assomissionary from the South German

ciation. Mission.

TRICIA: The girl has been used to dating, and exciting to find out about these things.

it is up to her to set the mood. She should start

by asking the boy questions and talking about TRICIA: We would all like to hear some, but it

herself or him, and things will start rolling from depends. A boy shouldn't talk only about his

there. mission, as if that were the only subject he could

discuss. He should be able to talk about someJACK: The fellow has had an exciting experience thing else other than himself. He should ask the

during his mission, and in many cases he's learned girl questions about herself and perhaps relate another language and about another culture. Do experiences in the mission field to present situayou girls feel as if he is imposing on you if he tions. But it shouldn't be a continual stream of

talks about his mission? I know that I am very mission talk. I love hearing about missions and

enthusiastic about Germany now, and I want to I love ivatching slides and everything, but you tell everybody about it. I am just wondering if shouldn't have to watch slides four nights in a

you girls turn off when I start talking about it. row r

KATIE: It would be very narrowminded of a JACK: It would probably take me that long to

girl not to want to know about the area where get through my missionary slides! I would per-

a casual he served, because he has been a participant in sonally be very interested on a date—just a different culture, a different climate, a different one, maybe, after church—to sit down and discuss

type of situation and environment, and I think the scriptures with a girl. Would this be imthat it would be very informative, interesting, and posing on you?

July 1968 39 JEAN: I think it depends on how well you know JACK: How do you prepare yourself for mar-

a person. I like to discuss religion with people riage through dating? When I came home from

I'm close to, but it's very personal to me and I my mission, the main thing that had been pumped like to be comfortable with the person to whom into my head, not just by companions but by

I am talking. If a couple have dated quite a bit, every member that I ever met in the mission

then I think this is an excellent way for them to field, was my responsibility to get married immeget to know each other better. But I wouldn't diately. I was not in a hurry and was counseled

want to do it on a first date or when we are still by my mission president not to be in a hurry;

getting to know each other. but still, the reason for dating is to look for a

wife. How do you think dating should be geared

KAREN: Sometimes it's better if it's a structoward preparation for marriage? Or do you

tured situation, though, such as a study group think it is that critical right now?

where the boys are good friends. Then you are

not on a oneto-one basis. TRICIA: I have strong feelings about this. I

think that when you're dating, whether it is in

JACK: It sounds as if you've been taken through high school or college, you should only date those

scripture quite a few times! Any other reaction people you think would be acceptable as a husband

to that? or wife. I know there are many times when people

say, "Oh, we're only dating. It will never end up

KATIE: I don't disagree, but I also don't think in marriage."And they keep dating and dating

you have to know someone really well to discuss and they soon end up married. It is important

the scriptures; this is an excellent opportunity to be selective. Boys have better opportunities

to find out about people. than girls do, because they can do the asking.

And returned missionaries have a special reTRICIA: Something like this has to be more sponsibility to date girls who uphold the standards

spontaneous than planned. If it is on a oneto-one of the Church. But the girls must also be selective.

basis, you don't say, "Okay, now we will go to I believe strongly that the people you date are church and then we are going to study scriptures the people you marry.

for an hour and a half afterwards."

KATIE: I agree to a certain degree, but I think

JACK: Do you girls have any suggestions for you can also become so bogged down with the

dating situations? idea that the people you are dating are the people

you are going to marry that you lose the whole

JEAN: I love study dates. If you're both going goal of dating—to have good times and get

to school, why not go to the library and study acquainted with others.

and then go and have a sundae afterwards?

JEAN: I think there is truth in both ideas.

JACK: Do you ever get any studying done? Maybe the place where you can draw the line

is how much you date a person you would never

JEAN: I really do. like to marry. You are being too selective if you

turn down a fellow just because you think he

KAREN: Campus lectures or activities make doesn't have the standards you are looking for

great dates. Boys don't take enough advantage in a husband. But to go out consistently with

of things like this. someone you know you won't marry or who does

not belong to the same church is playing with

JACK: Would you be terribly offended if you fire.

were taken to a student union movie?

KAREN: You have to use your own personal

KAREN: The films may be older movies, but I integrity on something like dating. The closer

enjoy them. I think the most important thing is you can come to dating someone who has your

not where you go, but how you react. If you own standards, the better you'll get along; the

enjoy what you're doing, anything will be enterdate will be more enjoyable, and the problems of taining! a poor marriage will be lessened.

40 Era of Youth What Has to Be Done LIVES THAT STAND By Marion D. Hanks

iNSPECTiorseries Illustrated by Dale K/lbourn

Sometimes we think of courage as the opposite only to find himself encompassed by encroaching of fear. But courage is something more, as many darkness when he finally headed home. He had

of us had reemphasized for us one night in a small no navigational instruments, and there was room in "The Brinks'* in midSaigon. neither a sight nor a sound that could guide him.

The young captain who spoke had his head He was totally lost and unable to find his way bowed in humility and emotion as he took his turn home. Praying and thinking of his family, he

in the circle of men who were testifying to each flew low, knowing the possibility of destruction other. He had arrived in Vietnam as the pilot of through collision with a tree or hill or barrier but

a huge bomber but had been assigned immediately desperately seeking a place to land. Through the

as a forward air controller. The small singledarkness and the clouds he spotted what appeared

engine planes he and his companions flew were to be a flat place, and he safely landed his plane extremely vulnerable to enemy fire, and the job on it.

they were assigned was a highly dangerous one. As he waited out the night, not knowing

"Every time I approach the airplane I am where he was or what moment trouble might tempted to run away,"he said. "And every time arrive, he prayed and sang and thought again of

I take off I feel like flying so high the enemy can't his loved ones. When dawn came, he found himhit me. Of course, I do take off and I fly low self on the halfusable airstrip of an abandoned

where I can do my job, over the jungles and the rubber plantation, and he took off and returned canals and the rice paddies. When I see something home without incident.

unusual, or when I draw enemy fire, I call in the As he talked, I knew all over again that courage artillery or the air strikes and stay around is not the absence of fear; true courage is manifest

spotting and doing my job. While I fly, I sing the in bravely doing what has to be done in spite of

songs of Zion and talk to God and think of my fears or foes or the foolishness of the crowd or the wife and wonderful children at home."taunts of the group. True courage is doing the

The captain told of an incident over a troubled right thing in spite of the odds or opposition or area where he had stayed to spot for the artillery, apprehension.

July 1968 41 On Scene With the Editors Youth is more than an age among you—older and younger ideals by the standards of good

bracket and a world apart. It is alike. We see you crossing the people who care and whose lives

breath and promise. It is inage barriers, closing the generaquietly prove to a wavering

volvement and exhilaration. It is tion gap successfully. In the world that they work—that

life. As your editors, we move Church we see you testing your Christianity works.

Impressed with each other... At the special sacred meeting When Lt. Col. Bernard T.

Jim Ryun, greatest miler in hisfor girls held in Brigham Young Fisher spoke in the Tabernacle, tory, with his modest report of University fieldhouse a time we couldn't resist stretching for long years of determined trainago, we met Laurie Williams publication the pattern of maning and discipline, and clean, and thanked her again for helphood. He's pictured answering

alert Mormon youth with their ing us on past issues of the Era questions about his Congreshigh personal standards. They of Youth. She recited one of sional Medal of Honor for Cub

met and talked at the NCAA her new verses, which talks Scout Gordon Marshall, Scout track meet at BYU. about snowflakes in spring, but McKay Edwards, Explorer Rick

we liked it enough to share it Marshall, and Priest Steve with you in the heat of sumBaker. He's truly a hero of the

mer.... war who honors God and lives

Snowflakes, have you forgotten? by his teachings.

It's spring!

Snowflakes, like bits of cotton

Intricately woven, Whirl endlessly, merrily, Through the sky, Alight on my lashes, momentarily

Blurring my vision, And die.

In Mesa, Arizona, we came across a truly remarkable endeavor. Youth set the pace and

made the mark in a scripture reading and memorizing project in the 14th Ward, Maricopa - jdmStake. The deacons quorum has Hk

a goal of each boy getting his

Eagle Scout award and filling Wk"-* a mission someday. The group

*7- 1 jIVv- -r>/includes Steven Plumb, Gary Frtfl Wki\ f.

Patterson, Stephen Nielson, mm % It i* jb9 Wr*v *H HF ""-1

John Jarvin, Bale Starks, John * M 1

Evans, Dean Smith, Don Griver, rflHB'Vv'Hk - fSM

Curtis Atkinson, David Pew, and Bruce Brooks. w m\ lis ixjymm

42 Era of Youth Grant B. Bitter, supervisor of vited the editors to visit with an some precious lessons and felt

Church seminaries for excepearly-morning seminary group our spirits quicken as we heard tional children and youth, inof deaf students. We learned them "speak"their testimonies.

In Apia, Western Samoa, has paid off in championships won Scout jamboree honors and

Bishop Arthur 0. Schwenke and and prizes and devotion to duty, proved to be champs in cricket

ward members have stirred up Girls have scored as softball and and basketball. All help enteractivity among their youth that cricket champions. Boys have tain tourists to their islands.

Getting to Know You

annual convention held in at ceremonies at Mt. Vernon,

Washington, D.C. The CAR Virginia, and overseeing all

is a patriotic and educaspiritual activities in the tional organization for young society.

people who are lineal deJohn, a recent convert to scendants of persons who the Church, is a priest in the served in the American RevoUniversity Second Ward, lution. North Seattle Stake, and

The national chaplain's is serving as a stake misduties include opening and sionary.

closing with prayer the sesJohn R. Berg, a student sions of the annual convenChristene Callister of Las sciences"at the Southern

at the University of Washtion and national board Vegas, Nevada, with her Nevada Science Fair. She

ington at Seattle, has been meetings, conducting the highly original science projalso received a secondplace elected national chaplain of memorial service held in ect "pupillometrics,"has ribbon in the biology secthe National Society of the conjunction with the convenwon the U.S. Air Force tion. Christene, a student

Children of the American tion, installing new national citation as "most outstandbody vice president and

Revolution at the society's officers and state presidents ing in the field of life National Merit finalist, has

July 1968 43 achieved her individual Lynna Faye Porter of average grade of 98 percent, award every year in MIA and Prescott, Arizona, has had which might not be unusual is a Primary teacher in the 100 percent attendance for had it not been a twoyear

Las Vegas Ninth Ward. She MIA, Sunday School, and course! He has built many

plans to attend BYU next sacrament meetings for the electrical appliances, includyear. She makes most of seven years she has been ing a stereo set. David is an

her own dresses and also in the MIA girls program. She organist in the Pointe Claire

sews for her mother and has earned her class awards Branch.

her little sister. and seven individual awards

and has the privilege of Molly Izatt of Grace, wearing a YWMIA gold Idaho, has been a student student body president of medallion. Lynna, who will at Utah State University as the South High School, was

soon graduate from beauty an English major. In 196667 appointed chairman of his

college, plans to work her she was president of the school's Operation Nepal, a way through Brigham Young USU 15th Ward YWMIA. This project to raise $30,000 for

University.

past year she served as a small Nepalese school in stake Gleaner leader of the Asia. Ram B. K. Shrestha,

Utah State University First headmaster of the school,

Stake. visited South High and said

that in Banepa, Nepal, they had no books, supplies, lab Gary Hatch of Beliingham, equipment, or furniture

Washington, was named only a building. The project

"Boy of the Year"at a to supply these items was school banquet in his honor. highly successful.

His fine LDS parents, Brother and Sister Gene Hatch, are proud of him. David James Smith, son

He is student body presiof Brother and Sister J.

dent, a star athlete, and a Waldo Smith of the Welling youthful Church leader. Ward, Taylor Stake, Alberta,

Lynda Tew of Orem, Utah, Canada, has always been is a finalist in the National faithful in his Church duties.

Janet Riding, of the Nor Merit competition, a Sterling He became a Queen Scout folk Stake in Virginia, has Scholar, and will be listed at the age of 14, and at 15 been named attendant to in "Who's Who in American became the first Welling the queen of the famous High Schools."She's active Boy Scout ever to be pre

Azalea Festival. She is very in seminary and MIA, has a sented with the Gold Cord

active in the Church and has parttime job, and has an and Bushman's Thong. He David Chan, 17, a priest

earned all her awards. She honors scholarship to BYU. has qualified for his Duty in the Pointe Claire Branch

is a school leader, too, and of the Canadian Mission, to God award, and at the is president of her seminary has just been accepted at present time he is secretary class.

Massachusetts Institute of of the YMMIA.

Technology in Boston as a National Scholar. David and

his family emigrated from Hong Kong to Quebec in 1963. His accomplishments

in electrical engineering began at an early age, and several years ago he comLynn Curtis, a priest in pleted a course in electronics the Palos Verdes East Ward in three months with an of Torrance, California, and

44 Era of Youth "The Presiding Bishop Talks to Youth About PatriotismBy Bishop John H. Vandenberg

In a book entitled Ifs of History, J. E. Chamberlin considers

what the outcomes would have been if some of the significant events of the past had been altered by slightly different decisions or circumstances. For example, he considers what would have

happened if George Washington had become a British midshipman, which in Washington's fifteenth year all but took place. A midshipman's warrant was obtained for him, and even his luggage was

placed aboard ship, but at the last moment his mother withdrew her consent.

It is interesting to speculate what America would have done without the leadership of George Washington. Historian Hubert H.

Bancroft said concerning him, "The country was an instrument with thirteen strings, and the one master who could bring out all their harmonious thoughts was George Washington."

The decision made by Mary Washington on that summer day in 1746 had a profound effect on history.

If a book on a similar theme could be accurately written about the immediate future, it would no doubt show that our period of history is at the apex of one of the major "ifs"of all time.

It is not difficult to see that we are living in a troubletorn world. Lawlessness is increasing at a fearful rate; citizens are

rioting and looting in their own cities; youth are urged by some

to abdicate their responsibility for the future. It seems that there

are problems on every hand. Yet we know the situation is far from

being hopeless: you, the youth of the Church, provide the hope.

If nations are to resolve their domestic and international problems, it will require a generation of courageous and patriotic young people whose principles are firmly grounded in righteousness. The founding fathers of the United States knew that "where

the Spirit of the Lord is, there is liberty."(2 Cor. 3:17.) The

strength of the country begins and lives as a result of the people's faith in God.

George Washington acknowledged God's direction and stated:

"Of all the dispositions and habits which lead to political prosperity, religion and morality are indispensable supports.... reason and

experience both forbid us to expect that national morality can prevail in exclusion of religious principle."(Washington's Farewell Address.)

Lincoln also understood that the strength of a nation derives

July 1968 sit from the personal righteousness of its people:

"God rules this world—it is the duty of nations as well as

men to own their dependence upon the overruling power of God, to confess their sins and transgressions in humble sorrow.... and

to recognize the sublime truth that those nations only are blessed whose God is the Lord."

The Bible says: "Righteousness exalteth a nation...."(Prov.

14:34.) It is personal righteousness that can lift a nation from its

own mire. America, as well as other nations, needs a generation

of young people who have righteous convictions.

The power of individual righteousness cannot be overestiDelight mated. Many times in history the righteousness of one individual

the exotic has often been the leaven to raise an entire nation.

warmth of Joan of Arc, a 19year-old peasant girl, lifted France from the

Tahitian sunsets - dredges of defeat and led its armies to victory through her inspired fish in the world's greatest waters in New courage.

Zealand - shop in bustling Mormon, the Nephite prophet, was appointed by the deAustralia - discover the British generate Nephite nation to be the leader of its armies. Even

atmosphere of the Fiji Islands - though he was only 16 years of age, his personal righteousness set thrill to the culture of Samoa. him apart as a leader.

Be enthralled with the majesty David, the young shepherd, saved his country by having of the New Zealand Temple and enough faith in the power of God to walk into the valley and face meet the warm friendly Saints the great champion of Gath.

on this South Sea Adventure. When Moroni, the chief commander of the Nephite armies,

saw his nation being torn by dissension, "he rent his coat; and he

took a piece thereof, and wrote upon it—In memory of our God,

our religion, and freedom, and our peace, our wives, and our children—and he fastened it upon the end of a pole.

"And he fastened on his headplate, and his breastplate, and his shields, and girded on his armor about his loins; and he took

the pole, which had on the end thereof his rent coat, ( and he called it the title of liberty) and he bowed himself to the earth, and he prayed mightily unto his God for the blessings of liberty to rest

Directors of this fascinating tour are

Dr. Richard L. Gunn (I), world traveler upon his brethren, so long as there should a band of Christians

professor of art at and Brigham...

L. University, Green, remain to possess the land. Doyle Young and

editor managing Improvement of The "And therefore, at this time, Moroni prayed that the cause authority Polynesia. Era and an on

For information write: of the Christians, and the freedom of the land might be favored.

"And it came to pass that when he had poured out his soul to

God, he named all the land which was south of the land Desolation, yea, and in fine, all the land, both on the north and on the 4 south—A chosen land and the land of liberty.

"And he said: Surely God shall not suffer that we, who are

DEPARTMENT OF TRAVEL STUDY despised because we take upon us the name of Christ, shall be

BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY trodden down and destroyed, until we bring it upon us by our

Provo, Utah 84601 own transgressions.

"And when Moroni had said these words, he went forth among the people, waving the rent part of his garment in the air, that all might see the writing which he had written upon the rent part,

IN USE FOR OVER 75 YEARS and crying with a loud voice, saying:

Aids in treatment of simple sore "Behold, whosoever will maintain this title upon the land, let throat and other minor mouth and them come forth in the strength of the Lord, and enter into a throat irritations. covenant that they will maintain their rights, and their religion,

that the Lord God may bless them."(Al. 46:1213, 1620.)

HALL'S REMEDY Salt Lake City, Utah

46 Improvement Era

Each of these individuals, as well as others that could be mentioned, demonstrates convincingly the importance of personal righteousness in preserving the strength of a nation. There is no

greater way that we can demonstrate love for our country than by making part of our own lives the principles which make a nation strong. George Washington expressed this idea in these words:

"It is substantially true that virtue or morality is a necessary spring of popular government."

Like Moroni of the Nephite period or David of ancient Israel, we need to have the courage to declare openly our allegiance to our country and to the principles that preserve her strength.

The Prophet Joseph expressed this thought concerning the

United States: "The time will come when the destiny of the nation

will hang upon a single thread, at that critical juncture, this people will step forth and save it from the threatened destruction."

(Recalled by President Brigham Young, Journal History, July 4, 1854, p. 7.) This is the call for us to gird ourselves with righteousness and step to the foreground in support of the principles upon

which the future of our country depends.

There can be no question as to how the youth of the Church will meet these challenging times. The course is clear. President

David O. McKay has outlined that course in these words:

"In these days of uncertainty and unrest, libertyloving peoples'greatest responsibility and paramount duty is to persevere and proclaim the freedom of the individual, his relationships to Deity, and the necessity of obedience to the principles of the gospel of Jesus

Christ. Only thus will mankind find peace and happiness."(The

Improvement Era, December 1962, p. 903. O

Poplar Pageantry

By Helen M. Terry

On country tours I always thrill to see

Majestic poplar's rectilineal rows

Closecurtaining a farm with privacy

Or striding through a field where lucerne grows;

NEW PLEATED Unrivaled, starring in a lowland scene, YOKE SHEATH

With dryad dance or statuesque and still, $20.00

Costumed in glittersilver and cool green,

Against the backdrop of a purple hill. Our exclusive, elegant, mattefinish

tricot design—accented with sheer,

Sometimes along a peaceful waterway permanent pleats at yoke and sleeves.

They stand, immobile branches lifted high. Exquisite with pleated accessories.

Then sudden storm provokes a frenzied sway, White, 100% Nylon Tricot. Dripdry.

And lofty plumage featherdusts the sky. P, S, M, L. #SSD-D.

Matching Slip. 30 to 38. #6245. $8.00

In retrospect, my thoughts go winging far, >'

And rest, enraptured, where the poplars are. MailPostpaidCheckin orU.S.A.M.0.

Phone: 4873621

2511 S.W. Temple Salt Lake City, Utah 84115

July 1968 47 A NewLook at the Pearl of Great

ByDr.HughNibley

Part 3. Empaneling the Panel Illustrated by Oave Burton

Qualified for What?—"But surely,"then proceeds to cite examples in the sonal, according to Jean Capart, things

we hear again and again, "such great field of biblical scholarship, but the having reached the point where "the scholars should be able to decide on best examples of all must surely be authors sometimes confine themselves this particular case without any furnished by the Egyptologists. to reading nothing but their own works

trouble."Should they? Being a Every Egyptologist is by necessity a while systematically turning their

great scholar, while it gives people the specialist, if only because Egyptian is backs on those of their colleagues."4

impression that one is an authority on written in three totally different scripts, Many years ago Capart cited Heinrich many things, is possible only because and as the outpouring of specialized Schaeffer's complaint that the study of one is an authority on few things. It studies has steadily increased in Egyptian religion had made little or

is precisely the great authority, C. S. volume, especially since World War II, no progress through the years because

Lewis reminds us, that we should misthe specialists have become ever more the experts, like the blind wise men trust: "It sounds a strange charge to specialized. Jean Leclant noted in 1966 examining the elephant, were each

bring against men who have been that the last of the real "allround"content to study and report on one steeped in those books all their lives,"Egyptologists are fast dying off. 2 limited department only; all their

he writes of the leading New TestaShortly before his death, Sir Alan lives, Capart notes, Maspero and ment scholars, "but that might be just Gardiner, who was certainly one of Wiedemann had protested against that 5 the trouble. A man who has spent those great ones, complained that it sort of thing—but in vain.

his youth and manhood in the minute was "impossible for any student to In 1947 an attempt to organize an study of New Testament texts and of keep abreast of all that is written save international society of Egyptologists other people's studies of them... is, at the cost of abandoning all hope of (a thing that any sensible person

I should think, very likely to miss the personal contributions."3 And those would think to be totally inevitable

obvious things about them."1 Lewis contributions become ever more perin such an ancient and peculiar

48 Improvement Era By stating with by emotional religious elements that the evolutionists hammer and tong, great emphasis and clarity make it necessary in screening the jury maintaining that "the whole applicato ask two main questions of each: tion of a supposed law of evolution to

his views on religion in (1) whether he is equipped by training the religious and secular history of the general and Joseph Smith to give a thorough and definitive inancient Orient is founded on what we terpretation of the plates and texts in now know to have been a huge misin particular, the Pearl of Great Price, and (2) take...."16 But later in life he behe disqualifies himself whether he is temperamentally qualicame even more vigorous in assailing

for the jury. fied to do so. fundamentalism: "When I was a

Five of the scholars consulted by boy,"he recalled shortly before his

Bishop Spalding were among the death, "... there were some old

most learned men who ever lived. fashioned people who still believed

Each of them was a giant endowed that... some of them [the books of

far beyond the normal run of men the Old Testament] were written by with independence of mind, imaginaMoses himself... and we of the

tion, curiosity, insight, energy, and younger generation, trained in the brotherhood) fell through completely integrity. Yet as we look them over critical methods of Germany, were

for specialists are a jealous lot. Adrian it appears that each is uniquely ununable to accept the dogma; it rested

de Buck even charged Egyptologists qualified to pass judgment on Joseph only on unproved assertions."Of

with discouraging others from studySmith as a translator, at least on the course there is no excuse for that sort ing Egyptian6; and G. Roeder reports basis of the information supplied by of thing any more. "A new era has

that his translations of religious texts Spalding. Let us take them in order dawned upon us, the scientific method

had to buck "the current of opinion of their seniority, labeling them with... has furnished us with facts inand the sovran [sic] personalities in the titles Dr. Spalding gives them. stead of theories."17 And so he ticks

the field,"who opposed his ideas "with 1. "Dr. A. H. Sayce, Oxford, Engoff the wellworn and now discredited

much headshaking and rude condemland,"or, more fully, the Rev. Archicliches of scientism with evangelistic

nation"before they finally began to bald Henry Sayce, D. Litt., LL.D., D.D. fervor: "An inductive science deals

give way. 7 The very nature of Egyptian (18451931). Sayce was born with a with objective facts and not with

studies, in which the unknown so phenomenal I.Q. and plenty of money, tastes and predilections.... like the

completely overshadows the known, and "his attitude to life was that of a geologist, the archaeologist has had to has always encouraged specialization, fastidious ascetic,"according to his leave catastrophic theorizing to the for as Chabas noted a hundred years fellow Welshman and fellow genius literary amateur"18; we must forget

ago, it is possible for each student "to F. L. Griffith. 11 Free to do pretty much the idea that "similarities in techfind in Egypt whatever sustains his as he chose, he was constantly traveling nique [e.g. of pottery] indicate rela19particular views."8 about; he "knew about every great tionship"—for diffusion is a myth.

Today even the specialist, according personality in Europe in the past two He has no patience with historians to Siegfried Morenz, "is in constant generations"12; and "in the course of who want to measure civilization by

danger of losing his grasp even of a his long life he seems to have seen the thousands of years, for he has special area, such as Egyptian reeverything and everybody that was inproven that "civilization cannot be ligion."9 How specialized Egyptian teresting."13 measured... by millennia... civilized

studies have always been may be inAt the age of 18, according to Stephen man in the fullest sense of the word ferred from the report of G. Goyon in H. Langdon, "he proved that he knew is immeasurably old.... archaeology

1963, that the problems of the Great Hebrew, Egyptian, Persian and Sanis repeating the lesson of geology and

Pyramid, which have had enormous scrit,"and that "he had a firm grasp physical science."20 This is the sort

popular appeal for more than a cenof the state of cuneiform studies."In of thing Griffith refers to when he

tury, remain unsolved, because "the time he "had a good knowledge of writes, "His vivid imagination and inscholars who have really studied it on every Semitic and Indoeuropean lansight frame pictures of events and of the scene can be counted on the finguage, and could write good prose in interpretation in which he too often gers of one hand."10 at least 20 languages."And yet this mistook the sharp lines of the picture

Tucked away in a highly specialized paragon "never became a great specialfor fact,"21 and of these "facts"he corner of this highly specialized field ist in any subject"; he was too volatile, would brook no criticism, for "he was

are three highly specialized papyri "always moving from place to place. impatient of the claims, the pride, and

supplying with their highly specialized... Any subject lost its attraction for the reticence of exact scholarship."21

commentary illustrations to a highly him as soon as the period of decipherSayce's Egyptological researches are specialized account of Abraham in ment passed."14 He left no lasting typical of his methods. For a number

Egypt. The peculiarities of the Facmonument,"writes Griffith; "... one of years his own Nile boat, the Ishtar,

similes and the explanations that go cannot but feel that his marvelous might be seen searching out unfrewith them cry for careful specialized gifts were out of proportion to his quented spots along the banks of the investigation. So the question we accomplishments."15 Or, as Langdon great river, where he would discover

have to ask here of every member of puts it, "his greatness was never renew ruins and inscriptions, only to the Spalding jury is not whether he vealed in his work."But how is one leave them behind for others to study. 22

knows a lot, but whether he is to measure gifts save by accomplishIt is significant that of the many inequipped to deal with this particular ments or greatness apart from works? scriptions he discovered and copied

problem. The problem is complicated In his younger years Sayce attacked down, he is always careful to translate

July 1968 49 FflmKodak the Greek and Latin ones in full possible to imagine a man more indeDEVELOPING (though most of his readers could read pendent in his ways and selfcontained

Greek and Latin well enough for in his thinking than A. H. Sayce, that

themselves), while he never attempts man must be Dr. Petrie. We can

to translate any of the Egyptian inillustrate this by a story told by ProSAVES50X scriptions. 23 Why not? "His metier fessor Georgerog Steindorff to a small

FAST CONVENIENT wasnew,"thatwroteof Langdon,a deciphererexplainingof anythingthat groupeightieththatbirthdaymet to celebratein 1942. PetrieSteindorff'scame

QUALITY SERVICE hewas lostcracked.interest24 Butas surelysoon theas decipherthe code eveningdown to inmeet1894theas Nilethe boatyoungoneSteinhot

ing of Egyptian was far newer and dorff disembarked at the scene of more challenging in the 1890's than Petrie's operations in upper Egypt.

the reading of Greek and Latin. In the The great man conducted his guests

same way Sayce, though criticizing to his tent for dinner, which was to

COLOR Josephother memberSmith moreof theseverelybig five,thanis anythe consistof rice,of completelyan enormous,coveredheapingwithbowla only one of them to preserve complete mantle of bluebottle flies. Professor

K0DAC0L0R silence regarding the Facsimiles. Petrie in his hearty manner invited

Developing and SUPER SIZE Prints Sayce's speciality was Assyriology, not the party to fall to, but when some 8 Exposure Rolls:... $2.55 Save 77? Egyptology, and while in the former of them hesitated he reached for a box

12 Exposure Rolls:.. $3.00 Save $1.48 field, according to H. R. Hall, "the of Keating's Insect Powder and

Reprints from NegS:. $.20 ea. Save 9c Professor must be judged by his peers,"showered its contents liberally over

Super Size Prints are 4x4 with 50% Greater his speculations in Egyptology "do not both flies and rice, saying as he did so,

Picture Area carry much conviction."25 "I've found that it kills them—but it

is side to this not doesn't another a remarkThere Such kill me!"man was KODACHROME or EKTACHROME

his the overlook, for to able that course not by from be deterred we must man

Developed into Slides or Movie Film though Dr. Sayce was greatly annoyed opinions of others. Petrie's strength

35 mm, 20 Mounted Slides: indeBible literally, complete took the was by people who his weakness—his

for it possible remained and always pendence a churchman $1.35 Save75< he of mind made

35 mm, 36 Mounted Slides: fiercely loyal to his church. "Attached him to make real discoveries where

$2.40 Save $1.00

Super 8 Cartridge or 8 mm Movie Roll: by generations of his heritage to the timid souls would never have ven-

$1.35 Save 75* ancient traditions of the Church of tured, but at the same time it blinded

England,"to follow Langdon, Sayce him to the valid objections that others

BLACK & WHITE "regardingapply to theallculturelearningof hiswhichpeopledid andnot mightpretations.have to his theories and interDeveloping and Jumbo Prints his Church as useless."26 His native An only child, Petrie never went to

selffirst language from the Welsh. was was school—he

.. Rolls: Exposure 8 51.85 Save $ ( selfdirected; just "he well does was educated and how this man Now

... Rolls: Exposure 12 $1.00 Save 88f writes to qualify of impartial pass teamwork,"incapable judgment on

.. Rolls: Exposure Save $1.35 $1.45 D 20 his as translator? a Brunton—"Petrie Joseph Smith By biographer Guy

.. Rolls: 36 Exposure Save $2.72 $2.00 aristofastidious is the need of companhe temperament felt no seems to have

GENEALOGY PHOTOS crating movingthe vulgar;in exaltedabove circles,all hedisdainis the toionship;the ideasnor wasof heothers."very 27sympatheticWith a

life in austere, limited outlook on uncompromising "somewhat churchman

Negatives from old photos:

efforts never boasted general,"that he he the had of an he judge would.60 Save 40 $ ( how

the theater. rustic was he uneducated the been to a from American 27 Though Prints from negatives: Save At $.08

frontier? By training he is the spoiled greatest practitioner of scientific

INSTRUCTIONS: Check your order above and fill dilettante to whom everything came archaeology in modern times, "even

and entire address below in name Wrap form easy, impatient of criticism, opinionwhen visited by those having great film include your and exposed around in heavy duty envelope along with your remittance No ated, and dogmatic in his own views. experience in archaeology he preferred

please C.O.D.'s order: Minimum $1.00 We is listen"It 28; and talk rather than a tossup which A. H. Sayce would to

full credit for pay return You receive postage his life, intellectually "he hostile archaeology was to Smith: though be more any unprintable negatives or overpayment. any

Utah residents add 3Vfe% State Sales Tax. the early clerical Sayce who "regarded never visited the excavations of

as useless"all learning that did not others."29 With his own work "there

NAME (PLEASE PRINT) support his church, or the scientific must be no interference or deviation,"

ADDRESS Sayce, invincibly opposed to superand "having once arrived at a connaturalism. The two meet and mingle clusion he was extremely averse to

CITY STATE ZIP in the Sayce of 1912, who dismisses modifying it in any way."30 So as

Check if you want Film Mailer Envelopes at no the Book of Abraham with eleven time went on, "Petrie's views on all charge contemptuous lines. For all his great manner of subjects... crystallized into

learning, I don't think Dr. Sayce rates stated facts"from which he was not

YOU MUST BE SATISFIED OR YOUR a place on this particular jury. to be moved. 31

MONEY WILL BE PROMPTLY REFUNDED 2. "Dr. W. M. Flinders Petrie, LonThis intransigence was abetted, if

MAIL TODAY TO don University"(18531942). If it is not actually caused, by the nature of

SAM'S PHOTO LAB P.O. Box 1115, Dept. X, Salt Lake City, Utah 84110

50 Improvement Era Petrie's education, which in turn was determined by his complete inability..the only time Meyer was able to fill his

to learn languages. At a tender age.

he had a tutor to teach him "French, lecture halls was

Latin, and Greek grammar, for which he had,"according to Brunton, "no when he spoke on the Mormons."

aptitude whatever. A breakdown resulted, and for two years he was left

toagain—"freshhis own devices."attemptsThenwerethey madetried spelledknew morethe name)about theMeyerwhole(18551930)field of brushedproblems, asidee.g. hisorhistoryoverlookedof the U.S.real

with the grammars, but it was found ancient history than any other man "is hasty, biased, superficial and into be hopeless...."32 So he became his who ever lived. He was the greatest accurate...."39 When the U.S. deown teacher and did the things he was scholar since Scaliger, and it would be clared war on Germany in 1917, Meyer,

really good at: "Essentially a practical hard to think of some way in which it is said, ran down Unter den Linden

field worker of great ability, he made his learning might have been more with hair flying, declaiming wildly, contributions of the highest value, but extensive than it was, or more producand tearing his honorary Harvard had no flair for research in epigraphy. tive—though he himself declared at diploma to shreds.

He was prone to base his theories on the end of his life that his generation Still, if any scholar was competent inadequate premises...."33 He exof scholarship had erred sorely in to pass judgment on Joseph Smith, it

pressed his settled opinions on religion trying to be so everlastingly "scienshould have been Meyer. An indicashortly before Spalding apealed to him, tific"about everything instead of tion of his peculiar independence and

in a book in which he declares that trusting more to their intuition and deep insight is seen in the fact that any feeling of a need for repentance is instincts. Because of his wholehe always regarded Mormonism as a

the index of a "morbid mind,"34 and hearted and singleminded dedication phenomenon of enormous importance that "the last branch of unbalanced to the documents of the past which in the history of religions. Professor

religious experience is that of Hallucifrom childhood he was determined to Werner Jaeger recalled that the only nations,"which "enter so much into search thoroughly and systematically, time Meyer was able to fill his lecthe scope of mental disease that it is Meyer's judgments often seemed to ture hall in Berlin was when he 36 insight. prophetic of almost talked the place useless detail of so smack to begin upon the on the Mormons—then

35 were bewrote Walter Otto, His mistakes, packed, a subject."farspreading because then Meyer was

So here we have another spoiled often more valuable than other men's came alive as never before. Meyer,

only child, a law unto himself (no need facts 37; he laid the firm foundations according to Walter Otto, "was the

for him to repent!) reaping the rich of Egyptian chronology, vindicated the first secular historian ever to tackle the

rewards of independent thinking (and historicity of the Old Testament problem of the origin of Christianity how we could use a little of that type against Wellhausen and his school, the centralproblem of World History,"of thinking in our own society!), but was rivaled only by Breasted in his and in Mormonism he saw the best

paying a high price for the luxury of contributions to Egyptian history, exguide. 40 He was convinced that "Moralways having his own way. Not a ploded the evolutionary theory of monism... is not just another of

linguist by any means, he is hardly economic development, first showed countless sects, but a new revealed rethe man to call in for a study of all the importance of Iran in Jewish and ligion. What in the study of other

but illegible documents; and, utterly Christian tradition, anticipated the revealed religions can only be surmised

averse to any hint of the supernatural Dead Sea Scrolls in discerning the after painful research is here directly in religion, he is even less likely than important role played by the desert accessible in reliable witnesses. Hence

Sayce to give Joseph Smith a fair sectaries in early Christian and Jewthe origin and history of Mormonism hearing; then too, quite aside from his ish history, opened up the world possesses great and unusual value for

onesided training and religious prejuof the Hittites, gave the world the first the student of religious history."41

dice, would the man who had not the real picture of ancient Greece, and was He had visited Utah in 1904, and a patience or courtesy to listen to the the last human being to find himself year before Spalding's book appeared, opinions of his most eminent colin a position of being able to write a he had published his Ursprung und leagues or to visit their excavations general history of antiquity from the Geschichte der Mormonen. In that

take time off to give careful attention sources of his own learning. Like the book Meyer had made it perfectly

to the 80year-old writings of a young other members of the panel, he was clear just what he thought about farmer from New York? Indeed, while largely selftaught and always went Joseph Smith, whom he regarded as a

Petrie confirms statements of the Book his own way, a pioneer wherever he prophet in exactly the same sense in of Abraham in a surprising number of went; but unlike the others, he had which Isaiah, Jeremiah, and (to a

instances, he would be the last man a healthy sense of his own limitations lesser degree) Mohammed were on earth to recognize the fact, and all and freely admitted his mistakes and prophets. He was free to run the risk

Spalding got from him on the subject changed his views when the evidence of paying such high tribute to the was a terse offhand opinion. What else required it. 38 Mormon prophet because everyone

could he expect? I think we should Also, he had his blind spots. He knew that he did not for a moment

excuse Dr. Petrie from serving on this could not understand art, according believe that there ever was such a

particular jury. to his biographer; he lacked any thing as a true prophet; in keeping

3. "Dr. Edward Meyer, University aesthetic sense; he was impatient and with the lofty scholarship of his day,

of Berlin."Eduard (Spalding misusually in a hurry, so that he often Meyer disdained to grant the smallest

July 1968 51 LDS BOOKS AND RECORDS 15% CASH SAVINGS ON OVER 500 SELECTIONS 20% savings on selected titles

details to and obtain on your books how records and LDS at of probability to any proposi- a measure of savings percent sent request; and they will upon be 15 20 included with FREE Catalog supernatural. tion tainted with the order. your selections you when

THOMAS JEFFERSON AND LIFE EVERLASTING MAN MAY KNOW FOR That, as Otto points out, is what

S. Crowther by Duane HIMSELF his RESTORATION THE OFTHE spoiled should been have what

(reg. $4.50) $3.60 Pres. David 0. McKay GOSPEL JESUS OF CHRIST Origins that greatest the work, on of (reg. $4.95) $3.96 J. Stewart by John THERE'SALWAYSMOTHER in in "everything Christianity, which

(reg. PROPHETS, PRINCIPLES $1.00) 750 Eyring Caroline by

explained of Christ the person be must Miner AND NATIONAL (reg. SURVIVAL $2.95) STORIES $2.51 OF JESUS FOR

Jerreld by L. Newquist. rationalistic never grounds. on He LDS CHILDREN

(reg. $5.50) $4.67 irrational in for element allowed the INTRODUCTORY by Jane Lund

I? (reg. AM WHO $2.25) $1.90 is it character."42 the no So human OFFER

by Alvin R. Dyer Savings Cash 25o BRIGHAM AND YOUNG for to Meyer Smith compliment Joseph (reg. $4.95) $3.96 PRESIDENTS OF THE True The HIS WIVESAnd real prophets, to place the among him HISTORY DOCUMENTARY Marriage. CHURCH of Plural Story

for that premise begins the from Meyer OF THE CHURCH Preston by Nibley by J. Stewart John

Vols. 7. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, all (reg. selfdeluded. are Granted prophets $4.95) (reg. $3.71 $2.50) $2.00

(reg. each $3.95) $3.36 is posithere that premise, only one LDS Pocket HYMN BOOK- (reg. set FASCINATING $27.00) WOMAN- $22.95

possibly tion, course, that of can one size HOOD JESUSTHECHRISTALBUM

Black Leather Edition claims Revised Smith's regarding take New & Joseph records 29 (reg. $3.95) B. $3.35 Andelin Helen by revelation, (reg. to view divine one only and $49.95) $42.45

(reg. $5.95) $4.46 THE AND NEGRO CHURCH his of take that possibly can TABERNAanyone THE MORMON

L. by John Lund CHOIR'S GREATEST CLE of in teachings the Abraham. Book A WHY I AM MORMON (reg. $2.50) $2.00

F. HITS Wallace by Bennett appealing Spalding Bishop was So IN SERMONS SONG- (reg. by The $2.95) Tabernacle Mormon Special 980 declared to a already judge had who record Choir

Jessie by Evans (reg. Smith $5.78) supernaturalism. of against form any $4.62

(reg. $3.98) $3.38 that was, great he Meyer, Eduard man per- o'f Arizona Residents add 3 POSTAGE

Spalding also a judge was on whom sales tax. cent per United States 10c send $3.00 trust to give count with absolute could

(Ex. portion thereof. or LDS order MAILBOX $1.90 BOOKSTORE

to his question about only one answer 10c; order 20c) $3.25 order St. 2454; P. 0. Box Hobson 346 S. of Abraham. By stating the Book Tel: All Arizona 9647061 Foreign Countries 15c per Mesa, send 85201,

$3.00 order or portion thereof. Offer good anywhere in world with great emphasis and clarity his

views on religion in general and

Joseph Smith in particular, he ineffectively disqualifies himself for the jury.

4. "James H. Breasted, PhD., Haskell Oriental Museum, University of

Chicago."Professor Breasted (18651935) had his full share of those

qualities which we have found to be most conspicuous in the three giants LEADERSHIP noticed so far: independence of action

and judgment, boundless selfcon- fidence, and equally boundless energy

Deseret News Press and exuberance. We have already

1600 Empire Road seen how Professor Mercer chides his master for getting carried away too

Salt Lake City, Utah much. Breasted's training and tem84104 perament go together. He was trained

in a school that knew all the answers the Prussian school of the 1890's, which bolstered the individual's sublime confidence in himself as one who shared the corporate omniscience of the establishment. He was, a German

reports, "most intimately tied to the

German school of Egyptology from his first scientific beginnings,"43 as "the dear, hearty comrade of the German

Egyptologists."His friend Eduard

Meyer inspired him to take wide views, which in turn inclined him to make wide and sweeping pronouncements that disturbed some of his colleagues,44 point out that he was some of whom offset equipment web modern Our generalize to and too prone produces much each month. magazines 1,000,000 over

"often interpreted evidence wrongly to

52 Improvement Era Earn More on Insured Savings at the historic Savings Corner in Salt Lake City.

suit his purposes."45

Egyptologists French sometimes The felt that Breasted their INSURED underestimated work and so criticized him quite freely, % accusing him of being proGerman to the point of slighting and even insultSAVINGS ing French Egyptology, while putting.-

forth his own theories as settled facts ignoring theories completely and any CERTIFICATES evidence that did not and even appeal L to him.46 George Foucart comes right

out and accuses Breasted of being opinEarnings paid 6 months from issuance date. Minimum amount:

ionated and unfair, noting that "in $2,500; thereafter in multiples of $100.

treating the contradictions of his predecessors without charity [indulgence] Breasted makes himself vulcurrent rate on to the nerable treatment in same the INSURED PASSBOOK SAVINGS this future."47 In Foucart a true was

prophet, for time has not been too Compounded semiannually. Add to and withkind to Professor Breasted's favorite draw to passbook account as you wish.

theories. As Professors Jequier and

Foucart see it, Dr. Breasted with subInsured to $15,000 Save by Mail

his selfconfidence lime goes way All savings, certificate or passbook, provide postage envelopes and We his criticism or "bestowing approval at First Federal to are insured both ways. Outof-state transacfreely on all sides,"presenting his own $15,000 by a permanent agency of tions carried airmail.

opinions as historical facts and his the U. S. Government.

private reconstructions as original texts, 48 and while his colleagues may Save at a federally chartered association with enduring strength.

find his affirmations "most unconvincing, general the SAVE BY MAIL public is supposed &''frirTrV to as official."48 accept them To: FIRST FEDERAL SAVINGS We have ventured to quote such unSouth, Salt Lake City, Utah 84101 Main at 1st pleasantries because we have here *tw Enclosed is my check Qj or money order in

exactly the high and authoritarian the amount of $ attitude taken by Breasted in dealing Please open a Passbook Savings Account Q ( with*the Book of Abraham. There is Issue Savings Certificate fj

that transdoubt no could have he FIRST Single account: Name of.

lated of the hieroglyphs most if he had given himself the trouble, but, though Joint account: Names of (Include given names)he professed himself most interested in FEDERAL

the problem, he never did. Whyshould he? He knew the answers SAVINGS Please mail passbook or savings certificate to:

already. Like every other American Name

professor in 1912, he belonged to that school which firmly believed that and Loan Association Address

Thousands Have Saved Whoro all evolution as held the answers, Jean Millions City...StateZip First South at Main observes, their basing boldestGarnot

Inquiries Welcomed. Salt City, Lake Utah 84101 speculations implicit faith in on the

validity of analogies with biological M. L. Dye, President

evolution, sublimely confident that the evolutionary rule of thumb could I give them perfect insight into the mindof the "primitive."49 Thus he can TIRED OF OVEREATING? I

assure us that "Set was doubtless some I natural phenomenon... and it is TRY OUR LOW CALORIE I

most probable that he was the dark20 mealsize only $ 4.75

I ness,"Egyptologist though no would 40 mealsize only $ 9.00write today. that can way 50 And he I

tell insight us convincing with how 240 mealsize $45.00 B0Hh I discoveredcopper Primitive was when

IMan one morning noticed little beads Flavors: chocolate, vanilla, maple, or butterscotch M L

of the pure metal that had oozed from I the rocks that his banked campfire it 2431 Highland Drive Sinai in the Peninsula;somewhere

L/oibLjjmcui'TelephoneSalt 4848415Lake City, UtahEvening841063639598 i|——.*—.MM -I

July 1968 53 'It is possible to find in Egypt whatever washis scientificmuch likescepticismthe aristocraticmatchedSayce,only sustains one's particular views."byfeudalhis societyuncompromisingand a feudalloyaltyreligionto a

hardly the man to look with a kindly eye on the supernaturalism and humble simplicity of a Joseph Smith. 64

As to von Bissing's technical knowlwas not until 1945 that the Egyptol- 5. "Dr. Friedrich Freiherr von Bisedge, his specialty was ancient art,

ogist Alfred Lucas called attention to sing, Professor of Egyptology in the especially Egyptian art, but even in the experiments of H. H. Coughlan, University of Munich."Incredible as that, G. Foucart maintains, "his conshowing that it is quite impossible to it may seem, there was one man in the clusions go too far,"65 and in his

smelt copper in any open fire. 51 world who actually surpassed Sayce, archaeological onesidedness he often

Breasted's main argument against Petrie, Meyer, and Breasted in comshows poor judgment. 66 Not surpristhe Book of Abraham is that the plete independence of thought and ingly he too often equated the oldHebrews were monotheists and the action, and that was the Freiherr von fashioned or established view with the

Egyptians polytheists: both points have Bissing (18731956). Not yet 40 years sound and safe one, insisting, for exalways been disputed among Egyptolold in 1912, he was richer than all the ample, as late as the 1930's that there

ogists, some of the greatest being rest of them put together; already were no ties whatever between ancient

ardent defenders of a standard Egyphailed as "the generous Maecenas of Egypt and Mesopotamia,67 and contian monotheism, yet for Breasted the Egyptology,"von Bissing was rich tinuing to doubt the existence of the question is settled once he has spoken. enough not only to visit important Hittites, whom he always puts in

When the Mormons pointed out that excavations in Egypt when he chose, quotation marks.68 Even his approach

Breasted had identified as the lady but also to finance them from his own to art was an oldfashioned, positivistic

Isis in Facsimile 1 a figure that pocket. 55 Even more than the others, one, and he opened his Systematic

other Egyptologists had called Horus, he traveled and dug and collected Handbook of Egyptian Art with words

Anubis, or a priest, Dr. Breasted imeverywhere, 56 "an archaeologist in the that today seem hopelessly narrow: "A

patiently remarked to Mercer: "One broadest sense of the word,"recognized History of Art must not be a history

man says fifty cents, another man says as "the last scholar who could see the of culture."69 For him, in fact, even the

half a dollar!"But it isn't the same at Mediterranean as a unit, familiar with glories of Egyptian art were but a

all; Isis and Horus are as different everything down to the most insignifipreparation for Greek art. 69 Hidequantities as half a dollar and half a cant potsherd."57 "For us today,"bound and opinionated to the point

pound. wrote Heinrich Brunner, "it is simply of rudeness, 70 artistocratic and aloof,

In our fatal year of 1912 Breasted inconceivable how one individual man fiercely loyal to the views and interests completely misinterpreted many pascould speak with equal authority on of one church, impatient of any dissages in the Egyptian wisdom literathe etymology of the word 'Pavian,'agreement or contradiction—is this the

ture, discovering among other things in the painting of elAmarna, the fundaman to give a cool and patient hearthem "a complaisant optimism"in a mentals of Byzantine art, the structure ing to Joseph Smith? He never offers

text that, Frankfort insists years later, of the personal pronouns in early to tell us what the Facsimiles are, but "indicates no such thing, but repreEgyptian, or the exodus from is completely satisfied that "every one sents on the contrary, the deep Cnidus."58 figure is an absurdity,"and that what-

a of being religious inspired conviction proud the "was which Von Bissing inscriptions he the say (though ever writdilettante,"59 his 'teachings.'"52 Errors and numerous to the imdue read cannot say does not them), "they

perfect state of the evidence at one ings on all subjects almost all take the what Smith thought."His verdict is

60 not surprising, but neither is it very time are, of course, excusable—but form of short notes of a few sentences.

they are nonetheless errors. Thus, of the Most of them have to do with artistic convincing. O

great Ancient Records series Alexander history and criticism, which was his

Scharff wrote in 1935, "Today we read specialty, and allowed him to range as (To be continued) many passages differently and more widely and speculate as freely as he correctly."53 "Unhappily,"wrote Sir chose. 61 Both rich and noble, "he was

Alan Gardiner in 1961, "in Breasted's an original, stamped from a unique FOOTNOTES all S. to face Reflections consequences Lewis, Christian (Grand Rapids: mold, willing of LateEgyptian our day knowledge XC

154f. B. 1967), Eerdmans, pp. disapprov- W. praise to or regard syntax not sufficiently advanced without was Vol. Orientforschung, in Leclant, fuer Archiv 2Jean

272. (1966), headshakes. ing to to translate... he went the way 21 enable him the damaged 3Sir Gardiner, A. H.p. Egypt of the Pharaohs (Ox62

16. ford, his of p. introduction 1961), papyrus of the Turin own convictions."

correctly."54 So as knowledge inHere, then, we have an incorruptible 54JeanJ. Capart,Capart,Religionsin Melangesd'EgypteMaspero,(1905),Vol. pp.1, p.6-7.227.

de Buck, in Chroniques d'Egypte, Vol. 23 6Adrian

23. p. creases, the verdict of yesterday must judge—but was he an unbiased one? (1947),

be reversed today, and in the long run Hardly. Whatever his scientific con7Giinther Roeder, Volksglaube in Pharaonenreich

the most positive authority is the least victions or scholarly integrity, he was (Stuttgart,8FrancoisJoseph1952), p.Chabas,7. in Bibliotheque Egypto be trusted. Few have been more a member of the nobility: throne and tologique,"Siegfried Vol.Morenz,II (1865),Orientalischep. 47. Literaturzeitung,

48 Vol. (1953), unquespositive Breasted, in nothing always first and church than and had

10Georges Goyon,p. 341.in Revue Archaeologique, 1963,

his loyalty, positive in his nothtioned claim and than he was on more 1. 2, p. No.

ArchaeGriffith, Egyptian UF. Journal L. in of his attitude from could budge toward Joseph Smith's proing him Vol.

Orientforschung, S. in fuer Archivp. 66. Langdon,19 (1934), 12Thus this 63 In he ology, to them. nouncements. commitment

54 Improvement Era "Griffith, op. -cit., p. 65.

"Langdon, loo. cit.

15Griffith, op. cit., pp. 6566.

18A. H. Sayce, Monument Facts and Higher Critical

Fancies, (New York, 1904), p. 118.

17Sayce, in Smithsonian Report, 1931, pp. 51819.

lbid., p. 529.

19Ibid., 528. p. B.

*Ibid., 520. p. DirectorCOCKAYNE MARKDirector Sr. DirectorM. CANNON

cit., CLARENCEPresidentDirectorH. TINGEY GEORGE Attorney op. Griffith, Chairman, GARFFVicePres.Church T. 'WILLIAMUtahIdahoVice-President, Sugar Co. L.D.S.Committee Building 22Editorial in p. Chronique65. d'Egypte, Vol. 9 note

(1933), p. 283.

23The one exception is an inscription from Aswan of only six characters, of which Sayce writes, "The inscription on the left reads, I think, 'Beloved ofKhnum the Great, the Lord of the country of Ra- i\ nefer.'In the inscription on the right the island

of Senem appears to be mentioned."The inscription on the right was much the longer one, yet no

attempt is made to translate it. Receuil de Travaux,

scription: "This p.I venture147. Onto p.translate.148 is a. Greek.."Cf.inReceuil de Travaux, Vol. 16 (1894), pp. 16776; Vol.

17 (1895), pp. 16064; Vol. 20 (1898), pp. 16976;

cit., 342. op. p. -4Langdon, FRED EMERSON L. HARDY A. BAKER J. MURDOCH BROWN FRANKLIN

in Hall, R. Journal of Egyptian Archaeology, HUGH DirectorB. H.

VicePresident Bureau Murdock DirectorTravel Vol. 72. p. (1915), CommitteeL.D.S. ViceChairman,Bldg.Director Church PresidencyChurch FirstL.D.S. cit., 341. op. p, Langdon,1

27Guy Brunton, in Annales du Service, Vol. 43

(1943), p. 5.

28Ibid.. 4.

5. 2nbid.',mm,, 13. 62 years sale! *Hbid., 13.

s2Ihid. 4.

Britannica, 1966 ed., Encyclopedia

in s.v.EgyptPetrie.before Thanks to these men of integrity and foresight, whose careful Personal Religion 34W.M.F. Petrie,

Christianity York: Harpers, p. 22. 1909), has kept (New of your money management guidance and meticulous

37. mbid., the earning..and safe, available is in Zeitdescribed Otto, when needed. your savings His educationp. by W.

Gesellschaft, derschrift Morgenlaendischen deutschen 85 and perhighest rate paid on insured savings in the Intermountain area.Vol. p. 6; his unique aptitude (1931),

sonality, ibid., pp. 1-3.

S1lbid., p. 8.

38Some of Meyer's accomplishments are listed, ibid., 1122. pp. 4-5. Move up to big earnings... and INSURED savings! mbid., pp.

*lbid., p. 20.

41Eduard Meyer, Ursprung und Geschichte der

Mormonen (Halle, 1912), p. 1.

42Walther Otto, op, cit., p. 20. ON SAVINGS ON INSURED

Editorial in Zeitschr. fuer aegyptische Sprache, current INSURED PASSBOOK

44Ioc. cit., andflyleaf.Gustav Jequier, in Sphinx, Vol. 17 "<e CERTIFICATES SAVINGS

(1913),"Hans pp.Bonnet,14849.in Zeitschrift der deutschen MorgenVol. Gesellschaft,laendischen 81 (1927), pp. 179, Your savings are Insured to $15,000 by the F.S.L.I.C. op. cit., 183, and Jequier, pp. 14850.

4aJequier, loc. cit., and G. Foucart, in Sphinx,

48Jequier, pp. 148f; Foucart, p. 42.

4t)Jean Garnot, La Vie Religieuse dans I'ancienne GIFT SET (Paris: Presses Universitaires),Egypte pp. 107-9.

50James Breasted, Religion and Thought, (London, 1912), p. 40.

B1Alfred Lucas, in Journal of Egyptian Archaeology,

Religion Frankfort, Ancient 32Henri Eguptian (New 71. FREE(Available till July 15th University,York: 64, 66, Columbia 1948), pp.

r>3Alexander Scharff, in Jahrbuch der bayerischen or as long as supply lasts)

Akademie der Wissenschaft, 1935/6, pp. 1-2.

54Alan H. Gardiner, Egypt of the Pharaohs, p.

55T. Smolenski, in Bulletin de I'Academis de If you open or add to your DFS SavScience de Cracow, 1906,

Brunner, in Archivp. 77.fuer Orientforschung, ings Account in the amount of $200 56Helmuth

Vol. p. 484. 17 (1955), practical beautiful and or more. This

485. "Ibid., p. WMM> that's Bslhid., 484. Sheaffer pen p. cartridge pen—the

in Brunner, 59H. Archiv fuer Orientforschung, a real fountain pen and writes likeVol. 269. 21 (1966), p.

writings, his of a complete bibliography For this slim,..plus velvet. smooth

aegyptischeZeitschrift 85 Vol. Sprache, fuer (1959), FEDERAL

can be yours slender pencil, FREE. 1-16 for (complete 89 18951955); Vol. (1964),pp.

3-4.pp. SAVINGS &L0ANASSN 1968. July 15, ends Offer But, hurry.

of art is discussed vast range his studies on B1The Clarence

Zeitschriftin aegyptische Vol. 79 Sprache, fuer coupon the H. Tingey, President Clip handy and send

54. p.

Brunner, (1954),H. in Archiv fuer Orientforschung, 44SaltSouthLakeMainCitySt. 95 No. UniversityProvo Ave. today. 485.Vol. 17, p.

03Loc. cit. In 1922 he became a voluntary exile

for political reasons, ibid., p. 484.

Orientskepticism, his Brunner, fuer Archiv 64On 270.forschung, Vol. 21, a Savings Account Association—-——-—Please Passbook————-* Federal————————#-—Deseret Savings open & Loan

osG. 89. Foucart, Sphinx,p. p. in Vol. 11 (1908), City, Utah Lake - Salt 44 South Main St. 9394. Ibid., pp. Certificates issue Savings Please

Bissing, Orientforschung, Archiv in fuer 87von

Literaturzeitung, in Orientalische Senk, e9Herbert $ 6-7.Vol. 58 (1963), pp. Address—

70 Religion, in Capart, Egyptian Vol. 3 (1934), that understand 228.J.p. City SetI with Savings AccountI will receiveof $200theortreemore.Sheaffer(AvailableGift

State. Zip till July 15th or as long as supply lasts.)

July 1968 55 We StillHaveTime Today's Family

By Florence B. Pinnock

The year 1899 closed an era, and ciples of Cookery."She continued, in order to accomplish the most

when its last page was turned, a "We must eat or our bodies perish; good in the body."

new century began. The YWMIA, we must be properly nourished or One 1899 article was intriguingly

then called the YLMIA, published our minds and bodies cannot work entitled "Commonsense Under- a magazine named The Young in conjunction to produce that wear."The problem in that day

Woman's Journal. Susa Young most perfect of all God's creations didn't seem to be a lack of clothing

Gates was its editor. The articles—an intelligent human being."worn, but rather, too many layers of

in the last volume of the nineteenth This woman had an intense inheavy clothing weighing down the century were filled with a depth terest in food and how it relates to body. The author stated that the

of the wisdom and a quaintness of health. One of her favorite names ideal clothing has a twofold functhe times that are hard to match. for a "mother cook"was "domestic tion; it protects the body and

James E. Talmage wrote on chemist."In article after article adorns it. To properly protect the

toleration and approval. To quote she explained the "why"and the body, clothing must be healthful;

one paragraph: "In view of the "how"of foods, answering many it must not interfere with the

present complicated social condiquestions of a technical nature, natural functions of the body.

tions existing among our people, such as, why use soda with sour Clothing that is too tight and and between them and those who milk in a recipe. Sister Widtsoe presses or drags upon the body is

are not of the Church, the mothers claimed that women's work may an enemy to health. "Every woman

and maidens in Zion have special seem like drudgery if the mind is should ask herself concerning her need to observe with care the disleft out of the act. This is true clothes the following... questions:

tinction between the forbearance today. Joy comes from the mind Are my clothes loose enough to

which a proper regard for the bemeeting the action headon. permit me to fill my lungs while

liefs and practices of others reThis woman was ahead of her seated? Is the weight suspended

quires, and the approval of actions time in much of her thinking. She from my shoulders where I can

and habits which are not in acgave a lesson on egg cookery and carry it without injury? Is every

cordance with the principles of restated that the albumin, or the part of my body equally provealed truth."This has meaning white of the egg, hardens when tected?"

today. exposed to heat, and if heated The article advises the reader to

Elder John A. Widtsoe often above 160 degrees F. it becomes be progressive enough to accept

wrote for this magazine. One partough and leathery. "Therefore,"the truth, and it closes with the

ticular article was on home science. she noted, "we do not hardboil thought, "Persons of generous hip

In it he made the mundane tasks eggs; we hard cook them, never proportions would do well to set

in the kitchen sound interesting letting the water reach the boiling the skirts on a yoke reaching below and even exciting. His wife, Leah point."It was well into the the hipline, while slender ladies

D. Widtsoe, was a constant contwentieth century before this was should make the underwaists full in

tributor, adding her knowledge of advocated by home economists. front to make the figure appear as

household art and science to the Another of her truisms was: symmetrical as possible."Now, our

pages. She said, "Nowadays a "One of the charms of eating is to aim isn't to appear as round as posgirl's education is not considered have a variety. Above all things, sible, but today we too would say

complete unless she has a good avoid habits in cooking. Food may that there are two requisites for

practical knowledge of the prinbe good, but it must be appetizing clothing: first, that it be modest

56 Improvement Era and attractive, and second, that it conspicuous when viewed alone; temples of our God."

be clean and healthful. nevertheless, their sum makes up We who live in 1968 are similar

Other headings in this issue the account that is to be met by in many ways to those who lived range from "Genius Is Hard Work"exaltation or condemnation. How in 1899. Our problems, joys, and

and "A Mormon Girl's Experience little do we realize of the sigdreams are much the same. The

in a College Town"to an article nificance of present trifles! Yet difference is that today we are here

entitled "Trifles"by James E. what may they produce! An acorn breathing, and doing, and trying

Talmage. A paragraph from this may be carried in a corner of the to accomplish. We still have time.

article says: "But I would talk to pocket; but, locked within its shell

you of the common neglect of the are the possibilities of vast forests;

little things of life, which, howit holds the germ of an endless A Baker's Dozen ever, may be of themselves great succession of oaks, destined to yield What an unexpected pleasure it is because of their results. Our lives timbers for mightiest battleships, to discover 13 doughnuts in a sack

are made up of trifles,—of separate beams for impregnable fortresses, when a dozen was ordered. That extra

acts, each perhaps small and inor, perchance, altars for the holiest something is such a treat. When you

\\\& efore,"she noted "

o..:-:,,.:,-:..:. \\NV-%

re3ch the b

July 1968 57 Put the magic of Sugarplum Land are counting out a dozen cookies or \ in your meals otherrolls, orperson,weighingan extrafruit measureto give warmsto anyou and him through and through.

Generosity denotes a big heart and an understanding mind. That "baker's

dozen"brings satisfaction and delight suggests this to the giver as well as to the receiver.

delicious, Our recipes today all have something added to make them really special.

easy to make jam for a Bread plus a Prune real family 2 cups sifted flour 1 teaspoon baking powder salt teaspoon taste treat. y2

1 chopped dried prunes cup finely 1 teaspoon baking soda 1 cup boiling water 14 cup lard or other shortening 1 cup sugar 1 egg, beaten 1 teaspoon vanilla yz cup nuts, chopped Line the bottom of a 9x5inch loaf pan with a double thickness of waxed paper.

Sift together flour, baking powder, and salt. Combine prunes, soda, and

boiling water. Add lard, sugar, and

egg. Mix well. Add vanilla and

nuts. Add the sifted dry ingredients,

stirring only until dry ingredients are moistened. Pour into loaf pan and

let stand for half an hour. Bake in a

350 F. oven for 50 to 60 minutes.

Veal plus Pineapple

IV2 pounds boneless veal steaks, % inch thick 2 tablespoons flour 2 tablespoons shortening 1 can (1 pound 4 ounces) sliced pineapple herbs mixed teaspoon y2 parsley tablespoons chopped 2 V4 cup chopped green onion 1 can (2 ounces) mushrooms (stems and pieces) salt teaspoon y2 garlic salt teaspoon Y2 y8 teaspoon pepper Cut veal into 6 servings. Dredge meat

Place syrup.BERRY JAM in flour and brown in shortening. Drain meat pineapple save and a large bowl, add sugar into Measure

serving top each baking dish and juice. berries crushed and lemon reslice. Let within a pineapple Combine

stirring occasionally minutes, 20 stand cup using ingredients, maining

I y2 Sugar and5 cups U liquid meat. to pectin sugar. dissolve over syrup, pour and pineapple and Add or berries, fresh crushed cups4V2 1 F. 350 or at hour bake and Cover freezer stir into conthoroughly. Pack 12oz. packages) frozen (3 thawed toasted with until tender. Sprinkle let tainer, hours. 24 cover, stand and juice lemon Tablespoons2 almonds.

will this freezer, in or keep Store jam fruit liquid pectin1 bottle in the refrigerator for two weeks. This Drop Doughnuts

makes about 2 quarts of jam.

(A doughnut hole in action)

2 eggs It's all where you if you live around Sugarplum Land? Where is juice orange cup sugarbeets y2 these areas. of the sweetens economy are oil and I Sugar grown. U cup cooking yA

grated orange peel 1 tablespoon

U and I SUGAR COMPANY Factories in Garland and West Jordan, Utah;

near Idaho Falls, Idaho; Moses Lake and Toppenish, Washington.

Y2 cup sugar both sides to take up liquid. Place on Whipped Molasses Butter

1 tablespoon baking powder wellbuttered cookie sheet and pour soft; of slices. butter until butter over salt top Beat melted gradually Bake cup teaspoon V4Y2 in 500 for flour 8 minutes. about add F. oven 2 tablespoons 2 molasses and cups unsifted cup Vi

slices oil is ChillOil for Turn until and of more, bake 5 nuts. minutes finely chopped good frying—peanut until golden brown. hot consistency. with spreading Serve Serve French on juice, well. Stir in orangeBeat eggs butter. toast. molasses O oil, peel. grated orange and cupVi

Mix in the sugar, baking powder, and salt. Add flour and beat in. Drop by

teaspoonfuls into deep or shallow hot oil. Fry until wellbrowned—about l l/2

to 2 minutes on each side. Drain on

paper towels. Roll in a cinnamonsugar mixture. Makes about 24 doughnuts.

Richard L. Evans

Creamy Corn Soup plus Chives 1 can (1 pound 1 ounce) creamstyle The Spoken Word corn 1 can (12 ounces) wholekernel corn 3 cups milk Salt and pepper to taste As to ultimate answers butter2 tablespoons 2 tablespoons minced chives what you have,"said Cicero, "and whatever you may chance corns heat both and milk;Combine

slowly to serving temperature but do Useto be doing, do it with all your might.... [with your] mind at

not boil. Season to taste. Add butter. full stretch like a bow, and never [give] in to... age by growing

intoPour cups and garnish with the slack.... For myself, I had rather be an old man a somewhat shorter chives.minced

time than an old man before my time."1 It is more than twenty centuries

Salmon Celery Loaf plus Sauce since Cicero said it, and his opinion has been supported by many to with Sour Cream this present moment: "Every man's task,"said Emerson, "is his life-

1 pound can salmon preserver."- "Let us not try to escape our work,"wrote Anna R. Lindsay.

Vi cup salmon liquid "Above all, let us not fail to see it. As long as we live we have work

1 can condensed cream of celery to do. That we are alive today is proof positive that God has something soup

1 cup fine dry bread crumbs for us to do today. Let us ask ourselves as we arise each morning,

eggs, slightly beaten 2 onion What is my work today? We do not know where the influence of today cup choppedV2

1 tablespoon lemon juice will end. Our lives may outgrow all our present thoughts, and outV4 teaspoon pepper dazzle all our dreams."3 "It is important not to lean on other people,"

Thoroughly mix all ingredients together said Dolores Del Rio, "because in time you will be unable to do things into loaf wellgreased packand pan. yourself...."'"We should cease fighting age as if it were a foe,"said F. in 375Bake 1 hour. oven about

Serve with a sauce made of 1 can celery Dr. Sockman. "... memories of past experience may be even sweeter

with heatedsoup dill. y3 cup sour cream than these experiences were in reality.... when a pleasure is in prospect aand touch of

we are disturbed by the fear it may not be realized. But a pleasure in

Glazed Carrots plus Ginger retrospect is secure."5 William Cowper left us this: "Absence of occupa-

(4 servings) tion is not rest, A mind quite vacant is a mind distressed."The use of

what we have is an obligation. The human mind can do more than itPare 1 pound carrots; cut into thick 2-

or 3-inch diagonal strips. Cook until has ever done. The heart is happier when there is something useful

skillet, Intender. melt 3 tablespoons to still do. is It in better as service. health The the Savior body keepsbutter with 3 sugar tablespoons brown

..,"7 said: it. will his life shall save "For ginger. whosoever lose teaspoonand ground Add And if we y2

carrots; baste frequently until they are try to save ourselves in inactivity, we lose what we are trying to save.well glazed.

Health and happiness are increased with the physical and mental emBaked French Toast plus ployment of our powers. As the Country Parson put it: "I don't rememWhipped Molasses Butter ber ever seeing a happy man who had nothing to do."8

'Cicero, Age."Old "On eggs 4

-Ralph Emerson. Waldo 1 milk cup R. Lindsay, While?":iAnna Is Worth "What

salt teaspoon in 'Dolores Del an interview with Joe Hyams, published in This Week, January 12, 1964.y2

Its "Rev. Ralph Sockman, slices Advantages."W.Rio, Has dayold "Age 6 bread

V4 cup melted butter "WilliamMatt. 16:25.Cowper, "Retirement Poems,"1782.

s"The Country Parson,"Evening Tribune, San Diego, California.

Beat eggs slightly; stir in milk and salt.

Pour into shallow dish. Dip each slice * "The Spoken Word"from Temple Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia

of bread in mixture, turning to allow Broadcasting System March 17, 1968. Copyright 1968.

July 1968 59 Engineering Award National Education Post

Dr. Charles E. Warner, Allan M. West of the Chevy

associate professor of Chase (Maryland) Ward mechanical engineering at has been named assistant

Brigham Young University, executive secretary in charge is one of six automotive of field operations and engineering educators urban services of the Nain the United States to tional Education Asociation, receive the Ralph Teetor Washington, D.C. The 1.1

Award for outstanding millionmember NEA is the service to the automotive parent organization of 50 industry and education. state educational associations.

The LDS Scene

Largest ChurchSupported Junior College Mormon Exposition in Quito

Recent fulltime student enrollment figures More than 6,000 persons recently viewed an exposition place Ricks College, the Church's twoyear junior college about the Church in the Municipal Art Museum of at Rexburg, Idaho, as the largest Churchsupported downtown Quito, Ecuador. Posters and films about the

junior college in the United States. This past year 3,497 Church were shown to visitors, and widespread

students were enrolled. Ricks, established in 1888, publicity gained much favorable comment. Also gaining

celebrates its 80th anniversary this year and is considerable favorable publicity for the Church was undergoing a significant building and growth a Churchsponsored concert that featured Lazarro Ferrari, program. -There are about 170 junior a famous opera tenor of Quito, and Sister Helen Wells,

colleges under religious denominational support a noted concert pianist and wife of Brother Robert in the U.S. Wells, president of the First National City Bank of Quito.

60 Improvement Era Conservation Award Insurance Firm President Police Chief

J. Kent Marlor of the Ricks College faculty has been W. Boyd Christensen of D. K. Brown of Jacksonville

awarded a Capitol Conservation Club award for his the North Shore (Illinois) (Florida) Sixth Ward has "determined and successful efforts to preserve the Idaho Ward has been elected been appointed chief of

White Clouds area."Brother Marlor won congressional president of Allstate Insurthe Jacksonville police force.

support that forced a reconsideration in the developance Companies, a Before his appointment, ment of roads along the East Fork of the Salmon subsidiary of Sears, a he was in charge of the

River near Challis, Idaho. national retail chain. Before Federal Bureau of

assuming his new position, Investigation office in

Brother Christensen was Jacksonville and was a member of the board of credited with breaking up a directors and executive strong Ku Klux Klan vice president. organization in that area.

W

Second Place in National Finals

The Church College of Hawaii has won second place in the National Collegiate volleyball championships and placed four players on allAmerican teams. The

Seasiders beat the national champions, San Diego State mm *ftS College, in two out of three games, but lost in a onegame playoff, 5-15. Earl Veloria and Tony Crabb won Growth in the Mideast

first team allAmerican honors, and Ed Kalima and James A young Lebanese family has been baptized in

Dumaguin were named to the second and third Mediterranean waters just outside of Beirut, where eight teams, respectively. The Seasiders also placed seventh missionaries of the Swiss Mission presently labor.

in the national AAU volleyball tournament, dropping There are now an Armenian branch and an Englishspeaking several notches because the team decided against branch in Beirut. The Swiss Mission includes 22

competition on Sunday. countries of the world, has more branches outside of

Other volleyball action concerns the recent allChurch Switzerland than within, and services a membership volleyball tournament, in which Oakland (California) Fourth in the Middle East of about 1,000 Latterday Saints,

Ward won the senior title—for the fourth straight in branches ranging in size from 10 to 250 members.

year—over BYU Ninth Ward, 1215, 15-5, and 15-7. Five of the 22 countries serviced by the Swiss Mission

The junior title was won by Downey (California) are behind the Iron Curtain, and other locations

Third Ward, which beat the defending champion Kahuwai include Gibraltar to the west, points in Africa to the south, (Hawaii) Branch, 1618, 1614, and 1513. and India to the east.

July 1968 61 portions of South Carolina Stake. It mission presidents, with fields of

are yet labor functioning. announced. They to be stake is the 454th now The Church

N. P. Roberts, Peter Dalebout, Arnold as Black sustained Clyde Elmer was

Moves On president, with Joe F. Stroud and Wilbur W. Cox, Dale T. Tingey, and

Lester T. Carroll, Sr., as counselors. Hal R. Johnson.

April 1968 "We urge our people to be as New stake presidencies: PresiSouth Carolina East Stake was liberal as their means may dent Henry Reed Cammack and

organized under the direction of permit"in supporting the annual drive counselors Wayne Norton Wheatley

Elder Mark E. Petersen of the Council of the American Cancer Society, the and Allen Jordan Brady, Portneuf

of the Twelve and Elder Eldred G. First Presidency said. (Idaho) Stake; President Larry R.

Smith, Patriarch to the Church, from The First Presidency called five new Oler and counselors Raymond W.

Ritchie and Paul C. Layton, Hamilton

(New Zealand) South Stake.

Richard L. Evans May 1968

The Spoken Word The annual allChurch volleyball tournament began in Salt Lake

City.

On being bored The First Presidency announced % /oung or old, one of the most debilitating attitudes in life is being as a missionthe call ofpresident,M. ElmerwithChristensenhis field

jf bored. Sometimes we become bored with daily routine, with what of labor to be announced later.

I we feel are repetitious and unchallenging tasks. But there is repeOakland (California) Fourth won the

tition and routine in all assignments, in all activities and occupations. allChurch senior volleyball tournament

Teachers have thousands of lessons to teach. Artists practice over and by defeating BYU 24th, 1215, 15-7,

over again before performing. Doctors have patients to see and symptoms 15-5. Santa Ana (California) Second

to listen to, countless, repetitious times. Those who make things, those placed third, and Edmonton (Alberta,

who do things, those who direct others to do things, do them over Canada) won the sportsmanship title.

and over again. And so it is, from the least responsible to the most Downey (California) Third won the

responsible position. Perhaps no one knows better than wives and allChurch junior volleyball tournament

mothers about repetition and routine—with thousands of dishes to be from Kahuwai (Hawaii), last year's

washed; with clothes, over and over again, to be cleaned and tended to; champions, 1618, 1614, 1513. Santa

with meals to be cooked time after time—and unnumbered other chores Ana (California) Second placed third

unnumbered repetitious times. But drudgery and boredom are relieved in this tournament as well, with

by love and appreciation, and by a sense of service. Even the work Kahuwai receiving the sportsmanship

of God, it would seem, must be repetitious, because life is renewed, trophy.

commandments are repeated, and truth is revealed from time to time.

Sunrise is repetitious—and springtime, and so are all seasons. Life, Powerful evening winds, gusting

fortunately, is repetitious. And there can be satisfaction in the simplest to 70 miles per hour, did not

assignment, and boredom in the most exciting assignment—depending harm the spire statue of the Angel

on the inner attitude. Despite all repetition and routine, every new Moroni atop the Salt Lake Temple, but

day is a miracle, an opportunity, a Godgiven gift. Every essential it felled a huge blue spruce that has

service is its own reason for living every day of life. Every unknown occupied a place of honor in the southtruth is an endless invitation. And even if we are confined physically, east portion of Temple Square. In

our minds can range widely over the earth. "Life is always opening recent years this tree has been elenew and unexpected things for us,"wrote Phillips Brooks. "There is gantly decorated each yuletide.

no monotony in living to him who walks... with open and perceptive Auckland South Stake was organized

eyes. The monotony of life, if life is monotonous to you, is in you, from portions of Auckland (New Zeanot in the world."Do the work; meet life as it is; know that each land) Stake by Elder Thomas S. Monson

service is essential—and never be bored. of the Council of the Twelve and Elder

presented Square, over KSL and the Columbia Temple from Word""The Spoken * Marion D. Hanks, Assistant to the Twelve. Geoffrey Richard Garlick was Copyright 1968. 1968. 5, Broadcasting System May

62 Improvement Era sustained as president, with Brian Ogden, Utah, by Elder Thomas S. from portions of Mojave (California)

Baillie Snow and Kenneth Maloney Monson of the Council of the Twelve Stake by Elder Marion G. Romney of

Palmer as counselors. and Elder Eldred G. Smith, Patriarch the Council of the Twelve and Elder

Houston East Stake was organized to the Church. E. LaMar Buckner was Franklin D. Richards, Assistant to the

from portions of Houston (Texas) Stake sustained as president of the stake Twelve. Sterling A. Johnson was susby Elder Spencer W. Kimball of the with Paul W. Bott and Peter Wendell tained as president of this, the 459th

Council of the Twelve and Elder Eldred Johnson as counselors. This is the stake of the Church, with Willard B.

G. Smith, Patriarch to the Church. 458th stake in the Church. Larsen and Perry L. Fuller as

Martell A. Belnap was sustained as Antelope Valley Stake was organized counselors. ""

president, with George Allan Mortimer and Fred Arthur Turk as counselors.

East Midvale Stake was organized from portions of Midvale (Utah) Stake by Elder Mark E. Petersen of the Council of the Twelve. Reed Kent King was Richard L. Evans

sustained as president, with C. Max

Caldwell and Clinton Louis Cutler as The Spoken Word counselors.

There are now 457 stakes functioning in the Church. "If I am not happy with me

A $300,000 fire destroyed the a thoughtful observer of human behavior, this sentence seems 1 Our LDS chapel at Huntsville, Utah. F'rom significant: "If I am not happy with me, other people suffer."

President David 0. McKay's home ward attitude and actions toward others often depend more upon how we

is one of two wards using the building. feel than upon what they do. When we are tired or troubled we may

react impatiently, severely; but when we are relaxed and untroubled

As petitions were being circulated we may react quite differently to precisely the same situation. What

to place the liquorby-thedrink we feel inside, what we know concerning ourselves, often determines proposition on the ballot next Novemour reaction to others. Furthermore, people are not likely to be pleasant

ber in Utah, President David 0. McKay when they are fighting with their consciences; when they have wronged

made a statement that concluded: "I someone else; when they have a sense of guilt. The commandments,

urge members of the Church throughin a sense, are selfenforcing. Sometimes young people decide to rebel,

out the state, and all citizens interested to disobey counsel, to live irresponsibly, and when they do they begin in safeguarding youth and avoiding the to fight themselves, and so become unpleasant and unhappy wherever train of evils associated with alcohol, to they are. This reminds us of a simple observation of Abraham Lincoln:

take a stand against the proposal for "When I do good I feel good, and when I don't do good I don't feel 'liquor by the drink.'"good."Often, with all of us, it is just that simpleand we may say,

The First Presidency announced the as Shakespeare said it, "The time is out of joint,"- when it may only appointment of two temple presidents: be we who are out of joint. If we are studying well, doing well, meeting

Zachariah Evans Brown, a supervisor our opportunities and obligations, meeting people without a sense of and ordinance worker at the Salt Lake apology, we are pleasant in our attitude toward others. On the other

Temple, as president of the New Zeahand, we tend to dislike those whom we have wronged and mistreated land Temple, and Dougald C. McKeown, because we dislike ourselves for doing it—and when we dislike ourselves,

serving in the London (England) Stake we dislike others also. It is bad enough to suffer for our own mistakes,

presidency, as president of the London but worse to make others suffer for things they didn't do. The remedy

Temple. is to live in honor and morality and cleanliness and kindness, keeping

The First Presidency announced the the commandments, meeting responsibilities so we can avoid accusing calls of Milton E. Smith and Allen E. ourselves and quarreling with conscience. "When I do good I feel good,

Litster as mission presidents, with and when I don't do good I don't feel good.""If I am not happy with me,

their fields of labor to be announced other people suffer."

later. 'Dr. Neal A. Maxwell.

-Shakespeare, Hamlet, Act I, sc. 5.

Weber State College Stake, a * "The Spoken Word"from Temple Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia student stake, was organized at Broadcasting System April 21, 1968. Copyright 1968.

July 1968 63 New stake presidency: President Al

Dean Washburn and counselors Donald

Lyle Bigler and Floyd Smith Hollingshead in the Mojave (California) Stake.

WOMAN IN A First Presidency announced The

of three misthe appointments MAN'S WORLD&F

One of the nation's most knowledgeable sion presidents, with their fields of experts on business is a woman... Sylvia labor to be announced later: President

Porter. She is highlyrespected for her Paul H. Dunn of the First Council of

astute reporting and analysis and she has accurately forecast many trends. the Seventy; Winfield Q. Cannon, and

Read her column regularly on the W. Stanford Wagstaff.

business pages. The appointment of Lynn Stoddard

to the general board of the Deseret

Sunday School Union was announced.

The appointment of Lynn R. Wilson

to the general board of the Young

Men's Mutual Improvement Association was announced.

Missionaries serving in the French, French East, and FrancoBelgian missions of the Church are all safe and being provided for during the current general strike in France, it was announced. DESERET NEWS

The First Presidency announced the calls of Warren Brent Hardy,NEW! FOOD & MONEY SAVERS! Harold N. Wilkinson, and Robert H.

DESERET GRINDER GRINDS VERY FINE FLOUR WITH ONE GRINDING! (Fine enough Slover as mission presidents, with their

"&- Easily cake!) for cereal. easier even for adjustable Grinds finer flour fields later. of labor to be announced

the use grinder other small For market on today. hand any 2g&St'-f1*f

rice, etc. corn, oats, *ti. thanwith beans, nuts, wheat, of the recently Assignments of some

Ship. 13 lbs. F.O.B., wt. S.L.C $11.95* appointed mission presidents were: GRINDER, LARGER 2 MC MODEL

30 lb,. F.O.B., S.L.C, (mailable to 2nd and 3rd class post offices) Arthur S. Anderson, Central Atlantic $23.95*

DOUBLE H BREADMASTER States minutes. in 5 dough Kneads

1 solid Lifetime loaves. Full aluminum12quart capacity;pail andholdssurelockdough lid.for Winfield Quayle Cannon, West Gerto 4

steel Stainless mixing rod. Pail clamps to table. 2-year guarantee. $21.95* man Ship. wt. 7 lbs

CAMCO MODEL (Tin plated) $12.95* M. Elmer Christensen, Swiss

Ship. wt. 7 lbs.

*F.O.B. Salt Lake City, include postage. Wilbur Wallace Cox, Northern CaliUtah residents include 3V2% sales tax. fornia

PERMAPAK ALSO OFFERS Complete and economical family food storage plans C. Leland Davey, Canadian

line of freezedried Complete and dehydrated camping foods Paul H. Dunn, New England Special rates for church groups and club

literature for free Write and information order for Breadmixer, Send your Deseret Grinder or 2 MC Model Allen E. Litster, Andes

Grinder to: Arnold N. P. Roberts, Great Lakes

E. Smith, Milton Central American

of contact: California Residents Southern|3IS |J kernel Katella Ave., StanTingey, Dale T. < 7554 Southwest Wneat IX/l J\m13/VWTPRoTiucPre TheSionIeJTs iN'epkSins!

ton, California 90680. Phone 6351352,nmwMmHHiiHHHyHi40 E. 2430 South, Salt Lake City, Utah 84115 Indian 8288421.

A 100foot flagpole was hoisted into place at one o'clock this

Salt States the Temple. Lake United A

will a flag the pole with from be flownTEMPLES and the LatterdaySaints afternoon between the Tabernacle and 50c a copy—40c a copy for 25 or more Utah state flag beneath it.,

Order from The Improvement Era 79 South State Street Salt Lake City, Utah 84111

64 Improvement Era Faith ofthe ClovisBranch By Virgil N. Kovalenko

One Sunday morning, President Gary B. Lundberg As President Lundberg was going about his work

of the Clovis (New Mexico) Branch of the Western on Friday, he looked up at the clouddarkened sky

States Mission presented a problem to the priesthood. and prayed, "We thank thee, but we have had enough

"Brethren,"he said, "we are in trouble. We have for right now. We don't need any more until the

been building this second phase of the chapel for grass is in. We need Friday to let the water soak in."

many months. We've asked the brethren of the That afternoon and evening lightning flashed through

priesthood to come out and help, and they've rethe sky from horizon to horizon, but Clovis was dry.

sponded well. Now our building missionaries have The wind picked up, and the combination of heat and

been transferred and our building superintendent has wind evaporated much of the standing water.

been released, But we still have much to do. We Saturday morning found several brethren with hoes,

have almost 17,000 square feet of lawn to plant, and rakes, shovels, and other tools at the chapel at 5:30

in order to do that, we'll have to plow up the entire a.m. The sun was already climbing high in the

area. Frankly, I don't see how we're going to get atmosphere, and there was no wind! The branch

the job done in time to dedicate this building as soon members continued coming. As the ranks swelled, the

as we want. Are there any suggestions?"equipment was put into motion. At noon President

The brethren in the room sat quietly, each thinking Lundberg asked all the workers to congregate in the of the hours spent away from his family, as well as Junior Sunday School room, where he recounted the the urgent desire to complete the chapel. Several unusual behavior of the forces of nature. He then

proposals were discussed thoroughly. Then the secasked everyone to kneel as he offered a prayer of

ond counselor in the branch presidency spoke up. thanksgiving. More than 150 members of the branch

"Why don't we give the branch a vacation from the knelt in humble gatefulness, in a unique oneness of building for one week—let the families have one heart and soul.

weekend together and then have a general work call?"A branch dinner never tasted so delicious. Then

After all the proposals had been discussed, President the workers returned to their tasks, and inevitably,

Lundberg summarized: "We'll propose a formal mogood-natured relaxation started slowing down the

tion to the branch, not just the brethren. We'll make work.

it a family work day and have a building fund A sudden gust of wind burst upon the workers as dinner."He then asked that branch members particiif to warn them they hadn't much time. Almost

pate in a fast and prayer time to last from breakfast in unison, everyone looked to the sky and beheld the time Friday, May 27, to breakfast Saturday morning, dark clouds gathering again. There remained only

May 28. The proposal was unanimously accepted, a small patch of ground to seed and fertilize, rake over,

both at priesthood meeting and at sacrament meeting. and roll to pack the soil. That was quickly done and

Now the problems facing the branch seemed to the grounds and building were just as quickly cleaned multiply. There was the weather to consider. This up. The work day was over.

part of eastern New Mexico is constantly buffeted by That evening a baptism service was scheduled, and winds that sometimes blow in;gusts up to 55 miles an as it got underway, the wind began to blow and rain

hour. It would be impossible to seed and fertilize to fall. Afterwards, members of the Church living

even a small area under these conditions, much less near the chapel said that it was the strangest shower 17,000 square feet. It hadn't rained in weeks, and the they had ever seen in Clovis. The rain clouds seemed

soil was baked hard by wind and sun. to hover over the chapel area and to burst as a final

On Wednesday preceding the work day, the sky was benediction on the efforts of the Saints. Members

bright blue and cloudless. Two of the brethren preliving on the opposite side of town reported that they

pared to soak down the area during the afternoon and did not have any rain during that period.

early evening. Soon, however, great clouds began The culmination of all the dreams and prayers of

darkening the skies. After one particularly loud crash the branch members was reached just four months

of thunder, the rain began pouring down in torrents. later when, in September 1966, President Verl F. Scott

It rained all that night, all day Thursday, and all of the Western States Mission offered the dedicatory

Thursday night. prayer on the building. O

July 1968 65 FOOD STORAGE

Savior at Bountiful BOOKLET The

article, issue carried April an "The STORE? The SHOULD WHAT WE Buffs '68,"at HemisFair Pavilion Mormon SPOILAGE PREVENT STORING TO statement. carried untrue an On which and

says, the subtheme "This author ETC. 23, PLAN, page ROTATION

will be [the Savior came to America] color illustrated Rebuffs graphically by a large translite by John Scott, noted American illustrator, depicting the Savior in the midst of the ruins of Zarahemla, and X* surrounded by those in America who

Group Rates Available had survived the holocaust following the

Lord's crucifixion in the Old World."

WALTER D. BATCH ELOR "Burn the Book"in TheZarahemla?Savior appearedIn 3 Nephito what9:3 wesurvivorsread,

61 Beacon Ave., Layton, Utah Thank you for such a wonderful May "Behold, that great city Zarahemla have I

issue. The stirring search for the truth burned with fire, and the inhabitants

by the late Elder Don Vincent di Franthereof."Also, in 3 Nephi 11:1 we read,

cesca thrilled us to the depths of our "And now it came to pass that there souls. To think that he spent almost were a great multitude gathered together,

lifetime searching of his of the of the people Nephi, about round

Bountiseeking baptism, then in the land temple whichVISIT HOGLE ZOO threequartersfor the truth and was

Over 600 mammals, that which some of us take for granted, ful...."Thus, it is apparent that Christ

birds and reptiles and that so many throw away. appeared in Bountiful, not Zarahemla.

on exhibit. The series "Lest We Forget,"by AlElder Russell Williams

SUMMER manybert L.converts,Zobell, Jr.,whenis wetrulyheargrand.talk Toof TexasLubbock,MissionTexas

9:30 a.m. to 8 p.m. "the temple,"we automatically think of

Salt Lake City. But the account of the Temple Windows

FOR FAMILY FUN Manti Temple brought me up short. We

I to stories the fortune attend of the two repeated had heard good have and YEAR THE 'ROUND four last the conferences of during seagulls, miracle the the the October and how Ave. Sunnyside 2600

lilies years, of the bulbs minenjoyed thoroughly every sego and provided food So.) (850

I eyes ute experience. for pioneers. the of the never kept have But we my

City, Salt Lake Utah for in of the miracles the of of out ordinary anything the heard open "pigweeds,"

Telephone 3221631 Salt in City, of especially rattlesnake of the the repulsion the temple Lake and invasion, nor did we know that the surrounds. I noticed the difference in

prophet Moroni had been that far west the number of windows in the two and had divinely foretold the temple's towers of the temple, one tower having

WANTED happyconstruction.knack forBrotherchoosingZobellsubjecthasma-a windows.five windowsNaturally,and the I otherwas onlyintrigued,four

terial for his series. and I wondered if there was any sigGrocery Store Manager MargaretPort Jervis,FrantzNew YorkEverett nificanceOn my inlastthatvisitdiscrepancy.two years ago I deClosed Sundays and Holidays cided to make inquiries and was

This store located in very nice neighbor- "Convergence of Science and Religion"astounded when the person in charge of hood, in Utah. Present store employees the bureau of information on Temple

are an exceptionally fine group to work In his article, "The Convergence of Square said he had been attending the with. Super Market volume. Attractive Science and Religion"[February], Dr. temple for years and had never noticed

salary and benefits for right man. Present Charles H. Townes rejects the opinions any difference.

manager will be available on a superof both Laplace and Einstein that there Now, in the April issue, page 2, I see visory capacity. Interested? Please write are absolute facts knowable by unaided a sketch of the temple with five windows

confidential letter giving qualifications, reason. Mormon doctrine seems to agree in each tower. Can anyone tell me why

experience, and age. with the latter portion of his proposithere are four windows in the west tower

P.O. Box 1732, Salt Lake City, Utah 84110 tion—that,reason is indeed,required somethingto know moreabsolutes.than and five in theH.eastE. Robinsontower?

However, when he denies the possibility Hessle, Yorkshire, England of knowing absolute truth by any means, one may feel moved to ask him how he The east tower is 20 feet higher; it has

"knows"that! He is, of course, a an extra room and therefore an extra

quantum physicist and believes in the window. Yes, the artist erred.

law of probabilities (change). Yet today we find many physicists very unAlcoholic Substitutes

JEWELRY CO. certain about the principle of uncertainty,

in April's article Professor of "Today's Gerald Feinberg Family"and ColumThe T H DA 2-1039 U S T 2 N D. S O 4 2 W E

for alcoholic bia University has beverages that the shown on substitutes dogma 1, SALT CITY LAKE UTAH is light barrier of of the of reciquite speed welcome. The problem most was

INTERMOUNTAIN'S LARGEST DIAMOND DEALER unnecessary. pes calling for wine and other liquors

Perhaps it is only fair to recall that has been discussed often among my

Dr. Townes wrote this article in early friends here in Denver. The suggestions

1966 in consideration of the Protestant of previous months that have been given and Catholic reliaious tradition. It is for Sunday meals, which I often use

no surprise, therefore, to find it out of throughout the week, particularly on date and far from relevant to Mormonism. Primary day, are also especially useful.

Robert F. Smith Elizabeth Clawson

Ontario, California Denver, Colorado

66 Improvement Era ATTENTION, TIMELY NEW BOOKS FROM BOOKCRAFT!

CHOIR CONDUCTORS!

Suggested LDS Choir Anthems

Abide With Me, 'Tis Eventide Gates M

All Glory, Laud and Honor Schreiner M

All in the April Evening Robertson M

America the Beautiful Asper M Awake! Arise! Stickles E

Beautiful Zion for Me Daynes E

Bless Ye the Lord Ivanoff E Brother James Air Jacob M Come, Come Ye Saints Robertson D

Come, Come Ye Saints Cornwall M

For the Beauty of the Earth Davis M

Glory to God Kessel M God is Holy Eberlein M God So Loved the World Stainer E

Gospel Gives Unbounded Schreiner E

Strength, The Gospel Is Truly the Power Schreiner M of God He Watching Over Israel Mendelssohn M

Here in This House Howorth M Holy City Arnold MD How Beautiful Upon the Harker MD

Mountains Written by a BYU instructor, tains over 75 photographs

I Shall Not Pass Again Effinger E

This Way this helpful book offers women showing proper exercise techIf CommandmentsYe Love Me, Keep My Carlbon M systematic and sensible ways niques. The perfect aid for

In My Father's House MacDermid M to exercise, diet, and keep in good health campaigns.

Jerusalem, Turn Thee Gounod M Jesus, Name of Wondrous Love Titcomb M good physical condition. ConKing of Love My Shepherd Is Shelley D

Let Not Your Heart Be Foster M

Troubled Let Us Oft Speak Kind Words Gates E

Lo, My Shepherd Is Divine Haydn MD

Lo, What a Beauteous Rose Praetorius M

Lord Bless You and Keep You Lutkin E

Mendelssohn Is God, M Mighty TheLord a i\

Verdi Prayer MD Lord Hear Our I MEANINGFUL

Richards Is Shepherd, M Lord The My UV1HG

Gates M Lord's Prayer from me: TtliBgSDonev'v'*

Lord's Prayer Robertson MD TJU5T Of BfiDES

May Now Thy Spirit Trehorne M PMMDM

Lives Gates M My Redeemer laminFni"**!

Let the Heavens M Be Chambers Now

Joyful Now Thank We All Our God Holler E 2. MEANINGFUL 3. FROM THE 4. ON GETTING

M Thank Now We All Our God Bach

Robertson Brother M LIVING DUST OF DECADES THINGS DONE Man

E Burden Upon Aulbach Thy Cast Saga

Lord the of the Papyri By Ray L. White By Paul H. Dunn and Mummies Mendelssohn M Let Us Worship Come,

God, Our Help in Ages Cornwall M Here is the formula for sucBy Keith Terry and A "howto"book for church

Past Whipple Walter leaders, housebusinessmen, living as revealed modern cessful

Cannon Mountains M Lofty wives, students anyone who—insight the deep through of of Pearl timely study the and A Auber M Slain for Us Savior, Loving to wants organidevelop better Jesus'of rich overtones is Price fascinating, Great which Cornwall M the King Worship habits. zational teachings. inspirational, with complete and Sibelius M People Ye Onward

reof Papyri the photographs Macfarlane Eyes OurOpen

Open the Gates Jenkins M cently acquired by the Church.

Poor Wayfaring Man of Gr,ef Durham M $3.00 $3.25

Son of Man Robertson M $2.25

Spirit of God Neidlinger M Still, Still With Thee Shelley MThanks to Thee, Lord Handel M BOOKCRAFT MMMMMMMM

E Easter Morn Caldwell Thrt Blessed BOOKCRAFT 1186 South Main / Salt Lake City, Utah 84101 Handel M Meadows Verdant

We Are Watchmen Schreiner MD Please send the following circled book(s) for which

With a Voice of Singing Shaw M I enclose check or money order in the amount

D indicate Letters E, M, The MD and easy, of difficult. difficult, and medium medium, (Residents of Utah add 314% sales tax.)

Average Price is 25c to 30c 1. 2. 3. 4.

PateOra Wj fafA/ri a Child""To Stewart's yij"tsiMmAf jr i jf% % NAME

Cc1 or Solo Music Trio ADDRESS each 50c 8340 FALLS,0. BoxIDAHO20O9 IDAHC P.

MBBBBBHMMMBBBBBBBIBBHMBMHHiBiCITY, STATE, ZIP

July 1968 67 \6$tol>.

SALT LAKE OGDEN COTTONWOOD

These Times

the original swiss instant: SanoCal

Delightfully wholesome Ending the War cereal beverage; no coffee,

caffein, chemical additive. in Vietnam

160 cup size 2.79

carton of 4 10.50

postage: carton of 4....1.10 By Dr. G. Homer Durham

80 cup size 1.55 President, Arizona State University

carton of 6 8.70

postage: carton of 6....85c Nearly everybody has ideas on

Utah residents add 3'/2% sales tax how to end and win the Vietnam

ZCMI HEALTH FOODS - Salt Lake war.

Planning to Buy or Rent in Oriental history is different "Where the World from the experience that runs Registers"WASHINGTON. DC AREA?

through the Mediterraneanwest-

For Informationpacked I began the DESTINATION ern Atlantic world. Your next trip to Denver—the booklet:

& of Picture systematic study modern China—WASHINGTON capital climate of America

of fine homes, Gallery thirtyfive years (since 1842) some will be most memorable when Beck, Mrs. write Jean

you stay at the Brown Palace. LDS, 6013 Leewood Dr. ago. It is a difficult history to

600 air conditioned rooms Alex. Va. 703971-5340 grasp. I am far from being expert

OR contact in Asian thought and culture. And suites and executive rooms

n is largest, Blud China but one, if the restaurants five famous

Va. cultural hereportion of Asia. But convention complete CrowelVZ. comp.nv inc WcLcAN,1,MAT

accommodations REALTORS 22101 with is my particular "trial balloon."The following projection,

To expedite your reply, write Dept. IE COX'S DEUCOUS as always, is fabricated purely on

CreamedMoney myMyownschemeresponsibility.has a prologue. It is KARL W. MEHLMANN, General Manager

Represented by: one of the best in the U.S. not very useful. The data, the

MEMBER ROBERT York City F. WARNER mUaEI gift boxes a speciality times, the cultures, the circumNew

GLENN W. FAWCETT stances are never comparable. A

For Free Brochure) Los Angeles (Write

HONEY COX FARMS prologue only helps set the stage.

Shelley, Idaho 83274 South Vietnam is struggling for its independence. My prologue

(((( casepresentsof theAmericanthe eighteenthstrugglecenturyfor

It has been said that a history of independence. The American revoBritish, lutionists the had to defeat the compiled could be Mormons Mormon Songs allies, the AmerBritian's Hessian alone. their songs from The

from the hundred songs in this collection ican Tories, and the American are especially distinctive in Indians manipulated by the British

Rocky Mountains their description of Mormon and by the American Tories. The

history and customs. All are American revolutionists had the

from the collection of Thomas direct help of the French.

Edited by THOMAS E. CHENEY E. Cheney, Professor of English The U.S. today is assisting

South Vietnam. How do we get A History of the atof B.Y.U.the Church.and an active member$7.00

out?

Church in Song UNIVERSITY OF TEXAS PRESS

Austin & London (ftfcg)(S**<M)((tcft) Box 7819, Austin, Texas 78712 68 Improvement Era 'North Vietnam wi tinued in the American governThe American presence today ment, and in attempts to influis having influence on South probably not be ence the American government, Vietnamese politics. Has the

for some 20 years after YorkSouth Vietnam "Yorktown"been 'defeated.'"town. The 20 years ended fought? How much longer, after

with an undeclared naval war the South Vietnamese "Yorktown"against the French, fought by John and the assurance of South VietAdams, second President of the namese independence, will AmeriHow did the French get out United States. John Adams and can political involvement continue?

of the American revolution? And his policies were, I feel, correct. With what consequences? For

out of the United States? But his fellow citizens at the time them? For our internal, for our

How does the United States get did not so judge. Adams'war external affairs?

out of Vietnam? Or does it? against France cost him reelection So much for the lengthy proFrench influence was finally in 1800. His successor, Jefferson, logue. Now for the hypotheses.

withdrawn from the United States. was the beneficiary. In order to end the war in VietBut there were complications. How long will the United States nam, there will probably be no

French influence, agents, and remain in Vietnam? Yorktown at which the North

supplies entered the American The reader has to draw his own Vietnamese will be "defeated,"the conflict as early as 1775. There conclusions, if there are any. We Viet Cong troops captured, and

was sharply increased activity can only speculate at this time. civil administration restored to

thereafter. A "proFrench"party Deeply involved, it will not be easy South Vietnam's population cenwas visible in the Continental to withdraw. The far simpler inters. It is not that kind of war.

Congress from 1776 onward. It stance of French involvement in The Viet Cong avoid "positional"

continued as an active force in the the less complicated world of the warfare. They lure our positional

Congress of the United States American revolution illustrates. In forces into unknown terrain, then

through the administration of 1968, we are still "in Korea"15 silently attack. The best indicaJohn Adams. With the rise of Nayears after the armistice of July tion as to what kind of war it is

poleon and the assumption of 1953. requires reference to the guerrilla

office by Jefferson in 1801, the Any eventual American withconflict as the Viet Cong waged it

French "party"declined and drawal from Vietnam could be against the Japanese, the French, faded, or was absorbed by the much stickier than withdrawal of and the South Vietnamese for

Jeffersonians. The Louisiana PurFrench influence from U.S. affairs thirty years. Models of guerrilla

chase of 1803 marks part of the after Yorktown. American withwarfare have been provided by

process. We bought it from the drawal will probably have reperChu Teh, Mao Tsetung, and Lin

French. A memory of past French cussions in South Vietnamese Piao. Their successes against

influence received sentimental indomestic affairs. Adams and JefChiang Kaishek, 19271949, have

terest with Lafayette's farewell ferson, collaborators in producing come to form part of the literature visit in 1824. The highwater mark the American Declaration of Indeof military science.

of attempted French influence in pendence, also served in Paris Chiang Kaishek began wars of the internal affairs of the United together in the days of 1777. They extermination against the Chinese

States occurred between 1791 and their families became warm Communists in 1927. He had

and 1794. It created rifts both in friends. But political differences wellformed armies, modern weapCongress and in Washington's concerning AmericanFrench relaons, tanks, and aircraft. The

cabinet. It was dispelled only by tions later brought Adams and Communists became guerrillas,

Washington's firmness. Jefferson into conflict. Their living from the land, using capThe French (at sea) and Washfriendship was not repaired for tured weapons. Chiang drove the

ington (by land) defeated the nearly 25 years, near the end of Communists from the cities with

British at Yorktown in October their lives. Both died on July 4, his armies. Victories seemed al1781. This opened the way for 1826. It was the semicentennial most total. Yet by 1937 Chiang

the Treaty of Paris, 1783, which of the Declaration of Indepenhimself was the prisoner of Mao, recognized American independence, the resolution that Adams held in a cave, virtually naked.

dence. Shortly after Yorktown, the pushed through the Continental Chiang negotiated his release and

French military withdrew. French Congress and the words of which maintained a regime in Chungpolitical influence, however, conJefferson drafted. king. The Communists remained

July 1968 69 in Yenan. Both fought the Japaexcept three. This represents a resources endlessly in Asia without

nese until 1945. tremendous contribution of what fruitful results. Meanwhile, interChiang reentered the Chinese Lincoln called "the last full nal stress and disagreement will

cities, with American help. Then measure of devotion."befurther generated at home.

the Americans withdrew, leaving These expenditures of lives and The independence and the setheir weapons. By 1949 Chiang treasure should, ere long, either curity of the state, selfpreserva-

was defeated by the Communists. have supported or have produced a tion, has always been the first conSome of his generals and most of regime. If the South Vietnamese cern of foreign policy on the part

the weapons went over to the do not want their independence, of all nations.

Communist guerrillas. Chiang we cannot give it to them, even Accordingly, should there now

then ruled in Formosa, protected with more expenditures. If they not come an extraordinary atby American dominance of the do not genuinely want their indetempt to establish an effective

Formosan Straits, surrounded by pendence, if we are there because South Vietnamese constabulary?

an everrenewed army. we really need or want their Then must there not also be an

Mao's dictatorial government of country as a hedge in internaeffective South Vietnamese periphChina dates conveniently from tional conflict, then we have anery established, large or small, 1950. It has shown increasing other ball game. A different kind within which a stable rural village

signs of tension, reflecting opposiof outcome has to be expected. system and the cities can function and discord, since 1966. Mao If both South and North Vietnation? Consideration might begin

and his regime inherited the unmese dislike the Chinese and will for the strategic withdrawal of solved problems of governing the eventually resist the threat of American forces. The past guermasses of China. They are exChinese Communist overlordship, rilla business, including Japanese,

periencing what could be a time of if the South Vietnamese cannot French, and U.S. involvement, has

troubles. Can this dictatorship stand against the Viet Cong, will gone on for more years than either

survive? Or will Chiang's guerthe temptation come for the the Korean conflict (active) or

rillas (or someone else's) evenUnited States to assume a role in World War ll's U.S. involvement.

tually reverse the order, prey upon Southeast Asia, replacing what The task of American foreign

Mao and his regime, until some schoolboys once knew as "French policy is to cope with and evenregime emerges that can maintain IndoChina"with a permanent tually develop separate, divergent legitimate authority with the con- "American IndoChina"?, This relationships with the new socialsent of the governed? The answer prospect is too distasteful to istCommunist states that have

may affect the nature of the socontemplate. emerged in the last 50 years.

called "American presence"in In the latter case, the United History now indicates that there southeast Asia. States may have to consider, and could be as many varieties among

South Vietnam acquired a new to commence, a strategic withthem as among the monarchal or constitution in 1967. Elections drawal to points that we really democratic states of the past,

were held and a government was must defend for our own national despite new technologies, despite established. That government, in security. Preferably those posimeans of thought control, despite

the long run, has to make its own tions should not be on the contimass media, satellites, and the successes. It must serve the nent of Asia, where we can be dependence of individuals on the

legitimate needs, with the consent, constantly pricked and enticed by state for daily bread. If this view

of the South Vietnamese people. guerrillas into constant, fruitless is not true, then the course open

This must eventually include expenditure of blood and treasure. to the United States of America

their defense against the Viet Cong We need to promote friendship, is to distrust everybody.

or any other enemy. The United commerce, and business with offWe may then exercise two

States by early 1968 had spent shore Japan, Formosa, Malaysia, choices. One, like the foreign

thus far in the Vietnam war (acand the Philippines. We must not policy of ancient Rome, would be

cording to the Wall Street Journal) permit the Communists to seduce to undertake to conquer each more than half of the total it spent us into an interminable series of nearby state, one by one, adding for all of World War II. This repwars on the continent of Asia. them to an American empire. The

resents a notable effort, in treaSound economics and sound polidangers, expense, and folly of this sure, to help a young nation. More tics suggest that the United States policy is shown in the history of

American lives have been lost in should seek and find a new course Rome. The outer marches were

Vietnam than in any other war of action. Or we may expend our always in turmoil. Internal ca70 Improvement Era

pacity for sound government was Do You Work outrun by internal disorder and costly military operations. at the Office, The other choice would be either Cool

"splendid"or "hermitlike"isolation. The American commitment in Swelter at Home?

foreign policy, enunciated in the early years of the republic, was Graduate to Electric Air Conditioning "peace, commerce, and friendship with all nations,"entangling Are you enjoying electric air conditioning on your job?

alliances with none. The "peaceWhy not bring that springtime freshness to your home

ful,"commercial intercourse and—where you spend more of your time.

"friendship"attempted by the See your electric dealer or air conditioning contractor young nation involved us with the now.

Barbary pirates, the "godless"

Turks, the "heathen"Chinese, Because it's electric, it's better!

later the Japanese, the "wicked"Utah Power & Light Co monarchies of decadent Europe, and the "evil"papist and papal states of the Mediterranean. So

believed our forefathers, and so they behaved.

To end the war in Vietnam will,

I believe, require, first, a determination on the part of the South

Vietnamese to defend and maintain themselves; and second,

strategic American withdrawal, conserving our economic, military, and diplomatic power, which must eventually follow.

Expending our power in the interests of building a world of free, independent states (as we have done since World War II) includes the risk that those we help may become divergent states. To

some, France is an example, as much as Yugoslavia. In such a

world the USA must be capable of maintaining its own independence and way of life. And, at some

point, South Vietnam must be perAN INVITATION TO JOIN A UNIQUE BOOK CLUB mitted to go its own way. It must

find its place in the world of Wash- "Seek Out ofDlie Beit Book"ington, of Hanoi, of Peking, and ye of Moscow as the USA had to find MEMBERSHIP IS FREE!

its way among the superpowers of NO SET BUYING REQUIREMENTS 1783, as it has to find its way CLASSICS,RECEIVE REGULARSCIENTIFICOFFERS—L.D.S.OF—THEMANY"BEST"OTHERSBOOKS,among the powers of 1968, and as 10% -15% SAVINGS ON ALL PURCHASES—UP TO

it shall have to find its way in the 50% ON SALES.

world of whatever powers may yet be in these or future times. o

July 1968 71 End of an Era

The wealthy man's daughter was Man knows his age; woman We give advice by the bucket,

the "apple of his eye,"and he computes hers. but take it by the grain.

wanted to make sure she would be happy. During a talk with his As he ivas dying, Napoleon Our Taber Third Ward elders

future sonin-law, whom he didn't Bonaparte was reported to have recently held an outing particularly care for, he asked, said, "I die before my time, with their wives. After a

"Young man, what would you have and my body will be given back delicious Chinese dinner, to offer in exchange if I give my to the earth. Such is the fate the quorum president, to our

daughter a sizeable dowry?"After of him who has been called the great amusement, found

some hesitation, the young man great Napoleon. What an abyss these words inside his

answered brightly, "I could give betiueen my deep misery and fortune cookie: "In order

you a receipt!"the eternal kingdom of Christ!"to achieve success, you

should always consult your When our lives are not in elders. "-Cecilie Nelson,

strict harmony ivith the Taber, Alberta, Canada teachings of the gospel, it is due "There's nothing like cheerfulto our own inconsistencies, ness. I admire anyone who sings An American in London saw at

for the gospel is thoroughly at his work."a party a pretty girl whom he

—Presidentconsistent. George F. Richards quito!""How you must love a mosrecognizedHe walked overbut couldn'tto her andplace.said,

"How nice it is to see you again,"to which she replied, "Thank you, sir."This didn't

help much, so he said, "Hoiv is

Life Among the Mormons your mother?""She's fine,

thank you.""How's your

My husband, a patriarch, one brother?"I don't have"Why,a brother."I'm sorry,In abut

day met on the street a business panic, the American said, "Well, associate who was accompanied then, how is your sister?"

by a Catholic priest. In To this the pretty girl smiled

introducing my husband to and replied, "She is still Queen."

the priest, the friend said, "You're something pretty Children should be taught that important in your church too, they obey their parents in

Ernie. What are you called?"the same spirit that they pay

"A high priest,"was my hustithing, attend sacrament reply. retorted "Well,"band's meeting, keep the fast

the outrank "you me!"once a month.—Presidentor L. Esther Bramwell,—Mrs.priest, S. Dilworth Young

Modesto, California A bore is a fellow who opens his—Henrymouth andFord,puts U.S.his featsindustrialistin it.

"End of an Era"will pay $3 for humorous anecdotes and experiences relating to Latterday Saint way of life. Maximum length 150 words

72 Improvement Era In beautiful LIVING COLOR Illustrated Stories From The Book of Mormon

Thousands are now enjoying Vol. I

and highly praising it.

What some think of this series:

A leading educator:

"Great.... This belongs in every LDS home."

Enthusiastic readers:

"This makes the stories in the Book of Mormon live."

"It makes it so easy to read and understand."

A bishop: "Why didn't we have this when I was raising my family?"

An educator:

"The greatest educational breakthrough on the

Book of Mormon to date."

A seminary teacher:

"I've waited 20 years for this work.... It's great."

A father: "I can hardly get my children to bed after family home evening.... They want to read and

reread this great book."

From many happy subscribers:

"My family have almost worn out our first volume.

We can hardly wait for the next one."

Order now by mail or from local

representatives. Not available

in book stores.

PROMISED LAND PUBLICATION, INC.

163 EAST VINE ST., MURRAY, UTAH 84

Please send copies of Volume I, copies of

Volume II. "Illustrated Stories From the Book of Mormon"

@ $6.50 each plus 24</; tax and 50 for postage and packing.

—OrI enclosesend C.O.D.... for total number of books

I am interested in being a sales representative for these publications. Please contact me.

Ward.

Stake

Zip Code

Second Class Postage Paid at Salt Lake City, Utah

..Beneficial Life can help you build your future

Insurance is the stuff that dreams are made of. Beneficial Life mortgages help make home ownership

a reality for thousands of eager young families. A Beneficial Life T3T?An?T?TIT AT ttTTI?M J r lii JL>-Ei3l HjJ IvaLAJjinsurance policy makes it possible for a famly to retire its mortgage early, should the need arise. Beneficial Life helps buy and (ykimnee)npany

protect the ownership of that new home. virgiiH. smith, Prcs.\/sah Lake cuy.utah