i(fe>'a!.--i..fa*iiSfcffl*. t i**.'B... %, "te*Ti.|K

rlmprouemenfEra

fi'A PAGE from THE FLAMR FAMILY 8CRAPBOOK

.ot water faucets need never run cold in your home

... no, not even if you have a growing family. Building now? Planning to build?

Then insist on an automatic GAS water heater of ample capacity for home laundry

machine, automatic dishwasher, bathing, shaving, cleaning... every household

need. See chart, above. Remodeling? Ask your contractor or dealer to follow the

chart in replacing your old water heater with a modern "gas automatic."This water heater sizing chart was * m

prepared by a committee of experts for your

protection, and endorsed by the entire gas industry

of the West. Ask your plumberdealer.

'ICK 'CLEAN DEPENDABLE FLEXIBLE ECOA;OAf/g,jMOUNTAIN FUEL SUPPLY COMPANY

Serving Twentysix Utah and Wyoming Communities tSPIflRINEC rXr. MPURITV liiellNIVERSP CRAGtcf

By DR. FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR. mmiy

QUIl! /'HiLDREN of alcoholic fathers or mothers do not inherit their parents'desire for alcohol, Dr. Anna Roe has found in a study of children who had V'

been reared in foster homes. If the alcoholic parents rear their own children,

twenty to thirty percent become alcoholics, other stuoics have found.

Improved stereoscopic motion pictures do not require special glasses for the eyes of the spectators. The invention

of Semyon Ivanov, a calibrated screen has two films showing the same scene, but from different angles, which are projected at the same time by the usual machines. Properly focused, the films

give the eSect of a threedimensional picture. About one hundred twelve

miles of wire are required to make a screen of twentyfive square yards made by 36,000 fine copper wires running in tnree directions conforming to certain calculations. Instead of wire, thousands

of very thin lenses with a conical surface can be fitted on a large mirror, with a total weight of up to a ton.

"Dy soaking onion seeds for eighteen minutes in water heated to 122 F.

before planting, Russian agriculturists have been able to plant onions for shorter growing season climates because the treatment causes sprouting to be ten times faster.

/Crystal, pure crystalline quartz, receives its name from the Greek word for ice because it was supposed to for ice buried be snow and so long with great that pressureunder so it was hardened that it would never melt. Roquefort

A NEW antimalarial drug, SN 7618, and has been annotmced in Washington, D.C., which is said to be more jelly!

effective than quinine or atabrine.

Chemically a member of the four amiClever hostess! Her Valentine Party's a huge

noquinoline series, it gets its number success, climaxed with an unusual and delicious because it was the 7618th of fourteen treat... fresh, crispy Saltines spread with

thousand compounds tested. Of the

huge number tested at a cost of seven creamy Roquefort and tart jelly.

million dollars, only ten percent had any antimalarial value, and of these only eighty were suitable to try on human beings. Tried on about three thousand patients, and not yet available for

the general public, the drug works best on white patients, with no yellowing of the skin, and gives quicker relief with fewer doses than atabrine.

Tn a termite colony the queen may lay as many as fifty thousand eggs in a day. PSfRITY BISCUIT COMPAHYSALT LAKf

FEBRUARY 1947 65 *=me Qmprwinent FEBRUARY 1947 VOLUME 50, NO.

"THE VOICE OF THE CHURCH"Official Organ of the Priesthood Quorums, Mutual Improvement

Associations, Department of Education, Music Committee, Ward

Teachers, and Other Agencies of the Church of Jesus Christ of

Latterday Saints

''he names George -*I Washington and sigke Lcouey Abrahamnify freedomLincolnto libertyloving The One Hope of All Nations George Albert Smith 75 people the an actual PROM world around. The - photograph of Naubest proof of honor

voo, Charles Jacobsen them would be a reto made this composite Lkurck eatumi dedication to the prinphotograph drawing, ciples for which they depicting the tragedy How the Desert Was Tamed—Part K John A Widtsoe 76 labored: that of the

the of the exodus from liberation of all men Callis 78 Charles A—Beautiful,""City leavfrom tyranny and of Weston N Nordgren 84 Time Want A ing behind homes, slavery.

treasured possessions, Created, 104 AlQuarters Olsen Winter all, and, the above tem106 Priesthood: bert 72 Zobell, L. Melchizedek Jr -K ple, ordisacred where 108 Aaronic Said 68 Brigham Young nances perhad been

It 109 Shall Teaching and "Knock, Be Ward of Address: formed. Change than Rather 107 Hale.... Column.... 88 NoLiquor-Tobacco D. Opened,"Mathol

faith the deny that 1 10 Genealogy 94 Church Moves The On Fifteen renotice days'burned them, within.112 Activity Field 102, 112, 119 MenGleaner Photosfor quired change of ad- M the Saints willingly Celebration, 125 Pioneer Clothes, Eugene Lady Day Cow dress. ordering a When faced the rigors of a

bitter winter, with the change, please include promise of an arduous address slip from a recent issue of the magatrek across plains. the eaturei eati zine. Address changes is February the month specialT unless cannot be mode the of beginning Alcoholism of of the Yale School Evades One Cause old well the address as as exodus from Nauvoo.

is included. the one new J* Raymond Schmidt 79

The Bible and Speech Calvin T. Ryan 85

The Church Welfare Movement Robert McOmic 86 Executive and Editorial

Editors Creating Interest in die Classroom M. Lynn Bennion 87 Offices:

George Albert Smith Nature's Chorus Alice W Norton 89 50 North Main Street,

John A. Widtsoe The Spoken Word from Temple Sqtiare Salt Lake City 1, Utah.

92, 113 Richard L Evans Editor Managing

Brentnall Mary Evans Let*s Talk It Over Richard L 97 Copyrighttual Funds, 1947Inc., bya CorMu-

Associote Editor Exploring the Universe, FrankHoming: Why, Mother? Helen poration of the Young

Marba C. Josephson lin S. Harris, Jr 65 Gregg Green 98 Men's Mutual ImproveMaverick Pine Nuts, Marian Cook's Comer, Josephine B. ment Association of the

General Manager G. Nielson 67 Nichols - 99 Church of Jesus Christ of

George Q. Cannon Patterns of Progress, Frederick Are You a Second? Alfred I. Latterday Saints. All

rights reserved. Subscrip68 Tooke Jr C Wolters, Associate Manager price, tion year, a $2.00 Is Times, Sand G. Homer DurThese Drifting On. Us, Ar100

Lucy G. Cannon single in odvance; 20c thur 104 70 Wallace ham

Business Manager Religious Attitudes of Noted Care of Farm Machinery 105 copy.

of 74 School, Strong Sunday Men, Leon Week M. A D. Giles John Entered at Post the

124 Sears 88 Ronda Walker You! Are Jack You City, Office, Salt Lake

Editorial 128 90 the Associates and Your Page Ours Bookrack On as secondclass Utah,

Elizabeth J. Moffitt

matter. for Acceptance

Jr. Zobell, AlbertL

special rate of mailing at Harold Lundstrom in for provided postage (L-ditc 1 section of 103, Act OcNational Advertising

Representatives Rort on Alcohol John A. Widtsoe 96 Julytober2, 1918,1917, authorized Francis M. Mayo,

Salt City Lake Era Improvement The Edward S. Townsend,

is for unnot responsible San Francisco and solicited manuscripts, but Los Angeles contributions.

Bolle, Dougonand "Two Is Company"Mary Ek Knowles 80 welcomes

Chicago and 11 Prince in 82 the Redd Anna Hole All manuscripts be nwst Rock—Chapter New York

suffiby accompanied for Strawberry Mailbox, Request MariFrontispiece: Jam,

for delivery cient postage Audit Member, Bureau of 73 jane Morris Elaine 102 V. Emans and return. Circulations City, Salt Hope Horsfall Lake. Sketch,c., 110 Sayre Grace 89 Ram 91 Poetry Page

ee THE IMPROVEMENT ERA MAVERICK PINE NUTS <Dm rVlanan Cjamnef r/ieUon STOPPING between the B.-ars'Ears and cactus spines stuck in my fingers was really folly on our part, for as I tried greedily to get a few extra TROUT

Maverick Point was still several large nuts that had fallen in a bed ofmiles away, and the pine nuts waiting hardy cactus. A whitefaced steer for Breakfa!

to be picked up were open invitations stared at me bewildered, its comical exto all the squirrels and chipmunks on pression so like a man I knew that I

Elk Mountain. I even suspected that burst into laughter. ry>f"

all the rustling in the dry brushoak and And at that sound, everything was the dropping of the bluish berries from stilled; the little disturbing hum of the

the smokygray cedars, were not due deer fly, the rustling of the dry oak to the spiteful north breeze at all, but brush, even the deep voiced pine trees to these thrifty rodents scurrying down stopped their wailing. In the almost

to Maverick Point for our pine nuts. terrifying silence, I slipped quietly away

One striped little fellow—and a saucy from the spring and walked over to

chipmunk he was, upon a the rim, glancing back surreptitiously too—jumpedand eyed me imonce or twice. Suddenly I noticed thatred rock by the road

pertinently. When I reached for a sound of the pines had again become

stick, he vanished, smirking. I felt part of that October day.

bested in that encounter! I could hear the children as they

It wasn't the purple Navajo Mouncalled to each other up the slope, and tains to the southwest that intrigued Joe answered them. I stepped out onto COMES A GRINNING WAITER,

at the quickenedVirginia, for breath rim, too they were far away the and my DEFTLY BALANCING HIS TRAYI scene fouryear- the same in her me. importance It was around beautyto assume

old eyes, but it was the red road, jostwe had marveled over at the Bears'ling the cedars away with its shoulders Ears, but changed, glorified, spread at With a flourish he sets before sought, feet. and found, eyes sagebrush the through pushingand my My

the you a platter of mountain through winding Natural ribbon the red Flat toacross a faded Grand

Bridges. El Capitan, the guardian sencedars. Just a bit of an old toad, an trout, hot, crisp and savory.

trail, in- a faded written obliteratedtinel Valley almost was the of Monument

You spoon up some of the flung people. line of for volleys of questions,spiration a stalwart

down into the shimmering haze of Inmelted butter in which they

THE the flat rock where fromdian summer, vard,old after"Mormon"the trailsroadlandA washesboulcswim and anoint their golden bluffs sat. childrenthe oIdr The two

across the San Juan River drowsed and neartragedy of the Holein-thebrown sides, while your ago. fiftyeight years those ladder Rock, haze. the filmythrough A sunlit I taste buds dance to the a bride only its Aunt Mary, then in the could see rungs lowerof rain touched

bottom of White Canyon, a fitting deof a year, worrying and fretting about chef's artistry.

scent to the Augusta Natural Bridge. the cares and misfortunes of others,

wondering if the scouts at the head of Friend, that's the way to run

Deer's squaw only Babe whenTt was sufficiently the train were wagon clad a railroad. rode other up through Utes and two the penetrating protect from to them

off into finally coasted pass,the that we blond, a serious, DanGrandpa, wind; So come aboard Western

us. beforethe fairyland little The children his carrying ish of eight, boy

gazed back curiously at the two squaws bvmdle of sticks for the noon fire, and Pacific and make your next riding astride their small, wiry ponies watching out in his quiet way for trip on the railroad that gives bouncing serenely up and down in their Grandma; a sixyear-old wayward

saddles, wide grins on their faces. It child petted and spoiled by the whok you more s mileage for your

seemed queer to us that Molly Deer, company; the more sedate Platte Lymoney. Western Pacific Is

delicate, refined, and an artist, could man, his sunburned and peeling visage, be that coarse squaw's daughter. It looking into a vivid future for this the direct route to San Franstarted a train of questions that halted country of red rocks, flat mesas, and cisco through the Feather

only when we reached Maverick Point. little water; and over them all the aura

I let the children help with the pine of serenity and sacrifice, of a message River Canyon.

nuts.ing—fillingThe firstold littlecanswhileand tinwascupsfascinatwith heededa hostileandNavajoa journeycountry,undertakeninfested withinto

the mottled brown nuts, and emptying lawless cowboys and vindictive outthem slowly into the flour sacks left laws, because they were called "to conveniently near. The novelty wore come in peace to the Indians."Other

off when knees became tender, and pine dim figures struggled along that road, gum stuck tenaciously to rosy cheeks their haggard faces filled with dreams of and blond braids. But when the big a permanent home and an abiding

tarps were spread under the trees, and peace.

the tiny hard nuts rained from the It was that night around the blazing branches which Joe shook, ambition campfire of quaking aspen logs that surged again on Maverick. we heard again the story of this land

I left them arguing amiably about of magnificent distances. The children

nuts, most up the had pickedwho at and listened drowsily and nodded refor information call trail springfollowed the rocky to the scenes. Then, and names membered

—Maverick Spring. The water was after the pine nuts had been weighed H. R. COULAM, General Agent

piped into troughs, roughhewn pine and resacked and the pine gum washed 48 SOUTH MAIN ST., SALT LAKE CITY

log as troughs dear and cold and was off butter, children the with and had PHONE 4-6551 it. imagination had rememberedas my fallen stars, the asleep under we oldThe pine nuts lay thick on the ground, {Concluded on page 113)

FEBRUARY 1947 67.

iSnakam iyouna Sald: \\7thatwishwestrangersdid not cometo understandhere out of

obliged were but because we six hunchoice, for settlements our BRIGHTER DISHES lARK this was and somewhere, to go mountains in these miles dred

It find. could was place best the we that path the made then we mark

to live here person for any impossible bridges the building here, coming battled hard and/WHITER CLOTHES \ and labored he unless the across roads the making and it a but elements, was the fought and canyons! prairies, mountains, and

Latterday to raise place firstrate in old penniless waghere came livin blessed shall be Saints, and we telling us there backLIGHTER HOUSEWORK Weons, our friends it like shall yet make here, ing and can all provisions the you to "take the Lord and of Eden; the Garden all the seed more! Take get no and

his Saints will about hedge Almighty get none for can can, you grain you if them preserve will and defend and all implefarming the there! Take fear only will. his will The do they get for can none can, you you ments right; will not is do I that have we this, in addition did and there!"We set like on a city will if be do, we we all the this, all gathered have to we hid. will be light not hill: our a has the Lord could, and poor we

1 1: 2 xiv Discourses, o/ Journal promisvalleys, in these us planted

ing that He would hide us up for a Tn the days of Joseph we have sat little season until His wrath and inmany hours at a time conversing dignation passed over the nations. about this very country. Joseph has

Will we trust the Lord? Yes. Jouroften said, "If I were only in the

nal o[ Discourses, xiii:216. Rocky Mountains with a hundred

'T'he reason we have no poor who faithful men, I would then be happy, of mobocrats."odds ask no and is because we able are to work

: 1 6. xi Discourses, at Journal to work set every person to plan

I 1 of—.—and profitable employment, some 1870, reads In 15, of February Deseret News The

part: themselves. maintain to teach them 14. [February of yesterday Election Municipal The

there were unless satisfy to everybody 1870] ought of care is to take able If not a person exercised ladies few of row. a desirious... A some

. one the believe to vote and right we him. their of will care take himself, we firstYoung, Seraph Miss vote.. her was recorded who

viii:145. Discourses, Esq. Young, of B. daughter Journal H. of

PATTERNSpOgpE55

fME CUURCM M-MEN 'vii*t.- 15 RSGAPDED fKS THE

'':5<tf** fo".t, wO'

Lightens Housework

Through Chemistry"

With new Super Kenu you get the usefulness of many different cleaners... the convenience

of one. Scientific pH Control

gives Super Kenu amazing cleaning power yet keeps it \OUp ffC \ safe for finest fabrics and finVOUNO, OF RiaHAM 6RAN0KHECE

WOMAIs) VOTE TO THE FIRST ishesgentle to tender hands. WAS

/ Gel Super Kenu in the thrifty 2 lb. box IN rN ifNrri> statbs/

V at your grocer's today! 0&i.re../

68 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA W llmip%WBaH%M iirl I ImP'HH 'In a Fully Enffineered/fl& Offset Disc Harrour

ALLISCHALMERS MODEL J OFFSET DISC HARROW

Here's a Close Look at the Significance of q] You just touch a control lever and experience **FULLY ENGINEERED"the sensation of engineered deep tillage equipment! Hydraulic power does all the heavy conDisc gang assembly quickly removable

as a unit by loosening only four bolts. trol work—with exactness.

This disc opens almost instantly... closes equally fast... Accurate alignment and easy interchange

can be partially opened or closed to any degree at a touch. No of disc gang parts made possible by

ropes, chains or levers to wrestle. machined surfaces of mounting pads

and spacing spools.

Hydraulic cylinder Is doubleacting, holds disc under full, to adjustable of offset quickly Amount responsive control at all times. Turning.,. heavy trash or soft "

settings (four three on large sizes) by spots,. * are now handled with ease and dispatch. removing only tvro pins.

Entirely new, simplified center hinge rotates on tapered rolRear gang trailing position adjustable ler bearings, delivers great stability in operation. Disc gangs, through 14inch range.

fitted with famous AllisChalmers positive oil seal, require lubClean-cut design, no projections. Frame rication only when blades are replaced!

ends contour cast for smooth limb

HYDiROOFFSET is manufactured in sizes to match all shedding.

AllisChalmers HD series crawler tractors. EQUIPPED WITH TAPERED ROLLER

BEARINGS THROUGHOUT.

iK SQUADRONS 1947 ALLISCHALMERS Tractor Division Milwaukee 1, U. S. A.

Watch for Announcement by Your AllisChalmers Dealerl

Controlled with All the Ease of a Single Unit Complete and remarkable flexibility of HYDROOFFSET squadrons permits effective work over rough terrain—meeting both irrigated and dry

land conditions. Onelever operates both hydraulic

cylinders at once. Hitch is shortcoupled for new

ease of control and efficiency in close quarters.

FEBRUARY 1947 69 HESUlHlS By DR. G. HOMER DURHAM et for this brotherhood? Including the

Director of the Institute of Government, atom bomb?

University of Utah Tn 1947 the ticket is largely being writTn 1947, it seems, we are our brother's ten by the political institutions of keeper. And who is our brother? the United States of America, the

Jesus Christ, answering this question, Soviet Union, and of the British Emreplied with the matchless tale of the pire, assisted by the other states.

Good Samaritan. Some of the factors in this process may

be highlighted by listing a number of npHERE is meaning, for those with un names that will be concerned in the derstanding, in the adjective "good."writing of the brotherhood ticket. How

Why not simply call it the story of many of them have meaning for you?

or, Samaritan"? "The "A Certain Man

the T-Iere's a trial list: Security Council, Adventure of Samaria"? on or, "An

Jericho Road"? But we do not. TradiPolitburo, Republican steering comtion, marked with usage and meaning, mittee. Bilbo, Gromyko, Marshall, Athas made historic the appellation, tlee, Whitehall, Kremlin, Charles Ross,

"Good Samaritan."There is much of Molotov, Council of Nationalities,

significance in this because it was the Downing Street, Military Committee, accepted belief of Jesus'listeners that Dominion status, Pakistan, Bernard For "Good"and "Samaritan"were conBaruch, Ernest Bevin, ArmyNavy tradictions in terms. Hence, the title merger, B-36, White Sands, New MexRockets, U-235, Trygve Lie, "Good Samaritan"carries subtle imico; Skier's Clericalism, M.R.P., Peron. port.

relate itemfactors these to a VTow the Samaritan man *THE was Good sick world. times wounded, These Paradise! needed to be done did what who call for a universal Samaritans on Good

Because the Hotel Utah is after a priest and a Levite, both symscale.

within an hour's drive of bols of utter respectability, had "passed

Utah's major ski resorts, the by on the other side."The lessons are T Towever, the modern Samaritan

manifold and obvious. should go beyond the mere showHotel Utah has had the

ing victims. fury's unto of mercy One of pleasure entertaining life is religious unmeaningless ski- 'T'he if, in discourse sometimes a wonders on all ers from over the world. that less, with mercy, is done which citizenship neighborliness, well as as

Wd are delighted that we needs to be done. Witness the priest Jesus Christ might not have continued

have been established as Inand the Levite, the ancient tale a bit further. For extermountain Ski Headquarters. We're doing our best "Decently, in addressing sessions of turnedample, tothe JerusalemSamaritanandcouldreportedhave thereto make skiers welcome, and the American Political Science Asmatter that bandits and ruffians freproviding extra services to sociation, Professor William McGovquented the Jericho road to the local

anticipate your needs and ern of Northwestern University, con- "sheriff."At least, common sense would

desires. cluded with a statement that what seem to indicate that he should not have

"living the world and need is a America inevitable the as that fact accepted to invited the You're make religion."statement meaning has That suffer to people violence were bound headquarHotel your Utah of of the for the question brotherhood

that along should highway, but have Utahl in skiing ters while man.

steps the to eliminate haztaken some

T iterally interpreted, the doctrine of ards. Perhaps a good highway patrol

the brotherhood of man implies that could have been established so that future travelers need not be robbed and Guinea, headhunter the dark of New for dead.

that being is our brother; a man, God left

is his Father as well as of the Anglo- "DuT even if we get at the roots of

American lawyer in Wichita, Kansas. problems with basic remedies, as

John L. Lewis, as well as Senator Taft, for example, a highway patrol for the

is also our brother, together with V. M. Jericho road, the need for mercy reMolotov, James F. Byrnes, Ibn Saud, mains as a fundamental touchstone for

and Zionist terrorists. Rita Hayworth, the curious mixtures comprising the

Dorothy Thompson, "Tokyo Rose,"brotherhood of atomsmashing manGerman frauleins, and the mate of the kind. The requirements of mercy are so

New Guinea headhunter fall in the difficult to satisfy! How easy, somesame category of our sisters. We might times, to organize relief for the homealso add the Madams Chiang Kaishek less headhunters of New Guinea and

and Mao Tsetung. ignore the homeless on Main Street!

ELL, brother, sister, what would nTHis business of the brotherhood ofGUY TOOMBES, Managing Director W you do if you could write the tickman poses some real problems.

70 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA READ—and KNOW

THE THRIUING STORY OF UTAH'S FIRST CENTURY Read the stories of the great events and remarkable personalities who lived and served, strengthened and promoted the Faith in stirring days of adventure and empirebuilding.

WESTWARD AMERICA -..$5.00 BRIGHAM YOUNG THE COLONIZER $3.00 By Howard R. Driggs—Illustrated by William H. Jackson By Milton R. Hunter

UTAH, THE STORY OF HER PEOPLE $2.75 DANIEL HANMERBy B. S.WELLSHinckley $2.50 Milton R. By Hunter

F. LIFE $2.50 SMITH OF JOSEPH HIS THE BRIGHAM YOUNG. MAN AND Fielding Smith By Joseph

.. $2.50 WORK

... $3.00 C. Nibley KIMBALL...By Preston HEBER LIFE OF

F. Orson By Whitney P. PRATT.-$2.50 TRAVELS LIFE AND OF PARLEY

BOY THREE CLASSICS MORMON R. Driggs..$l,5fl Howard $2.50 BEN THE WAGONBy

Preston Nibley Compiled by.$2.00 STORIES UTAH INDIAN $2.25 DENNIS ANDBy THEMabelMORMONS. Harmer BATTALION.

R. Hunter By Milton

$2.00 EXODUS OF MODERN ISRAEL $1.00 STORY OF ByTHEMabelMORMONS. HarmerPIONEERS

SWEET LOVE REMEMBERED $2.75.PAHUTE INDIAN STORIES $1.76

By Helen Cortez Stafford By William R. Palmer

... and these great "backgrounds stories of Utahs founding:...

JOSEPH SMITH THE PROPHET $3.00 JOSEPH THE PROPHET $1.50

By Preston Nibley By Daryl Chase

HISTORY OF JOSEPH SMITH OF MORMON....$2.25 THE BOOK $2.50 WITNESSES OF by Preston Nibley By His Mother—Edited Nibley By Preston

ORSON PRATT'S WORKS $2.50 PROPHECIES OF JOSEPH SMITH AND THEIR

SHORT HISTORY OF THE CHURCH $.75 FULFILMENT $1.50

—and scores of other wellwritten, intriguing works on one of the great epochal events in American and Western history—the settlement and development of Utah and the Intermountoin empire. Write for complete lists.

USE THE COUPON BELOW FOR PROMPT DELIVERY OF THE ABOVELISTED BOOKS

DESERET44 East South Temple BOOKP. O. Box 958 COMPANYSalt Lake City 10. Utah

The Book Center of the Interniountain West

Please send the books as checked above. Enclosed is $

Name Address.-

FEBRUARY 1947 7).

WINTER QUARTERS

CREATED

By ALBERT L ZOBELL, JR.

last in the of September, week the 1846, THEyear Saints moving saw into the place that had been designated as Winter Quarters, now

Florence, Nebraska, across the river from the Iowa plains.

On September 23, this movement began. The "city"as it was called in

that entry in the Church's Journal History, was laid out in blocks of twenty

lots into assigned to and broken down TO WHOM IT MAY CONCERN individuals.rods by forty rods. Each block was lot four Each rods by was

By Marvin O. Ashton ten. President Brigham Young asHere are the stories, wise counsel, and kindly philosophy that sisted the brethren in building a yard

endeared the author to people everywhere. A priceless heritage! large enough to hold the cattle of all the

$3.00. Saints who would winter there.

afternoon, Sunday The following pleasant weather, 27, amid THEIRS IS THE KINGDOM September

By Wendell J. Ashton the Saints met on Main Street and held

With understanding heart, the author portrays eight choice chartheir characteristic Sunday afternoon acters from Mormon history. A refreshing, fascinating "bouquet meeting. Elder Orson Pratt opened

of biography."$2.00. with prayer.

You will be delighted with these books by an illustrious father Daniel H. Wells was then requested

... a talented son to give the latest news of the battle of

Nauvoo, in which the Illinois mobs were driving the few remaining Church members from Nauvoo with gun fire.

Brigham Young gave some counsel. 1186 South MainBOOKCRAFTTelephone 7-7911 Salt Lake City 4, Utah

"Father"and George John Smith W.

to volunteered FOR PROMPT SERVICE TILL OUT AND MAIL TfflS COUPON ** ** % Harris to raise teams go

No. (World) 251-C $4.50 after the poor. No. 283-C (World) $4.00 D BibleBible

the Brigham Colonizer Young Saints assembled voted that the 1186BDDKCRAFTSouth Main, Solt Lake City 4, Utah The Hunter $3.00

$2.00 Nauvoo Temple and all Church propPlease send the items checked below: ConstancyDennis and Amidthe MormonChange—BowenBattalion

It To Concern—M. O. Whom $2.00 Harmer May D sold erty arose, opportunity the as be Ashton $3.00 Orson Pratt—Lundwall..$3.00 Is the of Ashton $2.00 J. Kingdom—W. the sales to of proceeds apModemof such be D n DiscoursesExodus Israel—Lundwall....$1.00

of Thumbnail Sketch TheirsA Monnonism $2.00 Covenant God's D Race—Anderson in their to trek help the poor $1.00 Golden $2.00 propriated Plates—Pierce

of History—JosephsonDocumentary the Church D Gospel $2.25 Standards—Grant to the west. Outline and $1.75

The the Gospel Through Ages of Discourses Wilford Woodniff—D first Hunter the price) $2.25 is history of (new the week Thus Durham $2.50

Hurlbut's Story of iP2.50 Bible the Evidences and Reconciliations—D the Quarters. Before at spent Winter Wid*soe In $1.75 the Gospel Net—Widtsoe $1.85 n Family $2.25 Eternal—West....$3.00 of Life C. Heber n Kimball—Whitney the be on would company advance This For $2.50 Glory—Bailey My D Life of F. $2.50 Joseph Smith—Smith D The Saint—Bailey $2.50 Gay April, following the again many n move of Restoration $1.75 All Things—Smith n....$2.25 Gospel The Taylor Kingdom—John D of Signs the $1.25 Times—Smith His $2.25 Howells Mansions succumbed Many their have of would number n

of St. of Immortal $1.50 Pioneers Temple Promise—Billeter George—D all elements; rigors of the the and to Miller $3.00.$2.75 The Robe—Douglas

Inspired Prophetic Warnings—$1.00 The D Ten Commandments—Riggs tried their befaith anew have would Lundwall $1.00 This $1.50 and Day Always—Evans $2.00 Johnny—Stradling n find, of as fore to one ventured out they the $1.50 Unto Hills—Evans Smith: loseph ProphetStatesman—D of Story Her PeopleUtah—The $2.25 Durham their read: favorite songs $2.75 Hunter the $2.00 Man Dragon—Widtsoe n

Indian Minute Stories—Hunter $2.25 $1.00 Utah andSermons—Zobell n prefor find the place us which We'll God $1.50 of Modem the Witnesses Book of Mormon n

$3.00 Miracles—Stokesthe Nauvoo Nibley $2.25 Beautiful—McGovin pared, n

of....$3.00 Words That's Not History—Ma'am (Leather Bound) No in the West; Far away Nibley $ Story Jesus—Tell.50 A $2.00

Prince $2.00 shall of Ur—GatesWidtsoe none come to hurt or make of Book..-$1.50 Where Edition toMormon—Library

Sagebrush Wheels—and Wagon Puzzle Utah $1.00 afraid; Book—Wahlquist

$2.00 Dustin 'Tmigrcrtion"..-$3.95 (game)—Clawson the Saints will be blessed... RZ.50 Everlasting—Bailey Song 1.00 There Golden Nuggets of Thought—Marler..$

$1.25 Story of Jesus—Snow

The Quest—Ursenbach $2.00 Payment enclosed Send C.O.D. In March 1847, the month before the

The Spoken "and Word"—Evans

for Witness Christ in Ameri-....J1.50 Name westward movement began anew, Win- A New

ca—Kirkham $1.75 Address ter Quarters was a well organized city

Skeptic Discovers Mormonism A Riggs $2.00 of fortyone blocks, 820 lots, seven

hundred houses, and twentytwo wards.

72 THE IMPROVEMENT ER> -—Photograph by Jeano Orlando

tall against the skyHJILBOX O ILENT SENTRY SO

Knowing wild winds with soft gypsyfingers

And purple mountains that catch and hold the sigh

Of vast, unmeasured space where twilight lingers.

You hold within your heart the secrets, the vows

Of lovers, of love that's stood the trial and test.

Your small or large capacity allows

The news of death to stay without protest.

And birth is there, tiny and full of pride;

Regret, the plea to forget and start again;

And age, austere, so plainly dignified. by

MARIME MORRIS Your(The watchpast, present,may change,and futureyour form,are anyourendlessface,chain.)

But in your heart... life finds a restingplace.

FEBRUARY 1947 73

RELIGIOUS ATTITUDES

of NOTED MEN Selected bi JLeon ft I- Strong

NicoLAUS Copernicus (14731543) famous for first teaching that the earth revolves around the sun,... "was afraid that ignorance would hold

his discovery to be hostile to the Bible. It

is also said that he had a profound reverence for the holy scriptures, and that none of his natural studies and conclusions shook his faith in the revelation of the gospel."(p.

211.)* And further:

"He had lived a life of Christian virtueimitating his Master... yet so far from

having anything to boast before God, he said himself that he felt his need of infinite mercy and in seeking the pardon of his sins he would not place himself on a level with

Paul and Peter but, rather, chose a point in selfhumiliation by the side of the penitent thief."(Quoted from John Stouton,

Worthies of Science, pp. 42, 4.)

Galilei Galileo (15641642) noted astronomer, defended the Copernican theory of astronomy and was required by Pope Paul V to recant. Legend has

it that upon concluding his recantation he exclaimed "Nevertheless it [the earth] does move."

; All his life he is said to have been a devoted Christian. (Leete, page 213 and Standard m Encyclopedia, vol. 13, p. 265.)*

Johannes Kepler (15711630) celebrated astronomer,.., paid particular attention to theology,

and intended, it is said, to enter the ministry.

Despite lifelong bad health and family

What makes Mr. L. W. (Long Winter) Heavies courage,troubles, Keplercheerfulness,is saidandto havea trulymaintainedreligious

spirit, (pp. 213, 226.)*

slightly 'pixilated'? The American Housekeeper knows. Dr. Joseph F. Merrill said:

Both Galileo and Kepler were men, it Is

FelsNaptha Soap is back on her grocer's shelves. written, of undoubted piety and religious

faith. Pascal, famous for his mathematical

Here is real proof that 'days of doing without'abilitystatics andand forpneumatics,his experimentsduring inthe hydrolatter are past and gone. Once more the words 'clean'religion—writingyears of his life devotedand serving.himselfRobertwhollyBoyle,to

of student every is famihar to fame and 'vihite'apply to every washday—not just whose whose a man chemistry, was physics and

not it was all his doings: sanctified the times when she was lucky enough "piety over (Address but a practice."a theory,

to find FelsNaptha. radio station KSL June 21, 1931. No. 12.

p. 3.) Now she can use FelsNaptha Soap wherever its opherRoger(121471294):Bacon, scientist and philosworks, as well theological various Wrote gentle, thorough action is needed. Now she can He and philosophy. on science as books

get out all the dirt, quickly and safely. insisted on the reading of the Bible in the

Now she can have FelsNaptha possible,original (languages),(p. 209.)* by the laity even, if

Soap whenever she wants it. andGiordanoscientist Bruno,(154871noted600),philosophertook issue

with Aristotle and insisted on

And so can you:... the absolute boundlessness of the universe. He taught that God and the world

are not the same, but that God is identified with the universe or that he may be designated as matter conceived in extended substance, essentially immaterial, the immanent cause or soul of the world, (p.

210.)* (Concluded on page 123) * (Extracts taken from the book Chris-

D. Science, by Frederick tianity andFelsNaptha Soap

Press, AbingdonCokesbury Leete, The 8AA//SHES TATTLETALE GRAY 1928.)

f* THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ZIL ONE HOPE ofUYlati.cond

By PRESIDENT GEORGE ALBERT SMITH

THIStwo monthgreat ofAmericanFebruary remindspatriots:us againGeorgeof citiesworld ofatthatits daytime,werewas destroyed,overthrown,but andagainothernot

Washington and Abraham Lincoln. And until the people had been fully warned.

as we think of these patriots, our thoughts turn We have the examples in ancient America of to all those who have helped to make our land a the complete annihilation of the Jaredite civilizaland of freedom, which the Lord has said it can tion and, about a thousand years later of the continue to be, if we will but keep the commandNephite culture from the face of the land, bements of God, cause of their failure to keep the commandments

We have many examples where God has foreof the Lord, having been fully warned by their warned the people through his servants the prophets.

prophets to repent of their wickedness before The great holocaust the world has recently destruction may come upon them, Noah preached gone through—World War II—came upon the

the gospel of repentance to the people of his nations because of the wickedness among people dispensation without converting a single soul who likewise had been warned and called to aside from the members of his own family. Durrepentance. Through their ripening in iniquity

ing his entire ministry Noah was warning the war and destruction followed.

people that if they did not repent of their sins and With the discovery of the atomic bomb, the turn unto the Lord, they would suffer the penalty power to destroy has been greatly increased.

for wrongdoing. Those to whom he preached Nearly a third of a million people were killed by

repentance ridiculed him and ignored him; and one such bomb. Consider the destruction that

when they discovered him following the advice would follow the dropping of bombs upon the of the Lord by building a great boat upon dry great cities of the world. There seems to be no

land, we can well imagine what they would say. intelligence in man nor wisdom among the sons

But when the rains descended and the floods of our Heavenly Father who dwell upon this began to rise, as Noah had forewarned, and earth, through which, he has found a way to only this good man and his family went into the neutralize the effects of the atom bomb. There

ark, and when the boat began to be lifted upon can be no certain protection to the people of the the water, we again can imagine how all those world in the future except by keeping the comthe counsel given mandments he has and of people of God multitudes would whom feel,—people

his to his children through servants the prophets. sins of their to repent long warned he had so

all this history so that they might be spared—knowing it was In our time we can benefit from

then too late. Because of their willfulness and and experience. How wonderful it is to live at

wickedness they were not fit to live longer upon this time, and how marvelous it is to dwell in a the earth. land where freedom abounds. If the people of

Again in the days of Abraham so wicked were this nation will turn to the Lord and keep his the people residing in the cities of Sodom and commandments, they will enjoy happiness, and

Gomorrah that fire came down from heaven and our Heavenly Father will continue to bless them.

destroyed them. This destruction did not occur, But on the other hand, if we and all other people

however, until after they had been fully warned who dwell upon this favored continent refuse to of their wickedness and urged to repent. obey the commandments of our Heavenly Fa-;

Jerusalem has been repeatedly overthrown and ther, it will be only a question of time until the her buildings and temples destroyed, not, hownations now existing and the people who dwell ever, until after prophets of God had notified the here will suffer destruction.

people to repent of their sins, and pleaded with The promises of the Lord concerning peace them to keep the commandments of the Lord and and happiness are always conditioned upon not live the evil lives that others were living. But righteousness. When large portions of his sons

the people paid no attention even though in every and daughters, who have been enriched with the instance they had been warned in advance of comforts and blessings of life, turn their backs what would occur. upon that which is good and become wicked and

We read how Babylon, the greatest city of the; {Concluded on page 126)

FEBRUARY 1947 PHBEJ75 fEOmilKS

EENHNNIHL THE DESERT WAS TAMED HOW rof odau and corvioytow Xe66on 1 i'i V Part II along. Word was sent out for improved

Chapter 3 "When Tillage Begins..."wouldstrains satisfyof farmtheseanimals.empireNothingbuilders!but the best

FOODearlywassettlers.of courseThey thewerefirstalone,neednearlyof thea story,Earlyyetagricultureto be told,inalsothe secondbasin furnishesto none ina A thousand miles from the nearest outpost human interest.

of civilization, where they might have succor Alfalfa or lucern was soon found to be the in time of need. The supply in their wagons best fodder crop under the climatic conditions

was meager. The desert yielded little of food of the Great Basin. It not only had high feedvalue. Game was not plentiful in the mouning value, but, being a deeprooted leguminous

tluSs. tains. Besides, they were strangers in a strange crop, it also improved the soil, and it was a

f ''v\ land.Consequently, a plow was dug into the fineBrighamyielder.YoungIt isandoftenalfalfasaid madefacetiouslyUtah, thatand

hardbaked soil the day of the arrival of the that neither could have done it alone. In a

first Pioneers; and though the season was search to discover by whom alfalfa was inlate (July 24), potatoes were planted by troduced into the territory, a host of claimants

Wilford Woodruff, wheat by others. From were found. Some had sent seed from Calithat time on, agriculture was the first and fornia, others from Mexico, still others from

foremost concern of the conquerors of the Switzerland. So, with many other crops.

desert. Every man who went into the world made

Missionaries who were sent out over the himself a scout for things that might help in earth brought back seeds of all manner of the conquest of the desert.

plants, for flowers, vegetables, and field crops, Converts from foreign lands were often to be tried out in their desert home. Requests acquainted with relatively new crops. Thus,

were sent over the plains for seeds and plants Christian A. Madsen, bishop of Gunnison,

in the older states of the Union. Members of Utah, a Dane who had grown up in the sugar

the Mormon Battalion, coming tO'the Salt beet section of Europe, urged, through Thz

Lake Basin by way of Cahfornia, brought with Deseret News, the growing of sugar beets in them plants that had been tested there and the territory. Many farmers actually planted

found satisfactory. It was a worldwide camsmall patches of beets, and proved that this

paign for the best crops. important root crop would grow well on the

W. C. Staines planted in 1850, near City Basin soils. Nearly every crop known to the

Creek in Salt Lake City, fruit and flower seeds settlers in their old homes in America and brought from the East by a forgotten emiEurope was tried out under irrigated condigrant. C. H. Oliphant sent repeatedly for tions.

seeds, stocks, and scions of good fruit trees. Every year the settlers held an agricultural

Grafting and budding were practised on fair, at which crops were displayed, and prizes seedlings. The Rawles Janet apple and sevwere awarded. The early newspapers gave

eral fine varieties of peaches were developed. frequent attention to agricultural problems.

These pioneer horticulturists paid one cent The communities were farm conscious. It was

each for peach pits. Ohphant finished a house well and honorable to be a farmer. All other

for Lorin Farr and took peach pits in pay. As activities took secondary places in the philosearly as 1855 these men organized the Deseret ophy that made the desert blossom as the rose.

the Society, grew into which Horticultural the foundation Farming must be of the sound

SoManufacturing Agricultural and 1 Deseret that they commonwealth were building.

ciety. Provisions were made for distribution

of new plants among the pioneers. The reHThis pioneer feeling has carried over into

sults of these labors were spread over the this age. The people who have descended

valleys until fruits and other crops were from the pioneers still cherish the thought that growing in every little settlement. the majority of the members of the Church are

Livestock was not forgotten. In almost farmers; and hope it may ever be so. New

every emigrant train were bees, doves, poultry, converts soon discover and assimilate this squirrels, sheep, goats, and beef and dairy feeling. Every man should, however small the

cattle. Dogs and cats were always brought opportunity, contribute to the production of

'T'he Pioneers did try to restrain the people from joining in the California gold rush which began two years after their entrance into the Great Salt Lake valley. The pioneers

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE were engaged in building communities of happy, selfsupporting people. That did not

really require gold, which has industrial value only in a minor way. A nation can be

food. The grim barrenness of the desert still built without gold. Some other symbol for

threatens. And in our troubled day, there exchange might be found. The mining of iron

may lurk a coming famine. There is a sturdy and other industrially useful metals and minpride among Utah people that their agriculerals was encouraged. Joining in the gold rush

tural college ranks among the best in service would really defeat or delay the work of reand among the largest, if not the largest, in deeming the desert; and besides, since only

per capita attendance. a few ever profit from goldmadness, most of

This feeling for agriculture among the piothe "rushers"would return poorer than they neers was not wholly due to the fact that the left. To secure a safe foundation for the rising

farm supplies man's first need, food. Farming commonwealth, mining for metals of low inwas conceived in a much larger sense to be a dustrial value was discouraged in the early

fundamental art in the building of a healthy years of settlement.

society. It was felt that a full civilization must The earnest belief in farming as the cement- '.M

rest upon a foundation of agriculture. Sturdy ing element in all social and economic progress

and useful men and women were the real obis one of the major contributions to the world jective of the "Mormon"venture. They could of the people who settled the Western Ameribest be reared in an agricultural community. can deserts. /fl

To bring to maturity such people justified the This faith looked beyond great state and hardships of pioneer life, the toilsome journey national departments of agriculture, desirable across the plains, and the burial of loved ones as they are. It conceived rather a mode of

by the side of the trail. living in which the masses of people would

Men who touch the soil, ever so lightly, bebe wholly or to some degree engaged in wincome changed men. They live more natural ning food and other necessities from the soil;

lives. They absorb, somehow, the clean wholebut above all else the health of the whole man,

someness of God's earth. In combat with physical and spiritual, that such contacts with

wind and weather, destructive diseases or inthe elements of nature would bring.

sects, they gain a desire to know and a fearThis is another lesson that the world might less courage to conquer. Out of such a life well heed.

comes an independence of thought, and speech, and action that makes a truthseeker of a man. And a man who loves truth becomes Chapter 4 The First Battle

not only humble, therefore able to progress, it, in the newbut he also develops stability amidst the T AND there was, and plenty of whirling theories of the day. Out of this docly-entered country. Many mountainencir-

trine comes the historic fact that sons of the cled valleys, beautiful to the eye and filled with farm freshen the blood of the city. Without good soil, opened up to the exploring parties.

the contributions of the farm, city life would Westward to the Sierra Nevadas were vast stagnate and rot, for it does not have the powstretches of more nearly level land, the "deser of recreation within itself. That was the ert"or "sandy plain"of the early geogramore important reason for keeping the people phers. There was an abundance of land.

close to the soil in the building of the desert The sharp and experienced eyes of the pioempire. Political and economic philosophers neer explorers did not fail to note that in most

of the present day are coming very generally places, the native vegetation was scant and to the belief that our social system must proscrubby. The lush grass and timbered groves

vide means by which every man, no matter of the east were missing. The problem thus

how he earns his livelihood, may have access indicated presented the first real battle of the to the soil, and become a food producer, Pioneers; and it is neverending.

though ever so hghtly. The new country lay under a low rainfall,

This did not mean that the pioneers had as witnessed by the sparse native vegetation.

antagonism to other human pursuits. On the To secure full crops, the natural precipitation

contrary, Daniel Webster's doctrine was firmhad to be supplemented by water artificially ly believed: "When tillage begins, other arts supplied. That meant irrigation. It was years

follow."That is, all arts thrive best in comlater when it was shown that some extensive

munities resting safely on agriculture. {Continued on page 126)

fEBRUARY 1947

CHARLES A. CALLIS

of the Louncil of the twelve

ELDER Charles A. Callis of the wasn't a ward, arid probably not a Council of the Twelve died neighborhood, who at some time durJanuary 21, in Jacksonville, ing his administration in the SouthFlorida, as he was traveling to comern States, hadn't sent Elder Callis

—theplete oneeffectingof theofantbitionsthe organizationof his lifeof areceivedganghngback,boyafteras a themissionary,mission term,and

a stake of Zion in Florida. Accord"a man in every sense of the word,

ing to word received by the First fully equipped to take his place in the

Presidency, the organization of the community and Church life at home.

stake had been completed under the He was released as a mission presidirection of Elder Callis and Harold dent in February 1934. It has been

B. Lee of the Council of the Twelve, estimated that there were three thouas it had been planned, with the exsand missionaries in the Southern

ception of one ward in Georgia. States while he presided.

They were expecting to accomplish During his thirteen years as one it that night. Elder Callis was riding of the General Authorities, Elder

in the car of Elder A. O. Jenkins, Callis saw the Church grow to a

newly installed senior member of point where stakes were organized the Florida Stake high council. Sudin the missions to list several—in

denly Elder Callis ceased talking. California with Gridley and SacraCHARLES A. CALLISElder Jenkins looked up to see him mento in 1 934—in the Eastern Statesbreathe his last. Attendants at a hoswith New York in 1934—in the

pital, within a block of the occurHawaiian Islands with Oahu in ways be a highlight in the memoryrence, pronounced Elder Callis dead. 1935; Chicago Stake from the

Callises. the of anyone knew who Northern States Mission in 1936; Charles A. Callis was born in Callis Sister Elder Both were and stakes the Seattle from and Portland Ireland,Dublin, May 4, 1865. His called as misStates to the Southern

in States 1938; Northwestern long life of fourscore-yearsand- in 1 sionaries assigned 906, and were

one was about "his Father's busito labor in Jacksonville, Florida. Washington Stake from the Eastern

in States Stake 1940; from Denver Biblicalness."injunction to be The it that they gathered about Here was

in in the States 1941; and Western fatherthe of themindful and widow children, twenty men, women, and

the assignreceived he coveted 1 947 lifeless in his reality early a became School, organized a and Sunday his to return mission to ment and own father,as his died, his leaving John, in small three meeting a frame room left Salt stake. a organize Lake He Callis, Charlottemother, Quilham it stilts. in house, was, Here on Jacktelling for 9, City Florida January family.with Charles a small was Callis, sonville, that Elder had who his associates at the Church Adminin Liverpool,baptized England, and a attained apostleship, but still was

istration that Building "gohe was to the family emigrated Utah in Octo returned comhumble missionary, tober 1875. plete his earthly labors. ing home."

After filling a mission of some T-Iis first mission was during the eighteen months, Elder Callis was T-Je loved the common man—and

winter of 189293, when he called directly into the presidency of wherever he went he found,served for jSve months in Wyoming, the Southern States Mission. them. And their problems became

jwhich was then a part of Summit his problems. Much of his mail came

Stake. A LTHOUGH he had no time to pracfrom friends he had made as a mission president were seeking his who

to tise year, the 1 893, law, he began he That same was admitted advice in personal problems.

Isles in British'a mission in the states the of Florida and both which bar of He always marveled at the differhe was to serve as president of the South Carolina. These memberships ent places in the Church where heIrish conference. Returning to Utah, gave him prestige and enabled him to

found his former missionaries, and influentialhe superintendent of the of the meet became men of many they him. what would do for The in that Stake the South,Summit Mutual Improvement and way alleviated

in that Saints the mishe had known for years.Association the nine of prejudice against the was much He sion field were the same way. One bar.a of gifted orator, the represented. a ably he so member Cause

He made friends easily, and kept It was at the semiannual general ofsecretarythe womenat thewhoChurchused officesto be hisreall this always. Butthem was in of the only conference Church October called that as regularly as one wore

life's his forthe preparation work. first Callis sus1933 that Elder was hat received out, he a from a new

In 1902, he married Grace Pack, tained as a member of the Council of humble member in the Southern and the devotion of the two for one the Twelve. But he needed no inStates.

another and for the Church, will altroduction to the Church. There {Concluded on page 125)

78 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA to be heavy drinkers and alcoholics,YALE SCHOOL Evades army of moderate drinkers turn out not even the scientists become greatevery thousand drinkers become sick ONE CAUSE OF ALCOHOLISM ly disturbed that one hundred of and unemployable. Surely the proBy DR. J. RAYMOND SCHMIDT duction of fifty or more chronic alcoholics out of every thousand

Citric League measures.THEStudiesYalehasSchoolheld fourof Alcoholsummer General Superintendent, National drinkers calls for drastic remedial

sessions, the first one in 1943 with an enrollment of seventyodd rNE came to have the highest restudents. At the 1946 session there gard for the thirtyeight memwere one hundred sixtyeight stubers of Alcoholics Anonymous who

dents, who spent four weeks listenmillion may be classed as chronic alwere enrolled at the 1946 summer ing to fiftytwo lectures by twentycoholics. The specialists seem to be session. Any friend of the temperfive scientists, sociologists, educachiefly interested in rehabilitating ance cause can rejoice in their fine

tors, representatives of Alcoholics the latter, while apparently closing record of bringing alcohcjics back to

Anonymous, the liquor trade, and their eyes to the inescapable fact that the normal way of living. Personalthe antialcohol movement. the five million excessive drinkers ly, I want to cooperate with them in

The wide scope of the fiftytwo and chronic alcoholics were reevery possible way. The AA's stand

lectures is indicated by their groupcruited from the ranks of moderate alone in working with alcoholics.

ing under the following seven headdrinkers. The Yale experts are reNo other group can do as well, no

ings: ( 1 ) by way of introduction, luctant to regard moderate drinkers matter how much in favor of sobriety

(2) the effects of alcohol on the as potential alcoholics, who give rise they may be.

individual, (3) the use of alcoholic to the very problem in which they The fact cannot be overlooked, beverages through the ages and soare so genuinely interested. however, that the AA's and the Yale

ciety's informal controls of inebriety, After all, by what rule can it be school have the same tolerance for ( 4 ) psychological factors in alcoholclaimed that moderate drinkers are moderation, forgetting as they do ism, ( 5 ) the magnitude of the probnot as much a menace to society as that in many cases theit alcoholism lem of inebriety, { 6 ) formal controls chronic alcoholics? Not many of the was a gradual development from the

of inebriety, and (7) the treatment latter are sitting at the steering mildest form of moderation. Yes.

of alcoholism. wheels of automobiles. Therefore, it we'll agree the alcoholic is a sick

The summer school is a part of seems reasonable to credit the person, but we still believe many of

Yale University's Laboratory of Apmounting number of auto accidents them were sick from overindulgence plied Physiology of which Dr. H. to drinking drivers—our highly rein varying degrees long before they

W. Haggard is the head. Dr. E. M. spected moderate drinkers. The combecame chronic cases.

Jellinek, research associate of the missioner of motor vehicles of a great The psychiatrists on the faculty

Laboratory of Applied Physiology, eastern state attributes eighty peranalyzed the reasons why men and has been director of the Yale School cent of the highway accidents to tipwomen take to drink. Some start

of Alcohol Studies since its estabsy drivers. Surely such a hazard to from inabihty to resist social preslishment four years ago. human life makes the moderate sure, others to escape reality and dull

The founding of this school indidrinker just as much of a social probsurroundings, and still others to forcates that a group of scientists has lem as the chronic alcoholic. get their troubles. Dr. Hersey very

become interested in America's drink If a hmited number of typhoid aptly declared that alcohol never reproblem. It is highly significant that cases should be reported in any commoved or solved any problems, only

eminent scientists recognize the serimunity, it stands to reason that every created a new one to aggravate those ousness of the situation and desire to precaution would be taken to check that could not be escaped. But not

do something about it. On the other the spread of the disease. The a word was officially said in four

hand, the very fact that the school drinking water would be tested and weeks about the greatest single facwas established may be looked upon every safeguard used to insure its tor in starting so many young people as evidence as to how well repeal has purity. But when ten percent of the on the perilous pathway of moderasucceeded in alcoholizing America. tion—the gigantic alcohol education

campaign carried on by the brewers, /NE does not hsten very long to the distillers, and vintners under the

Yale lecturers before he discerns guise of advertising, at an annual cost that their chief concern is about the of approximately $75,000,000. Were

chronic alcoholic. Apparently the young people not being persuaded to

extremely heavy drinkers constitute start drinking in large numbers, the the alcohol problem as they compreliquor interests would save the hend it. According to the school money they now spend in keeping

there are approximately fifty million alcohohc beverages constantly bedrinkers in America, of whom three fore the public by the means of billto four million drink excessively and board, magazine, newspaper, and seven hundred fifty thousand to a radio advertising.

FEBRUARY 1947 79 WLeneuer IS wTWO COMPANY"s5i'BTH stepped to the winkme amiL a nanaledow as she heard a car drive up in f front of the apartment. She stood

there smiling down into the early By MARY EK KNOWLES winter darkness, her long dark hair shining in the soft light from candles on the table.—Perk was back to stay with them Vic how he'd walked the streets all

She saw Vic get out of the car again—to sleep on the couch in the day looking for a job when she'd

parked beneath the arc hght. She living room! But why? she thought seen him coming out of a movie or

raised her hand to wave, then angrily. Amy Thompson had promsitting in the park! Perk—coming

dropped it to her side as a second ised to hold the room for him. home with the sob story that a holdfigure climbed out of the car. It was Her patience was suddenly gone. up man had robbed him of his mus-

a tall, lanky boy, and he tagged at Two is company, but three! She tering out pay. And that very day

her young husband's heels carrying turned sharply from the window and on her way to market she'd seen him a battered suitcase in his hand. jjurried into the bedroom. Perk was in the Star Club playing poker!

It was Al Perkins, Vic's buddy. a sponger, a loafer, and he was Tonight was to have been their

"Perk,"Vic called him* And the playing Vic's friendship and loyalty first night alone, and Vic had beensuitcase could mean only one thing for him to the limit. Perk—telling home for two weeks!

She turned on the hght in the small living room and blew out the.candles. If there had been time, she'd

have taken the sterling silver and MrUin'crystal from the table and set it with her everyday things. These things

were not for Perk! He'd say, "Gosh,

this is just the way Mom sets the table for a party. Of course, our table

is larger, because there's Mom and

Pop and Ellen and Buddy,"Perk's marvelous family in Pleasantville! She knew all about them.

Mom was blueeyed and grayhaired and plump. Pop worked in the mill.

Ellen was fourteen and very talented. Perk was going to send her

money for dancing lessons as soon as he found a job. Buddy was three.

Well, if they were so perfect, why didn't Perk go back to them, she thought hotly. She put up the leaf

on the dinette table, set another place. His excuse was that he wanted

to make his stake in the city first.

But certainly his family must be as anxious to have him back as she'd been to have Vic back!,.. as she'd

been to have Vic back.... She stood

in hushed silence by the table. Vic

almost hadn't come back. If it were

"Maybe you two would like not for Perk, Vic would be at the to be alone"Perk laughed. bottom of the Pacific Ocean. When

their ship was torpedoed, Vic's leg had been injured. Perk had kept

him afloat, towed him to a small island. He'd kept Vic alive for

80 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA eighteen days until a scouting plane "Honey, Perk didn't get the room. even go to Amy's. He's lying—

sighted them. I told him he was welcome to bunk She stopped. Lying—it was a blunt

"I must be a small person inside,"with us for another day or two."unpleasant word. Vic's eyes measshe thought with sudden shame, "What happened. Perk—the room ured her.

"small and narrow and suspicious, at Amy's, I mean?""This isn't exactly the reunion

to feel as I do about Vic's buddy. "I got there just five minutes after we'd planned,"he'd said that first

five minday. "I mean having a star boarderMaybe he has tried to get a job... it was taken. Yep—just

maybe he was robbed of his money."utes."right off the bat. But the kid has

"But you left at ten this morning. no place to stay. Mind if he bunks

J\s she heard Vic's key in Amy said she'd hold it until one!"with us for a day or two until he

the lock, she smiled a determined There was an edge to her voice that finds a room?"

smile. She'd try to be big about the she couldn't help. She saw a puzzled, She'd said, "Oh, not at all, darling.

whole thing. uneasy look in Vic's eyes. Perk's He's perfectly welcome!"

The door opened, and Vic and story sounded as fishy as all his other Vic had said, "I think you're perPerk came in. Vic was tall and dark stories! fect, Beth,"and the look in his eyes

and more handsome than ever in "Well, you see, I heard about a had placed her on a pedestal. Now

civvies. Perk was gangling, at the job, and I went after it, and by the it was taking her down.age where even his new suit and toptime I got back—"I've been through two years of

coat looked as if he'd outgrown "Takes awhile to get lined up!"campaigning with that kid, Beth.

them. As always he was bareheaded, Vic's hearty voice tried to bridge the I've never known him to lie."He

and there were snowflakes on his gulf, to let Perk know he was weldropped his arms, and it was as if stubborn, sunbleached hair. come. "Supper ready, honey?"she could not reach him.

Vic grinned, "Hi, Beautiful!""Just about."Perk put his suit- "Vic, darhng,"she whispered. She said, "Hello there. Handcase down and ambled after her into "Try and see my side of it—

some!"the kitchen and sniffed. "Can I do something to help you,

"Pies!"followed the aroma He in the Beth?"stood Perk doorway in his kissed her took arms and He three to the sink pies where tail. its were as as a eager wagging dogher, she watching Perk and saw cooling. "Apple?""I don't extra want any to make resentthem, of smoldering a lookment in his blue eyes. "Yes,"she said shortly. Apple work—

can mash the potatoes. Tension tightened her lips. What thepie wasgravyVic'svigorously.favorite. She stirred "You

right had he to feel resentment? To There's an apron over there on the

"Tastes just like Mom's apple pie. hook."think that once she'd laughed at

Plenty of cinnamon."She turned to Perk tied the apron around hisVic's amusing accounts of "Perk, a

there, see standing Perk softly. outfit his mouth middle and whistled has appointedkid in our She saw who

full, of pie in a slab his hand.

official Vic watching the affectionhimself him with... tags mascot my

me around like an overgrown puppy of an older brother for a younger dog... gives his age as eighteen, but JLoo BAD Perk's mom one.

my guess is that he hasn't seen hadn't seen fit to teach him some seventeen yet..."That had been manners. She walked hurriedly into Ihey ate by candlelight.

two years ago. She had no idea the living room. Perk hooked his big feet around the

then that he would follow Vic home. She didn't know Vic was there legs of the chair and dived in.

"Maybe you two would like to be until she felt his arms about her. "Gosh,"he said, "the table looks

alone,"Perk laughed. Longing to be really alone with him nice. Just the way Mom fixes our

Oh, yes, we would, she wanted to engulfed her. table when we have a party. Of

is larger becausecry. We never have, you know. You "Oh, Vic, do we have to have him course, our table

were with Vic when he got off the here!"

troop train. You tagged us to the Vic frowned and moved her over Beth held her fork tight as Perk

apartment. You've been with Vic to the window. "Sh... he'll hear rambled on, her nerves screaming.

every possible moment since! Sudyou, honey!"She wanted tO'scream. "Find anything promising in the

denly she wanted to kick him out. She wished they lived in a twelveway of a job?"Vic asked.

He was a grown man, old enough to room house. Then they could talk in "Nothing too good. Looks hkeknow better! Then she looked at his a normal voice. But this—there was the good jobs are all taken."

face and knew unwilling tenderness no privacy in two rooms and a kitchBut Vic found a job, Beth thought.

for the traces of boyishness that still enette! He took a job with an accounting

lingered in the roundness of his "But this was going to be our firm at a ridiculously low salary to cheeks, the vulnerability of his night alone!"gain experience. Some day he'll have

mouth. His hps brushed her cheek. "It's a business of his own. That's why

"You should buy a hat. Perk,"she a tough break, sweet. But what could he put his fivehundred-dollar mussaid shortly. "I can't abide bare- I do? The kid was waiting when I tering out pay in the bank—that

headed males."got off work. I couldn't let him sleep was the reason for the crowded litpark. his arm Vic put

or likeshoulder. Vic was acrossthat—bigPerk's indaythe two until-—It'll only be for another tle "Fellowapartment.was telling me that Bill

and goodnatured—and a soft touch "Another day or two,"she Sparks has opened a garage over on

for any "sponger"who came along. whispered wildly. "I'll bet he didn't ( Continued on page 117)

FEBRUARY 1947 81 IN THE HOLE ROCK

i5(A ytina j-nnce r\eaa

Would it? Would any of them know

comfort or security again? She

wanted to run ahead and hear from

Mary darted off up the road. Stanford's own lips what this call to

ftair, ripe color of the Her wheat, a new mission would mean. But she

bartner. like the rode wind a

was too tired, her body was too heavy. Mary was lithe and young.

She could hurry up the road to meet

Stanford and Kumen.

"Don't wait for me, Mary,"she said. "I know you are chafing at my

slow pace. But I feel too tired to

even keep on at all, I'll sit here on

SYNOPSIS Mary's mind was dark with misthe lava rocks and rest while you to meet Kumen,"run ahead givings. rebellion Unreasoning was the City the Cedar HT'o and men of women that black rock chose a flat, She her her clouding heart and to that be filling a news was new mission in like leather the sun, patent shone eyes, leaving that keenly her aware Indians southern the opened Utah among of

was variously received. Sage Treharne soon she would not be there to and sat down, pressing her hand

Jones knew that it would mean separation breathe the new spring air, damp against her side. The wind caught

as son, well her Jones, as from hair shining ringlets black Kumen of her the fragrant melting luU with from and snow his dream. Jones, Kumen's filmenf Mary of throbfrom her held them and away rabbit brush. she not would Soon it thai the leaving wife, would knew mean temples. bing alive see these greening meadows, home, nearing her com'which was of new

pleiion. But to Mary's mother, Elsie Nielwith meadow larks, full of high, Mary caught the motion of the

son, it meant the meeting of a new challenge, sweet blackbird songs. She would child and felt a cold unfriendly

that be could met one "somehow."her. that jealousy It added shamed in place, this not feel, bendany new

just 1879, year was years The twenty'two to that already taken the turmoil had cattails ing the of the marshabove since the Pioneers entered first Salt had Lake - her. of possession their lands, breaking the motion valley, they center which sent had from been

on missions to various parts of the West. rhythm of the wind. Her people had "Yes, yes, I'll run ahead,"she asbuilt this whole big valley into a setsented in confusion, and without one

tlement wrested from alkali and solicitous backward glance, she off as she darted up the road. And all they begin and sage. Must Chapter II wind

fists ran themselves knotted her over again a living from reto wrest sides. pale blue against her eyes Her soil? pellent, unwatered had They praying and and the fixed ahead. road on wereWEEPING Her live, just to only only had begun talk ceaseless the followed

hair, color the ripe of wheat, rode the their partially enemies, subdued own call of to the the news San like dress banner. a blew Her wind to they and were become new now interminable Mission.Juan The like her, pressing determined against for violence. targets hate and What ticked by, thehours bringing each back, to but only her she hold hands they, pioof handful could a mere thereturn of the conferfrom men faster. ran the against such accomplish odds? little nearer, of neers, confirmation aence

the horizon searched for any Shethe uprooting a little closer. tell 'T'here was a sudden flurry of dust sign of a dust screen that would

Mary Jones and Arabella Smith, her Kumen was coming. But there on the road ahead. "They're

on the day of the men's return, was none, and for a little while she coming!"she cried. But the dust was

walked out past the edge of town to was able to hold her thoughts to only a whirlwind that blew itself out, meet their husbands. Watching for quieter channels. spent with its own energy, just as

the first small dust that would anshe was spent from running and nounce their coming, they yet Arabella, walking silently at from the tempest of her thoughts.

dreaded its approach. Intent upon Mary's side, was claimed by a She stopped. "What a way to be

their thoughts, they had talked but fear that was greater than any she acting!"she exclaimed. "My huslittle, hoping without hope that there had ever known. Only yesterday band would be ashamed of me."

was some mistake and that their she had told Mary how glad she was Yet, standing there in the middle lives would go on as normally as that this time her baby would be born of the road, she could do nothing to before. in a house, instead of a wagon box. regain her composure. Frightened

82 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA by this feeling of hostility that was Though hard to you this journey may ap- "blossom as the rose,"safe for their beginning to cloud her friendship pear, children and grandchildren.

with Arabella, she began to cry. "It's Grace shall be as your day. Too well she knew the hardships

this new mission,"she sobbed. "I've of persecution. Her father would

never felt like this before! I love But the words were too poignant. hobble through life because his

Arabella, and yet I want to hurt her. The things about her were too perfeet had been frozen to nubs on

I want to hurt myself!"suasive, too dear to lose. There was the plains. Yes, she remembered!

She walked on again, feeling the security and peace here by the There would never be any rest, weight of her feet as if they were marshes. The sticky sweet odor of never any peace, it seemed. Sick

encased in chains. Why must her squawbush that crinkled her breath, and almost lifeless, her father had

people be sent away from their would never be so wonderful anypulled a handcart through rain and homes to pioneer again? How could where else. mud and snow—sometimes two feet she be her true self when she felt If she and Kumen went away, all deep—across the plains. His comlike this? She couldn't be the gentlethis would be changed. There would pany had dwindled one by one to be

woman that Sage Treharne wanted be no time to learn and no time to buried in shallow graves by the roadher to be, nor the kind of girl Aralove things. All she had grown to side. Two of their children, her

bella was, if she had to go away expect was being taken from her. mother's only child then, a son, and

where there would be nothing but Over and over her parents had told (Continued on page 120) work from sun to dark away out their children that their struggles nowhere among the savages and outhad been to make the wilderness Kumen sprang from bis horse and caught Mary laws. in his arms.

She held up her hands and looked—Illustrated by Fielding K. Smith

at them. They were red and calloused. She looked down at her feet.

They were encased in heavy, shapeless, leather shoes, cobbled by pioneer hands. Inside, she was young,

barely her twentytwo years, but outside, she was twice that age. Just

as inside those big coarse shoes, her feet were shapely; outside, they were

ugly and uncouth. Arabella was one

woman who hadn't been coarsened, outwardly, by her surroundings. She

worked as all the other women did, but it didn't seem to change her. The

thought brought with it a new flame of resentment to Mary.

"It isn't fair!"she cried. "How

can I help feeling the way I do? I

am losing too much!"

She stopped walking to listen to the sound of spring. She wanted to

savor every little, familiar thing the drowsy bird songs, the rustle of the long stems of cattails as the blackbirds settled to rest on them, swaying, rocking in the wind... the

cattle, in the meadows and along the foothills all lowing companionably to each other, the beat of her own responsive heart.

"Dear God,"she prayed. "Help

me to see my lot as my dear parents before me have done. Let me be as

strong as they, to do thy will. Do not

let me be afraid."

CuDDENLY, comforted by her prayer and by the quiet peace around her, she began to sing reverently her people's song of the plains:

Come, come, ye Saints, no toil nor labor fear.

But with joy wend your way. m

FEBRUARY 1947 83.

against the twolegged ones. I have

more fears of the twolegged ones than A TIME OF WANT I have of the fourlegged ones.

By "Plan to build a good storehouse,

WESTON N every man who has a farm, and never cease until you have accomplished it.

NORDGREN And do not forget to pay your tithing before you put the grain into the storehouse. Lay up enough for seven years,

at a calculation for from five to ten in each family; and then calculate that

there will be in your families from five / toone,tenbecausepersonsyouto whereare onyouthenowincrease.have

... Increase the amount every year in

proportion to your probable requirements...

PRESIDENT Brigham Young Cau- "Be wise, listen to counsel, and obey tioned Church members to "Save the voice of the head, and you will your hay; save your chaff; save prosper and never want for bread; but,

your straw; save your wheat; save your as the Lord liveth, you will feel it, if

oats; save your barley, and everything you do not continue in the line of duty.

that can be saved and preserved against... I consider that carefully storing our

a day of want."surplus grain against a time of need is

"The time will come,"he added, "that of the greatest importance to this peoin value hold will no comparisongold ple. "

of wheat.to a bushel

I grain; for raise to, and go "Now, Presto counselor Kimball, C. Heber give us the satisfied that feel Lord will members Church warnedident Young, times, of years three, good four or two, years. for seven wheat enough layto up the upright of will the enemies hold and grain our stored away have we"When I right. will bit, will the do if by we of "independent said, he safe,"arewe for, in time; in such that every have 'if are famine, in of case wethe world,

I will tell our that hold case, you God case, that in for, are, we Yes,not? we cannot any have they enemies, and in subsistence of the meanswill have to until permit a has mind power He befamines the hands.our When own will permit only them then them; and He shall very earth, be the wegin upon to manifest in Altime, His order for a

first."feel them toapt prequalify to and and power mighty

Orson Hyde, who, with Brigham price: not in dollars and cents, but pare them for a time to come. I mean

Young and Heber C. Kimball, was one kingdoms, countries, peoples, tribes just what I say.

the of Twelve original Council theof sold themhave tongues. 'They and I I will said, that have know we "As Joseph Prophet the chosen byApostles refor be must naught, and selves I things have spoken of which those see counsel: the repeatedSmith, It will take money!'without deemed this beas never famines world crisis—such approaching the of "In view them. to Raise wheat redeem wheat see held. got those to Yes, have we writabout, preached been haswhich it will it securely, lay and up and if will scenes; keep our and but vows we... us of by prophesied and upon,ten eloquently, 'gathering'the more preach off will hold the covenants, them Lord of Utah, people the call I upon would all than extensively successfully, and if until ourselves; prepare can and we Gentile, sinner, and and Saint Jewboth out that send can missionaries the we told, are will as up do you and you wake vain their quit red, to andwhite man the nations, with the to through sweep will escape! you speculation, traffic and unprofitableand of the judgments of proclamation God in setwill "I every every advise man raise to their might with to goand in land! the abroad if storehouse; to build a tlement and stock. corn, andwheat,

... misthat shall our "I ask home let alone, or three cannot so one two do all you grain, all sow and your "Save increased, diminished, but sions not be them. Store build and up between one of deposits snow can. Richpossibly all if raising set to wheat, possible; and grain, will then preserve you your and mountains, in the being madeare now city of a house and Zion and make if should safe. famine the But come be beprayers, which to youraccording the for sons Saints for the and refuge in condition, present us our what upon bless to fruitful year. Ask Godtoken a that they strangers, of and come may If as not do? could do do we we we that seed you every labors, andyour the as old walls, even build our up thing, in this displeasure the told of are storehouses earth. Prepare... in the insow spoken. Trust hath prophet God! will us, will the and be Lord upon He

it saved. Remember be can in which if good, plenty be and your works And is bless to as us continue not now He himself, old in man Egypt! The faith willJoseph quesnot them, be of your

... doing. for to him, to go all the had boys and tioned."*

he had corn in time of famine.... "There are a great many things that

of, take as care well save and can we securin is salvation and remarks more a few **T WILL make "There now oats. barley, as wheat, can and We we political all the in storehouses,"than building relation ity in wheat, to currants, squashes, pumpkins, dry can

also more and world, the declared. of "Every Kimball President schemes etc., apples, peaches, save them; and

all contending the in it than in storehouse needs a has farm a power who like peas, beans, also save and can we and Raise wheat nations. will lime, the that rock of of and armies made man—one for articles, years. seven keep and them

lay it up in store till it will bring a good guard your grain against the mice, rats, And if you will take the right care of

Journals of Discourses XII:241 and all other fourlegged vermin; also your wheat, you can save it just as long

1:250 'ibid..

ibid., V:20 ibid.. 11:205-6 {Concluded on page 102)

84 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

It cannot be for naught that the

Bible to say about man's has so much is right speech. Perhaps when James ZiLe BIBLE aJ SPEECH

he says: By CALVIN T. RYAN If any man offend not in word, the same

no one point of conduct is is a perfect man. (James 3:2.)

the Bible more explicit than So difficult is it for us tO'bridle ourON on that of speech. Wisdom tongues. Just now we hear ourselves,

the but sword is filledliterature with advice and the notice where others not so many as have perished and we read tongue. their own the by gives us Genesiswith warning. swearing. of prevalence increased

origin of different languages in the The author of this fine collection We know from our own experience building of the Tower of Babel. The of sayings must have known gossips. that many conversations are not

Ten Commandments warn us He writes; only trite and worthless but are also

against taking the name of the Lord Hast thou heard a word against thy proof of our shallowness of feefing.

in vain. Paul again and again refers neighbor? let it die within thee, trusting that We are guilty of the "idle word."

to the need for guarding one's it will not burst thee. Sir Isaac Newton, we are told, never

of Epistle despeech. James in The conversaused "God"the word so all gossip the seen have We

to third the chapter mostlyvotes or had on if he tion a pause, without that she seems the filled her "news"with taming of the tongue and a "good about to burst. She just must tell it his hat, he would hft it. That reverconversation."to all within "bombing distance."ence is seldom found in any conJesus is outspoken: Only, Sirach expresses it more vividversation of our day.

But I say unto you, That every idle word ly when he writes, "At the hearing Ves, there must be some reason for shall give travail, shall is account a in speak, as that they fool the men of a word man's upon emphasis Bible's the in the judgment. of thereof (Matthew day bringing in the groaning woman that tells the Ephesians Paul speech.

forth a child."from to keep merely not are being ye, of vipers, they generation can how 12:36.)O advice on give could he Likewise the for things? of evil, out speak covetgood uncleanness, and fornication,

abundance of the heart the mouth speaketh. speaking which is still taught in our ousness; they are not to mention

[ibid., verse 34.) schools, if not practised in our legisthem in their conversation. And

A man's words become an index to lative halls. note, Paul places obscenity and

his inner hfe. Speak, young man, if you are obliged to, "foolish talking"along with the

repeatedly. if asked only you are And the of one things other as no part tongue,"are all of "one men When in few words; concisely; say much Speak kingin the "inheritance another can one understand and they who hath than he more a knows who man Act like

labor well together, but when there says. dom of Christ and of God."

is a confusion of tongues, there is 'Photograph by H. Armstrong Roberts

misunderstanding. Unhappily, generally the first words immigrants

learn to speak are blasphemous.

Children in a home where adults swear soon pick up the words. However innocently such words are used,

they are warned against by the commandment, and again by Jesus.

Ecclesiasticus has more to say about the effect of improper speech, swearing, gossiping, and filthy conversaj:ion than any other wisdom

book. (Ecclesiasticus is found in

The Apocrypha.

It is through his lips that the sinner is caught,

And the abusive and the proud are tripped by them.

Do not accustom your mouth to an oath,

And do not form the habit of uttering the name of the Holy One;

For just as a servant who is constantly being questioned Does not lack the marks of a blow,

So the man who constantly swears and utters the Name Cannot be absolved from sin.

The flute and the lute make sweet melody,

But a pleasant tongue is better than both of them.

The stroke of a whip maketh a blue mark:

but the stroke of the tongue will break the bones. Many have fallen by the edge of

FBRUARY 1947 85 ouewievitVL CHURCH WELFARE

Eu oU WoO,inie

ou should visit Welfare nishes a splendid opportunity for makes one feel that some of the mod-;Square and see for yourself. such service. ern inventions of man are being put V-L It is more than just a bishops'I like the welfare plan because it to a peaceful and worthy use. Here

storehouse,"my neighbor told me, can do a better job of helping the less unselfishness prevails, human kind- "It is doing a great deal to unite our fortunate than any of us can as inness is being practised, and the people; it is, helping our missionary dividuals. Individual aid is usually throbbing of machines is not just

work; it is increasing our faith; it more or less haphazard and often noise. As one listens to the hum of

will make us less selfish; it is putting unsatisfactory, but with our welmotors, to the rattle of cans, to the

the gospel into practice!"fare setup it is different. Here is a rumble of trucks over the floors, and

big organization, equipped with to the bustle of happy workers, one

I assured my neighbor that I would modern machinery, and having a cannot help imagining that he hears spendSquare—notat leastasonea visitor,day at butWelfareas a wholecourse,armyit canofdowillingthe jobworkers.a thousandOf as"Lovean yeundertone,one another,"a voiceandsaying:"Feed

worker. This I did, and that is one times more efficiently than any inmy sheep."

I I'll forget! never dreamed neverday dividual. the towering look upon We may the existed. All a placethat such

as a tall When I look up at the towering elevator Square of Welfare handiincluding a fewworkers, capped persons, were assigned to elevators, and explore the warebeacon of hope to all distressed peohouses, storage pits, the cannery, the ples. It stands like a sentinel in atasks suited to their individual cacreamery, and other manufacturing

pacities. The directors instructed us facilities found on Welfare Square, desert to welcome the weary traveler

that set itsto our speed standards, own bounteous to drink from eat and vast with the power impressed I am for honors competing not werewe lost all table. have those who To institution for this doing that has

but instead were expected to do our good, for here in these buildings is their earthly possessions, and to best according to our strength. concentrated and cooperative powthose who can work no more. WelFrom that moment, the work proer. Here are vast stacks of canned fare Square is like a blessing fromceeded calmly, steadily, without any

foods, fresh fruits, fresh vegetables, heaven!

fuss, without grumbling, without groceries of every kind, hundreds of profanity, and with everyone helpthat our Heavenly Fabushels of potatoes, and thousands We know ful, behappy. Never cheerful, and this great is backing program, small of of one ther bushels grain. How suchfore a spirit among had I seen part to our support and that if we do feels abunpresence of such in the

a group of workers. The whole atdance! it, that it will become in time a marmosphere seemed to be charged with velous work and a wonder, and a

the sincerity and devotion of these Tt is awe inspiring to see how big very important part of the kingdom were working boys. Theymen and this welfare plant of ours is. It of God on earth. fear, without compulsion,without

without expecting any material reward, yet they were giving freely of CHURCH WELfARE SQUARE, SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH their time and were enjoying it.

Never before had I seen a better illustration of our Savior's words, "It is more blessed to give than to receive."

'T'HAq:'NIGHT I went home a tired

but a more happy and thoughtful man, and here are some of my thoughts:

I think the welfare program in the

Church exemplifies the spirit of the -Photograph gospel of Jesus Christ in an active Lloydby ].

and dynamic way. It is faith and reByars

ligion put into action. The very essence of Christ's teachings was service to others—the helping of people

in distress. The welfare plan fur86 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

th intern d cmauni TEACHERS often ask such ques- N THE CLASSROOM tions as the following: How

can I arouse enough response to the lesson to get my students to take i5i4 JJir. il/l. c=Lunn iSennlon

a serious interest in it? How can I SUPERINTENDENT, SALT LAKE CITY PUBLIC SCHOOLS

promote a fruitful discussion in the class? How can I capitalize on the

deep and restless craving for action factory explanation of the meaning learning to think. Teachers may enon the part of youth? How may their of life and the universe—and much hance the process by pointing out intireless energy become a golden opelse. formation that is needed and where

portunity instead of the despair of Let the students do their own it may be found.

distracted teachers? How can youththinking and discover the truth for Is the teacher justified in leaving

ful exuberance be put to work and themselves. The teacher can plant the lesson outHned to carry the dismade a part of the lesson? the seed and do a little watering, cussion into modern everyday probOne excellent way is to ask the but the plants themselves must do lems? Should the teacher forsake

class a good question. Start with a the growing and the blossoming. historical material and talk about life

concrete and practical problem, not The teacher must be unprejudiced interests? That is not necessary. Rean abstract principle. Don't ask, "Is and impartial, showing sympathy late the common elements in the two.

it right to cheat?"Such a question is and respect for all opinions exOne teacher found his boys very inso obvious that everyone knows the pressed. Frank and honest expresdifferent to his reading of the story

answer. There must be a difference sion is thereby encouraged. of David and Jonathan. Their atdiscussionof before can opinion a titude asked, he changed when teacher clear encourage must npHE life. that to your "Supposecome like to you would have Jona- "How thinking talk just not and or is close playingfootball a team football than your on team?"They trivial chatter. students should The teacher. the suggestsgame,""The briefly the question dedebated and to learn at sides look of both a quescheat, the starts toother and team "Bible cided he too of a was much tion, developing tolerance toward it. it lets get withreferee away sissy."fellow type of what "Just If ideas. the learn students can new about your team do shouldWhat like the team?"on asked would you to facts for look the reach and conIt's ait?"to such impossible answer teacher. the couras quahties Such facts, clusions based they on are "no."or "yes"simple aquestion with disposition, age, agreeable being a

There will likely be several different good athlete were listed. Then the

answers and eventually the whole teacher invited the boys to examine question of fair play and good Jonathan critically to see if he meassportsmanship must be considered, ured up. He did. This teacher linked

as well as the greater problem of history with everyday life and helped being square and honest in a society boys to appreciate desirable human where dishonesty sometimes seems qualities through contact with one of to pay. the noble Bible characters.

Try always to start with a conGood discussion secures eager increte and practical problem, not an terest and close attention. Thinking

abstract principle. Which of the is doing, just as surely as running or

following two problems would be jumping is doing. Learning comes

more likely to create interest? "Is it through doing. Doing, however,

ever right to steal?"or the question, should not be limited to thought

"If a man is out of work and his chilprocesses. The discussion method

dren are hungry, should he steal frequently discovers and inaugurates rather than watch them starve?"projects. An earnest and intelligent

A live and thoughtful discussion effort to solve a problem is itself a requires a genuine problem close to good project. Stated in simple

the experience of the students, one words, a good project is an effort to where there is a difference of opinion put religion to work. "When a sound

and difficulty of decision. What conclusion is arrived at through clear

problems are close to the experience thinking, it is quite natural to ask, of youth? The wideawake teacher 'What can we do about it?'

will discover hundreds of them.

They want to get along successfully A FEW years ago, some of the Latwith people, act properly in differter-day Saint institute classes ent situations, select and win a good near the University of Utah visited marriage partner, arrive at a satisillustration by Fielding K. Smith ( Concluded on page 111)

FEBRUARY 1947 87 I"YOU ARE YOU! Kviocky and Jjt Ska 'e \ypenedn. T O /4ack JeafS

MISSIONARY PERSEVERANCE created you, he made God difEerent absolutely By MATHOL D. HALE WHENyou from

film, gospel. the continued, This we living is other any being—there

film these a presented which what was just like not exactly a soul the on you I to transferred the was built early in Pioneers the up Mormon earth.WHEN the case, being are That a you Ontario, city in of the London, midst the the of wilderness of and some

in I personality yourself. of inand Mission, Canadian was Then sights interesting includof most Utah

inthe that people veryformed were ing Flats, Salt Bonneville the Zion and different to our message and were also the canyons; Forest Kaibab

all. in at theinterested Church

all in picArizona, Wenot Bryceand Grand Canyon started thinking neceswould be what tures in technicolor.

sary to interest the people in the gospel.

All people are interested in pictures He asked, "Can you show that here morning?"told him that we We travelogs. the this presentedand had We

us, projector did with not have thefilm the of Mountains""In the Tops to many of our friends, and they all but we could show it the following commented on how good it was. morning. The next morning we preit sented to the seventh eighth and to principal of see a the We went

that school. grades of these schools At told misschool. that were him we We

all four elders of the went, each and religion thatsionaries, said he and no children the so that introduced was in school. the allowed prayedwas We

the four tell their parents about would that toearnestly be able show would we this slide to the pupils and in this way Mormon missionaries who presented be able to contact the children who some lovely pictures of Utah at school.

would go home and give a favorable The following day we had an apimpression to their parents. pointment at another school where we

Our prayers were answered a few presented the pictures to approximately of course you are never going to ape days later when we were called on the two hundred students of the fifth, sixth, anybody. You are going to be yourself

seventh, eighth if grades. the and told get thattelephone could and When we to going are do; in everything you you finished, travelog received an wasthe permission the from we Board of EdudifEerent person a original. Being be enormous in a applause very andcation, good the pictures could show we

sure, are, all others, I am you from the principal of the in school by word school.the afternoon next The we

made an appointment with the superour behalf. The children then marched going to look at things differently,intendent of the public schools of Lonback to their classes, all but one teacher through a pair of personal eyes—indon. We took the script down and and a boy, who came up to me. The dividual eyes. You are going to speak

also the film and let him look it over. teacher introduced this child as one of with an individual voice, and you are

He said it would be applicable to the our Mormon boys and informed me going to say things in an original way that hadn't he find to able been where of sinceseventh grade schools the they while. will be worth You which were in things our meetings here States, we studying the United aboutwere the herd with going to compete are not London. asked him where he was script that the alsoand he added holdingWe begossips assassins and of character from. that replied he from He was all right give as it to be andwould was

cautioned us not to add any "Mormon Arizona. cause you have no time for such things.

propaganda"to it and gave the prinThe Lord does bless us with guidance Besides, your mind works on things of cipal orders to stop the pictures if we if we but heed his counsel and obey a higher nature, things worth while that did any such thing. We assured him the promptings of the Holy Ghost. build up rather than tear down. You

there propabe no would "Mormon kill because time, a to going are not this Finding his member family and that careganda"be and very would we thoughts radiate big thing not does three of dead children inspired us to go allful religion to confine exclude and ideals. to going 'forward not are ever all high to working the and You do

it finalone. history to After had we that could. good to The we Homeschool time people's because other waste films, fiveished presenting the had we

it Organization possible for us made selfish. is are gosteal one's time Youor ten for children the minutes ask to

film to their at the show meeting finally to ing able frankly to and be that questionsany might have up come that so not only to able were contact we it is as, well say, as "Yes"when films. the the presenting of "No"during The children the also the but parents. Also

I sure, usteacher are, pos- a wonderful necessary. gave commenam You of the many businessmen were wantdation the children to said she when are gocharm, which with sessed a you ing for programs certain meetings.that for us donating she our thanked continually ing as to develop you of met these some businessWe picbeautiful bringingtime these by clear thinkyourself develop by would at volleyball class our men which wetures of presenting to and Utah them selfanalysis. practice, ing, held and by every by Thursday with them. childrenthe free cost. of

Through these contacts we made arand made an appointment We saw rangements to show the films at some the superintendent pictures to ask if the of their meetings.

could be shown in other schools. He

This step in forward is a greatsaid that the said principal the had this vriaktaham Lyouna Jald: it town towards making possible to prethat veryfilms were good and we had

sent our in gospelhis with something compermission to in the them show DO NOT wish men to understand I pictures mon. These give the peopleother schools as long conformed I as we

to the above ruling. Our prayers had some knowledge of Utah and what the had anything to do with our being

been truly answered, in that we were Mormons have accomplished in going moved here, that was the providence now able to show the films to any of to this wilderness and building hundreds of the Almighty; it was the power of

the nineteen grade schools of the city. of communities "In the tops of the God that wrought out salvation for

slides mountains."to these another day The next went With we we I decould have"this people; neverschool. the helped missionary explained the barrier to break bedown We

plan. o[ Disvised Journal such asystem for out rest and the the and come how of two tween Mormonism we

years and support ourselves to spread world. courses, iv:41.

88 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA crept into the circle of his good right aiUFet 6 arm, and there we waited breathless-n CHORUS ly for—what?

Suddenly from the misty stillness i5u iice [/[/kitdon If {orton of a marshy pool in the meadow came the voice of the redwing blackbird.

... o-glee!""O—gl—ee

From a dewkissed clover field a

SOMEWHERE in the space of evinto insignificance compared to the meadow lark lifted a song. The voice

of upfollowed. a field sparrow An be—thereery passingmustday,be—therethere shouldis chorus that precedes the dawn. eerie plover land in with his came

a moment that stands out as one for "THE first time I heard the chorus whistle. Then suddenly I realized

rejuvenation of the soul, uphfting of that precedes the daybreak and these were not solitary voices but the mind, and sweetening of the spirrecognized it as something vastly groups of voices rising and falling it. different from all the other bird in matchless unity to the magic baton

To some it comes with the glorious choruses I had ever heard, was on a of a matchless director.

of fulness some the midday glorious sun. To morning I had autumn when hear the first notes. Fa- "Did we

it the the sun stains comes when west risen to of three the stroke on

I softly. go ther?"asked

with all the colors of the rainbow and fishing with my father. "No,"he answered. "The first

turns drifting clouds into magic ships Because we both loved to walk tonotes probably sounded miles to the and fantastic figures. Some find gether, and maybe because the path east, miles beyond our earshot. But

peace and quietude for their souls in leading from our house to the river we received the full significance of thatthe silver mist with dusk comes the distant miles ran beneath two its is settling for nature tallest vicinity, downwhen trees in the up the ofit asthatit rolledchorusoverwillus,liveandforeverthe echoin nightly rest and the woods are highest hill, and out across a broad, our hearts."

sweet with bird lullabies. fertile plateau close to the skies be- I knew he had spoken truthfully.

carries a of these hours Each fore it to the river dipped down ever having heard the dawn No one, spiritbeauty, of peace,weight and again, walked. always we it. will chorus, forget everual helpfulness—but to me, the At the old rail fence atop the hill The suddenness of its beginning,

matchless hour of the full twentywhere I had often listened to the the powerful force of it in the middle, four is that unspeakable, unexplainvoices of the night, my father halted. and the sudden ending leaves one

able period that comes with ap- "Listen, my child,"he said softly. breathless in the great silence that

proaching daybreak when nature's "The wihged symphony is formfollows.

celestial chorus fills the air. ing."

When I was a small child, it was That expression from my father The only strain of music I've ever my good fortune to live in a home brought us closer together than all heard that might be classed even as is thewhere early rising was necessary. the years of our living together be- a faint echo of the dawn carol

The morning choruses loosed by fore had done. Somehow it had evening serenade often performed

in or reason, without rhyme, word the higher of singersthe invisible to that father never occurred me my the states extreme southern where in earlystrata a awakened madme celestial this acquainted with was still pickers cotton gather the Negro intimatedesire todening them know just that choir the break before came their after the small cabins aroundly. in hours meant do this To the of not I had forgotten—nay, is finished long in the fields day and close after the of or bedaywoods even he had been day.remembered—that singing. begin

I latter. thefore chose dawn. the before a through moving dawn

Getting out of bed along with the cycle of years, and that his business One voice starts a melody in high family at three o'clock in the morntook him into the dense forests in the soprano; others pick it up in alto,

ing, I formed the habit of going to valley and on the high hills about our bass, and tenor, with strange, weird the spring for fresh water for breakcabin home. notes, high and fine, mournful as

fast. Growing up, surrounded by I suddenly understood many the gray dove, sweet as the upland

tall timber and high hills, I had no things about my father that had plover. Like the dawn chorus, the

symphony of Negro voices will rise,fear of the darkness—I loved it. Durpuzzled me heretofore. Eagerly I

ing the darkest hours of the night I swell, and sink into oblivion, leaving learned the difference between the the listener pondering in his soul at call of an owl, blue h'eron, wild SALT LAKE CITY the beauty of the wordless song.

ducks, and moving caravans of wild geese. These birds, I discovered, By Hope Horsfall "\\7'hatever your favorite hour of

sent out their plaintive calls from SIMPLE elegance the day may be, hold to it with sunset to sunrise, some seeking food, Nobly planned—verdant a reverence. But for an unexplainnestled Snuglysome companionship, some merely in the shadow able, soulstirring thrill, make it your skyscrapers. God's Of

idling away some wakeful hour. business to climb to the top of a high

A mockingbird singing from the Simple folk hill some summer morning before topmost bough of a tall hackberry in Whose ancestors planted seeds day breaks, watch the rosy fingers Of civilization the light of a full moon is like a In a barren valley. of dawn fling back the curtains of the

stringed orchestra playing a symmorning along the eastern border, formphony, instrument by instrument. Together city and listen to nature's ethereal chorus An enchanted

And yet these heavenly voices pale By a salty sea. pass by.

FEBRUARY 1947 89 MTHIEDDKRRC "WIST YE NOT THAT I MUST BE SWEET LOVE REMEMBERED an eminent poet in his own right, has done

ABOUT MY FATHER'S BUSINESS?"(Helen Cortez Stafford. Deseret Book an heroic piece of work in analyzing the

(J. Reuben Clark, Jr. Privately printed. Company, Salt Lake City. characteristics that have made these poems

87 pages.) 452 pages. $2.75.) measure up during the passing of the ages.

this critical of essays read Those book who historical true persons and events "Oeal is central the figure of Christ THE JESUS stirred will to the reread undoubtedly be * this the of novel. pages crowd Mary salvation. the of plan Everything said original well as awareness poetry with new heroine, the Phelps, shares with her Ann is interest of to the about of him members critical sense. as Doren's Mr. a Van new people, her early childhood, from the exhis interest of Church, said double and when will of analysis shake imdoubtedly many of periences the beginning the Church, with with the scholarship of the world the and their his acceptance readers complacent from life persecutions, Missouri continuing with faith this from of heaven. theme book, The it will writers, certainly these great but of in trek plain, the across the and on Nauvoo reprinted articles recent series from in of a refuse think accept to and any them make in pioneering and ending with Salt Lake is the visit Society Relief the of Magazine, of the person's estimate or poetry books one valley, Bernardino, valSan Bear and Lake the twelveyear-old to the Jesus at temple read. that they M.C.J. may It ley. is welltold, a sympathetic panorama all for uttered Jerusalem, he where time and

of the eventful in years history "Mormon"all the immortal the words form which men nineties last to the from of the 1838 century. title this writing. of author great with The CHINA OF DEVELOPMENT THE fidelity is faith of to her The Ann Mary skill visit the has real to live us made who Mifflin Latourette. S. (Kenneth Houghton the real of the faith her theme book. she For it far in time. from family jouraway The 1946. pages. Boston. Co., $3.00.) 344 gives her lover, up yoimg non-"Mormon"to to neyed the attend Jerusalem passover

* the plural of wife and Charles becomes C. edition of revised worthwhile, *His a seven inday feast—a celebration—which toil Rich. -'I pioneering rears her Amidst she history authentic deserves of China wide rituals cluded sacrifices temple from many

children, family of sturdy a to devoted her distribution are those genuinely among feast to the who of bread. unleavened hapThe

to the and strongwilled Church. One, and interested in authentic obtaining underan this feast, during penings in which Jesus

fails to independent, faith catch her mother's the of standing auKingdom. Flowery part, took are described An comprehensively,

marries of a her and type. man own thority problems. Eastern Chinese and on in simple though language, with backed a story informative, easy, The makes and is Professor at Latourette instructor an Yale authority, of wealth sacred profane. and

It interesting reading. careful, represents University. story told here as the The passover makes

historical It research. gives also another with bibliography Complete index, and celebration other practices and Bible more

the glimpse of of one remarkable men who the includes the following divisions: book attractive clearer and of understanding.

tore prosperity the unwilling desert from Geographic of Background History, Chinese references, fiftytwo The hundred of two

C. C. A. Rich.—J. W. Origin and Centuries, Formative the From them, illustrations, the real gift and are a

to the First with EngHan Dynasty to Bible students. War such need more We

land, Chinese at Culture the of Beginning studies of scriptures! the sacred J. A. W. CHRISTIAN(Alexander Miller.FAITHAssociationAND MYPress,JOB. Intimate the Contact with West, China

New York. 60 pages. $1.00.) to the War with Japan (18341894), The..

'T'his, the second pubhcation'of Haddam Transformation of China, Presentday ProbUTAH, THE STORY OF HER PEOPLE *- House, maintains well the standard set lems of China.

In addition the to information the which the first, by This Beyond Darkness. The (Milton Hunter, R. Ph.D. A Centennial author in has so well hand, is the treatment is this of objective to encourage book young History of Utah. Deseret Press. News

interesting the style and appealing. this in people, selfish confused M.C.J. often and pages. 431 $2.75.)

world, to apply the teachings of Christ in

Just such a history was needed in this every job undertaken. No matter what we

centennial year. It furnishes "a sweep of do in the Church or out, on Sunday or weekGLASS HOUSE OF PREJUDICE

first history the arrival the of from Utah (Dorothy task our a part of our make days, we should William W. Baruch. Morrow &

region to white in 1540 men in this up life. is Co., the Christian thesis This presented pages. 1946. 205 $2.50.) New York.

1947."full is interyear of "sweep"The briefly interestingly. but A. W. J. her practice JITTaintaining consultas own

figures facts esting only not and which *"* ing in psychologist Hills, Beverly in furnish the reading enjoyment but which THE NOBLE VOICE California, Dr. Baruch has had exwide will referred also after to year. year be Doren. (Mark Holt Henry Van & Co., field in perience the in writes. which she will oldtimer discover things anMany new 1946. York. 328 pages. $3.00.) New of her previous books. One You. Your this in in to written book. the him Simply with the ten heroic great TEALING poems Children the and awarded was ParWar it is style, clear author's pleasing and com- - Iliad the to from author. the Juan, Don ents'for gold the Magazine medal outstandits in historical prehensive treatment of

ing of the for parents. book year of Many It is events. also accurate. dependably The her articles in have appeared Mental well might your Utah""know movement Hygiene, Journal Consulting Psychology, of thisbegin with fortysix volume. The Childhood Education, Nation, Parents'Thechapters are nearly accompanied seventy by other periodicals. Magazine, and illustrations,wellselected in color. several

into four Divided sections: Effects ofDr. Creer's is L. introduction H. summary Prejudice, Prejudice, of for Causes Cures

is read. to excellentgood an houseHere Prejudice, References and and Supplemenhold of history state the of Utah. A. J. W. tary is this Materials, that everyone book

one will do well to read and consider.

M. C. J.

A STUDY OF THE GOSPEL OF SAVIOR OUR THUNDER CHINA OF OUT (Alonzo Laker Cook. Published by the (Theodore and H. Analee White Jacoby.Author, Tremonton, Utah.

Associates, Sloane William New York. pages.432 1946.)

1946. pages. 331 $3.00.)

T atterdaywitness of Saintsthe truth,are eachimpelledaccordingto bearto **A dramatichappeningsbook,in thisthe actualhistoryrecordingof Chinaof his gifts. In this volume of twentyseven makes exciting reading. The authors have

chapters, a variety of themes, some of the the knowledge of the subject with which keenest presentday interest, are developed they are dealing and have, moreover, the from sound gospel doctrine. Thoughtful ability to write well about that which they

consideration of the revealed word of God know. There is something very satisfactory

with many wise comments, characterize the in having a ringside seat at this history in book. It is really a devoted man's view of the making, for we learn to know the cause

the plan of salvation as applied to human and effect and in a measure become analysts life.—;. A. W.—Photograph by H. Armstrong Roberts in our own right. M.C.J.

90 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA DETRlM ETCHING MEMORIES; MY LAND

By Kathrine H. Williams By Edna S. Dustin By Carrie Hunter

train is like later fast scriptural years, as narratives a mind moving is fields in of the soundIN wheat OUR R 7[usic its show, tracks the Nosing where way blowing, are laid. at dwelt colossalJohn form Ephesus—a roof; sleet the of heels crystal upon The its theIn rails striving travel branches those church. the Etched on when may afterWe leaves rustling of green the Within com bare, are glow growing, we'll of the wild fragrance light scent Patmos, plum could the blackest ButOf John hoof. riding with pounding thunder And by air. in the storm

like evil! pictures are passing rapt,Of with and Wordless thoughts the grasses is that the in bends wind Music its snatch windowpane, through above MemoriesWe children the hillroad the where on Low strife, at the in the wild side of bloom Like plum oftenThe alone, sat he apart.

run; if road the that great his of love. byAs sea Master's that step small each In flashing wings, and nostalgic still with heart our wrenchesIts cool That his waves against heart. awash passes pain.

sun. to night mornings the of path Along problem fear aThe have been dread or may

Of some new humiliation sent to bind

Or some high crescendo of sin that bowed a CURIOUS Beauty is in the fields and sparkling water head By Maucine Jacobs Whichbreast.scintillate like jewels on yourTo John they turned with one accord and

is earth's of hoards land with warm Rich my the mind, study in my laughter.Like flower a folded to I opening the stm, SATAlone—apart hill's green the skies blue thick above AndUnclasped this beneath warmth they closed doors between sought The me

crest. above the shrilling noise outside. And

All else: "Let there be love..."would I wondered how God felt

counsel John, Withdrawn—removed

the Master's "It was command... let there his high heaven Up in

..."love. be restless With man below. DREAMS

WHAT IS FAITH PIONEER FENCES REMAIN By Arthur W. Peach

By Zelda Davis Howard By Helen Mating pORGETL "Dreamsthem,"havesaidtheirSorrow;day."

children in for their bounds quickly, added DespairTDaith Ty''EEPiNGt playing.the ""Toss them away."*

fathe pioneer A quietingis the oppositeoptimism.of fear, Weathered, and hewn by

An exquisite strain of harmony, ther,

With strengthening watchwords Fences of cedar are mossed in decaying. But Wisdom said gently,

Heard only by the inner ear. Keeping their cattle was always a bother. "Hold fast to dreams,

For joy is found often Faith is not known to bar or bind, Rail laid on rail, met the fence posts in bias. In what only seems.

'Tis a constant contentedness, Balanced to place them with strength they spirit buoyant calm serene andA giving; were forward looking Faith "And mellowing ecstasyWith things that the spirit, and There would was last a dream make May isFaith the of June'moming the mind! try us

it true, life Till makes living. enduring, as Hardy, rugged and all past. is doubt And

THEY ALSO SERVE Earthbackgrowstinder;the trees, and the wood gives "To live without dreaming

By Norma Wrathall Afterrougherthose years when the going was MakeIs livingdreamsin invain:life's miisic

dust or the massacre's Cabins are cinder A happy refrain!"often of old wears a dressChe are tougher. Fences design, Darkens in memory.**-'clean, Faded and nondescript. of color

Around her head, a scarf once bright may twine; Her shoes are wide and loose, her tread is THE LESSON OF LOSS slow, Because, for many years, she's walked and By Vivian Orden Reeves stood Long meager, toiling hours, doing good. **J COULD NOT live,"I said, "if you were

1 gone. she'll fair Sunday, weatherEach or bleak,

sunset, darkness, the face, dawn. alone, To go

free set the spirit heart break and Would my bread, the cups, the the shiningTo take far eternity."in seek some you To trays

Into the waiting church, with care bestow

Them on a clean, whitecovered table, place So once I said. How was I then to know

The chairs, the padded step, where men will That hungry days and years can come kneel and go?

To make of common food, a blessed meal. That hearts can break yet beat in spite of

pain?

Soon, in the quiet church, men's words of And spirits sick, rebellious, still remain?

praise And songs of eloquence will fill the air "I could not live."So many speak the

So she would speak, but knows no words to phrase, tell And yet, to each, come empty, aching

Her soul's desire, through years of constant days.

care But sorrow serves to make the whole world

O, God, bless also those who daily wait kin.

In humble service, inarticulate. Photograph by Willard Luce And broken hearts let understanding in.

FEBRUARY 1947 91 TLTeard from the "Crossroads of the West"with the Salt * Lake Tabernacle Choir and Organ over a nationwide radio

SySTEM BROADCASTING COLUMBIA THE through KSL AND By RICHARD L EVANS NETWORK a.m. 10:30 a.m. Central Time, Eastern at 11:30 every Sunday

Time, 9:30 a. m. Mountain Time, and 8:30 a. m. Pacific Time.

CLncroachment bu i-fecedent [eace 6 a l-erdonai j-robuefn

HThere is a principle of common law to the effect that HThis is the second such season that we have enjoyed a privilege, freely and unrestrainedly continued, since war formally ceased. And the measure of

may come to be looked upon as a right. For example, peace that has since been ours, and the progress that

if we permit a man to walk over our property once, we has been made toward prolonging peace, we count have granted him a privilege. But if we permit him to among our highest blessings. It would be pleasant to

walk over it as often as he wishes, as long as he chooses, record that all differences had died, but this cannot, in without warning of trespass, we may, in time and under truth, be done. And although it may seem to be an

—ansome circumstances,easement, as ithaveis legallygrantedreferredhim a perpetualto. And rightthus, oversimplificationlem. It is a personalto sayproblem,so, peacebecauseis a personalkeeping peaceprobby neglect or indifference, we may have lost the ability among famihes and friends and neighbors is a necesto control what is ours. Rights are frequently acquired sary prelude to keeping peace among strangers. Would

and perpetuated by making persistent use of them, and it not be unreasonable for us to expect statesmen to frequently lost or forfeited by failure to use them. Often keep peace in far places if we were unable or unwilling

we take them for granted. We sometimes delegate to do it in our own homes, or in our own towns, or in

them to others. We elect a public officer and assume our own back yards, so to speak. Would it not be unthat he will not exceed his powers and prerogatives; reasonable to expect them to keep peace among peoples

or we appoint a private agent and assume that he will of different outlook and background and history, if we serve our interests—and then we go our way and ask, were unwilling or unable to keep peace among people

in effect, not to be bothered. But all the history that whom we have known and lived with all our lives?

men have recorded, and all the human nature that men Would it not be unfair for us to expect anyone to keep have encountered have served notice on us that those peace for us among strangers if we were not able and to whom we delegate powers and privileges tend to willing to keep peace between neighbor and neighbor, exceed their assignments. And when someone has exbetween employee and employer, between brother and

ceeded his assignment once, without check or restraint, brother? The principal problems of the world reduce

without being called to account, he may assume license themselves essentially to the problem of getting along to do so again and again. And thus, by letting the with people. And all this we must remember before we

camel get its nose under the tent, so to speak, precedents expect too much of the men who work for peace, and too are established which come to have the effect of law, little of ourselves. They cannot wrap it up and bring it

whether or not such law was ever enacted or intended. home to us as a surprise package. There is something of

And when such encroachment is once under way, the its making that must come from us. "... Thou shalt love

people soon find that they have to exert themselves to the Lord thy God with all thy heart, and with all thy set right what, by their laxity, has been allowed to get soul, and with all thy mind. This is the first and great

out of line. Anyone who uses delegated authority commandment. And the second is like unto it, Thouanyone who represents others—must never be pershalt love thy neighbour as thyself."This was affirmed

mitted to presume that such authority is permanently by the Prince of Peace and by prophets who precededhis or inherent within him—for the people, who have him. And when we go back to the problems of busithe right to delegate authority have also the right to

revoke it; and because a man has been permitted to ness, to the pressure of the office, to the labor of the

speak for other men, it does not follow that he owns shop, back to the daily realities of the working world,other men. If he assumes that he does, it may be partly may we take with us the spirit of this timeless truth—

his fault and partly the fault of those who have been for peace is a personal problem. And may we find that

careless of their rights, for to allow the privilege of trespeace of which the angels sang when shepherds passing once may easily come to be looked upon as the watched and wise men worshiped.

right to walk over anyone at any time. Matthew 22:3739

December 8, 1946.—December 22, 1946.

92 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA by all of the impressions that pass before them—and

f\econciiiaUon l/l/ltk <=Llfe not merely by our formal instruction. We may tell

them what is right, but if they are constantly exposed tell them, A TTITUDES toward life change with age and experito impressions that are contrary to what we ence. As children there may have been times when much shall have been done to void our verbal teachwe confidently beheved that the world was ours, that ing. For example, we may earnestly teach them of the

we were the center of the universe, that our convenience sanctity of the home and of the sacredness of maritaland desires were alldetermining factors. But with vows, but if we make fight of such things—if we make

increasing years and the discipline of experience we clever entertainment out of marital infidelity and the to shall have done much of homes—we a holibreakdown notcome schooling—and

If out instructions. humor offset our earnest we make required that some of theday. Weto learncomethatto learnlife isalsoa

courses are not to our liking, and that some of the of ofFcoIor subjects, if we make brilliant dialogue out lessons are difficult to take. And some of us make the of unconventional situations, if we make what shouldn't

discipline seem harder than it needs to be. In the be done appear to be socially smart, we confuse the

bitterness of disappointment, or in the wake of some thinking and break down the standards of our youth, unwanted experience, we sometimes rebel against life, and make it difficult for them to know where they stand and fight it all the way, resisting everything that is, and with respect to life. If in fiction, in drama, in private

murmuring against every circumstance, with feelings of conversation or public entertainment, or through any resentment because of lessons that we think are too medium, we glamorize those who live outside the law, severe, and because of burdens that we feel are too or glorify cynicism, or encourage offensive humor, or life,heavy to be borne. And yet we do find ourselves somecreate admiration for those who defy the rules of

how bearing them as they come, and learning how to we shall have done much to mislead our children, and.

get along with our own troubles. Often quoted is the indeed, perhaps ourselves as well. We may say, and

it, that virtue is its own reward, thatold and wellworn story of the man who came to the earnestly mean place where all men bring their burdens, in the hope crime doesn't pay, that the way of the transgressor is of exchanging his load for that of someone else. But hard, all of which is profoundly true, but teaching is

after gazing upon the troubles of others, he was willing so much more than the mere telling of timeworn truths.

to take up his own again. As the years increase upon And formal preachment, however sincere, may be sorry

our heads, we come to learn that all men have their competition for vividly portrayed adventure. Our youth

full share of troubles, and that, by comparison, some are taught by exposure to all the influences that make of our own seem much less heavy. And when all the up life, whether fiction or fact; and whenever we make

facts are known, it is highly probable that many whom what is wrong seem exciting or desirable or socially we may once have envied, and many who we may once smart, we shall have diluted our better teachings, have thought were troublefree, are carrying around whether or not it was our intention to do so.

in their lives and in their hearts many things that we -December 1, 1946 wouldn't wish to take on, not even if, in doing so, we could lay down our own load. We do somehow learn

to live with our own troubles. But it could well be that vJn kifowlna9.Jiwaulu Cxixpenence

we might find it exceedingly difficult to learn to live with someone else's. And wisdom would suggest that IN the pungent phrasing of Benjamin Franklin: "Exwe become reconciled to what we cannot change. perience is a dear school, but a fool can learn in no

—December 15, 1946. other."the lessonsTheseof life:wordsbysuggestour owntwoexperienceways whichandwebylearnthe

experience of others. They suggest also that the exeackinq Jr6 lil/lom Ukavi perience of others is a great heritage, and the more we Jellln9 learn from it the less of life we waste. For example, if

every scientist insisted on going back to the beginning

CoMETiMES we are puzzled by the apparent ineffectiveto perform all the experiments that all his predecessors ness of some of our teaching. Surely, we may think, had performed, there would be little or no progress

we have told our youth often enough what to do and in science. Life would be wasted in proving what had

what not to do. But often we make the mistake of already been proved. If every explorer were to dissupposing that merely telling them is teaching them. card all maps and ignore all previous explorations, there

And often we forget that their ideas of life are formed Copyright. 1947 {Concluded on page 113)

FEBRUARY 1947 93 JOiHURBHUDVEIlK Book of Mormon Manuscript board, by General Superintendent MilTVORE fragments of the Book of MorCORRECTION ton Bennion. This is a new position,

mon manuscript are now in the HPhe report of the acquisition, but he succeeds Wendell J. Ashton,

vaults of the Church Historian. They by the Church, of property of who has been general secretary.

were given to the Church by Charles historic interest at McKune, Elder Ashton, who joins the Deseret

C. Richards, who with his father, Pennsylvania, in the December News staff, continues as a member of

Franklin D. Richards, onetime Presiissue, page 799, reads as if John the the general board.

dent of the Council of the Twelve, reBaptist baptized Joseph Smith and ceived them in May 1885, at Nauvoo, Oliver Cowdery there. Church "The Children's Friend"of Mary R. Jack as asfrom Major Lewis A. Bidamon, husband history records that John the A ppointment

of Emma Smith, the Prophet's widow. Baptist restored the Aaronic sociate editor of The Children's

On October 2, 1841, the Prophet Priesthood to these men, instructFriend, the magazine of the Primary placed this original manuscript in the ing them to baptize each other. Association, has been announced by

cornerstone of the Nauvoo House. Joseph Smith first baptized Oliver Mrs. Adele Cannon Howells, president

There it stayed for fortyone years, unCowdery who then baptized the of that organization. Miss Jack is a

til 1 882, when the old foundation of the Prophet. former general secretary of the Primary

building was torn down by Major BidaAssociation. She is now secretary of

mon, and the box was discovered. DurThe presidency of the Maricopa the board of trustees of the Primary

ing the time that the box was in the Stake remained intact. They are PresiChildren's Hospital, and secretary of

foundation, the elements had seeped dent Lorenzo Wright and his counselthe Salt Lake Tabernacle choir.

through and destroyed much of the ors William R. Ellsworth and Marion Temple Square Visitors

Turley. contents.valued W. visitors of total 719,765 A record organization effected The was by second of manuscript the copy A Salt to City's came Temple Lake

Fielding Elders Smith of and Joseph inBook Mormon was made July during 1946. Square the year This comthe Charles of A. Callis Council Oliver1 829, the Cowdery. by This was for with of pares the 377,110 year 1945,

copy that was sent to the printer from the Twelve. and 286,809 for 1936. Previous allset the for ofwhich type the was Book high time for the 465,432 year was Church and Indians This manuscriptMormon. owned, was

. It million 1941 is expected that a tourrecently established has Church npHEat times, Oliver by and David Cowdery ists will to during come Square Temple Infor school a Piute and Navajo

it years hasWhitmer. For the been centennial the year. children at dian Blanding, as part Utah, possessionprized of the Reorganized

Christ of of JesusChurch Missionaries is at their keptSaints, and headquarters sixty percent of the Latter Day ofple.theMostmissionaryof theactivitystudentsto aretheseunderpeoNewApproximately

in Independence, Missouri. twelve years old. Albert R. Lyman and "missionaries now being sent into

his wife, Gladys Lyman, are teaching the field are veterans of World War II,

Elder Benson in the tworoomed building. The school most of whom saved while in uniform

"Plder Ezra Taft Benson of the has also become a center where the Infor the opportunity of going on a misCouncil of the Twelve, and former dian women come to repair their famision. If the sending of fulltime missionpresident of the European Mission, relies'clothing. aries to their fields of labor continues at

turned from his duties in Europe shortPresident George Albert Smith who its present rate, five thousand missionly before Christmas and has now rewas unable to see the commissioner of aries will be in the missions sometime sumed his duties at his desk in the Indian affairs in a recent trip to Washduring this centennial year of 1947. The

Church Administration building. Affairs ington, D. C, saw the assistant comprewar alltime high was reached in

in Europe are now under the direction missioner, and reported as he arrived June 1941 when 2,250 missionaries were of Elder Alma Sonne, assistant to the back in Salt Lake City: functioning. During the war years fullCouncil of the Twelve. I am satisfied that the commission would time missionary activity dropped to the

fill its obligation to the Indians by providlow ebb of 350, because there were no

Mesa Stake ing them with all the schools their treaty replacements as the elders completed 117[esa Stake, one hundred sixtyfirst calls for, provided Congress would aptheir missions and were called into the propriate the money. service. in created the stake Church, was

for to desired long a time have do We will year for 1947 stand The some 8. the part of from MaricopaDecember help to the something other and Navajos time as a in high missionaries in markStake. If tribal Indians. the will council Navajo field the for reasons: missionaries two in are the the Stake Included Mesa the permission, grant necessary our Church being are called almost as never before; Third, Second, Gilbert,Chandler, Mesa will establish within schools and missions

there releases will be few during as the wards, reservation. Seventh,Fifth, see and, and Alma Navajo want to We the year because missionaries, most to it that they get all the they education Superior and the Coolidgewell as

branches. The membership totals 3,935. want, and with it a desire to take full adcalled after having been released from

Lucian M. Mecham, Jr., was susvantage of all their other opportunities. We the armed forces, have yet some time

tained as president of the Mesa Stake, appreciate that the Navajos cannot be to complete their two years or more as into villages they prefer to live missionaries. when P. herded and Frihoff Daviswith Alma M. out in the spaces. wide open overall picture As to the of mission as counselors.Nielson

activity, Elder Franklin Murdock, J. School Secretary Sunday in Stake, Remaining the Maricopa

with a membership of 3,675, are the piCHARD E. Folland, former presimission secretary has said:

Lehi, Mesa First, Fourth, Sixth, Eighth, dent of the South African Mission, All missions operated before the war

Papago, Pine, and Tempe wards, and has been named executive secretary of againflourishingare branchfunctioningof theand,Swedishin addition,Missiona the SpanishAmerican Branch. the Deseret Sunday School Union has been established in Finland. Numbers

94 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA of missionaries in some sections of Europe New Wards one thousand five hundred students duras being are augmented are but low now Stake, Bernardino San "CoNTANA Ward, ing the are of month There November.

addiobtained fast visas to send as be can -*- independent created has an from been for buildings construction under twenpersonnel. tional bishop. B. as branch, with Thorup James offices, twentysix classrooms, ty a

Stake, Francisco Ward, San San Mateo It of reported the ofBce been has by plant, cafeteria, heating a health and S. organized Stanley as has with been Gibb of that the First the Seventy Council

center. of bishop. part formerly a ward was The

there are over twentyfive hundred partthe Burlingame Ward.

time missionaries functioning in one Two Fillmore, Utah, wards of the MilMissionaries Released three. to divided Stake been have make fiftynine of the organized lard hundred July

are the B. of Bishops Taylor Von stakes of the Church. Mertlich, Salt Lake First Brazilian: M. Paul the Melville of Milton A. Second Ward,

Ward, and D. LaMoyne Melville of the City; Ruth Evelyn Evans Mertlich, Salt

Servicemen's Books Third Ward. Lake City.

'y'HE American Bible Society has reCali[ornia: Martha Julia G. Albrecht,

vealed that it supplied 8,923,355 Ward Name Changed Logan, Utah; Robert Albrecht, Logan,

Testaments to the armed services durOCEAN Beach Ward of the San Diego Utah; Lucile Bodily, Vernal, Utah; Max

ing World War II. Stake was formerly known as the La Conley, Portage, Utah; Elvira Fames, Ft.

The Church servicemen's committee Jolla Ward. Collins, Colorado; Carl John Johnson, Salt

states that it sent 95,000 sets—the Book Lake City; George Thomson, Magrath, Alpel—toof MormonLatterdayand PrinciplesSaint ofmenthe Gosand HTheBrigham ChurchYoung Universityuniversity, Brigham berta,Ely, Nevada;Canada; PriscillaWilliam M.JosephFrancis,Francis,Ely,

in during uniform the war. In Nevada. women University, at Provo, Utah, Young

this printed a committee addition, Glenna Footc, Welling, AlCanadian:

to continues expand its facilities. Houspocket-sized servicemen's twelvepage berta, Canada.

edition of the Church News monthly ing units were to be completed in JanuEast Central States: Orson S. Taylor,

from May 1944 to the present time, for ary for some three hundred fifty single St. George, Utah; Mrs. Minnie H. Taylor,

free distribution among Latterday veterans and two hundred veteran St. George, Utah.

Saint servicemen. families. A new health center treated {Continued on page 116)

THIRD QUORUM OF ELDERS OF THE SACRAMENTO STAKE AND THEIR WIVES AND GUESTS AT A MISSIONARY FUND BANQUET

MISSIONARIES ENTERING THE MISSIONARY HOME Bruce B. Hall, Kenneth Judd, Opal Hart, Roxie F. O. Grant Neilson, Bobby B. Bradford, George Grfer

DECEMBER 2, AND DEPARTING DECEMBER 12, 1946 Home, John T. Home, Erma Plewe, Virginia Parrish, Sloan, Gean Boley Bigler, Myrle J. Gull, Wayne A.

Reading from left to right, first row: Charles E. Harriet Hutchison. Devey.

John H. Ervin row: Cannon, Goodman, Ninth N. Jr., Scott, Archie Verl Ray Barney, Summers, Fifth Dean Carpenter, row: Carpenter, Melva M. W.

R. R. Craig Chamberlain, Ernest Bramwell, Cloyd T. Sachs, Grant Nephi Grant Eugene Jr., Cameron, L. E. Wag- D. Wilson, Jesse Kilburn Beagley, Vance

J. FranSmith, Barnes, Robert M. Raymond DaWain ner, Carruthers, F Neil H. C. Magleby, L. Spaulding, Roger Harold Howard Nelson, Rigby, A. Newell Vanja

cis, E. William James, Delmer Robert Ray Buchanan, L. Egbert, Fish, Joseph H. Macfarlane, George Esther Peterson, Petersen, H. Floyd Nelson, LaRue M. Max

L. Taylor, 7. Rowley. H. Watson, David Dale F. Jackman. Carrie Hadlock, Sarah Murray, Christian G. Knudsen,

Brinkerhoff, row: Allen Pond, Tenth K. John M. Knudsen. Powell, row: Tate, Evelyn Sybil Mary Second Melva

J. flyer, Shurtliff, Allen, e. R. A. R. M. Royal H. J. E. Career, Robert Nielsen, Martin, Walter E. Lilly Sixth Donna row: Norton, Bendixen, Leo May L. William Richard Eckersley, Meservy, Waite, Howard director; B. Colton, L. Kerr, Jean Weaver, E. Eugene Bitter, Don Taylor, R. Harvard A. Elmer Arden Spencer, G. Huff. M. Bowen, Donald L. Caroline Frederick Tucker, Angel, C. John, Maria Griffiths, Elayne Layton, Margaret Pearce, Carey John J. Eleventh V. Chandler, row: James Edgar Alder, Ellen Kerr, Thorpe, L. Jane Elden Norma Reed Southworth, Van Newey, Darrell M. Mark Anderson. S. Fox, Neff, Kotter, David H. Louis Ralph LaMar W. Wagoner. row: Seventh C. Rulon Ogden, J. George Pay, M. Hastings. Latimer, Monroe

Third L. row: Openshaw, Waite, S. Delia Raymond Murvin Pay, Charles Jane P. Norton, James Cameron, Twelfth row: L. Kane, K. Alma McKay, Dale Gunn

Stott, Irene Ruby Pearl Maples, Fuller, H. Esther E. Hilda Ezra V. Larsen, Cameron, Stewart, Peggy Carl R. Johnson, Sheron Maddox, Christensen, Blaine

Phyllis E. Lee, Gates, Ruth R. Williams, Briggs, Helen Donna Jack Hermine Muir, Bowen, Hazen Ruth Pinegar, Thamsen, Lynn Grant W. Weight. M.

Loftin, Ella H. Wilson, Ardyth Rae Phillips. Charlene Knudsen, Weber, Wendell Thirteenth S. row: Harris, Alfred Howard Myers

Ellis Schwartz, Fullmer, Ruby K. Reed. row: Max Eighth John P. Garner, Chester Ted Neal, Watkins, Bullock, Reuben L. Lynn Laurence Murdock,

row: R. Fred Fourth Justin Lyie Bingham, Wright, O. Peck, Jay R. M. Fowles, Alius, Johannes A. Melvin H. Hansen, Carl Cole, R. Charles C. Janson,

E. Smith, Bodily, Dean Del Sellers, C. I. Roy Richard Joseph Smith, K. E. M. L. Tsuya, Roy Seeley, Morgan James Mortensen.

FEBRUARY 1947 95 nnRiR mumps, but alcohol least of all is to blame. This

eporu 'f t on yvicokoi leaves the way open for every man to drink with a clear conscience. The cocktail becomes enHThe whiskey devil, astride his whiskey barrel, is throned among things noble, pure, and lovely!

so selfsatisfied that his slobbering joy drizzles There never was a clearer imprint of the cloven down his bloated, bloodshot jowls. In a full page hoof than in this "discovery."

advertisement, in expensive magazines, a group of The advertisement, by its deliberate omissions, his serfs, bowing abjectly before their swelling condemns itself. It argues only for money. There

moneybags, the Licensed Beverage Industries, Inc., is no mention of human beings, they who are

chant the greatness of their king, alcohol. dragged down by alcohol into unspeakable degThey tell that the alcoholic beverage industry has radation. Nothing is said of the daily report of

become an important element of our national econothe filthy road of alcohol littered with murder, theft, my; that it benefits many American industries; that robbery, lust, rape, juvenile delinquency; auto, airin the thirteen years since prohibition, it has paid plane, and railroad wrecks; forfeited lives and

in taxes more than twenty billion dollars; and that, broken homes. It does not remember that the user

best of all, it has a commendation from the War of alcohol on his way to stupor passes through a

Production Board for war services! No wonder the period of repellent, beasthke imbecility; or that

whiskey devil leers and smirks, and nods his apupon his recovery he must have more alcohol; or

proval, "See what a big boy am I!"that the judgments of the best of men are twisted

This is sheer alcoholic, impudent effrontery. The and bent as iron rods in the fire by this hellish

advertisement is a deceptive document, for it fails master of evil.

to tell that the alcohol beverage industry has prosThat eminent men use alcohol merely means that pered because, for love of money, it has stooped to they might devise wiser laws and keep their agree cater to an abnormal, destructive appetite, as shown ments more faithfully, if their senses were not imby the advertisements in any magazine of the beer paired by alcohol. The peace of the world and an

barons and whiskey kings. It does not explain that increasingly better Vvorld will not come by way of

the industries of America, their men, machines, and whiskey and vodka, or from men in public or private factories, are not dependent for their success upon service who will not keep sober. There is no dethe alcoholic beverage industry, for they would fense for the use of alcohol as a beverage.

find other profitable outlets, were there no manu- A sense of shame and sorrow should accompany facture of alcohol. It carefully omits to mention all who engage in the alcoholic beverage industry,

that the twenty billions of dollars paid in taxes repindividuals, organizations, or states. But, the

resent many times more billions actually spent for whiskey devil, and his cortege, know neither shame drink, money that should have been added to our nor pity. They hear only, with straining ears, the

permanent wealth, by improving usefully life in our clinking of gold.

land; or by reducing our national debt, the burden Latterday Saints will not be fooled by such

of which is carried by every citizen; or by restoratrocious publicity, but will continue to eschew

ing happiness to thousands of broken homes ruined every kind of habitforming, injurious drugs. They

by alcohol; nor does the glowing advertisement will continue to move toward world leadership bereveal that the war commendation did not imply cause of clean bodies and clear minds. Avoid the

that the alcohol beverage industry risked life or first glass of alcoholic beverage, and the future is

A. W. money in producing industrial alcohol for the rubsafe.—/.

ber emergency; but that Uncle Sam paid liberally

for every drop of alcohol and that though the whiskey output was curtailed, enough was produced, and at a high price, to increase whiskey profits and to cause many a war disaster, and that, (L-ditonal rfote after all, the call to service was mandatory.

The alcoholic beverage industry knows, as do the Tta readers will note with regret the tempublic and every habitual user, that alcohol is a porary discontinuance of Evidences and poison destructive of body, mind, and soul, for in

Reconciliations, Avhich has long been a poputhis advertisement it hides repeatedly behind the legality of its operation, thus laying the blame upon lar feature in the magazine. The publication

the consumers, but also admitting that it is dealing of these pertinent articles will be resumed in in an unwholesome, unsavory commodity. July, when the present series by Dr. John A.

will The fattened sides of the whiskey devil shake in Widtsoe, How the Desert Was Tamed, be completed. glee, also, because someone has recently discovered

that alcoholism, that is drunkenness, is a disease.

Anyone may catch the disease, as we do measles or

96 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

LEmHLKITIIVEIM By MARY BRENTNALL 'OME Talks to Young People About Current Problems

adding further proof that example is more powerful than precept. officials, wise laws, good schools are And yet—in the sense that we vital safeguards of truth.

cannot always trust ourselves, she But all dishonesty does not stem was right. Certain it is that we cainfrom the constantly scheming indinot hope for infallibility, ior the vidual. There are many fairly honest

wisdom of mortals has definite limimen and women who turn crafty on tations. Modern scripture goes even occasion. There is the person who

further and warns us against the debeheves that "all's fair in love,"or signs of "conspiring men in the last the one that thinks a business days."So we must perforce contend transaction must be to his own greatwith conscious as well as unconer advantage. There is the boy or

scious fallibility. girl who cheats in examinations, or—Illustrated by Fielding K. Smith

Let us consider the problem of tells a story so entertainingly that it conscious or "conspiring"error first. is a shame to limit him to truth. Or

'ANY of the questions asked Is it possible always to recognize disthere is the man or woman who, findby young people, indicative honesty and craftiness? Perhaps not ing that absolute truth sulhes his own

if we are young and reputation, shifts a Httle and thereof the problems which dis-—particularly

at some time by casts reflections on another.Mturb them, are based upon one large inexperienced—which

question which has been asked in all or another we all are. As one exEventually, of course, we come to generations ample—advertising has been responknow these people, and to protect

"What can I believe? Whom shall sible in times past for much decepourselves from their particular weak-

I trust?"tion. Business bureaus and the adnesses. Or, if these faults happen to

vertising itself profession hope! entirely It is a big repent—we question—not worked hard advertiseto improve is uneasiness answerable; not dishave be Then—considerablein ourselves, we even easily cussed, since humanity is faulty, ments—to free them from overstatecaused by the simple thoughtlessness

hence, most agencies through ment as well as falsehood. Wise of our associates. Perhaps your wellwhich humanity speaks, are corresexecutives have been fighting this trusted friend, Bill, says, "Don't go

pondingly faulty. Yet none of us can long battle because they knew that out with Carol—she's no fun!"

depend entirely upon himself for his without improvement, advertising You were beginning to think that itself, all its destroy with atCarol special, very Bill is was but beliefs. ideas all put would and We must

benefits. tendant progress Great has wise such a friend that you wonder. trust in the opinions, experisome

ence, and thoughts of others. Whom, been made, but in some instances Actually there is nothing wrong with

then, shall we trust? What can we there is still need for correction. Carol. She just isn't Bill's type, but

believe? Thus, over the centuries, honest she may be just right for you.

My grandmother, who was essenmen have attempted by law and Or there was your friend Beverly tially kind and gay, always admonpersuasion to keep dishonesty of all who urged, "Do buy that peach ished her grandchildren to trust no kinds constantly challenged. Yet dress—it's a honey."

one. Some sad experience had perlaws have to be changed continually, And because Beverly always looks

suaded her of the necessity of conas dishonesty and unfairness take on beautiful herself, you bought the forms. against new The battle stant vigilance others erpeach where were it just once. wore dress—and is misinformation ror and even greatlife concerned. variBut her It was was at all wrong for you.

ill that against disease and her counsel. ance with one She was listen to thoughtless When it perhaps of is all part erhealth—orthan of the pioneer numerous women friends consistently who—wethose the struggle. same

full of always homeswhose were state personal opinions as facts—weEuropean emigrants—converts to must listen with reservations.

the Church who stayed and were nPo protect us then from the more Finally, there are those who are welcomed as long as they needed easily recognized forms of dishonneither crafty, selfish, nor thoughtshelter. Because of this and other esty, we have all society working. less. Sometimes, they have our ingreat generosities, we always As further guards against deception, terests very deeply at heart and love

thought her admonition very funny it would seem important that all of us beyond all reason or question.

it. slight attention paid toand and old, concern ourWe they are right, And yet us—young

confident the up all grew selves goodwith strengthening the implethey are because as mortals—evennot alwaysness honor and of government. ments public Honest ( Continued of mankind—thusof on page 114)

FEBRUARY 1947 97

I the training? of a matter asked are wise parents,"I admir- "You WHY, MOTHER? of her other of mother replied. Dianne some ingly

Many parents thoughtlessly "training secrets.""It isn't as easy as it sounds,"

conceal the reasons behind Her brown eyes smiled as she told laughed the delightful mother of their training and expectame, "All forwardlooking parents four.

TIONS. Isn't it better to help are interested in teaching their Of course, it isn't as easy as it

CHILDREN UNDERSTAND THE GOOD youngsters the value of money."sounds! Children will not respond

SENSE AND REASONABLENESS BE- I agreed, encouraging her with, to the efforts of their parents unless

HIND YOUR THINKING? "How have you done this?"conformity to their program seems

"When 'Buzzy'was twelve, he reasonable to them.

By Helen Gregg Green was offered a paper route which he's The thoughtful, understanding had for a number of years. It is a

short route, but he earns three dolparent sits down, relaxed, and talks to of an assignment I had the and wherefores whys aSINCE week besides his tips. He is over

write, a lars the help of I asked with his chilpatterns of conduct that proud!"friend, my typist being out of "What does he do with his dren. Even adults cling to their old

the city. money?"was my next question. ways of action and thought until

the into answered Dianne Tenyear-old been they have pushed particularly clothes he buys "He

I called to give this that longer telephonethe is no when knowledge { likes. practical ones. the We buy is changes. feasible. important "Mothersome

is his description sharp* of 'Very not at home, but I can take the mesthose purchased by him. These have So—let us explain why it is imsage!"she told me. included such 'very sharp'items as portant to deliver messages.

The next morning Dianne's moth- a plaid flannel shirt, a 'trick'cap with er received the message. It was exsides that can be pulled up or down Why—a newspaper should be careactly as it had been given, although according to the weather."fully refolded after being read

difficult to explain by telephone. learn the value of money something have Why—we must made "He

"I've never I remarked, Delighted, punctual are the besides paper pays what him,"I Why—weleft a message for you that wasn't insisted, thinking of the welldressed Why—we are considerate of others

delivered promptly and correctly. really listen when we are man. young Why—we this you establishedHow have spoken to yes, he is constantly being "Oh,

habit?"splendid

his given tips. At Christmas twentyWhy—we our children were seven "When five nineteen customers gave him Why—we havehang aupplaceour forclothesthingsand

I taking eight, them, taughtor when well clean brushed is that keep them this and dollars. for reason The

ask, I have your to message,a 'May alfor specific place write notes thankyou each has a one his Why—we a number?'telephone and Onname chutes, milk behind newspaper: write as as can most soon we with an telephone the kept bypad

'side'doors, porches, under screen to pencil, never (whichattached was the mailboxes, doorknobs, or and thoughtus Let our answers make ) this information 'borrowed,'wasbe like. in pleasing pride takes 'Buzzy'will fully reasonable they so seem youngsters the time thewritten. By traincustomer, which every is good interest children. of to our be and to able they were ten or elevenwere

transfer any message to paper."ing in making and keeping friends."An example:

gets "Since 'Buzzy'up every morn- "Why are there laws. Mother?"

doesn't papers, I have thought of the difference in ing at six to deliver all have prothis training and that of another this mean an adequate amount of "Through them we friend who has two daughters, both sleep must be had?"I asked, thinktection, Son. They protect our prophonor students. One parent is a Phi ing of the rest needed by a growing erty and life, give freedom of action

Beta Kappa, the other a college boy. without endangering life. Security

graduate. Yet in all the years I have "Oh, yes! And that has been a is gained by cooperation."

known this charming family, I can problem. Like most youngsters, he I could continue indefinitely, but

remember few of the many times I dislikes going to bed. He wanted to you are no doubt wise in the ways of

called when the message was destay up after lessons and listen to the helping your blueeyed Talia and livered. I frequently reminded the radio and read the 'funnies.'Finally, stalwart young Rex see the wisdom

girls, "This is important. Be sure Dad and I told him, 'You must of your methods of teaching charand tell Mother!"I even bought a choose between your paper route and acter, emotional maturity, and the

clever pad with pencil attached as a extra sleep or less sleep and no "homegrown decencies,"as the reminder. paper route.'writer Montagu calls them.

"Try and keep a pencil around "He realized that he became nervWith this fine understanding behere!"the mother commented when ous and irritable and did not do so tween you and your children what

I laughingly asked, "Where's the well in school when he lost sleep, so a splendid camaraderie you're buildpencil to 'my'pad?"he decided, 'I'll take the paper route ing for today and those golden years

Isn't the difference in the children and get to bed early!'of future happiness.

98 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

'S THE GREAT GIFT BOOK OF THE YEAR

GDDKECDmiEir Nauvoo Josephine B. Nichols the Beautiful

E. Cecil by McGavin Meat to Fit the Budget

thrilling historical A true, narrative of the origin and growth of Nauvoo, with

T EAN meats provide bodybuilding martyrdomits 20,000 peopleof Josephat andthe Hyrumtime ofSmith.the

proteins, iron, and some of the vitaTheand expulsiongrim epic ofstorytheseofloyalthe Americanmobbing mins needed for good health. Even citizens; the destruction of their homes;

richer in iron and vitamins than the theculeanburningtrek ofacrosstheir plainstemple;andtheirmounHer-

muscle meats are liver and other meat tains;glorioustheirachievements.unflinching fortitude and

organs. Written by a master storyteller.

The cheaper grades and cuts of meat, Aunpublished.wealth of new material heretofore

though fairly lean and not so tender, 355 pages. 32 pages of photographs

if prepared carefully, are just as full of and pictures.

food value and every bit as tasty as the ORDER NOW Price $3.00

higher priced steaks and roasts. The Postpaid

chief difference is that they take more time in the cooking and more skill in THREE MORMON HISTORY OF

Appetizing and nourishseasoning. the CLASSICS JOSEPH SMITH can be prepared dishes ing meat to suit Thrilling stories of By His Mother budget. family Wilford any Woodruff LUCY MACK SMITH Q. Cannon, Jacob Hamblin To make the most of the meat you George

Postpaid Price $2.50 Postpaid Price $2.50 buy:

LIFE OF HEBER C. KIMBALL 1 Know meat grades by Orson F. Whitney

2. Store properly Large Gift Edition, 520 pages

3. correctly Cook Price $3.00 Postpaid

4. food values Learn

5. Use leftovers WITNESSES OF THE

6.. Save drippings BOOK OF MORMON

CompiSed by Presfon Nibley Contains a wealth of documentary evidence Thrifty Meat Recipes ond historical information which is invaluable to every

Favorite Spaghetti Bookread oftype.Mormon PfJcestudent. $2.25Printed in largePostpaideasyto-

1 tablespcKvn salt FILL OUT AND MAIL THIS COUPON*************"

INC. WALLIS. boiling & STEVENS water quarts 3 Fine These St., 3S Salt Richards City I, Lake Utah spaghetti long ounces 4 also are Books the Please checked below: send books oil or bacon dripcooking tablespoons 2 the Beautiall Three at Mormon ClasSale For Q Nauvoo G

ful sics $3.00 pings $2.50 book leading Life of Witnesses Joseph Smith The D parsley tablespoons chopped 2 $2.25 His Mother $2.50 Book By dealers. onion Life of chopped enclosed. 2 tablespoons ofHeberMormonC.ofKimthe Payment Q D

$3.00 ball C.O.D. Send n sliced, if desired 1 clove garlic, your Order

ground pound }/2 beef copy TODAY Name tomatoes 2 cups cooked Address. - J/2

{1 No. 2 can)

1 cup tomato sauce (1 8-ounce can) 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce &Wallis,inc, Stevens if desired mushrooms, cup STREET 34 RICHARDS OF PUBLISHERS 36 cheese grated Parmesan cup J4 UTAH LAKE CITY. SALT BOOKS 'fine

Add 1 tablespoon salt to actively boiling water. Gradually add spaghetti and boil

until tender (about 12 minutes). Drain.

While Spaghetti is cooking, heat oil in skillet.

garlic brown onion, and and parsley, Add You Can't ALWAYS Plan until browned. cook lightly. and Add beef,

Add tomatoes, tomato sauce, Worcestershire sauce, and mushrooms. Cover and The FUTURE by the PASn

cook slowly until thick (about 45 minutes).

Arrange spaghetti on hot platter and pour Just because you haven't ace and may visit you any sauce over. Sprinkle lightly with grated had a fire is no reason day.

Parmesan cheese. This makes 4 servings. why you won't. Don't Insure your property today and be protected

Braised Stuffed Shoulder of Veal judge the future by the against loss.

4 to 6 pound shoulder of veal past. Better get your policy

34 pound suet or mild salt pork Fire is a constant menwhile you can.

1 small onion, chopped crumbs soft bread 4 cups UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE CO. thyme teaspoon 34

salt and pepper to taste Heber J. Grant & Co. GENERAL AGENTS Salt Lake City Utah

(Concluded on page 100) FEBRUARY 1947 99

COOK'S CORNER

( Concluded from page 99 with flour and seasoning, dot with butter

Remove the bones from the shoulder. and pour milk over all. Bake one hour in

Save the bones for broth. oven (300 F.) or until potatoes are tenFor stuffing, cut the suet or salt pork into der.

crisp. fry the pieces small onion and Add 6> stir in for minutes, the a and cook few

bread crumbs and seasonings. Mix well Beef Steak and Kidney Pie

and continue cooking imtil hot.

Sprinkle the inside of the meat with salt 1 pound beef chuck or round steak and pepper and stuff. Roll the stuffed 1 veal kidney

shoulder and fasten. 1 tablespoon fat

Sprinkle with salt, pepper, and flour. 1 tablespoon flour

Place the roll on a rack in a roasting pan, \}/2 teaspoon salt% Wad and put several pieces of suet or salt pork 3/8 teaspoon pepper on top. Cover the pan, cook in a moderate- 1-2 large onion

until the beginning of the ly hot oven (375 F.) until the meat is 3/2 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce

browned and tender about two and oneschool year half hours. Make gravy with the pan Soak kidney in cold salted water for

drippings. thirty minutes. Cut steak in oneinch cubes.

An appealing arrangement of the spaghetti will invite wnna uaner good eating.

which opens March 24

Courses available for beginning students

Scalloped Ham and Potatoes Drain kidney and cut into even, smaller cubes. Let sliced onion brown slowly in

1 cup cubed leftover ham fat, then add meat, and brown well on all 4 medium potatoes sides. Add salt, pepper, sauce, and one-

2 tablespoons flour half cup boiling water. Simmer slowly for

1 tender. or until hours tablespoon the very flour butter or oleomargarine two Mix

salt stir onefourth with cold teaspoon into water cup and 3 i5nafiam. i/Jounf

it. to 3/8 thicken teaspoon pepper to the meat Transfer baking

)4 cup each of evaporated milk and water dish or individual casseroles, cover top with iti thin pastry with hole in center for escape u Peel and slice potatoes. Arrange in layers of steam. Bake thirty minutes in oven at

Provo, Utah in baking dish with cubed ham. Sprinkle 375 F. This makes four servings.

[JJJJ

fe tfcow a \\ SECOND"? truck.it went by and throw it into a nearby"liUSlkSlfFlFTVmRS "They are picking out the 'seconds,'

Aids in treatment of Canker, simple my friend told me, "the imperfect ones,, sore throat and other minor mouth those with flaws, those that have beand throat irritations. come soiled. We can't put our best

By ALFRED i. TOOKE label on those. They'll be inspected

again and perhaps fixed up a little, thenHALL'S REMEDY

Salt >U''<)'Lake City, Utah FRIEND of mine showed me through soldAtunderthat anmomentinferiora label."rather whimsical!

the factory in which he worked. idea occurred to me, and I said, "Jim!

great room were conveyor If God ever inspected us like that, I A In one

For Centennial Features Read the belts over which seemingly endless wonder how many of us would be 'secstreams of goods flowed. There were onds'and prove unfit for his best label?"

IMPROVEMENT ERA people watching those streams, and evAnd Jim looked serious and said, "I someone would and then now never thought of it that way. I won12 Issues $2.00 ery

as der!"the conveyor from snatch an article

100 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Now an improYed

c

SUPREME GASOLINE

In line with Standard's policy of offering you the finest possible gasoline, we

bring you Chevron Supreme with greatly improved antiknock performance.

Government limitations on the amount of lead used in gasoline have been removed. Now higheroctane Chevron Supreme is ready for your car.

Chevron Supreme brings you faster starting, quicker warmup, smoother acceleration—and now a higher antiknock rating. Iry it today!

Its ood orncj on Chei/i'on Supreme

StANDARD; STATIONS INC

CHtYRON STOP AT THESE SIGNS FOR GASSIATION

STANDARD OF CALIFORNIA PRODUCTS '

FEBRUARY 1947 fOl..

it I will that be so, and know it will. A Time of Want will... It surely pass."to come

(Concluded from page S4) ibid. V:20 JME as you may wish to; but, in the usual

of storing mode got to it, you have stir REQUEST FOR STRAWBERRY JAM..

it, it move turn it, remove over, it, and Elaine By V. Emans m/rr

... to us for homemade jam: not and cultivate the HEpeach,wrote work.. PRICE or "Letit willusspoil.go to

earth, and go into the fields, and bless Nor said!grape nor plum, but strawberry, he

the land, and dedicate and consecrate And, taking from my little store the red it to God; and then dedicate the seed, Rich spheres within their glass, I knew that

the implements, and the horses.... Do each

you suppose that that will have any efTime he should taste it from a mess kit spoon fect? I know that it will. TheHe wouldway bethe tastingrunnersmorecrept,withinand hishowmind:the

"And the day will come when people wind will gather here by hundreds and by BackJunehome can carry such a freight of fifty thousand in a awhistling, Bobwhite and the blend of all across will Roses the countryside, year;thousands—yea,and very many and come trudging humming

with their bundles under their arms. I In clover patches. He will eat and think

have heard Brother Joseph, Brother BuiIt is whya littlehadsubstituteI no formulafor coming,to give

Brigham, and several other men say The one who eats it guarantee to live!

BETSY ROSS

SPIET

There's no place like home..

when you own one of the new Betsy Ross Spinets... the focal

point in every home. Built by

Lester... backed by a 5 year

record of fine piano building.

See the Betsy Ross Spinet..

better than which there is none I

DAYNES MUSIC CO.

A Complete Music Store 4547 So. Main St.. Salt Lake City 1

Convenient Terms Arranged CORVALLIS BRANCH BALL GOLD GREBN AND

The Corvallis Branch M. I. A. sponsored a district Gold and Green ball in the Benton Hotel, Corvallis,

Oregon. within branch Each district the asked to was have candidate a evening. for the queen Mrs. Myrtle

Shurtz, from the Lebanon Branch, official the was for crowned evening. queen the selection The was made

girl having by each choose rose a bouquet. from a rose To each tied was scroll a small on one and

written the was "queen."word crowning The ceremony conducted F. Brother was by president Hughscroll Webb,

of the Corvallis Branch.

During the intermission four couples the presented tango. Varsouvanne and This is the first Gold and

Green ball held for several years as the M.I.A. last not reactivated until was September.

:ibM

OLYMPIA WARD. SEATTLE STAKE

Olympia Ward, Seattle Stake, enjoys its choir of nearly fifty members. John R. Christopher conducts with Weston H. Harris, organist.

102 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Here.. with added notes of explanation concerning

the feeding of livestock,,.is republished

Safeway's Pledge to Farmers

Increasingly these days, farmers are faced \vith problems of "normal,"prevar marketing. It

therefore seems to Safeway that this is a proper time to republish the basic policies \ve hold to in farm marketing. First stated in 1938 by Lingan

A. Warren, President of Safeway, these basic

Safeway policies are in operation today and they will be continued

"**Loss Leaders Prices Paid to Producers

Safeway is opposed to the use of fruits, Safeway pays the farmer as much or vegetables, dairy products, meat and more for his product as he can obtain other agricultural products as "loss elsewhere and is proud of that fact.

leaders"—the practice of selling farm

items below cost to lure customers.

Regular Purchases Safeway purchases are made regularly, Financing Farm Production thereby assisting in stabiHzing the proSafeway does not subsidize farmers—duce market. (Safeway buys only for sale

the practice of financing certain farm through its own stores.)

production and using this to force prices down.

Grading Safewayendorses theprogram ofproper Operating Farms gradingand proper labeling of produce.

Safeway does not own or operate any farms or compete with farmers in the production of agricultural products. Discussions With Producers

(In 1943, maldistribution of meat supplies Safeway \velcomes discussions with under federal regulations greatly reduced the all agricultural groups and individual amount of beef we were able to offer Safeway farmers for better understanding bestore customers. We could buy only a small tween farmer and distributor.

percentage of our normal supply. This situation

forced Safeway to establish slaughter plants, to undertake some feeding of cattle, and to contract for feeding by established feeders. As a

result, Safeway now owns approximately 50,000 cattle but does not own a single ranch SAFEWAY or farm. As and when producers can again the neighborhood grocery stores

supply us with a sufficient number of fed cattle,

Safeway will discontinue the feeding of cattle... excepting only the small number carried to

equalize the dayto-day supply for slaughter plant operations.)

FEBRUARY 1947 103

cJLadiA Low Liotked Sand Id <=Jjnnlna

By EUGENE OLSEN ON US

<<"rooK, Monte,"said Alice, "here is "Mrs. Lindstol is much pleased at

I a letter from Risor, Norway. the jacket. She switches every which IuifSat. dkur Wat lace

J—J Isn't that where you were on a way to make the fringe show and is

mission?"laughing at me because my suit fits only

in spots. part comes And now my the apostles vigor zeal and "I there about worked two months,

I the the piano program. up to sit me I the early Church of there."but on WITHand seventies never wrote to anyone

sing. the see play should and and You his the letter resurwife took the of carriedMonte the was message

I it is laughs. clothes think the whichholding the address: and read Herr into his teachings Christ rected and big. again, are so play make They me Falls, Idaho, IdahoMonte Lundblade, lands. cities powThe and many many finale right slips sleeve the the and onU.S.A. in manifest them so ers of were I God close over hand, with and down my "Well, hurry and open it—a bong, bong. that thriving churches were established

Monte slowly turned the letter over "They tell me the program is the in spite of prejudices and persecutions.

and looked at the back and teased his best ever, and the tears in their eyes They were like beautiful gardens being wife by reading aloud the address are from laughing at me. All shake my established in reclaimed sections of the

again, "Herr Monte Lundblade."hand and say I am a show all by desert.

I the myself. got where wonder They sand the desert with oases of Like the

I tell all up'don't 'make to wear. to cover threatening constantly I storms''T'he letter was written on cheap, bet the but next time they know, you

rough paper. Monte translated: see the suit it will be altered so they and to choke all vegetation were the

"Dear Brother Lundblade: I write to will not know it. My wife, too, is what newly established branches of the

thank you for the lady cow clothes and you call a 'sensation.'No other lady Church. They were being subjected to

bellthe suit that to bottom us came threatened constantly that the influences in has a lady cow suit—thatthe welfare package."paused Monte calls conEnglish speaking often were destruction. Pagans boy isit—cowgirlwhat his at "It's sheepishly wife.and looked suit. All ladies the are wanting to make into the brought fold who verted and

oldabout those clothes to gave we the of pattern, the overnight and same my beliefs their merely but change not did

Saints. didEuropean they ever How I real wife people have and bebecome ideas their current to Christianity addedfind that out sent Alice, them? we you suits. of to cause our thank you the of changing most fundamentally input those,"our accused. names he heart. the are than from happier WeI want to which other storms doctrines. Some since the war."I I didn't, "Honest, Monte. was instate exposed the were was Church

ashamed because we couldn't give some It was signed "Karl Lindstol."terference, popular disapproval, peruseful things. likemore I never did politics the Church, within greed, sonal

that leather jacket, cowgirl your and say, the Savior 'Inasmuch the ITNoesn't Church. within schisms andsport so that extreme suit was you

it to the least as of done ye havedidn't it in public."dare wear to said Galatians his the In day Paul

it brethren, these your have ye done

Monte read again: "I was on the unto me'?"Alice was thoughtful. I marvel that ye are so soon removed

Mutual program, to play and sing, but "Something like that,"said Monte, from him that called you into the grace of

I fat short pants and and have am gospel. 1:6.) (Gal. another Christ my unto I piece. like feel twocent a "but We the throughbeen occupation. German didn't couldn't or gave what want we of in speaking the Thessalonians wife's To clothes are threadbare, too.My just skates.'use. arc 'cheap even WeI said tell Christ I he if of the the that second coming president get no If give, there another to chance comes

Ipackage, must because excused be

I I to that going give something am shall except not that come, for day... the patches out. areeven worn He I value, to something proud be would first, (II falling there a... come awaysays the about something people must myself."wear 2:3.) Thess. up, willbe see cheered he and he what

"But, did give something. Monte, do. Sister wecan Then Jensen come and the of authority the blew; sands The didn't even There be some suit that may who shesay have a with name my the earth; the from disappeared gospel their castoff clothes."give it. in lining the enough Sureon pocket

"in a as sand dunes became Churchis tailor.'Lindstol, 'Karl name, my "It's 'not give but what what you falling came. desert away again—the counts. share'Alice, that Say, you is "Alice, that the very man who restored been again has gospel is The this there the of back on more some I suit that for real me. amade wanted

suit made up so I could go to college. letter. It says: 'P.S. The suit is not to the earth. Sands that are blowing in

I these days are hatred, prejudice, racialThe suits were made of good cloth over altered yet for a week. My wife and

there and cheaper. Let's sec what hapare invited to three parties and I am to intolerance, unchastity, ignorance,

pened at the program be sure and bring the big suit. They greed, intemperance. The threat of

love it. I am even enjoying it myself. apostasy is ever with us as it was nine-

"I tailor, time It is a so hard here have remember a and when I was we centuries ago. The Lord has said

tall, it teen little fine If to up. us looking cheer missionary I can wants make who

in this day: satisfied. bell lighter for suita some, pleated bottom Oh, (and and I am

pegtopped ). I even find your home adand I must not forget that many have Now, I, the Lord, am not well pleased

dress in my book."just remembered that I am a good tailor. with the inhabitants of Zion, for there are

earnings has helped This very my their children are idlers them; and among he got your "So that was the way bless Lord much. you The also they seek wickedness; growing up in "for the kindinterruptedaddress,"Alice. L.'heart. ness of your K. eternity, riches of the but their earnestly not

"Well, it is time for the program, "See there,"said Alice, "no other eyes are full of greediness. (D. & C. 68:31.)

and I have no time to work on the suit would have done so much for those suit. It is much too big so I roll up the good people as the lady cow clothes Remember, the storms still blow.

legs and the sleeves, but my, is it warm? and the bell bottom suit."Sand is always drifting.

104 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Lam of More of EverYthing FARM MACHINERY Evesfywhere THEmachineryhardestis wearnot duringtakenthebyperiodfarm You Look of peak production, but during the storage periods. Many valuable production units are lost beyond repair

through carelessness in storing.

A machine company gives these suggestions to help prevent this needless waste UNDER THE HOOD All implements machines, and even valvein-head engine, if laid Economical for days, thoroughup only a few should be pulls design, that of exclusive Case ly lubricated immediately after being used. as strong at halfspeed as wide open.

This affords protection to bearings, and Replaceable cylinder sleeves. Posiother critical points. tive pressure, allweather lubricaImplements and machines that are to be tion. Oilbath air cleaner and

laid up until the next season should have complete sealing to keep destructive special attention. Especially bearings, dirt out. Surefire ignition.

wood, rubber, and canvas parts. The first

step in preparing machinery for seasonal storage should be a thorough cleaning, removing all dirt and refuse from cracks and other places that may accumulate moisture resulting in rust. After cleaning, paint overall spots where the metal is exposed. Follow-.BACK HERE

ing this, give the unit a thorough lubrication, Touchcontrolled power lift for and apply a good rust preventive to shares, rear and frontmounted implemoldboards, sickle sections, and guards. ments. Toetouch turning brakes.

Then store in a clean, dry place. Fullswinging drawbar—selflock-

An airtired machine should never be ing, rigid when backing. Deepstored with the weight of the unit on the cushioned seat that pushes up,

tires. Always jack the machine up taking forming a safety backrest when

the weight off the tires, preferably taking you stand. Centrally located, fullthe tires off and storing them in a cool, dry shielded power takeoff.

place, making sure that the tires are free from grease and oil. (Many tire companies recommend washing them with gasoline.) Inflate the tires to normal pressure

and paint them with a I'ubber preservative UP IN FRONT before storing.

Frontmounted, highclearance Canvas parts should be removed and cultivator, easy to see; goes where

rolled then clean as possible, asbrushed up steer. you you steer, WHEN

in avoid dry place.and stored a clean, To steering for easier, Quickdodge

damage by rats and mice, suspend these faster, cleaner cultivation. Clearparts from rafters by wires. The canvas ance for big crops under engine

should be covered with building paper to and axle, also beside front wheels.

prevent damage by birds. Single front wheel or extensible

While preparing machinery for storage, axle available.

make a careful inspection for damaged or worn parts. Order the needed replacements

immediately, and if possible make repairs as soon as the parts arrive. When you have a Case tractor you have four forward gears

to give you the best combination of speed and pull for every

Machine suffering from lack of proper storage field job and for swift, safe hauling. When you do feed grinding or other belt work its rightside pulley is quick to line up

and easy to belt. And you get Case ENDURANCE—the ability

to work long days with little chance for delay, long years with low upkeep.

In the popularpriced Model "VAC"you get full 2-row power—plenty for two plow bottoms under ordinary conditions, one

where plowing is tough. Production of the "VAC"is in full swing,

but thousands of farmers want them. See your Case dealer now;

ask about his arrangements for lowcost financing of time sales with local banks. J. I. Case Co., Racine, Wis.

SERVING FAkMEKS SINCE 1842

FEBRUARY 1947 105.naluiid of LonHclential

ipi NELOHIZEDEK

Analysis of the confidential annual rums. Some quorums consistently keep Those members paying only "part"

reports as they have come to the in close touch with their absent brethtithing should be brought to realize that office,general priesthood committee's tithing letter is a periodicals. is not "part"ren by and quorum a tithe—that the following presentation:prompts are quorums, should All There be taught however, that aptenth. members

pear unmindful of their responsibilities that tithing is not purely a dollarsand-

Priesthood Quorum Presidencies: Weto thoseurgeof thattheir eachnumberpresidencywho are away.make centsfurtherancepropositionof the work,necessarybut a principlefor the

According to section 107 of the Docprovision in its routine to permit brethof the gospel, with promise, obedience trine and Covenants, it is the duty of ren away to be kept constantly in touch to which is part of the preparation for a quorum presidency in relation to its with the quorum and its activity. the blessings of eternal life. If there are

members, to: any in the quorums who are not con-,

Personal Interviews: verted to the principle, it is an evidence

Preside over them they are weak in the faith, and should

To sit in council with them Many quorum presidencies have combe labored with and become converted

To teach them according to the covenants pleted their personal visits and interto the principle as part of the gospel's views, whereas some have not. A few restoration.

Each president of a quorum should may not have understood the full purrealize the effectiveness of "example"pose of the interview: "These interin teaching or rendering counsel, yet views are not intended as inquisitions, Word of "Wisdom

there are some who are neglectful in neither mere questionnaires reduced to Presidents of quorums in addition to the payment of tithes. There are a few factfinding basis, or to 'put brethren observing the Word of Wisdom, should

who do not observe, as they should, on the spot,'but should represent an appeal to their members to observe it the Sabbath day, and the Word of effort by the presidency to determine and should teach them what "observWisdom. There are brethren who seem the needs of their brethren,"and enable ing"it means. Success in this appeal

not to sense fully the importance, to the presidencies to administer accordwill depend largely upon the approach them and their families, of regular faming to the need that exists. Any brother and presentation. Each brother in

ily prayers. Some are neglectful of may be held or reclaimed, if sufficient violation of the Word of Wisdom,

their ward sacrament meetings. Unkindly personal attention is paid to his knows he is in error but is in need of a

doubtedly, there is not one of us who, needs. Do not permit neglect or poor little extra incentive and help, to muster

under sufficiently close scrutiny, would planning on the part of those whose sufficient strength and will power to asnot find that some improvement could duty it is to lead the quorums, to be a sure his conformity. Observance will

be made, to our own interests, and to contributing factor to any brother's denot be achieved through embarrassing the interests of those we serve. linquency. Neither wait until the end of or criticizing the offender, but through

It is certain that the quorums will not this present year to commence your viskind, patient, understanding labor. The

exceed in caliber, the caliber of their its incident to your next report, or to staggering and everincreasing amounts presidencies. "As with the priests, so take up your labors among the memberexpended for liquor and tobacco in our

sufficient presialone ship be should the quorum. of communities Quorum the people."with of each The influence

serious that that this is a and dencies should convince us those to be determined in of presidency, every quorummember all things, should be for good, and each who in the past may have been dilatory, real problem which we are confronted should see to it that he is "about his will not long so remain. Again let us with, whether we take due cognizance

Father's business."stress the importance of keeping in of it or not. Tobacco and liquor interclose contact with the entire quorum ests are continually seeking, and acquirWhereas it is recommended that personnel, meeting each problem as it ing, new adherents to their soulde-

weekly council meetings be held, many arises, and in proper season. stroying traffic. Their gains are always

appear unmindful of the importance of at sacrifice and cost to worthy moral council meetings, and as a result the principle. There is nothing in their

quorum program is not as effectively Church Standards and traffic, its distribution, or its use, that is carried forward as it could be. Church Duties: conducive to human betterment, yet

many are deceived and drawn to it, and

Quorum Finances: Tithing those persisting in their use of these

Quorum funds are trust funds. ExThe quorum presidency having propthings, are sure to reap "the whirlwind."

treme care should be taken in the erly observed the Lord's law of tithe is It is true that it is "in consequence of handling of them, and a proper accountin a strong position to teach this law to evils and designs which do and will exing made. They should be spent only the members of the quorum. In doing ist in the hearts of conspiring men in

upon authorization of the quorum, and so, they not only should declare the the last days"that the Lord has for the purposes for which they were goodness of the Lord to them, and the "warned and forewarned"us by "givcontributed. Should circumstances ever blessings derived through obedience to ing this word of wisdom by revelation."

warrant diversion of funds to other purthe law, but also should acquaint themAll these, and other related matters, poses, it should only be upon specific selves so far as possible with the deep should be kept constantly before the quorum authorization. significance of the principle; its impormembership of the quorums. Care, of

tance to the Church for the building up course, and wisdom must be exercised of the kingdom of God; its relationship in effecting corrections where needed,

Members Living Away from Home: to the Holy Priesthood, as a "standing lest we defeat our own purposes, but

There are yet living away from home, law unto the priesthood forever,"and this is a real challenge, and the quorums many brethren enrolled with the quowhat a "tithing"actually is. should take it up, and triumph!

106 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA NOLIQUOR-TOBACCO COLUMN Conducted by Dr. Joseph F. Merrill

CONDUCTED BY THE GENERAL PRIESTHOOD COMMITTEE OF THE COUNCIL OF THE

TWELVE—JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH, CHAIRMAN; CHARLES A. CALLIS, HAROLD B.

LEE, SPENCER W. KIMBALL, EZRA TAFT BENSON, MARION G. ROMNEY, THOMAS E. MCDrink end More Drink

KAY, CLIFFORD E. YOUNG, ALMA SONNE, LEVI EDGAR YOUNG, ANTOINE R. IVINS A CCORDINGof Americato theconsumedrecord, morethe peoplealcoin any than in 1946 beverages holic only day Lord's the to on do holy,"and Prayer Family history. one their of And year previous compatible is consistent and that which

that with connection in has things commanded we Lord The sad the of worship. spirit of true the with

into that temptalest enter more report is always the"pray we drinking this all do; to is for there much Surely

its influence evil consuming increasestion."and drinking As are women fought and to battles be are yet there

to disposition their pray before. Manywith men, ever than Hquor more will the Church of priesthood won. The althe portion of a notdiminishes. become have Might of women of the its and day work, accomplish control in lost midst our be manifestweaknesses have who diUthrough hastened will be triumph thousandscoholics—people failure conthe therefore, to onattributable have become and themselves of all truth. and duty to adherence gent there their regularly, told to are hold of partthe some drunkards. firmed We indeed must quorums of Presidents in is It inconceivable quite alcohoUcs prayers?family 600,000 than are more with,"and council in "sit "preside,"

office in is to growing. an called brotherthat the number any and America, the to "according their brethren "teach"along get Priesthood, couldthe Holy reevils the expected, be could As covenants."

this to faithful attendancewithout increasalso are drinking from refuture that is some It to hoped be

It is obligation. opportunitysacred and juvenile divorces, homes, in little prompt more will a be ports sultinging—broken negthe to pleasingnot when Lord we acmotorcar crimes, sex delinquencies, in reflect improvement us, reaching and the not are prayers. onlect our them. of We few a only name welfare. general the vital all to phases cidents—to children our teach unless sidesafe we growing is also a there offset, an As

the value and importance of prayer in sentiment in many parts of the country their lives. All members of the Church for local option and prohibition. There

require the strength, the peace, the comics/vtestlond and yv/nSiuerd are three states where prohibition is still that fort, direction, knowledge the and Mississippi, and statewide—Kansas, brother's after a long 57: Question How us, none to will and vouchsafeprayer Presiof sorrow keen (A Oklahoma. his district, should his quorum from removal of prayneglect that which hazardcan renot did that Utah Grant's was dent roll the of quorum? the carried on be name should of Presidents invites.er quorums these did as in 1933 prohibition tain it that is a ascertained 57: Answer When their before this constantly matterkeep counthe of majority states.) three A records have membership brother's ward

attend themselves shouldbrethren, and other the of most and the ties in Kentucky within ward transferred a from been to this sacred privilege. quorum district, it would then be proper to southern states have local option as do

drop his name from the quorum record, but many counties elsewhere in the country.

established long It a until. been has in most not at are work forces Temperance Meeting and Sacrament

folrecord priesthood that man's a policy the of faith the not states. Does the of Observance Sabbath Day words, other record. In his membership lows stand to require them Saints Latterday fully keep raayest more that thou roll of the the carried And on be should his name on drinking abstinence? With total for shalt wcv'.d, thou the unspotted from thyself include district would of which the quorum, chalnot people our are increase, the offer thy up and of prayer house to the recgo his membership in which area the ward

in active more and to more be lenged verily day; For holysacraments upon my is carried. ord

all in beverages to alcoholic to rest from is this unto you a day appointed is if a opposition the procedure Question 58: What

light so! In the unto devotions thy labors, and to payyour their variety? We think quorimi, priesthood with a enrolled brother

the Most High. (D. & C. 59:9, 10.) were to move beyond the district covered by of the fact that "Mormons"constitute

the quorum, into a mission where there was about seventy percent of the population

Any member of the priesthood whose no quorum organization? of Utah and that during the fiscal year

circumstances will permit his attending Answer 58: Since his Church membership 1946, there was paid in Utah about

sacrament meeting, is not wise who fails record is transferred to an area beyond the two hundred eighty percent more for alpriesthood the since jurisdiction, and quorum fiscal year in the than unnecessarily beverages people so. coholicto Many do

it follow, would automatically would record to be real cause their faith have through in the people 1941, our weakbecome the quothe from drop in to order name be the to will. us Let awake and concerned. the Lord's of greatlydisregard word the that it is ascertained record when rum more something the hearing do through face and "faith comes dangersSince we transferred. has record been membership

to afford abcan none of God,"word brother's recomthan we have done about drink. a 59: Question When

in which the place from sent himself he is received and in the ward is read mend the "word"is presented. Each needs to into fellowship in that ward, whose responAlcoholics Anonymous

obtain a forgiveness of sins through sibility is it to see that there is proper priestIn many places there is effective help faith and repentance. Partaking of the hood affiliation? for every alcoholic who sincerely wants

sacrament helps renew faith, mellow the Answer 59: This is a joint, individual and it and who will really cooperate with

soul, and inspire repentance. Every quorum presidency, responsibility. It goes the helpers. These are organized into

member of the Church is strengthened without saying that any priesthood bearer groups known as Alcoholics Anonythrough a renewal of his covenants with should seek proper quorum affiliation. It mous, three of which exist in Salt Lake

that brethren occurs, however, is in to reneed sometimes wants the Lord, and every member who Any alcoholic localities, unduly, City. delay into moving new Spirit realizes he his affliction companionship of the Holy and of the cover from activity. their church of the resumption

which is promised through obedience. Some are inclined to "rest a while."Since must have the help of "a higher power"

Many of the evils in our midst would such tendencies are dangerous and in many may join a group without any cost and disappear if all chose consistently to instances damaging, it becomes the duty of develop into a total abstainer. In such

"remember the Sabbath day to keep it (Concluded on page 112) {Concluded on page 120)

FEBRUARY 1947 107

CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC. EDITED BY LEE A. PALMER.

WARD YOUTH LEADERSHIP 1. Let youth help plan sacrament meetexperiences with principles of the

OUTLINE OF STUDY ings occasionally. Why should boys gospel. and girls be particularly interested in 4. Music—Choruses of Aaronic PriestMARCH 1947 Whysomethingshouldn'tarrangedthe bishopby and callfor aadults?comhoodspondingmembersages shouldand of begirlsgivenof correevery

committee of lateteen-aged youth encouragement and ample opportunity is study This Note: course of priests'or for furnishing for the sacrament music might be his quorum prepared—it

direction the under the Presiding of enof representatives generally or meeting. people School Sunday Young

Bishopric [or presentation during the Mutual Improvement Association joy singing together and especially in monthly meeting youth of the ward is leadergroups. help to here ask them plan key The groups—and

bishleadership to be conducted by the doesn't music This meeting? and sacrament knows mean who a mixedship—someone opric the ward. in each Members of necessarily or is liked youth. conduct and respected that they would by

Priesthood committee Aaronic ward Priestin the and participate but meeting, Aaronic be given 5. Ushering—Different the Latterday for ward committee of in likes alternate their to express an opportunity hood quorums could well

Saint girls are expected to attend this and dislikes. The bishop could always ushering and otherwise assisting the

meeting. check ideas foreign to the spirit and bishop and custodian to prepare the

purposes of the occasion. The very building for worship.

/UR PROBLEM: How Can we make atresponsibility of planning a service will 6. Beautification—Girls'groups could be

beautifor called to the opideas wonderful bishop a asked in and at sacrament tendance meeting more provide girls think flowers, help to chapel. bring the fy portunity might and boys Theyattractive and girls? (Continued to boys

linens of the table the purposes sacrament a through sacrament keep review. meeting and begin to sense their own polish the furniture, or make somethingfrom last month—please clean,

Last month we discussed the purresponsibility for it. with their hands which could be used

poses of the sacrament meeting and how 2. Let each Aaronic Priesthood quorum, in the chapel. There are often artistic,

they could be realized, also the imporunder the direction of the bishopric, secretarial, or mechanical talents in tance of teaching our young people by discuss the sacrament—its purposes and boys and girls which the bishop could

precept and by example the fundathings to remember in its preparation use to advantage in the meetinghouse.

mental purposes of partaking of the sacand administration. Boys should do It would then become their own in a

rament. more than just fit into an established very real sense.

their for chapel Now, we continue our discussion system.should beEachled toboysenseanda eachresponsibilityquorum ideasWhy fornot askbeautifyingyoung peoplethe

with one aim in view, namely, how to for and a sharing in the sacrament servgrounds or decorating the meetinghelp boys and girls feel that the sacraice. Only then will they themselves house? Let them have a voice in such

ment meeting is their meeting, that they feel the greatest reverence and spiritumatters. By definition, an adolescent

have a contribution to make to it, and a ality for this sacred ordinance. is one who is trying to act grownup.

responsibility for its character and 3. Talks by boys or girls in sacrament Why not let him assume grownup

quality. In approaching this theme, we meeting have their place. It would be tasks in the Church?

are working on the assumption that peohelpful if someone acquainted with the 7. Capitalize on the esprit de corps (the

or the adviser group)—If

suggest will occasionallyple love the things to which they give speakingpurposes ofcouldthe meetinghelp youngand peoplethe art ofin spirityouth ofleadera of themselves. What responsibilities the preparation of their talks. Boys that they go to sacrament meeting in a

can be given to youth for the sacrament and girls should be encouraged to think body, and he or she goes with them, service? {Some of these suggestions on their feet rather than to read their perhaps even calls for some of them,

are already in operation; others may be talks and to speak, in their own words, that will give added impetus.

new.) from their hearts and from their own ( Concluded on page 111)

NORTH

CARBON STAKE GIRLS'CHORUS

This chorus of one hundred twelve Latterday Saint girls furnished the music for the recent quarterly conference of the North Carbon Stake. The chorus was

conducted by Thelma Anderson, with Dorothy Niles and Thelma Johnson as piano and organ accompanists. On the stand are the stake presidency and Elder

Albert E. Bowen of the Council of the Twelve.

The chorus was promoted by the stake committee for Latterday Saint girls un der the direction of the stake presidency. Officers of the stake committee are

Mabel Empey, chairman; Edith Ailred, first assistant; Hattie K. Bent, second assistant; Ardes C. McQueen, secretary. Isaac McQueen is in charge of the project

for the stake presidency.

108 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA lMRUEHGCONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC, EDITED BY HENRY G. TEMPEST.

CLlanae in the Stake STAKE COMMITTEE ON WARD TEACHING

of Member PresidencyCoomvYilitee on l/l/am StakeADVISBR eacnun9 HPhe Presiding Bishopric has been auCHAIRMAN thorized to* announce a change in Member of High Council the organization of the stake committee on ward teaching. This action is recommended due to recent changes made

whereby one member of the stake presiSelectedMfMBfRat Large SelectedMEMBERat Large SelectedMEMBERat Large dency becomes the chairman of both the stake Aaronic Priesthood committeeand the stake committee for adult mem- --- -——""

bers of the Aaronic Priesthood. The

scope of these programs is of such Secretary magnitude that it would be quite impossible for the chairman to carry full responsibility in addition to his duties the exception of the chairman, will not, sponsible to the stake presidency for in the presidency; therefore, it is conof necessity, be composed of members the conduct of the ward teaching pro-*

sidered necessary to delegate the deof the high council. gram in the stake. It is his duty to sutails of the programs to the executive The stake committee on ward teachpervise all the activities of the stake

chairman of each of the respective coming, as indicated in the above chart, is committee on ward teaching.

mittees, and they, in turn, will be excomposed of the following members: The three members of the stake compected to devote their full time to the Adviser, (member of the stake presimittee, selected at large, should assist

promotion of these important priestdency); chairman, (member of the the chairman in the promotion of the

hood activities. high council); three committee memprogram, accepting such responsibilities

It is also found that the member of bers, (selected at large); and the secas the chairman may see fit to assign.

the stake Melchizedek Priesthood comretary. The appointment of the secretary of

mittee, serving on the committee, finds it One member of the stake presidency the stake committee on ward teaching difficult to devote the required time to should serve as the adviser to the stake completes the organization. It is the

both programs; therefore, under the committee. He should keep this comduty of the secretary to compile and asnew plan, the stake chairman of the mittee fully organized and functioning semble the reports and mail them to the

Aaronic Priesthood, the stake chairman at all times. Through this contact, the Presiding Bishop's office each month.

for adult members of the Aaronic stake presidency will be fully informed The members of the stake committee

Priesthood, and one member of the as to the current progress and success should visit the wards, giving encourstake Melchizedek Priesthood commitof the work, and in turn, the commitagement, checking to see that ward tee are no longer automatically included tee will be enlightened as to the desires committees are organized properly, proas members of the stake ward teaching of the stake presidency. moting harmony and cooperation becommittee. Three members, selected at The chairman of the stake committee tween ward and stake committees, and

large, may now be chosen to fill these on ward teaching should be a member aiding to stimulate the program where vacancies. The committee now, with of the high council. He is directly reit is needed.

holding the monthly meeting of the He should be in attendance, if pos- <JjiitleS of.haulier'to stake committee. sible, at committee meetings, and although he presides, he should not be exJtake Lommittee on pected to conduct these meetings. Since

ward teaching is one of the most impor- l/i/a/'d eacnina SEND YOURS IN tant functions of the priesthood, the

TThe Presiding Bishopric desire stake presidency should be in constant to have stake and ward comtouch with this program. Through

(Member of Stake Presidency). mittees on ward teaching send in the contact of the adviser, they will

news items, pictures, testimonies, be fully informed as to the current

Tt is suggested that a member of the unusual experiences, and any progress and success of the work, stake presidency serve as adviser to other useful information on the and in turn, the committee will be enthe stake committee on ward teaching. ward teaching program. Items of lightened as to the desires and policies

He should keep this committee fully value will be published on this of the stake presidency. In the end, it

organized and functioning at all times. page. Such practice will provide is his responsibility to inspire and stimuIt is his responsibility, in counsel with ideas that will be stimulating to late those connected with this program

the chairman and committee members, the work. and impress upon them the magnitude

to appoint a regular time and place for and importance of their calling.

FEBRUARY 1947 09 Garvanza Ward, San Fernando Stake,

Excursion to St. George Temple

/N May 24, a few of the Saints gathered at the ward chapel to takeENEHLDGlUm a bus chartered for the trip, while some

GENERAL TEMPLE INFORMATION BULLETIN1947 dayof thebefore.Saints hadTheleftbusin theirarrived,cars andthe

Brother Jess Dewey, our chairman,

Temple Baptisms Endowments Sessions Calendar checked to see if all were present and found that Brother Tiffany was missing. strike, to to a transit 9:00 2:30 Tuesday, Tuesday, he Due ALBERTA had p. for 2:30 p.m. Tuesday, Closes summer August Wed- (at Cardston) a.m. to 11:30 m. Wednesday, 2. 9:00 Thursday, 11. nesday and September Reopens his long so way, waited "thumb"a we a.m. a. 9:00 m., 2:30 a.m., 2:30 for p.m. 7:00 Closes year and December Finally, time. and p.m. decided 7:00 must we we sessions 20, Sealing Tuesday 1947. Reopens January

Thursday. 9:00 7, a.m. Friday, 10:00 1948. a. and leave without he but him from saved was m. and 2:30 p.m. after session. each and disappointment arrived a prayer; he by

while Brother asking the was Dewey ARIZONA Saturday Daily Closes 6:30 p.m. Tuesexcept SatMonday, June for summer blessing the excursion. upon, (at Mesa) urday. a.m. 27. day, 8:30 11:30 I. Lord's Reopens and October

Wednesday, Thursday, Closed November 27. After we were well under way, we held

Friday. 8:30 for year and and Closes December

11:30 19, 1947. 6:30 p.m. a.m. and Janu- a testimony meeting. There was a wonReopens

ary 6. 1948. derful spirit present, and it was a great

privilege to be present, to hear the youngsters for speak were going who Thursday HAWAIIAN sessions p.m. Special Closes Monday 6;00 during for summer

(at Laie) Friday arrangements. Closes for year July. by previous Dethe first time for the to be baptized

cember 20. Reopens Jandead, for the fine remarks and testiuary 2, 1948.

monies of the boys and girls and the of the group. 8:00 Tuesday, IDAHO Saturday and a.m. and 8:00 a. Tuesday, Closes February 12 and rest

FALLS Arriving p. m. m. and 1:00 by 22. Wednesday, I;00 p.m. for conference at the temple the next mornMonday Closes

appointment. Thursday,W e d n e s danda y, Thursday,8:00 a.m., 1:00and p.m.Friday,and Alsoin AprilMay 30,andJulyOctober.4, Noing, we met with the Saints who had

Friday, 8:00 a.m., 6:30 p.m. Sealings, Monvember 1 1 and November already arrived.

27. 1:00 p.m. and 6:30 day by appointment. for Closes summer President Harold S. Snow held a p.m. 23. Reopens July September 2. Closes for year Demost inspiring meeting in the temple for

20, 1947. cember Reopens us. Our bishop was called to speak, 7, 1948. January

and he bore a fine testimony.

Sister her Helvig husband, and both

Tuesday, and Monday Closed for April and Daily except SatLOGAN Saturday Ocblind, sealed had to be to each come p.m. 12:30 8:30 a.m. and tober conference. Also urday.

Thursday, 24. Wednesday, 30. 4, 5, and July May other. of There was a total that day

a.m., Friday, 8:30 for and Closes August summer married, couples nine personal en12:30 6:30 p.m. 2. p.m. and 8. four September Reopens

after sealings Living 11 first Closed November three enand dowments, one hundred and

Saturdays. session for and on 27. Closes year Dethe hundead, and dowments for two session Special on Decem20. cember JanReopens

ber 29 at 8:30 a.m. uary 5, 1948. dred baptisms. We were limited in the

number of baptisms due to a lack of

MANTI By appointDaily except Sat- 9:00 a.m. and 12:30 p.m. Closed for April and Ocnames. The total membership of the

ment only. urday.

on daily.MondayEveningand Thursdaysessions 30toberandconference,July 4. Closesand Mayfor ward represented in the trip was one

at 6:30 p.m. 23. Reopens adults and hundred summer and July ten—sixtythree

2. Closed September Nochildren. fortyseven covered The trip 27. for year Closes vember

December 19, 1947. Re- a total of eight hundred and sixty miles.

opens January 5, 1948. A picture showing some of the group in

front of the St. George Temple apGEORGEST. Saturdaysspecial apby DailyMonday.except 9:006:30 a.m.,p.m. 1:00Eveningp.m. sesand ClosedClosed forJulysummer4 andAugust24. peared on page 654 of the October Era

pointment. sions on Wednesday and 2. Reopens September 23.

Thursday at 6:30 p.m. Closed November 27.

Closes December 20, 1947.

Reopens December 30, 1947. RAIN SKETCH

SALT Daily by apDaily except Sat- 8:00 a.m., 1:30 p.m., 5:00 Closed February 12 and By Grace Sayre

LAKE pointment. urday. p.m. and 6:15 p.m. Living 22. Closed for April and

the high, are mountaintops sealings, conference; October endowments and May WHERE

30. a.m. 8:00 6:00 Closed p.m. for summer and sketched the upon sky Rain clouds

27. for Sealings after the Reopens August June dead

is before dry, the ink smudged first session. 1, Are 11. Closed September Evenings by

11 and sprite inquisitive ward or stake appointment November pert if a 27. As

1. only. Closed December Opens light the across his hands Brushed

for 1947. year 19, Dec.

night. at the of Lines drawn, edge 5. Reopens 1948. January

Eightytwo members of the Salt Lake CityEighth Ward recently spent a day at the IdahoFalls Temple. Attending with the group were C.

Alfred Laxman of the stake presidency, Karl

Weiss of the stake high council, and John Fetzer, a former bishop of the ward. Brother Fetzer,

one of the architects who planned that temple, acted as guide on the tour of the grounds and'the building.

The genealogical committee of the Eighth

Ward has completed the total of 21,558 temple ordinances in the last three years. Five hundred'

ninetythree home teaching visits to families have helped the committee turn in 2,665 family group records and pedigree charts.

Bishop Martin L. Ethington has the enviable

record of attending every ward and priesthood temple excursion. John W. Tobiason is the present genealogical chairman of the ward.—Reported by Theresia B. Weiss.

110 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

. ))

Creating Interest BSfWSSSK In the Classroom ( Concluded from page 87 certain homes where help was needed. In company with their instructors, they became a houseclean-

ing squad. Some of my friends who

were not in the best of health had their homes cleaned and redecorated.

What a hft! What an unexpected

and unheralded bit of religion in action. The students and teachers enjoyed the project thoroughly. It gave

meaning and significance to principles talked about. Teachers obtained a wonderful insight into what

students are thinking and doing.

Common understanding and friendship were promoted between teachers and students, as well as the beneficiaries of their services.

I know of another group in rural

Utah who went to work to improve the ward chapel. I asked the teacher

to summarize the benefits. He said,

"The first value is that of the work What is the notable itself. It was good to improve the feature of this bathroom?

leading hospitals, many why physicians the glory of God, was forchapel—it rl Its radar soap finder use Hexol. and nurses To leave your wash the of community, bettermentthe

I I basin Its gleaming, simply place double use a few drops of the usefulnessand the greater dirt of Hexol dissolves film

I I on a cloth—Its oversize brush for the pride It increasedbuilding. and practically with rubbing. no because And twins washing

loyalty of the students. They acit's a quick and effective cleaner and dequired greater skill as mechanics, and Because two people can use it at the same odorant, Hexolleaves toilet bowls sanitary.

they certainly discovered new postime,doublethisuse.bathroomHexol germicideis noteworthydoes doublefor its Justa fewpourminutes,a few dropsthen flush.in the bowl,You'll letlikestandits

sibilities in group cooperation. Some duty, too fights germs and cleans. That's fresh, clean odor!

were inspired to try similar efforts on their own homes and yards."

It is hopeless and useless to fight the restless current of youthful energy. It can be guided into useful

accomplishment. Lessons may become a part of the students* thought

and life. Religion can be thought

about and understood and put to work in practical forms. Intelligent

and devoted teachers may become partners in the process.

Aaronic PriesthoodHow can you increase the

Outline of Study utility of your bathroom?

( Concluded from page 1 08 Add jetpropelled wash cloths

Questions: [1 Add windshield wiperfor mirror

1 are interested Illustrate people wherein a dressing table given of n Add they have which the things toin addition of is The a dressing a table charmcontribute. they whichthemselves—to

to ing increase the way usefulness of your list: (a) Contributhe blackboard 2. On bathroom. adding By Hexol germicide to

to thetions and girls make which boys now water, cleaning walls, tile floors, bathroom other (b) and meetingsacrament will tub opportuand sparkle like fresh GERMICIDE ANTISEPTIC magic—smell latter. the of one or twonities. Try as clean and a spring morning. is a Hexol

3. Wherein can the Aaronic Priesthood modern germicide—powerful, yet easy on DEODORANT

adviser or the Latterday Saint girl leader the hands because it's noncaustic. Try

help personally to bring young folk to Hexol, it's so pleasant to use. On Sale at All Drug Counters

church?

FEBRUARY 1947 m M-MEN GLEANER

'i

"Is my Mommy smart!"

'Bout the time I got fed up with drinking so much milk, Mommy started making yummy rennetcustards so I could eat part of it! They taste different every day."

The rennet enzyme in "Junket"Brand

Rennet Tablets makes rennetcustards even easier to digest than ordinary milk.

Eating rennetcustards is just the same as drinking milk because they aren't cooked... that's why they're so easy to make.

Baby loves them, and Daddy too! Why

don't you try serving rennetcustards for dessert today?

Make rennetcustards with either "Junket"Rennet Tablets—not sweetened

or flavored—add sugar and flavor to taste;

or "Junket"Rennet in six popPowder—Murray... hopped npHE flavors, ular already sweetened. Both at

in the posed all grocers. of MFestivalMen andChorus,Gleanerscomof bundledon a truckin andcoatswentand carolscarfssinging Write "Junket"Brand Foods,

Division of Chr. Hansen's Laboratory, Inc, the Murray Second Ward, was organvicinity of the ward, the first time peoDept. 72, Little Falls, N. Y., for free ized by Maxine Thomason and directed ple in this territory had known of such

sample of "Junket"Rennet Tablets. by Tess Hall Kelly. They sang without Christmas cheer. Monday found them

thought of compensation. Their recaroling for the city of Murray and at

ward came in the joy and fun they had various children's Christmas programs.

climax the Christmas carol season WORTH W AITING FOR in going from place to place singing To strong, eve, forty they all the Hospital, at the Children's JUHKET Freezing Mix ChristmasThis welltrainedcarols. group of young folk onsangChristmas

"'"'it Pacific train hotels, as Union met the "the platform debut grand on made their Q"'* BRAND station, at into the pulled the end and First on Second South and between Dessert Danish to invited govthe of the evening were all their voices rang out where Main DS over the city by way of the huge speakernor's mansion to sing for the "royal"asfamily. is chorus of this the The success"JUNKET"trademark of buildings. the Chr. high ers erected above Hansen's

Laboratory, Inc., for its rennet other and carol singing a traditional its being at the featured Sunday sures is wereproducts, food They and registered in the S. U. and Canada.

School program at the Second Ward group and will be heard and rememand gave atmosphere to the Sunday bered for many Christmases to come.

evening service. After Church they—Reported by Maxine Thomason.

quorum that a brother has been ordained to eicklzedeh j-neitkood an office in the priesthood, he should be invited to participate with the quorum and a {Concluded from page 107) welcome extended. Then after his name has

a priesthood officer, knowing of the new been formally presented and the quorum brother's arrival in the quorum district, to manifests its willingness to receive him into see that undue delays are avoided. Some fellowship, his name should be placed on the

brethren are hesitant to form new connecquorum record.

tions, and this timidity may be overcome if Question 61: Is it desirable that all breththe quorum presidency is fully alert to its ren holding the priesthood, residing within

opportunities. a quorum area, be enrolled with the proper

Question 60: When a brother has been quorum having jurisdiction?

properly recommended and ordained to an Answer 61: IMost assuredly yes. In the

office in the priesthood, what is the proceinterests of all concerned, no brother should dure necessary to get his name enrolled with be in neglect, neither neglected, to the point

TEA GARDEN also makes SYRUP the priesthood quorum? that would permit his name not being found

ELIY * MARMALADE GRAPE JUICE Answer 60; As soon as it is known by the on a quorum roll.

112 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Maverick Pine Nuts (Concluded from page 67) sters talked of that scout and interpreter. Uncle Kumen, and crippled

Bishop Nielson whose faith had quelled warring Navajos, and the Englishman

Carlisle and his herd of cattle. We

spoke of Old Posey whose warped mind constantly found trouble, and of the selling of Elk Mountain to the white man for three ponies and twentyXl five silver dollars.

Later, halfasleep, I heard the pine nuts dropping on the dry pine needles, and I wondered if the stars always shone over Maverick so intensely bright and were always so close. A night owl

hooted near the spring. I wondered if

is still a longthe children were warm enough under The day of new cars for everybody their heavy tarp—could that tiny red way in the future.

glow across the canyon be the Utes we had seen... pine nutting was such

... fun....

The Spoken Word [Concluded from page 93) **=5 would be little or no new discovery. So it is necessary to continue giving your car the

Life would be wasted in finding what best possible care.

has already been found. Men of old

have left us comparatively little that

is left tangible, they have but us {PEP\ 7LATLAS.

profitable: that is the greatmuch

treasure of their experience, the Pep 88 Ethyl Pep 88 Regular Vico, Quaker State Atlas great heritage of revealed and disGasoline Gasoline Motor Oils Products covered truth. Jesus of Nazareth, That's why the use of good products is necessary.

for example, left us no tangibles.

History does not record that he owned any. But he left us a way of

life that has within it the answers to the human problems that beset this and every other generation. But, to

speak in the vernacular, in many things we seem to insist on "starting from scratch"again and again. And

it a habit to drive into Pep 88Vico stationsoften in bruised belligerency we beat Make our way through life, extravagantly and dealers for highest quality products and for proving what multitudes of men have conscientious car care.

proved myriad times before, foolishly fumbling and faltering where UTAH OIL REFINrNG COMPANY 'iip;;

others have fumbled and faltered.

If we don't actually throw away the maps, at least it would often seem that we choose to ignore them. We

look with puzzled pity upon the prodigal son who wantonly wasted inherited property. But deliberately Your cleaning

throwing away experience from reliable sources is of the same cloth and color as deliberately throwing away tangibles. And if children PARtner!

were always to disregard all that parents have learned—all that all

men have proved about life—it The Quality Soap for

would but mean the needless multiplying of many mistakes. PARticular Housewives

Copyright 1947—December 29, 1946,

FEBRUARY 1947 113 Let's Talk It Over (Continued from page 97) you and I. But they are worth hstening to-—hstening carefully and considerately.

Among this latter group are our parents whose concern for our welfare is as earnest as our own. While

they may not have "all the answers,"certainly they have great love for us and are desirous of directing us to purposeful living. Another group to

whom we should listen carefully and considerately consists of the leaders of our Church who are anxious to help. We can read their advice and

listen to them and then weigh and consider for ourselves and reach our own conclusions.

pERHAPS this doesn't help us greatly in deciding what or whom we can believe, but it should suggest a

For instance, we all know few ideas. Regardless time of serve to

but travel is a thorough your needs. that experience GreyWhether or place—youit's 20 miles.200can dependmiles...2000on Greyhoundmiles,

hovmd service is ready when you are. sometimes severe teacher. Indeed,

Schedules timed convenience, for your low fares and comfortable there are some experiences of life buses will give comfort, extra pleasure. you extra

Call your local Overland Greyhound Agent for complete informasuch as great sin, which are so tion about frequent schedules to any point in America. severe, that we spend considerable

effort avoiding them. Since we have

neither the time nor the desire to gain Operated by INTERSTATE GREYHOUNDTRANSIT LINESUNION PACIFIC STAGES, INCORPORATED all knowledge out of personal experience, we must develop to the fullest our own powers of discernment.

In doing this, a few suggestions might prove helpful. We have been

told many times in many ways that the printing of a statement does not insure its truth. The great majority of

Increase your yield'books, magazines, and newspapers

Cuf cosfs each day—are—topublishedsell. AndfortooneinsuremajorthepurposecarryUse rRONAGE Planters ing out of this purpose, they often

[mm Wifh BandWay. cater to the sensational and lurid. 1W yORK.P*.

Tests have proved that the great

POTATO AND VEGETABLE "reading public"is more interested

PLANTERS AND TRANSPLANTERS in the unhappy, sordid, unfortunate

Farmers using BANDWAYIn yields andfertilizerpositiveplacementsavings Ingetfer-a events of life than in the more normal increase definite tliese advantages: of tilizer—because

SAVES OPERATION ONE bed, seed prepare planters place TIME—BANDWAYfertilizer, plant and happypublicationsaffairs.leanConsequentlyheavily in thismanynegoperation, in a single cover

BANDWAY, ferative direction. Popular books arc

to tlie seed, m SCIENTIFICtilizer is placedPLACEMENT—Withsclent ifioalij in relation with no danger of burniny often deliberately salacious. A west0LESSeliminatesFERTILIZERwaste in planting,REQUIRED—BANDWAY em writer had an honest and fasis AgeadjustablePotato toPlanters,all soil cinating novel returned to her from % conditionsFLEXIBILITY—BANDWAY... used on Iron

Transplanters. Planters and the house with eastern publishing by an

are everywhere, adoptedwho growers ofDEPENDABILITY—Already leading PROVENVegetablethousands gladly that it would statement results obtained outstanding enthusiastic the about

with BANDWAY. publish her book if she would "liven

Write for complete Information TODAY. it even offered sex with and up"

PLANTERS DUSTERS SPRAYERS so. help her do WEEDERS to DIGGERS TRANSPLANTERS

MACHINERY SPECIAL PRESSES CONVEYORS JUICE scientific are books Nor dependable—else they wouldalwaysnever iimMlr:wii6Mscd. become obsolete. "Exact sciences"0 are constantly making corrections A. B, FARQUHAR COMPANY and taking new positions, and some moHAGE

FARM EQUIPMENT DIVISION of the "facts"of yesterday become 114 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA..

Let's Talk It Over some of the "discards"of today. Inexact sciences—such as philosophy,

psychology, and sociology, are even more suspect. These studies have

benefited many. One girl who took

a psychology course a few years ago was greatly helped to an understanding of her unhappy, jealous feehngs.

Nevertheless, these studies have definite boundaries beyond which they cannot honestly go, and should be studied with an open, discerning mind.

We can learn to discriminate in our reading. Literature is seldom a

"bookof-theweek"choice. Literature has borne the test of time. It is

Shakespeare and Browning—and, of

course, many others. Even "modern

literature"is so judged by experts who test it by certain timeless truths and values. By these same standards,

scripture becomes not only the greatest of literature, but also the ageless account of the temporal and spiritual experience of mankind in all generations. It becomes a basic educator of

our own powers to select. handles anything

And that is the great task for each does everything of learn to choose us—to COATS select—to

hfred "PLUS man"handles dirt, sand, gravel, cobs, lime, anything—manure,wisely. tools this for task, As we Thiscoal, loads, hauls, snow—it mixes, finger froni tip control

the driver's seat. all ofhave developing our just natures. More than a lifts,"loader,"excavates,it givesfills—by you extras many in speed,

economy, ease of operation, including: hearts, have our minds and ourWe

bodies, and our spirits. Fortunate is "Miracle"Telescoping Frame, permits loading within a few inches

he who learns to use them well. oflessthestrainfront onwheel.your 3tractor.foot loading clearance at peak of lift with 30%

Every experience in life will conNo-slipno-bind, tapered wood cone clutch.

tribute to our powers of discernDouble cable controlled lift, prevents frame twist.

steel construction, electrically All welded.

Automatic bucket control, prevents swinging.ment if it is met with zest and intelligence. Our minds will learn to Automatic brake, stops and holds load at any level.

weigh and value and select accordStrongest factory guarantee in the industry.

fit loader bucket.

or Loader,ing to a sound and fortified judgAskFits anyyour rowdealercropabouttractor.the EXTRAHay buckadvantagesand snowyoubucketget withattachmentsa Coatsment. write This judgment is based on for free circular NOW.

fundamental truths, which we make make. and.. there'stype ofa tractorCoats Loaderexcept forcrawlersevery...

our own as we come to know our

Father in heaven and his prophets in MOUNTAIN STATES IMPLEMENT CO.

all times. OGDEN. UTAH

—forOurconscienceconsciencesis notwill static.becomeUnderacute

the promptings of prayer, and the cultivation of obedience, it becomes a sensitized instrument for living.. THE ERA WE OrfER. "What can we beheve?"Parts of A COMPLETE

many things. All of some things. Jt magazine to huua home

"Whom can we trust?"Almost evENGRAVING SERVICE

eryone ana the (church From with Missionary Portraits to the Largest extent—but Catalogues.varying our Fatoreservations—andsome

ther in heaven constantly. And in Mail Orders Given Prompt Attention

the end—we can come to trust ourselves—or at least to have a conUTAH ENGRAVING CO.

fidence, based on prayer and humili12 Issues $2.00 113 Regent St. Salt Lake City, Utah

ty, that what is right for us will be rmade known to us.

FEBRUARY 1947 115 THE CHURCH MOVES ON

{Continued /rom page 95) R. T. Blomquist, Salt Lake City; Elizabeth

Eastern States: Hugh Barnes, Lava Hot NOTE RobertFinch Boswell,H. Boswell,San Francisco,San Francisco,California;CaliIdaho. Springs,

Hawaiian: Ira A. Maxfield, Salt Lake From the Presiding Bishop's fornia; Thomas Robert Cope, Arcadiei,

Ellen Utah; Smith, Arizona; Mesa, Office Salt City; Beatrice B. Maxfield, N. Mary

Silas Smith, Arizona. J. Mesa,L. D.

City.Lake Charlette Central States: Julia North H. "TUE to an error in entry in the Alice Betty Brimn, England: Ann New Buckley, Oregon; LaGrande, Louis Revert

Salt Lake City; Peter A. Brunn, Salt Lake Northern California Mission Buckley, LaGrande, Oregon; Beverly Ure,

City; Douglas Walter Scott, Salt Lake Annual Reports, the names of ElWashington, D.C.

City. len Laverne Bailey King and Northwestern: Beverley Mae Anderson,

Grantsville, Cottle, Utah; Luella TrenBea California: Northern Dalton. Marian erFrederick James King were

ton, Utah. Salt City; Tomlinson, Samuel Lake Ogden, roneously reported excommuniGriffin, States: Southern Layton EsFinch, CaliforFrancisco,Utah; lona San cated from April the Church Lillie 2, calante, Griffin, Utah; Es- C. LaRue

nia; Jixlian, Arizona; Kenneth Mesa, Ula M. calante, 1945. Utah.

Palmer Julian, Mesa, Arizona. Spamsh'American: Orpha Laudie, Provo,

North Central States: Clara D. S. HamUtah; Alice Louise Watts, Provo, Utah;

bleton. Salt Lake City; Jay Kellogg Oakley, Leah Melvie G. Moffett, Ogden. Utah; NorSalt Lake City. Southern States: Osmer D. Flake, Phoeman David Moffett, Ogden, Utah; Orin

Utah. Provo, Nelson Romney, nix, States: BenSouthern Arizona; Claude Maurice John Johnson, Edward CowSt- TexasLouisiana: Para Wallace, Lee ley, B. Falls,son, Cutler, Wyoming; Lena Johnson, Salt Idaho; Cowley, Idaho Ralph George, Utah. Wyoming; Proctor, Salt Homer LeRoy City; Virginia Cutler, Salt L. B.Lake Lake Phil States: Powell, GlenWestern J. City; Lake William H. Young, Tucson,City; Arizona. Huish, Willard Mesa, Snow Utah; Arthur Poulson, wood, Mialando Arizona.

Kathleen Spanish'American: Zimdel, Richfield, Utah. Texas'Louisiana: William LeRoy WarCalifornia.Chico, Jacqueline Canadian: Western Layton ner, Richfield, Utah; T. Martha WarAlberta, Lethbridge, Newby, Canada. TexasLouisiana: Albert George Marner, Richfield, Utah; Christiansen, Frances J.

chant, Salt Lake City; Lily Hales Marchant, Logan, Utah; Emanuel J. Fostrom, Salt

Salt Lake City; John J. McGregor, Ogden, Lake City; Austin E. Hollingsworth, PresExcommunications

Utah; Valborg J. J. McGregor, Ogden, ton, Idaho; Rozella W. Kofoed, Weston, T\errel Leonard, born June 16, 1895; no

Idaho; Harrison George Kofoed, '- Wespriesthood.Utah. Excommunicated August

ton, Idaho; Ernest Olsen, Richmond, in the 12, 1946, Price Third Carbon Ward, Oviatt, Canadian: Western Idonna V.

Utah; Sidney C. Grover, Rymer, Utah; Stake. Alberta,Claresholm, Canada. D. Henry Watson, Utah; Ogden, Mary Isabelle Arnold, 6, born October Mary States: Herbert DickerWestern Udy Elizabeth Watson, N. Utah; Ogden, Eliza 1905. in 2, 1946, August Excommunicatedson, Utah. Mendon, S. Zollinger, Annie Providence, Utah; the Stake. Englewood Denver Ward,

Zollinger, Henry Moroni Providence, error in to in entry the an Due Note: October Utah. California Mission Northern Annual ReCalifornia: Ivan Winegar Layton, Salt States: Western Thelma Taylor, Farmports, the of Ellen Bailey names Laverne

Francis City; Layton, ing EvelynLake Mann Mexico; Maurine Hansen, ton, New Frederick erKing and James King were

City;Salt Briggs, Richard Preston, Lake Azer Idaho; MaLoi Beth K. Cowers, reported Los roneously excommunicated from

grath, Alberta, Canada; Waterhouse Angeles, James California; Karl Bates West; 1945. April 2, the Church

Cokeville,Buckley, Wyoming. Arizona. Mesa, Levi Clough, born April Benjamin 22,

States: Roghaar, Central Grace, John Western Canadian: Elizabeth H. ChatSeptember 23, 1946, ExcommunicatedIdaho; terton, Roghaar, Heide Grace Der Van Claresholm, Alberta, Canada; Edna in1881. British the Bradford Mission. Branch, Idaho; Ellis FrancisGrace, Anderson, Rasmussen, Oak M. Alberta, Raymond, Canada. Hugill Florence Clough, born SeptemberCity, Clarence Hurst, Utah; Blanding, Ray

Utah; Maude Carpenter Wiley, Antimony, NOVEMBER 24, 1879. Excommunicated September 23.

Utah. California: Henry Elmer McNeill, Ameri1946, in the Bradford Branch, British MisEast Central States: Martha Lucille Ancan Fork, Utah; Mabel P. McNeill, Amerision.

derson, Los Angeles, California; Riego Stay can Fork, Utah; Wilford W. Clark, Tom Elkington, bom January 12, 1907;:

Sandy, Utah;Hawkins, Henry James SulGeorgetown, Idaho; Albert W, Bonham, 9, 1946,. Excommunicated November

livan, Salt City; Clearfield, Arthur Swenson, Lake John Charles Utah; A. Halverson, Ogelder.in British Branch, the Bradford Mission.

Falls, Pearl Idaho; Puckett den, AnnieTwin Utah; Flora R. Halverson, Oqden, Flake, Marjory Thelma Kuehner borm Fztlls, Idaho.Swenson, Utah. Twin

Eastern States: Marcell Ervin Schmutz, Canadian: Thomas N. Perkins, Thayne, July 2, 1918. Excommunicated October 27,

St. George, Utah; Annie Elizabeth B. Wyoming. 1946, in the Snowflake Ward, SnowflakeSchmutz, St. George, Utah; John Taylor Central States: Alice May Brewer, Mesa, Stake.

Neilson, St. George, Utah; Joseph Alfred Arizona. Edith Aurelia Jackson Fougner, bom May

Jenks, Rupert, Idaho. Eastern States: Mildred Beth Soffe, San25, 1904. Excommunicated November 13,.

Colonia Rinda Mexican: Abegg, T. Utah; Juady, Wilford Mil- A. Wohlgemuth, 1946, in the South Dakota District, North,

rez; JuEurez; Colonia Moroni Lehi Abegg, waukee, Wisconsin; Donna Belle Heywood, States Mission. CentralCamilla Brown, Colonia Chuichupa; Salt City, Utah; Lake Mildred Lucille

Theresa Famsworth, Colonia Dublan; Isaac Skousen, San Bernardino, California. Melvin Engwald Fougner, bom January

Albert Jarvis, Colonia Juarez; Teresa MarEast Central: William Henry Garner, 9, 1896. Excommunicated November 13,

tineau, Colonia Juarez; Reed George RomNorth Ogden, Utah; Sarepta Jeanette G. 1946, in the South Dakota District, North.

ney; Colonia Juarez; Nylis Skousen, ColBrown, Idaho Falls, Idaho; John Alfred Central States Mission.

onia Juarez. Brown, Idaho Falls, Idaho; John Robert Constance Meredith Gibson Link, bom

iVeif England: Edna Groen, Ogden, Marquess, Winslow, Arizona; Dorothy May 16, 1925. Excommimicated NovemSalt JulieUtah; Andresen, Mildred Victory Peterson, Pleasant, Lake Mt. Utah. 27, ber 1946, in the Crestmoor Ward, Den*City. Call, Mexican: Colonia Dublan, Hannah ver Stake. Enos, G. CaHfornia: Northern Henry Chihuahua, Mexico; Lunt, Maurine Colonia

Elaine McFarland, bom. Joy McWilliams Everton, Colorado;Denver, Pearl K. Laura Juarez, Chihuahua, Mexico.

Logan, Utah; Walter M. Everton, Logan, New England: Harold W. Dance, BlackMay 15, 1921. Excommunicated November

Utah; Wesley A. Glauser, Logan, Utah; foot, Idaho; Ephraim Y. Moore, Moab, 13, 1946, in the Halifax Branch, New EngClyde Gray, Central, Utah; Violet S. Gray, Utah; Grant A. Wadsworth, Panaca, Neland Mission.

Central, Utah; George H. Hall, Ogden, vada; Frances Jo Wadsworth; Panaca, NeGuy Lester Nusbaum, bom Jime 10, 1916.

Utah; Esther E. Howell, Logan, Utah; vada; Verla Fae G. Wamsley, Weston, Excommunicated December 9, 1946, in theSanders, Idaho;Carl Idaho. A. Lund, A. C. Selma Mission Park Stake. Pasadena Ward,

Idaho.Sanders, Lund, California: Northern Jepson, Delma Melvin born October 12, 1917, J. Roger, States: L. Rees, Northern Arizona; Phebe Charles Petersen, Eagar, M. A. Ogelder. Exconmiunicated 1946,. 27, October den, Utah.Logan, Petersen, B. Utah; Utah; Ogden, Dora

Northwestern States: Frederick Barfus, Lydia T. M. Sorensen, Emery, Utah; in the Snowflake Ward, Snowflake Stake.

Bancroft, Idaho; Vasco Call, Gridley, CaliGeorge B. Wilson, Hurricane, Utah; Mrs. Edward Daniel Scherer, bom November

fornia. Susan Cox Wilson, Hurricane, Utah; Eben (Concluded on page 1 19)

116 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

TWO IS COMPANY (Continued from page 81) "But I know Bill Sparks, Beth. If She went in the bedroom and shut

Patterson. Maybe he'd need a good I can give Perk a recommendation the door, tears flooding her eyes.

mechanic."After a moment Vic came in. There

"Might at that,"Vic said. "I know "Perk's a big boy now, Vic. Big was a hurt look in his eyes.

Bill. He'd be a swell guy to work enough to get a job by himself.""We were late, and you were

for."She tried to keep her voice light. worried. Okay, so I'm sorry, honey.

"Don't you think you'd have a "Gosh, Beth, it's little enough I But we didn't commit any crime. I

better chance of finding a job back can do for the kid after what he did don't get it, Beth. All of a sudden

in Pleasantville where you're for me."you've got no use for Perk!"

known?"She disregarded Vic's She thought frantically, "This She could have told him the truth

look...warning forever could. always go on Perk then, that but she didn't. She knew

just a little "Oh, Pleasantville's of just us."... never the two fine something Perk represented and

I'm Beth,"town, he said. life, "Someday Vic, your saved "Perk and courageous in Vic's life. Why degoing back there and open up grateful to him, my I'm but you have do stroy that!own garage, but—to spend the rest of your life paying

"I should think your mother him back?"She felt farther apart from Vic

now than she had been in the twowould want you back now."He didn't answer her. He thrust

"Mom's the most understanding his hands deep in his overcoat years he'd been away.

—well, she knows that this is my pockets and walked out. She heard

big chance!"the front door close. i>l EXT morning she awoke

"You had your big chance, and Miserably she watched the car with a sense of deprivation. Then

you gambled it away,"she thought. drive away. Maybe she had built up she remembered what had happened

"To the tune of $350."There'd a case against Perk, a case prejthe night before.

been no mistaking that sunbleached udiced by jealousy and suspicion. As usual Perk was asleep on the

hair through the window. The sharp ring of the telephone floor by the couch only partly cov-

"I've got Bill Sparks'address. I startled her. It was Amy. "I've ered by the blanket. "Got the habit

thought I'd go over and see him tomeant to call you all day, Beth. sleeping in foxholes,"he'd told her.

night,"Perk said. What happened to Vic's buddy? His pajamas were pulled up showHer heart beat hopefully. If only He never did show up, and—ing his long skinny legs. Unconhe would be gone the whole evening! So Perk had lied! And he'd lied sciously, she bent to pull the blanket

Then she could talk to Vic, clear up about the other things, too. She finup over his shoulder. Then she

the misunderstanding between them. ished her conversation with Amy straightened, stifling the feeling of

"I wondered if you'd go with me, and hung up. She would tell Vic; tenderness. Perk had committed theVic? After all you know Bill, and—let him see just what kind of person unforgivable. He had used Vic's

She held her breath. Surely Vic Perk was. loyalty to gain his own selfish ends.

wouldn't go. He was as upset over She made Perk's bed on the couch. Perk had come between them.

their first quarrel as she was. She This would be the last time. TomorBreakfast with Vic was a silent

saw a waiting look in Perk's eyes, row Perk could get out on his own affair. He looked as if he had slept

too, and it was as if by his answer or go back home. badly, too.

Vic would choose between them. But time passed, and Vic did not "Would you please waken the kid

"Why, sure, kid,"Vic said, "I'll return. Maybe he was so angry with about ten?"he said. "Bill wants him

be glad to go with you."her he wouldn't come back. Someto come at noon. He'll have to buy Perk said, "Thanks, Vic,"and he thing had happened—maybe he'd work clothes."He placed a ten dollowered his eyes, but not before she let Perk drive the car. The streets lar bill on the table. He seemed to

saw the look of triumph in them. were slick with ice. By two o'clock read the quick objection in her eyes.

ill with worry. Then she "He gave me the shirt off his back,She put her fork down. She had she was

heard that men in battle grew as saw the car drive up in front of the Beth. He tore it into strips and made

close spiritually as brothers. For apartment. a splint for my broken leg."

breezed in as nonchalantly They Perk'seighteen feverridden days didn't kiss her goodbye, and He if they her waiting for hadn't kept bit as only face the beenhomely had feeling the despair of deepened. At hours.

cling. toof sanity had had Vic MayIt ten she Perk. woke was the first

be his gratitude to Perk was greater "Vic, I've been almost crazy with time they had been alone together, than his love for her. worry."and there was none of the gay light-

"Gosh, I'm sorry, honey. We hearted manner. She could feel the

Ohe was washing dishes went to see Bill. Perk got the job. bristling antagonism between them.

when Vic came into the kitchen. He We started talking about the war. "I think it's fine about your job,"

had his hat and overcoat on. Bill is a navy man, and to hear him she said finally. "I understood May "We won't be long,"he said. talk, well—the time just passed—Daynes to say that her mother would She faced him, trying to keep her Perk ambled towards the kitchen, have a room—

lips from trembling. She had thought "I'm hungry. Any pie left?""Oh, I'd rather stay here,"Perk

her pride too great, but she heard "No, there isn't!"She snapped. said quickly. He avoided her eyes.herself saying, "I thought you'd There was, but Perk wasn't going "It's close to work, and—

stay with me, Vic."to have it. [Concluded on page 118)

FEBRUARY 1947 117 TWO IS COMPANY ( Concluded icom page 117) and the countless ones? You'll never old then. I thought I could run it I lost every cent—"But, surely, Perk, you must see your money—that's why he into a fortune.

realize that the apartment isn't large wasn't waiting for you. He's skipped "But why. Perk, why?"

enough for three. You'll have to get "I was afraid if I got on my own

a place of your own. May's mother "That's not the truth. Perk you'd forget about me. She's right,

has Vic, dickens the Only give you room and board. I wouldn't—whatcouldinquire—can thinks low. so you're been come over you? Perk aI—Inogoodknew youcouldwouldn'thave

"Don't bother."he said slowly, swell!"kick me out as long as I needed you.

"I can find a place.""I was hoping I wouldn't have to I was even jealous of Beth. I wanted

Now that she had told him he tell you this, Vic. I wanted your it to be just the t"wo of us again."

must go, she felt suddenly generous. memory of Perk to be something "I still don't get it!"There was

"Would face. blind, you like me to pack a lunch fine. in Vic's look so a bewildered But now—you'refor you?"real hat darling. the tight he so can't even see Perk held the new You

"No—thank you, Beth. You've alPerk. Can't you understand that a mashed the crown in. "It's just

ready done too much for me."His man can be a hero in war, but a heel well, you were the first man who'd

eyes met hers then, and the look in in civilian life?"been good to me, Vic. Gosh, you

heart. tore at her whenthem Once in interest Beth!"mean, liked an you took what "Say me—you fol- a child had ashe stray dog was I last night. tag called along with me did. You let Perk what me "Amy

lowed her home. But Dad told him didn't even go to look for the room. you. That time I rescued you, it

to "get."As the dog turned to go, He lied about that. The day he wasn't just you I was saving. I—-I

he had looked up at her, and there claimed someone had robbed him of was trying to hold to something I'd had been that same sad look in his his money, I saw him playing poker wanted all my life. You and Beth

eyes. at the Star Club. He never has don't know what that's like, Vic. Her impulse was to say, "Oh, you looked for a job. He's spent his time You've got each other, and—

can stay. Perk. We'll manage and your money going to picture "But your family back in Pleasantsomehow!"Then she called herself shows, playing pool. He's a phony, ville, Perk,"she said. The thinga fool. It was an impossible situaVic, A nogood—didn't make sense.

tion. Perk didn't answer, but his eyes

Vic came home alone that Ihe ashen look on Vic's met hers, and she thought of the night. He held out his arms to her, face stopped her, and she followed stray dog again, the stray, homeless

and for awhile they stood there holdthe direction of his eyes to find Perk dog, and she understood. There

ing tight to each other. standing in the doorway. He was wasn't any family back in Pleasant-

"It's been a long day, darling,"he wearing a new brown felt hat. He ville. No Mom or Pop or sister Ellen

said"Endless—huskily. hand.took it off, held it awkwardly in his whoany Buddy.was very...talented. There wasn't "No'more quarreling, sweet—"Came back to get my suitcase,"Perk picked up his suitcase.

"Not ever."Perk was gone. There he said. "Got a room over on Twen- "Guess I better shove off. Bill has

was nothing to quarrel about. tieth."the money, Vic."

"Perk come home yet?"Vic Vic walked over to him. For a Vic put a hand out as if to stop

whistled as he hung his coat in the moment she thought he was going to him, then looked back at her and let closet. put an arm around Perk, but he it drop. Perk opened the door.

his in pockets, his hands shoved they'd never yet."Maybe "Not..."the "Perk from name came forth, paced back and told herself again. shesee She him gentle, heart, voice her and was I her heard, Perk. sorry "I'm you in the glad, yet same momentwas bit like to a you "Wouldn't have this for had happen wouldn't have boyish Perk's rememberingshe was of gO'us with before supper back you in world. the Beth anything was enintense thelaugh, he had way pie to apple There's your an room? tired. didn't she what was know She thing they smallest the evenjoyed

left."aren't sorry, you, She's saying. together,did

Vic lounged in the doorway while Beth?"His look scorched her. Perk didn't answer. It must have

for that a full stood minute been he said. Perk a minute,"I've salad. "Think the preparedshe "Vic—just to his with his them, back on hand at Beth. She was "Don't be mad pretty swell kid fixed in a upgot the

job, honey. There were a dozen giving it to you straight."the doorknob, and when he turned

other fellows wanting it, but it made Vic's laugh was indulgent. "Now around his eyes were clear with a

a difference with his being able to look, kid, you don't have tO'try and newwashed brightness.buy into the business."shift the blame—"I sure would, Beth. Apple pie's

She turned, her face colorless. "A man'll take the blame, Vic. my favorite."

"Oh, Vic—your

throat, toes aren't mashed. You'll find an—you didn't—five hundred dollars eightGuesshours."I've grownHe clearedup inhisthe last "Well, come on, then. The pota-

"He'll pay it back, Beth. The but his voice still came out dry and apron on the hook by the cupboard."

kid's bound tO'make a go of it. He's unsteady. "She was right—about She saw the look in Vic's eyes.a whiz with tools—everything. I did lie about that room, He was putting her back on the

"The same way he's paid back the I haven't been looking for work. And pedestal again, fully aware that she

tens he's borrowed, and the fives, that $350. I acted about six years had feet of clay.

118 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA THE CHURCH MOVES ON

(Concluded from page 116) 2-i, 1901; elder. Excommunicated December 2, 1946, in the Emigration Ward, Park

Stake.

Robert Barton Soderborg, bom June 8, 1910. Excommunicated April 1, 1946, in

the Ogden Fifth Ward, Mount Ogden

Stake.

William Ola Thompson, born May 6, 1883. Excommunicated November 13, 1946,

in the South Maine District, New England

Mission.

Emma Greenfield Ware, born January 29, 1889. Excommunicated December 16, 1946,

in the Ogden Seventeenth Ward, Mount

Ogden Stake.

SfN/OR SCOUT ORGANIZATION OF BIRMINGHAM,

ENGLAND From Birmingham, Ertgland, the report of Bertram H. Stofces

Scouts have been Senior the that informationincludes the the to attend planning Scouts are the British thatorganized,

Scout in getting is active he in France, and thatjamboree

Mission. British The picture the throughouttroops organized

is of a mission band, consisting of three drums and seven bugles. Elder Stokes has called into scouting many nonmembers of the Church, who have become interested in this

activity.

SIX EAGLE SCOUTS WITH OFFICERS FROM MONROVIA, CALIFORNIA

NORTH HOLLYWOOD WARD FIRESIDE GROUP WHICH MEETS EACH SUNDAY—SubmittedEVENINGby TORaymondSTUDY H.THELinford,DOCTRINEpresident.AND NorthCOVENANTSHollywoodCOMMENTARYfireside group.

FEBRUARY 1947 119 a

NoLiquor-Tobacco areshallinvitedbe gladto toaskmailus themfor them,to you.and Adwe collisionfeet in theof air,two andplanesabouttwothirtythousandlives

Column dress the NoLiquor-Tobacco Comwere thus saved. Also in motorcar driv-

{Concluded from page 107) mittee, Latterday Saint Church Ading on the highways, a split second ministration building, Salt Lake City 1, often makes the difference between a group, he will meet with sympathetic Utah. disaster and escape. So important is

for they were understand, whomen reaction that safety time demands quick liquor more and is more problem The their In themselves. alcoholicsonce alall drivers of that motorcar be free thoughtful attention of the engaging experiences, their relate theymeetings their in blood. cohol welfare interested and in human testify that people and provetell can they how

is in drinking? there country. moderate the But of harm the good No No recover. also They canthe newcomer

the takes drink with the a first problem. to solve one ever little unity on how drugs, but administer nocharge no fees,

is It believe a drunkard. of that thought becoming people are some There who fellowship hands of warmdo extend

and helpfulness. They invite every aldrinking in moderation produces no said that fifty million people in Ameriis only excessive ca drink more or less regularly. Of thiscoholic to get in touch with them by harmful results—it

writing to Alcoholics Anonymous, P.O. drinking that does so. If this were true, vast number, millions of them drink exit railway locomotive engineers cessively, to their sorrow and succumbBox 1862, Salt Lake City, Utah. why is

These groups have a record of curand airplane pilots are forbidden while to the low status of drunkards, huge ing more than seventyfive percent of on duty to drink at all? Scientific evinumbers losing control of themselves

drink. living the danYes, to only or that one two and even proves dence alcoholicsthe who them—

is that great no first drink of the reacof the ger cause up a drinks record. commendremarkable joinWewith

results say take safely can one of most tion time a chance—soso unselfish slowingpeople—the fine for their groupsthese

subject. students of the Hence that this slowinformed but for accidents being to them!service. More power We urge

abstinence should In of total the virtues occurred. have would not ing up possibly do can whoevery alcoholic

so to get in touch with them. No pubmany cases a split second makes the continually be taught, encouraged, and

hcity whatever is given to membership. difference between disaster and escape. repeatedly urged. There are so many

This was proved in a notable case of influences that make for drinking and "The Menace of Moderation"an airplane accident over Maryland so many that handicap advocates of riD you read in the December issue of about the twentieth of December 1946. total abstinence that all of these advoThe Improvement Era, J. Maurice A copilot instantly grabbed the control cates need to be forewarned, encourTrimmer's article under this title? If wheel from the pilot who did not see aged, strengthened, and helped in their

you did and liked it and can make good the oncoming plane. This split second good work in order that they may

use of copies of it in folder form, you action avoided a disastrous headon avoid becoming discouraged.

HOLE IN THE ROCK

(Continued from page 83) Yense, I can pull you!"The words Brother Nielsen! Travel by hand-

a httle girl in, her father's charge, beat like drums in her ears... "I can cart!"had been the leader's advice.

were buried in those lonely graves, pull you! / can pull you! I CAN Her father had followed that advice.

and there would always be a shadow PULL YOU!"He had shared with the poor, yet the

in her mother's eyes. She broke into a protesting run, Lord had let him get frozen feet!

Turning to the south again, Mary trying to drown the memory, but it Mary's conscience twinged but got went slowly on to meet her husband, came again and again, followed by no further. She was past all shame.

calmer now, her own troubles seemher father's calm voice of the after Would any of her father's children ing lighter in the face of that other years. "Children,"he said happily, ever forget that their mother had

exodus. Her mother had never com- "I tell da Lord he let me, Brodder pulled their father across the plains?

plained and wouldn't do so now. Yet Nielsen, live, I spend all the more of Would they ever forget how, hudher mother had been afraid, Mary my days in yusefulness, vorking, aldled in the cart with nothing to do

knew, just as she and Arabella were vays under da priesthood, vorking!"but think, he had cried in broken

afraid now. Only yesterday the English, "My Elsie, vorking like a

world was as bright as the wings of "Dack over the years went Mary's horse! My friends in Denmark

a pheasant, she thought, and was off mind, reciting like a dull parrot turned all against me! But there is

on a new tangent of bitterness, that knows but one word, "Why? Zion. Soon, Zion!"

choking in its force. Her thoughts Why?"Mary knew every inflection of her

raced through her parent's indelible Born on the island of Laaland, in parents'voices, every one of the stories, the words of her bedtime Denmark, her father had prospered stories by heart. After joining the

prayer: "Thanks, Lord, that we are and had married her mother, Elsie Church, her father had filled a missafe in Zion."Rasmussen. When he accepted the sion to his own people in Denmark.

She laughed bitterly. Hungry and faith of the new preachers, the Two and a half years he had spent

cold, yet safe! Time and time again "Mormon"elders, he was only thirty trying to get them to see as he could

she had heard her father tell how, years old, and wellto-do. Yes, he see, that the gospel of his faith was

his poor frozen feet no longer able would come to America, to the land a new way of life. But they laughed

to carry him, he had said: "Veil, of his beloved faith. He could afford at him. Discouraged, taken advanElsie, I go heem no furder. Schoost wagons to cross the plains. But tage of by those who had been his

you go on, lass, schoost you bedder Brigham Young advised his people friends, he sold his property, paid a he going on."Then had come her to sell their goods and share with full tithing, and, lining his family

mother's answering words: "Ride, the poor. "Travel by handcart. beside him on the pier, he sailed for

120 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

HOLE IN THE ROCK

America. Yes, Zion was for them... can't even be comfortable cowards."harne has it. Kumen's mother never

The past and the present blurred "Comfortable cowards."Mary remisses telling the meaning of a

in her mind till her thinking was peated the words slowly. "Comfortdream."

hardly more than emotion, a fierce able cowards."Her eyes lighted up. "Yes, I know. What was the

sharp pity for herself and the par- "That's it,"she cried. "That's the dream, Mary? When did Kumen

ents who had faithfully borne so key to everything! We don't want to have it?"

much. She threw back her head to go off to an unknown, almost un- "On our way home from the St.

get air. Never, never had they arheard-of country of sand and rocks George Temple, more than a year

rived in Utah but for their faith, and Indians, but we will. That is ago."

never but for their faith have carwhat has been the matter with me. "When you went there to be marCircleville—theyried on... Parowan,had colonizedPanguitch,them I couldn'tShe laughedbe a comfortablewith relief. coward!""Kumen ried?""Yes.ArabellaThe nightasked.before we got

all. Then at last, Cedar City, home can't be the naturalist he'd like to home, Kumen had the dream. He told

and a few comforts. Advanced in be; he's got to pioneer. But, oh, Arahis mother right off, even before supthe priesthood... member of the bella, there'll be flowers there, new per. He said he dreamed he was in the

high council... bishop's counselor and strange ones. There'll be differwildest, most unsettled region in the

... bishop.... Always faithful in his ent rocks and wild animals. Kumen world, a place that had many tribes

promise to the Lord. may not have time to learn all about of Indians in it. He was standing on

* * * them, but his son will!"the bank of a wide river, looking

HThere was no dust on the road in Arabella caught her breath. Mary across to the other side where some

the distance, no sound of horses'was like a young prophetess. From white people were building a large

hoofs. Mary was too tired to go on. where had she gathered this new and rock house. Hundreds of Indians

She turned and went back the way unexpected strength, this sudden acwere standing about, watching."

she had come. ceptance of the call? Mary stopped, deep in the process

Arabella came to meet her, and "Mary,"she said. "Oh, my dear, of reconstructing the picture the

they stood a minute in silence. Calm you will surely have a child."dream called up.

at last, and contrite, Mary said, "I'm But Mary's throat had contracted, "Well, go on, Mary, go on!"Arano proper pioneer, Arabella. Call or her hands hung limply at her sides. bella urged. "What happened then?"

itno call, I want to stay here.""I'd forgotten,"she said. "It's—it's Mary kicked a rock, waited for

I'll not have to fall back into the dirt, and said "I'd hke to stay, too, Mary,"Araall right for me to go.

bella said, "but the price would be any babies to be scalped by Indians. meditatively, "That's the funny parttoo great."But you—you, Arabella!"of it, nothing happened. Nothing at

Before the tired wisdom of her "It's no more right for you to go all. Kumen said he just stood there

friend, Mary remained silent, and than it is for me,"Arabella said flatlooking, and wondering at the beauArabella continued: "There arc ty of the cliffs and the blueness and

times when we all feel as you do, "Oh, yes, it is!"Mary's eyes brightness of the sky."

Mary, but we've come to know that blazed defiemce. "I'm as big and "And Sage Treharne, what did

the Church leaders have carried on husky as I look."she make of it?"

in the only way they could. I've Arabella protested, but Mary, "Nothing at first, not for a long

in to hear, not seeming went on a time,"one answered. "Then Mary that father say someheard men my

.., dull voice. dream. you'll said: "Kumen's be 'Kumen, He day she just that they begincomplain when

to get a little property iround them, has to go, and I'll go with him."called on a mission to the Indians of

begin to be a power in their comArabella's black eyes were comsome remote, unsettled region. The

munity, they arc moved on to start passionate as they walked in silence building is a school. The bright day

all over again, just so the leaders along the dark whcel tracks. Presis a symbol of success.'It seemed

can be the whole show. My father ently she spoke her thought. "Kuprophetic, for we hadn't even been

doesn't believe that, Mary, nor men's dream, Mary, what was that? talking of the dream."

yours, nor those who grumble, really. You and Sage Treharne had that be- "But where is such a place?"AraIn their hearts they know that Presitween you yesterday."bella asked, believing in spite of herdent Young was wise to choose his "Do you believe in dreams?"self.

colonizers from the ranks of those Mary asked. "And interpretations "They say it is along the San Juan

who had proved themselves, just as of dreams?"River somewhere. That's the place

President Taylor is doing now. It is "I don't know,"Arabella anwhere we're going,"Mary said with

hard, but very wise. swered thoughtfully. "It seems the conviction.

Mary shook her head. "Oh, I interpretations are often too conArabella started. "Oh, I'd forknow you're right, Arabella,"she venient."gotten the call. I'd forgotten about

said. "I'm wicked, that's all.""But you believe in the Church."yesterday: I was so absorbed with

Arabella smiled. "No, Mary,"she "Of course, Mary. That is true, the dream."

said sympathetically, "you're just or why are we doing all the hard, "Was it only yesterday?"Mary's

confused. Pioneers can't ever be lifetaking things we do? But dreams voice trailed oflF into musing. "Itwhat they'd like to be—not artists,—I just don't know about them."seems ages ago. Kumen's name was

not naturalists, not poets, but just "But it does seem that some have the first one called."

road builders and fighters. They the gift of interpreting. Sage Tre- [Continued on page 122)

FEBRUARY 1947 121 HOLE IN THE ROCK

(Continued irom page 121) in the twilight, her excited words

Drink "Yes,"Arabella said gently. "And falling like bell strokes as she told

I'll never forget how Sage Treharne him excitedly how the news had looked when Henry Lunt told her struck the town.

that.""So you've got everything settled!"Kumen cried, taking AraJUST then came the clatter of hoofs bella's hand in a warm, friendlyFiCGO on the road behind them. Mary grasp. "You don't look very scared."

FREE FROM CAFFEINE cried, "They're coming!"and ran He laughed uneasily and went'on

back down the road to meet her huswithout waiting for Arabella to anYou will enjoy this delicious, healthful band. swer. "Hang these newfangled hot beverage free from the stimulants

condemned for years by leading medical Arabella could see that Kumen telegraph wires anyway! A fellow

men. FICGO contains no caffeine nor was alone, but she knew that Stancan't ride home with his own thunharmful oils normally found in coffee. ford would not be far behind, so she derbolt like he could in the good old

Only Nature's treasured fruits of sun and chose another of the flat black lava days!"

soil go into FICGO. a delightful blend rocks that dotted the roadside, and His voice was highpitched and

oi the finest selected ovenroasted barley sat down to rest and wait for him, unnatural. Arabella knew at once

and tree -ripened California figs. watching Mary as she ran. How like that he was sick at heart. Though

You who recognize the benefits of sane a boy Mary was, and as fleet as a his tone was light, there was no eating and drinking will delight in the deer, while Kumen was as slow as laughter in his eyes, no funny little flavor savory caffeineof this wholesome, a grandfather. Well, not exactly quirk at the left corner of his mouth. free hoi drink with your meals. Mothers,

too, praise FICGO for children, who love slow, she amended, but deliberate, And without that, Kumen was deadit particularly these cold winter days. almost easygoing. Mary was like ly serious.

Proven by 20 years of popularity. FICGO Stanford, impetuous and deterBut still pretending, he clamped

can be recommended freely as a healthmined. As for herself, she was more Mary's bonnet on her head and bent

ful drink for children and grownups alike. like Kumen. Surely the law of opto kiss her.

posites had taken over the four of Mary's hands flew to the starched

LEONARD H, BALLIF, President them, yet had left so much in comsides of her bonnet and held them

California Ficgo Company mon. close to her face in confusion.

Los Angeles. California Seeing Mary flying toward him, "That's a new use for a headpiece,"

Kumen sprang from his horse and she laughed, as Kumen released her.

caught her in his outstretched arms.

The last rays of the sun were gone, THERE was the clopclop of horses'and the shadows almost hid them, hoofs and the clatter of wagon standing close, lost for the moment wheels on the road.

to the world, A moment they stood, "That's Stanford, Arabella,"Kuthen came on, leading the black stalmen said. "He left sooner than I

m /] lion.As they came nearer, Arabella wedid,wait?"so we'd get here together. Shall

could see that the horse had been "Of course not,"Arabella said.

ridden hard, for he was gray with "You and Mary hurry on to town lather and his head drooped. Stanand spread the word that the men are

ford would be behind with his coming. I'll wait here till the wagteam, for he had driven the stake on comes up."

presidency in his light wagon, as he Kumen turned to lift Mary on the usually did. He loved to ride his own horse, behind the saddle, then took

horse and be free to go with the wind Arabella's arm affectionately. "You HOT BISKITS as Kumen did, but somehow:t allook pale and tired, Arabella,"he

things. What a paradox! you."and JAM! waysand steadyfell to his lot to do the slow said. "I hope this is not too hard on

Look for this New Package t No one chafed under restraint as "I'm really all right,"she assured of your Grocers/ { Stanford did. Handsome and blond, him, but there was a catch in her

yet as brown as an Indian, with a voice that denied her words.

will as indomitable as his steeled Pioneering is not for women, he limbs, he found it hard to be given thought, swinging into the saddle.

the place of a sober senior when he They pay too great a price.

was only twentysix years old. But Arabella waved to them as they

that was the way it was, and though rode off, holding her lips from tremhe chafed, he accepted it. bling as she smiled. It was always

Seeing that Kumen and Mary the way. Mary could meet her hus-

/wg wyff-/i&iTSch0i wereshe sat,almostArabellaup to stoodthe rockup,onsmihngwhich ofbandthe alone,world. supremelyStanford, arrivingunconsciousv/ith

at Mary's glowing face, a pale flame the sedate head men of the Church, 122 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Hole in the Rock

hello, curtly, he because saywould - - - it then otherwise,wanted to be ATTEND THE L D. S.

scold his wife for waiting so long in the cold air. damp, It's Your Business College the tears from her brushed She

eyes and turned her attention to the

The L. D. S. Business College offers young people the adoncoming wagon. There sat Stanford, leaning forward in the moonvantages of modem, thoroughly practical business educa-

... plus "Institute"classes under the direct guidancelight, urging the team to a tired trot, tion

for he had seen her. of the L. D. S. Department of Education. Students from

"Lord make us strong for our every port of the nation find here an active, personal interest task/'she prayed. "But let my baby in their welfare—from a staff of highly qualified instructors.

be born here at home."

Write for full information about courses, day and evening schools, ( To he continued) tuition rates, etc.

L.D.S. BUSINESS COLLEGEReligious Attitudes

70 Salt Lake City 1. Utah North Main Telephone 3-2765

of Noted Men Attend the L. D. S.—opposite Temple Square—during Utah's Centennial

{Concluded from page 74) Sir William Osier ( British physician, 18491919) says:

The scientific student should be ready to acknowledge the value of a belief in a here-

... life. assetafter as an in human He will Goo', tot You that the turbid flow and ebbrecognize amid

of human misery a belief in the resurrection of the dead in the life of the world to come is the rock of safety to which many of the ndlest of his fellows have clung.... (Page

335.)*

L. P. Jacks, educational philosopher,

is quoted as follows:

I do think that our human personalities are capable of acquiring a value which a just universe would not suffer to be extinguished. I look upon immortality, then,

rather as a prize to be won than as a birthWELL BAKED right given for nothing. (Page 337.)* ENRICHED in VITAMINS

y EVERY DAY AT William W. Keen, surgeon and mediYOUR GROCER'S

cal educator, is quoted thus: Royal Baking Company Salt Lake City and Ogdwi

Bodywise, man is an animal, but thanks be to God, his destiny is not the same as that of the beasts that perish. To develop great 3iiimiiiiiiC3iiiiiiiiiiiiEaiiiiiiiiiiiic3iiiiiiimiic]i]iiii

men, such as Aristotle, Plato, Shakespeare,

Milton, Washington, Lincoln, and then bydeath to quench them in utter oblivion would ROHBOCK'S SONS HOTEL LANKERSHIM be unworthy of Omnipotence. To my mind EXCLUSIVE GROWERS OF ALL ORIGINAL 7th I IROADWNY

it conclusion. impossible is simply an RATESin S. MODERATEHeadRuarters Los Anoeles DIENER Man's RICHARD NURSERY

Operator L. D.FRANK immortal.soul 338.) * must be (Page

H. Manager R. BECKETT,WISHON RAY Seeds, Plants Bulbs and

LOS ANGELES Peter Balfour Guthrie and Stewart OREM, UTAH, U.S.A. 'TWO PERSONS -- ONE CHARGE'in their physicists,Tait, book The Unseen Universe, said of immortality: WRITE FOR FREE CATALOGUE

"We have no physical proof in favor of lllillC3IIIIIIIIIIIIE3llllllllllllC3illlllllllllC3IIIIIIIIIIIIC:

it unless we allow that Christ rose from the dead. But it will be admitted that if Christ

rose from the dead a future state becomes more than possible; it becomes probable,"

They express the opinion that the same intelligent power which produced the universe could have accomplished the resurrection of Christ without a break of conTHE IMPROVEMENT ERA far astinuity so the whole universe is con12 issues $2.00 338.)*cerned. (Page

FEBRUARY 1947 123.

W.A of Improvement Era SUNDAY SCHOOL Sabscribers..

The ERA gives you much of By RONDA WALKER the best current CHURCH LITERATURE. Within its covers you find each month auSUNDAY Schools usually are

thoritative material written or "Sunday"Schools, but in spoken by our Church leaders. southern Utah of 1850 to 1860, they

Has it occurred to you what were Monday, Tuesday, Wednespriceless gems of theology, day, Thursday, Friday, Saturday, poetry and downto-earth gosand Sunday Schools. This imusual

pel you have in the yearby- educational arrangement began at year volumes of this magaParagonah, the second Mormon setzine? tlement in southern Utah, where

Why not preserve them for reading, writing, ciphering, and spellyour future reference and your ing were included in the regular children's edification? We urge Sunday Schools lessons.

you to do so.

The Mormon colonizers who had Single volumes (12 numbers) bound been sent by Brigham Young to deIn the other part of the building.

in the deposits iron ore the the parled often Robinson Brotherin attractive, cloth velop durable, blue state, the of had section southern penmanship bees and ents in spellingbinding, $2.25 in gold stamped raise crops, and homes, build also to drills.

each plus postage. set up some form of governmental

the Saints had of many By 1852, children and WomenTen or more volumes at one time organization. City, and to Cedar South as dilimoved and as long had to work just

$2.00 each plus postage. gently as the menfolk. With so there, too, worship and study motiactivity. Mathedaily their for them vated it easy was not to do, much Sabbath dayBring them in or mail them to us a regular matics was study. for routine daily their to break

William Dame Brother and study, retheir practised and lived stuthe of to some surveying taught evethe after and day, ligion every NDWI They to know have for they would dents, family his to read Father meal. ning transacbusiness carry on to how darned Mother while Bible the from city. their out lay to tions and how lisshe as sox homeknit rough the

The tened.TestamentThestorieschildrenon wrotetheir slatesthe Oldas cameThe asestablishmenta result of oftheCedarneed Cityfor

their father read, and then he listened iron ore, since the Saints could not to them recite the stories back to him. afford to transport it from Missouri. Deseret Sews Press In this way, they studied their readMethods of mining and smelting had

an Occasionally and writing. since Sunday Schools to be learned; 29 Richards Street, Salt Lake City ing

to was given problem arithmetic institueducational the only were them. tions of the settlement, where was

Thus to teach mining? better place their a taking children began The

activity, the curricular the justifying as their as well readers slates and such added Authrm }ersm Jmes City Mormons kmi and Cedar School, Sunday Bibles to -l'v BirfMtiSvrtvwatf and analysis mineral as courses superthe Robinson, Brother John regular their to methods smelting practice. the encouraged intendent, cannot Time worship. Sabbath Church young the ten, at Promptly the beauty dim

slates, took and books with in Kanarravillc, Hammembers, The settlers of the Bible... their places in the Sabbath School ilton's Fort, and Enoch were mainly

nor the joy along with their elders. In the little farmers, thus farming methods and

of reading it... or adobe church house in the southeast farmanimal raising were the natural

they Old Fort, supplementing their of the corner of study met courses giving it to others. worship, for morning meetings. each prayer Sunday Sunday

prayer opening usual the after and The Saints did not, however, forproceeded children the hymn, and to the building's second room for get the purpose of the Sabbath day, and regular hours were designated their lessons.

for prayer and sermon. These inSister Jane Carter began the class dustrious people were simply being

by reading scripture to her pupils, practical as well as progressive, and after which she would hear them were beginning early to instruct their recite from their readers and orally young folk in material, cultural, and outdo each other in the spelling bees. spiritual things.

124 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA PIONEER DAY CELEBRATION the heart of Brazil's great industrial magnificent spectacle, therefore, I wish to it that advise you to this opportunity the City take is located Paulo SaoINstate dramatists of difficult group a is to find is third the which of Campinas, holds expression which of the facility with

It railway is a in the state. citylargest from the of audience entire sympathy the

center for farming and industry, as well the beginning of the show to the end as as being served by Brazil's best raildid your group. In order to do this and to

road, "The Paulista."Aside from the present such an inspired program, they

city's economic advancement, it is the must be united with the same ideal. It is

home of Brazil's great artists, the only by considering your united effort that greatest of which was Carlos Gomez, I can account for your success.

if I I felt as the of program the end At musician, whose notedBrazil's most... it again. I hope seen like to have would the world. heard around beenmusic has prowonderful similar a year that next

The first missionaries of our Church gram will be presented. I assure you that

went to Campinas in 1938. In 1941 the even if I am sick I will be there to see the

first baptisms were held. The new mempresentation each year, and then I'll be

bers were all young people. The misthankful to God for learning more about

INSIDE VIEW

OF MUNICIPAL THEATER OF CAMPINAS FILLED TO CAPACITY

of gospel the hearing for friendship, true the young in with to fit sionaries seemed the seeing for and preached, being Christ Imcity. Mutual the of The people I ever have persons imion among strongest atbest the Association was provement... days. in seen my missionaries the meetings the tended of Marques Jose Ivo

held.

It was not long until the talent for fine arts of the small M.I.A. group commenced to appear on the stages of the THE VERTICAL HREPLACE GRATE

city. The largest audience yet to attend

a program presented by the Mutual ImCharles A. Callis

provement organization in Campinas municipal theater of the city, which (Concluded from page 78) seats 2,000 people, was filled to capaciHis sermons sparkled with perty. When the curtain went up there sonal experiences from the mission

were people standing in the aisles to see field and betrayed his hobby of col- a program which lasted three and onelecting and memorizing thoughts of half hours.

literature from the world's great

Since the presentation of the program minds.

that branch many have had elders of the

His monument will always be the No Other Accessories Needed performsplendid their on comments ance, but perhaps the best of all these stake in Florida—Florida Stake was that of a letter received from one of one hundred sixtythree in the roll IDEAL FDR CDDL

Ccimpina's most prominent citizens. The call of stakes, because it is there that SPRING EVENINGS

letter follows: he labored so long and came to know "Harthgard"is well ahead ol all olhersJ Un-

... fire. all the see You appearance his people—the common people—so surpassed

last fuels. longer. of the M.I.A. Organization, President EcoFires solid Bums all well.

instoUotioii out. will Campinas nomical No and not bum

attractive. practical five cost. Inexpensive, and son, are a Surviving him

Sir: Dear $11.35 only Delivered, sisters. Sister and daughters, two Mountains) East of Rocky odditional (50c

I letter wish First of all, means of this by

Literoture 12. ond Write last for Guarantee October Callis passed away the for good appreciation express to my

to your invitation kindly by extended me services funeral attended Well M. PLIMPTON W. youth of enthusiastic organization of Camat Callis both for Elder Distzibutor held were other of many pinas, birthplace art and

Seattle 9, Wash. Ave. North in Salt 2212H Fifth... Florida, and Jacksonville, things. beautiful

It was a thrill to see that wonderful and Lake City.

FEBRUARY 1947 125

THE ONE HOPE OF ALL NATIONS

( Concluded from page 75 There is only one hope for us; there

immoral, it becomes only a question is only one hope for any nation and of time until misery and destruction any people, and that is to turn from follow, as did the great flood, the our wicked ways and worship the destruction of Sodom and GomorGod of our fathers, the God of Abrarah, of Jerusalem, of Babylon, of the ham, Isaac, and Jacob, the God of

Jaredites and the Nephites. All of Joseph Smith, and honor him by

these things follow unrighteousness. keeping his commandments.

EVERYDAY HOW THE DESERT WAS TAMED

More People Say: {Continued from page 77) these many years, there is a differcrops could be grown on lands withence of opinion concerning the methout irrigation, if the annual rainfall ods and times of applying water to

was twelve inches or more. crops, for the best results.

From the mountains surrounding ELECTRIC the valleys came streams of water, HThe biggest need, however, was of which could be used for irrigation. It a social economic character. Irriwas quite evident, however, that this gation had not at that time been SERVANTS supply could not cover more than a practised on this continent, or

small fraction of the land available. scarcely elsewhere for that matter,

Moreover, to increase difficulties, the under conditions of modern civilized ADD TO water in the streams ran high from man. The small scale irrigation m the melting snows in the spring when projects of the Indians or of the

least needed by crops, and low in Catholic missions, or the experiences JOY or iivm summer when needed most. It was of the Latin countries of Europe,

h soon realized that, in this country, supplied little or no help to a people the water available for crop use who were about to settle tens of would determine the extent of the thousands of civilized families under

See Your Dealer agriculture of the newfound counthe ditch.

try. The pioneers recognized the probIrrigation had been discussed belem, but stood unafraid before it.

in the settlement after fore and is that to given beheved the They man conbegan. Basin It had been UTAH POWER & Great serve, nature to the power to compel

if inare applied powers only human LIGHT CO. ings.sideredInformationin the Nauvoohad beenTemplegatheredmeetdiligently. telligently and So they

all sources. continually from Neverset resolutely pick with to work and iry all the nearly people, theless, when to dig their canals, shovel lay to and

of whom knew only humid or rainfall brush dams across streams to divert farming, faced the practical operawater into the new conduits. In more

SAYS tionsthey hadof irrigation,much to learnthey andfoundto thatdisremotestrumentsplaces,madetheprimitivelack of propermethodsin- "Recently the Mining Newmont nation's of the Company, one larger cover. necessary. The surface of water in a

mining companies, announced intention of developing certain minits First, the water had to be carried cup had to suffice as a level to guide eral ground courage morein Utah.outsideWe shouldcapital ento from the stream to the farm. That the canal digger. Sometimes also

take building of canals the in a hand of our meant development and serious results the followed use of resources. dollar of For ore each ditches. to secure Then, more water produced, in stays 90c Utah."helps, crude occasion on one as when

for the critical summer season, when the end of the canal was found highthe stream flow was small, the spring er than the head! But, such mistakes

water not needed had to be stored were rectified with more labor and until late irrigations were demanded. more care.

That meant the building of dams for The larger dams for storage resreservoirs. ervoirs required means beyond their

Even after the water was at the control, and began to come only as farm, how, when, and where should the foundations of the state were

METAL MINING INDUSTRY it be applied? That meant seasons of more firmly laid, after pioneer days.

OF UTAH intelligent observation. Even after Experience in the use of water on

126 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

HOW THE DESERT WAS TAMED

the farm came largely by a proceveloped canal companies, with offidure of trial and error. Little by cers and powers to govern the dislittle the irrigators learned to vary tribution of water. These organizathe quantity of water and the time tions were of various kinds, to meet

of application according to the nadiffering minds and conditions. Ofture of the soil, the kind of crop, and ficers, new to the day, appeared, as

the stage of plant growth. One man's for example, the watermaster whose

experience was passed on to another, duty it was to secure an equitable until a concensus of opinion was division of water among all owners secured. Many of the conclusions or stockholders of the canal organreached have been found correct unization.

der the later, scrutinizing eye of Whenever an irrigation project science. was properly managed, a secondary

The human relations which of nebenefit of irrigation became apparcessity arise under irrigation reent. The whole community was dequired that the pioneers discover new pendent upon the certain operation

practices and often to break with old of the canal system. The welfare of

ones. From time immemorial, in the every family under the ditch was incommon law of AngloSaxon people, volved, farmer, storekeeper, and

the reaches upper of a on the man professional man. a result As the IN the natural stream not change must community main one economic had

course or flow of the stream on the interest—the protection of the canal. THE SALT LAKE TRIBUNE

lower reaches. At every point as the This common interest of the comstream had flowed in ages past, it munity touched every personal interCENTENNIAL

must continue to flow. Under this est therein. This helped establish

ancient and respected law, no diverfirm community life. The pioneers ARTS and CRAFTS CONTEST

sion of water for irrigation purposes recognized this principle, and those could legally be made. Only the man of a later day have utilized it in To stimulate interest in the crenear the mouth of the stream could making the arid spaces of earth ation oi arts and crafts, needleuse the water for irrigation; or if he serve human needs. work and the use of Utah dedid not use it, it might go to waste. signs. The Salt Lake Tribune

in Clearly, coming a commonwealth initial irrigation of the venUT the announces CentenUtah its irrigation for depending upon tures the Latterday Saints of nial Arts Crafts contest. and existence,very a law such was the a have rules, regulamajor come in adult compete You may in to the opposition hindrance, and irritions, governing laws and now

welfare of the state. So, the law of gation institutions and communities needlework, adult artcraft,

riparian rights was thrown away. everywhere. When irrigation was youth needlework, youth artTo replace it, a new order was isbegun in the Great Basin, work was craft or pioneer division.

sued, under which the beneficial use accomplished from which the whole The contest closes May 30, of flowing water would determine world has benefited. Utah has long 1947, with $100 first prize and the stream.the rights on The for piobeen a mecca students of irriga- $400 in other cash prizes. to place afraidneers not laws were over. tion the world

of nature first, and laws of man secthat pioneers did not The know HOW TO ENTERond. It was characteristic of the

earth the lies mainly a under low pioneers to adapt themselves to exrainfall. More than half of the Write The Salt Lake Tribune

isting conditions, no matter what earth's surface requires irrigation or Elome Service Bureau, Salt past practices may have been. special methods of tillage to produce Lake City, Utah for complete

Likewise, many farmers depended crops successfully and profitably. information. Subscribers to

upon the canal for their livelihood. In irrigation development, as in The Tribune can get complete

Those nearest the head of the canal, many other phases of life, the piodetails from their daily or Sunhaving first access to the water, neers touched upon a world problem. day Salt Lake Tribune.might use it selfishly, in excessive

quantities. That would deprive those In irrigation, the pioneers faced a

lower down on the canal from the new and difficult problem, but with water necessary to mature their intelligent courage and faith, guided 'crops. There were no American by simple principles of righteous- t

regulations in existence, available to ness, they met and conquered it.

pioneers, governing such situations. They won, as all will win in any ofSo there grew up, as the years prolife's problems who do likewise, alt fab

gressed, a set of legislative acts to whether individually or as communirestrain selfishness, and to secure ties, and hold one another's rights in justice for every person under the decent respect.

ditch. Under these laws, there de- ( To be continued x/

FEBRUARY 1947 127 URJIRBEnn

Priorvej 12 Second Guess Copenhagen F, Denmark

Dear Editors:

little boy had become to accustomed sleeping light the A with you have OoMETiME enough may space in your magazine on. his night parents One that decided big he to was enough * this. print to of the many service in the boys were When sleep in the dark. bed, put to lights the He was and were and from away home, everyone encouraged to was write turned out.

to them. There were slogans, too. many Remember? Now

of the boys many have returned serving for "Do I have to sleep in the dark?"he asked. and are the Lord

two years or shghtly longer. We still like to receive letters "Yes."

and hear all the news from home even though we aren't able "Well,"said the little fellow after a moment's silence, "may the to answer majority of them. people have Many moved I get up and say my prayers again—this time more carefully?"

of that out old home, ward at and person has many a new moved in, and perhaps the latter doesn't know us too well or perhaps not at all. However the case may be, there are a lot of Self Help

missionaries that didn't get even a Christmas card this year from those at home. I know because I have been working in "Now, Mr. O'Brien, why can't you settle this case out of

the office where I have forwarded the mail. There is a part of court?"the judge asked.

us at home, for when say our prayers say, we "Bless our and just "That's what me and McManis were doing, your honor, friends and loved ones at home,"it, for think that mean we we then the and police intervened."

they are behind us one himdred percent. This wasn't written

for my benefit, but for some of the boys here who haven't even heard from anyone except their faithful parents. Improvement

Perhaps the feature that makes a mission lonely here is that to learn have we the language, until and can't people do the we "How's your daughter getting along in learning to drive talk to us, therefore and get a to we don't chance mingle car?"with your

them. One of the elders wrote this: "A little better, thank you—the road is beginning to turn

Dear folks at home: where she does."

I'm that missionary you sent away

Remember, my farewell party, You promised your blessings each night and day. Proper Ratio

Have you forgotten since I've been gone?

I've wondered for I haven't heard, It requires hundreds of nuts to hold an automobile together

Not a Christmas Greeting, but only one to knock it apEirt,

Not even a friendly word.

Have you ever been away from home Hopeful Sign

And wished for news from there?

for the wait and Watch letter There's some hope for a person who can listen to a sermon tells people care? That you

on repentance without thinking of his neighbors'activities at letter that doesn't Then come illustration. can't help think every but And you

Are my friends behind me Or have they left me at the brink? The Housing Problem

Oh, I'm kept busy,. i'

I love I do, And the work But just a cheery message from home last"Didn'tnight?"I see you and your wife in that new sidewalk cafe

Makes cloudy skies turn blue. So if you have a minute "That was no cafe—that was our furniture."

I'd like to hear from you.

Just a greeting from home Whether it be only a word or two. -

I have had some wonderful experiences so far, and I'm enjoying this mission more each dav.

Sincerely yours. Btaine Stake comprises five counties and is so large that some

Elder George Felsch members fly by plane to meetings. Ferrin K. Manwill, president of Blaine

- oneStakeSunday(left) toandattendRoss Lee,meetings.—Reportedpilot, flew seventyfiveby Mrs.milesJohn betweenLarsen. counties

Dear Editors: r- n,..vfj.j-tf'

SHORTLY after we made the invasion of Cebu in the Philippines, I found a copy of The Improvement Era in a fox hole previously held by the company we relieved. That is how

I became acquainted with your magazine. TTiat issue went

the rounds in our outfit. Later some "Mormon"boys joined

us, and I learned more from them. One even helped me to get

my subscription in by having his father order for me.

Last summer my subscription expired. I'd like very much

to renew it. Please find enclosed a check for $2.00. I'd also

like to learn more of the Latterday Saint religion. Can you

recommend any books for study? I was reared a Methodist

but never joined any church. I know of no "Mormons"in

this part of Iowa.

Sincerely,

St. Charles, Iowa.

128 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA and the dealer M will do their level best fer farmers in 1947!

m plant unPicker. Cotton Mechanical Internoltonol New Above:

in will machine Tenn., build this at Memphis, der construction

limited numbers this year.

Only one thing is new in that headline. International

Harvester and the IH dealers have been doing their level best for generations in the interest of American

agriculture.

So what's new in it? Well—there's that figure 1947*

A brandnew season is coming up, and we believe that things are going to be a lot different.

In recent years,"level best"hasn't been good enough.

... In every community in the land the farmers have

been repairing and mending old equipment, and Above: McCormick Deerlng 123SP Self -Propelled Combine.

getting by—waiting in line at every dealer's door with Othertractor comingtouchcontrol,Internationalrefrigeration.developments: smaller combines.

patience and tempers wearing mighty thin... Right

this minute a thousand farmers are asking "When's my tractor coming, and those new machines that were promised me months ago?"It has been hard to take

—for farmer and dealer and manufacturer alike.

Every farm operator knows that the Harvester

Company has perfected many new products, competently engineered and tested, fully qualified to take to the fields.... Our problem now is to turn them out

in quantity production for our millions of customers,

Above: McCormJcltDeerJng OneMan Pickup Twine Baler. Many

from long established plants and from many new otherby Internationalnew hay machinesHarvesterareengineers.in various stages of development

factories. Our hope for this new year is to keep

assembly lines running without interruption until every man's need is satisfied.

The farmer who wants competent winter service work and the latest news about new equipment will be sure to see his International Harvester Dealer.

INTERNATIONAL HARVESTER COMPANY

180 North Michigan Avenus Chicago 1, Illinois

Remember that "FARMALL"Is a registered trademark—Farmalls are made only by Above;Corn Picker.The NewComingInternationalinternationalNo.ntachines24 2-RowIncludeTraetorMovntednew t-row

International Harvester. com pickers and cutofF com pickers.

INTERNATIONAL HARVESTER Power Farming Equipment Ifntfh <nHf! iiHi<ii liiiNt;

If-f f tSsfit a. It** 'Month of Great Leaders

A nation endures the shock and stress of adversity -- or it falls, amid suffering and hardship -> according to the courage and foresight of those who build it. [Dfi?t a aw r.funi

intMgilHilOliWB As with the nation, so with the family... and one of the #mpMw

Salt Lake City. Utah George Albert Smith, Pres. T'l

safest cornerstones on which you can build is adequate

life insurance.