HM

ft.'.;<''Ottr''4"} NUM..?!

fiTU8W: - POSTAGE faiflRAXTEfS"

S, A IT "i a Xjjl|tl T V, I), TA-H"low your Shell Dealer 4/e&ss3&!& 4sfc ftim about it

Here's how it works. Tell your He will write this information Here a staff of touring experts

neighborhood Shell dealer you on a special card and send it to will trace your route on a U. S.

selecting the best1 want to take a vacation trip—and Shell Touring Headquarters at map, carefully

roads, and good places to stop. want to go.+ where—and when—you no charge to you, of course. 3 2,;?**

You'll be sent this marked map, You'll start out without a Because Shell state and city maps plus a map of each state you'll worry to your name. You'll show you where the points of inpass through, lists of trailer know the right roads terest are... and Shell dealers all

camps, auto courts and hotels to take. You'll see all along the route will offer you... and lots of other information. 5 the sights you ought to see. 6 local "Fingertip Informati<

<mfi ass?

gF* 1 And when night falls, you'll Since Shell dealers every- a list of lodgings at 1$& where provide homeclean have / which to stop with confirest rooms, and fine Shell / dence. Each day you'll enjoy products, you'll have a

the same carefree touring. truly carefree vacation.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1938

Leaders of Tomorrow

are your cklwren toaaij

"yOUR home is the mold which more -1- than any other factor shapes the destiny of youth. Your dwelling should

promote cheer, ambition and leadership.

T A THY not give the boys a SCOUT ""DEN of their own in the basement? Perhaps they need an ADDITIONAL BEDROOM or WORK SHOP.

Or if they are later in their teens they might appreciate an AMUSEMENT ROOM.

""PHESE or any other improvements to your home can now be financed by us without mortgaging your home. NO DOWN PAYMENT is necessary. You simply

make monthly payments that will fit your pocketbook.

TDE PREPARED is the motto of the Boy Scout. YOU be prepared to give youth the opportunities which shape leaders of

tomorrow.

SUGAR HOUSE LUMBER & HARDWARE CO.

1164 East Twentyfirst South Street

Phone: Hyland 555 M. O. ASHTON, Manager

(boklfeiL JOww—

What is expected of Church mem- /MmprouemenTIEra bers with respect to their business 'The Glory of God is Intelligence'obligations? Page 327

Who constitute the present General

Heber J. Grant, Authorities of the Church? Page 326JUNE, 1938

"THE VOICE OF THE CHURCH"Marba C. Josephson,Managing Editor What should be looked forPageby 328a

Associate OFFICIAL PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, ORGAN a Editor, OF THE young young and woman man

Morris, Mgr. General George Q. ASSOCIATIONS, MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT DEPARTcourting 330 days? Page during Associate nnon. Lucy Mgr. Ca G. EDUCATION, OF MUSIC COMMITTEE, MENT WARD

Orton, Business K. Mgr. J. TEACHERS, AGENCIES OTHER AND CHURCH OF THE the 50th Temple Manti When JESUS OF CHRIST SAINTS. OF LATTERDAY celebrated? is to be Anniversary

Page 332 What cooperative venture has changed the farmer's marketing problems in Salt Lake City?

Page 334 What is the status of the Mormon

As Other Men Judge Us Heber J, Grant 327 Church in the Balkan countries?

Page 338 QPuaJicPl 3>&o1uma, How the state once took control of the Church and dictated its docGeneral Authorities of the Church 326 trines and dogmas? Page 340

The Spectre of Debt. J. Reuben Clark, Jr. 328 Who A. E. Bowman is and what he

In Manti Stands a Holy House. A, William Lund 332 has done in Wyoming?—Page 342

Era Workers Establish New Churchwide Records What it means to be educated?.—

John D. Giles 348 Page 344

The Story of Our Hymns..George D. Pyper 356 What twenty stakes led the Church

Department of Education: Educated!—or Merely Schooled? in this year's Era activity? Page 348

H. C. Snell, 344; Church Moves On, 354; Priesthood: MelWhat stake has more than an Era

chizedek, 360; 367; 365; GenealogAaronic, Ward Teaching,

ical Society, Executives, 368; 369; Messages: Mutual M. I. A. in every home? Page 348

Team in Palmyra, 369; Northern States Mission Reports Play, How many wards and stakes in the

quotheir Era 370; M Men, 370; M MenGleaners, 370; Explorers, 371; tas?Church exceeded Page 348 Scouts, 371.

What is the platform of the Church

SpsxdoL J>suahjiteA, Welfare plan? Page 352

Romance Helen S. Williams 330 Howin thelongChurch?there has been ScoutingPage 353

Farmer "The H. Wallis Goes to Town"..James

the of the new president 334 Who Children Arthur of Adversity Gaeth 338 is? French Mission Page 354

Protestors L. Barker of Christendom, 340 Part V James

Alice After Years Chase TwentyFive 342 Whatwas givenmissionaudiencepresidentby a recentlyEuropEducated!—or Merely Schooled? H. C. Snell 344 ean crown prince? Page 354

Time Waits For No Man, Jack Sears, 323; Exploring the What the new Church Welfare surUniverse, Franklin to be vey is and by whom it is

357; Homing: The WomanS. HarrisAtJr.,the324;Door,OnAnonymous,the Book Rack,359; conducted? Page 360

Here's How, 359; Your Page and Ours, 384; Index to Advertisers, 378. How a shower and rubdown lessen

the value of a sun bath? Page 324

fcjdBjfdcd The Church Welfare Plan John A. Widtsoe 352 EXECUTIVEOFFICES:AND EDITORIAL

Street, Salt 50 North Main Lake City, Utah Jubilee A. 353 Kirkham and the Church.Oscar Year—Scouting

the 1938, Copyright by Young Mutual Men's L, Richard Evans 353 The L A. Theme, 19381939 M. Improvement Association the Corporation of

Church of Jesus Christ of Latter'day Saints.

J'idwn, (pD&JUiy, Qjwmao&uL Pju$%Isl Alla year,rightsin reserved.advance; 20cSubscriptionSingle Copy.price, $2.00

as Utah, matter. secondclass for Acceptance Beckoning Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City. C. Robinson 336 Dorothy V Roads—Chapter at mailing special rate of postage provided Short Revolutionary Short Story in for section Concession, A 1103, of 1917, October, Act

Grace Zenor Pratt 343 authorized July 2, 1918.

Fragments Helen Gardner 346 forTheunsolicitedImprovementmanuscripts,Era isbut notwelcomesresponsibleconFrontispiece, Temple, Outdoor H. H. McKusick, 325; A Page bytributions.sufficientAllpostagemanuscriptsfor deliverymust beandaccompaniedreturn.

CrossPage, 355; 358; Scriptural Poetry For Young Writers,

word Puzzle, 382. NATIONAL ADVERTISING

REPRESENTATIVES

George T. Hopewell & Co., New York

E. J. Powers & Co., ChicagoJJul QovsUl Edward S. Townsend, San Francisco

This illustration was taken from a poster belonging to the National Council, the Hil. F. Best, Detroit

original of which was created by the eminent illustrator, Norman Rockwell. The MEMBER OF THE AUDIT BUREAU OF CIRCULATIONS

Temple and Tabernacle outlines have been superimposed over a ship which appeared on the original. The occasion for the cover is a quarter of a century of the highly

S. of the A.,satisfactory Council, B. National program use of the in the Mormon

independent the in the of Council, A MAGAZINE FOR EVERY however, National Church,Church. Scouting

actually preceded this event by about two years. MEMBER OF THE FAMILY

TIME WAITS FOR NO MAN

inventor a genius whom wasU"e I By JACK SEARS estfor noassetman.and he, like Time, waits in York, became met who New

a genius of wisdom. Mr. Robert Nationally Known Illus At one period of my life I decided

Madeen waited years and years for trator and Cartoonist to give an exhibition of drawings, success and while waiting he worked and a member of the paintings, and modeling work, all of night and day. He used to spend Faculty, Department of which I had done while waiting for

many hours of valuable time waiting, Art, University of Utah. those who had appointments at my

studio. Some of the "comeees"

From that day forth, Mr. Madeen were thirty minutes late, some hours

placed punctuality at the top of his late, and many never called at all, requirements for all who did busiand never took the trouble to send ness with him. Time was his greatan apology.

4b

From a Caricature of the Author by Clyde Squires.

waiting, waiting, for different people to show up, to keep appoint- "CATERPILLAR"IS THE WORLD'S LARGEST him.ments with

day as Mr. Madeen impaMANUFACTURER OF DIESEL ENGINES, TRACK One

intiently and walked down up front TYPE TRACTORS AND ROAD EQUIPMENT in exit often York,of a subway New pulling out his watch and looking at it, he decided that was the last time any one would steal his valuable 31I1C6 1 tit) J. $ Caterpillar Tractor Co. has become the

time. He hurried away and when world's largest manufacturer of Diesel Engines—creating a world's

he did so he took with him a contract which would have been worth a record in Diesel horsepower production. In less than seven years,

fortune to the tardy manufacturer "Caterpillar"Diesel Engines, by the thousands, have powered had he been on time to meet Mr.

Madeen to get the sole rights to tracktype tractors, road machines, stationary power jobs and some great inventions. the products of more than eighty other manufacturers—again creating record... amazingly low operating and upkeep cost records.

As the Caterpillar Tractor Co., distributor, we offer you a complete

t > line of Dieselpowered Engines, Tractors and Auto Patrols—as well Saltair as SparkIgnition Tractors, Elevating and Blade Graders and Terraces. Your inquiry is cordially invited.

iWWSpSalt&r*'s

Distributors of &BttCtt I As% Prices "CATERPILLAR"

Diesel Engines SAUCING rrsmantie melodies of TrackType JIMMY HIS ORCHESTRA WALSH &

Attraction An MCA Machinery Road Tractors TRACTORLANDESSr EQUIPMENT CO.

on the world's largest obstructed dance floor.

M. I. A. DAY—JUNE 10th Headquarters—245 West South Temple, Salt Lake City

THRILL RlDESGAMES-fun tor Everyone fxtakftmcL & W By\S r>ihsLpoaMKT.TlMFRANKLIN SS. HARRTSHARRIS,lAnw&JibJLTRJR.

Tn the reindeer both sexes have ant- '"Phe scent of an orchid changes. It '"Phe wash and rub down after exerlers; in the water deer they are absent A may smell of heliotrope in the A cise in the sun removes much of the

from both. morning and lilac at night, or of a vitamin D just gained. The secretions

carnation during the day and of a foxfrom the skin contain raw materials for glove at night. vitamin D which after irradiation are

A spoonful of the enzyme, rennin, reabsorbed by the body. Experiments

"from rennet, will clot 400,000 times TTany careful experiments have show that the wash water and subits weight of the cheeseforming case- A shown that cats are not only tonestances dissolved by ether from the inogen in milk. deaf but also colorblind. towels used, when irradiated with ultraviolet ray, cured rats of rickets. If the

students tested were first treated with

VERL ANDERSON, 17 -year -old Future Farmer, >v ultraviolet,same as before,the givenextracts,to rats,madeprovedthe whose baby beef steer won the Grand Championthat the washing and rubbing had reat junior ship the meet in San Francisco last April. moved vitamin D itself from the boys'LEVI'S. wears Yes, Verl

skins.

Tsing infra red light, it has been *"'* possible to photograph a negro in a black suit and in the print find he looks like a man with a fair skin in a

Palm Beach suit. Other infra red

photography has shown that the planet has times 10,000 about Venus as much

Whether you're judging beef or overalls... there's only one carbon dioxide as the earth, but very

First Prize. And in overalls, three generations of westerners little oxygen. Infra red film was used

have awarded that prize to LEVI'S. First in comfort. First tofirstpenetrateshow thethe dustyearth'satmospherecurvature andon in wear. First and ONLY overalls to have—photographs taken high in the air.

NONSCRATCH A nother method of preventing babies

CONCEALED COPPER RIVETS from getting mixed up at the hospital is to sunburn their name on their back at birth with a quartz lamp. The

ONLY LEVI'S have these patented, backname lasts for six months.

pocket rivets that WON'T SCRATCH

CHAIRS, SADDLES, OR AUTO SEATS. TThat a bat seems to sense an object

it before touching its is proved by easy exclusive the have LEVI'S And ONLY able being to fly to fro and in a dark fit that Cut from BIND. PULL OR WON'T crisscrossed room taut with wires

heaviest denim loomed. And so strongly made without hitting any.

we guarantee: "A NEW PAIR FREE IF 4

THEY RIP!"HPhe United States has adopted a

WATCH FOR THESE MARKS OF GENUINE LEVI'S smallrobotboatsradioto detectalarm SOSsystemsignalsfor useevenon 1. Two horse brand leather label though the radio operator may be asleep

in bed. Trained to recognize the dis-

2. Oilcloth ticket tress signal, it rings a bell as warning.

3. Red tab sewed in backpocket seam 85

Let me do your IRONING just COPPER RIVETED One Week! SignedFred Schoss.

WAIST OVERALLS fronrife LEVI'S Takes you off your feet, WITH CONCEALED RIVETS ON BACK POCKETS ask for free demonstraLEVI STRAUSS & CO., Los Angeles, SAN FRANCISCO, Frankfort, Ind. tion

SCHOSS ELECTRIC CO.

PATRONIZE YOUR HOMETOWN MERCHANT... HE'S YOUR NEIGHBOR Ogden, Utah

Ouidjo&L

Photo by Paul S. Bieler.

Thread softly here, Tread softly here!

For this is holy ground; This ledge of weathered rock:

This tapestry of leaves: An altar

A temple Where lost hopes, Where we found Dreams that have starved,

That dreams have substance... And deep unnamed desires

That our souls may soar Have been fulfilled...

To be companions to the stars, Where hearts,

And all the past and future be fulfilled Lost and alone,

In one bright flashing hour. Have found their destiny.

Tread softly here, For there are those who care, And when you enter Breathe a silent prayer.

K K mcJOmcA. 325

GENERAL AUTHORITIES yy-:.--<-::;i

CHURCH OF JESUS CHRIST OF LATTERDAY SAINTS

As sustained by the membership of the Church assembled in General Conference, April 6, 1938

THE FIRST PRESIDENCY

THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE PRES. J. REUBEN CLARK, JR. PRES. HEBER J. GRANT PRES. DAVID 0. McKAY

RUDGER CLAWSON REED SM00T GEORGE ALBERT SMITH GEORGE F. RICHARDS JOSEPH F.SMITH STEPHEN L RICHARDS

RICHARD R. LYMAN MELVIN J. BALLARD JOHN A. W1DTS0E JOSEPH F. MERRILL CHARLES A. CALLIS ALBERT E. BOWEN

THE FIRST COUNCIL OF SEVENTY

SYLVESTER Q. CANNON J. GOLDEN RULON S. LEVI EDGAR ANTOINE R. SAMUEL 0. JOHN H. RUFUS K

Apostle and Associate of the KIMBALL WELLS YOUNG IVINS BENNION TAYLOR HARDY

Council of the Twelve.

LEFT TO RIGHT:

THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC BISHOPBISHOP LeGRANDMARVIN 0.RICHARDS,ASHTON,

BISHOP JOSEPH L. WIRTHLIN.

EDITOR'S PfiGEIhE AS OTHER MEN JUDGE US9 TIdL ad muck, Jbi whaL ivsl fiA&cuJi, but Jbs thsL pJwduct t>. owv pJuxuMncf.

By PRESIDENT HEBER J. GRANT

have now become known for what we are—upright, Godfearing

people; and just in proportion as we live the Gospel, knowing WE that it is the truth, will we continue to break down prejudice,

build good will, and draw other men to us.

This condition has been brought about by the fact that we have knowledge, and that so many of our people have lived up to it. Every man

among us carries on his shoulders the reputation of his Church, and as you and I live the Gospel of Jesus Christ, we bring credit to the work of the

Lord that has been established again upon the earth in this dispensation.

I am very thankful that this is the condition, and my heart is full of gratitude to the Lord for the remarkable change that has come about, and

I hope that every man and woman who holds membership in this Church may be inspired to make up his or her mind that so far as their ability and their capacity are concerned they are going to live this Gospel so that their lives will preach the truthfulness of it.

On one occasion a man delivered a very remarkable sermon. Later

one of his friends said: "You know, that was a very wonderful sermon,

very remarkable, but your acts shout so loud I didn't hear anything you said."I have heard some of my own acquaintances preach remarkably fine sermons on tithing, and I have taken the opportunity to look up their records, because I knew they were neglecting their duty, and I found there was no credit on the tithing record. The record is what counts. Faith

without works, we are told, is dead, and we all know how valuable the body is when it is dead.

There are many men who do not have that same wonderful respect for their word that men in early days had. This is a source of keen regret

to me. I am pained beyond expression at the growth of carelessness in

meeting obligations in comparison with what it was many years ago. The

fundamental thing for a Latterday Saint is to be honest. The fundamental

thing for a Latterday Saint is to value his word as faithfully as his bond;

to make up his mind that under no circumstances, no matter how hard it may be, by and with the help of the Lord, he will dedicate his life and his best energies to making good his promises.

But I rejoice in the wonderful growth of the Church and in the faithfulness of this people, and in their liberality there are no other people like them. With all our faults and failings there are no other people so devoted

to the Lord, there are no other people who make such an impression on those not of our faith, because we live nearer to the Lord and nearer to our professions than most people.

I humbly pray that God will help you and me and every living soul who knows that this is the Gospel, to live it, that our lives may be a truth and not a falsehood, and that our very diligence and faithfulness and honesty may inspire other people to live the Gospel of Jesus Christ.

By PRESIDENT CLARK, JR. REUBENJAc SPECTRE J.

JhsL QhihdfL haiu alwMfA, xjoiwMfadOF DEBT aqaimt Minninq inio d&bi—and

ivhoswAtL btfihowA, Apwuld know svhaJL wIsUiqaL u; It hu with, him, swsuu should like now to talk about

the question of debt. I shall wdnJuijL &fL ihjL mqht and day.

I say nothing new. Everybody

knows the things I shall mention.

My only excuse for naming them is I should like to give you the folfacts. forget lowingthat sometimes us some of

During the recent depression a OutGeneralof the messagesConferenceof theofrecentthe should, in wisdom,what be rememthis trenchant message came to Church insurance had company I shall willbered. not great say What debt, private, public and on and all foreclose property which on farm business concernso much men who that it involves. of This unmasking

are supposed to know when and how had been mortgaged to it for some a modern misconception is here preto borrow. I am speaking to the $65,000,000. The presumed actual sented that it may have wider distribution preservation permanent and of these foreclosed lands wasgreat bulk of have little or value us who the that of a among members Church is than $100,000,000, more which training businessno experience, and set strongly has against its hand

and perhaps not too much business approximately the value of all the ills of financial bondage. the

ability. I belong with this bulk and farm lands of the state of Utah.

have had a chastening experience The lands foreclosed were among in debt. the richest farming lands in this borrowing. But we must fully conIt is a rule of our financial and country. sider this: Any improvement such

economic life in all the world that After the company acquired the as bathrooms, modern heating and interest is to be paid on borrowed lands, it wrote them down about refrigerating plants, and the like, money. May I say something about 10 per cent of the estimated actual will, in the course of ten years,

interest? value, so that they now stand on probably be old, out of style, and

the at books about $55,000,000. is If largely obsolete. the family Interest sleeps sickens nor never profit last net for year The on will one, the ordinary the they at it dies;nor to the never hosgoes all these lands taken together was of ten for years clamor end upnew, itpital; holiworks on and Sundays cent 3.03 per written the on down for furnishings, todate another and it itdays; takes vacation; a never value of $55,000,000. This would remodeling. that modern it When visits travels;never nor takes no 1.6 to be equal about per cent on time will to the family comes have it ispleasure; laid off never work full the of value the as of date it realize that must paying go onnor discharged from employment; mortgage. principal interest for another andit it never hours; on reduced works large very involved amount The or ten twenty years the bath on wornnever short has crops droughts; nor location the of the and farms would basin, tub the stained and andit it taxes; never pays food; buys no

is this to indicate that fair seem a sink, cracked kitchen the smokyit it is clothes; wears no unhoused of the returns example better the on all furnace, rest. the asand This withoutand has so home and no lands of farm country. the of sumes, course, that been have werepairs, replacements, shinglno no I to suggest farmers you and May to able for keep our up paymentsing, painting, plumbing, or whitethat farmers wouldbe can you first lost ten the years and have not it chilneitherwashing; wife, has to hardly relahope money, borrow the whole property time, before thatdren, father, mother, kinfolk to nor tively large of sums at 5 money, per into both as the what put house we it for; over carewatch and has no cent or 3 cent per or 2 cent even per itself. as well the house it living;expense of neither has wedout, then principal and inpay and I this that say notwithstanding it birthsdings nor nor deaths; has terest, in an will enterprise that net is in too view no good, no home my it is love,no as sympathy; hard no 1.6 is cent. only you per the This great, too comfort rich luxury no too cliff. soulless granite aand as Once simplest mathematics. for the that humblest family veryin is interest debt, your companion

it in Let that passing say seems me afford for least them; but can theevery night; the of minute day and to the curse the worst farmer has me essential all for comforts the and it slip cannot oryou from shun away ever pests, or than let luxuries, to urge had—worse as you pay meit; it; it dismiss you cannot yields

frosts, drouths, or or even poor margo. youneither entreaties, to demands, nor the easy has money which kets—isorders; its in get and whenever you to installsomething T wish on add in his path. been the thrown What its or fail cross course to orway meet popular ment methis farmer not needs easy but money buying—thatits it crushes demands, you. of in for things running debt od profitable good, markets.

So much for the interest we pay. These same principles hold good and paying for them while you wear

Whoever borrows should underin all enterprises of all kinds. them out. Installment buying is a

stand what interest is; it is with him twin brother of longtime loans for

every minute of the day and night. I"should like also to say something remodeling and furnishings. A part

about long time debts, say 20 or of a successful installment plan is a

As to running in debt to buy a 30 years, for remodeling and imvery high, usually hidden rate of farm, particularly for the greater proving homes. I am not unfamiliar interest.

part of the purchase price, or for with the stock arguments and rea- I know that in speaking of this any considerable loan on a farm, soning used to support this kind of I am treading on debatable ground.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1938

goods by pledging part of their government has any funds except future earnings."only such funds as it obtains from

Its value has been appraised in the people. Neither of them has

this language: anywhere a great pile of gold to

which it can go for its money. You

production It encourages of luxury goods, taxpayers must furnish it all; and

of reducing the thus necesconsumption saries. It promotes extravagance, based every citizen is a taxpayer, either

on the chances of continuing and rising by direct or indirect taxation. Whenincomes, and thus increases stringency at a ever governments borrow, they borIt trade time is shrinking. creates when for row from the taxpayers who must of stands in part debt that a body

something already consumed. It leads to pay back or repudiate. To pay back

overproduction of luxury goods, and, like large borrowings causes great hardmonetary inflation, leads to a condition ships and burdening sacrifices; to

for requires larger its maintenance which brings economic and someits repudiate the stimulant, of doses same shown by chaos. times political articles to extension depreciate which

rapidly. Some of our own members seem

A British economist affirms: tohasbea thinkingpile of gold.that theIt hasChurch,not. too,All

It has done much harm in America; it the Church has is the moderate inhas been drastically limited in many parts come it receives from investments it

of Europe; it is the enemy of real thrift; has made out of the savings from

it is most tempting to the least provident. your past contributions, and the tithinstallment on the To buy plan members—usuallying and donations whichnot theyoucriticsfaithfuland future earnto mortgage your means

for the support ings. If, through sickness or death, faultfinders—make

or through loss of work, the earnings of the work. You have had a report

to has been money how that cease, the property bought is lost, as spent year. during the past I assure together with what has been put into

it. you there are no secret or hidden

expenditures. All are recorded and I venture one suggestion—Until not does Church audited. The times certain, the orall more become have one cent to be spent by any one dinary family will do well to purfor except purpose, acany an upon installment actual the only chase by

after counting the expenditure made life, luxleaving necessaries the of is for authority given under an made uries to as they bought be be can

I here, the expenditure. say May I shall for purchased. paid when

is in debt; the not of none Church a line to attempt not between draw

its is its of property mortgaged; none luxuries, necessities saybeyond and security pledged. ing that an artisan or mechanic who

train to can ride on the work as other to the or NJow, point—the justified street car hardly be would living large of withgroup one

in buying an airplane for that purout work on the industry, thrift, and pose on the installment plan; nor sacrifice of the rest of the people. I

However, I feel something might would a farmer already owning a say again, this is virtual slavery for wisely be said about it by way of cow pony to go to the pasture for those who furnish the livelihood for caution. the cows be justified in buying an the idlers. I know very well I shall

In 1929 it has been estimated that automobile on the installment plan be accused of being harsh, cruel, installment purchases amounted to to be used for the same purpose. unsympathetic. I am not. But I

6.5 billions of dollars. Dr. Wilford I can only mention here, again by consider the welfare of the whole

L. White, chief of the marketing diway of caution, another contributing people as superior to the comfortvision of the Bureau of Foreign and element of danger in our economic able or luxurious idleness of the

Domestic Commerce, is quoted as life, that is, those seasonal, crop, or part.

saying that "installment contracts other shortterm financings which To this kind of expenditure belong entered into during or immediately unwisely base operation for future these old age gratuities or doles, prior to 1929 contributed to the last profits on borrowed money. which, to salve somebody's condepression."science, are called pensions. I menStatisticians say that in 1935 Tf I might be pardoned, I should tion this matter because it is growing

there were 3.6 billions of dollars like to add another word about to such large proportions and beof installment purchases; for 1936 two closely related subjects which cause it will have such a farreaching

the estimates run from 4.5 billions I have mentioned or referred to at and destructive effect upon the charof dollars to 13.5 billions of dollars; almost every, if not every, Conferacter of the people, young as well as

for 1937 installment purchases have ence since April, 1933; I refer to the old.

been estimated at better than 5 bilenormous expenditures of the peo- I may begin by saying these are lions of dollars. ple's money and to the evergrow- not properly pensions, a term which

The system has been defended as ing feeling and belief that a great has always implied one or both of justifying itself "by providing the group of the people can live off the two things: Either a conspicuous

luxuries of yesterday for families of public without working. service performed for all the people

limited incomes today by allowing I should like to say again that which merits from the people a spethose families to purchase such neither the state nor the federal (Concluded on page 383)

Romance

COURTING DAYS SHOULD BE QUESTIONING ONES,

FOR THE SUCCESS OR FAILURE OF MARRIAGE

LIES ON THE ANSWERS.

By HELEN SPENCER WILLIAMS Of the General Presidency, Y. W. M. I. A.

EVERY girl dreams of the time for the fulfillment of this sacred when she is to be married. In promise of eternal happiness and

girlhood days she pictures a blessing.

cottage, its furnishings, and its No one would ever cheat any girl fluttering white curtains. Perhaps out of the thrill or the romance of

these things come to her mind even the glorious days of courtship, filled before she thinks of the prince with love, new experiences, and new charming who is someday to come understandings, and there is a sweetriding with a desire to make her his ness during these days to which own. Every day of life a girl is every girl is entitled. The days of

either consciously or unconsciously courtship, however, should mean preparing for that greatest adventure more than gay dances, strolls in the in all life for her. moonlight, soft music, and sweet

The three great events of life are whispered sayings. This, of course,

birth, death, and marriage. We is part of courtship; but deeper still,

know very little of why we come. and more important, is the responsiFew there are who have not seen bility during courtship days of lookthe hand of death touch someone ing at one's beloved with clear vision

near and dear and have wondered and with analytical mind, for it is at death's mystery and with a prayer during this period of life when a boy in heart—a hope—have whispered and a girl establish the foundation of

that "some day we'll understand."their understanding for each other

—marriage—isOnly one greatleft,adventureover whichof lifewe thatthem understandingall through lifewhichtogether,willeithertake

have any control, any jurisdiction. in the spirit of happiness, or in the

How important it is then that each spirit of wrangling and apprehenday preparation goes forward for it. sion. Marriage is a happy state!

In the Latterday Saint conception Remember this! Of course we hear

of marriage there is a philosophy of numerous examples where young which says that much of this modern married couples get off to a bad talk of being able to hold a husband start; but remember the hundreds

is rather superficial, but rather that of young men and women who go a girl should so live that when she through life loving, upholding, and has been sealed to the man of her sustaining each other until they choice she should ever be worthy reach the end of this road.

If we might name one general rule to safeguard future happiness it would be to seek friends whose ideals and actions have a foundation similar to your own, and whose standards of living are akin to those which have been instilled into your souls. Friendship may so suddenly

turn into love, and the boy or young man who today may be considered as only another friend may, tomorrow, in that magical turning of events, be the man you love. Consequently, wise is the girl who when

she feels even a tinge of more than interest in a young man begins to ask herself all about him.

What are some of the fundamental things, which, looking into

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1938

the long years ahead, may make for "I can't express exactly what. There

happiness in marriage? Dr: Adam was nothing big. He supported me

S. Bennion, the beloved and underas best he could. There was never

standing friend of youth, has given any other woman. He didn't drink.

the inspiration for the following I guess when I analyze it the whole analysis: First and foremost, thing that pushed our marriage onto

has this boy sound moral printhe rocks was his lack of considerciples? Are there any habits in ation in little things. I never rewhich he indulges today that may member of his having once said that

carry over into the future and unhe appreciated the little things that dermine health? Because of the I did for him. He never commented

prevalence of the social diseases upon my appearance. During the

which are undermining the health difficult days of the depression when of thousands of our people today, we were having such a struggle, I the importance of this first question think that if just once he would have cannot be overstated. During taken me into his arms and said:

courtship days a girl may easily 'Never mind, dear, together we will know what a boy's moral standards come through this because I have are. How often some innocent, unyou by my side,'I would have

suspecting girl in love succumbs to stayed and struggled and worked the persuasion of a boy who is not with him. No, I guess it was just

morally fine to prove her love in that I couldn't go through life withsome way which may carry only out ever an expression of considersadness in its wake. A test of a ation or appreciation."

boy's moral principles may be that One poet wrote:

if ever in any way a suggestion is 'Tis not love's going that hurts my days made whereby a girl has to lower But that it went in little ways.

her own fine moral standards to make an impression on him, that The next characteristic to conboy is lacking in fine moral sense. sider is a good disposition, the abilWhat are his inherited health ity to smile at troubles, to laughtendencies? These and the habits away fears and apprehensions—-a

which the boy has today are laying sane sense of humor. The young

his foundation for future health, so man who has these attributes is goduring courtship days the boy who ing to bring laughter and joy into never violates any health law, who any household. During courtship a

has a clean family health record, is girl should analyze her own feelings.

a good risk for future happiness as Does she feel a sense of joy? Do

far as health is concerned. smiles come more readily than tears?

Secondly, a boy who is to take a May she pour out her heart, her girl into the realm of happiness durthoughts, without any fear of being ing married life is one who has inmisunderstood because she knows telligence backed by education and that he will place the best meaning training. Perhaps to many young on all that she does and says? If

men the opportunity of a college the boy with whom she thinks she reeducation does not come, yet no boy together—it matters not. What is in love, brings this sort of

in this world need ever go without an does matter is whether or not he is sponse, she may be sure that many education if he truly desires one—going to be satisfied to continue at of the pitfalls of marriage will never

because never before has there been the same menial job that he does become pitfalls for them, because such an age of opportunities for when first she knows him. Every with an understanding heart and the

development. What educational girl has a right to look forward to ability to smile, molehills will never

openings is the boy striving toyears of financial security. become mountains.

ward during courtship days? What In marriage there is perhaps no Last and perhaps most important

does his conversation reveal in this greater element which brings to a of all, does the boy who suddenly respect? Is he content always to woman's heart contentment and joy becomes important to a girl have

remain as he is? If so, a girl should than does consideration from the reverence in his heart? Is he naturbe wary. man she loves—those little considerally spiritual? In his conversation,

/losely allied with this matter of ations which are expressed in his actions, what -is his attitude toeducation and intelligence is the words of appreciation, of underward his Creator, toward the Priestcharacteristic of ambition—that standing of her moods, her eccenhood with which he is endowed, topower which spurs a boy onward tricities, perhaps. Several years ago ward his house of worship and the

and upward to greater heights. a young couple was married, a authorities of his Church? Does he

Again, during courtship days a girl couple on whom everyone glowed pay his tithing, and does he parhas ample opportunity to know if with pride and approval because it ticipate in the affairs of the Church?

the boy has the kind of ambition seemed that their chances for sucMarriage is a spiritual adventure!

which will make him press forward cessful marriage were so ideal. Then It has been definitely given from the

into newer and greater fields. Let one day the newspaper carried nomost High God to bring happiness

a boy be a truck driver, let him carry tice of their divorce. When this girl and joy to man. If it is to be sucmail, let him do the most menial of was asked by a friend what had cessful, it can never be divorced

jobs in the beginning of their days happened, she answered saying: (Continued on page 380)

THE TEMPLE AT MANTI.

N MANT Sianddu cl Sfoltf. dtauASL

HICH, SINCE FIFTY YEARS AGO, HAS BLESSED ITS years ago all roads leading W BUILDERS AND ALL WHO CAME THEREAFTER.Fifty

to Manti were crowded with wagons and carriages bringingpeople to the dedication of a temple By A. WILLIAM LUND

erected unto God. Soon these same Assistant Church Historian

roads will again be crowded with vehicles bringing multitudes of people to celebrate the Jubilee of this son, where they discussed the site temples, to all the bishops. A paratemple beginning June 14. The and stone for the building. These graph is here copied from the cirunique location of this sacred buildbrethren went to Manti, where they cular:

ing is such that a traveler has a clear visited the Temple Block and also We feel led to say to the Latterday view of the temple many miles before the.hill near the old stone quarry. Saints throughout these mountains: Let

arise build temples and unto our God it, its majesticreaching as it rears to returned they Ephraim, an us When places at such shall designate, as into He blasted foundations out of fromhead of important the Priesthood meeting children which our can enter and we and the rocky hill. The terraces, which was held, at which the unanimous receive those blessings that He has in store

once surrounded it, have now given vote was that a temple should be for us. Let the bishops of the settlements

way to beautiful, graded lawns. The built at Manti on the hill near the in Washington, Kane, Iron, Piute, Beaver,

visitor is filled with reverence as he stone quarry. At this time also, JosMillard,ties call theSevier,peopleSanpete,of their andWardsJuabtogetherCounsees the magnificence of the temple eph A. Young was appointed as and ascertain from them how much each

and its surroundings, and departs architect and superintendent of the one is willing to subscribe in labor and convinced of the sincerity of the faith Manti Temple, but owing to his means, monthly, quarterly, or annually, toof the people who sacrificed of their death in August, 1875, William H. wardsSanpetetheCounty.erection of a Temple at Manti,

means and time to erect this House Folsom was appointed in his stead, of the Lord. and served in this capacity until Dresident Brigham Young, who

The earliest settlers of Manti decompletion. had spent the winter of 1876 at

sired to build a temple, for when The Church of Jesus Christ of St. George, returned to Salt Lake

they built their fort, which included Latterday Saints is a templebuild- City by way of Manti, where he arfifty-nine acres, a Temple Block was ing Church. Its members firmly berived on April 24, 1877, accompanied

located in the center. On this Temlieve that God has commanded that by Edward L. Parry, of St. George,

ple Block the brethren met at suntemples be built for sacred ordiwho was to be in charge of the rise and opened the celebration of nances to be performed therein. The masonry work. There President

July 24, 1857, by firing a few rounds first sermon delivered in these valYoung met with the Church Archiwith small arms. leys of the Rocky Mountains was by tects Truman O. Angell and WilThis early desire never grew dim Elder George A. Smith, who spoke liam H. Folsom, and with Surveyor

in the hearts of these people, and upon the building of a House of God General Jesse W. Fox. Immediately

the leading brethren of the Church in the tops of the mountains. the site chosen for the temple was

saw the need of such a building for The First Presidency of that day, surveyed and its boundaries marked that section of country. President as well as of this, realized the need by stakes driven in the ground. The

Brigham Young and party, among of building temples at convenient next day President Brigham Young, whom were several of the Twelve, places where the Saints might atin the presence of several hundred visited Ephraim in June of 1875. tend to the sacred ordinances of salpeople, dedicated the site for a temPresident Young was entertained at vation. Having this in mind they ple to be built.

the home of Bishop Canute Peterissued a circular letter, concerning A call was made for workers, and

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1938

aid. The people always responded

and gave freely, even beyond their reasonable means.

All the members of the Church, even those in the European missions, were invited to help finish the temple. In a circular sent to the Church

by Wilford Woodruff, President of the Twelve, and on behalf of the

Twelve, it was explained that sums of twentyfive cents and upwards by the summer of 1883 they were to would be gladly received and thus the square, and the roof timbers were none would be barred from conbeing raised. Also, by this summer tributing. The following paragraph

the temple sawmill had cut over is copied from the circular:

500,000 feet of lumber. During the How blessed are the people who have

time when the weather was too cold had these glorious privileges granted unto to lay the courses of rock the men them! Our hearts swell with irrepressible

spent their days in cutting the rock feelings of thanksgiving and joy to our so it would be ready to lay as soon FatherHis Saintsin heavento buildthattheseHe houses.has permittedThey

as the weather permitted. Water now have opportunities to act as saviors

for the workers was obtained from of their fellowmen, which but few genera- a nearby spring. By the summer tions of the children of men have ever enMANT1 PRESIDENTS: great TEMPLE the restoration ROW, of LEFT TOP The work first story of 1885 the ready was H. RIGHT:TO DANIEL WELLS, 188S1S91; will the for joyed.of the dead which time occupy

H. MC1891-1893; LUND,ANTHON JOHN fall plastering the of 1887 and by of future thought generations and has nowALLISTER, 18931906; D.LEFTT. ROW, TO SECOND

RIGHT: LEWIS ANDERSON, 19061933; ROBthe building was ready for its furnbegun, never more to end until the earth

ERT D. YOUNG, 1933-. ishing. is sanctified and the plan of salvation deDuring these years of hard labor demptionvised in theis fullyeternalconsummated.worlds for human rewithin a week this call was answered on the temple it was necessary that

by over 100 men who, on April 30, funds be had for work and material. Finally the longexpected day of

1877, commenced the excavation. President Canute Peterson of the (Concluded on page 379)

Some of these men came from the Sanpete Stake made many tours TOP: MANTI TEMPLE AS IT APPEARED

1883. St. settlements. of the peopleFillmore and George among and IN his own

CENTER: THE TEMPLE

forTrustees the stakes financial surrounding grounds temple to seek BOTTOM: TEMPLEIN IN1886.1888. THE

were elected. These were John B.

Maiben, Luther T. Tuttle and Hans

Jensen. They obtained from the

City of Manti the necessary deed to the temple grounds, which consisted of 27 acres in parcel No. 1 1 7, plat A.

Giant blasts of powder were used to throw out the rock and debris preparatory for the foundation. Some

of these charges consisted of nearly 1000 pounds of powder. The rock

thus blown out was used in the construction of the terraces. So diligently did the workers labor, that

April 14, 1 879, was set as the day for the laying of the cornerstones. During the morning of this day the

weather was threatening and a shower of rain fell. However, a

grand parade was held and after that nearly 4000 people gathered around the temple site, when, in the shadow of the unfurled Stars and Stripes, the cornerstones were laid. In the southeast cornerstone a zinc box was

placed containing copies of The

Book of Mormon, Doctrine and Covenants, and many other books, magazines, and papers. During the

ceremonies the sun burst through the clouds and covered all with its warmth and brightness. As the last

of the people left the hill, rain once more began to fall.

Renewed energy was given to the workers and the walls rose rapidly;,,... -.:::;::.

GROWERS'MARKET, SALT LAKE CITY.

and a limited amount of strawberries and raspberries. Cherries, toIhsL FARMER matoes, peaches, and apricots were

// not raised in large quantities until later. Berries were sold by the

quart and potatoes by the peck or of cheap, bushel. sold much It wasGOES TO TOWN it spoiled, remained unand much

By JAMES H. WALLIS soldWhen,at the however,end of thetheday.city withFormer Associate Editor of the drew the privilege of street marketMillennial Star ing, failure for farmers seemed to

threaten. Two locations were established by private interests as mar-

'he story of the Growers'Market of Salt kets and were rented to the growers

Lake City—a notably successful venture at 25 cents a day. With few saniin voluntary cooperation. tary regulations, and those mostly

violated, the places became So obnoxious that the city condemned

Streamlined, inviting, cleanly, ten miles of the city. During the them, and the farmers now faced a

the Growers'Market stands early morning hours the farmers real issue.

today as an outstanding monuwould load their wagons and set out In the winter of 19101911. the

ment to the force of voluntary cofor Salt Lake City where they might Davis County farmers, who were operative effort. Situated between peddle their produce from door to most affected, organized and apin tithing. of it they Fifth Part paid South Fourth and and West door.

THIS PICTURE AT 4 WAS TAKEN it poor, First required Streets, were and Temple Roads and West DAY IN OF 1909 LATE SUMMER ANDP. M. SHOWSON A

Salt Lake City, Utah, it attracts several hours to make the trip, mostly TWOENOUGHGROWERSTO SECUREWHO HAVEA DESIRABLEBEEN FORTUNATELOCATION buyers and sellers throughout not in the night. The farmer's load conON THE STREET CURB FROM WHICH TO SELL

only the state of Utah, but also the sisted mostly of potatoes, onions, THEIRPRACTICELOADSWASON ONETHE OFFOLLOWINGTHE MAINDAY.REASONSTHIS

OF ORGANIZATION AMONG THE GROWERS cantaloupe, root vegetables, melons, other states of the west, as far disFINALLY LED TO THE ESTABLISHMENT corn, rhubarb, apples, WHICH asparagus, tant as Coast. the Pacific OF THE GROWERS'MARKET.

Behind this concrete structure, lie the dreams and the efforts of many years. Since "necessity is the

mother of invention,"the cooperative farmers'movement was initiated from sheer necessity. The organizers were men who had faith in

Brigham Young's statement:

I can take fifty men who have not a cent, and if they would do as I would wish them to do, they would soon be worth ten thousands, every one of them. I could show

every one of you what a great advantage there is in cooperation. The closer in a

business point of view that a community hold themselves together, the greater will be their joy and wealth.

Back in the "90's,"the chief supply of farm produce for Salt Lake

City was raised within a radius of

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1938

TYPICAL SCENE OF ACTIVITY ON GROWERS'

MARKET, SHOWING PART OF WINTER MARKET

BUILDING AT LEFT.

pealed to the City Council of Salt

Lake City to set aside a section for market purposes. In the group who

made the appeal were: David F.

Smith, John H. Barlow, Jr., John

T. Williams, Frank Smith, John

Jackson, Wallace Muir, Frank Cutler, Wilford Tuttle, and Andrew

Sjoblom. The appeal being granted,

the location was established on Second West, between First South and

South Temple Streets.

Having tasted the fruits of success from cooperative effort, the farmers in April, 1911, incorporated for $10,000.00 as the Salt Lake Market Gardeners'and Fruit Growers'

Association with John H. Barlow,

Jr., president; John T. Williams,

vice president, and David F. Smith, j

1secretary and treasurer and market mPH Hi* 1 fcuimanager. W e-'

The location was marked off into '''*$&$&—

stalls seven feet wide which were....:>*rented for $5.00 a month to non- 'wriilpl

members of the Association and JjflKjfgl$4.50 to members. Sanitary condi-.''vN

"tions police efprotection were and s *-* fl mUmMTfectively established. Conveniences 91 U

I sellers %4:'. Air inbuyersfor both and were

all, successful All introduced. so, ";l';."; * A. R,.. this that 4\ $ "".'. 'JJ. of groupwere the efforts 'fc - H

by the end of the first year considerable stock had been subscribed, a i - ten per cent cash dividend declared, L IIas well as a one hundred per cent stock dividend. In 1918, the present site of the VIEWTREES OFAT GROWERS'THE LEFT MARKETFURNISHEDIN 1919.SHADE THEFOR

In 1913, David F. Smith resigned. market was purchased for $95,000. THE SOUTH PLATFORM. NOTE NUMBER OF

Early in 1916, he was prevailed upIt became necessary to organize a HORSE DRAWN VEHICLES AT THIS TIME.

on to resume his earlier position. new company to handle the propopany, and named David F. Smith,

Seeing the need for a new, permasition. Accordingly, on January 11, president and manager; Ralph Cutnent market, he set to work to an1919, largely under the direction of ler, vice president; Andrew Sjoblom,

that need. automobileswer The treasurer; the secretary. Leo Growers'Barlow, H. Market John J. Muir, service radius the increased ofhad officers arthe completed These diorganized. was Company The seller,to only buyer both not and the for of the purchase rangements rectors of the organization former also state, the the withinwithin but

in property, paying cash by $45,000 states. directorssurrounding of the became comnew or notes the mortgaging propand

erty for the remaining $50,000. The

Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints subscribed in stock $10,000 of the $45,000 cash payment. David A. Smith of the Presiding Bishopric represented this

stock for the Church from 1921 to 1938, having been elected a director.

From this beginning, the market has gone steadily forward, first of all by renovating and remodeling some of the buildings already on the land; by erecting buildings to

care for the growing business adequately. The first building housed

a restaurant, a grocery store, and a

OF AS OFFICERS DIRECTORS JANUARY, GROWERS'193S OF AND MARKET small house. next produce The

left eight: vice director; row, treasurer, Stearns Front Ralph Cutier, secretary, to Hatch, and building produce wholesale was a left president and president, director; row, to right: David and director. F. Smith, Second manager,

Jr., director; director; director; David Joseph Ford, Smedley, Moses A. Smith, N. L. Holhrook, James

Jr., also director. served deceased, as directors Barlow, have John H. both L. Hanson, and house, erected at an approximate and Edward

were among the active organizers. {Continued on page 378)

retired Stearns eighty years, Note: since past has Hatch, now and his place as director was 335 filled in at the stockholders Davis February, annual by Edward meeting 193S.

dust had failed to dissipate entirely his scrubbed, slightly waggish appearance. As Nancy came up he

straightened and called to the man Becko with the team, "Hey, you crazy knothead. Cut that out."

As he spoke he turned to leap from the truck and saw Nancy. ROADS "Hello, preacher,"he called gaily.

"Notice I'm out early?"

I leave.""Yes. heard you By DOROTHY CLAPP ROBINSON to come up where it is "Want

warm?"for thanks. looking "No, I am Nancy FAR: result THUS the foreSTORY of the consumed father.THE your is he?"Where Peter Porter Holverson, and filed two noon's work. they had Then this "All room."dark aroundmarriageable verymuch-inlove young and

still to out hotter hot spend and rural a people community, of a Mormon cut short answer Her was by in at chutes. the hours sheds the and "their anticipating spring"themselves of warning. shout spring one With

in they, others spring with whichfound—the the exception of small one With off truck. the Reid was Nancy to to their friends, decided had go of the sheep the the band on were summer it in to rushed time around see Mr. to at married Conference be Temple June

time. But seemingly poor agricultural range. Wood reach for the bridles of the

liked to the deterwatch debtprospects Nancy accumulated caused and horse, thorrefractory team. One

Peter, highprincipled cautious a and mined, notime-forfoolishness way flailed frightened, reared, oughly out the marriage to postpone unman, young its in a of sheep which robbed was feet. his just behind, fore with Reid, til his times.""better motives Questioning

and his wisdom, and in the anger of her clip. She liked the spirit of camjumped for his father but was not

araderie, sportsmanship, the that impulsivelydisappointment, served Nancy soon enough. had found One hoof

"postbetrothed the that notice on her prevailed. liked the combinaShe its ran mark. Whirling, Nancy the be permanent would andponement"creosote, tion of wool dust and and field. swiftly the across back She embarrass- "engagement was The off."

ment was intensified by the fact that sage. She liked the interest, tinged turned from the telephone just as

familiarity with "their disrespect, never but crowd,"and two couples of Mark they brought the unconscious man

Phyllis, Vera, and were and Lynn who the exhibited her. toward men door. through the lessapparently economically prepared for after the conversation day on The to their marriage, with decided through go **

hill the a there with Reid came plans notwithstanding. these two Well?"for parted, telephone with hopes abanmessage Mr. Wood. postponed—orAnd so Dr. Bruce looked up smiling at the doned. Living with in a discouraged home deliver decided once. it at to She

ill disall seriously father, chronically a over. and bark It was of command. for plant, the shearing She started brothers, couraged younger a workand Dr. Bruce to Nancy's had responded ditch walking along the bank to printenaciously held mother, worn who with speed. unbelievable just message ciples ideals, rebellious inside and the fence. became Nancy

and determined to better her situation. "I must be a born farmer,"she Reid in a state of nerves had been

a chain circumstances, Through restlessly of favorable pacing forth, back and told herself. in "I take delight such she a job secured finally temporary his father's the bed, from through things."as growing immediately Then commissarykeeper ranching a opof huge

hall, into parlor, again. the back and in eration section the country. a nearby cross. of nothing There she was was

Reid Wood, young, impatient, citybred about farming that she did like. Each time he had stopped to look

the called to son owneroperator, ranch of at the ashen face on the Never, never she to down would back go to trip take her assignment. her new The pillow. a the she farm had now that the job made made; was was reached. There

was something about Reid Wood that she break. Of course, a place like this "Will he—is he—?"

to wanted remember. something There was care nearly he will be good "With a farm. not exactly one was Even about Peter that couldn't Holverson she I'll ever. you, good as depend on out as grew sweet and rank forget. resentment There beclover was some

tween Reid Wood and his father that she here. She kicked savagely at a and Nancy here, to give him that

couldn't understand. And so she found clump of it and the cloying sweetcare until I can get a nurse. We

herself crosscurrents job with a among should hospital him have in a but ness of its perfume rose like a stench in her on thoughts her hands and heavy can't He'll him now. probably move spirits. to her the mind. passing she days With found

herself liking her job and her surroundThe plant with its sheds and pole be laid up all summer. I took care

ings, and found herself drawing near to the fences was not in the field but across of him twentyodd years ago when nature her employer, father of his hip thankful it Be was broken. in the of sage. cleared road a space thoughts herBen often found kindlyWood—andinner like that."wasn't something activity a There was about hum of restless to his son, drifting Reid, with whom

she rode and talked, learning something of it that, mingled with the bleating of "But isn't he hurt pretty badly for the cause of his restless discontent—sheep, the shouts of men, made her an old man?"

forget she didn't like farms. She "Old?"Dr. Bruce snorted. "What

Chapter Five crossed the road through the dust. do you think he is? A Methuselah?

Nancy looked about for her emBut it will be no joke at that. He

ployer. A truck, being loaded with is going to have a battle. I'll send.

work at the shearsacked wool, was backed against a a nurse over as soon as I can get ing shedsThewas virtually finished. shed. Beyond it a driver was having one."

Day after day trucks had been going difficulty with a team of young Nancy saw the letdown that back and forth between! the ranch horses. He was trying to back them came over the boy's face. Was he

and the warehouse at Blaine. Three into a narrow space and was doing going to break? Dr. Bruce's shrewd

times a day that crowd of noisy, it badly. He swore profusely as he eyes measured him.

bantering men had crowded about sawed at their bits. "Someone will have to carry on

the cook's long table and with many On the truck helping with the his work,"he said in such a tone as hands but one purpose had gustily loading was Reid. The heat and one might use with a child, "He

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1938

nurse of convictions. Already Mrs.

Chris was up in arms over her NANCY RUSHED AROUND IT IN TIME TO "bossy"ways. Could Reid be a

MR. BRIDLES SEE FOR THE WOOD REACH

TEAM. HORSE, balance wheel? She saw little of REFRACTORY OF THE ONE

REARED, FRIGHTENED, THOROUGHLY REID, him in the week that followed. He FLAILED OUT WITH HIS FORE FEET.

JUST BEHIND, JUMPED FOR HIS FATHER was kept busy with the tag ends of

BUT WAS NOT SOON ENOUGH. shearing; and so far had had nothing

to say to her about her work. She

began to feel more secure.

One day Nancy received a letter from her mother. ".. The crops,"

she wrote, "did not come up at all well. Hay will be poor for it is

not getting near enough water. At

least ours isn't. We may have

enough grain for the chickens but

I doubt it. Father doesn't get any

better. It is so hot and dry for this

time of the year; and it worries him.

Dale is doing the best he can but he is so cross we can hardly live with him. He has a job when haying

starts. Thanks for the money.

You know full well how much we needed it but you must not send any more except for Father. We can

get along and you will need it to go to school on."

The girl read the letter at her desk in the commissary. Bitter tears

blurred her vision. Then stifling,

burning rebellion welled up and dried them. Here, in a room in the

big house a man was lying, an ill, hurt man, but surrounded by every aid to comfort and recovery. Cool

rooms, ice, and everything the market at Blaine provided that would tempt his appetite. Another man,

in another place, who had worked just as hard, was dying for the lack of that vital thing that keeps the must not be worried about it. Think "Perhaps I shall anyway."spark of life fighting. Dying, and

you can keep things going?"his last days embittered by the

Reid's shoulders squared. His All night Nancy and thought of dependent loved ones.

lips, that a moment ago had been Reid sat by the bed watching the What had her father done or not ashen, curled scornfully. "Don't be sufferer and administering opiates done to deserve such a break? What

funny,"he said. the Doctor had left. The nurse did had any of them done that life

When at last Doctor had his not arrive until late the next foreshould give them such a raw deal?

hand on the door ready to leave, noon and then she came with Dr. And with Pete life would have been

Nancy found a chance to ask the Bruce. Her name was Miss Meade much the same, heat and work and

question that had been on her lips and she immediately took charge of babies and doing without. Pete

for the last hour. the sick room. Nancy was so worn would be sweet through it; but how

"Have you seen Daddy lately? by nervous tension and sleeplessness lucky she had been to have escaped.

How is he?"she immediately went off to bed, so Strangely, the thought of her emFor a moment the kindly old did not get acquainted with the ployer came and brought quick color

physician watched a fly on the outnewcomer until the following day. to her cheeks. One could love anyside of the screen. Why worry her She awoke that morning with a one who would take her from such

unnecessarily? heavy sense of depression possessunfairness. She had as much chance

"He's soso. I wouldn't worry ing her. Then as memories of the as any other.

over him."Then to young Wood, accident returned her depression Someone was approaching. Hast-

"I'll get back as soon as I can in turned to apprehension. Beginning ily she used her powder puff.

the morning."He started away but this morning she would be working Through the open window she could

hesitated. "You know, Nancy, I under a new head. What would it hear men's voices.

am glad you have this work. It mean to her work? Whatever came "I knew,"one was saying, "he

helps keep your father's spirits up. or went she must keep her position. could do it iffen he tuk a notion."

If it weren't for your family's need, She could not go home just now. "Yep,"his companion added.

I'd suggest you take nurse's training. Acquaintance with Miss Meade "He's got more of the old man in

You would make a good nurse,"increased her unrest. Here was a (Continued on page 376)

CHILDREN

ADVERSITY

By ARTHUR GAETH Former President of the Czechostovakian

Mission and a member o[ the Faculty,

Brigham Young University

"pEW IN NUMBER, POOR IN THIS WORLD'S GOODS, SCATTERED AND CUT OFF, THESE STORMTOSSED, HEARTSICK SOULS IN THE BALKANS STILL CLING TO THE ONLY

SURE THING IN THEIR LIVES FAITH IN A LIVING GOD. THE FAMOUS IRREDENTIST MONUMENT IN

BUDAPEST, WHICH REMINDS THE HUNGARIANS

THAT THEY HAVE BEEN PLUNDERED.

that there are ten members of the

Church still residing in the Balkan forty conversions in the first six countries. They are the last remmonths of missionary activity benants of once growing branches ginning in September, 1900. Then

whose development was interrupted in 1901 the Elders were banished by the World War. That event and no American missionaries laforced the missionaries out of such bored there until 1903. Two local

cities as Kronstadt, Hermannstadt, Elders, Kortje and Szadorf, carried and Temesvar, where their activities on the work of the American mishad been fruitful in spite of serious sionaries until Elder Szadorf emipolitical and religious obstacles. grated to America and took twenty

Scores of members have been conmembers with him. The returning

verted and sent on to "Zion,"fortyAmerican missionaries were conone emigrating from the Temesvar victed of being emigration agents branch alone. and were banished. They attempted

Strange as it may seem, our recto return as language teachers, but ords show that missionaries first found work beset with many more attempted proselyting in Sofia, Buldifficulties. After 1909 there is no

garia, where Elder Mischa Markow record of progress in Temesvar.

Arthur Gaeth, who has besought converts. In that Slav counIn Kronstadt (Brasov), where

hind him an unusual ten try, which today has five and onework was begun under the same years of experience in Europe, half million inhabitants, every kind Elder Mischa Markow, who first here writes a story of the of difficulty had to be met. The labored in Sofia, Bulgaria, in 1900,

Church in the troubled Baldifficult Bulgarian language emthe branch was slower in developkans, which is made more ployed the strange Cyrillic alphabet. ing, but the results were more pertimely now because of the cenThe prevailing religion was Greek manent. In time, more than forty

tering of world interest on the Orthodox, which had a firm hold on converts were made and work conpolitical stresses in these lands. the peasant people who were more tinued under the direction of a faiththan sixtyfive per cent illiterate. ful local Elder, Brother Bergl. There

Indeed, those first representatives Sacrament meetings were held until Brother\\"K "rs. Vujicic died, Belgrad, ofLaw,theMathis,Church,Wetzel,EldersHardy,Markow,and throughBergl passedthe warawayperiodin 1923. By that

Nov. 24, 1937"was the others who began to pioneer for the time most of the other members had

brief message a card Church in Bulgaria, prewar Auseither migrated to America or hadbroughtMfrom Belgrad, Jugoslavia, triaHungary, and what is now died or been lost to the Church.

several weeks ago. Another of the Roumania, would have interesting Today only six members reside in

few remaining faithful members of experiences to relate about these the old city of Kronstadt.

the Church in the Balkan countries Balkan peoples—about priest persehad passed to her reward. Another cutions, policedodging, expulsions, Tn 1929 and again in 1934 I had

of the children of adversity whose and also startling conversions, for opportunity to visit these memlife the World War had dealt such all members still on record in those bers. They were all women. Their

a disturbing blow was placed beyond lands are staunch Latterday Saints. leader is Sister Helene Bernhardt,

the reaches of this world's adverThe history of those remote daughter of old Brother Bergl. They

saries. branches was a hectic one. In had retained the love for the GosAt present Church records show Temesvar there were more than pel kindled in them in the first

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1938

to paraphrase: Rarely have I seen tional Balkan manner of extortion.

such faith in Zion! He returned to his native village to

In a second community established try his hand at farming. I soon disby these Saxons, I met another covered how poor his lot was. He

family of members, man and wife was custodian of the grounds of the and a little child. It was 9 p. m. little Lutheran church in the village,

when I left the train at Langenau which provided him with a oneroom (Valea Lunga) to be met at the shack and a small income in prostation by Brother Johann Fielker duce. He had tried to make Morand his wife and several of the Germons of all the Lutherans, but they

man villagers. As we walked into did not take him too seriously.

a dark night Brother Fielker told As we reached the other end of me his story. He had been born in the milelong village of Langenau,

this little hamlet and had gone to I was introduced into a little humble,

Germany for work in his youth. oneroom, kerosene lamplighted,

There, in Heme, he had made the earthenfloored home. That night,

acquaintance of another of these as guest of honor, I drew the one

Saxons from Transylvania, a Brothfamily bed, a foot too short for me, er Denndorfer. This man and a while the members of the family

Brother Weber had converted him slept in the shed. Although unable

to Mormonism. The World War to sleep under such conditions, I

mm had time to think about the conditions under which I found myself.

HUCULE GRANDFATHER AND GRANDSON. This community was engaged in

growing grains and grapes. Since

decade of this century. They had 1927 the country had not had a good

wholeheartedly accepted its prinyear. First it was drought. Then

ciples, and, although out of comit was loss of their market through munion with the Church, they lived the depression. That night Brother

according to its principles as they Fielker had told me that he doubted understood them. The Fast meetthat there was the equivalent of five

ing I held with them on the occasion dollars in cash among the three hunof each visit gave them the first opdred people in the village. There

portunity in three and five years was plenty to eat as far as eggs, respectively, to partake of the Sacpoultry, grain, vegetables, and fruits rament. It was not the first opporwent. But often there was no money

tunity they had in that time to bear to buy a few matches or oil for light.

their testimonies, for they met each Taxes took all the loose change that

Fast Sunday to express their apfound its way into the village, and preciation for the Lord's blessings. then people found it difficult to fore-

I asked them for what they had stall foreclosures for backtaxes.

to be thankful. Their forefathers Two months after I left Brother

had come into the Transylvanian A TYPICAL ROUMANIAN PEASANT AND Fielker I received a pleading letter

Mountains from Saxony in 1224 on HIS OUTFIT. from him telling me that a windthe invitation of the Hungarian storm had blown out the windows

king Andreas II. Through seven forced him into the army. At its in his little home. It would cost him

hundred years they had retained close territorial readjustments comthe equivalent of two and onehalf their old German Saxon customs, pelled him to return to Roumania dollars to replace the windows to their German language, their love which had become his native land. keep out the winter's cold, but he

for everything German. They had First he tried his hand in the police could not raise the money to pay for

prospered and reared splendid famservice, but pay was poor and his the glass. Would I kindly lend him

ilies. Then the World War broke Christian conscience would not perthe money?

out, and after the war their territory mit him to increase it in the conven- (Continued on page 375) had become a part of Roumania.

Their hearts still yearned for the old regime, yearned still more for Germany. Now they were in constant

conflict with the new government;

they were fighting a taxation program which they felt unjust. They

were growing poorer. How could

they feel thankful?

And yet, for several hours they expressed their joy at being able to partake of the Lord's Supper. They

wanted to hear about the temple and its ordinances, about salvation JUGOSLAVS IN for the dead, and kindred topics, for, NATIONAL COSTUME.

robbed of much earthly joy, their hopes were in eternity. I was led

JhiL PROTESTORS OF CHRISTENDOM v. (RswsdaiwfL fkpkuuuL Jbif

(bobcdjL and. QmpsudcdL dicL

By JAMES L BARKER Head of the Department of Modern Languages at the University of Utah, and a member of the ECCE HOMO ARCH, JERUSALEM

General Board of the Deseret Sunday School

Union the order of the signatures carries no weight with it, since the list of '"pHis people draweth nigh unto me with their mouth, and signatures is not original, but 1has honoreth me with their tips; but their heart is far from me. been rearranged geographically.

"But in vain they do worship me, teaching for doctrines Neither of leadership was the the commandments of men."recognized or even suspected Rome

—Matthew 15:8, 9. by the state. In 312, Miltiades had

rescript that issued presThedecided,Councilasof betweenNicea (325)the twohad wouldthority, haverecognizedoffered anda meansactive, ofit butbeen"Thebishop of Rome for over a year, ently from Constantine's palace, solution. case. But not the such was parties the to dispute concernproviding for state to aid grants in Antioch are and Alexandria coning of nature relathe and His Jesus churches, the Hosius, flict; a Spannamed the Egyptian episcopacy suption to in the Father, favor of the iard, bishop Miltiof Cordova, not ports Athanasius, episthe Eastern the Athanasian, substance""same [bishop of ades the as Rome], emhim. copacy combats to deHow party, ( against homoousion the and ) peror's in minister councillor... and cide to side which support?

3 "likesubstance"Arian (homoiouecclesiastical affairs."Moreover, self one's Place side the on where party. sion) Council not had The decisions the of the of Council the to church found? be Roman was central called religious been a by in Nicea, as other councils the of this, tradition, a habit, a do To authority, of but the the by head fifth centuries, fourth not and were this in been have would necessary

state, Constantine, not was who to for submitted bishop the of it respect; Rome have been neceswould

life religious, deeply even whose was confirmation their before promulgathat sary to one accustomed see be stained execution his the wife, of by tion the emperor. by the in intervene church these Roman

2 Fausta, of son, her and and who... affairs."

his arose there baptism a disputation only would seek on When

It is sometimes asserted that the in Apostolic deathbed. times in the the He, church at borne too, had

travel and other expenses of the leadership of Rome had been recogAntioch, it was determined that members of the council, had internized at Nicea, but this is not borne Paul and Barnabus "should go up fered in its debates, and had effecout by the facts of history. Rome to Jerusalem unto the Apostles and

tively determined its decisions, and did not raise the question that was Elders about this question."* Here

had then enforced them against the at issue; and Rome took no promi- a decision was reached by those on

Arian party. nent part in its decisions; in fact, whom this responsibility rested, by

represented presbyters, only, two by Apostles, the apparently apand the from emperor, there Apart less in the prominent was Rome church."'the proved whole "by The effica- "directing power, was no no council the than great church of any this the decision statement of of cious unity. expression of Christian list in East. of True, signatures the of the contained Council Jerusalem as the such papacy, west The knew of of the that creed has come Nicea "it to the words: seemed Holy good it later, to In the yet born. be was s to present, the the of down name us."Ghost, and unto There was did place the yet not occupy, papacy Hosius, of occupies bishop Cordova, dictation state and, the no had by itself the installed state without first place, the the of two and names it dictation attempted, would been hesitation. religion Christian The place. presbyters, second Roman with without have doubt been met religion of the the emperor, became writers Later surmise sometimes to rather than obey God "We it in the only not sense that was ought7 that bishop of Hosius Cordova was In times changed. But have man."in the him, sense professed but by representative also of a bishop the 1 of century, the fourth the members it that directed him."by was offer of but contemporary Rome, no contradict council anatheand one

If the episcopacy was divided, evidence. They are also fond of matize the members of another. The

unifying there of means what was stating that the position of the names inspire dedoes not Holy Ghost it of securing harmony, and and representatives how of the Roman at the cisions, revelation has and public was a decision to be reached? "If top of the list immediately after

been, there in the church of had indicates of Cordova, Hosius the bishop centralized century, fourth ausome accorded precedence to Rome. But 3ShotwelI*Acts 15:2.and Loomis, The See of Peter, p. 449.

"Acts 15:22.

JL. Duchesne, (Catholic) Histoice ancienne de ZL. Duchesne, Histoire ancienne de VEglise, vol. II, "Acts 15:28.

VEglise, vol. II, p. 661. p. 660. 7Acts 5:29.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1938

ceased "with the last of the Aposmight suffer the punishment of his appointed as his successor. In mattles."The Apostles have long since impiety.... It was then Saturday, ters of doctrine, the council took middisappeared; only one thing is really and Arius was expecting to assemdle ground, rejecting strict Arianism

important: on which side is the emble with the church the following and also avoiding the Athanasian

peror? Whoever wins the emday: but divine retribution overtook5 expression "onesubstance"or "oneperor, determines the beliefs of the his daring criminalities (heresies)."essence"(homoousian) to express

church or, at least, its official dog- "On the same day which had been the relation of the Son to the Father.

mas. fixed for the triumph of Arius ( ConImmediately after his condemstantine had issued "an absolute nation by the council of Antioch,

Constantine remained true to the command that he should be admitted Athanasius went to Rome where he

Nicene creed: it was his faith, to the communion in the cathedral was declared innocent by a synod

formulated by his council. But he of Constantinople"), he expired (341) of fifty bishops, at which

did not persist long in his zeal for and the strange and horrid circumJulius, bishop of Rome, presided.

the leaders of the Nicene party. In stances of his death might excite a In the meantime the contention

328, Athanasius, the leader of the suspicion that the orthodox ( Athanbetween the two parties had become

Nicene or Athanasian party, had asian) saints had contributed, more acute in Constantinople. The Arian

become bishop of Alexandria, but efficaciously than by their prayers, to leader, Eusebius of Nicomedia, had of accusations havinga been number of to the bishopric deliver the transferred church most been from the10 him, againstbrought in 335 Paul, the replacing of her enemies."Constantinople, his formidable Concause was heard by the synod of stantine, who was as yet unbaptized Athanasian bishop. In 342 EuseTyre which condemned and deand "still considered the Council of bius died, but the Arian party set

posed him. Having gone to ConNice (which the Athanasian party, up another rival bishop to Paul.

stantinople to petition the emperor with his support, had dominated ) as Riots then broke out in the city, for a revision of his trial, he was the bulwark of the Christian faith, resulting in loss of life.

accused of hindering the imperial and the peculiar glory of his own shipment of wheat from Alexanreign,""was attacked by a dan- o secure the peace of the church,dria, and was banished by the emgerous malady.., and received T Constantius, who was Arian, arperor to Treves. Christian baptism"on his death bed ranged with his brother Constans,

The Arians were secretly pro- (337), not from an Athanasian who was Athanasian, to call a gentected by Constantine's sister and, bishop, but from the Arian bishop eral council. Under the presidency

three years after the Council of Eusebius of Nicomedia. of Hosius of Cordova, the synod

Nicea, the Arian leaders, Eusebius The sons of Constantine, Conmet at Sardica in Illyria (343). It

and Arius, were recalled from exile. stantine II, Constantius, and Conadmitted Athanasius to the council

Eusebius restored to the bishwas officeop's from which he had been stans,was againnow recalledreceivedAthanasius,as bishopwhoof andever,adoptedbefore thetheNiceneadoptioncreed.ofHowthe

deposed. Arius'faith was approved Alexandria. After the death of Concreed, the Arian or Eastern bishops

the synod of Jerusalem, aby to Philippopolis protest in favored withdrew constantine had II (340), whotinuation of the synod of Tyre, synod. a separate held where they or Eusebian the Arian Athanasius,

which pronounced his formal acparty elected a rival bishop "and Each council deposed the leaders of quittal: "having therefore left Tyre, renewed their complaints of Athanthe other and the councils anathemathey (the members of the synod of asius to Constantius."These comtized each other.

Tyre) set forward with all dispatch plaints were heard in a council held Some years later (345), through to Jerusalem, where, after comat Antioch (340341) and, though the influence of the Athanasian empleting the ceremony of the consethe Athanasian party had a majority peror Constans, Athanasius was recration of the place, they readmitted in the council, Athanasius was constored as bishop of Alexandria. In

hisArius adherents and into comthe leaving died, 350, Constans of the the influence demned under in obedience,munion, as they sole emperor. Constantius, Arian Constantius, and Gregory said, emperor

to the wishes of the emperor, who (Continued on page 374) had signified in his communication 9Socrates,10Gibbon, EcclesiasticalThe Decline History,and Fall ch.of xxxviii.the Roman

fully satisfiedto them, that he Empire, ch. xxi. THE WALLS OF JERUSALEM was

..."srespecting faith the Arius. of

Religious rivalry was so bitter following this action of the council that the Athanasian, Alexander, bishop of Constantinople, "shut himself up in his church... and prostrating

himself on the ground beneath the holy communion table, he poured forth his fervent intercessions mingled with tears... for several

successive days and nights... for

his petition was, that if the opinion of Arius was correct, he might not be permitted to see the day appointed for its discussion: but that

if he himself held the true faith,

Arius, as the author of these evils,

8Socrates', Ecclesiastical History, ch. xxxiii. Socrates (380- ), a native of Constantinople, continued the history of the Church from the year 309,

where Eusebius ends, to the year 445.

AFTER TWENTYFIVE YEARS T-TlGH TRIBUTE COMES TO ALBERT E. BOWMAN, A MAN WHO

By ALICE CHASE HAS SERVED CHURCH, STATE, AND NATION BY SERVING

PRINCIPLES AND IDEALS FIRST Dr.shouldKagawabringtellsChristianityus that intowe a single speaker was a member of

our business undertakings; President Bowman's Church.

that when we do not, we fail to see Dresident A. G. Crane of the Unireligion in its true light, fail to see versity of Wyoming, while sumthat it is an art concerned with the marizing the remarkable educational

whole of life. achievements and services rendered

Sitting at a banquet table a few by the Extension Service under the weeks ago, enjoying to the utmost able direction of Director Albert E.

the blessings of a fine society, a conBowman, added in substance the folgenial spirit, and good food, I had lowing words: "He is also a religious

the delightful experience of hearing man in the highest sense of the word.

a man highly praised for just that In a very busy life he has found time for taking his religious principles to serve his Church well and in so with him out of his Church and into doing has served his state and this his office, from his office with him community, for this edifice [the L.

to his home, from there to accom- D. S. Laramie Institute], with all the

pany him into all parts of the state, fine things for which it stands, and wherever his work takes him. the service which it is able to render,

The man so honored was Albert is largely due to his religious con-

E. Bowman, Director of Extension victions and loyalty to his church."

at the University of Wyoming, and Further, in a prepared speech,

President of the Laramie Branch of President Crane said among other ofthe Christ Latterof Jesus Church ALBERT E. BOWMAN things: Saints. place of gatheringday The

for honored be any man Why should for service of he years whichwas the Laramie L. D. S. Institute Twentyfive years ago, on Jantwenty-five

of Religion, because it was the most uary 1, 1913, at 4 a. m. on a bithas been paid? Kipling has raised the

beautiful place in the city for a banter cold Wyoming morning, a young same question in "The Wage Slaves":

quet and dance. The guests were man swung down from a delayed "The men who merely do the work

train the in as passenger Laramie, the wage."they For which draw selecta President the of group—the slept through the morning town conscienfor can compensate wages NoUniversity, of college the some of the hours Year. was He New tious, loyal cause, in service and a gooddeans, of Albert the a boy, E. of Bowman, member Board Mormon in likely to particularly paid be no wage of Agricultural graduate State UtahRegents, important Federal and an the service. sold public has Mr. Bowman hired College. "unsight had been He lifeofficial, his of twentyfive years best just to day a the of by mention few Dr. unseen"Knight G. and Henry by the to people of honor day Wyoming. We twentyfive.hundred to Assistant of State become Leader his for achievement. here tonight him An I the newlyorganized attended Exhave banquets Wyoming many is institution lengthened of the a but shadow tension untried Department, venan music, the speeches, thewhere and in Agricultural extension man. Wyoming ture the S. of of U. Department

is did to just ajokes Mr. as monument the Bowman. as one good He were Agriculture the University and of the despise small beginnings. of not day ishonoring E. A. That Bowman. the welcomed town Wyoming—and farmcoaxed, persuaded combatted, and He letting rest the of in spend himnot him by unusual the luncheonand officials legislators, ers, in posistockmen,

in the the night railroad desertedteagiving live. in world which we vision tions high low, he a because and saw station in subzero weather. Less

I agricultural in extension. service of attended have high banquets He where later years than he two was made persisted odds. discouragement against andpraises retiring said to a have been for Director the of State Extension

carried of periods patiently through on He his of achieveofficer notable and after of Wyoming excellent years many in extension agricultural setback and today this office in are ments matter a nowservice, this different. but This was benefit service receiving there thousands are record. of

Its this state state. in of present deSilver Jubilee did... the not end mark Finding his of no members Church its its future velopment, achievements, past career,of a retirement nor the of an in particular liking Laramie, and no this are the promise of man. measureofficer. It did for closing the not them, Albert E. nevermark Bowman for his patience esteem Mr. Bowman We his religion, theless lived around and life.of active professional a man's tactfulness, persistence, for his his for and

has vigorous him a grown Church It It his ideals. industry, his to loyalty has the but of twentyfive a end was

all for high regard branch and a required times deal patience to with many fine ofyear leadperiod cooperative things so, after twenMormon. And opposition, misunderstanding, with withership, tyfive culmination his of the years, with not sharing wife man's a selfishness, misrepresentation. with

all things, state, leaders nation, of andwork, of the of but only part a end fraternity have honoredthat work, with another part to academic highest praise for himself, man with this We honor Mr. Bowman tonight not only

begin on the following day. his work, his religion, and his devofor what he has done, for his lifelong

Before the evening was over, it tion to it. loyalty to noble ideals and to his colleagues,

is. his perbut for he himself what Had apparent that thosewas who knew

less attributes character and beenDirector professional Bowman's life sonalstalwart, he could not he have done what best, placed his religious convictions and created loyalties with him and has done. His loyalty to the best ideals

and Church devotion above and behis many assistants throughout the of the extension service have required him at difficult to times embarrassing and make else, anything state, inyond and recognized his coworkers the naand decisions, his to against stand guns bythat integrating they factors tion large. were the at reThis seems most great opposition pressure. under and heavy

in his character which won friends, markable in view of the fact that not (Concluded on page 375)

A SHORT SHORT STORY Juan out of the way! Now was his

opportunity.

COMPLETE "Speak,"Villa commanded curtly,

ON THIS motioning his aides from the room.

PAGE "Speak."

"There are others who seek this concession who are your enemies,

Senor. In Cases Grandes."There

was a hint of triumph in Jose's thick voice. "Their names?"Villa demanded

quickly.

Among the whispered names were those of the now doomed Miguel and Juan.

It was too easy. Under the sombrero, Jose rubbed his fat hands toITS HIS FACE LOST AIR OF gether slyly. "There are still others,"HESITATED, SMUGNESS. HE

LICKED HIS LIPS, STAMMERED. he began.

HIS ALL FORGOTTEN. WERE BRAVE SENTENCES A curt dismissal—no praise—no promise—those fierce eyes were inscrutable. A feeling of uneasiness

went with Jose Martinez from the little room and accompanied him across the dirty street. REVOLUTIONARY 1 N His own carneceria,

however, that afternoon, much of

Jose's arrogance and goodhumor returned. Doling out bits of fresh

beef, he reassured himself that his CONCESSION request of Villa would be granted.

By GRACE ZENOR PRATT EnHela manana,was still possible.busy when at dusk

they came for him. He met them,

a big knife in his hand, smiling, four feeling akin to fear arose. But he soldiers. They were smiling, too.

was not afraid. Ah, yes, he was ready. The con-

J.ose Antonio Martinez "Que'quiere?"cession—but where? That was a

doffed his hat as he entered the The voice of Pancho Villa was question.

cuarteL Fat and sleekly arrogant, like a pistol shot in the quiet room. A mounted escort waited outside.

he already knew the very words to Jose Martinez started abruptly. His Jose Martinez must walk ahead.

speak. He prided himself on knowface lost its air of smugness. He Porque? It was sultry and late and

ing this rebel chieftain and how best hesitated, licked his thick lips, stamJose was heavy on his feet. They

to approach him. And he was not mered. All his brave sentences passed the cuavtel and did not stop;

afraid. Never! were forgotten. Presently he shifted passed the small shops and the canGeneral Francisco Villa, heavy, his position, gathered himself by an tinas, the adobe houses and stragswarthy-browed, sat talking with effort and spoke quickly, bluntly, gling huts; followed the sandy, curvtwo lieutenants. Unconcernedly, he and to the point. ing road toward the Campo Santo.

noted the entrance of Jose Antonio "I seek the concession to supply Madre de Dios! One never knows

Martinez, ignored him, and conthe army with fresh beef, Senor Jose's breath came in short gasps. tinued to discuss weightier details. General. There are others—In spite of the heat a chill crept up

Outside the barred window, dust "Si, there are others, amigo,"his spine. He shivered as with cold,

swirledstreet—crowdedalong the bynarrow,thousandscrowdedof Villa'singly upondarkhisglancevisitor.rested searchforeboding!There were others there, waiting

troops in drab and nondescript uni- "Si, mi General, it is of those among the broken tombs beside a form. There was the distant tramp others I would speak."Some of newlydug trench. Their faces

of many feet, the more distant tread Jose's composure had returned. Now were ghastly in the late twilight.

of a sentry just outside the door. was his great moment. His black Just outside the wire enclosure,

The air was pungent with the odor eyes were eager. A butcher who Francisco Villa sat on his great

of wood fires, camp fires. supplied the rebel army with its horse, facing them. He was silent

Beneath the huge sombrero, Jose meat. Later he might live like a too, grim as vengeance, inevitable as

Martinez rubbed his heavy hands king! Quien sabe. justice.

together expectantly and shrugged "I have one little word to say, The firing squad took aim. It

one fat shoulder. He knew what he Senor General."Jose moved nearer, was in that last brief moment before

must say. Still, as the minutes confidentially. He lowered his voice, eternity that Jose Antonio Martinez

lengthened and he stood unnoticed his manner wary yet eager. He knew why he must die. Pancho

by the door, he felt both his assurcould not conceal that eagerness. If Villa never trusted any man who

ance and his memory slipping. A he could but get that Miguel and had betrayed another.

Educated!

'"There are some facts to face, for teachers and students and all of us, as another school year closes and before another year begins.

H. CSNELL

Director of L, D. S. Institute,

Pocatello, Idaho

so bald a way, but it would be poslearn a great deal—in good homes sible to quote much authority in and good schools—about how to

edge—support chieflyof thein viewthe sensethat ofknowlinfor- doubtfultake careifoftheybodilylive health,on a verybutmuchit is mation and book learning—is still higher physical level as a result of it.

greatly overdone in education. Space Young men and young women are

permits but a single quotation. It not using tobacco and liquor less

is from one of America's sages, Altoday than formerly, are they? Yet

fred North Whitehead. He says: they surely know the facts concern-

"My own criticism of our traditional ing these things. And the children,

educational methods is that they are are they building sounder bodies for far too much occupied with intellecthe strains of the highly complex tual analysis, and with the acquirelife they are entering? One may

ment of formularized information. properly be alarmed when he reads

... We are too exclusively bookish the Payne Foundation studies with

in our scholastic routine."(Science reference to the ill effects of the

DUCATED!!"and the Modern World, p. 278). movies on the health and morals of

Difficulties in practice, in school children, or when he thinks of the graduHarvard young A forces of society other our many out, to get disappear tend as and we is to to sent said the ate have"E disintegration tending of the toward theories. better trouble be The may this laconic atfolks message home childhood. generally that a not hold do we baccalau- a received theon he day If inquire the mental on and we is. of theory sound knowledge what justreate degree. not I do know living for of of results moral planes it as regard Should synonymous we graduate the young meaningwhat schools, our not knowledge do we facts, information? This with with

I to think convey, but oneintended find is that too reassuring. much it is of certainly conceiving one way

it ridiculousness in theelement was high college school teacher or The it dictionary support. has good and at four years thatof assuming I fear, student groups, knows few If the to thus wishes one employ In really him.college educated had in to conversation which has do with object. term, view no one can The believe not case today doany we social of questions personal betand is facts, that than more knowledge

training schoolthat anyformal justice terment, of the naamong it is plus information however—that years, of throughwhere, any number tions, to obligations one's of and in the experience gained applying

anyone. educatecan circles in faculty "the Even God. life that a situations to facts

this, go the believe not but do is we the allabsorbing often team"We living abundant more results—thisso all for acting the in schools theon topic. the do young people—And to to view seems a sounder be me

if If did. ask as youworld why we delightful for certainly as are they take. to teacher parent for the and educate anyone,schools one cannot all true great with fills It teachers—discuss old the grand knowledge word

is that oneare usually theyanswer inenthusiasm, they meet when with a meaning. profound and new into teach. insided they what Go together, the characters and it It for equivalent wisformally an makes particularly classroom,almost any events of the read? they great books will agree, wisdom, dom; you and see the grades, can andabove you they great books? read many Do is information. thing greater a than school,"Dr. asthe "knowledge Bible, for the example? about How

Ernest Carrol Moore has called it, We are all for this kind of knowlAnd are they loVers of art and in operation. The supreme object edge. If we were emphasizing, in poetry and music and philosophy?

of the teacher in such a school seems the home and in the school, this Not conspicuously so, I think. If we

to be to give information and to inwider and deeper type of learning judge at all by what the prophets duce students to get it by study. our emphasis would not be so much of the social order are daily crying

Even the most optimistic observers misplaced. I think that we are not out, we cannot pride ourselves overmust see that there are still too many doing this to any great extent. At much on the accomplishment of our

knowledge schools—those which any rate, we are not getting the knowledge schools.

"give us facts, sir, nothing but facts."results in personal integration and

I am quite aware that few teachers social progress, which should come "D UT the schools are not all to blame.

like to admit this when it is put in from such emphasis. Our youth There are other powerful edu344

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1938

cational agencies which have sigus of the dignity of facts when he lovingly called his monks, the words nally failed to support the higher declares that "He who will not face of the Gospels in the Saxon tongue.

aims of the schools. Such are the facts does not believe in God."There was Galileo, who was disdaily press, the radio, and the movLet us by all means have facts honored by the Roman Church being picture. Of the newspaper we then, but let us keep them in their cause his scientific writings overhear that it has ceased to be an place. They are the bread of life, threw the notion, held by the

agency for the dissemination of news but man cannot live by bread alone. Church, that the earth was the center

and has become an agency for Neither can the school as man's chief of the universe and did not move.

propaganda; that it has "the vice of agency of education. The school

the gossip systematized, commerneeds more emphasis on ideal values. Tn our own times there have been

cialized, and multiplied by the powIt needs somehow to make these Florence Nightingale, heroine ers of the telegraph, printing press, values vital for youth. It needs to nurse of the Crimean War, and

and mails;"that "crime and scandal inflame youth with a love of truth, Frances Willard, crusader against

receive"in its columns, "a thousandbeauty, and goodness in all their sinister modern evils. I can but menfold disproportionate prominence."rich varieties of expression. It tion other women who lived for ideal

(Hayes, Introduction to the Study needs to do this so well that its values, such as Alice Freeman Palmof Sociology, p. 682.) Of the radio youth go out from college halls to er, Clara Barton, Mary Slessor,

an educational authority, after pointdo true, good, and beautiful things Madame Curie, and Jane Addams.

ing out its great possibilities for Among men of our day none stands education, says, "But everyone, also, higher than Lincoln. Words of his

is only too well aware of the kind I learned when a boy are in keeping of influence the radio brings into the with his whole life and show him to home. It is almost impossible to be truly one of the immortals. These

hear, for any length of time, either words are: "I can stand with any

good music or instructive speaking. man who stands right, stand with

The radio has become commercialhim as long as he is right, and part ized until it is almost a nuisance. with him when he goes wrong."

Suggestion and reiteration are used Pioneer groups, such as our own to persuade listeners that A is the parents knew, usually produce many oronly toothpaste good that B's is people of character, of ideals—and store that patronize."the they should of ideals. the embodiment You and

Teaching ( Reran, Management and friends—and to theTechnique, p. 8. ) As enemies moving sometimesI know, amongamongourour

picture one needs but read the little great heroic souls. Their glory, as

book, Our MovieMade Children, with the dead, consists not in their the summary volume of the Payne being known to history—that were

studies of the cinema,Foundation in the nobility vanity—but

to realize that it can become a menin the world and so to become in inof theiritself living. great, become They

ace, in irresponsible hands, to the themselves the embodiment of these shining examples to their contemvalues. personal Genuine supreme education.best interests of poraries and to those who come afSociety"the "Great success and criticism, Destructive such as I of terward.

have been quoting, has its place good will among men come only by Given a certain cultural environ- a fact which many good people of this road. ment, genius itself perhaps may

the booster variety forget. The old I will grant that the schools are produce such leaders but at best

structure, unsuited to new needs, not utterly failing in this their highthey will be too few. Education

must be remodeled or torn down est function. Wherever ideals are should be more effective in producaltogether. They serve society well held up by teaching and example, ing them. Will anyone today claim

who do this thankless task for inthey become virile forces for better that it is effective? Its purposes

effective social ideals and patterns living. And we have true fathers the seven cardinal aims, for example

of behavior. Yet there always reand mothers and great teachers in—appear quite adequate, yet only

mains the brighter task of building the schools, and great souls who are two or three of them seem even in on such foundations as are able to neither teachers nor parents. No a fair way of realization. The

stand. And this is my major task community is without them. They schools are achieving results as they

in the present writing. To achieve are the salt of the earth, are they never did before in the "Three R's"it I must get back to my discussion not—these people of ideals? and in vocations. But are they sucof knowledge. May I remind you of a few of ceeding greatly in getting people to

We need still as our educational them? There was the gentle spend their leisure time more sanely

foundation these facts which I have Gautama who forsook princely livor in preparing worthier members of been belaboring. General observaing to find a way of escape for man the home circle, or in citizenship and

tion and scientific study cannot give from old age, disease, and death'character training? And what, I ask

us too many of them, neither can we and found it, after much experiment you, are the schools doing to prooverstress their value as raw maand suffering, in the noble "eightmote desirable religious living?

terial for living. Oliver Wendell fold path."There was Socrates, A great teacher, Prof. Charles E.

Holmes says, in his Autocrat of the who refused to nullify his teachings Rugh of the University of CaliforBreakfast Table, something to the for the pleasant places, the food, and nia, stresses the view that we are effect that when one's opponent in wine of Persia, but drank instead the such creatures as need the ethical, argument theorizes too far one must hemlock in a prison cell. There was the moral, and the spiritual life. We

stick a fact into him like a stiletto the 'Venerable Bede,'who bravely need to react on these levels because and bring him to earth. And Harry fought death back that he might give we are made this way. No life can

Emerson Fosdick potently reminds to his "boys,"as the old man (Concluded on page 371)

UJJwl two p&0pI*L hsdsmL mid pkL ufL FRAGMENTS

By HELEN GARDNER with violets for her. She could look

out of the big east window down onto the street just a few minutes before six almost any night and see him buying them from the little old flower woman on the corner. But

BACK INTO MAURICE WENT vase THE the a week, been had empty for GATHCAREFULLY AND BEDROOM shattered it lay there and on OF THE now FRAGMENTS ERED UP THE

SLOWLY, LITTLE BLUE VASE. THE the bare floor. SHE FITTED PAINSTAKINGLY

PIECES TOGETHER. Like her married life, she thought

suddenly. With one angry, sweeping gesture she had shattered the

lovely union that she and Chris had builded.

She stared down at the blue fragments. Was this marriage of theirs

such a fragile thing—that was in

the beginning to have lasted for all the years to come? She held the

planned as it is, you know,"he back of her hand against her trem-,he fragments of blue grinned down at her, "without buybling mouth remembering that daychina lay scatteredT on the bare floor ing a vase or a highboy either."But that seemed so long ago when she

before the halffilled trunk. Maurice by that time he had the vase tucked and Chris had made their promises

sat down on the bed among the piles safely under his arm. together. And Chris had looked

of lacy chiffons and filmy hosiery. They were out in the street again. down at her steadily and repeated,

She didn't cry. She just sat still "I thought we weren't going to buy "For time and all eternity."For

and stared. anything in there,"he eyed her time and all eternity he'd been

go. promised had let him she her and just say you "Didn't you before, lovely blue sternly. the A moment done! she had Dear God! What it like inwas see what wanted to dainty with the godGrecianvase

dess had stood on the edge of the side?"

feet, leavtrunk ready to be packed away with And suddenly without any warnOhe was on her

Christy's picture. Now, because of ing to the people around them, they ing the neat piles strewn across the

that thoughtless, angry, sweeping were laughing right out loud. bed in disorder. Her hands were

gesture it lay shattered. They'd laughed at everything toshaking as she lifted down the receiver. She flipped it up and down gether—then. the vase Chris bought had She and noisily, there answer. but no was vase taken they'd the so And littleat just place auction a queer that she'd she had remembered Then old nice highboy found a and off home five Street, that nearly dayMarket the disconnected. telephone She it for that sandpapered Chris and ago.years They'd been buying her coat her over rumpled threw on restained. they home came When all for thefurniture apartment. day the to frock ran house and down first the thing at night the vase was had! fun Chris they'd wasWhat phone. desk the they they opened when saw to person shopping a grandsuch go called Christy's company, and She door.with. impatiently while conthey waited it. loved Maurice Chris knew

"Do you know, Maurice,"he'd from the way his eyes lighted up nected her with someone who knew laughed, while he kept right on bidwhen he opened the door that to him where he was staying.

ding for the vase, "with all the the little Grecian vase stood for all A deep masculine voice was sayfurniture we've bought today, we of the loveliness of their tiny fouring, "Mr. McLaughlin is leaving for

thing ahaven't today."the 2:20 on home. was so Colorado home we can set this on roomed A real

it."getafter we their leaving! marriage he hadn't him. Until He was new to Why,

"I know,"she'd pleaded, "but it's he'd never known anything but enplanned to go for at least two weeks.

so lovely, we've got to have it. We'll gineering camps and boarding She looked down at her watch. It

buy a highboy for it."nouses. was quarter to two. She dressed as

"We're spending more than we He always kept the vase filled quickly as she could.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1938 "111 pay you double fare, if you "I've changed my mind,"she said. She stood up. "I'll have my lawcan get me to the station before the "I'm not going to move."yers get in touch with you in a day

2:20 leaves,"she promised the cab The men glanced at each other or two, Mr. Driggs."

driver. as though they thought she was out "But surely you can tell me——

"I'll try, lady,"he grinned at her. of her mind. "I'm sorry,"Maurice said firmly

But at every corner the stop signals "I knew women changed their in her very best business manner, flashed a grinning red eye at them minds about most things,"one of "but I'm very busy. I I'm

as they drew near. them muttered as they went away. due at a conference right now."

not to whether you want know all to lovely could things just reach Chris If she be- "But did come So not or is just about to movefore the Chris it endbreach between end. them the an wanted And

widened. limit."ed. Maurice laid her head down

the laugh laughed, but Maurice tiny desk, that the had her hope on stop. to cab screeched a She The quite I'm not steady. "Maybe was the long, lonely carried her throughheld the of to the bars with gate on fool,"thought. she a out. flickered and went summer pull train theone watched hand and the the gently placed vase on She sevshe looked next up day Theout. tears eyes blurred her The It didn't the same. look highboy. diin the eral telephone lawyers if that at ofso Chris badly any was little tiny the cracks All showed, of call of didn't rectory, but any shethe didn't she him. see windows lines. a queer white made They the next. or that them day One train, lady?"your "Miss little scar the Grewhite jagged on the telephone pick did she up day hard. swallowed She cian forehead. goddess'call Rutlidge, to AttorClark and there'll eight at another "Well, be it for at a looking long stood She just then her neysat-law, but owntonight."cry. time, didn't Chris she but had little rang. a telephone gave She it's afraid you, but I'm "Thank little just scar over a white funny relief. call lawof sigh She'd the latetoo the to back now."She went left his eye. yers tomorrow.bare apartment. highboy was The putting things back. began She Christy's voice. said "Hello,"curtainsempty. been had The late night into getthe She worked said, the "Hello!"but Mauricetaken the the from windows, and in order. ting everything She hardly she could telephone so shooksoft rolled up, rug gray ready was couldn't from another take day away it. holdfor the van. of moving door The office to to rather not or the move, I just is Chris, Maurice. "This flungthe open, bookcase was and they move. wondered what She in lunch to town. got Will you go in piledthe books large a were if that out they found say would aren't to or me, with supposed we box.wooden all. after hadn't she moved that we're speaking terms on be now

The apartment looked just the Well, she'd have to be back on divorcing each other?"

morning, early in she the the job they'd found it,way it had when though sounded He happy—as wearily, climbed into it so lovely. she as thoughtand thought glad they he were divorcing were

"Maurice,"Christy had shouted, bed. Oddly enough, the job didn't each other. "Can't you get off now?"

it.""It's as important a got take a fireplace. Let's as it had seem week so,"she managed. "I—I suppose to give she'd refused when mirror silverframed can go ago, "My calmly, as it "Fine,"he said though

over it,"she'd answered, "and we'll up to follow Christy. She didn't it were a perfectly natural thing for

either. important so They for this feel hereneed a divan along to take after to lunch her sendcould him

find her place. easily to fill someone here, chairwall and an odd maying his to see around lawyer when

be, and the lovely grey rug we saw The hot summer dragged itself she was going to divorce him. "I'll

in the furniture store Was just made into autumn. Maurice earned a probe around in fifteen minutes."He

for this room."motion. She was now head of the arrived in ten.

department, advertising there but "It's real I've the only ever the took her to Tree "Pepper home He wasn't worked in it. She any thrill her. toldhad,"Christy had a as as though He'd calmly Inn"it were

laughed at the frilly curtains and all hard because she had to keep from perfectly ordinary place to take her of the pillows strewn on the bed. remembering, but somehow the joy to lunch.

He'd laughed at her, too, for paintseemed to have gone out of her work. She wondered if he had forgotten

ing the kitchenette over in ivory, but so much in so short a time.

he'd liked it all, just the same. r\ Mr. Driggs called to "What do you want, Maurice?"

And of course there was the little see her one day at the office. He She looked down the menu. It

blue vase on the highboy, and the placed his small black derby hat on was at the very bottom. "Gingerfaint odor of violets in the room. her desk, drew up a chair and unbread and a glass of milk."

invited sat down in front of her. He looked at her suddenly, but

JMLaurice went back into "My client asked me to call on she wouldn't meet his eyes. So he

the bedroom and carefully gathered you, Mrs. McLaughlin, and find out did remember, then.

up the fragments of the little blue just what has been done about the She watched his face while he vase. a tube of found proceedings."glue that divorce She

left. Christy painstakSlowly, had "Why, I "ordered.there were Hetinylookedwrinklesthinner,under andhis

ingly she fitted the pieces together. "He wants to know on what eyes. The white scar over his eye

She'd never been very good at fixing grounds you are getting the divorce looked longer than she had rememthings so it took her a long time. and where you plan to get it, Mrs. bered it. For an instant she thought

The door bell jangled, but she McLaughlin?"he interrupted her. she could not control the longing

didn't hear it. Someone pounded Maurice stared blindly at the to run her fingers along it. Just

on the door. She held the vase in stranger. It was to have lasted then he looked up at her. The longher hands when she went to answer forever—worlds without end. And ing must have been still in her eyes,

it.—now this sneering little man was because after a moment his eyes

"Come in,"she called. telling her that there was to be no changed. The queer hard look softIt was the men for the furniture. mending—no small white scars. (Concluded on page 374)

uERA"WORKERS

By JOHN D. GILES ESTABLISH NEWField Supervisor, Y. M. M. 1. A.

CHURCHWIDE RECORDS Sihid&A, madsL iowaJuL fdadrn ihsL "fchcu'uL nv&uf. homsL

a "Rra"becomes most widely DISTRIBUTED periodical in the history of the Church.

Enthusiastic Missionary spirit sweeps away all obstacles and SETS new mark ThemostErasuccessfulhas just completedcampaign itsin fortyone years. Unsatisfactory business conditions, floods,

low crop prices, and a dozen other factors conspired to break the spirit and enthusiasm of more than 5,000 field workers in stakes and wards, but to no avail. A fervent missionary spirit that thrives under obstacles

pervaded the campaign from the start and followed through to a glorious finish.

Every previous record in Era campaigns was broken; not only broken

but greatly exceeded. Here are

some of the outstanding accomplishments of this greatest of all Era campaign.

More total subscriptions than have ever been received by any periodical in Church history.

More subscriptions from stakes.

More subscriptions from wards.

More subscriptions from missions.

More subscriptions from mission branches.

More stakes receiving cash refunds.

More wards receiving cash refunds.

More missions receiving cash refunds.

More branches receiving cash refunds.

Subscriptions of Highest Highest "B"Number STAKES total subscriptions ever reached by CLASS AND MISSIONS—any stake. A. Baker, President First George row, Leo J. Muir; left to right: STAKE, LOS ANGELES

Highest total subscriptions ever reached by Superintendent of Y. M. M. I. A.; Geneva Langlois, President of Y. W. M. I. A.; Arnold G. Morris,

Director Director. appointed.) Y. I. A. Era Y. (No Era M. M. I. A. W. any ward.

left right: Young, F. President row, Smith; Cannon toIY1. George Second Winslow ENSIGN STAKE, total subscriptions ever reached by Highest I. of President Chester of P. Clawson, Superintendent Y. A.; Louisa Y. E. Larsen, M. M. M. 1. A.; W.

any mission. Y. M. M. I. A. Era Director; Anne Smith, Y. W. M. I. A. Era Director.

left right: Superin- G. Bates, President Parley to Third row, Samuel A. Dye; STAKE, OGDEN Highest

I. I. Alfen, President A.; P. of M. Child, Nicholas of Y. total subscriptions ever reached by tendent Lula M. Y. M. A.; Van W. any branch. Edling, I. Director; Y. Director. M. 1. Era A. A. Era Mary M. Y. M. W.

Highest per cent of homes ever reached by Fourth row, SALT LAKE STAKE, left to right: President Wilford A. Beesley; Joseph F.

I. H. Superintendent of President Arzella A.; Smith, Steenblik, M. William M. Y. Y. A.; M. mission, or W. branch. ward, any stake,

I. Director; Mrs. William Director. Y. Eamshaw, H. Earnshaw, Era A.I. M. I. Era Y. A. M. M. of W. for received ever Era subLargest check

left right: Fifth row, to Jr.; President Reeder, William Dr. Ross H. H. MT. STAKE, OGDEN

scriptions. I. I. Mrs. I. of A.; Price, Superintendent President M. Myrtle of Y. A.; Dr. M. McCune, Y. M. W.

And it might be added the happiest group McKell, Y. M. M. I. A. Era Director. (No Y. W. M. I. A. Era Director appointed.) J.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1938

of Era workers and subscribers we have led the Church but was winner by Era Director Arnold G. Morris, with

ever had. such a margin as to establish a new the full cooperation of the HighSixtynine stakes, seven hundred and twenty-nine wards, four missions, and one vision of the possibilities of the Council, all bishops and their counhundred and twentyfive branches, reachfuture. With a stake quota of 413, selors, and stake and ward M. I. A.

substantial increase over the refund—aed their quotas and received the cash Los Angeles Stake officers, led by officers, set their own quota at 1,560, in President the Leo his counof and L. D. S. the number Muir homes highest figures ever reached. we have

stake. selors, figure Superintendnot Y. only This I. A. was M. M.J.

Of outstanding note in the cament George A. Baker and his assistreached, but was exceeded by 55

paign was the attitude of Era Direcants, Y. W. M. I. A. President subscriptions. The total on April

tors and field workers toward stake Geneva Langlois and counselors and 19, was 1,615, representing 390% of and ward quotas. For the most part

the objective "The Era in Every

Home"completely obscured the quota. The result was that the Era

missionaries made a sincere and determined effort to carry the "Voice of the Church"to every Latterday

Saint home.

The citation stakes finished as follows: CITATION WINNERS, 193738 Group B Highest Number of Subscriptions 1. Los Angeles.

2. Ensign. 3. Ogden. 4. Salt Lake.

5. California Mission.

6. Maricopa.

7. Mt. Ogden

Highest Percentage of Quota 1. Los Angeles.*

2. Maricopa.*

3. Ensign.*

4. California Mission.*

5. Idaho Falls.

6. Cache. 7. Kolob.

Group A Highest Total Number of Subscriptions 1. San Francisco.

2. Eastern States Mission.

3. Big Horn.

4. Snowflake.

5. Long Beach.

Highest Percentage of Quota 1. North Central States Mission.

2. San Francisco.*

3. Eastern States Mission.*

4. Juarez. 5. New York.

6. Chicago.

7. Union.

* Starred stakes are double Citation winners. A total of twenty stakes are to be

awarded Citations.

Stakes With Highest Percent of Homes

Receiving Era Los Angeles..103.5%

....70% BlaineJuarez of Subscriptions STAKES 42% CLASS "A"Number AND

Maricopa 61% Burley 42% First Winter; row, Stephen H. MISSIONS—Highestleft to right: President STAKE, SAN FRANCISCO

San Francisco....58% Curlew 41% Hobson, Superintendent of Y. M. M. I. A.; Margaret Sltephenson, President of Y. W. M. I.V. A.Lindsay(also

Snowflake 54% Idaho Falls....41% Y. W. M. I. A. Era Director); Grant Ursenbach, Y. M. M. I. A. Era Director.

Raft River 52% Deseret.41% Second row, EASTERN STATES MISSI'ON, left to right: President Frank Evans; John Fam

Nevada 47% Kanab 41% Larson, Supervisor of Y. M. M. I. A.

Lethbridge 46% San Juan 41% Third row, BIG HORN STAKE, left to right: President Archie R. Boyack; R. L. Allphiny

I. I. A.,- President (no J. Croft, of photo available);: A. Y. Elna M. W.

I. Director. Director; Wilkerson, Era Era A. M. Y. A. RubyBig Horn 44% Union 41% SuperintendentReed J. Thomas,ofY.Y.M.M.M.M.I. W.

Los Angeles Again Excels Fourth row, SNOWFLAKE STAKE, left to right: President Samuel F. Smith; Frederick A. Turley,

Superintendent of Y. M. M. I. A. (no photo available); Florence I. Denham, President of Y. W. M. I. A.;

["os Angeles Stake for the fourth Virgil M. Flake, Y. M. M. I. A. Era Director; Mrs. Nellie Merrill, Y. W. M. I. A. Era Director.

consecutive year again led the SuperintendentFifth row,of LONGY. M. BEACHM. I. STAKE,A.; Audreyleft Snow,to right:PresidentPresidentof Y. JohnW. W.M. I.Jones;A.; C.KarlEd.M. Walter,Ward,

entire Church. This stake not only Y. M. M. I. A. Era Director; Ruth B. Lindquist, Y. W. M. I. A. Era Director.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1938

the stake quota, and 103.5% of the of dollars, came during the campaign being conducted in his honor, reach-

L. D. S. homes in the stake. but the "carryon"spirit of Southed the highest mark in the history

Four hundred workers engaged in ern California saved the situation, of the Salt Lake City stakes both in the campaign. Each person securing made possible the most glorious victotal subscriptions and in percent of

four subscriptions became a member tory in Era history, and made Los quota. This record makes Ensign

of the "Los Angeles Stake Era Four Angeles a double Citation stake Stake a double Citation stake. The

Hundred Club."Rains, floods, again this year. quota of 822 was exceeded by 289

destruction, and property damage Ensign Stake, home of President for a total of 1,111 by April 19, when running into hundreds of thousands Heber J. Grant, with the campaign the campaign closed. Workers

continued, however, until the grand total of 1,184 was reached, although the subscriptions received after

April 19 were not credited in the campaign.

San Francisco in Group A led by a substantial margin in total subscriptions and led all other stakes in percent of quota, also. Only North

Central States Mission had a higher percent of quota in its class. San

Francisco finished in fourth place in percent of homes reached. Its Balboa Ward was among the leading

wards of all the Church in percent of quota. The Golden Gate Stake

was one of the first of the large stakes to reach its quota and kept right on until 230.9% had been secured. It was San Francisco's first

big successful campaign, but it carried the stake into the top ranks of the entire Church, and to double

Citation honors.

Maricopa Stake, with a quota of 459 and a selfset goal of 1,000 was divided during the campaign but still secured 774 subscriptions. The

wards which constitute the new

Phoenix Stake exceeded their share of the 1,000 goal but the reorganization retarded the campaign leaving the total at 168.5% of the quota in

place of slightly more than 200% as planned, but still making the Maricopa-Phoenix Stake a Citation winner.

Ogden and Salt Lake Stakes staged one of the close races for total subscription honors. At one

stage of the Campaign Ogden threatened the two leaders Los Angeles and Ensign, but apparently the higher goals set by the rival stakes carried them beyond reach.

Salt Lake Stake with an eleventh hour campaign exchanged places with Ensign in last year's campaign among the Salt Lake City stakes, of Quota finishing fourth after a gratifying CLASS "A"STAKES AND MISSIONS—Highest Percentage

First row, NORTH CENTRAL STATES MISSION, left to right: President David A. Broadbent; and encouraging campaign.

S. George Ellsworth, Supervisor of Y. M. M. I. A.

Stecond row, JUAREZ STAKE, left to right i President Claudius Bowman; Bryant R. Clark, Superintendent of Y. M. M. I. A.; Maud- T. Rentley, President of Y. W. M. I. A.; Oren Rotnney, Jr., North Central Leads All

Vivian Skousen, Y. Director; A. Era Director. M. I. A. Era W. Y. M. M. I.

right: left President Harvey Fletcher; David D. Paine, Missions to row, Third STAKE, YORK NEW

Superintendent of Y. M. M. I. A.; Louisa W. Luke, President of Y. W. M. I. A. (no photo available);

Harrison J. Merrill, Y. M. M. I. A. Era Director. (No Y. W. M. I. A. Era Director appointed.) KTorth Central States Mission

left right: E. A. Matheson,- Baugh, President Lyle to W. Fourth row, STAKE, CHICAGO

Clark, President of Pond, set a new high mark for percent Lloyd D. S. M. I. A.; Y. W. of Y. Superintendent A.; Ruby M. M. I.

Y. M. M. I. A. Era Director; Merydith Edmunds Evans, Y. W. M. I. A. Era Director. of quota in any mission. The preleft SuperinBean, Bean; to right: President William George G. A. Fifth row, STAKE, UNION Sr., vious high record was 232.1 % of the Hiatt, President Jack Fern of Y. Geddes, I. A.; M. I. A.; W. of Y. M. M. tendent

Y. M. M. I. A. Era Director; Julia R. Hiatt, Y. W. M. I. A. Era Director Eastern States Mission last year;

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1938

the new figure set by North Central uled to be a part of the opening sesAt the close of this most successful

States this year is 278.4%. sion of the June Conference. Presof all Era campaigns, not only conCalifornia Mission retains its ident Heber J. Grant is expected to gratulations and commendation are

place at the head of all missions in be present and has been invited to extended to all who have helped in total subscriptions with 845. This make the Citation presentations. any way, but also sincere thanks and

is ]/2 less than last year. Special recognitions will also be exappreciation for the most encouragJuarez Stake came near the place tended to Citation stake representaing cooperation which has been exoccupied in former years with tives in the.Era department session tended. "The Era in Every Home"

195.1% of quota, to become a Citaof June Conference, Saturday mornis becoming more than a slogan. It

tion stake, with New York, Chicago, ing, June 11. is on its way to becoming a reality.

and Union following closely and all three claiming Citation honors.

Idaho Falls, Cache, Kolob, and

Mt. Ogden Stakes complete the list

of Citation stakes as a result of effective and successful campaigns.

Idaho Falls, claiming the oldest Era

Director, Mrs. Martha Jackson of

Lincoln Ward, 72 years old, waged a consistent campaign nearly equaling the record campaign of that stake last year. Cache and Kolob were two

of the large stakes that secured their quotas early in the year and having won Citations rested upon wellearned laurels. Mt. Ogden surged

into the Citation group in the last weeks of the campaign, winning almost the same position among the leaders as was occupied last year.

Many interesting highlights of campaigns in stakes and wards not listed among the leaders would make interesting reading if space were available. Tooele Stake, honoring

President Heber J. Grant, its former

Stake President, reached its quota for the first time in the fortyone years the Era has been published.

Its final percent of quota was 1 06. 1 %

Parowan Stake used radio talks over the local station and had nearly 50% increase over last year. Blackfoot

Stake, Raft River, Star Valley,

Granite, West Jordan, East Jordan,

Alpine, Long Beach, Nevada, Duchesne, Summit, Twin Falls, Roosevelt, and many others conducted campaigns impelled by the true missionary spirit and with excellent success. In fact practically every

stake in the Church responded to the

Era spirit, and while many did not reach the goal, substantial gains were made and an excellent foundation laid for the campaign next year.

One of the most encouraging features of the campaign is the nummissions,ber of stakes, wards, of Percentage "B"and CLASS STAKES Quota AND MISSIONS—Highest their reachingbranches quotas and First left L. Stapley, Price; Delbert to right: President James Robert STAKE, row, MARICOPA

Superintendent former of Y. Brimhall, President A.; of M. Neoma M. I. Y. W. M.securing the awards. cash These

Director; I. A. Director. Era Montgomery, Y. M. Y. Note:I. A.;PresidentRial Randall,Price Mary M. I. A. Era W. M. well year, of lastawards were ahead in succeeded President Lorenzo February by was Wright.

and undoubtedly were welcome adSecond Row, CALIFORNIA MISSION, left to right: President W. Aird Macdonald; John A.

ditions to stake and ward M. I. A. Soderborg,Third Y.row,M. IDAHOM. I. A.FALLS,Supervisor.left to right: President Leonard G. Ball; Fred W. Call, Superintendent

treasuries. of Y. M. M. I. A.; A,ddie R. West, President of Y. W. M. I. A.; L. H. Merrill, Y. M. M. I. A, Era

Citations at Tabernacle Session Director;FourthAlicerow,B. Call,CACHEY. W.STAKE,M. I. A.leftErato Director.right: President Joseph E. Cardom; Albert G. Olofson,

Ror the first time the Era Citations SuperintendentY. M. M. I. A.ofEraY. Director.M. M. I. (NoA.; HattieY. W. Morrell,M, I. A. PresidentEra Directorof Y.appointed.)W. M. I. A.; Ariel J. Berntson,

will be presented in the TaberSuperintendentFifth row,of KOLOBY. M. M.STAKE,I. A.; leftVilateto K.right:Reynolds,PresidentPresidentJ. ofEmmettY. W. Bird;M. I. G.A.; LowryG. W. Anderson,Sumsion,

nacle. The presentations are sched- Y. M. M. I. A. Era Director,- Mrs. Lela Sumsion, Y. W. M. I. A. Era Director.

fcdihfiicd Church Welfare Plan is preferable to Church

JhsL CkuAdv Ot)$l$a)isL (plan. Security Program.

Undoubtedly, if all men feared God, used their

HPhe Church Welfare Plan has been successful energies in productive labor, were thrifty, and lived far beyond reasonable expectation. That may within their incomes, there would and could be no

be asserted safely. Yet there is much to be done. economic depressions. Any other procedure of livNot all the needy have been reached; many prefer ing causes financial panics, breeds poverty, and

Government to Church assistance; and, in the midst makes charity necessary.

of the nationwide economic chaos, it is not easy to find work for all the employable who are still Charity, even when justly claimed by those who unemployed. have honestly tried to make a living and have

The Church intends to continue its efforts until, failed, weakens the desire and courage to labor, with the help of the Lord, the task that it has set and, what is more, destroys selfconfidence and itself is accomplished. There must be no periods selfrespect. Especially is this so when charity is

of cessation of effort. The work must go on steadgiven ostentatiously. It is not easy for faithful

ily. The call has come to every member of the members of the Church who have been overtaken

Church to increase his efforts in behalf of the Welby poverty to accept charity; even when in their

fare Plan. All should give heed to the request. more prosperous days they have been liberal in

* * * their contributions to the Church, and have a rightEternal principles must guide us in our efforts, ful claim upon help. Therefore, within the Church

else the results will be temporary. That is the first charity should be tendered quietly, without leaving

and most important consideration. the feeling that the one who receives it is catalogued

Work, or industry, is the basis of economic and card indexed as a member of a special and safety. True wealth is produced by the intelligent inferior class of society. This of course does not

application of human labor to the resources offered refer to professional beggars, who are entitled to by earth, and in no other way. All that we have little sympathy.

to sustain our lives and to give us comfort is the product of human labor. The first step in any These principles of economic security and progprogram for economic welfare must be to put every ress must be applied by each individual for himperson to work to produce wealth from existing self in his life's endeavors. Selfeffort is the key

natural resources. It is the beginning and the end to selfdevelopment and personal progress. There

of any sound economic system. must be no needless leaning on others for support.

None should be exempt from work, if ableThe only dependence should be selfdependence, bodied. Naturally, the kind of labor should be fitted under God's will. Selfhelp brings greatest hapto the strength and ability of the individual. Idlepiness.

ness at any period of life invites uselessness, unTo prevent an economic depression or to rise happiness, and evil. Productive labor, with opporout of one is the personal concern of every inditunity for ample leisure and rest, should be the vidual, not of a central agency, however rich and

powerful. history of that the race shows The long old. and young and desire women, of all—men is selfeffort, individual selfreliance, coupled with lies at use energy or conservation of human The

it If always victorious. yield great wealth, does not welfare. as material well of spiritual as the bottom

it makes big men.

Thrift is a companion principle to work. Wealth, Should the earnestly striving individual fail in

won by intelligent industry, whether much or little, his quest for a living, he may properly turn to should be used with discriminating care, with econothers for assistance. His first appeal should be

omy in view. It must be cherished as the product to those who are connected with him by the intimate

of life's best possessions, which are: opportunity ties of family relationship. Indeed, the welfare of

for industry, strength to labor, and time in which an individual must be, in a wellordered society, to work. Wealth must not be wasted, or spent in the responsibility of the family group. Families

their useless pursuits. Waste is an evil second only to should pride in take caring for family own. A idleness. of taking capable of its care should be ashamed own

A third principle completes the supporting pillars to receive help from an outside agency.

of a safe economic structure. Men must live within Should the family be unable to give the necessary

the means obtained from their productive labor. help, then it would be proper to request aid from

That is, debt must be avoided. It should be abthe immediate community. Appeal to the state

horred. The burden of repayment is always should be a last resort.

heavier than that of production. He who contracts The order of responsibility for man's economic

a debt enters into partnership with an enemy. welfare is then, as follows: the individual; the

Economic prosperity requires that men go without family; the community; the state.

things rather than to go into debt for them. Nothing can be more disastrous than to have

Add to these principles faith and trust in the every failing individual look for help toward some

Lord, obedience to His commands, and prayer to fardistant central agency—a great white Father,

Him for help, and we may be certain that success so to speak. The individual problems of life are

will smile upon our efforts to raise all Church membest solved individually—for the safety of the

bers into positions of economic prosperity. Let it man and the group.

ever be remembered that only the Lord can give security to human kind. Men can only advance In all our thinking on these matters, the duty

one another's welfare. Therefore, the name of the strong must be kept in mind. He who has,

must give to him who has not. He who is blessed inspired helpful service. The fascinating skills, the

with power or wealth should delight to help those merit badge program have helped us to find ourwho cannot well stand alone. But his help should selves. The active loyalty to our country has made

be directed toward increasing the strength of the us grateful for the land that gave us birth.

weak rather than by constant giving, making of Thanks to the man who founded Scouting them chronic economic cripples. A welfare proand to our National organization which has estabgram should be an opportunity program. lished it here in this country, to our Church leaders

who caught the vision of its great possibilities and

There is much idle talk about a new day that brought it to us, and to the thousands of men who requires new ways of living. True, our age has through the years in wards and stakes have given

marvelous possessions for human comfort, never devoted leadership in guiding our boys through known before. However, the laws under which the program and inspiring them to noble deeds.

these inventions and discoveries may be used are May these twentyfive years be but the beginning identical with those recognized as vital in ages past. of great accomplishment. Oscar A. Kirkham.

The telephone does not abrogate the law of honesty; the radio does not transcend love. In the

field of fundamental moral principles there is no JhsL 7ft. 9. a. Jhums, 19381939

day; there is but of justice daynew one day—the

for example, Thus,and righteousness. work has fulfilled".. in. Byoneloveword,serveevenone inanother.this; ThouFor shaltall thelovelawthyis

been, is, and always will be the only means of neighbor as thyself."—Galatians 5:13, 14.

producing true wealth; and thrift and economy are

as necessary today as in any other age. '"The above text, one of the many scriptural pasNew tasks do confront us, but they are accomsages devoted to the same thought, expresses

plished with the old tools. There will always be a principle fundamental to life, religion, and all hunew frontiers to pass. Now that the desert has man relationships. Whether we like it or not,

been tamed, the problem is to live happily in the whether or not the responsibility irks us, or at times desert with our newfound knowledge. Now that hampers our personal convenience, has nothing to

we no longer travel with covered wagons, we must do with the fact of our obligation as our brother's learn how to live well with automobiles at our comkeeper.

mand. In every such changing aspect of life we The councils of heaven, before time began, took

shall and must be directed by unchanging, timefull cognizance of this fact. Cain made guilty

less guides of conduct. confession of his knowledge in his question of

The call to service in the Church Welfare attempted denial. The Decalogue from Sinai rePlan merely means that we bring into renewed affirmed the proposition from several angles of

and more vigorous action eternal, conquering prinapproach. The Savior of the world lived it and

ciples. In no other way can we secure certain voiced it on uncounted occasions throughout all

progress or enduring happiness. In no other way the record we have of Him. The prophets of every

can we solve the problems of this or any other age and generation have heralded its fundamental day. Every Latterday Saint should understand, truth. And, closer to us in time and effect, the

respect, and practice these principles, upon which Church of Jesus Christ, through its inspired and the material happiness of the world—/.depends.A. W. byauthorizeddeclarationleaders,and hasby action,restatedin thisits Welfareeternal verity,Plan.

And so, may it be understood that each man is

Scouiinq ayuL Uul (fhwiclv his "brother's keeper", with an obligation, more than theoretical, to "love his neighbor as himself."

'"This year we celebrate our Silver Jubilee of So much for that. And so much for the reasons

Scouting. This program is no longer an exwhy this particular theme was chosen by the Muperiment with us. It has been tested and coupled tual Improvement Associations for 19381939.

with the teachings of our Church; it has proved to The forms the application of the theme will take

be a wise instrument for the carrying out of rightwill be many: I demonstrate my consciousness as

eous purposes in the lives of our boys. Thousands a "keeper of my brother"and a "lover of my neighof men and boys today point to it with pride and bor"when I minister to his physical wants; when

thanksgiving for its great blessings. Active mem- I help him to become selfsustaining; when I bring

bership has been a guarantee of loyalty to the best him into closer fellowship with the Church; when

there is in American life. Faith in God, and I increase his desire to improve and beautify his

courage to do the right, are qualities required of a home, his community, and his general environment;

Scout. It is a strong, purifying current in our when I make him want to abandon bad habits and

national life, a magical and transforming agency questionable practices; when I show him how to

to which our boys have eagerly responded. It has use his leisure time in physical, mental, and spiritual

been a fascinating experience, adventuring into uplift; when I feel a personal responsibility for the

the unknown and learning to commune with nature. welfare of his children; when I do anything to make

The call of the trail, the song of the pine, the better the world in which he and I and all other men flash of lightning, the tang of the morning air, the live together.

pull of the mountain top, the friendliness of the There are unnumbered other possibilities, but campfire, have planted in our hearts and minds a these suggest the unlimited scope of a glorious love of the great outof-doors which holds for us theme, toward the end of bringing the realities of so much of mystery, comfort, and enlightenment. life and the verities of pure religion into a closer

The daily good turn, the oath, and the law have working relationship for the benefit of all. R. L. E.

fomOfi

FRENCH MISSION HEAD SWEDISH MISSION PRESIDENT present 1,600 Latterday Saints living

APPOINTED VISITS SWEDISH CROWN in Sweden and that nearly twenty

PRINCE thousand, half of whom migrated to of"Dishop the Og- E. Evans Joseph

*"* appointed den Twelfth was Ward r\N March 2, 1938, President Gustive days.America, joined the Church in early

by the First Presidency to succeed O. Larson, president of the SwedPresident O. F. Ursenbach of the ish Mission, made a state call on the INSTITUTE AND SEMINARY

French Mission. Elder Evans is a Swedish crown prince, bearing a buckTEACHERS MEET

former missionary of the FrenchSwiss skin book cover of Indian design and HThe institute directors and seminary

Mission from 19051907. He has been workmanship, sent from Utah by Pres- A teachers of southern Utah and Nebishop of the Twelfth Ward in Ogden ident William R. Palmer of Parowan vada were called together in convention

for the past two and onehalf years. Stake. His Royal Highness inquired at Cedar City, April 21, 1938, under

He plans to leave for the field with about the number of Mormons in the direction of Roy A. West, director

his family about the middle of June. Sweden and learned that there are at {Continued on page 372)

0. F. URSENBACH JOSEPH E. EVANS

PRESIDENT GRANT AND MISSIONARIES ARRIVEDLEAVING MARCHFOR THE28, FIELD1938—DEPARTEDFROM THE SALTAPRILLAKE14, 1938MISSIONARY HOME

DR. WIDTSOE ATTEND Left to right, First Row; Clifford Earl Sharp, Emma Amelia Stuart, Delia Maude Dial, Emma Angeline

Revill, Foutz, J. Nadine Annette Blaine Alice Whitmore, Alexander, Vonza Sessions. Bowman, W.CHEMURGIC MEET Pershing Farnsworth, Pearl Leroy Second A. Watson, Florence Row: Pratt, S. Bott, H.

Morris, Ellen Tillman, Melvin Anderson, Hazel Stuart Wingar.

Bailey, Dalley,HpHE nation's leaders in industry and Mary Third Thelma Dora Hirschi, Row: Donald Floyd Barker, Max Adolph Ed. Schmidt, Thomas Frank Swallow, Alfred

agriculture gathered at the Fourth Kay Randall, William H. Linck, Geren V. Howell.

Annual Chemurgic Conference, Omabanks,FourthMax Browning,Row: LeoEdwardGodfredWallaceHansen,Johnson,John MorganAdrian Shepherd,dinger, FrankAnthonWayneOleonBushman,Montgomery,DonaldGarthBarker.Joseph Fairha, Nebraska, April 25, 26, and 27. The Fifth Row: E. Heber Ballsteadt, Homer C. Porter, Glen James Judd, Ray Ortin McEntire, Jack Ethan

three days of sessions brought forth Rigwood,SixthCalvinRow: JamesGeorgeNelson,StephenFarrenTanner,Neilson,CliftonWesleyRay T.Davis,Tingey.Max B. Layton, Nephi William McLachlan, Wallace

many statements of vital significance Dea Montague, Fred Henry Duelmier, Don C. Bloomfield, Wm. Joseph Gray, Durward Grover Palmer.

as affecting the agricultural, industrial, SterlingSeventhJacobsen,Row: JosephNormanArvinSamuelAnderson,Hoyal, RobertOrvill R.WellsAllred,Clayton.Augustus Faust, Garth J. Zundell, Elden L. Whittaker,

and economic life of the nation. PresEighth Row: Glen T. Warner, Joel Parrish, Charles H. Osborn.

ident Heber J. Grant attended the sessions of the opening day and informally

addressed one of the gatherings. Dr.

John A. Widtsoe participated throughout the three days and addressed the

convention, Tuesday evening, April 26, on the Welfare Plan of the Mormon

Church.

PRESIDENT GRANT SPEAKS BEFORE ROTARY CONVENTION President Heber J. Grant responded

* to an invitation to address the convention of the 144th District of Rotary

International at Beaver Dam, Wisconsin, Thursday, May 5. His subject was MISSIONARIES LEAVING FOR THE FIELD FROM THE SALT LAKE MISSIONARY HOME

"The Strength of the Mormon Church."ARRIVED APRIL 25—DEPARTED MAY 12, 193S

On the same trip, on May 4 at the Left to right, First Row: Rula Brinton, Arlene Gant, Naomi Brown, Winifed Lake, Fennie Hope, Mrs.

Madison, Wisconsin, University Club, KatharinaSecondRiegler,Row: MargaritaArden J.E. Wilcox,Foerster.Ray C. Larson. LaVal Clayton, Lavone Nance, Nikolaus Riegler, Max

the President was guest of honor with Vernon Shurtliff.

Governor Philip LaFollette at a VaughnThirdCarter.Row: Myron Irving Seamons, Afton D. Alger, Nora Redd, Wanda Clark, Nola Mae Kerby, Eldon

luncheon arranged by Prof. J. F. Smith. Fourth Row: J. Wyley Sessions, Gail C. Meier, Paul Deloss Williams, Franklin William Aldous, Eugene

The President also addressed the C. Gurtsen,Fifth Row:WilliamJ. DonaldLorin Jex,Wiscomb.Charles Shirley Lee, Frank Leroy Shafer, David L. Madison, Shirl Burton Kimball,

convention of the 1 1 0th district of Ashley Harper Wallace.

Rotary International in Salt Lake City McFarlaneSixth Erskine,Row: WayneClinton PeartCastletonTraveller,McDaniel,OrsonRobertMarkAlfredMcRae,Tame,MarkNephiCarlsonWilliamChild,McLachlan,Norris M.JesseNeville,A. Hurd,A.

on Tuesday, May 9. Max Thorpe Malstrom.

O. (paqsL fafotyounqWhii&JiA

GAMINS WANTAD

By Ouida D. Johns, Age 20 By Lael Woolsey, Age 18

Little sins, like little boys, Lost—one small gray kitten;

Come to my door each day, Finder return to me

And staid old truths within me cry, In the tumbledown house at the end of "Gamins, go away!"our street,

Or the neighborhood nursery.

But the little things in sad surprise

Beg wistfully to stay It's a darling little kitten

Till the twinkle in my eye says, Though one blue eye is blind.

"Gamins, let us play!"And it's scraggly and thin, and its skinny

wee tail Drags disconsolately behind;

And its fur's coming off in patches,

And one of its legs is lame But, oh, if you find it, please bring it back home, For I love it all the same!

Lost—one small gray kitten

Finder return to me In the tumbledown house at the end of our street, Or the neighborhood nursery....

THINGS I LIKE

By Norma Louise Kavtchner, Age 10

DARKNESS like the raindrops in the spring

I And summer blossoms sweet By Mona Wilson, Age 20 And all the tiny creatures

In the grass beneath my feet.

of the smell burning And darkness!D ARKNESS!Magic I like the autumn colors the giant poplars to watch And leaves DESERT TRAILS enchant me! You in gently the breeze. Nodding

Now I'm on a desert in Arabia; I like the snow in winter By Pearl Bingham, Age 19

The breeze is gently blowing, And to breathe the frosty air **TT There does this lead?"asked a traveler

of cactus flower to a the perfume feed tiny Wafting snowbirds And hills the in day, VV one stood As we that cactus lovely blooms scattered rare are and a That everywhere. Of trail, to wellworn pointed a he And only desert the led I away. through like all the Which But best of what night! the In

night said prayers are At when is the all and the around sand I me And tell to really you?"want you "Do me Is Mother's hug kiss and goodnight

is hot. air dry and asked, into tucks she bed. As me

replied, course I do,"he "Of Now I stand alone and pensive "I shall not tell you; the trail will;

In a castle on the Rhine, Come quickly, close to my side."

Once where people lived and loved and fought. All grew as silent as shadow,

I listen for their voices—for the echo of For the space of a minute or so,

Their voices Then slowly a voice started speaking,

Soon the place is full of voices but I Speaking softly and low, understand them not.

"Over the desert I slowly wind,

Now they're slow and gently humming Through tumbleweed, cholla, and sage,

Like the low, rhythmic strumming, Through valleys of sunshine and shadow,

Like the playing of a banjo when the Through saguaro old with age.

is darkies'done. day "I through mesquite wind and brambles, DREAM HOUSE I the in I'm know And Southland—the driedout land, parched and Harriet Hiff, By 15 Through Age and gay hills vales, O'er gulches through and and Southland Merry T fashioned a cottage me dales,

I air of the breathe And roses till it * of life a thousand dreams; desert Out every hand. on With again. makes young me I a chose lustrous tapestry,

From the East—from the Far, Far East Sewed with silver seams: "WhereI wind o'erdo theI end,desertyousod,ask me?

There comes the rolling of drums, 'Mums in a lacquer bowl, Then come at last to a peaceful rest,

The thunderous pulse of wardrums and Logs in the fireplace, In the glorious sunset of God."

sound Snowy curtains at the windows,

Of marching feet; And cattails in a vase:

of the helpless I hear the screams of panels brown oak, Warm retreat, they Now sill, the Geraniums on MY WAY their voice fainter anguished grows And the Outside, laughter of a there's Till lapping, gentle a Johnson, brook, By Stanley Age 17 trill. robin's merry peaceful of wavelets sound some A on A

forest nearby I not with loud walk and noisy step isolated shore! A path, MAYDarkness! trees galore, maple And harsh, tread; unguided And

Thrilling darkness! My cottage, and a partner true, But may I move my way along

Linger with me! How could I wish for more? On silent feet, valiantly led.

a

The story of our HYMNS is is History the which Comprehensive hymn A article, this the late o[ By GEORGE D. PYPER Amongthe subjectthemof Praise written by Church, ToINthe

Brigham H. Roberts, the author, General Superintendent o} the Deseret The Man Who Communed With

in volume 6, pages 244 and 245, Sunday School Union and First AssistJehovah.

makes the following observations ant Chairman of the Church Music in relation to hymnology: Committee This hymn was written by WilSince it is natural for man to express liam W. Phelps"as a tribute to his

his highest emotion, perhaps, in music, and prophet friend soon after the marbe music, it would in sacredespecially tyrdom. tune is of unknown The

religious emohighly the thatexpected origin associated with has been and events the religious attendanttions uponof the Church of the New Dispensation, xxviii. (pAcd&SL to Uhl it and sung in England and America

would be to give birth to an hymnology from the beginning.**and to music of a somewhat special kind. Wjwl U)ho QommiunsudL

it done. doubtless hasThis joyful might a be termed What

unique first are the place the In wiilfL sdfwvcdc It this sadness song. runs through rethe the ofevents New Dispensation,there

is epitaphic of divinethe an eulogy the Smith, first of vision Josephmarkable revelations that resulted in bringing forth By WILLIAM W. PHELPS ly anointed Prophet and Seer raised

the Book of Mormon, the joy and imporup to establish the Last Dispensames- enlarged of an assurance of itstance the tion and who'will eventually be with tinged Christ, but thesage of sadness that goes with the revealment of extolled by kings and revered by what on the whole must be thought upon nations. It contains a cry unto heavas the sad and melancholy experiences of en against his martyrdom; a paneof ancient Ameripeoplesthe and nations

forth of the gyric concerning his Priesthood and bringingca. The strange

Church in the New Dispensation; the perendless glory, which will take him

secutions endured, the wonderful experiinto God's kingdom with the prophences of the first great Prophet, his final ets of old. It proclaims that the

of reunion inspiring hopes themartyrdom, the resacrifice will bring down the blessin all saints withwith him and newal of the hopes of an early resurrecings of heaven; that the world must

tion and its joys, which the New Dispenatone for the blood of the Prophet;

sation gives. The songs of the exodus that failure of justice will wake up

the mountains; over the plains andacross

High,"the world in a conflict with intoler- "Mountains the of celebrationthe the new temple, the sending forth of the ance; that Joseph Smith will bemessage to the nations, the gathering of known in his true character—the people from all lands—these stirring prophet of the living God.

fail not could hopes emotionalevents and refrain exaltais a shout of The contribuanthem and producing songof tion; traitof satisfaction that a cry unique, music the world's somewhat totions JOSEPH SMITHand rich, though the great Oratorio of the ors and tyrants will fight him now

New Dispensation remains to be written. in vain; that his immortal soul,

this of the to character reference With highest, the with plan can with mingling to communed the the who or created music Man and hymnologynew Praise his for that people, Church and and Jehovah! it to resaid not be for it,adapted may

Prophet anointed and Seer""that Jesus will again death not have power Vatican of grandeur the solemnsemble dispensation; last to the Blessed open

or cathedral music nor the heavy tropes Kings shall extol him, and nations revere. over him.

yet does nor composition;of German the first Originally two lines of it Chorus thinness of hysterical modern theresemble Prophet, ascended Hail to the read: second stanza days, of early Americanrevival hymnology tyrants Traitors and now fight tohimheaven!in vain; the

for plan can with he Gods, Mingling recent Sankey and the moreor Moody his blood, brethren; shed which by his Long may was is It school. of the moremelodies same again. conquer the cannot Hero assassins,

I allied, those assurednearly by who Death am

Illinois his Stain the earth lauds while martyr, to a died his as Praise he mem'ry, lighter English than music the toknow, fame. great blest his ever name! be and Honored class, shades other yet and someto any

his shall shed blood, by which was Long this. earnestin Sacred than veinhigher assassins,ness touched with joy would be my own Plead unto heav"n while the earth lauds his When the Latterday Saint Hymn

characterization of it, as typified in such fame. Book was compiled in 1927, in orexamples of hymns and anthems as the Great is his glory, and endless his Priestder to be in harmony with the "good

following. hood, of policy the neighbor"and Church will the hold; ever he keys Ever and sixteen then Roberts names Elder true, will his enter Faithful kingdom, he and line the second quoted above

in the the of of old. nation, midst Prophets various the of typical emoCrownedhymns to changed was people.*tional hopes of the Mormon Sacrifice blessings brings forth heaven; of the

for of that the atone blood must unto man; Plead heaven, while the earth lauds conflict justice; for the the of world up with WakeEarth experience year's missionary *In a

his shall fame. again. Millions "brother know Joseph"Brigham I was astonElder H. Roberts,

ished to discover that he could sing every (Concluded on page 372) hymn in the 25th edition of the small Latter-day Saint Hymn Book. When I ex- **It is hoped that some day an old tune

pressed some doubt about it, he gave me book may be found which contains the a vocal demonstration of the truth of the source of the early Mormon hymns pubstatement. And Brother Roberts was a lished without the composers'names. Such

good singer. a book would be illuminating.

The Traffic in Health who this year are studying human that the future of China lies in the (By Charles Solomon, M. D., 1937). health through obedience to the Word hands of her women, it becomes of

great import what the conditions of p\R. Solomon, distinguished author, of Wisdom.—/. A W.

these are Chinese have and women practitioner teacher, the within and Yesterday Chinese Women helpful been. author followed a has The

field off his medicine, of has taken and Today in her dividing approach method by this battle, in togloves as he goes book, (Florence Ayscough, Houghton first into parts: the three the book

sacrifice healthwith those Mifflin Boston, 1937. human who Company, part ladies, dealing with Chinese then

for thirteen clearly In money. and pages. 324 $3.50.) the part second and with unusual now;

forcefully written chapters surveys he read have those Country HPo who fields, arts, in in various the as My women foistedthe the healthfrauds upon People and Import'and third education; war, The the part is a and My

public. medicines, PatentAmerican it Living, imance an becomes postlude, giving a of the of Lieh summary

painkillers, resleep-producers, hair that portant the of those author stamp BiogWomen's Shuan—Series Nu of cosmetics, hair "healthdyes,movers, books, Dr. Yutang, Lin a two raphies. had

fatformingfoods,"fatreducing and friendly in interest the compilation of as Fascinating novel, the a has book antiseptics,remedies, tooth powders, this state Since book. people greater fiction many merit than of a work

etc., etc.,tonics, in are the examined it acquaints the because Occidental

light in of accurate knowledge, and the history with achieveand woman instance arenearly to every be found sister, Pulitzer ments Oriental her of prize acthey an are—the HERE injurious, oftenfraudulent deathand for 1937: winners quaintanceship has too which been

is ardealing. indeed an book The Late George Novel—The Apley—neglected. C. much M. J. terrible activity ofraignment a which P. Marquard. lohn

on its face is devised for human welDrama Our Town—Thornton Main Street

fare. It is also another argument for Wilder. (Rachel Barney Taft, 1938, $1.00.)

the revision and extension of the pure Editorial work—-W. W. Waymacc, HPhis booklet is a collection of poems

associate editor, Moines Des Regact. factfood that and drug hunThe familiar author western by the on Tribune. ister and of preparationsdreds the open maron scenes past experiences of and and Cartoonist's for cartoon award "The theirket are mentioned and name by present. It reminisces 63 through pages Shoemaker. Road Back"—Vaughn givencompositions the makes book situaobjects verse of on homespun and Reportorial Springle of award—Ray

most interesting and useful. Pittsburgh Post Gazette. tions of our people and our traditions,

The book should have wide circulaBiography Andrew Jackson—Marand is introduced by a thoughtful couption, for it attempts to protect all from quis lames. let—

Poetry insidious of theone most fair and dangerous me, Cold Morning Sky—Zatur- "Preserve God, and keep me

enski. age. of thefrauds It should or especare."be those I have As long as whocial interest to the Priesthood quorums—R. L. E.

When You Come to JUNE CONFERENCE

BE SURF TO VISIT BOOK HEADQUARTERS

M. I. A. READING COURSE BOOKS PRIESTHOOD LESSON BOOKS

Executives The Modern Interpretation Word of Wisdom—A

Smith....$2.00 of the - Prophet Joseph The Teachings $1.25 John Leah D. Widtsoe A. and Fielding Smith By Joseph

Adults....Madame Curie $3.50

By Eve Curie Supplementary Reading Material for Members of

Seniors - Utah Sings $2.00 Priesthood Quorums

By Harrison R. Merrill and Elsie T. Brandley

M Men and Gleaners Pasteur $2.00 Teachings of the Prophet Joseph Smith

By Francis E. Benz Joseph Fielding Smith $2.00

M Men and Gleaners The Magnificent Obsession $2.50 Key to Theology (New Edition)

By Lloyd Douglas Parley P. Pratt...$1.00

Explorers Characters and Messages of the

Book of Mormon. $ 1.00 Lesser Priesthood and Notes on Church GovBy John Henry Evans ernment. (Should be read by every BishJuniors Madame Curie $3.50 op and other Officer) By Eve Curie

Scouts Lance of Kanana $1.25 Joseph B. Keeler..... $1.25

By Henry W. French

BeeHive Girls Little Soldier of the Plains $2.00 The Gospel

By Marian McDonough B. H. Roberts- $1.00

DESERET BOOKPlus Sales Tax in Utah COMPANY 44 East South Temple BOOK HEADQUARTERS Salt Lake City, Utah

Mill -fc -- SESSIONS PLUMS DAY DAWN HOW LIKE THE DAY - By Edith Cherrington By Margaret Jane Cole By Gertrude Ryder Bennett

Grandfather Sessions brought them Take from me night with all its plentiYour selfpossession made me shrink from Nauvoo, tude from you, Embryo plum trees in their hard brown Of holy stillness diademed with stars; Fearful because I could not understand

stones. Take the barbaric noon, gorgeous with Your calm aloofness. Then one day you

He gave the neighbors each a very few spars threw

To plant in soil that took the color tones Of multicolored light, clashing and crude; Your manner to the winds. You took

Of sagebrush, and in planting them they Or you may have the languorous afternoon my hand grew That dreams, a pregnant pause between the And yours was fire. Emotion cried aloud,

Replacing cedar, sage and bleaching light Escaped your heart, and pounded on bones. Of noon and evening. Steal from me the my own.

bright How like the day when underneath a cloud

Now in the springtime, orchards scent the Couch of day at death, calling the moon. I walked upon a forest trail alone!

air, The hemlocks looked so dark I paused in

And plum trees told his name before he Take all of these, but leave me that still doubt went. hour, As if I were intruding. Suddenly

Grandfather Sessions gave'them thought The early morning when my soul is bared There was a rush of gold. The sun came

and care, And in the eyes of innocence is shriven, out are twigs bent in as autumn reward And lost its has world There, where the wordy dazzled me. green rays of and yellow And bear multiply that and purple plumsWith power, I forest's heart the and grew glimpsed

living his fruit to monument. grace Their fresh like awake, birdwings thought, And aware

has dared That I was close to it and welcome there.

The sweet, remote interstices of heaven.

ALONE By Linnie Parker RESIGNATION Alone—the sleepy summer sun By Cora May Preble

sky. in the slowly Sinks winter came I buried all the wails nightowl wakefulThe aloud When

hopes cry. woeful and weird His

little petalsoft silver white dreams The I didn't dreamAlone—somehow through heart within nestled deep That my this. like it would be That

years. emptiness haunting dreary,Such winter's snowwhite with I covered them kiss! goodnight your Without beams

fears, tears, bitter and with buried them this brief time And for thoughAlone? What lie I that they would then prayed And sight? from hidden You're my and of wintry snow wind months Through here, find will love your me I know cold and

its goodnight. whisper And still die, that they would very So time that love haveAlone? we When old! did of to as they haunt cease me And distance cannot mar? And I for spring came wrong, But was when

to alone! speak not meOh, You along

are! matter where you No arms, roses crowned and heaping With

with sun, THE COLORADO RIVER JUNE SoTheI canlittleonlyhopeskeepawakenedthem till doublylife's done,strong.

By Hanna Friel Davis By Carmen Malone Andsong.listen to the heartbreak of their

hues of a hundred wears a dress river, majestic, mighty June * Wild, the harebell's yellows, clover's The desert sands, the through Flowing

Crashing down the canyon gorges blues; Placid on the level lands. She wafts perfume to the summer skies HUMANITY

Each time a breeze through her garments By Louise Dastrup sighs;Empress of the arid region,

the sweeps yards her with She same free warm and ages Ages of dust,—jDodies breeze glory unchallenged her wild,In

to element of sod and stone. Akin trees; of the to sings her songs sway And the sea. to meet Rushing on

Her voice is the voice of a million birds

Through the years come tragic stories The lovely warbles, the sweet trilled words. Bodies of dust,

Of explorers'luckless fate. Whose feet

Then the river seemed a demon She laves herself in a gurgling stream March forth to kill,

Showing vengeance, wrath, and hate. Or a quiet pool with a mirrowed gleam; Or tramp the sturdy avenues of peace:

Her rinse is made of a gentle shower Whose sinews toil and till,

Men and boats go down together Drizzling down in a needed hour; And reap and sow,

Floods make havoc in the land She dries herself with the sun's warm rays And out of iron elements of earth

Oh, destructive, reckless river And we who see, feel and live June's days Make mighty structures grow;

Flowing through the desert sands. Cannot but look to the One above Whose fingerskill

in our hearts—and love. life; With praise to Him to death Turns

of conquest a dreamed dream Someone speak, voices Whose into plan a Lo, it grew ears silent motion into change Whose drafting, working, Engineers were harmonies. thoughts MAGIC and

On the future Boulder Dam.

By Mae Nelson Bodies of dust, Is it true, the river's harnessed? Some day I'll borrow a fairy wand Beyond your dust aspire!

Do you hear the engines throb? And write with it on the moon;

Has the mighty Colorado "The loveliest thing in Springtime Bodies of dust, your shrine

Found at last a worthy job? Is a lilac tree in bloom."The mysteries of souls afire!

soon I shall with television both see and hear. I am the hub of it all

this outside world—with only the

it come in.Jfojminq vision to let

often escape not from I do my I it the peace giveTHE WOMAN AT THE DOOR home. comand

Anonymous fort of my presence. I am calm, re-

I contemplative. the posed, and am a mother, a a homewoman,T am retreat for the family from outmy that I could be maker. among that side I hold world world—that ofsurprising think number who my

I in the of a hand. palm need my slavery of housekeeping,task the as

fine spiritual friends, contact, a few toil of of thethe upkeep monotonous rest recreation. occasional and and

small children, the colorless multiBut I do not seek it; I conserve mydismal tasks thetudinous and chores,

it self, finds me. and

life. wife's outlook of aand bleak a mother, a a woman, I am homeis door, whistling at windThe my I life maker. love This which

callingknocking, is me, urging me on. serene, blessed, and beautiful. I am

to bring of inspiration It is the wind at the door. the womana song to my heart and guide my

way. It whispers to open my door

and let the outside world into my home, for I, the wife, am the pivot of the wheel for the choosing.

The present tempo of life has "Oh, dem golden slippers,"no, forced on us the finding of a more nor any other kind of slippers will unless you chance of a much it happiness; surroundscomplete us have There to advantage. them can show

it interests; outsidewith requests our to of them is showing sure one way

surplus energies; it tries to rob us of advantage and that is to "trip the

our complacency. It is brisk, delight, fantastic toe."Probably you

feather light and as aren't a so It brittle. is a universemanding, and like that would is you curve a

says, escape withoutside and of EASY! sure me into thereto The way tone down.

this broader, freer world. It laughs doing all things in one swoop—enat home with ingrown mockery. roll at the Le Crist School of Dancabil- at your surprised be and like strings at us puping, It draws on a

years. curves and ity to out rub DEELICIOUS!pet, to this pulling outside us world

rather were isolation on a as if home TAKE thereof"season in the "Fruits isle. desertfast receding

fruits fresh "Al"Biscuit Flour the now on 2 cups GLOBE bring us to felt its tug. of They have Some have course market, and the 2 tbsp. Oil GLOBE "Al"apricots. of think foremost string. first Whyand for have we agroped They 2 tbsp. sugar milk 32 cup recipe? following try the notstrenuously demanding to a danced

tune for career, social life, more CRUSTY APRICOT PUDDING MIX schooling, broader expanses, more 11/2 c. Globe "A-l"Flour all together and knead well. Roll out

colored horizons, greater escapes. 3 tsp. baking powder to 34 inch thickness and cut with

Some seek it socially or vicariously. 1/2 t. salt large biscuit cutter. Oil the tops of

c. sugar the V2 opens; they half rise on placeThe door of them half and the other

tsp. cinnamon V4 hold, seeking, seekwinds and catch on top. in a Bake hot oven (450 deg.) tsp. nutmeg V4

ing, seeking. They are taut, ner- 1 egg for 12 min. Separate biscuits and

tbsp. Globevous, fringeworn, but they cling 2 and "A-l"oil fill strawberries, with crushed

c. milk V2to this outside world. sweetened to taste, put on tops and 1 c. apricots chopped

is the the door and opened For me cover with fruit and whipped cream.

us. Sift flour, measure, add baking ofcurrent part a becomes major

salt, cinnamon, sugar, and powder,

I LISTEN outside THEN with it the brought have sift Beat again. egg nutmeg and things to the nice Itto your family and to stay. enter our home milk, oil mixing is the slightly, and add

avenue of knowledge seeking a place well. Turn into the dry ingredifriends will say about your cooking!

for repose. I have opened the way. ents, blending thoroughly; then add

My home, it is true, is a part of this theoiledapricotsshallowandbakingpourpan.into Bakea wellin

great outside, but it has taken many a hot oven (400 degrees) 2025 minsuch families to make this expanse. utes. Cut into squares and serve

I am fortunate in having so many byhot with a lemon sauce. (Peachways and crossways to enter into my edes, driedberries,fruitcookedmay apples,be usedorincookthis

sanctity and keep me abreast with recipe in place of apricots.)

the day.

Radio, magazines, and daily And now that spring is indeed keeppapers wanting world with on be me informed in that ironingus—you'lldone a hurry. toWhyget inspire pursuits.events, or my home

They tease my imagination, reform ofnotOgdenlet the serveSchossyouElectricwith Companyan Ironinterests moods, and bring newmy in to the minute keep up rite—and

inspiration I acthatand home. extra to my appearance have and

tually can hear many great speeches, minute for reading or hiking?

concerts on the radio. One day BISCUIT FLOUR

CONDUCTED BY THE MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD COMMITTEE OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH, CHAIRMAN; MELVIN J. BA LLARD, JOHN A. WIDTSOE, AND JOSEPH F. MERRILL

QUARTERLY REPORTS the conditions of each member by may be had on application to the Genmeans of a survey, carefully taken. eral Committee.

Quarterly reports to President To assist in recording the necessary To assist further in making the proper

Clawson's office of the Melchizinformation a survey card has been survey of quorum members there is quorums is a newedek Priesthood leaflet prepared. cards, available a yellow on "The These 5x8

it is difficultthing. And commonly Purpose, to with to contain the necessary How."What, book file Why, Survey,WeIts

become accustomed to doing new them, can be had without cost from the also suggest that you refer again to the things. This may account for the Deseret Book Store, Salt Lake City, Gospel Doctrine Quarterly for the last

delay of some quorums in sending their upon order of the ward bishop. quarter of 1937, pages 101 to 107,

In committees. any stake toreports suggests the ward security how appoint should quorum comwhich a Each rethat the requestcase, renew we function. should committee mittee to of its survey make the memfully and reports promptlyquired be

made. bers. A card is to be made out for QUORUM FUNDS

the of Separate quorum. member inyield projects an quorum TTany reports are comparevery quarterly The

for all J""'1 to cards are also be made out beet sugar a come. the corresponding For example,ative. data for The

quarter of last year should be given family members over eighteen years growing project will yield some money in the reports. The date should be in of age, male and female, who need emwhen the beets are paid for by the

the records. ployment, so that the work receipts of factory. What shall be done with funds

Will chairmen of stake committees each may be properly and fully recordthat are obtained through quorum accontinue their efforts to get the quorum ed on the back of the card. tivities?

reports and the stake committee reThese active cards should be kept First, every quorum should build up ports to President Clawson's office in book file. In the case of those who a quorum fund. A quorum should alpromply at the close of each quarter? do not need assistance, it is not necesways have at its command a quorum

All the reports of each quarter should sary to secure the information on strictfund with which to meet quorum needs.

be sent in under the same cover. ly private and personal matters on the Probably such quorum funds will never

cards, but only such information as the be very large, and therefore it is doubly

COMMITTEE SECRETARY member gives willingly. The cards of important that they be spent wisely.

is It legitimate proper perfectly and this filed in are not to group the be book question, the the field comes"pROM assist to funds to upon quorum draw the provided Welfare by Commit- r- stake committee the "Should their fambrethren needy and quorum have filetee the Store, through Deseret Book stake Certainly secretary?"everya ilies. brethren help to needy However, file but in are to kept be to a be box

committee should keep a record of its supplied by the ward. However these discovered by the personal welfare

transactions. One of the members cards should also be used to determine committee or otherwise should not be

might act as secretary. which of the employed members can given except after consultation with

THE LESSON BOOK helpseekingtheirworkbrethrenand alsoandshouldsistersbewhocheckare satisfythe bishop.itself Theby consultationquorum shouldwith firstthe

the as brother of the bishop to needs if regularly to ascertain the ed of any greater indicate that a recordsHPhe is in question beaid other and what help. * group need may of number Wisdom The of Word agencies ing the given to through him are to cards""yellow be course The Modern—A Interpretation—the for established properly of the Church the direction or of the handled under profitby be studyof textbook—could purposes. such director, should ward a be man members. usedably who quorum by To feel that upbuilding not quorum Do of character, resourcefuloutstanding this edifeasible a paperboundmake is spirit consciousness attempt an and ness, in is and the at thetion Deseret man market on dependability—a set to aside Priesthood the quorums

is It confidence. sells It has price everyone at of the whom low Co.Book distinct separate, enindependent, as

all shall that intended are able six copies for single or who a copy50c tities in the with Church. quorums The receive. that for they work which$2.50. their the are parts of members, body

for that person a which works not every quorum member When Would the of of the part as one Church, and spirit receives of It independhe he has possess alike to a copy? would make it is unless function well cannot body

is that posjoy ence otherwise in not and to addition the valuable booksa in with coordination harmony and all sible. It opporthe contains have imporvery That home.every may part, the other every be must quorums

director, tunity to the work, that information shouldtant every ward work cook full in coordination with and ward assisted the of committees for the Welfare prepares by fammealshave who organizations. stake

ily. welfare committee of the Church

this requestthe WordIt explainsof Wisdomthe positivein a aspectsclear andof wardthe quorumscommittees,and othershall inauguratemembers ofconthe is Themaking year a definiteeasily understandable way—something structive projects that will provide emupon each stake for a certain assigned

never done before in a quorum textployment for all who are physically sum of money, or its equivalent. Each

book. And it is with these new exable to work. Officers are encouraged quorum of the Priesthood will be askplanations of what the Word of Wisto build up a quorum fund to be used ed this year to contribute a part of

dom contains that every housewife in rehabilitating the members. this assignment. That is another draft

interested.will be especially In addition to cards,"the "yellow We of upon the quorum. the income We the book, either clothrecommend for or "survey forms"prepared been have at least uses for three have then our

paperbound, to every quorum member use in agricultural districts. They are quorum funds: first, to build up a quoand to every home. known as Survey Forms No. 2 and rum fund for special quorum purposes;

3. to are be used quorum second, to the They by help of the membersTHE WELFARE SURVEY No.officers to the help determine problems directly as have quorum they may SURVEY CARDAND rehabilitated of families third, can be which need; to contribute and share our

HPo meet the challenging needs of the and aided to retain their farms, paras quorums to the Welfare program.

A Church Welfare program, Priestticularly if a small amount of financial A word about the handling of quohood quorums should set about to learn assistance is necessary. These "forms"rum funds. Neither the president of

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1938

his counselors, nor northe quorum to authorized arequorum members use ANTILIQUOR-TOBACCO COLUMN money belonging to the quorum fund.

Every expenditure from quorum funds ReStatement of Objectives fessor in one of America's largest state universities, booklet, the begun, once of the the voteshould quoupon be First authorized Presidency an 'T'he finished the will to before be have details as to necessarily but Arum—not antiliquor-tobacco campaign it will willing to lay reader down, bein general. should quorum The shall entire the that be throughout Church it is written. charmingly so of project every proposed awaremade in effective its nature as to reach be so

to it party expenditureand and be of the Church. by every do member To

draft the actualvoting for it. Then, objective. this is that Dr. Clawson Makes a major Not

should the fund be madeupon quorum is violator of the every a member Contribution Another Word the signed order an quorumupon by the personally needs of and Wisdompresident preferably also effects and facts are by the about the What bring, that the but campaign his help may counselors. intwo alcohol A. T. body? the of Dr. that aid every the sympathy and memall Since Priesthood Melchizedek another herewith Clawson, Jr., makes is to give the ber needcampaign can

in the orare stakequorums Church this in to contribution part answer the to ed. organization conHence

ganizations, presidency the quorum first in question. our appeared The in campaign, the duct recommended the inshould touch be always with issue. May the the of 296, p. Era, number May advisabilthestake as to presidency

is is It in necessary. process deemedity of expenditures the making approvall in the stakes of being and completed the Alcohol Becomes the of What quorum. expenditureed by No wards. Drink? is You notshould approved which be made

first the things to by do Among the presidency. stakeby

is into the stomach taken Alcohol is placing the every committee ward speculate, not should and Quorums either the and stomach absorbed from all in of the of members names ward their resources.thereby endanger They

it intestinal tract the passes or blood by assigning these to groups groups and their intact, to safeare moneys keep is intestinal tract the through and it will contact to those be duty whose whole,and and expend under them excreted. it is the the example, members. For for authority theproper purworthy

poses of Priesthood activity. responsibility of every Priesthood The absorption of alcohol is far All moneys paid by a quorum for quorum to arrange that every member greater than its excretion—95% is abChurch Welfare purposes or for the shall be suitably contacted in the insorbed while 5% is excreted. The

support of the poor within the quorum, terest of the campaign. The seminaries alcohol absorbed by the blood circushould be receipted for by the bishop. will look after their students. But the lates with the blood through the body

The receipt is an evidence that the great body of men, women and chiluntil it has been burned up in the quorum has done the work and placed dren outside of quorums and semitissues through the process of oxidathe quorum activity upon the books naries must be personally contacted. tion and the end products, which are

of the Church. It is the duty of ward committees to gases and water, are eliminated from

FARM DEBT ADJUSTMENT itseewillthatbethisfoundis done.that womenIn this ofworkthe theand bodyskin. through the lungs, kidneys,

is of elimination very alcohol Society, A. and The M. I. Y. W.

fact that the as organizations 24 slow espebe Primary is shown by may internally after helpful.YJlTe"Debtare advisedAdjustmentthat thereorganizationsare Farm Reliefcially taken hours it has been

states theoperating of as part in 43 in traces the blood and can be found course, is to that presume no one Of in the Rehabilitation DivisionRural it longer for periods than remains even this initiating antiliquor- by Church the the of Security AdministrationFarm in certain of this tissues the body. its given tobacco campaign has up States of AgriculDepartmentUnited

ture. This organization, in existence taboo of tea and coffee. The Word of The blood circulates continuously

since 1933, operates under committees Wisdom contains many things in adthrough the body at a rate of approxiappointed by the governors of the dition to what it says of tobacco and mately six times per minute, and comes states involved, and is committed to strong drinks. The Church stands for into intimate contact with all the cells,

assist both debtors and creditors in the Word of Wisdom in its entirety. tissues, and organs supplying them with

bringing existing contract relationships Can the youth of the Church keep the nourishment and oxygen they reto a current and mutually satisfactory free from the clutches of liquor and quire. The alcohol absorbed by the

into likewise intimate concomes addicts these blood tobacco? of Can thebasis enabled be whereby debtors may

cells, tissues, these tact with all of and narcotics weaned away theirto obligations, contractual pay by baneful organs. so. use? from their hope These principal,reduction or of adjustment Webe

extension of time, change of interest, are the major objectives of the camAlcohol is an irritating substance as methods of payment, etc. The wishes paign. As helps the General Comis shown by its local effect upon the

and desires of the creditor are conmittee will continue to send suggeslining of the stomach in producing sidered with those of the debtor, and in tions and material to the field. chronic inflammation and ulceration.

no case does the Debt Adjustment ComSee article in May issue of Era enmittee have legal authority to impose titled, "Can Alcohol Cause Ulcer or Important Announcement Cancer of the Stomach?"its recommendations on either party.

Persons who have farm debt probBefore this issue of the Era reaches Because of the slow elimination of lems and desire adjustment assistance, the field a circular letter and samalcohol in the system the irritating efmay, without litigation or legal formalples of printed material will be sent to fects are continued over at least a 24ity, present their case to a member of every stake committee. Among the hour period following one drink.

their county committee, the county material will be a booklet entitled It is the purpose of this brief article committee as a whole, or to a state "Alcohol Talks to Youth."This little to acquaint the readers with the absupervisor. State Farm Debt Adjustbook is delightfully written and tells in sorption of alcohol into the blood.

ment Supervisors have given assurance simple language what everyone would The damaging effects on the tissues that all information obtained by them like to know about alcohol. It will be and vital organs of the body will be

in the consideration of any case will read by old and young alike with the discussed in future articles. T. A.

be held in strict confidence. utmost interest. Written by a proClawson, Jr., M. D.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1938

QUORUM PROJECTS bowed down with sorrow, but was dency and high council, stimulated the (Reported by the Church concerned about the unharvested crops. quorums is shown by the fact that the

Welfare Committee) The Priesthood of the ward, led by High Priests, Seventies, and Elders of

HThe spirit of the Church Welfare their Bishop, Alma Williams, came to the Rexburg Stake all had Welfare

Program is manifesting itself in her assistance in a practical way. projects, the High Priests producing

nearly all the wards and stakes of the Seventytwo men literally took off their about 850 bushels of wheat and 400

Church. At the present time the procoats, rolled up their sleeves, and harsacks of potatoes; the Seventies grew

jects to produce food and clothing for vested the crops of this widow; thus, 5 acres of sugar beets and 350 bushels

the season of 193839 which have been for the season, at least, making her of wheat; and the Elders produced

assigned are under way in all the resecure. other farm produce and made some

contributions to cash the proWelfare ofgions the Church.

is only This of a inone of number gram. few weeks witago Logan Stake A in stances the brethren which holding projects, other the Seventies Among inspiring sightnessed an nearly when in the Priesthood the Osgood Ward of raising for are Stake Rexburg hogs100 the of members rePriesthood

the spirit true showed of the Church the creating of purpose fund. a quorum call tosponded the of President Anprogram. Welfare another occaOn is to their This fund to be used sendthon E. plant ten to Anderson acres of sion, their of one when members, a missions to help members on quoandsugar beets been which assigned had to Brother child Cook, in sick a had the in other rum as members need ways stake.the response The enso was hospital the father and concerned was arise. maythusiastic the and cheerso work was life for the of child, the his love andfully that the done ten acres prewere compelled to him be almost constantlypared in and planted a single day. SEVENTY'S SERVICE at the bedside, the of his members Priests, ofGroups High Seventies, and AIR THE ON in turned out quorum a group, invitingElders the have accepted responsibility

the Adult Aaronic to Priesthood help missionary project of the caring forof a these until beets are they them, and dug his and sacked potatoes. Seventy, 139th of Quorummatured and harvested.

The 1937 reports of the Welfare One of the stimulating features of Big Horn Stake in is the the program are Welfare way repletework with examples of fall the of 139th 1934 the Quorum Tn their assostake presidents and whichgood accomplished Priesthood by quoinstituted of the Seventy's Seventy the ciates program have by backedrums and groups in cooperating the

Air, of the Service a radio program in instance, setting the example. Forwork. For example:

station of the radio broadcast over President Peter Stake, the Rexburg Brother Wilford Barnes, a member listencovering of area a wide J. KGHL, his of high invited the Ricksof members the Osgood bishopric, Ward was in ers states of the Montana, Wyoming, join in to presidency council stake thein field the harvesting potatoes. One parts Idaho, reachof Canada, and and project. All the beet sugar a membersof the horses, to supposed gentle, be defiing listeners of a never number council of high the the presidency and tangled in lines.became the Brother nitely at estimated but 20,000 known cultivating, in hoeing, joined topandBarnes to stooped lines remove the of basis the the to 40,000 on known beets. ping of three acres net the horse'sfrom The feet the animal when in service. the of range coverage of the to project proceeds amountedkicked him, striking his head. walkHe

ed to the house, but later went to the nearly $160, but in reporting this proThis program was carried on as an first. Eachhospital at Idaho Falls, where the ject they said: "We consider the fraexperimental project at

doctors found it necessary to take a ternal experience of meeting together service was the sermon of a new number of stitches. Shortly after he among the chief values. It also gave speaker. At first, musical accompaniwent into a state of coma, pneumonia us more influence with our Priesthood ment was given by the talented musiset in and in three days he passed quorums when we asked them to work cians of the stake. These features have

away. on projects."been changed in the light of experience,

His splendid wife was not only That this example, set by the presias the program has continued through- i out four seasons of broadcasting

thisAETNA 19341938. All building on REPORTS the work was WARD NOTABLE building. 193536, year, second The we beganRECORDS, the of with INCLUDING members done ward by the "NO the the to practice assignments of making plasterer, ofNONTITHEPAYERS"carpenter, exception one one

The Presiding Bishopric and one plumber. We appreciate very speakers, covering two, three, or even

Salt Lake City, Utah much the 60% which the Church furnished four consecutive sermons, which gave better in a opportunity of systematic cash. deBrethren:Dear

for nontithepayers has This had no ward the of velopment a contheme. At are sending you photos some We of our five the last years has had hundred and one series, clusion of the the sermons werenew meetinghouse that we commenced for per cent Teaching done Ward (100%) collected, published as book,building, a and 1936, May, finished and April, years. last the eight

It1937. several of copies dedicated was hundred which were August 16, 1937,

think a very have ward. good we We Apostleby Fielding loseph sold. listeners Smith. inviting practice of These The

there Last Fast and Sunday was Day, werephotos were taken November 20, 1937, write to for the copies of has sermons eighteen got people and young (18) upwith an attendance of including 104% carried for succesyears been on two their testimonies bore officers.stake

sively, the has the of been and means brethren, Your The Aetna has a population Ward of of of of dissemination thousands copies155. cost this of The building Bishopric Aetna $12,- was Ward the over sermons North Rocky Moun700.00. The of members the Christian ward went Jensen,

It area. tain that addi- a seems fewto the mountains, got out enough logs, saw Jensen, C. H.

and sawed enough lumber for the entire S. M. Skriver. tions to the Church could be traced

AETNA WARD MEMBERS IN FRONT OF NEW CHAPEL directly to this activity.

The third year the musical accompaniments were completely eliminated because the fifteen minute period was too short to arrange adequately for musical features and the work of arranging musical programs one hundred %m& miles from our base of operations became too onerous.

At the beginning of the fourth year, 1937, we began twoperson panel discussions. This type of presentation

...

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1938 bids fair to be the most successful in BIG HORN REPORTS aids in bone and tooth formation and creating listener interest and appreCONFERENCE RECORD health1. Fat soluble;of nerves.may be stored in bodyciation.

period. for short quarterly held conference the the series has begun in A T Each year mineral metabolism; calcium, 2. Aids *** in Stake, Sunday, Febcontinuing or Big HornOctober November, phosphorus other minerals andthrough to the Easter service. We ruary 13th, the Priesthood quorums food; useless unless reinforced within

feel that the project has been of great made an outstanding record for attendample vitamin D.

service in keeping us abreast of the ance and quorum reports. There were 3. Unhurt by cooking or oxidation.

best in missionary procedure and has present at the 9 a. m. meeting Sunday 4. Diseases caused by its lack: tooth

rickets, etc. bone and weakness, entire of thethus selfconfidence, 572 and boys kept our men our up or 41%

5. Sunlight vitamin and D. stake. of the enrollment Priesthoodalertness, has and probably a done

6. oils, liver fish Sources: suet, yellow of the Elders F. Merrill, in Council familiarizinggreat deal Joseph neighour butter, eggs, sunlight.

bors with the tenets of the Gospel of the Twelve, and Mark Austin, repreIV. Vitamin E: For normal reproduction.

many who would not otherwise attend senting the Church Welfare Committee, 1. Fat soluble; stored in body; resists

our services or who could not be reachwere in attendance. The afternoon moderate heat.

ed through other channels Archie R. meeting of the conference showed an 2. Shortage: sterility in males; miscarin riage female. attendanceBoyack, of the stake memStake President Big Horn of 27%

3. to "eat Mother for two"in vitamin bership. ArchieStake. R. Boyack.

foods. mineral and

4. Sources: grain embryo and other

MELCHIZEDEK OUTLINE OF STUDY FOR JULY seeds.

V. Vitamin G: For longevity and youth Text: The Word of Wisdom—A Modern Interpretation, by John A. preservation.

Widtsoe and Leah D. Widtsoe. 1. Water soluble; must be taken daily

in some form.

LESSON XVII organisms, why was it so difficult to under- 2. liver,Sources:kidney,yeast,leanmilk,meat.cheese, eggs,

that disease stand may be caused by the 3. hair, of shortage: Effect unhealthy"In Season the Thereof"vital substance in the diet? lack of some skin, wrinkles early and irritation; (First part of Chapter 11)

3. of vitamins has the knowledge pellagra. of evidences age; How

I. Diet is of Importance. Great nutrition factors as necessary been of good to 4. Relation mental powers.

origin. of dietary history contributed established? has What Questions, Problems, Projects 2. of beriberi, pilstory scurvy, 1. TheDiseases this report. to knowledge? a full Give

lagra. 1 specific the function vitamin of Review 4. of investigation the Explain methods

3. of recent. Discovery cause its in to relation the man's and body B it nutrition. imregarding human Why 4. of disease.""deficiency Meaning health. of the are general sources What diet to that a portant understand be ismay

II. are Vitamins Necessary Food Conthis in food? vitamin our sufficient for individual but inadequate an

stituents. 2. is his that this authorities in for posterity? the agree do done many How Why 1. Define.

is factor lacking health nutrition laboratories? the vitamin most B

2. Discovery.

is in dietary? in the of the function 5. vitamin and European American What A 3. named. How its 3. is socalled "diseases are also of the diet Tell source? the and what What

4. found. Where is civilization"relation diseases the or are beaggravated and caused what what by

5. of experimentation. Methods

its in diet. in of lack the shortage vitamin tween a them and B

III. in Nutrition ScienDeveloped Modern 6. in particular? the of a eaten survey food Make

tific Laboratories. families five other family your and and in 4. the of function vitamin Review C 1 to effect diet study of posNeed on its report vitamin of quota A. on What diet resulting the diseases from man's and terity as well individual. the as on this intake? increase to done be may its Why to lack. eaten foods should be What 2. small of animals. Use carrots, are rutabagas, squash, yellow it? furnish 3. Similarity nutrition the between better turnips? yams, vegetables than white 5. the Tell about "sunyou what know diseases of the the and and human fruits vegetables other and some Name it in functions shine bodily white vitamin"—how rat

rich in vitamin are A. which it health obtained. be where and may 4. animals used. Other

6. the called vitamin has E been Why 5. different In countries. XVIII LESSON for essential reproduction? vitamin Why IV. in of Function the Vitamins The Hu- "In Season the Thereof"of functions vitamins the of are and B A diet. man part of (Second Chapter 11) almost importance? equal 1. functions: General present. must be

I. is 7. B: disease for nerve pellagra Vitamin the Explain health; good why 2. illSpecific action: shortage causes

States so United prevalent in the southern ness; absence death. digestion. produces

flour, soluble; not stored white countries other in body. where 1. Water and 3. mineralizing agents. As

2. in the builds Functions other tapioca, devitalized cornmeal nerve body: and and 4. vs, devitalized Natural foods.

5. of Importance each; one may not 3. health.Its great importance in maintaining isfoodsthearecurethe forstaplethisarticlescondition?of diet? ExplainWhat substituted for another. be

health of the digestive tract, espefully. All Source of Vitamins. V. The

cially the bowels. 8. Make a survey of your family's food of 1. Influence sunlight in other respects. 4. Relation to reproduction and mothfor one week. Does it contain adequate

er's full to for nurse required vitamins young. power of all the amounts 2. are in stored plants. How vitamins

5. for Foods eaten B: to be vitamin your improve health? do to can you What 3. in animals. found where and When

it? especially parts the of to diet? germ are going and do about you What VI. Antiinfective. Vitamin A:

grains discarded. often parts are of food which soluble: Notes: The in 1. Fat be stored body. may

6. its lack: Diseases caused upset by those are richest in vitamins minerals 2. Its definite and functions in the body:

fits neuritis, digestion, convulsions, parts often are thrown which health of skin and mucous memaway—the paralysis berior and eventually in minerals, soaking used for precious water branes.

beri. discarded vegetables; or and 3. cooking and Effects of shortage.

Need for its daily intake. pails!) fed to chickens (or garbage 4. pigs and as Carotene precursor of vitamin A. 7.

celery, lettuce, cabbage, of outer parts 5. Sources: green and yellow vegeII. Vitamin C: for healthy connective—the

tissue. cauliflower, as the as well peelings potato fruits. tables and

6. How retained or destroyed. 1. Water soluble; not stored in body. vital germ and bran of wheat, rice and

2. Functions in the body: promotes other grains. It takes more knowledge, not

Questions, Problems, Projects health of teeth and gums, also for necessarily more money, to improve man's 1 Who was Louis Pasteur and what was healing of wounds. diet today.

his great contribution to human welfare? 3. Found in what foods?

Describe the development of the germ 4. Importance in daily diet. LESSON XIX

theory of disease. Why was it difficult for 5. Dangers from shortage. "In the Season Thereof"

scientists in general to accept this theory? 6. Destroyed by heat; some retained (Third part of Chapter 11)

2. After the acceptance of the theory that if cooked in vacuo. I. Vitamin Content of Different Foods.

disease is caused by the presence of microIII. Vitamin D: the "sunshine vitamin;"(See tables on pages 164, 165.)

... 8

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1938

1. Those which form the best source for building food is more imperative than in nutrition said recently to the writer, "If

of each vitamin in fruits. when one is in health. How may these your people would live according to all

2. Those which form the best source needs be met? the requirements of your Word of Wisdom

of each vitamin in vegetables. 8. Discuss this proposition: The science you would never be ill."Why don't we?

3. The foods which are most deficient of nutrition as understood today was unborn How did the Prophet gain this knowledge?

in vitamins. 100 years ago. Yet a great modern expert Discuss fully.

4. Foods which should be eaten in

greatest quantity.

II. Effects of Canning and Drying. MONTHLY REPORT OF THE L. D. S. STAKE MISSIONS

content. 1. Regarding vitamin

2. Regarding mineral content. Made by The First Council of the Seventy to The Council o[ the Twelve Apostles

3. Deleterious effect of pressure cooker For the Month of March. 1938

vitamin content. on

4. with Cooking soda destroys vitamin Missionary Activities March March

affects 1937 1938 content. mineral and

1 Evenings or part days spent in missionary work 5,748 8,693 5. better Sundried foods than with 2. spent in missionary Hours 19,672 13,800 work

heat. gas or high 3. calls of 11,077 16,089 Number made

6. When dried or canned food is used, 4. Number of first invitations in 5,644 4,607

of revisits 2,680 Number 5,635 extra vitamin food to be provided. 6.5. conversations Gospel Number 10,829 reliable. 7. Advertising not always 7. of standard Number of church works distributed (does not include Books of Mormon15,926

reported under item 10) 254 No. 488 III. is Shortage of Vitamin Foods The

8. of distributed other Number books 467 366 Dangerous.

9. of tracts and Number distributed pamphlets. 17,814 12,502

1. disease of vitamins Absence causes 10. Copies of actually of Book 321 sold Mormon and death. 11. Number of hall meetings held by missionaries 264 280232

of cottage meetings Number held 769 missionaries 932 by 2. produces Vitamin shortage the first 12.13. of missionaries Number 2,186 attended cottage hall 2,639 who meetings. and diseases. of deficiency symptoms of investigators present 14. Number at 2,671 cottage hall 3,973 meetings and

3. Countless people suffer from these 15. Number of baptisms as a result of missionary work 175 92

people over of years Of (1) 15 age 70 first symptoms.

people (2) under years of Of 15 age: because often the dangerous 4. Most a. Both of parents whose are 35 members

is not recognized. cause b. under Others years 15 of 37 age

Classification not designated 5. 33 vitamins. contain which Foods no

16. of inactive Number of members service Church brought into activity through stake missionary 6. in rich are vitamins. Foods which during the month. 427 1 6 7. the wisely. diet Planning human

IV. Infant's Food. Additional Information

1. in life start begins The right with NumberNumber ofof stakesstake missionsin the Churchorganized. 122119 118112 birth before of mother the baby.

2. Mother's milk best if mother is in Missionaries Actively Engaged

health (as she should be). Number of stakes reporting 104 85

3. Infant's need of all vitamins and Number of districts 376 250

Elders 250 226 minerals is imperative.

Seventies 1,383 918 4. Natural foods best if baby must be High Priests. 299

weaned. Women 306 164188

for Invalids. Diet V.

1. Extra care that food for the sick Total 2,238 1,496

shall supply body needs. Items of Special Interest

2. Ordinary pasty, white diet inadeInterviews were held in the office of the First Council with 17 Stake Presidents and Stake Mission Presidents

quate. during the month of March.

3. Increased need for vitamin and StakesVisitsduringin connectionthe month ofwithMarch.Stake Missionary work were made by members of the First Council to 18 mineral foods.

4. Everything necessary to build resistance. QUARTERLY REPORT OF L. D. S. STAKE MISSIONS

VI. "In the Season Thereof."Made by The First Council o[ the Seventy to The Council of the Twelve Apostles

1 The meaning of verse 1 1, Doc. and For the Quarter Ending March 31, 1938

89. Section Cov.,

2. of nutrition Science unborn in 1833. Missionary Activities Quarter Quarter

3. Modern nutritional science confirms Ending Ending

Mar. 31, 31, Mar. of Wisdom. the Word

1938 1937 inspiration 4. The 13,986 26,709 of modern Prophet. 1. Evenings or part days spent in missionary work

Questions, Problems, Projects 2.3. NumberHours spentof callsin missionarymade work 66,26853.624 33,80426.648

1 Understanding the role of vitamins and 4.5. NumberNumber ofof firstrevisitsinvitations in 22,07217,179 11,3776,697

minerals in the diet, what foods should be 6. Number of Gospel conversations 53,614 27,081

used in the daily diet? 7. Number of Standard Church works distributed (does not include Books of Mormon

reported under item No. 10) 1,496 757

2. What foods should be eaten in mini- 8. Number of other books distributed 1,522 671

tracts of distributed 29,006 pamphlets 58,831 and 9. Number avoided? should bemum Which

1,205 actually 443 of Copies of sold Mormon Book is vitamin so shortageWhy? quantity?Why. danger10.11. hall 564 missionaries of meetings 898 held by Number

ous so universal? and. 12. 1,507 3,029 cottage of missionaries held meetings Number by

13. 5,386 hall 9,419 cottage missionaries meetings attended of and Number who foods should fresh be eaten daily 3. Why 5,611 investigators 14. present hall 12,767 of at meetings cottage and Number possible? precautionswhenever must What 15. result of of missionary 458 baptisms as a work Numberbe taken if canned or dried foods are eaten (1) Of people over 15 years of age 136 245

of age: years 15 people under (2) Ofin quantity? any

are parents of members 73 a. Both whose

4. should be a prospective mother's What years 15 age of under Others b. 76

greatest concern regarding her diet before Classification not designated 1 73 of inactive members of Church brought into activity through stake missionary service Number during service 1,805 541 the Quarter child?the birthWhyof thetakebaby?these Whileprecautions?nursing Exher 16.

plain fully. Additional Information

5. fathers that Number understand Why should Number ofof stakesstake missionsin the Churchorganized 122119 118112

it is cheaper to spend for good food money than for doctor's bills? Give your reaction Missionaries Actively Engaged

to this statement. Number of stakes reporting 104 85

Number of districts 376 268 6. of the child health are dangers What 226 250

if fed are dried or babies canned on foods EldersSeventies 1,383 exclusively? High Priests 299 91164

7. Is it necessary for one to be ill? What Women 306 188

causes illness? When one is sick the need Total 2,238 1,496

CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC—EDITED BY JOHN D. GILES

BISHOP MARVIN 0. ASHTON BISHOP LeGRAND RICHARDS BISHOP JOSEPH L. WIRTHLIN

THE NEW PRESIDING three members of the new Bishopric Little, Robert T. Burton, John Q. CanBISHOPRIC have served in the mission field. non, John R. Winder, Orrin P. Miller,

Wells. Smith, A. and John David at Bishopric, Presiding incoming The Priesthood Aaronic DepartmentHPhe in this DisBishopric Presiding The the special of of meeting employees a presents of Improvement Era The its the history with pensation began the Office, in Presiding Bishop's spoke its the ofto thousands over members in of 41 Section revelation contained the of praise of highest of terms work this Presiding the month,Church, new given Covenants, the Doctrine and directhree the under brethren whose revelation, also,Bishopric, by who, Partcalling 3, 1831, Edward February the tion the Priesthood, Aaronic and the of the Presidency Aaronicform the over Church."a "Bishop to ridge be affairs of temporal the Church, have all in the the world.Priesthood At license his bishop's day, following The progress. outstanding such made PretheApril of Church, Conference in Rigdon's handissued Sidney was Richards becomes Bishop LeGrandsiding Sylvester Bishop Cannon Q. of the writing, signed twenty and by Presiding the Church, of 7th Bishop the position of to the elevatedwas including the Elders leading Church, of fact, this also 7th the of reason and by retired automaticallyApostle, which brother, his Hyrum. Smith, and Joseph the President to of person become counselors.his brethren These who Presiding Bishop the time, that Since in times, Priesthood Aaronic modern the so long servedhave and Church its leadof one of been has the Church Priest, this in acting as a capacity High highest thefaithfully given were comhis counselors, he, officers ing with and Priesthood. the presiding Aaronic over President Grant,mendation Heber by J. responsibility unincreased carried has that the to of position corresponds His at the of time hearty thanks vote aand til stand Bishopric the Presiding today chilthe of in the days Prophet Aaron that great throng the the changeof by the Israel, of in as members leaders as in Israel. his book, Studies of In drenfilled the Tabernacle. the of Authorities Church. General of A. Elder Priesthood, Widtsoe John

bishoprics of Aaronic and Members this the of the Council makes Twelve THE OF MESSAGE THE WARD particularly, supervisorsPriesthood and the reference: held Melchiz- "Aaron BISHOPRIC QUORUM TOall the Aaronic others concerned with the presided over Priesthood and edek MEMBERS special the to are read urgedPriesthood his the in lesser as day, Priesthood Priestfeature Aaronic the of retiring the thetribute to of Asa members after Priest Presiding High *"* Bishop—a it is recomprogram, quorum hood in of editorial section thebishopric The the of order bishthe of that the member mended for the fromImprovement May, Era in day."the PriesthoodMelchizedek—presides Lesser over our acin each program opric, of charge the of of Elderpen A. Widtsoe John six have preceded The men who suggestivity, with message present a the ofCouncil Twelve. this in important and Richards Bishop

of the recommendations tions and are: position responsible Edward Bishopric, Presiding which new The in for guidance the to bishopric boys Partridge, K. Whitney, Newell Edward asincludes Bishop Richards LeGrand lives, part of each as a daily their B. Preston, Charles Hunter, William Bishops Bishop,Presiding and Marvin freleast at as meeting, or quorum Sylvester Nibley, Cannon. Q. W. as Wirthlin L.O. and Ashton Joseph is possible. as quently

first five counselors have The who set counselors,his apart Thurswere list the of of suggested some The Isaac are: Bishop Ashton preceded 14. brethren these of Aprilday, Each

treated, as a be topics which may Hardy, Robert Leonard Morley, training, preparation, W. specialhas had

bishopric, of the of this part message Miller, Burton, P. T. Orrin and David fitting this for experience himand new

follows: as are for 1938, recommended Smith. A.calling. Bishop Richards a been has

in for Father Heaven. our Reverence president, nine twice, a stake andbishop counsecond been a have There worship. for places of Respect

mission president twice. Both Bishops selors preceding Bishop Wirthlin. Honoring the Holy Priesthood.

Ashton and Wirthlin have served as They were, in order of their service: Respect for the Law.

bishops and presidents of stakes. All John Corrill, Titus Billings, Jesse C. Respect for Parents.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1938

Respect for the opposite sex.

Respect for the aged.

Respect for self.

Secret prayer.

Faith in the Servants of God.

Honor and Truthfulness.

Formation of Good Habits.

Integrity.

Gratitude.

Keep your promises.

Loyalty.

Value of selfcontrol.

Tobacco.

Strong Drinks.

Pool Halls. AARONIC PRIESTHOOD OF HAWTHORNE WARD, GRANITE STAKE, AT REGULAR 9:30 PRIESTHOOD

RECEIVED HAVE THE STANDARD QUORUM AWARD FOR Sunday 1937. 1936 AND Late hours—DancingAmusements. or Auto Riding. MEETING. SIX QUORUMS IN THE WARD

Steal. shalt not Thou for the Standard Quorum BEACH ADULT WORK qualified proper companions. LONG Choosing Preeach year by the Award, issued PROGRESS MAKES to the poor. Kindness

"Deports of gratifying progress in the siding Bishopric, to quorums reaching

MARICOPA STAKE HOLDS ** work of the Adult Aaronic Prieststandards prescribed for efficiency, acAARONIC PRIESTHOOD hood have been received by the Pretivity, and attendance. This is the only

BANQUET siding Bishopric from Long Beach ward in the Church to have this recogsix nition to quorums. given to condefinite campaign Stake. A anthe attended persons 400"VT early Priestthe years Aaronic For many inactivity into every bring tact and of rally the nual banquet and been has of hood Hawthorne Ward Priestthe Aaronic of active member of Stake Priesthood MaricopaAaronic its in in accomplishments; outstanding been has of years age 20 over hood in at Hall recentlyheld Mesa. Meyona participating of the members number full in is carefully and developed now of the Aaronic group 315 membersOf in asthe in program, actively Church swing. guests of thePriesthood quorums were filled, in missionary signments work the of step outlining each circular A Council, the Presidency,Stake High preparation In inactive members. among prepared Verne has by been campaign the Priesthood Aaronicand Comof Sacrament, administration and and secthe of Adult S. Chairman Handy, preparReliefmittees with Society the responsibilities, Lesser the other Priesthood Aaronic the of tion Stakeing serving banquet. the and this has of had Priesthood group ward the of approval the with Committee of Wright, Elder Chairman Lorenzo record. unusual an Council. Presidency High and Stake Priesthoodthe comAaronic Stake this picture page on shown was The in early began DePreliminary work of (since the presidentmittee made a. regular at meeting the taken 9:30 m. the to having the view with cember

) recently dividedstake was which was represents an Priesthood the of and the with begin new active campaign program ceremonies. ofmaster The of group. that attendance average indicates that most report year. The members. provided quorum bywas Curtis, Aaronic E. former Bishop Fred organized and are the of wards now Gilbert to prize attendance wentThe his of ward, and Priesthood chairman is stake the throughout that the work present. presenwith TheWard 85% his assolater Stake, Granite and of progress. substantial makingtation Elder T. Frank made was by bishopric, with together the ciates of

Pomeroy. President J. R. Price, their HAWTHORNE WARD MAKES the quorum supervisors, have been sent

former president, but now president of OUTSTANDING RECORD a special letter of recognition by the the addressed Stake,the Phoenix new the Bishopric. Aaronic of recognition to Presiding All quorums Cpecial

all to encouragingassembly members the operating on in the of ward are now Priesthood Hawthorne Ward incontinue good works. basis, and Standard given been Quorum Award has by the Stake Granite

KANAB STAKE ADULTS GIVING Presiding Bishopric for the second conhave qualified thus far this year for prized highly the the of award to be issued All six quorums secutive year.GOOD RESPONSE

1938. at the have end of of Priesthood this ward Aaronic

A letter from President Charles C.

** Heaton of Kanab Stake indicates encouraging progress in Adult Aaronic THE WORD OF WISDOM REVIEW

InPriesthood wards, which work. two Information Regarding the of Pertinent

in project, this joined a classhave of A Monthly PresentationLord's Law of Health is strides. rapid making29 members

President Heaton writes: "It is marvelous to see the attitude of these men NOT FOR YOUTH own wish to safeguard our virtue. Sudand the seeming desire they have to denly, we don't care. We are free of

learn and become useful in the wards Tn youth's bright and shining world, our own and our family's inhibitions.

in which they live, and the splendid * there should be no place for alcohol We only live but once!

attendance at the weekly meetings. as a beverage.

Our missionaries that have caught the This is the opinion of Dr. Haven "Oh, I just wanted to see what it

spirit of their calling are doing a very Emerson, noted American physician, was like,"is youth's reason for doing fine work with this group."and one particularly interested in the everything from trying to eat a bunch

field of public health. He bases his of bananas on a bet to going swimming

CLARKSTON TEACHER'S statement on his own observations and outdoors when snow's on the ground.

QUORUM MAKES 100% on the studies and reports of other "Anything once,"is written large on

RECORD IN WARD scientists in this country and Europe. youth's banner... and "anything"is

TEACHING often apt to be alcoholic in this day piGHT members of the Teacher's QuoAlcohol goes as straight to the human and age.

L/ rum of Clarkston Ward in Smithbrain as a wellpitched ball to its bat. Dean Griffith, of American Univerfield Stake, each with a record of 100% It shocks those gradually strengthening sity's graduate school, believes that

of Ward Teaching in 1937, have renerves on which happy and successful fully onethird of the college and uniceived recognition from the Stake maturity so largely depend. It may versity men who drink don't really want

Aaronic Priesthood Committee. All injure them permanently. to. Among other things, they have to

members are active, also in quorum and uphold the tradition of youth to "give other Church work. Alcohol's action is to take away our it one fling, anyway"—and at any cost.

CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC—EDITED BY JOHN D. GILES

so forth, and there is always a need for the surplus foods and produce that

IricwL JsuKhsuA. TTbiMjaqsL &l $july, 1938 come from gardens and farms. All

THE CHURCH WELFARE PROGRAM suchbishopdonationsor throughshouldhim,beandmadea properto the

T ast month our attention was directed to the three major objectives of the receipt is to be issued, the same as in *-* Church Welfare plan. These objectives are to supply food, clothing, the case of fast offerings. Such donafuel, and other necessities to those in need; to help the unemployed find tions are to be evaluated at their preswork; to assist those barely subsisting to raise their standards of living. ent value.

objectives the in of the a place has plan. The Church Every member The 193839 Budget Program

all participate. extent that to the Church only reached The and will be when

Welfare program begins in the home, around the fireside, with family prayer, The General Church Welfare Comand a common understanding among the members of the family that enables mittee has obtained from the stake them to cooperate in the solution of family problems by the application of reports submitted to the First Presisuch proven principles as faith, honesty, thrift, industry, kindness, and condency's office the following informasideration for each other. It moves forward through the payment of tithing, tion:

the observance of the law of fasting, and the contribution of fast offerings The number of L. D. S. families assisted

assistthe number the year 1937 during and activity part on the It contemplates the utmost donations. of all who and

1937, of the December, during month ed vitality are of the Church the Priesthood. life and hold Indeed, "The the month), peak (supposed to be drawn from the Priesthood with which the Church has been endowed,"and Church Funds, County funds, W. P.fromA.

when the Priesthood meet together often and seek for a sympathetic unfunds, and C. C. C. funds. By using these

derstanding of each other's problems, and endeavor to advance the welfare figures the Committee has been able to foreof all the members in a spirit of unselfishness, the Welfare work of the cast the probable load for the fall and

Church will move forward rapidly. winter of 193839. With the help of the

the General the of C. and S. A. U. mothers, of Zion staff daughters wives, and Church—the rethe Societies Relief food the of Board plan. influence upon the Welfare The obligation fall—willTheexercisewomena ofmarkedthe for winter the coming and quirements

ever resting upon the sisters seems to have been to "provoke the brethren to have been determined. Stakes have been

good works."Any man holding the Priesthood will labor more graciously visited and the matter of producing necesand effectively if encouraged and inspired by a mother, a wife, a daughter, sary foods discussed with the ward and

or a sweetheart. In turn, such a man is generally a happier and more stake officers, including officers of the Priestdevoted son, husband, brother, or lover. The Lord has ordained that the hood quorums and Relief Societies. PriestSocieties, Relief stakes and quorums, hood shall Society. organization as the Relief This be organized is an women themselves food to assigned have wards

in is to assist duties its other Priesthood, auxiliary to the and among to for care production the needs programs carrying out the program of the Welfare plan. of the people of the Church, and the work

It is suggested that the ward teachers also discuss in every home, the of producing these foods is now under way.

value of fasting, and the need of fast offering contributions and other Each quorum, Relief Society, stake and donations, to sustain the program. ward will produce the foods adapted to it;

of stakes a series exchanges between by in all clothing, and food, for stakes the been assignments have Budget made at will the large regions, be Church and this the of commodities. Discuss phase program, encourage and and other all foods of the varieties supplied with

members to support the Priesthood quorum, Relief Society, ward and stake essential to the welfare and health of those projects. needing assistance. In this way potatoes

of Idaho can be exchanged for citrus fruits from California and Arizona; wheat from

for tomatoes and can be Idaho exchanged to stake that should endeavorSUGGESTIONS TO WARD stake, etc. fruits Utah, from collect the year, miniduring $2,300TEACHERS

mum, as fast offerings. The Place of the Relief Society

How the Church Welfare in the Welfare Plan

Plan is Sustained Welfare Donations The spiritual values of the Church '"Phe financial foundation is Fast offerThe report read at the last General Welfare projects are important. Men

ings. All members of the Church Conference indicates that even after are working together for the common

are expected to fast two meals every the Church has reached its objective in good, in a spirit of unselfishness and month and make an offering to the the matter of fast offerings, considerable are experiencing the joy of such service.

bishop which shall be at least equal to other means will be required to carry At the last General Conference of the the value of the meals. Fast offerings on the Welfare Plan. In some wards Relief Society it was said:

are used exclusively to help in caring and stakes those who are able are The active participation in this plan by for the needy. The hope of the premaking additional cash donations, and every Relief Society officer and member is

siding authorities is that the faithful often Welfare donations are made in essential to the establishment of social and members of the Church will pay a full food, clothing, fuel, and other commodieconomic security in the Church. The

is auxiliary organization the Society ties. thereby making are necessaryFast offering, up any and Relief Such donations

the look for Priesthood must to whichdeficiency be created welcome. which by Nothing should be wasted; may in assistance the performance continued

those who do not observe this law or nothing useful should be thrown away, its full social duty toward its people. of

who fail to make their contributions. even though it may have had some The work of the Relief Society results in

It is expected that at least $1.00 per wear. Everything of value should be a twofold service: First, a service to the

year on an average will thus be secured saved. If we have anything in our people developed by the initiative, long

for every member of the Church, If homes, places of business, or on our experience, and foresight of the Relief Sothe constituting ciety itself, Soand now in five arethere need, hundred a members be do not it may farms that we special regular program; and second, efthat to the contributed plan everyward, Welfare and ward should make at the time to time a ciety'sservices rendered from

fort to collect a minimum of $500.00 per proper use can be found for it. It is special request of the Priesthood. For

year fast offerings. If there are two surprising to know what has been done both we must rely upon the individual memthousand three hundred members in a with used toys, clothing, furniture, and (Concluded on page 373)

OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS OF THE GENEALOGICAL SOCIETY OF UTAH

SMITH, FIELDING JOSEPH J. KIRBY, JOHN

President Treasurer, and A WILLIAMA. WIDTSOE,LUND, HAROLDAssistant JOSEPH Secretary. CHRISTENSON. JAMES

President. Vice MARK E.M. PETERSEN.KIRKHAM, L. GARRETTAssistantMYERS,Treasurer and

ARCHIBALD F. BENNETT, Directors. Superintendent o{ Research Bureau

Secretary and Librarian. ELLEN HILL.

Assistant Librarian.

PHOTOGRAPHIC REPRODUCage, William the Conqueror and then horns volume, of whom 33 were alive at the in the lives Scottish with and on Kings of time in 1936. the publicationTIONS Both OF GERMAN PARISH royalty. of these read have one you When traced. female lines are maleREGISTERS and

facts have get you than no more you would

BYIII.2226/12.7.a decree, ofdatedtheReichsministerofluly 18, 1933—the outso muchof a wellwrittenentertainment.novelWhenand younot havenear A PROBLEM IN GENEALOGY

Interior for the protection of documents of thoroughly identified each of your great From the Virginia Gazette,

next generation thoroughly has been back Official Society for Genealogical Re-—theantiquity, especially for the parish registers grandparents, never be satisfied until the Sept. 23, 1775.

family. placed in the history of your Don t To Mess. Dixon & Huntersearch to systematically ordered has been

photograph all German parish registers up be intellectually lazy, above all things. Fredericksburg, Sept 7, 1775.

to the establishment of the Vital Records Comb the records and get at the facts. We Gentlemen:

Offices in the year 1874, unless there are have known people, working on their family existing duplicates. In provinces where history to visit England, Scotland, Ireland, HPhe following is a production of a

there is danger for several reasons, this has and other foreign countries, come home and A young lady of this town (Miss it all write up, descriptions with glowing in process the 1935. of since beginningbeen to the marriage of D.) L. on M. L. W. of the ancestral old of the sixteenth home it this, urgently Besides has been found of a Gentleman A. and Mrs. Lady C, etc., century, scintilla giving without one to asnecessary as photograph, possoon abilities, character distinguished and that of the in it proof lived people whosible, is the parish registers there where a

"I think the amiable deportment: most related to in were them way. any From theirpossibility of to in safety danger any

place in Germany. The result will be the Southern History Research Magazine, Vol. couple within my notice."If you think

preservation of old records which otherwise 1, Pt. 5, p. 438. it deserves a place in your gazette (as

could not be safeguarded from decay or the it may probably divert your readers to ravages of time. This photographic reproBOOK REVIEW explain it, and give no offense, for I

is films theduction cost to without upon please assure I intend none) will you isparishes. fee the 'T'he only at present The to reader. a constant do so, and oblige

registers. themailing charge of A ceiptGenealogicalof a volumeSocietyentitledis in Dere-

The churches are always given the opscendencia Dos Los Marqueses de Apply to Mrs. M. C. a daughter of L. W.

portunity to order enlargements paper upon Luis Pombal Moreira Costa de by Sa E

Official the for Societyfrom Genealogical father's uncle; husband's S. 937. my my my My

for price enlargement,Research. one The brother; is of ThisJ., Porto, one to volumes be the few

issize cm., at 21 present Pfenning, 21 x 29.7 I also mother. unto am sister own my to the Portuguese section of added our toor about per page. 8c 10c Accordingly I sister brother called aunt and to a am

is It Library. a printvolume, handsomethe register of price of pages 100 one on John,

film, which eauals 200 pages of the register, ed on a good quality of paper, and proTo whom wit and good nature combined would be 42.-RM. If the size of the register fusely illustrated with a large number doth belong.

is only 11 x 30 cm, or half the size of a of striking and interesting family porThis paradox, strange as it may be to you, sized registerregular for the page, price I that please traits. day can prove to you traces the volume deAny The

is pages100 only for pages. 200 21.-RM true. be scendants of Portugal's statesfamous

is this the cost of binding. added ThisTo is lawful. marriage N.B. The of the eighteenth century, man Sebasiaois is leaf expensive because somewhat each

Jose de Carvalho e (16991782) Melo is thepasted a groove only on and binding: lines written Note above were The of marquesspossible thread. for with to price 200 Pombal This The (1770). of a lady young Fredericksburg by 8.- will leaves300 about to be 12.-RM. statesman the dominating was power (L. the D.) of Col. marriage upon (Translated Ernst AllKoehler from by in affairs of Portuguese state the during of Fredericksburg, Willis Lewis with Suchblatt Bergemeines Sippenforscher, fur years from 17501777, 27 as secretary

lin, Carter, of Ann February, Champe. widow 20 1938.) John state of foreign affairs, of of and war. referred to in C. Mrs. the verse M. was influence His exerted to promote, was INACTIVITIES BRAZILIAN Mildred Carter, daughter Col. of Lewis not the only of the welfare of kingdomMISSION first his Willis, wife, by Champe Mary Portugal, but that also. Brazil of All wife and of Carter, Landon was who the"Kfl"genealogical Mertlich, Paul his descendants are in traced the down the brother of Carter A Ann (widow ** supervisor of the Brazilian Mission, reports that genealogical activities Champe), the second wife of Col.

are being carried forward with gratifyLewis Willis. John W. Willis, brother

results.ing The following is copied ofbrotherMildredreferred(Willis)to in theCarter,verses. is Thethe his report:from

in the following is shown is Brazilian Mission going to do relationship The now chart genealogicalmore the and missionwork

John Champe=Jane.aries all receiving are instructions personal Will proved

on how to do research work and to help in King members. George Co.

1759 also have a special during week We only topicswhich genealogical are WillisAnne disMary Champe—I Lewis CarterJohn Champei

in allcussed meetings. In organized born Nov. daughter of

branches a program is also given with this 11, 1734. Charles Carassigned Gospel topic. terGeorgeof KingCo.

LAZY GENEALOGY John W. Willis Mildred Willis=Landon Carter,

The lazy genealogy is one that goes back sonter, ofKingCharlesGeorgeCarjust a few generations and then has a skip Co.

in it about in length, a hundred years jumps to England and joins Burke's Peer1906-7,Copied pp.from124-5."William and Mary Quarterly"Vol. 15,

General Superintendency General Offices Y. M. M. I. A. General Presidency

MAIN STREET Y. Y. M. M. M. W. CITY, LAKE UTAH GEORGE LUCY GRANT CANNONI. A.

S. Y. J. M. I. A. JOSEPH WILLIAMS HELEN W. Q.CANNONMORRISI. A. General50SALTNORTHOffices

BURTON K. FARNSWORTH 33 BISHOP'S BUILDING VERNA W. GODDARD

OSCAR A. KIRKHAM, SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH CLARISSA A. BEESLEY,

Executive Secretary Send all Correspondence to Committees Direct to General Offices Executive Secretary

THE JUNE CONFERENCE 3. Adults—Hotel Utah.

4. Seniors—Y. W. M. I. A. Board

of the fortythird AssoConference Improvement General Mutual Annual HThe 5. * Room.M Men—Barratt Hall. City, Friday, ciations Salt in Saturday, will Sunday, and held be Lake 6. Hall. Gleaners—Barratt Institute 13. held 10, 11, 12, to be a with Monday, June and Summer June 7. Gymnasium. Explorers—Deseret

I. all interested in officers others teachers the A. A. and program and M. 8. M. I. Room. Juniors—Genealogical are invited to be in attendance for the general and departmental sessions and 9. Scouts—West High, First North

recreational activities and exhibits. and Second West.

Features of the Conference, in addition to the messages from the First 10. BeeHive—18th Ward, 107 A St. Presidency of the Church, will be the introduction of the coming year's work, 11. Improvement Era—Y. M. M. I. A.

consideration of better teaching methods, and the music and dancing festivals. Board Room.

A special feature will be the ceremonies attendant upon the Jubilee year Noon. Superintendent's and President's

observance of Scouting and the Church. Luncheon—Lion House.

The Friday theme: "Building Latterday Saints through Cultural Activities."2-3. General Departmental Sessions.

The Saturday Theme: "Building Latterday Saints through Better TeachAdults and Seniors—Assembly Hall. ing."M MenGleaners—17th Ward, 141

North. West First Latterday Saints Sunday Theme: "Building Religious The through Hall. DeExplorers-Juniors—Barratt votion."High, First North and Scouts—West Conference 19381939: The General I. A. Theme will Theme for be the M. Second West.

By love serve one another. For all the law is fulfilled in one word, even in BeeHive—18th Ward, 107 A Street. this: "Thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself."—Galatians 5:1314. 3-4:30. Socializing and Round table and

The music festival will bring together approximately 2,000 singers from receptions.

throughout the Church, each ward being privileged to send 10 representatives to 7:30. Music Festival—Tabernacle.

sing under the direction of Augustus D. Zanzig of New York, music director of Sunday—Building Latterday Saints

the National Recreation Association. Special preliminary rehearsals will be through Religious Devotion.

held on the evening of June 9 for Salt Lake County groups and on the morning 8-9:30. Testimony Meeting for M. I. A*

of June 10 for outside groups, with full rehearsals continuing Friday afternoon Leaders—Assembly Hall.

and all day Saturday, 1012. Separate General Meetings.

I. Y. M. M. A.—Barratt The Conference promises a program full of instruction, interest, and inspira-

I. Y. M. W. A.—AssemblyHall.Halt tion. 2. General Session—Tabernacle.

7:30.vocation—Tabernacle.Latterday Saint Boy Scout Con*

Addresses by President Heber J. Grant

&tis>i>cry%/ and Dr. Ray O. Wyland.

Monday—Building Latterday Saints,

through Wholesome Recreation.

8:30.mation—StepsRegistrationof andBureauProgramof Informa*Infor--

tion.

General Presidency of the Young Pilgrimages.

Women's Mutual Improvement 10:30. Demonstration of Theme for

General Superintendency o[ the Association. Summer Expression.

Young Men's Mutual Improve* 12:30. Ward Picnic—Memory Grove,

ment Association. City Creek Canyon. 1: 30. Recreational Activities—Memory

Grove, City Creek Canyon.

JUNE CONFERENCE PROGRAM 5. Music Festival Rehearsal—Taber- 6:15.Grounds.Supper—Family Outing—Capitol

nacle. Sunset Grounds, Service—Capitol Latterday Saints through 6.Friday—Building ExplorersScouts- -Deseret Gymna- 7:15.8. Scouts Boy of America Cavalcade Cultural Activities. sium. Program.

8-9:30. Reception and Registration 7. BeeHive—18th Ward. 107 A St.

Tabernacle Grounds. 8. Senior Socializing—Young Women's Board 1 Room. 9: 45-1: 30. General I. Session—Taber- M. IN THE A. TEAM 5:30. nacle. Confiesta—Saltair. PALMYRA 7:30. Dance Keynote Heber J. Festival—Saltair. Address—President

9:00. General Grant. Dancing—Saltair. Palmyra Branch of the Eastern Latterday Saints 'T'he I. M. Saturday—Building A. Assembly—demonstration. * States Mission, located in the birthBetter through Teaching. Improvement Era presentation. 8:3010 General Session—-Tabernacle. place of Mormonism, was for the first

Activity Luncheon Noon. Community tc "Let's Mutual."'in time the history this Go of recogtown

plate. Lion a Service. Evening I. A. Sunday House—50c M. as nized a Christian its Church when

2-4 I. Cultural Sessions. p. m. to Message A. M. I. A. Leaders—Presiinvited team to M. was compete

1. Activity Counselors dent Community David O. McKay. in the InterChurch Basketball League. Hall. visiting choruses. Music by In this league the boys Mormon won 2. Floor 10:3012. Bldg. Bishop's Sessions. Department AssemblyDrama—4th nine out ten of played games 1. and 3. won Bldg. Hall. Memorial Executives—Assembly Dancing—Smith

playoff, the 4. 2. Arts, story, thereby giving speech, Speech debate, the Floor Bishop's them Secretaries—4th conversation—Barratt HaJlBldg. championship.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1938

Altogether, they played thirtythree games and won twentynine from some of the strongest church and club teams in and around the vicinity of Palmyra.

This record was made possible under the leadership of Manager Samuel Ferguson and Captain Walter Dibb, by the kind of teamwork and sportsmanship that speaks well of the training acquired in the organization which they represented.

At a banquet given for all players of the league, the team was presented with a beautiful trophy, emblematic of the

Palmyra Inter-C hurch BasketballLeague Championship.—Samuel ].

Ferguson, Branch Clerk.

NORTHERN STATES MISSION REPORTS PLAN B ryantNorthernS. Hinckley,States Mission,Presidentrealizingof the

the stimulating effect of the M. I. A.

Recreational program of the Church, itevolved a plan for promoting in the PLAYINGTOP: MANAGERPALMYRASAMM. FERGUSON,I. A. BASKETBALLALLEN ROBINSON,TEAM, 193738.ED. LYNCH,FRONTALMAROW,WATTERSONLEFT TO RIGHT:(MISSIONARYNONsmall branches that are isolated from FROM LOGAN, UTAH. BACK ROW, LEFT TO RIGHT: WILLIAM WALKER, JACK PIETERS, WALTER DIBB,

NEFF, MISSIONARY. (PHOTO JENSEN CAPTAIN; FRANK NOT AVAILABLE), AND WELEY the of the Church. body

MISSION BOYS,""JOY STATES NORTHERN LOWER: ALFRED TRAUFFER, LEFT TO RIGHT: Elder Richard A. Parry, a graduate A. NICOLL. A. PARRY, AND FRANK RICHARD

student of dramatics of the University of Utah, was appointed to conduct a South Indiana District in five halfhour upon the opportunities before them and tour of the mission. Elder Alfred programs over station WBBF, Evanswork out a calendar of events that will

Trauffer and Elder Frank A. Nicoil ville, Indiana on the "Sunshine Hour."hold intact the fine organizations of the

were chosen to assist him in carrying past winter. The summer activities for

forward a carefully worked I. A. out M, deare fraught with many the M Men activity program. Elders These three lightful features. and worthwhile The

known as the "Joy Boys"arranged an following are suggested for your use:

all itinerary to in cover the branches

Activities. 1. Physical states the Indiana, of Ohio, Michigan,

S. Dr. Franklin a. chairman: McGhie, ball soft stake league should be Frank W. A Illinois, Wisconsin, and Iowa, which Harris, Floyed G. Eyre. Homer scheduled with one organized or two

Hales. B. Dr. Kiepe, Werner C. WayneWarner, territory constitute the of the Northern per week. games

States Mission.

Beginning in Cincinnati, Ohio, on PHOTOGRAPHS b. maySwimmingbe plannedand hikingwith orpartieswithoutwhichthe

January 11, 1938, these Mission M. I. A. HPhank you very much for the fine Gleaner Girls.

representatives held a meeting with pictures we are receiving of M 2. Intellectual Activities.

a. for the Reading Obtain Course book balls. banquets and entire the branch We asMen-Gleaner in which a model

its the year encourage coming and all of print them only could wish wesembly presented. program This was class circulation members. among permit. will not but space Era consisted of singing, trio community b. in pilgrimages educational Organize

in our use them however, selections the readings inWetheshall, Boys,"by will "Joy wellinformed person a which by Elder Parry, western songs by June program. conduct an outof-door demonstration

Elder Nicoil accompanied by banjo, lecture on botany, geology, astronand talks on "Recreational Opportun- M MENGLEANER PAPERS omy, history, horses, etc.

Activities. come everywhere ities for the Youth of the Church"by "pROM

a. or three attractive dancing Plan two papers issued Elder Trauffer. and by pamphletsM Men- 3. Social parties during the summer.

On February 28th the group began Gleaners: from Arizona, California, b. Schedule canyon, lake, or resort outtheir second tour of the mission. The Idaho, Utah, faraway Hawaii, in fact ings with the Gleaner Girls.

first Spring Festival was held in Cinfrom all over the Church. We thank c. Participate as a group in stake and

cinnati, Ohio, with marked success. you for permitting us to see the picture ward outings.

Two evenings were spent in each of the field and get this closeup of 4. Spiritual Activities.

conjoint from monthly a program delightful. are first work. Keep a. Plan branch. night They reyour a dress The

class. Preof your members Men M right are going as them on sending hearsal for we held the was dramatic

it offer in sent your and ward home all publisuch to of a display have the group, groups rehearsed, music and in in it for stake. the other use wards

those participating in public speaking cations in June Conference. b. Plan a definite schedule of Sunday

and retold stories were given final inEvening discussion groups with the structions. On the following evening M MEN SUMMER ACTIVITIES Gleaner Girls. These should meet

the M. I. A. Festival was held in the "Cor a number of years now the M. after Church at the homes of various

hosts act as and members who who branch. average at attendance has been The announced I. A. program

if light are serve refreshments they each program the than continues that throughout more was as one 100% of last desirable. suggesthought This

the of membership in most season the branches. year. winter the our end of At is tion enthusiastically recommendedNearly onethird of each audience was our M Men groups are large and ento you as we have seen it worked

made up of investigators and friends. thusiastic, with all the momentum desuccessfully in many wards. It furForty-one branches in the Northern sired to carry forward a wholesome nishes a fine social contact with the

States Mission were so visited. program of summer activities. But too Gleaner Girls and gives intellectual

stimulation and spiritual growth that In the course of the journey are allowed often these organizations the "Joy is most desirable. clubs, sangBoys"before schools, disintegrate during the summer and to

on the radio. During the week of months, all for the want of a little leadStake and Ward leaders of M Men

February 20th to 25th, they appeared ership. It is hoped that ward and meet at once and plan your summer

with their associate missionaries of the stake M Men leaders will capitalize calendar.

John D. Giles, chairman: M. Elmer Christensen.

"Dor the first time in the history of. Scouting in our Church official uniforms will be worn by Explorers at

the Silver Jubilee to be held in connection with the June Conference, June 10, 11, and 12. The color scheme of

the uniform selected for the Jubilee will vary somewhat between the various

Scout Councils.

The uniform selected is a plain shirt, gray, white, blue, or other suitable color with tie of appropriate complimentary or contrasting colors, the regulation Boy Scout cotton full length khaki trousers, with tan shoes preferred. If a hat is worn it is to be the

official Scout hat. The official Scout

belt is suggested. sweater Explorer The

years several which was adopted ago ROW,EXPLORERS,CHURCHFATHERS,VANBALLANDCHAMPIONS;WARD OFFICERS2ND ROW,OF FATHERSFIRST WARD,IMMEDIATELYLIBERTY STAKE.BEHIND THEIRFIRST

continues to be the recommended style SONS; 3RD ROW, BISHOP AND WARD OFFICERS; FRONT, KNEELING, LEO JENS0N, EXPLORER

for L. D. S. Explorers. LEADER.

Each Scout Council will select its own color of shirt and tie, to be uniform event which has so beneficially affected to secure the attendance of Scout Comthroughout the Council, but otherwise the lives of many thousands of boys and missioners. As key men in their stakes

the dress of Explorers for the Silver men and through them women and it is felt that they should secure the

Jubilee of Scouting in the Church and girls of the Church. In these 25 years information and inspiration of this great

the tenth anniversary of Exploring will untold good has come to the Church gathering and carry them back to all the benefits itself, not only through of the stakes of the Church. the same. be

training, citizenship This will be the first time, also, that characterbuilding,

Explorers have taken a definite place and helpful activities in a dozen fields, as such in a great Church celebration. but through breaking down barriers of EDUCATEDOR MERELY

There are now more than 8,750 Exprejudice and bias and making friends plorers in the Church. The definite of thousands of the best men in AmerSCHOOLED?

figure is not available because of inica and foreign lands. {Concluded from page 345)

complete records. In addition the As we end the first quartercentury be lived on the physical and mental growth since May 31, 1937, is not rethe total of Scouts and Explorers—all levels alone and succeed. But I ask:

older of course, the younger and Scouts If figure given. in the the flected comnot of the Do many programs of mark. the The 35,000 is it figures plete available bewere groups—nears school society and today work out reports, latest 1937, of ending in June that be lieved the nearer number would levels? these on knowledge To reflect this to not recent enough and it. probably exceed and 9,000 The will which put one the since progress Flying the great will year doubtless be getahead—which goal for next

set at 10,000. With the rapid growth Squadron "resold"Scouting to the too often means ahead of the other of Exploring and its gratifying progress Church, show 24,863 Scouts and 8,662 fellow—and to have a good time, in

over the Church that number should Explorers. The grand total is 33,525. a comparatively cheap style, are

be reached. By June 10 when the Silver Jubilee bethese not aims all too common today?

Log of the Explorer Trail number 8, gins there is every reason to believe Why do not the schools, as the containing the complete program sugthat the total will reach 35,000. specialized agencies of society in

is greatest the far number by This for the of Explorers Church, gested pointing better a really way, become in prothe of ever Scout engaged boys distributed the during will Jubilee. be the force dynamic they should be?

is It auspices. under our gram Church the In National complete with harmony If ethical religious and ideals can all justifies the that pride a record we of the of Scoutsprogram America Boy be taught so as to integrated become in feel that the has progress been made. largely the vocational based uponand

it if into living, is possible to build it justifies certainly great celebra- a it And of explorations the program Scout offers a wealth of help and suggestions tion at the coming June Conference. character through education, and if

society needs people more enso Commissioners, for Leaders, Explorer Silver of Jubilee Features the are dowed, our high schools why officers. and I. A.Committeemen, and M. Participation our of Church own colleges effinot functioning for features plans includeOutstanding more representatives leaders, of the National ciently in Explorerorganizing Troops, programs doing these things? of reCouncil, America, Scouts Boy meetings, of exfor conducting methods "all sees one students When at least gional of executives retwo social the expeditions,plorations and athletic wrought up"events about of gions, largest the group Scout Exrules for suggestions and andprogram while the humanitarian clubs the on in Salt ecutives ever Lake, assembled

Vanball. participation of several hundred Scouts campus—if there are any—lead but

and Explorers, the great L. D. S. Conuncertain and feeble existence; when

vocation of Scouting in the Tabernacle one further observes the intense en- o on Sunday evening, vocational expedithusiasm which can be generated by in for tions delegates, session one Boy the "college while pressing prom"chairman; Philo T. Farnsworth,D. E. Hammond, the our will meet boys which Church social E. Peterson.Arthur unheeded, causes go need one

another they and in which to cynic will not judge be a that there35,000 leadNational Scout and Regional SCOUTS FOR THE meetleaders, artificial is too of the much andJUBILEE fire signal the Jubilee on ers, and Enlife. in college Thinking of the notable superficial are Peak, 21, sign someTwentyfive ago—May of such things, at least one may features program. of the Jubilee Scouts of the 1 1913—the M.yearsI. A.Mormon Church merged with the NaWhile all Scout leaders are being wonder—since freedom to think istional Council of the Boy Scouts of urged to attend the conference and our heritage—what the interests of

America. Now we are to celebrate this Jubilee a special effort is being made the teachers are.

.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1938

cred service, but suitable for more THE STORY OF OUR HYMNS anniversaries of the birthProphet's {Concluded page 356) from day or other special occasions honIt plays the clouds, with it mocks the skies; oring his blessed memory.XXiX. "JhiLSL, QtiMfdfL, lies. creature like a cradled Or *

JlfUL SsiSUL,'The tune of "The Sea,"was "LJere is another song, beloved by Msmond Neukomm, a The Church Moves On iJcomposer and pianist who was born {Continued from page 354) the Saints, written as a tribute

St, Institute of 10, regional George Salzburg, 1778, and died and July Smith,to the soon Prophet Joseph

FillRepresentatives chairman. from in Paris 'April tune This 1858. 3.after exact the martyrdom. The Bicknell, City, Delta, more, Cedar 'Seer L he writing the of the ofdate hymn, Blanding, Hinckley, Kanab, Parowan,!musician, late our the loved ffffjin own is It writhowever, unknown. was St. Beaver, George, from Utah, and Beesley. Ebenezer its in authorten was and Nauvoo from Overton, discussed Nevada, probits tells story. The hymn own beTaylor, pertinent afterwards their It lems to asJohn who work weekcame the third president of the needs no extensive analysis. Like day religious leaders.

it glorifies "Praise Man,"The To of of LatterChristChurch Jesus M. CHARLES WOODS the earthly of mission the Prophet Saints. illuminatinq storyday An PASSES AWAY lc d performed, no work th* # he is life of conof the Taylor John J> f"emotionally proclaims the writer s ft inin R.B. writtenwrittenrainedtained aa vnliiim*volume Kvby

H. Roberts, and a comprehensive love for the martyr and rejoices that

sketch of his activities is contained Joseph is now beyond the power of in volume one, page 14, in Jenson's his fiendish foes to harm him; that

Biographical Encyclopedia. he died for those he loved, exempliPresident Taylor was a forceful fying the statement of John (15:

love hath than 13) "Greater no manwriter. and editor was publisher He

life his lay that a man downof several volumes of the Times and this,

Seasons, and The Nauvoo Neighfor his friends;"that he has gone

bor, and subsequently sponsored before to welcome the Saints in calledthe paper Mormon. The A heaven. The song is arranged as a solo alover good vocalist and of hymns

he was a favorite singer of the and is not appropriate for every saProphet Joseph Smith, was in Car- M. CHARLES WOODSthage jail with him and cheered J/UL S&&L

"KJt presiformer Charles Woods, singing lasthis by moments Taylor "A John by Words A * the Mission,. of dent Zealand New of Grief."WayfaringPoor Man Neukomm Sigismond by Tune 7, shortdied following 1938, a May BeesleyPresident born Taylor Novemwas Ebenezer Arr. by illness. to cerebral Death due a was Seerl the Seer, Joseph the Seer, 1, in 1808, Milnthorpe,ber Enghemorrhage. reCharles The M. dear; Woods ever Prophet the of sing atland, 26, 1887, died and July found. be cannot equal now I'llHis in the April, turned to States United

around. world wide the searching By exile forKaysville, while an Utah, his mission 1938, from he where had day, of in the realms soared he Gods With

way, heavenly the taught sake.conscience'he for served men three approximately years, And

Seer! heavenly the Seerl earthly The in Latterpublished songs, Five dear; his memory on dwell to I love PRIMARY BOARD NEW of man, friend the and of chosen God The to credited the are Saintday Hymns, again; back Priesthood the SELECTED brought MEMBER He

too, future the Dispensation, past this and the ofthird Prophet gazed on He "Riss Jessie superintendSchofield, view. to world heavenly the opened And titles firstlineviz: the under two ent of recreation for Salt Lake birth, of heavenly seed, noble Of of Glory"of Messengers Ye "Go earth. of sons the bless to City, came of the a He named was member

given, the Almighty keys by With Give "O, 48 252),(Nos. and Me Primary General 5, Board on March heaven; of full stores rich the opened He

sable in Dear,"Prophet {No. wrapped that was isBack 1938. world the Schofield Miss O'er eminently My

193), "The Glorious Plan Which Like nightthe sun he spread his golden light, qualified for her new position since to stay strove he field how in the recreation O, she has served He strove, and (No. Given"53),God Has

reckless wayl in of crime stream The capacities in other states as in many Seer, Seer"(No. aim, Joseph, the a noble"The andits hand a mighty With

96). The last two hymns show the 'MidHe urgedfoamingthe waywardbillows andto angryreclaim;strife, well as in Utah.

reverence in which the Prophet was He stood at the helm of the ship of life. PLAY LEADERS WITNESS

his pride! I. Saints, only the Saints, Taylor. The Presidentheld M. by A. RECREATION

he died; for lived, them he For them Seer"were words of "The too, April The 13, 1938, recreation leaders their his, sorrows (}n were joys Theirfound to be well fitted to the music UnchangedHe loved thein Saints,death, withhe loveda Savior'sNauvoo,love. from the western states gathered

of an old song entitled "The Sea"He pleads their cause in the courts above. in Salt Lake City for their convention.

which was often sung by Elder John TheO, howSeer,I lovethe Seer!his memoryJosephdear!the Seerl In the evening they met at the Deseret

free, just the pure wise, and and dancing a sample The where Gymnasium favorite singer of the anotherKay, is father was, and to me. he A festival then adjourned was held. They their in dark hour rage Smith. fiends a LetProphet now Kay was Joseph

is matter, matter, he beyond no their to the music, Tabernacle drama, where in Legion, a No themajor Nauvoo power. activities the various and the of I. A. M. Brass of the Band, Nauvoomember free! Prophet's the free! free! he's He's in song,, program expressed were

be, ever he will where He is in the enterfavoriteand a prime speech, strife, pageantry. and reach of the and mobs Beyondtainment of Nauvoo visitors. The He rests unharmed in endless life.

in dwells with sky, the he His home's S. the L. D. DIES MISSIONARY written of Sea,"werewords "The Gods, IN ARGENTINA furious from rage the of mobs, Far first Proctor. Waller Bryan Theby

for died, those loved. he he died He 28, TJTomber Quist, son of Brown reads: instanza the reigns reigns, above. realms he He 1 A just the waits before, with have gone who He L. Mrs. Quist and Mr. Aaron of sea! sea! the the sea! openThe to the Saints Zion's welcome shore. To in Arco, died Idaho, April 30, Argenfree! fresh, is the blue, the ever this Shout, Saints, shout, given; boon yeThe

Without a mark, without a bound, We'll meet our martyred Seer in Heaven. tina, of pneumonia, while serving as a

It runneth the earth's wide regions round. missionary for the Church.

The Church Moves On namedby thepresidentFirst Presidencyof the Bonnevilleon MayStake16, Ward Teaching

Sunday, April 10, 1938. 1938. President Romney selected {Concluded from page 367)

Pres. Heber J. Grant dedicated the President Joseph L. Wirthlin's two bers of the Relief Society, the mothers in

chapel in the East Garland Ward, Bear previous counselors—W. Creed Haythe home. Certainly, the mothers must

River Stake. mond, first, and Owen G. Reichman, instill the spirit of independence in their

children, in this alone can and do much way sustained R. as second. Del Holbrook was

the family toward making a selfsustaining First of Bountifulbishop South Ward, unit. collectively constitute mothers The

Stake.Davis the Society. Relief ward

The Bountiful Second Ward, South In carrying out special services at the reDavis Stake, was reorganized with quest of the Priesthood under the Church

William R. Smith as Bishop. Welfare plan, the Relief Societies of the

Walter H. Moss was sustained as Church have done an excellent work in

for clothing of the survey a needs of theBishop South Bountiful Ward, makingthe period beginning September 1, 1938, Stake. DavisSouth are and in producing the engaged now

Lorus Manwaring was sustained as clothing requirements which the survey reBishop of the Orchard Ward, South vealed. One of the important and interDavis Stake. esting services being rendered is that of

T. Amboy Briggs was sustained as teaching women, right in their homes, how

Bishop of the Bountiful Third Ward, to provide their own clothing needs. The

at the being work done centers sewing by Stake. DavisSouth

is the Relief also Society very commend-

A. S. RICH SMITH ABEL DAVID able. these industrious watch unand To April 11, 1938.Monday, selfish dress a beautiful from make women MISSION CANADIAN material, or turn new used overcoat a or Genealogical Society reof The Utah PRESIDENT NAMED suit into suit, jacket, ski a other or piece of itselected officers as follows: Joseph First Presidency '"Phe the announced wearing apparel to child a make happy,Fielding Smith, president; ChrisJoseph * the heart would of anyone. warm 14, of appointment 1938, on Maytensen, vicepresident; A. John Widtis Relief Society taking active The a very as of president Elder A. Smith Davidsoe, A. William Lund, Archibald F. in part the encouraging growing of home the to Mission Pressucceed CanadianBennett, fruits, James Kirkham, vegetables, and M. flowers, in and conserving Mark

S. ident will Rich, Abel have who foods Petersen, directors. canningE. drying, and zealby and by

field in for served that years three ously guarding all foods supplies that andThursday, 14, April 1938. in leaves August. he none when be wasted. may The Cleveland Stake, Ward, Emery organization is in the will his activity to return to Elder Church Rich No bechapel fire, destroyed was by which highly more than the commended Relief in the seminary system. PresChurch

causedwas by the Society, the under able its direction of igniting of a film at ident served several has misSmith on leaders,the for it is the show. movie good accomplishing for is sions this the although Church,

its for and in the fields advancement for first is mission. his foreign also He it is responsible. a whichBONNEVILLE STAKE of General the the of member Board

PRESIDENT CHOSEN Deseret Sunday School Union. He and Glenn Cunningham said: "Anyone

G.JVarion bishop Romney, formerly his family will is uses alcohol lessening his ability, leave about August 1 for who1V1 of the field. Thirtythird mission the field no matter was Ward, in what of endeavor."

See Strange Sights New NOT FAR AWAY A thirtyminute spin to a favorite picnic spot—a weekit will give you end jaunt—or a long vacation trip...

something new to talk about if you have a copy of "Travel Hints."This handy, 48page, illustrated booklet contains unusual facts about more than 100 interesting places to visit in your car. There's no other

book like it. Get a copy and plan more enjoyable trips.

Something else that makes every trip highly enjoyable is of 88 the climatecon- amazing and economy power Pep FREE MOTORISTS TO trolled to gasoline. your engine And keep smoothrunning

88 - Vico any Pep station. Drive in and—at free excessive use Vico, from the wear, and toughbodied,

ask for this helpful travel book. Also "Fishlonger lasting motor oil. Drive in where you see the sign....

ing Hints"booklets tor motorists who enjoy fishing.

STATIONS EVERYWHERE IN UTAH AND IDAHO

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1938

THE PROTESTORS OF CHRISTENDOM (Continued from page 341 The Nicene creed of the Athanasian persecuted the Catholics (the Athmoeans ( from "unlike in substance"first maintainedparty had now lost its imperial proanasian party) with a vengeance un12 now held the view tection. surpassed by the pagan emperors."by Aetius, that the Son was not

Immediately the Arian emperor, Determined by the emperor, the only unlike the Father in substance,

Constantius, took active measures "Catholic church"was now Arian. but also unlike in will. The Acaagainst Athanasius, -who was con- "Unity had now been brought about. cians, led by Acacius and by Valens,

demned by a synod at Aries (353) Neither in the west nor in the east bishop of Mursa in Pannonia, and again at Milan (355) by a was there a single bishop in office "avowing or disavowing the extreme ofsynod ( Athanasian 300 western who had not declared13 himself against Arianstances views... hadaccordingmost to influencecircumbishops Athanasius."were overawed by the "who

presence of Constantius and his Though triumphant, the Arians with Constantine.""

armed attendants. The emperor were divided. Eusebius of Caesarea Having become thus divided, the

proposed an edict embodying the had headed a moderate section at Arians weakened themselves as one

Arian doctrine, which he professed the council of Nicea known, at a or the other party obtained the supto have received by revelation; and later date, as homoiousians (from port of the emperor in a succession

he put down discussion by saying, homoiousion, "similar"or "like in of councils, after which the emperor 'Whatever I will, let that be esteemsubstance") or as semiArians. They exiled the bishops of the losing faced a canon. adopted homoiousion to express that tion: in turn the extreme Arians

Athanasius, driven from the the essence of the Son was not the controlled the synod of Sirmium cathedral of Alexandria, took to same (homoousion), but like that (357); the semiArians, the synod

again of Anctra a and new (358), theflight; and bishops who party included Father. did not of the This

in Sirium ), after which ( 358 his deposition,accept including bishops. synod of the majority the eastern

Hosius of Cordova and Liberius of The extreme Arians, known as Anothe emperor sent seventy extreme exile. into Arian bishops Arians,Rome, were banished. "The

1SL. Duchesne, Histoite ancienne de VEglise, vol. Continued) (To be ii,triumphant throughout 262. the Empire, p.

w (FunkPerciballi, Manual 262. o/ Church History* A p.

"Smith, Student's Ecclesiastical History, vol. 1, 12Smith, Student's Ecclesiastical History, p. 263. vol. 1. p. 196.)

FRAGMENTS

{Concluded from page 347) ened, and somehow lessened the hurt to tell him that she had tried to get Perhaps there was someone else.

in her throat. the divorce, but that she couldn't. She couldn't blame him* for not

She'd wanted to tell him that she wanting her after she had been so

J- HE waitress brought the realized now how unimportant her careless of their marriage.

gingerbread. Maurice hummed job was compared to their marriage. She turned her key in the lock, but

softly, "First she gave him gingerBut he had evidently not wanted to it was already unlocked. She must

bread."do any mending. have forgotten to lock it that mornChris set his glass down, and sudIf she could just prove to him ing.

denly, unexpectedly, they were a was maybe he would—there in standing the hall Chris waslaughing together. idea course this crazy chance. Of vase. at little blue the looking "How was Colorado?"she asked. was only a long shot, but she'd take

"Oh, it was fine."it. "I didn't know you had kept the

said slowly. "I apartment,"he soon?""Are you going back Blackalmost ran into Mr. She look around."a to have just wanted didn't answer. He He office. to I said. said, "Mr, well's "I want She

in said "Christy,"she a very small told he called on you me I'm moving and hand in my resignation. job."quit "I've voice. my didn'tthat—Driggs"to be able seem He to Colorado with my husband."

lovely glintyto go the brown, "Mar!"on. He said instead, "How's course, of was and He protested job?"eyes. lights into hisyour back came losing regretful at properly so cap-

"Splendid. I'm head of the deable a person, but he accepted her He said, "When Mr. Driggs told

partment now."resignation. me that you hadn't done anything

"Oh,"the queer look came back about a divorce, I came back as soon into his eyes. She called Christy's office to find as I could. But when you said you'd

out where he was thought, She'd I can staying when he been seemed to be all "When promoted—it returning to Colorado. tell wasChristy it will the about promotion about."you cared

really mean something. It won't "I'm sorry I can't tell you where She said very gravely, "I forgot

seem so flat."Now she wished she Mr. McLaughlin is staying,"the for a little while some of the promhadn't mentioned it. deep voice told her, "but he has been ises we made together, Chris. But

"Shall we go?"he said. He took definitely transferred back here and I shan't ever forget again."

her back to the office rather huryou can get in touch with him in He held her securely in his arms.

riedly. He said, "Goodbye. I guess the morning.""I'll never let you go—worlds with-

I won't see you again before I go Maurice finished the afternoon's out end."

back. Let me know if you want me work and started slowly home. She ran her fingers across the

to do anything about the divorce."Christy wasn't even going back to white scar on his forehead. And

He was gone—-for always. She Colorado. He'd been definitely after a long time, "Chris, I broke the

wondered drearily whether 'always'transferred and he hadn't even told little blue vase. I did the best I

had different lengths. She'd wanted her. could to mend it."

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1938

AFTER TWENTYFIVE YEARS (Concluded from page 342)

character, his for for honor him what attractive people, not to staffWe his Laramie of of workers, and to many

. is. it lived his saidhe be can he him Of

l t of thig his a even mosf ability to larqe it was exceptiona when brinqrcIiQion '''...'character. desirablelilt into qroups united r and

public servant, him, paid,'honor i - * who mi iu We - is j Alberta cooperative other,*! ubeen with each *of workersunion nHad BwmanT3 hu,has has received. given he than more Of

him it can be said, he was more concerned worldly wise in facing that important thought to be partly a result of his with what he lived to do than what he did situation at of the beginning his proservice fellowship as devoted and

*to live career, fessional activities leader said a have in the of the he would

It is indeed refreshing to hear such nothing about his religious affiliaChurch of Jesus Christ of Latterday things said about an educator today tions, or would have attended serSaints.

by his professional colleagues. It vices in one of the strong local As I see him day after day, giving

becomes still more interesting when churches. But he was not worldly his time, his labor, and his thought-

a brief sketch of the last twentywise in this matter. Missionaries ful leadership untiringly to the needs

five years of the religious life of were welcome in his home, just as of students, branch members, andBrother Bowman is known. As a they have been up to this very day; missionaries, I think—"and he is

young married man he arrived at the services were held in his dwelling, doing this after twentyfive years."

seat of the University of Wyoming and eventually, as L. D. S. students He has not become weary in wellto organize and develop the Extenbegan attending the University, and doing. He has been, and is, a true

sion Service. Of course he brought local L. D. S. families became estabChristian, a true Latterday Saint,

with him his fine academic credenlished, Church services and parties who, in following Jesus of Nazareth, tials, but something more—his reliwere held in a rented hall for many does not separate his religion from

gion. At that time the University years. Without attempting to imhis ethics, whose creed is one of

was a humble institution compared pose his theology or Church memrighteousness and good fellowship, with what it is today, and the L. D. bership upon anyone, Albert E. and whose work and play are flavor-

S. Church was not only nonexistent Bowman has become known by thoued, leavened, or spiced, as the case

in Laramie, but the name "Mormon"sands throughout the state of Wyomay be, by this rich experience which was a very unpopular term, and was ming, as a faithful Latterday Saint, is his religion.

CHILDREN OF ADVERSITY

, ( Continued from page 339 '"The day after my arrival I sat in had first lived through a Communist Hungarian language. On January

meeting with our members. They revolution and then a Roumanian 2, 1931, she was baptized. In June

partook of the Sacrament for the siege. Then they had to swear of that year her invalid husband

first time since 1918. The prayers allegiance to a new regime and in died. Just one year later, to the

spoken over the emblems of the the new land they became members very day, her daughter died of

Lord's Supper never meant as much of a despised Hungarian minority pneumonia while on tour with a to me as they did that afternoon, which has been sorely afflicted. theatrical company in Santiago,

That night I spoke to a group of the The only child of the family, a Chile. All alone, among strangers,

villagers. I left children of adverdaughter, had grown up with a dethis woman now only had a few

sity, overburdened with debts, livsire for the stage and had been sent Mormon Elders as friends. Ading under a strange government, yet to Austria at great sacrifice to preversity almost robbed her of her

anxious to turn an ear to religion pare for her career. Then the father trust in God. Yet a spark of faith

and any panacea which might deliver had suffered a paralytic stroke. Perthat glimmers through the sorrow

them from under their burdens, even sian rugs, gorgeous furniture, jewelstill continues that life in the hope though the promise was only for the ry and family heirlooms which had that it may find new anchorage and future. escaped Communists now had to be an opportunity for service.

There was yet one other memsacrificed to secure training for the ber to visit in Roumania who had daughter and a bearable living for Tn 1 932 I paid my first visit to Belbeen converted since the war. She, the family. For weeks before the 'grad, Jugoslavia, and met Sister

too, was a child of adversity. Was newspaper report of our Vienna Eva Arbics Vujicic who had acit chance or Providence which sent conference reached that home, an cepted the Gospel in Budapest,

the Gospel her way? In the spring automatic pistol had been the conHungary, just six weeks before the

of 1928 the district conference of templated escape from all the misery. World War began. She was of

the Church held in Vienna attracted This bit of conference news ofCroat descent and had to move to considerable attention and brought fered an unexplainable ray of hope Jugoslavia when readjustments were much favorable newspaper comment, to the troubled woman in faraway made after the war. For many years

One of these articles found its way Roumania. A card was simply adher only contact with the Church

to Roumania to the small town of dressed to "President of the Morhad been through the German Stern

Zalau, into the home of Mrs. von mons in Vienna."No specific adand an occasional letter from one of

Haragos. It came as a last hope dress was known. The card finally the German mission presidents.

to a woman burdened with the care reached me and a correspondence She had not seen another member of of an invalid husband, who, in good began, followed by a visit from me. the Church for fourteen years until

times, had been the finance director To the encouragement I could offer I called on her in her little oneroom of a whole Hungarian district. He this woman was added an opporcottage on the outskirts of Belgrad

and his family had been caught in tunity for her to serve, and Mrs. where she was trying to make a livthis section at the close of the World von Haragos began the translation ing by dressmaking and serving.

War, and in the months to'follow of the Book of Mormon into the (Continued on page 376)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1938

CHILDREN OF ADVERSITY {Continued from page 375) To her dying day, in November, staunch member of the Church in 1937, she had been a faithful LatterGermany. So valiantly had he

day Saint, anxious to have as many preached the Gospel that the Gerof her countrymen as possible hear mans had banished him from Gerthe Gospel, for she had lived in the many, which they could do because hope that some day its message he was a Hungarian citizen. In the

might be preached in her own native Basel Branch in Switzerland he had land. continued his faithful services until

From a letter written just two the war brought him under the weeks before she died I learned that colors. He, too, was forced to reshe was suffering from stomach disturn to his native Hungary after

orders brought on by slow starvathe war, where he married, became tion, a result of the economic conthe father of three children, and ditions which exist since the desettled down as the overseer of a pression and war scare hit the Ballarge estate. NEWU. H. THOMPSONGRAND kan States. Yet her last word to Since 1914 no missionaries have

Mtnagw me was not a plea for financial aid, labored in the territory beyond AT FOURTH SOUTHHOTELAND MAIN STREET which she would have received had Vienna, Austria. Political conditions

we been aware of her plight, but make work there impossible. Yet

for an interest in our faith and the seed which was once sown there prayers that she might bear the afhas not been completely obliterated.

flictions which came upon her durTen good souls still bear testimony ing the last year. to the truth of the Gospel. Although When YOUR We discovered another of our the Church has been able to offer

its office mission the ordinances Sacrament, when in Prague in and the forgotten received a Korressziget, these Home Burns... Balkan Saints in the autumn of 1935 them no opportunity to participate people letter from have not

Hungary, from Brother Johann covenant they made or the principles

There's a certain amount of Denndorfer. He too had been out they accepted. The law of tithing,

comfort to know that should of direct contact with the Church the Word of Wisdom, the first prinfire destroy your home tonight since the war. He had heard of my ciples of the Gospel still guide their

that you are covered by Fire visit in Roumania from Brother actions. Although their lives have

Insurance. Fielker and hoped that opportunity been burdened with adversity, they

faithfulness. test of to the afforded to stood have be would come me

will insurance indemnify Such call to guide a has been Eastern Gospel on and him and Hungary The for incurred the loss you and!

his aided family. has comfort them to them and

! to rebuild allow your you their in burdens. the a bearing Before been he had war

financial without hardhome J ship.

It's worth a good deal to have ) BECKONING ROADS this protection in these times. (Continued from page 337)

See our agent in your town. him than any of us gin him credit sent to these three. We are short

for."of cash right now."He lay the

three before her. The fourth

A he screen opened. It crackled in his fingers. "This one

interest it for paid some on in soft spots. UTAH HOME FffiE washad twobeenof speakingthe regularofhands.Reid. TheyHe time.has no Dad's Write INSURANCE CO. should be able to handle his father's this gink a letter and tell him to

HEBER I. GRANT & CO. work. If he had to find work, that 'ante'up or we'll take action to

General Agents would be different. He had trustpossess his collateral. That should

22 South Main Street worthy men who had worked for bring results."

Salt Lake City, Utah his father for years to help him over She took the note. Casually she

the doubtful places. He had his looked at the name. Then quickly

W.BK father in case of an emergency. Perat the name on the chattel mortgage.

haps this was the chance that would "No,"she cried instinctively, "I make him. The screen slammed. will not. You can't do it."

She looked up to see him standing "Think not?"coldly. "WatchENROLL(Commence Later if Desired)NOW before her. In his hand he carried me."

$25. Discount on a Complete some papers. Did she imagine it "I shan't write that to Pete. It

air there about a slight him or was IN BEAUTY COURSE CULTURE isn't fair. It is cruel horrid. and Accredited School A State of swagger? taking That he was help it wouldn't you very And

responsibilities his new seriously much."of Beauty School CultureOgden not to was be doubted. "Have it written,"he commandTheatreOver Egyptian OGDEN, UTAH

"Here said are some notes,"back."the get he time I ed, "by He

Name without preamble. "Four of out screen the them banging behind went

Address City.State are soon due. I want a reminder him.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1938

BECKONING ROADS Nancy sat where she was, staring She turned and met his eyes.

dully at the paper in her hand. How There was in them nothing but love

had she dared speak so to him? and deep understanding. She should

After all he was paying her salary. have known.

But to write that to Pete—Pete, who "Come on in with us."

worked so hard and had so little. "I'll see the boss first while you

She hadn't known he had this note and your mother have a visit. Where

hanging over him. He hadn't told is Mr. Wood?"

her. No wonder he had wished to For a breath Nancy hesitated.

postpone the marriage date. She Should she send for Reid? Mr.

had known vaguely that he was in Wood knew nothing about the letter debt but she was accustomed to the having been sent. The doctor had

word. Somehow it had lost its consaid he should not be worried. On

creteness. With sudden resolve she the other hand Pete would fare

threw the papers in the desk and better with him. Had he not already

locked it. She would catch the mail been lenient with him. Perhaps he

truck and go home. had remembered his own days of

At the door a line from her getting a start. But if he did that

mother's letter came before her. there would be trouble.

"Thanks for the money. I guess "Want to see me?"

you know how much we needed it."Nancy whirled. Pete turned

The words of Doctor Bruce echoed slowly. There, grinning broadly,

through her consciousness, "I am was young Mr. Wood.glad you have this work—"Slowly "Mrs. Porter, so happy to see

she turned and went back to her you again. I am sure Nancy is also.

desk. Her hands were tied as they Do take her in the house. She will

always were. She wrote the letter be tired after that dusty trip in an

six times before she had one she open car. Holverson, we'll step in

felt she could send. She addressed the office here."

it and laid it aside with others for For an instant Nancy was panapproval. Then furiously she icky. She knew that silky tone.

—topoundedhospitals.out otherIf sheletterscouldn'tfor herselfgo to "I"Thatshouldwilllikenottobeseenecessary.your father."I'm

school she might go in training. in charge now."

She would raise herself to a place "So I understand, but I will see where she could really be free. him, too."

That evening Reid asked her to Nancy hurried her mother away.

go riding. He was going horseThe time with her was too short at

back to the reservoir. She said no. the most. It seemed only a few minSore/ utes until Mrs. Chris called them.

"What is it to you if I am?""The man is waiting.""Just like a woman—-mixing senti- "I will be coming back in a few

ment and business. Thought you days,"Pete told Mrs. Porter when

knew better."they had joined him. His eyes were

She did not answer and he strode shining but whether with triumph out with a great show of nonchalor temper she could not tell. She

ance. Later she saw him and Miss waited eagerly for him to speak but

Meade riding down the lane. That he volunteered no facts. She guessed

night she sat by her window long some by the way Reid Wood came hours. She had mixed sentiment from the house. He passed them

and her work. Hadn't Reid done striding toward the corrals. He

the same thing? Wasn't there a looked neither to the left nor the A tiny gas flame. Can you hear that?

little spite in his attitude toward right. Of course not. And that's what does

Pete's note? The moon rose high "Thanks a million, Pete, for bringall the work in a Gas refrigerator. No

and still she sat thinking. She smiled ing mother over. It was grand to moving parts in the freezing system.

as she made ready for bed. see you both."She was standing by No noise, no wear—now or ever. It

the truck door, one knee on the means permanent silence... conINancy was working at fender, a hand on the steering wheel. tinued low operating cost. See the

her desk when she heard a familiar He looked at her with his old quizbeautiful new models in our show sound. With a spring she was at zical smile. rooms. You can buy on easy terms.

the door. Just turning into the drive- "Nice enough that you want me

Pete's old truck. Beside wasway MOUNTAIN FUEL

flying figure that sent her ahim was to "I—Icome don'toften?"think you had better.toward them. Hardly had it stopped Goodbye, Mother."SUPPLY COMPANY

when she had her mother in her Pete started to say something, 36 SOUTH STATE SALT LAKE CITY arms. She avoided looking at Pete. hesitated, then turned the key. His SERVING 21 UTAH COMMUNITIES

"Aren't we on speaking terms?"(Continued on page 378)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1938

BECKONING ROADS (Continued from page 377) foot found the starter. After three you. Guess he'll think we are all

attempts the notional old motor hard on him jest now. This youngen

started with a fusillade from the exof mine has to try his wings."

haust."Night—Sweetheart,"he whiswouldThe girl'shave heartto sellsank.his fewThensheep.Pete

pered. Things were going true to form.

But the father had stood by the son.

uhe watched with tears He—

in her eyes until there was only a "I'd like you to be useful for once cloud of dust in the distance. and get me some writing paper."

it, she had asked: brought she When "Can you come in a minute?"As

I for write it "Couldn't you?"

his she passed door on the to way not,""Course he answered her that room evening Mr. Wood shortly. don't I'm even "You know Advertisers, The called to her. in She went stood and writing."

F at foot the ind his of Will bed. and tan You Where had The letter short the finished was When not it his faded face from but had Their Messages it. sealed he addressed and lightened. Just now, however, he that's important. very "Now, Ins. Beneficial Life Cover Co—Back flushed was old tiredlook- and and

it directly..379 to Give University Brigham Young the—whoever ing. a For he studied moment..381 Oil Continental Co in goes town tomorrow."out of the..383 something Co. Music Daynes window. Then She grinned as she took the letter.

..357 Deseret her. his eyes turned to Book Co

old fraud.""You're an Deseret News Press..382

call..359 "What about you and this young "Don't Mills names, young lady. me Globe

Home Fire Insurance Co..376 man?"he snapped. I'm still boss of this shebang."

..378 Lankershim Hotel Pete?""You mean the next But morning she heard

Station KSL Radio else would "Who Reid into driving say: "I'm Blaine I mean? Had Inside Back Cover

out?"this morning, that those 323 a falling See Jim. Tractor Landes Co & Equipment

Le Crist School of Dancing..381 She nodded. mowing machines are put in shape."

College S. Business L. D...380 "Be making up again?"the She gave him mail hoping the

..324 Strauss Levi "No."half letters dozen would be mailed..377 Fuel Supply Mountain Co

New Grand Hotel..376 "Huh. Going back on him 'cause without close scrutiny.

Ogden School of Beauty Culture 376 he's hard up. Didn't think it of ( To be Continued)

Polk, R. L..381

Quish School of Beauty Culture..378

Saltair Beach 323, 378 // Electric Schoss Co..324 THE FARMER GOES TO TOWN Shell Oil Inside Front Cover Co

Standard Brands, Inc..381 (Continued from page 335)

Sugarhouse Lumber..321

Utah Engraving Co..381 cost of $25,000. The total revenue $230,000 were erected and ready

Utah Oil Refining Co..373 for the first year amounted to for operation early in 1929.

Yergensen Teachers Agency. 383 $15,817. In 1922, more property Today the farmer goes to town

was purchased for the increasing to two covered cement platforms, business, and by 1924, a clear title each of which has been divided into all property. to obtained was no At 150 stalls rented and to producers HOTEL LANKERSHIM time than the has more $81,000 of dealers for and the sale of Utah 7th & BROADWAY

capital stock been issued. $100,000 products. to In addition the stalls, ED (DoubleRATESor Twins) DoubleESTABLISHBed Choice inclosed there is an for market the desire of the been Tt had long $3.50 $3.00 $2.50

FRANK R. WISHON, President officials of the Growers'Market winter produce which has thirty

fifteen LOS ANGELES are used for of which to build a terminal market stalls, Company 'TWO PERSONS fifstorage purposes other and the - ONE CHARGE"to brokers, wholesale accommodate produce houses, seed, and supply teen into which trucks can be driven.

BE INDEPENDENT houses,ing to andthe otherfarmingbusinessesindustry,relatto- monthlyToday afee growerand a dealerpays whoa $7.50does

No Other Vocation So Profitable gether with railroad trackage facilnot grow his produce pays $20.00

ENROLL NOW ities. Automobiles were used almonthly.

For a Complete Course at the most exclusively for marketing, The wholesale produce building growers were increasing in number, houses all of the wholesale produce

Quish School of Beauty Culture and there was a greater need for imdealers in Salt Lake and has a railThe Best in the West proved facilities. By 1928, in adroad trackage of three tracks run336-340 S. Main, American Bldg., dition to having paid a 6 % dividend ning the full length of the block east

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH each year, the Growers'Market and west. Other features of interest

For Further Information Company had a surplus of more are a modern gasoline station and or Catalog Call than $41,000 in cash. The comautomobile accessory shop, a farm7560 Wasatch or pany now decided on a great ers'insurance office, a modern resin This Fill

Coupon building program. Old buildings taurant, and Western Union and and platforms were razed and new Postal Telegraph offices—all for the

buildings costing approximately convenience of the growers.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1938

\\THE FARMER GOES TO TOWN A high wire fence for ease in the stalls nearest the east entrancepatroling, water mains for cleanlion the market on both platforms. Sdnsptnng

ness and fire protection have made During the summer months until the market's patronage constantly October 1st the market is opened atswell until the average volume of 6 a. m. No buying or selling is (contacts

business done under normal condiallowed before 6 a. m., the opening

tions in the Growers'Market exhour, and buyers are not allowed on WitA ceeds five million dollars a year. the market before that time.

The company has been able to retire of the are season there the peak Atits interest, as they bonds, with have as as as ireat 1 1 Lea farmers 300 and many a large accumulatematured, and reserve fund to meet other obligamany as 3,000 other patrons visiting tions and to improve the property. the; market daily. Since 1925 a By attending the B. Y. U.

At the present time there are aptotal of approximately $35,000.00 Summer School, you can

in dividends, while has been paid stockholders, mostproximately 500 definite mental make other property the and taxes amount growers. areof The Church whom gains. The and spiritual yearly. to nearly $10,500.00 The Saints of Latterdayof Jesus Christ

still holds 200 shares of stock. capital stock is now valued at excellent regular faculty

Under the rules all persons doing $175.00 per share (par $50.00), will be augmented by

business on the market are required with a total net value of $335,- these experts:

inrents have Market all 000.00. liveto deal honestly up to and VISITING FACULTY

in 1919, from $7,532.96 creased Ph. L. D., West, to Franklin thecontracts denied or be made,

S. of Ed- D. Commissioner L. Church in 1937. Undivided $22,569.96 here.privilege of operating ucation.

$5,614.15, in 1919 were Kilpatrick, Ph. D., H. and William of profits in April Saturday the last On Columbia. Education, surplus undivided and in 1937 Ph. D., F. Stuart Chapin, for yeareach annual drawing an

Sociology, Minnesota. Building profits $167,091.21. were is particitostalls In held. order D., Ph. Piccard, Jean facilities inhave from rents new Minnesota. Physics, this in a personpate must drawing D., Ed. Bennion. Lynn in M. $15,073.70 steadily from creased of Edu- S. at least of stock. L. D. share Department Church oneown totaled until in they 1937 cation. 1929, stall be one drawn may byOnly D., Jr., L. Ph. Nuttall, John $29,127.59. of Schools. Salt City Supt. Lake in his name. personeach

S., Moffitt. M. J. C. for the day has In years approximately Cooperation of normal Schools. won Provo Supt.

250 to 270 stalls are drawn. There the farmer and has brought better CecilEconomics,G. Tilton, M.Connecticut.B. A.,

is a preference among growers for products to the consumer. Frank A. Staples. B. S-,

Arts and Crafts, National Recreation

Association.

Reynolds E. Carlson. M. S.,

Nature, National Recreation Association.

Augustus D. Zanzig.

Music, National Recreation AssociaIN MANTI STANDS A HOLY TEMPLE Georgetion. Stewart, Ph. D.,

(Concluded from page 333) Sciencetain Forestand Conservation,and Range ExperimentIntermounStation.

SPECIAL LECTURERS accept would of this House and prothis holy structure of dedicationthe

Ph. Ernest D., O. Melby, tect it always. hours of early the In of Education, Northwestern.approached. Dean

the appointed day, May 21, 1888, The three days of the dedication PhiloLiterature,M. Buck, Ph.Wisconsin.D.,

prayer, in singing, spent were and Sc. D., Popenoe, Paul hill the gather on to beganpeople CaliRelations, of Institute Family spirited in from sermons the Aposfornia. hillside until the of the templeeast

D., Ph. Henry Neumann, tles brethren leading other and who

a. the for m. Ethical Culture. Society Brooklyn 9:30 covered. Atwas present. of outpouring were The D., Ph. Paul Fleming, than more anddoors opened were Pennsylvania. Swarthmore, Spirit of Pentecostal the a Holy was Ellsworth C. Dent, 1 temple. the into people crowded 700 R. C. A. nature. Educational Department,

The services lasted more than five The Manti Temple has had for its Hon.UtahCharlesStateH. Supt.Skidmore,of Public Instruchours, but not one soul became restpresidents men of highest character, tion.

less. Everyone came prepared to reintegrity, and faith. Daniel H. Summer Quarter

first president. 22; Apostle if necessary. all night Alpine Wells was the Term, Term, June He Firstmain

27. 25—-August13—July July H. Lund, by Anthon was followed of theLorenzo had charge Snow 13 Institute, Recreation National June

services. After the choir had sung who was succeeded by John D. T. July 22

Education, on Elementary followed McAllister, by Conference who was"Lord, Thee Come Before We 2024 June his death Anderson, Lewis and at Lorenzo 1819 Writers'Snow offeredNow,"Elder July Roundup, the present head, Robert D. Young, prayer prayer.the dedicatory The

address For Catalog, Dean, appointed. all was gave unto beautiful andwas God Session Summer

praise and honor for His goodness This temple has been accepted of to the people; for the restoration of God, for within its portals thousands

the Gospel, and for the privilege of and thousands of saving ordinances BRIGHAM YOUNGbuilding a temple unto Him. His have been performed both for the

all thisblessings sought for the dead. and were who living May magUNIVERSITY nificent in for temple the temple; be always a monuworked all who

entered there; upon the rulers of ment to the faith, integrity, and sacPROVO, UTAH

nations; upon all people; that God rifice of its builders.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1938

ROMANCE {Continued from page 331) QJdjua Jhoming, from its spiritual foundation. Conlife has strength to keep her house

that ability to the clean, has manage leaks either will there no be and. sequently,early days theof boyromancewho duringholds thesetenahome so

ciously, without being longfaced or in the roof or in the budgeting, and narrow, to his religious ideals, who who, because she is well, finds she looks upon the calls which come can rear her family without resorting from his Church as rare, happy opto scolding and nagging.

portunities, is giving proof of the Managerial ability is an important fact that in days to come he will be thing for a boy to look for in the an anchor and a spiritual adviser girl he loves, that ability of a girl to in anything which may arise. There live within the means of her husis no success, no joy, in marriage band, to keep out of debt, to keep

unless the husband and father carher house wellordered, clean, atries a trust in God and upholds the tractive, and hospitable, to have spirituality in a household. meals on time and to keep herself in

readiness for the surprising and ex- "Tow let us turn to those requisites tra demands that are ever made which a boy or young man upon a wife and a mother of today.

should look for in the girl of whom Beware of the girl who shows no he dreams, this girl with whom he consideration during courtship days will entrust his home, his children, of a boy's pocketbook—the girl who

his future, and life itself. Marriage will allow the boy whom she protakes a great deal of physical, menfesses to love to spend his week's

tal, and spiritual energy. Only earnings on a night of passing pleasthose girls who have a foundation ure. This may mean only a frivolous

of health upon which to build these good time but it is an indication that three important structures can make in the days and years to come she the best wives and mothers. Marwill not plan wisely or spend judiriagestanding—socalls formuchpatienceof it!andWithoutunderciously.There is perhaps no greater thing

health these two characteristics fly for married tranquility than a womConsequently, the out window. attitude an's toward life—that courtship the wise is boy who during always makes her which something

is estabhe days when It things. of side right the look on future success Your opposite friendships dedays—thoselishing with the in find the her joy commonmakes chiefly pends upon what bill girl's health, of a to little things in sex—looks place, inexpensive the you what and you know inlike his course, of own, which is the wife of life. Blessed who do. can first high moral foremost cludes and at with eventide her meets husband

Therefore an early investstandards, a healthy body, a clean a smile, who has a word of cheer ment in the right training mind. Wise is the lad who looks and encouragement for him, who bewill pay dividends all your not only for pretty features in the lieves in the philosophy that:

life. girl in whom he is interested, but

there's generations evil also a few the sun a examines under every For

L. S. D. Business The if is there there's else none, or remedy history of into the health Colback

is the lege best with if it on a par find there's never try to none one and family of ancestors. kind her What

it. mind of schools kind ANYher are from? she does come What PRICE. WHERE, AT itsANY displays attitude possibilities? called thing This health inherited Does

The coupon below will her family boast a record of fine itself in the manner in which young bring information about the mentalities, of strong physical bodwomen talk about their friends; the

exceptional training facilies, for a record of the past bears girl who always has a word of deities that await you here. mightily on the future. Health in fense in behalf of someone who is

the years to come will mean peace of being criticized; the girl who from

LD.S. Business mind,and onehelpof towardthe richestfinancialblessingssecurity,on earliestgive sympathychildhoodwhenhasit beenis needed,able toto

earth, and will bring into home life show appreciation for the more intelligent and glorious spirits. trivial things and to reciprocate for College

to things her. given These are kindness there that says Robert Burns 70 Street North Main attitude. Thrice blessed exemplify that from drive things three a man

City, Salt Utah Lake for wife a chooses is the man who his home:

AAWVVVVVVVVWW\AAfVW\AAAAAAAAftfVMWWVUVV\AIVI/WVMnAnn/ the girl who can look on the sunny leaks, that life in general. side troubles of and Please send me the booklet, A reeks, that A houseroof in great Intelligence plays part a Future.""Planning Your who scolds whenever she And a woman

first those for during marriage, few speaks. Name

life there are of years married few

Address A girl who has a foundation of who escape the meaning of struggle.

health for the beginning of married Girls who perhaps have never done

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1938

Romance real housework, now have their own homes to keep, and how easy it isfor the girl who lacks intelligence This to think that the boundaries of her world are made up by the dishpan, the rim of the scrub bucket, the dustpan and the buttons which she is HOMEMADE eternally sewing on. The intelligent girl knows that no matter how ICE CREAMhard she works she must keep ever

open the windows of her soul and mind to the beauties of life so thather husband will always be proud tastes grand!

of her; that she will be a companion

who will keep pace with an outside world and can talk with him on What really finetasting ice cream you can make easily and inexpensively with Royal topics other than the baby's first Chocolate, Vanilla or Butterscotch Puddings! Just prepare any flavor Royal Pudding

tooth, the electric iron that needs and freeze it with cream and sugar. That's all.

fixing, and the new dress that she Ice Cream made with Royal Puddings is always velvetysmooth and uniform, a deis brokenhearted about because he licious treat for the whole family. Especially good for children because Royal Pudcannot afford to buy it for her. dingson everycontainRoyalwholesome,Pudding package.easily digestedServe somearrowroot.tonight! A homemade ice cream recipe

The intelligent girl will surround herself, her husband, and her children with good books to enlighten their minds, good pictures to bring beauty to their souls, and music tobring harmony into the household. -L>e Christ JJancers—Jxincjsburi] <Jtaii

The girl with intelligence during JUNE 11, 1938....

courtship knows how to listen intelligently to other people's converThe best show of the season. Prove your pride in superior

sation. She isn't afraid to make home talent by attending.

comment on opinions given; yet she

is openminded and respectful of the viewpoint of others. She respects

and reveres maturity. Her intelliSUMMER SCHOOL—June 15th at 15th East 1st South

gence comes to her rescue in the matFour weeks of intensive training for ambitious students and ter of dress, and she knows that modesty and conservatism are two progressive teachers.

of style's greatest aids in making her attractive. No one can minimize the

importance of intelligence in marriage, for without it conditions become chaotic, and with it life goes along like a song, homes run like TfotCAOHf welloiled remain machinery, voices force f0irt is thegentle. Intelligence

which guides the ship of matrimony and keeps it interesting, buoyant, and vital.

A girl must have an inherent loveof children, an understanding of CONOCO GERMthem, and look upon them as the j|p greatest joy producers in all life,otherwise children are a burden. But If PROCESSED OIL

to the girl who really loves them interesting the mostthey become tothing bring in life and a wedded OILPLATES YOUR ENGINE couple the joy supreme.

During these days of learning to know each other, a young

how wok carefully to see should watchman ob sue... R. L. Polk & THE "AttBOBITMttSaD''THUMB girl COMPLETE treats brothher Co. weA a youngerhow

LBTS 'cUfiSlflEB BUSWBS Directory Publishers SERVICE ENGRAVING sisters, her response what ers and in Established Utah portraits to the largest Missionary Fromis to little ones who are on the 1890 catalogues.

street. If she spontaneously reDistrict Office Mail Orders Given Prompt Attention.

CO. ENGRAVING UTAHsponds to their joyousness and to 405 Dooly Block—Salt Lake City 113 Regent St. Salt Lake City, Utah

(Concluded on page 383) THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1938

Solution to May Puzzle Scriptural Crossword PuzzleBurden Bearing (Galatians 6:2,10)

N E Q A D E Gc u A M & R E N T A G H T D A u E $ > H

i S xx H D A s N L a XX

I i 1 N T* T H E T N xx & fr 1 i TJ A A E L Q X\> & f AX E U E s N S a G A Y 8

i \y V A E E >>x] w K L> & 1 X l I A < E E R E N G B $ & S /A N E J H A R D G 1 X$F J E L R o XX E fe S H IN S N E u R $$ $F iS5 $XA u L R s S x p A L E s T i N ENC35&-

*><=><><>G<><=X><>G><>e=><><><=X>e>(>C>><0<(>

ACROSS

1 "... every man prove his owri 37 Month

work"39 "when I have a convenient..."

4 "let... do good unto all men"42 "that... might be justified"

6 "Be... deceived"43 "for it... written"

9 "and harmless as..."45 The villain of "Othello"

11 Song 47 "every man... bear his own bur13 "the name of the wicked shall..."den"

15 "lest thou also... tempted"50 "that shall he also..."

16 "they shall run, and not be..."52 "... a man be overtaken in a

18 "have rejoicing... himself alone"fault"

brier (anag.) ( of Turkey; of 21 City England 55 Measure /# to# <mw "... Of 19 Early English 53 Consisting of ten (Scot.) receive "that.. the prom-. might done, 23 thou good and faith57

ful servant"ise of the Spirit through faith"

Jjrioe... 2529 ".Lightcolored.. the willandof mildGod"58 "as.. we. not"have received mercy, we

30 Broadsword 59 "God is... mocked"

/j \E are prepared, now, 3132 "."If. we. whatsoeverlive... thea manSpirit"soweth"Our Text from Galatians is 1, 4, 6,

more than ever before, 33 "pay all that was... unto him"15, 16, 18, 23, 25, 31, 32, 33, 39,

to supply you with the 34 "his strange..."42, 47, 50, 52, 57, 58, and 59 comsmartest and most 35 Boy's name bined

modern wedding stationery. New styles, new DOWN

projection Extreme disgust 27 1 Rounded of methods types, new 2 (Scot.) Harmonize "Adam called his wife's name..."28 constantly are treatment

being developed to bring 35 TelluriumDirty pond; also (anag.) 3036 Dog'sLetter name

smartness and style to this 6 Marshal of France 38 "not seeking mine own... but

feature of your great ad- 7 Three, a prefix the... of many"

Cloth measures... 40

"until venture. And prices are 8 "iteveningshall cometime itto shallpass,bethatlight"41

most reasonable. Call or 10 Compass point into thethe ark"day that... entered

write today. 12 English poet 42 "and God shall... away all tears

14 "That the blessing of Abraham from their eyes"might come... the Gentiles"44 "Thou wilt... me the path of

Cke JJeseret CsXews 1 ress 1917 SacramentFish of the Lord's Supper 46 Turnlife"20 Cipher 48 One (Dial. Eng.)

29 Richards Street, 22 "shall fly away like a..."49 Russian measure

Salt Lake City 2324 PuffsFeminine name 5051 ManGermanloyalcomposerto David; ire (anag.)

The leading printers in the West for Eighty years 26 "But though we,... an angel 54 Mother

0><=><><=><<><<>c=k>c=><><=>;><=><>;>><=k><=>;>c=><0 from heaven"56 Royal Navy

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1938

ROMANCE t 1 {Concluded from page 381) s> their childhood problems and loves worthy and desire to live worthily to i them, she will undoubtedly carry the blessings of their eternal cove- i that love into her own home. nants. TftuAic.

And then paramountly, comes this Marriage is a spiritual adventure, For three quarters of a century the i matter of spirituality in the girl a a divine experience, and it must be 5 Housethe goodof peopleDaynesof havethe intermountainbeen supplyingter- i man loves. Without the desire to founded upon spiritual compatabil- 5 ritorychandise.with Thetheiroldestneedsmusicin musicalstore inmerthe pray for guidance, with a natural ity. An everyday preparation is West and one of the oldest in the United

love and regard for her God, one necessary to be worthy of entering DaynesStates wasin 1862.establishedToday intheUtahfirm isbyunderJohn

[he of management if Royal Daynes, into ever there for W. the can true the greatest temple sucdoubts adbe a 8 son I of the pioneer merchant.

life, life. it is cess in for in married the venture couple young The

from Everything "Pipe to a Organ a I its first life's teaches child a face mother problems can Tin who is by who this Whistle"sold leading firm by prayer, who makes time for family praying together for the solution of I ofof manufacturersmusic merchantsrepresented.with the very best

prayers, who feels the necessity of them, giving thanks together for the I Mail orders, especially for sheet music I seeing that the family get to their blessings which are theirs, will do Si of all kinds and musicians'supplies, are careful given attention. and prompt Write life meetings. to their married much to bring

for of copies sample and new well known of and security. Because Into the temple of God a young happiness music Relief for Mutuals, Societies and

couple go to take the sacred vows, their spiritual preparation, God will all Church organizations.

to proclaim to the world that before bless their marriage. I

God and their fellow men, they are Largest stock of Sheet Music and Mu-! sicians'supplies in the Intermountain

THE SPECTRE OF DEBT I West.

[Concluded from page 329) cial recognition upon infirmity from durance and who would work for DAYNESMUSIC COMPANY age or otherwise, or a plan by which less money. In America at least the 47 So. Main Street—Salt Lake City. Utah

the pensioner himself has contribhuman wastage in the depression i Successors to uted to the building of the pension was far greater than the human 8 Consolidated Music Company fund he receives. These oldage wastage in the World War. The and

pensions socalled have neither of old man out of work is one of the Daynes Beebe Music Company these elements. most pathetic, hearttearing trag- x=x ><=*><=>< ><=>:><=><><=>:>c>(><=><><r>:><=><><r=<><=<>cO

Where these gratuities are honedies of today.

estly plan devised the must be there is due under Some law no that r *)MKHWHHIUBKH shall legal certain that objection to taking no make aged perthem. But

I warn you who take them, not to son shall be cold or go hungry or count too much upon them for they unclad. But the prime responsibility

cannot continue to be paid indefifor supporting an aged parent rests nitely. Furthermore, where these upon his family, not upon society.

gratuities are obtained by falsifying Ours is not a socialistic or communthe true condition, by hiding propistic state, where the people are erty, by deeding it away in order to mere vassals to be driven about as qualify for the dole, or by using any animals from one corral to another.

device to hide or distort the real We are freemen. So still with us the

situation, this is downright dishonfamily has its place and its responsiesty. bilities and duties, which are God-

I honor and respect old age. I given. The family which refuses to

would not see it suffer from want, keep its own is not meeting its duties.

nor from disease that can be helped. When an aged parent has no family

It is entitled to every care, to every or when the family is itself without act of kindness, to every loving means, then society must, as a matter caress which a grateful community of merest humanity, come to the Katheryn Yergensen, Mgr.

is rescue. clear. perfectly Thisand give. a devoted family can Superintendents!

it is far a this But cry from wise I have every with sympathy age.

principle to that saying every perBoard Members! ) difficulties theI know which has age fixed a shall reaching son thereage

in fitting into modern, economic life. after be kept by the state in idleness. Teachers!

I have had many mature, outstandSociety owes to no man a life of WE ARE AT YOUR SERVICE c ing men come to me in New York idleness, no matter what his age. I

seeking work. Some had been dishave never seen one line in Holy

charged from jobs they had worked Writ that calls for, or even sanctions up to during a long life of service. this. In the past no free society Yergensen

The depression had replaced them has been able to support great i with young men who had more engroups in idleness and live free. i Teachers Agency

i 939 So. 12th East Street

Salt Lake City, Utah (5"c> ic Phone Hyland 7920 383

LET'S SAY IT CORRECTLY SPECIFICATIONS

BY everpopularused request,in "Let'swe Sayare repeatingit Correctly";one ofquorum,the firsta wordsword Apostleduring Francisa dry season,M. Lyman,is saidvisitingto haveat adviseda stake conferencethe people

which we use constantly in our Church work and which is that their prayers would be of great help in bringing about constantly mispronounced. It is pronounced as if spelled the much needed rain. In the closing prayer Brother Spencer

kwovum, with the o as in old. And did you see the w? asked for this blessing

One word constantly abused is the word through which is "O, Lord, don't send us a gullywasher, but one of those a preposition and should be used with an object, as: He went good ole'drizzledrazzles. Amen."

through the door. It is not in good usage as meaning finished:—From Moccasin, Arizona.

The sentence should read: I have finished my work, or the

book, or the lesson, instead of: I am through with my work, etc. "NATHING LOWER"

CORRECT SPELLING OF TREE NAMES convert to the Church, anxious to learn of the organizafield. tion, in the California questioning a missionary was A proof of markings misunderstanding and copy a Through or a teacher?"he asked. first, a deacon comes "Which

trees scientific the of errors in the names occurred somes is replied there the than nothing deacon,"lower "Ah, a to issue wish and described 283 of the we on page May give missionary.

here: correct the terminology E. F. Bunch, Thatcher, Arizona. 2 Pseudoacacia; Caption 3—Populus; Caption 4—From Caption

Picea Pungens Glauca; Caption 6 Fraxinus Lanceolata; Caption 9 Picea Pungens. GREAT AWAKENING

April 11, 1938. Some years ago there was a brother in one of our wards who

Dear Brother: attended Sacrament meeting regularly, but he worked very

it difficult to hard, during the stay meetings. found and awake of letter volume 6, a bound April accompanied of by Your particular small of a group decided one boys Sunday On to duly the 1937, for year came Improvement Era The

mischief. of plan along meeting a coming on was The thanks. hand. Many, many

first just the nicely, sat the speaker and had most down, when interest, art, is of certainly and of piece a a work This copy that asleep, of the daring brother boys, the observing good was I reference. as of a valuable will extremely book become

reached him, called saying: bishop over "nudged"and "The to it file expect reach library within and shall in easy my

this the to the dismiss promptly on you man At its of it refresh to to mind time time look over from my arose offered the astonishment the the of and benediction—tomeeting."contents. wonderful

entire congregation. will to give well, continue your hope and I wish you you

usual reliable and essential service.

Sincerely your brother, PATIENCE PLUS (Signed) Rudger Clawson, of the stake presidency Jacobs to the speaking was

President o{ the Council of the Twelve. ZM.children. giving After talk them a good on patience

-$- he spoke the couplet—"If you have a tough knot, patience

April 11, 1938. will untie it"He then asked a row of small boys on the

Dear Brother: front bench: "Boys, when you have a tough knot in your

Please let me acknowledge with grateful appreciation a shoe lace, what is it you need to untie it?"One small boy

bound copy of the 1937 volume of The Improvement Era. jumped to his feet and said: "Please, sir, a fork."

I shall use it for reference that will be stimulating, informative,—From Clarence Olsen, Beazer, Alberta, Canada.

and instructive.

the of is hamlets, the blaze in remote read by The Era it AND HOW! all electric fire but to lamp, the of the in pine glow and

spirituality. of helpfulness the breathes good spirit and same driver?"a responsible *'Ts Jones

I success, continued remain Wishing you * "Absolutely. responsible He's to his wife in the back brother, Sincerely your for seat turn every Selected. he makes."

Callis. Chas. (Signed) A.

April 9, 1938. THAT EXPLAINS IT

congratulate you and all associated with the Era in the RTose: "How fas'can you all go in dat new car?"

I splendid progress that is being made in that important ** Rastus: "Ah could make two miles a minute 'ceptin'

magazine. foh one thing."

With all good wishes, I am Mose: "What's dat, boy?"

Sincerely your brother, Rastus: "Only jes'cause de distance is too long foh de

(Signed) Sylvester Q. Cannon. shortness of de time."- Exhaust.

FROM MESA, ARIZONA March 27, 1938. INSTALLMENT A LA UTOPIA

Brethren: Dear "And how would you like to arrange the deferred Salesman: is in inestiour of value home Era The Improvement payments?"The

possibility as therefore there of as long is a and mable Customer: "Permanently."

it. price, to the continue take our having HeavOur we will

enly Father has entrusted six sons in our care. As you may

know such a blessed responsibility requires unlimited strength, HIS FATAL ERROR that find courage, the knowledge, and wisdom. Era We that get 4* T Tow'd you smudge face?"on your

it this the to brings for meets admirably us message need J. 1 "Well, honey, the car broke fix it."to and I had down the of beloved our of the Gospel most honored from pen and "Since grease do when you your car red grease?"It president, to rich the rare brings Grant. us and Heber J. with—Selected. of great leaders, experiences the of our marvelous and many

it results of travels; studies, their extensive research and brings MODERN EVE true testimonies of the us their Father; and living our God

it the brings us girl in a gentle noble and message of the Gospel through the lives of *t Canvoice.you drive with one hand?"asked the women. men

Sincerely, "You bet I can,"he answered eagerly.

(Signed) Mrs. J. S. Jarvis. "Then have an apple,"she said sweetly. Selected.

Left: Lennox Murdock, KSL's capable director of all production operations, scans the

chart on which 556 quarter hours are schedSs uled every week. Right: Irma Felt Bitner, '-*. fromKSL's topdirectorto bottom:of publicThomasrelations.H. Axelsen,Below, gna director of publicity and continuity editor;

Annabelle Lee, traffic manager, who schedules all CBS programs; Bryon A. Ray, continuity editor; Earl J. Glade, Jr., continuity

editor and news editor; Ralph W. Hardy,

continuity editor.

KSL WATCHES

PRODUCTION When you turn the dial on your radio to KSL's familiar I 130 kilocycles, you tune in on a program that is the product of KSL's production department. Whether it's

network, a station program of drama or music, an informal announcement period, the KSL news or a commercially sponsored program, the production department originates and O.K.'s it before it

reaches the air.

Lennox Murdock, KSL's director of operations, keeps a vigilant eye on every one of the station's 556 quarter hours each week. He ties

together the various types of programs, sifts them, fits them into the national program releases of the Columbia Broadcasting System, and the result is KSL's smoothrunning 19 hours of broadcasting each day.

Through his office are handled the announcing staff and all other production agencies.

Production is the department behind the scenes of radio.. the

men and women whose names rarely reach the air.. yet who are

a vital part in the machinery that brings you your radio enjoyment over the "Voice of the West."

Columbia's 50,000 Watt Affiliate in Salt Lake CityKSL

Wyoming "Wonders"Point Lessons on Life—andInsurance

Up in famed Yellowstone National Park, what! And Beneficial Insurance, like "Old

pride of Wyoming, roars the Yellowstone Faithful"... never failing, always dependRiver... now dashing madly over the able!

majestic Yellowstone Falls... in its never

ending race to the more serene lowlands, Why not call your nearest Beneficial and finally to the sea. agent and let him explain how policy holdIn another region of the park Old Faithful ers are safeguarded by surplus and contingeyser, curious freak of nature, spurts a gent reserves amounting to a million and a

boiling stream of water 120 feet into the air, half dollars; how Beneficial premiums are

with clocklike regularity. It has done so among the lowest; how dividends are unsince the early explorers first discovered it. usually high and how every policy holder

How like life and Beneficial Life Insurance! participates in all the net earnings of the

Life racing madly along to we know not company.

HiiiAiei Home Office—Beneficial Life Building. Salt Lake City. Utah

heber j. grant, president

WYOMING AGENTS H. M. ROLLINGS, General Agent H. C. CARLETON, Lovell

A. DIXON BURTON, Afton GUY C. HILL, Kemmerer