>mm

February 1969 "Oneman Sub"The See "Beginnings of an Artist, page 33. n

cLettBYU to come you (through Home Study)

Prepare for great things in your ure through a stimulating BYU Home

Study course. Don't let busy daytime

hours deprive you of preparing for opportunities ahead!

A BYU Home Study Course can be completed in your leisure hours, henever they may occur, and yet you have the advantage of a close, personal studentinstructor relationship to guide you.

Earn valuable high school and university credit from a selection of over 293 stimulating courses.

Choose from such areas as:

Accounting Dramatic Arts Mathematics

Art Economics Philosophy Child Development & English Political Science

Family Relationships Geology Religion

Communications Health Sociology

Computer Science History Zoology & (Latest course) Language Entomology

Nationally recognized scholars such as Gary Carlson, Dale H. West, Ariel Ballil, Blaine R. Porter,

Vasco Tanner, Harold I. Hansen, Roy W. Doxey and Chauncey Riddle personally instruct the Home Study

courses by correspondence and otter stimulating instruction in almost any field you may choose.

BYU DEPARTMENT OF HOME STUDY

Brigham Young University Provo, Utah 84601 S m

The Voice of the Church February 1969 Volume 72, Number 2

On the Special Features Cover: "Oneman sub"is a remark- 2 Editor's Page: To That Ideal Perfection, President David 0. McKay

able piece of sculpture by Dennis Smith. 8 Two Latterday Saints in U.S. Cabinet Posts

Latterday Saint sculptor, and repreDavid M. Kennedy, Dr. Edwin 0. Haroldsen

sents among other things the fantasies George W. Romney, Dr. 0. Preston Robinson

of youth and the joys of imagination 18 Martin Harris, the Honorable New York Farmer, Dr. Richard Lloyd

that make life rich and beautiful at any Anderson age. Merely looking at the boy in the 27 A Special Kind of Singing, Don B. Castleton

submarine pries loose fond memories 32 The Real Truth of one's past. 51 How to Find God, Randolph L Bills

Well has Joseph Conrad written: 60 Baptism in the Cua Viet, Rulon Van Orden Rees

"The artist appeals to that part of our 62 Off the Hook, Genevieve Van Wagenen being which is not dependent on wis64 A New Look at the Pearl of Great Price: Part 7, The Unknown Abraham

dom; to that in us which is a gift and (continued), Dr. Hugh Nfbley

not an acquisition—and, therefore,

more permanently enduring. He speaks Regular Features

to our capacity for delight and wonder, 4 Melchizedek Priesthood Page: How to Communicate Effectively,

to the sense of mystery surrounding Elder Thomas S. Monson

our lives: to our sense of pity, and 22 Teaching: Bridging the TeacherStudent Gap, Gerald E. Jones

beauty, and pain."

52 Genealogy: The New GIANT System in Genealogy (Part 2)

Such capacities need nurture in all persons. The sculptor of our cover 54 Zobell,Lest WeJr. Forget: Writing Paper for the Book of Mormon, Albert L.

piece notes: "I feel that in the near

56 The LDS Scene future there are going to be great demands, upon the Mormon artist, upon 59 Buffs and Rebuffs the Mormon writer, dramatist, musician, 68 Today's Family: Staying Solvent, Florence B. Pinnock

thinker."(See Era of Youth.) 71 The Presiding Bishop's Page: The Presiding Bishop Talks to Youth

About Fasting, Bishop John H. Vandenberg

74 The Church Moves On 76 These Times: Lion House Memories, Dr. G. Homer Durham

80 End of an Era t 58,63, 70, 74, 77 The Spoken Word, Richard L. Evans

Era of Youth 3350 Marion D. Hanks and Elaine Cannon, Editors

Fiction, Poetry 12 The Report Card, Helen Hinckley Jones 7, 16, 24, 70, 78 Poetry

DavidEleanorEra of 0.YouthKnowles.McKayAssociateandWilliamRichardEditor:T. Sykes.L.RalphEvans.EditorialReynolds,Editors;Associates;ArtDoyleDirector;L. Green.FlorenceNormanManagingB. F.Pinnock,Price,Editor;StaffToday'sAlbertArtist.FamilyL Zobell.Editor;Jr., MarionResearchD. Hanks.Editor; MabelEra of JonesYouth GabbottEditor ElaineJay MCannon'Todd

G.G.ManagerCarlosHomerSmith,andDurham,SubscriptionJr., GeneralFranklinDirector;Manager;S. Harris,ThayerFlorenceJr., HughEvans,S. Jacobsen.Nibley,S. GlennSidneyAssociateSmith.B. Sperry,AdvertisingGeneral AlbertManager;Representatives.L. Payne,Verl F.ContributingScott, BusinessEditors.Manager; A Glen Snarr Acting Business

Superintendent, Young Mutual Association of Improvement of Latterday The Saints. General and the by

Improvement Associations Men'sof of Christ The Jesus of Latterday reserved.Christ Subscription a 1969,53 Mutualmultiple subscriptions. years. Churchyears. 2 15.75; each year, $8.25: succeeding a the 3 three Allyearf price;price. to Saints.$2,50Church rightsJesusadded year 00single 35* year,publishedcopy, inexceptadvance'for

special issues.

Entered at Office. Salt the Utah, for Lake class matter. as Acceptance second special mailing at of rate for in section provided postage 1103 Post1917, October July City,2, 1918,

authorizedis ofImprovement not responsible lor contributions. but manuscripts welcomes Manuscripts for paid are acceptance on and must be

for delivery postage unsolicitedand actTheaccompaniedThirty noticeby days'for required of address. slip include please ordering change, address return.When a issue recent of the from magazine. Address

be cannot well is as changes old thechange unless address sufficientEraismade included. the as aone new

otherOfficialagenciesorgan ofof theThe PriesthoodChurch of Quorums,Jesus ChristMutualof LatterdayImprovementSaints,Associations. Home Teaching Committee. Music Committee, Church School System, and

The Improvement Era, 79 South State, Salt Lake City, Utah 84111

February 1969 Freedom—individual freedom—is a result of obedience to truth. Nearly two thousand years ago Pilate

asked, "What is truth?"(John 18:38.) This question

is still unanswered, but we have an idea of what truth is.

Those who study it say, "Truth is conformity to fact.

j It means fidelity, constancy, faithfulness. In an

abstract way, it's actual being."We sing the question,

"Oh say, what is truth?"and answer, "'Tis the fairest

gem that the riches of worlds can produce."(Hymns,

Truth is the substance of all things. It is recorded in

the Doctrine and Covenants, "And truth is knowledge of things as they are, and as they were, and as they

The Editor's Page

By President David O. McKay

r 1

Inat i Ij deal

Improvement Era

are to come."(D&C 93:24.) It is very significant our subject is spiritual or pertains more to things of

that Jesus said to those who believed in him: "If ye this world, the knowledge we receive only prepares

continue in my word, then are ye my disciples indeed; us for receiving more in that chosen field of endeavor.

"And ye shall know the truth, and the truth shall The fountain of knowledge is inexhaustible by mortal make you free."(John 8:3132.) standards.

That is freedom—individual freedom. Oh, my beloved brothers and sisters and friends,

The conscience is not always a safe guide to truth. there is a philosophy of right living; it is the philosophy

However, those who continue to follow Christ, those that develops the spirit and leads us to the possibility who have accepted him and have taken upon themof what mortals can achieve—that ideal perfection of

selves his name, those who have been baptized and our beloved Savior. I know it.

have come forth in a newness of life will not only Young men and women who seek a shortcut to haphave the guidance of the Spirit of Christ, but also, piness and pleasure in this life will have to pay the after the accompanying confirmation, the special bill, and they will become bonded; they will become

guidance and inspiration of the Holy Ghost, a member slaves to sin, and the happiness they sought will prove of the Godhead. to be ashes in their souls.

Spirituality is the consciousness of victory over self What a wonderful lesson the Savior gave in the and of communion with the Infinite. Spirituality imparable of the Prodigal Son. There he was with a good

pels one to conquer difficulties and acquire more and name, good home environment, opportunities for real more strength. To feel one's faculties unfolding and'joy and pleasure in life, and a good occupation. But

truth expanding the soul is one of life's sublimest he realized that he and his brother were eventually to experiences. share their father's wealth, and he determined to seek

Being "honest, true, chaste, benevolent, virtuous, his own idea of happiness. Freedom was to be his.

and... doing good to all men"—these are attributes He was not going to be bound by his father anymore.

that contribute to spirituality, the highest acquisition I recall, too, a young lady who once wrote to me:

of the soul. It is the divine in man, the supreme, "I am 16. My father doesn't understand me; my stepcrowning gift, that makes him king of all created mother will not let me go out; and I want to go out."

things. She was irritated by a home constraint. To her father

Divine is that admonition and promise given through she was just a child, and he did not understand that the Prophet Joseph Smith: she was blossoming into womanhood and desiring to

"... let virtue garnish thy thoughts unceasingly; try her wings.

then shall thy confidence wax strong in the presence I believe that the Prodigal Son felt the same way, of God; and the doctrine of the priesthood shall distil for we do know that he said to his father, "Father,

upon thy soul as the dews from heaven. give me the portion of goods that falleth to me."( Luke

"The Holy Ghost shall be thy constant companion, 15:12.) He received the portion and he spent it just

and thy scepter an unchanging scepter of righteousas millions spend it today—in seeking pleasure instead

ness and truth; and thy dominion shall be an everof truth. He had many wouldbe friends as long as his

lasting dominion, and without compulsory means it money lasted. He thought he would find pleasure in

shall flow unto thee forever and ever."(D&C 121:45drinking. Then he took to riotous living. He thought

46.) he had his freedom, but he was becoming a slave.

That is the sure promise for those who are baptized He was becoming bound in bondage, and he found and confirmed by those having the authority from on that he had not obtained happiness at all.

high, and who then so live that the Holy Ghost can If you would be free, follow the paths of truthbe and is their constant companion. paths that lead to everlasting joy.

Those who continue to follow that guidance will It takes courage to follow truth in the sense in which know the truth, and the truth will make them free- I have used it here. Be true to yourself, true to what

not by pretense nor by pretending to follow it, but you think is right, true to what you know is right.

by sincerity. I pray that we may all possess that kind of courage

It is an eternal truth that as we study, whether in facing our tasks in life. O

February 1969 How toCom

Principles of

or hearing something. When the Savior gave Church Leadership:

the commission, "Go ye Never before in history therefore and teach all Second have so many people nations"(Matt. 28:19), known so much about

the overwhelming re- n a special series by the what is going on in the sponsibility of commuworld. Communication

nicating effectively beGeneral Authorities in its vital sense means came a reality. Since the communion, a sharing

restoration of the gospel of ideas and feelings.

in this dispensation, The word comes frommany millions of dollars, y the Latin communico—

countless hours of time, "to share,"and comand persistent efforts munication is "the act of have accompanied the opportunity to declare the sharing or imparting a share of anything."

message of glad tidings. One has defined communicating as "the art of inIn order to communicate effectively, we have, as a forming and persuading others."The ability to comChurch, developed the resources of the Deseret News, municate is not something we are bom with. We have

The Improvement Era, and other Church magazines, to learn it and earn it, often the hard way.

radio, television, and shortwave facilities. We have a communication problem as we wage war

The awesome responsibility to reach and motivate against the powers of the adversary and strive to each person becomes more apparent when we think help members of the Church to live by gospel in terms of the individual. Let us consider the conseprinciples.

quences when we fail in our purpose. The following I suppose we can take some comfort from the fact

clipping comes from the Deseret News: that the Master had his problems with communication,

great even though of he possessed understanding (AP) Vegas.. Las GETS 'LIFE'. YOUTH people. occasion a Jesus speaking from was On one old youth sentenced was—A sixteenyear-

ship to a great multitude gathered on the shore. In to three consecutive life sentences Monday

after he pleaded guilty to murder charges in the course of his remarks, he related the parable of the deaths of three bank employees. the sower. When he finished, the disciples asked him:

The youth was charged in the shooting "Why speakest thou unto them in parables?"He an-

: "Because it is given unto you deaths of the bank manager and two bank swered and said to them

tellers. The three were slain during a to know the mysteries of the kingdom of heaven, but

$35,000 robbery at a bank in Las Vegas to them it is not given."(Matt. 13:1011.)

And then he said that the ears of these particular

The youth who was charged was baptized and people were dull of hearing and their eyes were confirmed a member of the Church when eight years closed. "But blessed are your eyes,"the Savior told his

of age. He attended Sunday School and Primary and disciples, "for they see: and your ears, for they

held the Aaronic Priesthood. Upon reading of the hear."(Matt. 13:16.) He then continued his sermon,

murders, his bishop declared sadly, "Where did we telling several other parables.

fail to communicate with him?"Perhaps the disciples were too embarrassed to interCommunication does not mean simply telling rupt again, because Jesus told them it was given to

Improvement Era

By Elder Thomas S.

Monson Of the Council of the Twelvemunicate Effectively

them to understand the mysteries of heaven. But in proportion to his faith and intelligence. To the

when the multitude had gone, "his disciples came unlearned, the parable had story interest and some unto him, saying, Declare unto us the parable...."teaching value. To the spiritual, it conveyed much

(Matt. 13:36.) more, including the mysteries or secrets of the kingdom

If the Master found it necessary to repeat and of heaven. Thus the parable is suited to simple and

explain in order to get effective communication, I suplearned alike. It teaches all people to find divine truth

pose we should not feel discouraged when we fail in common things.

to communicate effectively at the first recitation. Closely related to parEffective communication is essential to effective ables are the brief commotivation. The leader must first educate himself, parisons the Master

develop enthusiasm, and perfect himself in the skill often used to illustrate he desires to teach (communicate). He must then ideas, such as:

project his feeling on the subject until it is shared by "... It is better that

the follower. This is the process of most effective one man perish than that

motivation. a nation should dwindle

Effective communication always includes the three and perish in unbelief."

C's: clear, concise, confirm. (INe. 4:13.)

"... Follow me, and I 1. We must make our presentation clear. The first

rule of clarity is to have a welldefined goal or objecwill make you fishers of men."(Matt. 4:19.)

tive—to know what we wish to accomplish through "Let your light so shine before men, that they may

our communication. Unsee your good works, and glorify your Father which

less we can define this is in heaven."(Matt. 5:16.)

goal clearly to ourselves, "... by their fruits ye shall know them."(Matt.

it is not likely our audi- 7:20.)

ence will understand it Illustrative stories provide another excellent means and be motivated. of teaching to aid clarity. It is easy for people to

Another way in which project themselves into stories of living people and clarity can be improved their experiences. The Lord frequently used this

is by use of illustrations. technique. In the case of the widow's mite, he illusSince words have differtrated a lesson in true giving: "... this poor widow

ent meanings to various hath cast in more than they all: For these have of their

people, the additional abundance cast in unto the offering of God: but she

definition through supporting illustrations is usually of her penury hath cast in all the living that she had."

helpful. (Luke 21:3-4.)

One illustration is through words and motions, such Beal stories involving real people provide an excelas parables. Jesus made parables a part of nearly every lent vehicle to promote clarity.

teaching situation. So often did he use this teaching Another type of illustration involving words and modevice that evangelists record at one point that "withtions is the demonstration. This is particularly helpful

out a parable spake he not unto them."(Mark 4:34.) when attempting to teach skills that have some

Jesus said he used parables in teaching because mechanical aspects. Examples of situations in which

they conveyed to the hearer religious truth exactly demonstrations could profitably be used include effec

February 1969 Effective communication demands the

tive use of visual aids, athletic skills, or method what has been learned. Fragmentary listening, misof conducting a typical meeting of a ward priesthood interpretation of ideas, or mistaken meanings of words

executive committee. may cause misunderstandings. It is important, thereThe old adage that "a picture is worth a thousand fore, to have a method of checkup, feedback, and corwords"can be supported by many examples: for rection of mistaken impressions whenever possible. One

instance, praying hands or mother and child. labor negotiator found a

Objects provide another means of clarifying a mesvery effective way to cool sage. These might be objects from surroundings or down heated arguments

from wearing apparel, or objects prepared by the and improve communispeaker for the occasion. cation in labor and man-

2. We must make our presentation concise. To be agement disputes. The

concise means to express much in few words. The referee made a rule that

amount of time spent in communicating an idea may the representative of vary, depending on the complexity of the subject labor could not present matter and the previous knowledge of members of his viewpoint until he the audience. But communication is improved when could explain the maneach word, each sentence, each paragraph is meaningagement's viewpoint to

ful and pertinent to the objective. the satisfaction of the management representative,

Guidelines for making a concise presentation and vice versa.

include: Well might we follow the example of King Benja-

a. Study and research until you know you have min and his people:

information that is worthy of presentation. "And now, it came to pass that when king Benja-

b. Write your thoughts on paper as they come, min had thus spoken to his people, he sent among

without concern for style or polish. them, desiring to know of his people if they believed

c. Arrange ideas in logical order. Some prefer a the words which he had spoken unto them.

formula for organizing material into logical sequence, "And they all cried with one voice, saying: Yea,

such as PREP—Point, Reason, Example, Point. The we believe all the words which thou hast spoken unto

name of a wellknown opera has also been used as a us; and also, we know of their surety and truth, beletter key to a motivation formula. AIDA in this incause of the Spirit of the Lord Omnipotent, which has

stance stands for: gain Attention, sustain Interest, wrought a mighty change in us, or in our hearts, that

incite Desire, get Action. we have no more disposition to do evil, but to do good

d. Eliminate irrelevant ideas, illustrations, and continually."(Mosiah 5:1-2.)

humor that reach too far for an application. Because Through his prophets the Lord has given counsel

of the difficulty of getting full attention, there is a in the importance of communication skills. He has

temptation with some to include interesting material also emphasized the need of spirituality as a part of even though it is not entirely relevant. effective communication.

e. When the organizing stage has been completed, Be open and honest; we are dealing with precious

reduce every sentence to the fewest necessary words. souls, and pseudosophistication and manipulation have

f. Last, learn the material well enough to present no place in the kingdom. Paul urged members to comit as it has been prepared. municate by "speaking the truth in love."(Eph. 4:15.)

3. We must confirm what we have taught to see We should convey our love and concern, since

Improvement Era

use of three "C's": clarity, conciseness, confirmation

feelings can often "get through"even when words When we let the Lord be our guide in developing fail. "And the Spirit shall be given unto you by the communication skills, he can help us to be humble,

prayer of faith; and if ye receive not the Spirit ye to present ourselves to the right people at the proper

shall not teach."(D&C 42:14.) time and in an atmosphere where we will be trusted

When Moses was called to lead the children of and worthy of a listening ear. When communication

Israel out of bondage, he recognized his weakness as skills are accompanied by spirituality, the Lord can a speaker or communicator. Nevertheless, he had the work through his servants to accomplish his purposes.

Spirit of the Lord with him. The Lord, after some reHundreds of thousands of newly baptized members

assuring, gave him Aaron as a mouthpiece. He didn't of the Church and the many missionaries who taught

give Aaron the responsibility of leading; he assigned them the gospel provide a living testimony of effective

that duty to Moses, who had the other leadership skills communication.

that were necessary to perform the task. (Exod. 4:10.) One spring day, a humble youth, motivated by a

Paul counsels that we should seek spiritual gifts so sincere desire to know the truth, sought an audience that we might speak unto men "to edification, and exwith his Heavenly Father. The glorious vision that

hortation, and comfort."He then counsels that followed, the words from the Father—"This is Mv

clarity is even more important than the gift of tongues. Beloved Son; Hear Him!"—the message from the

"For if the trumpet give an uncertain sound, who shall Master and the response of faithful service and suprepare himself to the battle?"(Who shall be motipreme sacrifice by that youth, even Joseph Smith,

vated?) "So likewise ye, except ye utter by the tongue were communication at its finest.

words easy to be understood, how shall it be known As we ourselves prepare to communicate effecwhat is spoken? For ye shall speak into the air."( See tively, may this beautiful example govern our thinking

1 Cor. 14:3-9.) and prompt our actions. O

Exodus from Nauvoo By Ruby Waters Erdelen

Devoted Saints were forced from home and land

By murdermaddened mobs, but placed their trust

In a worthy leader. Exodus was planned

While terror flamed, crops burned; nightwind's dust

And smoke could not blot out nor threat degrade

Newfound faith. Swift were the streams they crossed

To untamed prairie. Often an Indian raid

Meant a bloodstained path; dear ones lost

In privation, yet they journeyed on.

Rough tvagon trek through wood and canyon ended

Beyond the snotvrimmed mountains; they faced each dawn

To plow and plant hard soil till now untended.

Though plows were blunted or broken, when evening fell,

In nightly worship they chorused: "All is well."

February 1969 Two Latter day Saints in U.S.

Cabinet Posts

President Richard M. Nixon has named two

prominent Latterday Saints to the 12man United

States Cabinet: David M. Kennedy, former first

counselor in the Chicago Stake presidency, as

Secretary of the Treasury, and George Romney, former president of the Detroit Stake, as SecreBy Dr. Edwin O. Haroldsen

tary of Housing and Urban Development.

Both men will grapple with some of the most Edwin 0. Haroldsen, a newsman of wide experience and

formerly an agricultural information adviser in Turkey, pressing problems of our time: The Secretary of is a Chicago editor of a national news magazine and

Treasury must help set the pace for the resolution first counselor in the Chicago Heights Ward bishopric.

of the world's monetary crisis, and the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development must help solve the problems of cities, associated with perhaps the most explosive domestic U.S. problem

today.

In terms of U.S. Government protocol, Secretary of the Treasury is the second ranking cabinet

post, behind only Secretary of State; and Secretary of Housing and Urban Development ranks

eleventh, ahead of the latest created post, Secretary of Transportation.

Interestingly, there has been a Latterday Saint in the U.S. Cabinet continuously since 1952, when

President Dwight D. Eisenhower named Elder

Ezra Taft Benson as Secretary of Agriculture.

Elder Benson served during both Eisenhower administrations. In 1960, President John F. Kennedy named Stewart L. Udall as Secretary of the

Interior, and Secretary Udall continued to serve during the Lyndon B. Johnson administration.

By Dr. O. Preston Robinson

0. Preston Robinson, general manager of the Deseret

News Press and a member of the Sunday School General Board, has been president of the British Mission, editor of Deseret News, and a marketing professor at both the University of Utah and New York University.

8 Improvement Era It's a long way in status from working as a ranch world trade with the Midwest. He pushed for retail

hand in Utah to serving in the President's Cabinet in trade and emphasized Continental's "family banking

Washington. center,"a single location where each officer is able to

But David Matthew Kennedy, President Richard M. handle any customer service. The trade press called

Nixon's choice as Secretary of the Treasury, comes to this device of a "big bank with a little bank inside"one that high government post unchanged in the simple of the most important banking innovations in the last faith he has maintained since childhood. half century.

Born of goodly parents 63 years ago in the small By 1968, Brother Kennedy had begun to think of town of Randolph, in northeastern Utah, David Kentaking it easy. However, faced with the decision to

nedy has always placed first in his life his family and accept the Cabinet post, he called a family council, as the Church. But these have not kept him from he had done on other occasions when a decision

succeeding magnificently in the business world. affecting the family had to be made."

He enters the Cabinet after a brilliant banking "We all prayed about this,"relates one family career climaxed by ten years as board chairman and member. "He is a very deep believer in prayer. He

chief executive officer of Continental National Bank feels his life was spared through the administration and Trust Co., largest bank in Chicago and eighth of the priesthood about eight or nine years ago, when

largest in the U.S. he was out of work almost a year with pneumonia."

In the early 1950's, reports Fortune magazine, Accepting the position meant not only increased

Continental Bank had been "almost a caricature of pressure and another move, but a tremendous financial

LaSalle Street conservatism. It had shown no enloss as well. He will take a $198,750-a-year cut to

thusiasm at all for lending abroad, and very little for become Secretary of the Treasurer—from $233,750 in

lending in the U.S.—even in Chicago."salary and profitsharing benefits as head of the bank

But under David M. Kennedy's aggressive, imaginato $35,000 as a Cabinet officer.

tive leadership, the bank has grown in resources from David grew up on his father's "Quarter Circle T"$3.1 billion to more than $6.5 billion. He expanded ranch near Randolph, a spread of 1,000 acres with

Continental's international banking department in an15,000 acres of range. He fell off a horse and broke

ticipation of a great upsurge that has occurred in a leg at six, and went on his first roundup at ten.

George W. Romney's appointment by President in many U.S. states already exist in the touchy area of

Richard M. Nixon as Secretary of Housing and Urban open housing. The Secretary of Housing and Urban

Development brings welldeserved recognition to an Development faces the delicate task of coordinating outstanding man who has proved his capability through and enforcing these laws within the framework of remarkable personal achievement. This important fundamental human rights, balanced with the basicappointment also brings honor to the Church, which principles of individual freedom.

George Romney has served so devotedly and well. Although these are big problems, they are the type

The responsibilities and challenges of the Departof challenges that George Romney characteristically ment of Housing and Urban Development that the accepts with enthusiasm and confidence. This unnew Secretary faces are complex, broad, and extremely usual man is eminently qualified by temperament,

explosive. Some of the urgent major challenges in this interest, and background to meet and handle such

crucial area are: demanding assignments. He is a man of decision, pur-

1. The massive problems now facing U.S. cities. pose, and action. He is a man who, once having set

These include urban riots and tension, congestion, law-, his course, will not accept defeat.

lessness, pollution, decay, and poverty, all of which Brother Romney's accomplishments constitute a are among the most critical problems facing America story of one success after another. In business, after

today. Their solutions are as important to the welfare initial employment with the Aluminum Company of

of America as are the solutions of the nation's military America in Los Angeles and in Washington, he joined problems. the Automobile Manufacturers'Association in 1942 as

2. Lowcost housing. To provide lowcost housing its general manager in Detroit. After success in this

that will be within the reach of the underprivileged position, he became assistant to the president of Nashand still challenge individual enterprise is one of the Kelvinator Corporation in 1948. He was appointed the

toughest problems the Department of Housing and company's vicepresident in 1950 and president in

Urban Development faces. 1954. Nash Kelvinator merged with Hudson Motor

3. Open housing. Federal legislation and statutes Car Company on May 1, 1954, to form American

February 1969.

Kennedy (Continued) His mother, "Katie"Johnson Kennedy, developed lunch. When the stone company went broke, he got

arthritis when David was a boy. When he was only a job as a clerk at the Federal Reserve Board. He reten, he went with his mother to Ogden to live for a mained there for 16 years, and this experience started

time so she could be near a doctor. At this early him in his banking career. He became an economist,

age he took care of his mother, went to school, and then assistant chief in the government securities secworked nights as a hotel bellhop, regularly depositing tion, and finally, special assistant to Federal Reserve the hotel receipts in a bank. Board Chairman Marriner S. Eccles.

Later, while living in Riverdale, near Ogden, he met He received a law degree from George Washington

Lenora Bingham, the bishop's daughter. She was a University in 1937 and was graduated from Stonier

Sunday School teacher, and David, the Sunday School Graduate School of Banking, Rutgers University, in secretary. When he was just past 20—on November 4, 1939.

1925—they were married in the Salt Lake Temple. David continued to be active in the Church in

Scarcely two months later, he left for a mission in Washington. He managed the branch basketball team,

England. He presided over the Liverpool district was a counselor in the Washington Branch presidency,

during most of his mission. became a bishop's counselor, and was for three years

In February 1928, David returned from England and bishop of the Capitol Ward.

rejoined his bride, who had worked in a dime store In 1946 he joined the bond department of Contiand lived with her parents in his absence. The same nental bank in Chicago, became second vice president

year he was graduated from Weber College. Then in 1948, vice president in 1951, was named director and

he decided he needed and wanted more education. So president in 1956, and became chairman of the board

the young couple, with their first daughter, then and chief executive officer in 1959.

nine months old, set out for Washington, D.C., in In Chicago he continued to be faithful in the Church.

September 1929. He served for 16 years as a counselor in the Chicago

David took shorthand and did typing for a WashStake presidency—from 1947 until the stake was diington stone company during the day, and went to vided in 1963. During the 14 months he was special

George Washington University law school at night. assistant to the Secretary of the Treasury in WashingIt was depression time. Often he went without ton, he regularly flew home to Chicago in time to

Romney (Continued) Motors Corporation. During the period that George was still with American Motors. Together with a

Romney served as president, he raised the firm out of group of other interested individuals, he motivated the an $85,000,000 debt and into one of the leading, sucformation of Citizens for Michigan, a nonpartisan cessful automotive companies of the country. His organization that sought and found answers to many

capable management led to worldwide recognition of Michigan's troubles.

and many honors, including his selection as industry's A measure of the confidence and respect held for "Man of the Year"for four consecutive years ( 195861 ) George Romney by the people of Michigan is eviIn public affairs, Brother Romney has enjoyed redenced in his everincreasing vote margins at succesmarkable achievements. From his success with Amersive elections. In 1962, his first election, he defeated

ican Motors, he took the oath of office on January 1, his opponent by 70,000 votes. In 1964, in the face of

1963, as governor of Michigan, and through three suc- a national Democratic sweep, he was reelected cessive terms, he brought that state into a period of governor by 360,000 votes. In 1966, he enjoyed a landgreat progress. Some of his accomplishments included slide victory of nearly 530,000 votes.

adoption of a new state constitution, lifting the state's By interest, George Romney is remarkably wellfinances from a chaotic condition to financial stability, qualified for his new appointment. In personal

and the establishment of education and mental health conversation he told this writer that if he had been programs that have advanced the state of Michigan offered his choice of all Cabinet posts, he would have into national leadership in these fields. He tackled selected the appointment as Secretary of Housing and

juvenile delinquency with new and improved methods, Urban Development. He considers the problems in

guaranteed equal rights for all citizens, and encouraged this area among the most urgent now faced by our the modernization of local governments throughout country. As an indication that this view is also held

the state. by President Nixon, the new President plans to set up

One of Brother Romney's outstanding contributions a national council to handle urban and housing probto government came as a result of his concern over lems. The President himself will head this council,

his state's financial and political problems while he which will consist of the secretaries of Housing and

10 Improvement Era attend meetings of the stake presidency. councils and commissions. He is a director of several

He has been chairman of the executive committee, large corporations, a trustee of the University of ChiBrigham Young University Development Council; a cago and George Washington University, a member of

director of Nauvoo Restoration, Inc.; and a director of the citizens'council of DePaul and the University of

the Church's shortwave radio station, WRUL. At the Illinois, and a trustee of the prestigious Brookings

time of his call to the Cabinet he was adviser to the Institution.

priests quorum of the North Shore Ward, Chicago David Kennedy is quiet and unobtrusive in mainStake. taining Church standards as he confronts the world.

Civically, he has worked closely with Chicago Mayor Around the bank, tonic water with a twist of lemon

Richard J. Daley on community projects, been chairhas become the "Continental"drink, thanks to him.

man of the mayor's Committee for Economic and A close associate notes, though, that he doesn't like to

Cultural Development, and been one of the mayor's make a show of his religion, or to be blatant about it.

key financial advisers. The mayor, at a dinner honorThough modest, he does not flinch in explaining the

ing David Kennedy, termed him "the greatest examprogram and principles of the Church to the people ple we have in the present era of Chicago of its tall of the world. David's bishop, Howard Harmer of the

men."North Shore Ward, pays this tribute: "One of the

In 1967, under President Lyndon B. Johnson's apthings Brother Kennedy told me and told my priests

pointment, he headed a special commission to suggest has always impressed me. He said that in his whole

reforms in the federal budget. The commission's life he'd never allowed his business to interfere with

recommendations were completely accepted and have the Sabbath. That made a big impression on the

been incorporated totally in the budget being subyoung people of our ward."

mitted to Congress early in 1969. He declared at a stake conference several years

In 1968 he became the first nonCatholic to receive ago: "I believe sincerely that service is the foundation

the St. Vincent de Paul award of DePaul University to a happy, abundant life. Service to others! The true

for "service to God through the needs of men."essence of service to God is service to our fellowmen."

He has directed many Chicago charity drives and It is a standard David M. Kennedy majestically

served on many professional, government, and civic epitomizes. \j

Urban Development, Health, Education, and Welfare, underprivileged areas. As a man who will not accept

and Transportation, together with other authorities defeat and who is motivated by basic humanitarian in housing and urban problems. This council will characteristics and solid religious traits comprising the

enjoy equal stature and importance with the National foundation of his character, George Romney will

Security Council. search endlessly for the right solutions.

From a personal point of view, Brother Romney has Brother Romney's concern for his fellowmen and done considerable deep, personal study of the houshis sensitive humanity have been evident throughing and urban problems of America and has traveled out his life. As a devoted member of the Church,

widely in a determined effort to become intimately he has never turned down a request requiring service acquainted with the basic problems. He has seen and selfsacrifice. From his mission in Great Britain

"the other face of America—the America of ugly streets, in the mid1920's to his recent service as president of

rotted buildings, congestion, illiteracy, and want, the the Detroit Stake, he has demonstrated his solid adAmerica of shattered expectations and rising fury."herence to the basic teachings of Jesus Christ. His

His personal acquaintance with these faces of the broad application of these principles brought him, in "other America,"which are so foreign to most sub1966, the coveted Charles Evans Hughes Award of the urban Americans, has given him insight into their National Conference of Christians and Jews and an shameful nature and a determination to find right and honorary fellowship in Israel's BarIlan University.

practical solutions. He knows that all Americans, His personal life and his devotion to his family and

regardless of their economic, social, or racial charto his lovely wife, Lenore, who has stood valiantly by acteristics, want and demand a feeling of human him throughout his entire career, are a challenging dignity, equal justice under law, and equal opporexample to others.

tunity. To achieve these goals, Secretary Romney will On this exceptional foundation of character, ability,

push for just laws equally applied and firmly enforced, and experience, George Romney will make an outcitizen involvement, practical job training programs, standing contribution to his country in this important and the application of the principles of selfhelp in new assignment in the Cabinet of President Nixon, o

February 1969 11 heReportM. CardBy Helen Hinckley Jones

Carl was tired when he left the classroom. Every and hugging her elbows with her hands. "Bubby,

muscle was cramped, every nerve taut from the conBubby."

centration required to take a threehour examination. Ron, Lou's husband, came striding across the dirt

As he wheeled his bicycle from the rack and started yard. Then he lifted Jeanne from the stoop and half

pedaling home, his spirits lifted. The rhythmical mopushed, half carried her into the house. "It won't

tion of his body, the cool air slicing against his face help anybody for you to catch cold,"he said. He

seemed to smooth out the weariness. He was caught turned to Carl:

up into an infrequent feeling that everything was "Lou is too upset to talk, Carl, but this is what working out right. Perhaps, he smiled wryly, this is happened. Lou took the girls into the house, but,

like the euphoria men feel when they are freezing Bubby wanted to play outside. He had on his snowsuit

to death near the top of an unscalable icebound mounand cap, so she thought he would be warm enough tain peak. for a few minutes. But when she went to bring him

Yet things did look good. One more year of books in—about 15 minutes later—he was—gone.

and cramming, of penny counting and Jeanne working "We've done everything we could, Carl. Lou notithe afternoon shift at General Hospital, of leaving the fied the police when Bubby didn't come at her call.

kids with any student wife who would take them. As They've ruled out kidnapping, because nobody is

he pumped along, he dreamed of a real house; of two ever in this area but students; still they've set up roadcars, or at least one good car instead of two clunkers; blocks all around town. They sent out a whole car

of a Ph.D., passport to prosperity. full of police officers and they've rung every doorbell

His dream ended abruptly as Jeanne came running in the neighborhood. No unused refrigerators or anytoward him, her face as white as her uniform. thing like that. Lou called me at school and I—"

He dragged a foot to stop the bike and jumped off Carl felt an unfamiliar weakening of the knees. He

as he reached her. He wanted to take her in his arms picked up the stuffed camel from the only easy chair

and soothe the fright from her face, but instead, with and sat with it between his hands. The camel seemed

concern making his voice sound gruff, he said, "Why such a stupid toy, with its proud head, halfclosed aren't you at the hospital?"eyes, wobbly legs. But Bubby had wanted nothing

"Carl, Carl!"Her face crumpled like a piece of but the camel after he had seen it at the shopping

wadded paper. "Bubby's gone!"center. Thinking of Bubby with the camel in his

"Gone where?"arms brought sudden tears to Carl's eyes. "I didn't

"We don't know,"said Jeanne through her sobs. think he would go anyplace without this,"he said.

Then he began to understand. Bubby was lost. Carl's voice was made gruffer by his attempt to conBrave, manly Bubby who had carried twice the load trol his tears. "Why didn't you call me, Jeanne?"

that should have been heaped on a fiveyear-old. "In the middle of an examination? I knew how im-

"I took the kids over to Lou's and almost before 1 portant that exam was to you."

had my coat off at the hospital, there was a call for "More important than Bubby? Oh, Jeanne!"He was

me. Lou said that Bubby had simply disappeared."astonished to see a momentary glint of bitterness in

Jeanne sat down on the damp, windswept stoop, her eyes.

hunching her shoulders forward, crossing her arms, Carl put the camel on the table. "I can't sit here.

I've got to do something."

SoRelief Jones, Hinckley Helen School and Sunday is a "You won't do any good running around without (California) in ciety Ward, the Pasadena worker

Pasadena City College teacher of writers and a sucsome plan,"Ron said. "The police told Jeanne to stay

cessful author; her Over the book Mormon Trail is here. The Scouts are out. And the mountain rescue libraries in U. school the S. and;Canada. in most

squad."Illustrated by Jerry Harston

"We're two miles from the mountains."like me to stay and put them to bed for you?"

"But Bubby was a very determined littleboy,""I'll do it."Carl went for the sleepers for the two

Jeanne said. little girls. Other nights Bubby brought the sleepers

Carl reached for the camel again. "I wouldn't know."and his own pajamas, then sat on the bench under the

That was right. He didn't really know anything about window and undressed himself, never asking for any

Bubby. How much had he seen his son? True, he help.

picked him up at Lou's, gave him his supper, and put Dr. Skelton from General came at nine. He'd heard

him to bed, but the little girls took so much more time of Bubby 's disappearance and was concerned about to care for. Bubby could feed himself, undress himJeanne. He saw her into bed with a sedative. A

self, look through his picture books, build blocks little before ten Ron came back.

quietly while his father wrestled with Linda and "I can't stand to just sit here,"Carl said. "Why

Katie and got them fed, changed, into their sleepers, doesn't somebody do something?"

and to bed. Now Carl remembered the quietness of "If you'd feel better doing something, Carl, I'll

the child, his little face as he tiptoed around so his listen for Jeanne and the girls."

daddy could study. Carl put on his coat. "I don't know where I'm

There was a knock, and Ron opened the door. "You going, but I've got to do something."

Mr. Seevers?"one of the two men standing on the "Don't get too far from the phone."Ron offered

stoop asked. his car keys, but Carl -waved them away. "I'll walk.

"No, I'm a neighbor. Come in. This is Mrs. Seevers You might need the car."

and—"Carl stood up and offered his hand, holding Without really deciding what he should do, he

the camel awkwardly under his other arm. walked toward the foothills. He could see a light at

"Would you like to make a TV appeal?"the top of Pine Street. He almost ran toward it. It

"No,"Carl said, gruffly. Then, "Would it help?"was a bonfire, and three Scouts were tending it.

"Just ask people to get up out of their easy chairs, "You're Brother Seevers, aren't you?"one of them

push away from the dinner table, and look around asked, looking up.

their premises for unused refrigerators, anything that "Yes."Carl could think of nothing more to say.

might help to locate your little boy.""We've got a row of bonfires going. If your little

It took only a few minutes to set up the equipment. boy is lost in the hills, the fires will give him direction."

"Don't put down the camel,"the photographer said.. Lost, Carl thought. And for the first time he put

"A deserted toy always has an appeal for folks who himself in Bubby's place. It wasn't his own concern

love children."that mattered. Not even Jeanne's. How was Bubby

"Maybe his mother had better talk."Jeanne silently feeling this dark night with no one to lead him home?

shook her head, wiping away a fresh burst of tears. A car drove up, and an officer got out. "Here's

"We have a picture of him. Just make an appeal. some more wood for the fire,"he told the boys before

Tell what he likes to eat, what he likes to do. Make he turned to Carl. "Everything possible is being done.

him sound—well, like a muchloved kid."You'd better go home to be with your wife. Here, I'm

"He is a loved kid."Carl took the mike. "Our going back to headquarters. I'll drop you off."

Bubby is just a little boy. He's five years old, but he's On the way back he chatted pleasantly about the

just a little helpless kid. If you have children in your skill of the mountain rescue squad, about the way

home tonight, you know how we are feeling about even young Scouts carry responsibility and can give

Bubby. Won't you—won't you help us find him?"aid when someone is missing.

"Now could we ask a few questions?"When Carl entered his quiet living room, Ron raised

Ron spoke. "Neither of the Seevers was home when his head. "Could you do anything?"

the child disappeared. Maybe you should speak to my "What could I do? All I'm good for is to remember

wife, who was looking after him."the plots of all the minor Victorian novels."

"Good idea,"the men agreed, and Ron said, "Right Ron was silent for a time before he said, "It could next door."have happened to anyone."

"I've got to go down to headquarters,"Carl told "Why did he go, Ron? Why?"

Jeanne when Ron and the men from the television "Maybe you know the answer to that one."

station had left. "I don't know any answers."Carl got up and pressed

"You couldn't do any good down there. The police his forehead against the cold glass of the unshaded

told me to stay here by the phone."window. "It's so dark out there, Ron. And Bubby is

At about eight Lou brought Linda and Katie home. so little.... I haven't had time to roughhouse with

"They've had their supper,"she explained. "Would you him as I did before we came back to the university.-

14 Improvement Era New Books from Deseret Book 1. The New Billy Casper $3.95

by Hack Miller Billy Casper shocked the golfing world when he announced to the press that "Golf is no longer the most important thing in my life."

It happened in 1966 just after he won his second U.S. Open title.

This book is the story behind that statement. Hack Miller, sports

writer and friend of Billy Casper, writes about the two Billy Caspers;

the one before and the one after his meeting and being baptized by Hack Miller.

Ha*

". -. -. life than &*"

mnortant things

One of many action photos in this unusual sports book.

3. Living, Loving and Marrying $4.50

Bookof-theMonth Thoughts for L.D.S.YoungTeensMarriedsand LIVING,

by Dr. Lindsay R. Curtis and

Save $1.00 on this important book. J. Anderson Dr. Wayne

life Problems of married created LOVING &. are

before as well as after the marriage. This book is the result of the combined efforts MARRYING

of a medical doctor and an educational Thmghiifm IDS Tarn nml Yimsi, MmkA presidents psychologist. They examine case

histories that show the importance of living in gospel standards courtship and well marriage. as book for teens A Church as WAYNELfNDSAYJ. A.VPEKSO.V,R. CURTIS. M.D.Ph.D couples. married

PRESTON NtBLEY

2. Presidents of the Church ORDER FROM

DESERET COMPANY BOOK by Preston Nibley Regularly $4.95

Temple, Salt Lake City, Utah 84110 East South 44

NOWFEBRUARY ONLYJUST $3.95 OR 777 South Main, Town & Country, Orange, Calif. 92668

Here is a book designed for those Please send me items circled: 12 3

who do not have time for extenTotal cost $ This must include 3'/a% sales

Salt sales ordering residents Lake, from tax Utah from or 5% sive reading, making but who are

Paid by California residents ordering Orange. from from their with the tax first aquaintance established account. order; or charge check; money

nine Presidents of The Church of

Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints. Name 44 East South Temple, and

Exact historical information in Address Cottonwood Mall, Salt Lake City concisely written biographies with 2472 Washington Blvd., Ogden

many quotes of the words spoken City 777 So. Main, Town & Country

by these great men. State Zip Orange, California

Feb. Era '69

February 1969 15 Ever since I've been in graduate school, I've been so Bubby didn't answer; he just snuggled against his

much more—but why am I talking?"father, but Carl saw the questioning look on his face.

For a time they were silent; then Carl said, "There's When Carl carried Bubby into the house, he ungot to be something I can do."dressed him as if he were Linda or Katie, and Bubby

"You could go down to headquarters, but—"made no protest. Then he put him in bed with his

"I know. I'd only be in the way."mother. Jeanne, sleepy with the sedative, turned and

Carl sat, tears dropping onto his closed fists. Ron put her arm close around her son. "Bubby, dear,"she

dozed, his head on his folded arms. They both jumped sighed.

as the phone rang. When Bubby was in bed, Carl turned to Ron. "I'm

"Mr. Seevers,"a man's hearty voice asked, "will you going to take that position up at the state college,"he

come down and see if the youngster we have here betold Ron.

longs to you?""One year from your Ph.D.? What about your

Jeanne had left the car keys on the bookcase. "Don't dream, Carl? Going to forget it?"

say anything until we're sure,"Carl said, fumbling "Dreams don't die by accident; they die from starvainto his coat. "Jeanne couldn't stand to get her hopes tion. I'm going to keep mine wellfed. There are

up and then—"summer sessions. I have a dissertation to do, and I can

A few minutes later Bubby was in Carl's arms. "We do much of that off campus. Sometime there'll be a

found him at the meetinghouse,"an officer explained. sabbatical leave."

"A group of young people were practicing for the The next morning when Jeanne came into the roadshow, so the doors were open. He went in and kitchen, Carl was already frying pancakes in the shape

found the Junior Sunday School chapel."of animals. It was some trick, turning a pancake with

Bubby looked up into his father's eyes and put a long slender legs.

cold hand on his father's cheek. "You cried, Daddy?""Don't you have a class, Carl? Yes, you do. It's

"I cried, Bubby."Thursday."

One of the officers brought Bubby a glass of milk. "Cutting this morning."

"The boy told us that the church is God's house, and "Cutting? If you start that, you'll get a letter from

he went there looking for Jesus."the dean saying you're failing in English 563."

"Why?"Carl asked. "Why didn't you stay with Aunt "I'll make it up, Jeanne. Last night I got a letter

Lou?"from God. He says I'm not doing so well. I'm failing

"Because Jesus loves me. That's what we sing in in something much more important."

Sunday School.""How come?"Bubby wanted to know.

"We love you too, Bubby. Not more than Jesus Carl carefully slipped the turner under the pancake

does, but as much as mommies and daddies can."camel. O

Beyond Empathy

By G. L. Parnell

Like opinions on beauty, our sufferings depend

Much more on the state of our spirits to lend

Them credence than on any outstanding cause

That is easily seen by a neighbor or a friend.

Yet how often, ivhen giving advice, do we find

Ourselves telling the tortured it's all in his mind,

While smugly discounting the trouble that gnaws

At his raiv, bleeding soul?—And we think we've been kind.

Despair has oppressed me, and though I now see

How trivial my pains often turned out to be,

God has chosen to see each as I thought it ivas

And has condescended his comfort to me.

16 Improvement Era fere's no AND1. THECOVENANTSMESSAGE OF THE DOCTRINE

A. Widtsoe

previously unpublished manuscript of Jmer reading Hereby Johnis a than a book commentsthe deceasedon apostletheology,whichprophecygives andhis vividliterature as found in the Doctrine and Covenants. It is

inspiring reading and an enlightening guide to Jrom GBoakgt&f\ this modern scripture. $3.50

2. PIONEER AND

INDIAN STORIES by Lucy Parr I Readers of all ages will delight with these original stories of life on the American Frontier. White men

and Red men, good men and bad men, meet in these pages to play out their roles against the colorful pioneer background. $2.50

BY RUtON S. HOWEiXS 3. GENEALOGICAL GUIDEBOOK AND ATLAS OF DENMARK 4. THE WAY TO HAPPINESS

Compiled by Frank Smith Finn A. by Rulon S. Howells DENMM! and Thomsen

A book of beautiful fullcolor picThe LDS Church Genealogical Society tures presents the truth as taught rolls of microfilm than 63,000 more of interhas by Jesus. the most One

of Danish This genealogy. records guide

esting effective missionary and in English, book, provides basic aids available. door- A quick

opener to help you get referrals. information and references to conduct

Available in English and Spanish. research of these records. Includes maps

with 12,000 places, calendar of feast $1 75—Spanish days, and an alphabet in Gothic script

$1.50—English to decipher old handwriting. $4.50

5, VITAL QUOTATIONS 6. ZION IN THE LAST DAYS 7. ILLUSTRATIONS TO INSPIRE

by Emerson Roy West by Roy W. Doxey

students, writers,:. Speakers, Revelations and writings g&pr 'by J. Randolph Ayre

will teachers of parents the General and Authorities analogy, prose, Anecdotes, in satisfaction find great reveal of Zion, location the story, poetry, simile and these city, of than plot the quo2600 more the Zion are the used to by author tations reTribes, over the and from 900 Zion's Ten inspirational ideas present sponsible and respected place in prophecy, and which will delight every men and women. Covers events which must happen reader. $1.75

religion, politics, educabefore the Saints return tion and every day living. to Zion. Paper Bound.

$4.95 $1.50

8. GOO, MAN AND THE UNIVERSE BOOKCRAFT bc269

by Hyrum L. Andrus 1186 South Main

Salt Lake City, Utah 84101 The secrets of the Universe were revealed to Please send the following book(s) for which I enclose check

Joseph Smith by The Great or money order in the amount of $

Creator. Here is every

known statement by 12 3 4 5 6 7 8 made the Prophet on this topic. NAME

Thought provoking, BOOKCRAFT ADDRESS $5.95 1186 South Main

Salt Lake City, Utah 84101 CITY, STATE, ZIP

Prices subject to change without notice. Residents of Utah add VA% sales tax.

February 1969 17 New Evidence from Modern Witnesses

Part 5

Martin Harris

The HonorableNewYork Farmer By Dr. Richard Lloyd Anderson

The nonMormon life of Martin Harris is little considered an honest, industrious citizen, by his known but of critical importance. Whether he is a neighbors."2

believable witness of the Book of Mormon depends A similar admission characterizes every major asupon his character. This can be accurately appraised sessment of this Book of Mormon witness, even those

by investigating the third of a century that he lived that allege flaws in his character. The evaluations of

continuously in Palmyra, New York, prior to testifying the man that are most significant come from about that he had seen the angel and the plates. a dozen prominent acquaintances, none of whom disIt is unfair to this witness to fix his image as the played sympathy with his religious convictions.

aged survivor who came to Utah at 87 and died The most detailed recollection of the background at 92. Though his memory of the rise of the Church and personality of Martin Harris was printed in the

was undimmed, he was a shadow of the prominent Palmyra Courier in 1872 as part of a serial history of believer who championed the cause of Joseph Smith the town written by James H. Reeves, who was born

before a disbelieving community. Martin Harris was in 1802 as a member of an early and prominent family/'

over twenty years older than Oliver Cowdery and The series included five installments devoted to Martin

David Whitmer. They reached the peak of their and his father, Nathan Harris. This is the source of

powers and success long after their testimony of the most of the stories of the prowess of "Uncle Nathan"

Book of Mormon. Harris differed from them as a as a hunter and fisher; that pioneer is also portrayed

substantial man of 46 who had already achieved conas a vital individual who dearly loved the sociability of siderable prestige before accepting Mormonism. the frontier gatherings. The elder Harris was "uniHis conversion to the claims of Joseph Smith versally honored by his neighbors for his kindness of

caused former friends to ridicule him and produced heart and willingness to assist those in need."Reeves

intense domestic conflict that resulted in a separation. considered that Martin fell heir to "the energy and

A highly objective survivor of this period later wrote activity of his mother."Until his connection with

that no early resident of Palmyra "received so many Mormonism, which is deplored, Martin Harris "was an rebuffs"and endured "so many unfeeling comments"industrious, hardworking farmer, shrewd in his busias did Martin Harris. 1 ness calculations, frugal in his habits, and what was

It is therefore clear that much of what was said of termed a prosperous man in the world."'

Martin Harris the Mormon stemmed from religious Others remembered this Book of Mormon witness prejudice. Yet none of his townsmen exceeded his on the basis of more casual contact. Stephen S. Hardestablished reputation as a responsible and honest ing, later territorial governor of Utah, recalled reindividual. turning to Palmyra as a young man in 1829 to find

That the man himself matched his prestige can be that his birthplace was greatly affected by the verified by gathering the evaluations of him made as appearance of the Book of Mormon. The affair

a result of likely or demonstrated personal contact. "excited a good deal of curiosity and comment"mainly

The first antiMormon book, based on contemporary because "such a man as Martin Harris"was involved if generally contrived statements from the native in it.

locality of Martin Harris, admitted that "he was It was "truly phenomenal"to a prejudiced com18 Improvement Era the editorial supervisor, Pomeroy Tucker, who later gained considerable stature in western New York as a politician and editor for forty years. He published

his memoirs of Mormonism in 1867, in which he intermixes his personal recollections with community hearsay in a rambling fashion. Yet he did know Harris

personally, as he states in his preface, having been brought into close contact in both negotiations and printing during the winter of 182930. Accepting the

standard nonMormon view of the fanaticism of Harris,

Tucker nevertheless evaluates him personally as "honest and benevolent."He also gives his estimation of

Harris'practical abilities: he was "a prosperous, independent farmer, strictly upright in his business

dealings...."n

It is obvious that such solid admiration for Martin

Harris'ordinary life and career must be founded upon munity that he "should abandon the cultivation of one definite achievements. These are very important to

of the best farms in the neighborhood, and change all trace from the time of his majority in 1804 until 1829, his habits of life from industry to indolence...."5 Both the critical year when he became a Book of Mormon

the prestige of Harris'preMormon days and the conwitness. This period is remote and its records are

tempt that many felt for him upon his conversion incomplete, but investigation furnishes clear outlines are revealed in this recollection. of his occupational success and community service.

A most valuable source of information about Martin These historical realities of his life definitely confirm

Harris in the Palmyra community is the consistent his community reputation as a responsible, trustopinion of journalists who had known him. The pioworthy citizen.

neer editor was generally an independent, toughMartin Harris was a farmer of marked ability. For

minded individual, and the fact that he was in the two decades prior to 1829, he had managed over 240 business of knowing community happenings makes all acres of productive land, together with associated the more impressive the assessments of Martin Harris interests. The first indication that Martin ran his own

left by such men. J. A. Hadley ran one of the two farming operation is the registration of his earmark

major newspapers in Palmyra during the period of the for animals on May 22, 1808, two months after his production of the Book of Mormon and had personal marriage to Lucy Harris. 10 Land records show that

contact with Joseph Smith and Martin Harris in conhe received the first deeds to the above tract in 1813 sidering the printing job of the Book of Mormon. He and 1814, but it is very probable that he had fanned

claimed to publish the first antiMormon news article, this land earlier and simply received his title then.

in 1829, in which he described Harris as "an honest The Ontario County Agricultural Society was not and industrious farmer of this town."t; Orsamus Turner, organized until 1819, and after 1823 Palmyra belonged

of fame as both editor and historian of western New to Wayne County, which lacked such an association

York, was a printer's apprentice in Palmyra during the in the remainder of Martin Harris'Palmyra residence.

years 18181820. In his admittedly sarcastic survey of During this period of probable participation, he is

Mormonism in 1852, he portrays Martin Harris as a prominent. He won two fair prizes in 1822, eight in

religious fanatic, yet "the owner of a good farm, and 1823, and three in 1824. He was named as one of the

an honest worthy citizen."7 two town managers of the society for Palmyra in 1823.

Two printers who worked on the Book of Mormon His prominence gives some insight into his farming had been formerly editors of the Wayne Sentinel in activity. Since he was named in 1824 to judge swine,

Palmyra. John H. Gilbert, chief compositor then, lived it may be assumed that he had displayed ability in

to tell and retell his connection with the Book of Morraising animals. But his prizes in the above years are

mon to visitors until his death in 1895. He left a stateall in the category of cloth manufacturing. He produced

ment portraying the general feeling against Martin linen, cotton and woolen ticking, blankets, and

Harris as unreliable on the subject of Mormonism, worsted and flannel fabrics. The degree of this activity

but otherwise the witness was "considered by his points to sheep raising and regular textile manufacneighbors a very honest man."8 More prominent than turing on his farm. 11 According to the contract of sale

Gilbert in the production of the Book of Mormon was of part of his property in 1831, however, a great portion

February 1969 19 of his land was sown in wheat, then the staple crop probably at this time that he traveled thirty miles to of the area. Geneva to see Butler about a loan, taking with him the

Included in community service must be his particirecommendation of the prominent Palmyra businesspation in local campaigns of the War of 1812. Although man Henry Jessup. Butler left several recollections of

wealthy enough to engage a substitute to accept his this event but comments most specifically upon the draft assignment, he mustered and served on several appraisal of Harris'financial and personal capacities occasions for defense against British forces when his in the following account:

region was threatened with invasion. 1 - His willingness "He brought a letter of introduction to me from a

to involve himself in community causes is shown by highly respectable citizen of that town, a Mr. Jessup,

his election with a number of very prominent Palmywho was a leading man and an elder in the Presbyrans in 1824 to raise money to aid the Greek indeterian Church and on whose judgment I depended in pendence movement. rj The same point is made by respect to the character of the borrower and the value

his appointment in 1827 on the Palmyra "committee of the property in all cases of applications for loans of vigilance"by the Wayne County antiMasonic from that quarter. From the letter of Mr. Jessup the

convention, a cause long since discredited but which bearer was introduced to me as a very worthy and then attracted many publicspirited individuals."substantial farmer, possessing a very excellent farm,

But the most consistent community service of Martin which would furnish a very ample security for the

Harris tells most about him. He was elected by his amount of money which he wished to obtain, viz.

neighbors in the annual township meetings as over- $ 1,300.00, and he commended Mr. Harris to me as

seer of highways for his district in the years 1811, 1813, a desirable borrower."17

1814, 1815, 1825, 1827, and 1829. In almost all of the It does not particularly concern this discussion that

above years these officials were also assigned to be Butler determined that the purpose of the loan was fence viewers. 1 "'Such positions might be compared to finance the Book of Mormon and rejected the

with the function of a noncommissioned officer who application. In another memorandum recollection,

deals on a familiar level with small groups and thereButler reports "my agent"as indicating that "this was fore must possess tact and personal respect to succeed. one of the most respectable farmers in Wayne

The overseer of highways directed the work of neighCounty."1 8

bors on the roads in his district. It is obvious that The most unusual tribute to this Book of Mormon

Martin Harris was not a person with talents for high witness came in an obituary written 34 years before leadership as much as a local leader, extraordinary in his death. Probably because of the activities of another

his reliability and trustworthiness. Harris, the report spread throughout U.S. newspapers

By 1829 it was wellknown in Palmyra that Martin in 1841 that Martin Harris had been assassinated in

Harris believed in Joseph Smith and the golden plates. Illinois for lecturing against Mormonism. This was

As just shown, that year his neighbors still elected him soon corrected by the Painesville Telegraph, which reto oversee the highway work in his district. Two ported from Harris'residence in Ohio that he was

years before Martin Harris became a witness of the still alive to read "what shall be said of him after his

Book of Mormon, he was sworn without disqualificadeath."11 'In the meantime Alvah Strong at Rochester

tion as a grand juror in his county. In the following had relied upon the nationally circulated story of the

year his name appears three times as a witness before murder and had written his detailed estimate of his the chief criminal court of his district. 1 '1 former acquaintance. Strong, a distinguished editor

li the public credentials of Martin Harris'trustand respected community leader in Rochester, had worthiness are impressive, they can be verified by earlier worked as a young printer in Palmyra just after recovering his confidential credit report. Loan officers the publication of the Book of Mormon and during

measure both ability and reliability in venturing the peak of Martin Harris'public preaching in that money, and one of considerable stature recalled Martin community. Based upon this and other personal

Harris'loan application in detail. The Book of Morknowledge, he summarized the admiration for this

mon witness could have had no more responsible witness and the prejudice against his testimony that reporting than from Charles Butler, who in 1830 was characterized the community that knew him:

a lawyer and regional loan officer for the New York "We have ever regarded Mr. Harris as an honest

Life Insurance and Trust Company and in later life man. We first became acquainted with him at Palmyra,

an impeccable New York financier and philanthropist. in the spring of 1828, shortly after the plates from

Early in 1830 it is evident that Martin Harris lacked which the Book of Mormon is said to have been transmoney to pay the printer of the Book of Mormon, lated, were found.... Though illiterate and actually

though valuable land was pledged as security. It was of a superstitious turn of mind, he had long sustained

20 Improvement Era an irreproachable character for probity.... By his without seriously considering the truth of his testimony

neighbors and townsmen with whom he earnestly and of the Book of Mormon.

almost incessantly labored, he was regarded rather as It was Grandin's associate in the printing of the being deluded himself, than as wishing to delude Book of Mormon who perceived this issue. Pomeroy

others knowingly; but still he was subjected to many Tucker had "frequent and familiar interviews"with

scoffs and rebukes, all of which he endured with a Martin Harris during the production of the book, and meekness becoming a better cause."-"in the previous year, just weeks after the experience of

The only extended evaluation of Martin Harris made Martin's seeing the angel and the plates, Tucker in the period of his Palmyra residence is also the most joined Grandin "in the friendly admonitions vainly complimentary. His exodus from Palmyra occasioned seeking to divert Harris from his persistent fanaticism

a touching tribute placed before the public by E. B. in that losing speculation."- 1'Martin's tenacity in these

Grandin. Editor of the Wayne Sentinel in the crucial circumstances convinced Tucker that the honorable

years of 18271832 and printer of the Book of Mormon, farmer "no doubt firmly believed in the genuineness;; For all of his biasGrandin perhaps knew Harris more intimately than of Joseph Smith's pretensions."-

any nonMormon in Palmyra. Grandin s diary is still against the possibility of the divine origin of the

in existence for the period immediately after these Book of Mormon, Tucker lets Harris speak for himself events, and it reveals him as a thoughtful, religiously by means of quoting his printed testimony that "by independent man. This editor penned a valedictory the power of God"the witnesses "saw the plates,

upon the occasion of Martin Harris'leaving for Ohio and the engravings thereon,"and heard "his voice"with other early Latterday Saints in 1831. It is imdeclare the translation correct. The reality of this

pressive that direct approval of the honesty of the experience and the honesty of Martin Harris are financier of the Book of Mormon should come from obviously harmonious. But if one rejects the superthe man who had held continual business dealings natural event, he is left with the undisputed fact that

with him. Martin Harris passed this practical test with the New York farmer was a man trusted implicitly by

distinction: his community in practical affairs. Tucker was

"Mr. Harris was among the early settlers of this thoughtful enough to understand the dilemma of retown, and has ever borne the character of an honjecting the printed testimony: "How to reconcile the

orable and upright man, and an obliging and benevoact of Harris in signing his name to such a statement, lent neighbor. He had secured to himself by honest in view of the character of honesty which had

industry a respectable fortune—and he has left a large always been conceded to him, could never be easily

circle of acquaintances and friends to pity his deexplained."O

lusion."21 FOOTNOTES

Courier, 'Palmyra cf. 3. 24, note 1872; May

his Harris The personal Martin judgments on from -E. D. (Painesville, Unvaried Howe, 13. Mormonism Ohio, p. 1834),

Proof that is the Reeves author of these articles hut numerous unsignedassociates his generally praise character, not personal History the from comes County, (Philadelphia, of York Wayne New brilliance. In almost 40 years'residence in Palmyra, in1877),Palmyrap. papers134, whichin 187071indicates"fromits thereliancepen ofonJamesthe historicalReeves."sketches

he was admired for his integrity but not trusted with "Letter'Palmyraof Courier,S. S. HaidingMay 24,to 1872.Thomas Gregg, Milan, Indiana, February

offices requiring gifted leadership. Several of the pp.1882,3637.cit. Thomas Gregg, The Prophet of Palmyra (New York, 1890),

editors of the period, selftaught by constant reading, Rochester""GoldenAdvertiserBible,"andborrowedTelegraph,articleAug.from31, the1829.Palmyra Freeman, cit.

considered him naive. Strong's adjective "illiterate,"PurchaseO. Turner,(Rochester,History 1852),of the Pioneerp. 215. Settlement of Phelps and Gorham's

however, can only mean "uncultured,"because Martin's New"Memorandum,York. This presentlymade by existsJohn H.onlyGilbert,in a typedEsq., copy.Sept. Cit.8, 1892,DeseretPalmyra,News

pen was ready, and numerous recollections from Pal- "Church''PomeroySection,"Tucker,AugustOrigin,15,Rise,1942.and Progress of Mormonism (New York,

myra emphasize that he read scripture constantly and 1867),JtlThc pp.earmark41, 50.registration date appears in the Palmyra Town Record

could quote the Bible from memory at astounding andby Martinthe weddingHarris, datebasedin onthe servicerecords inof theapplicationWar of for1812,veterans'U. S. benefitsGeneral

length. When the religious prejudice of all opinions Services"IdenticalAdministration.reports of the Ontario Agricultural Fair appear in the

of the honest farmer is taken into account, Martin Wayne1823, andSentinelNov. (in17, 18221824,theandPalmyraalso theHerald)Ontarioof Nov.Repository6, 1822,of Nov.Oct. 29,19,

Harris is really being called a man of the people, 1822,'-TheseNov.details11, 1823,were andrecalledNov. by10, Martin1824. Harris and other veterans in

for benefits; applications see note 10.lacking the polish of intellectual training but admired later

Sentinel, 21, 1824. Jan. ''Wayne

5, 1827. entriesfor his solidity by many educated men. Such an '"Palmyra"Palmyra Sentinel,Town Record,Oct.

individual lends great strength to the Book of Mormon, cited.'"Minutes of the Court of Oyer andat Terminer,beginning Bookof April1, Waynein eachCountyyear

because his presence means that the Three Witnesses Courthouse, Lyons, New York.

were in fact a cross section of their community. If isIbid.JTManuscripts of Charles Butler, Library of Congress.

ridiculed as a religious enthusiast, he is nevertheless -Rochester''The TelegraphDaily (Painesville-,Democrat, JuneOhio),23, June1841. 30, 1841.

a forthright, simple believer. It is an act of prejudice -'iWflyne--Tucker, Sentinel,op. cit., Mayp. 4. 27, 1831.

to dismiss one so clearly competent in ordinary life -'Tucker,-"Palmyra op.Courier,cit., p.June71. 11, 1858.

February 1969 21 Teaching Conducted by the Church School System

Bridging the Teacher Student Gap

By Gerald E. Jones

of the "seed of faith"was visibly

Gerald E. Jones, who serves professionally as director of the Laramie illustrated in the seed my grand-

(Wyoming) Institute of Religion, is in the Laramie Second Ward bishopric, and has long been concerned with the studentteacher relationship. mother had set on her kitchen stove

to sprout. The water of baptism

"Now, if ye give place, that a more sprouted during a week's and the warmth of the Spirit could seed may be planted in your heart, time, Grandfather knew he had make a person grow and develop, behold, if it be a... good seed,... good seed corn and could use it just as the wet cloth and the

it will begin to swell within your for spring planting. If enough did warmth of the kitchen stove made

breast...."(Al. 32:28.) not sprout, he knew he had bad the seed corn sprout and develop.

My mind wanders back to Grandseed and would have to purchase Effective teaching is more than mother's kitchen, where she had his seed corn that spring from a just imparting facts from one perjust counted 30 kernels from a neighboring farmer whose seed had son to another. The information

bushel of corn Grandfather and I sprouted well. taught must be related to the life

had shelled by hand. These kernels As a teenage farm boy, I became of the student, so he may see the

were placed between two sheets interested in the gospel by listenrelevance of the gospel principle of wet cloth and set above the ing to a South Dakota farmer teach to the world around him.

woodburning stove in the kitchen gospel lessons by examples he knew The first important step to sucto await their sprouting. If 25 or I could understand. Alma's storv cessful accomplishment of this goal

22 Improvement Era We r Start ofsomething i&alfyr gtSat

Hi

Rapidmix. It's easy. It's quick.

Only one word describes Fleischmann's new Rapidmix way to easy yeast baking.

Revolutionary! No more dissolving the

yeast, worrying about water temperature or warming the bowl. Just add Fleischmann's

Yeast to your other dry ingredients and bake away. The results? Sensational!

For exciting Rapidmix recipes: Just send 25c in cash for handling and mailing to Fleischmann's Treasury of Yeast Baking, Box 20D, Mount Vernon, New York 10559

(Orders without zip code cannot be accepted.). '; -. '

February 1969 23

is for the teacher to be aware of the of his own occupation, carpentry. 4. Name a current star in sports,

"lifesphere"or environmental influRather, he used examples drawn both local and national.

ences in which the person being from experiences of the people he 5. Do you know the plot of the

taught is involved. When we bewas attempting to teach. movies seen by 90 percent of the

come familiar with the life and Teaching small children in Sunclass?

environment of our students, we day School and Primary requires If you feel uncomfortable about must then learn to relate our teachthis same method of relating to not knowing the answers to these ings to their lives. their lives. They do not understand questions, you have recognized

Relating the principles of the things that they have not experiproof of a probable "generation gospel to specific students requires enced. But if the lessons are gap."An important way we can

specific examples. The farm boy translated into language and exambridge the gap is to become familiar

will understand germinating seed ples with which they are familiar, with the problems of the group. As

corn, while the city dweller may the principles taught will be vivid a result, we will then be able to never have heard of the process. and understandable to them. discuss and relate principles to

To him you must relate the princiIt is difficult for most of us to their concerns. We should be able

ple to the germinating of a seed in relate to the lives of teenagers. The to discuss these daily concerns in

a pot of dirt or perhaps a small "generation gap"is probably wider the light of the gospel. If we do

garden plot. If the student is unthan we realize. What do you know not, it may never be done for them

familiar with the example, he about the world of teenagers in otherwise. When people—of any

may remember the example but your area? Most adults have long age—feel we understand the conforget the principle being taught. ago left the world of youth in order cerns that affect them, they will be

The thrill of increased understandto specialize in their professions willing and even anxious to learn ing comes when new insights are and make a living for their families. gospel principles they can apply in

pointed out in things familiar to Many adults do not even attempt their lives.

the student. to reenter in thought this strange When we have been able to acAs a teacher of adults, you may teen world in order to help their quaint ourself with the concerns in

need to learn even more about understanding of the teenager. the lives of our students, the next

older members than you would If you are teaching teenagers or problem is to learn ways to relate teenagers. Interests become diversihave some of them in your home, specific examples to principles of

fied as we grow older, and the see how well you can relate to the gospel. Following are a few

teacher of adults will need to them by answering the following areas of interest particularly to broaden himself in order to reach questions teenagers more of the class. It is helpful for 1. Do you understand the new Popular songs. Some of the bestteachers to remember that talking math concepts taught in school selling records have had poignant

about things with which we are today? and helpful lessons.

familiar may not have the desired 2. Name two of the "top ten"Current books. For example, the

effect upon the listener, because popular songs that the teenagers bestselling novel The Chosen, by his background and interests are in your area enjoy. Chaim Potok, is an excellent disdifferent from ours. It is interesting 3. What novels are assigned cussion of fatherson relationships

that Jesus seldom used illustrations reading in the local schools? in a JewishAmerican culture. A

Sir, you are familiar—Remove your "headline frown"

Oh, you are wonderfully familiar (The children's term), and share

Across my table, A private grin. Pater,

Valentine A children's mile away. Paterfamilias...

We share some toast and milk You split it two ways, half

By Maureen Cannon (More often spilt than not—For me and, teasing, laugh

/ never ivas precise). As though, unique, we knew

Just so, you fold it twice—The joke. We do, we do!

Your paper—put it down, I love your laugh. And you.

24 Improvement Era This beautiful book in full color just off the press

discussion of this novel helps everyone see his own parentchild relationship in a new perspective.

Movies. The Churchhonored

movie To Sir, With Love can bring vivid recollections of the values of education and manners in the lives of teenagers.

Comic strips. These are read by

many people. Examples of both for joining LDS BOOKS

good and bad can safely be pointed

CLUB this month!out by using comic characters

rather than real individuals. Many

lessons can be taught subtly with A fascinating portrayal of humor and universal characteristic the truths taught by Jesus, rather than personal examples. presented in a special

Role playing. A good technique

way to help you share is to ask students to read in advance and interpret the stories in their the gospel with lessons in their own words and friends and presentday settings. This will help loved ones.

them relate the gospel stories and principles to themselves and their own environment. The teacher can

then help them make decisions in the conflicts of the situations.

Verse and prose. Many of President David O. McKay's talks and

editorials contain references from Make your first Club selection wellknown authors to illustrate a from the following books:

point of the gospel. This is a worthy

example for us all to try to fol- 1. The Quest forby ExcellenceSterling W. Sill 4. AnswersQuestions,tobyBookSidneyof B.MormonSperry 7. Mormon byDoctrineBruce R. McConkie

low, if care is used in the selection. Collection of articles packed with Many questions candidly and Summary of fundamental doctrines

Students must be able to understimulating information. $3.75 openly discussed. $3.50 of the gospel $6.95

stand the verse and poetry selected. 2. Fantastic Victory 5. Faith of a Scientist 8. Fascinating Womanhood

These are but a few of the posby W. Cleon Skousen by Dr. Henry Eyring by Helen B. Andelin

sible examples. However, we should Anlatestauthoritativerendezvousaccountwith ofdestiny.Israel's scienceDramaticcanproofandthatdo religionfunctionandin Principlesin winning whicha man'smustgenuinebe appliedlove.

not hesitate to point out weaknesses $3.75 harmony. $3.00 $4.95

and dangers in television shows, 3. Life Everlasting 6. Ten Most Wanted Men 9. Joseph Smith

movies, books, or music. Often by Duane S. Crowther by Paul Dunn by his Mother, Lucy Mack Smith

these dangers are subtle and in- A comprehensive look at the estate A look at the ten most desirable An intimate glimpse into the life sidious in their influence on others. of man. $4.50 traits of leadership. $3.95 of the Prophet. $3.50

With the spirit of discernment, and OR ANY LDS BOOK OF YOUR CHOICE WE HAVE AVAILABLE WITH A RETAIL PRICE OF $3.00 OR MORE!

wisdom, love we can using andby

BC268 INC. CLUB, LDS BOOKS problems potential see othershelp

400 Salt Lake P.O. Box City, Utah 84110

involved. Enclosed is my check or money order in the amount of $

If we commit ourselves, under for my first club selection circled below. I understand that I will rethe influence of the Holy Ghost, to ceive "The Way to Happiness"absolutely free for joining this month.

become acquainted with the world My first selection is circled.

3 5 7 9 6 4 8 both 12 teach, we those of we whom review. agree to hereby and send member CLUB me monthly BOOKS

able will be students at the during or selections alternates the next I12 months of 4 regular to purchaseEnroll me aasminimuma LDS ourand say with Alma, "it beginneth to regularor alternate).advertisedI mayprice.resign(Premiumanytime booksafter purchasingfor joining 4dobooks.not qualifyFor eachas a4 regularbooks IClubaccept,selectionI will

enlighten my understanding."(Al. receive a valuable bonus book free—a savings of 20%.

32:28.) O NAME

ADDRESS

CITY, STATE, ZIP

February 1969 25

..? ganized a group of singers from among the Levites to continually lift up the voice with joy. ( See 1 Chron.

15:16; 1 Chron. 9:33.)

The New Testament era of scriptural history alsoSinging includes the use of song. The first earthly sojourn of

the Savior was announced and heralded by heavenly

By Don B. Castleton choirs who sang, "Glory to God in the highest, and

on earth peace, good will toward men."(Luke 2:14.)

Song has always held a position of significance in We learn from the gospel of Matthew that the Lord the religious experience of man. "Where one sings, not only walked and talked with the apostles, but that

there shall thy life be long; evil people have no song,"they also sang together, particularly at that emotionsaid Martin Luther. "The religions among men are filled evening of the introduction of the sacrament.

good; therefore they have a song—a song of praise, (Matt. 26:30.) Paul instructed the Saints in his day

a song of hope, a song of gratitude. Music is the handto speak "in psalms and hymns and spiritual songs,

maiden of religion. The religious should sing, and singing and making melody in your heart to the Lord."

they do,"wrote J. Spencer Cornwall, former conductor (Eph. 5:19.)

of the Tabernacle Choir. The Jaredites sang praises unto the Lord: "... yea,

Considering music's role in religion, one author has the brother of Jared did sing praises unto the Lord, written: "Worship is essentially a state of feeling rather and he did thank and praise the Lord all the day long:

than of thinking. The devotee enters his holy of holies and when the night came, they did not cease to praise

when he attains a feeling of oneness with divinity; and the Lord."(Eth. 6:9.)

this feeling is perhaps more completely attained Moroni, of Lehite descent, described the religious through the influence of music than by any other service of his day:

means. It may well be that music establishes more "And their meetings were conducted by the church

intimate touch with divinity than anything else."1 after the manner of the workings of the Spirit, and by

Music, particularly song, has always played a vital the power of the Holy Ghost; for as the power of

role in man's relationship with God. the Holy Ghost led them whether to preach, or to

Scriptural records abound with reference to the exhort, or to pray, or to supplicate, or to sing, even so usage of this divine art. One reads from Job that it was done."(Moro. 6:9.)

even in the preexistence music existed, for when the The gospel dispensation ushered in through the earth's creation was completed, "the morning stars Prophet Joseph Smith included a reaffirmation of sang together, and all the sons of God shouted for song's important role in religion. Revelations and

joy."(Job 38:7.) To the Old Testament peoples, song instructions as compiled in the Doctrine and Covewas an integral part of man's worship. One rememnants contain interesting insights into the musical

bers the example of the boy David, who, through the dimension of the religious experience. As one carefully

powers of God that were brought into play by harp studies this divinely inspired book, he not only senses and voice, released King Saul from the agonies of this reaffirmation of song—he also becomes aware of

evil spirits (1 Sam. 16), and later one remembers the proper nature and use of singing.

David as king, penning and singing what is now known In July 1830, three months after The Church of as the Psalms. Commenting upon these lyrical verses, Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints was officially

an English writer has written: organized, the Prophet Joseph received a revelation

"The Book of Psalms contains the whole music of in which the Lord instructed Emma Smith to make a the heart of man swept by the hands of his maker. In collection of sacred hymns to be sung by the Saints:

it are gathered the lyrical burst of his tenderness, the "And it shall be given thee, also, to make a selection moan of his penitence, the pathos of his sorrow, of sacred hymns, as it shall be given thee, which is the triumph of his victory, the despair of his defeat, the pleasing unto me, to be had in my church.

firmness of his confidence, the rapture of his assured "For my soul delighteth in the song of the heart;

hope."2 yea, the song of the righteous is a prayer unto me, and

It is interesting to remember that King David orit shall be answered with a blessing upon their heads."

(D&C 25:1112.)

Don B. Castleton acquired the background for this article

while researching his master's thesis, "The Concept of This must be one of the most unusual verses in

Zion as Reflected Song,"at Brigham Young in Mormon known scripture, for although music has always been

University. a doctorate pursuing and is at BYU, He is now

deacons quorum adviser in the Nineteenth Ward in Provo. associated with religion, and that too with the enthusiastic approval and direction of prophets, this is the

Photos by Jeny Harvey

February 1969 27 I will sing with the spirit, and I will sing withHe who pays little or no "...

the< understanding also."(1 Cor. 14:15.)

attention to the words destroys Those responsible for the publication of the early half the value of singing"hymnals were very concerned with this dimension of singing and were careful to include only those songs -President Heber J. Grant which were in agreement with the truths of the revealed gospel. The preface to the 1835 hymnal reads:

"In order to sing by the Spirit, and with understanding only recorded reference to the Lord's direct endorseit is necessary that the Church of the Latterday ment of the art. Saints should have a collection of 'Sacred Hymns,'

George D. Pyper, commenting about this revelation, adapted to their faith and belief in the gospel...."

noted that "though there are numerous references in The idea is again present in the preface of the first holy writ to the use and value of music and song, hymnal published in England. Brigham Young, Parley

this is the only instance on record where the Lord, P. Pratt, and John Taylor wrote:

by revelation, has directed the compilation of hymns "The Saints in this country have been very desirous and recognized the power of song."for a Hymn Book adapted to their faith and worship,

Obedient to the Lord's instructions, Emma began to that they might sing the truth with an understanding make a hymn collection. She was assisted by W. W. heart, and express their praise, joy, and gratitude, in

Phelps, and by 1832 the collection was complete and songs adapted to the new and everlasting covenant.

in process of preparation for publication. It is not In accordance with their wishes, we have selected the

known whether the collection was ever printed, for following volume, which we hope will prove acceptwe have neither copy nor mention of it. If it was able until a greater variety can be added."

printed, the press at Jackson County was probably Prophets of the twentieth century have also emphaused, and the plates and early publications likely sufsized the importance of this dimension in singing.

fered destruction along with the Book of ComPresident Heber J. Grant wrote in the Liahona:

mandments in July 1833. The work of Emma and "To my mind the musician who pays little or no

W. W. Phelps was successfully completed, however, in attention to the words of the song destroys half the

1835, when the first known hymnal of the Latterday value and charm of his or her singing. No individual

Saint Church emerged. It was printed by F. G. Wilsinger, or organization of singers in the Church, should

liams and Co. at Kirtland, Ohio, and contained 90 ever render a selection unless the words are in full

hymns. harmony with the truths of the gospel and can be

Speaking of Emma's efforts and the development of given from the heart of the singer."

the LDS hymnal, President George Albert Smith said: George F. Richards stated in general conference in

"Not only does the spoken word touch the hearts of October 1911: "Just a word of criticism in relation to

the children of men, but our Heavenly Father, knowsinging, although I do not pose as a musician or singer.

ing the importance of appropriate singing in worship, In my traveling among the Saints, I have observed in called Emma Smith and appointed her to select the some quarters that there is a disposition to displace hymns that were published in the first hymn book of the Latterday Saint hymns with sectarian songs which

The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints. They have been composed by those who know not the

have been added to from time to time, until today the gospel, and not, in every instance, are the sentiments songs of Zion are sung in many lands, and the words expressed in those songs in harmony with the truth. It

of the gospel of Jesus Christ have been interpreted is a matter of embarrassment to call our peoples'atin many lands, not only by the spoken word, but by tention on such occasions to the necessity for culling hymns that are sung from the hearts of those who out those hymns which do not express the truth, in accept the gospel of our Lord."which we can pour out our souls and sing with mean-

A close analysis of the Lord's instructions to Emma ing and heart to the Lord, such as will meet with His as recorded in Section 25 will reveal, however, that approval and call down a blessing upon us. I suppose

the Lord does not approve of just any type of music that some of our brethren, choir leaders, would say in his Church; he clearly designates it to be a "song that these hymns are old, that we want something

of the heart."Only then would it be a prayer and new, something full of life and vim. I want to call

answered with blessings. In order to be able to sing attention to the fact that that which is dearer to us

from the heart, one must be intellectually in agreethan all else, the gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ, is ment with what the song says. The apostle Paul not new. There is nothing with which wc have to

grasped this principle and wrote to the Corinthians, do that is older than the gospel; there is nothing

28 Improvement Era dearer.... these hymns, which have been selected by ideas from the following verses given at the dedication

the inspiration from the Lord,... are never tiring of the Kirtland Temple:

to the Latterday Saints. They contain valuable ser- "O hear, O hear, O hear us, O Lord! And answer

mons, and the people like to hear them, and we ought these petitions, and accept the dedication of this house not to tire in singing them...."unto thee, the work of our hands, which we have built

Singing from the heart is not the only musical stipuunto thy name;

lation mentioned in Section 25; in order for song to be "And also this church, to put upon it thy name. And

of acceptable nature to the Lord, it must also be sung help us by the power of thy Spirit, that we may mingle by the "righteous."To this writer, the dimension of our voices with those bright, shining seraphs around

personal righteousness in singing is the key to "singing thy throne, with acclamations of praise, singing with the spirit,"spoken of by Paul. "... be filled with Hosanna to God and the Lamb!"(D&C 109:7879.)

the Spirit,"he wrote to the Saints at Ephesus; "SpeakSinging as envisioned by Joseph Smith included not

ing to yourselves in psalms and hymns and spiritual only the participation of men (mortal and immortal) songs, singing and making melody in your heart to the but also other objects of God's creation. Note these

the Lord."(Eph. 5:1819.) Only one who is righteous statements:

is eligible for the Spirit of the Lord, and therefore the "Brethren, shall we not go on in so great a cause?

"song of righteousness"is merely the singing of those Go forward and not backward. Courage, brethren;

who have that Spirit with them. and on, on to the victory! Let your hearts rejoice, and

The Prophet Joseph Smith understood and taught be exceedingly glad. Let the earth break forth into

the principles to the early choirs of the Church. singing. Let the dead speak forth anthems of eternal

Joseph Young, Sr., wrote: praise to the King Immanuel, who hath ordained,

"This subject came under the especial notice of before the world was, that which would enable us to

Joseph Smith, the Prophet, who organized the first redeem them out of their prison; for the prisoners

choir in the Church, and who was a constant attendant shall go free.

at their singing schools. He recommended the Saints "Let the mountains shout for joy, and all ye valleys

to cultivate as high a state of perfection in their musicry aloud; and all ye seas and dry lands tell the woncal harmonies as the standard of the faith which he ders of your Eternal King! And ye rivers, and brooks,

had brought was superior to sectarian religion. To and rills, flow down with gladness. Let the woods and

obtain this, he gave them to understand that the all the trees of the field praise the Lord; and ye solid

refinement of singing would depend on the attainrocks weep for joy! And let the sun, moon, and the

ment of the Holy Spirit. That the combined talent morning stars sing together, and let all the sons of

of the sainted compositors, when united with those God shout for joy! And let the eternal creations deinspirations will bring compositions of tunes, that have clare his name forever and ever! And again I say, how

origin with the sacred choirs that sing the new song glorious is the voice we hear from heaven, proclaiming in the presence of God and the Lamb, who join their in our ears, glory, and salvation, and honor, and imsymphonies with the compositors, that dwell with the mortality, and eternal life; kingdoms, principalities,

Saints on earth; and when the music performed here, and powers!"(D&C 128:2223.)

is acceptable to their spirits, they then cooperate with Singing, then, as envisioned by the prophets and rethe choirs, in our early courts. corded in the Doctrine and Covenants embodies the

"When this subject is studied and sought after by characteristics of deep understanding and personal the singers of the Saints, with their whole hearts, their righteousness, resulting in an endowment of the Holy songs and anthems, and their minstrelsy, will soften Spirit and at times a union with musical efforts of into celestial melody, melt the hearts of the Saints heavenly groups and other objects of God's creation.

and draw them together...."3 Such music will characterize the future Zion society.

Through revelation, Brigham Young also underScripture clearly indicates that all those who qualify stood the unifying and uplifting nature of song that to be part of this society will be "pure in heart"( D&C is sung with understanding and the Spirit, and he 97:21), or free from sin and guilt. Such a condition is

consequently counseled the westwardbound Saints to achieved through a process called sanctification, which "praise the Lord with singing, with music, with dancBrigham Young said "consists of overcoming every sin ing, and with a prayer of praise and thanksgiving."and bringing all into subjection to the law of Christ,"

(D&C 136:28.) thereby freeing oneself from the bonds of sin and

Joseph Smith's ideas concerning heavenly choirs guilt and uniting with Christ in oneness of purpose and their participation with mortal singers are clearly of deed.

reflected in the Doctrine and Covenants. Note both Because of this sanctified, purein-heart condition,

February 1969 29 For my soul delighteth in the song of the heart,"the Lord tells us.

Zion will be characterized by a joyous atmosphere. "The Lord hath redeemed his people;

Its members "shall obtain gladness and joy; and sorrow And Satan is bound and time is no longer,

and mourning shall flee away."(Isa. 51:11.) The The Lord hath gathered all things in one.

swords formerly used for warfare will be beaten into The Lord hath brought down Zion from above.

plowshares (see Isa. 2:1-5; 2 Ne. 12:3-4), and even The Lord hath brought up Zion from beneath.

the wolf and the lamb shall feed together (Isa. 65:25).

This feeling will find expression and increased dimen- "The earth hath travailed and brought forth her sion in song. The pure in heart will sing for joy, strength;

rejoicing and praising God. (2 Ne. 8:11; Mosiah And truth is established in her bowels;

15:2831; Isa. 52:7-10.) The words to one of the songs And the heavens have smiled upon her;

that Zion will sing were revealed to Joseph Smith in And she is clothed with the glory of her God;

1832 and are found in the Doctrine and Covenants: For he stands in the midst of his people.

"The Lord hath brought again Zion;

The Lord hath redeemed his people, Israel, "Glory and honor, and power, and might,

According to the election of grace, Be ascribed to our God; for he is full of mercy,

Which was brought to pass by the faith Justice, grace and truth, and peace,

And covenant of their fathers. Forever and ever, Amen."(D&C 84:99102.)

30 Improvement Era Judging from its content we may surmise that the saints will understand it. best and sing it with

enthusiasm....""'

The singing of those who will be gathered together into the Zion society is a prominent theme of the Doctrine and Covenants: "And it shall come to pass that

the righteous shall be gathered out from among all nations, and shall come to Zion, singing with songs of everlasting joy."(D&C 45:71.)

"Keep these sayings, for they are true and faithful;

and thou shalt magnify thine office, and push many people to Zion with songs of everlasting joy upon their heads."(D&C 66:11.)

"And whatsoever city thy servants shall enter, and the people of that city receive their testimony, let thy peace and thy salvation be upon that city; that they

may gather out of that city the righteous, that they may come forth to Zion,... with songs of everlasting joy."

(D&C 109:39.)

"They that remain, and are pure in heart, shall return, and come to their inheritances, they and their children, with songs of everlasting joy, to build up the waste places of Zion—

"And all these things that the prophets might be fulfilled."(D&C 101:18, 19.)

Even the ten tribes will return and join in song, for "they shall be filled with songs of everlasting joy."

(D&C 133:33.)

And with the second coming of Jesus Christ, those who are resurrected will join with the choirs of Zion in song that will be a part of the celestial society forever: "And the graves of the saints shall be opened;

and they shall come forth and stand on the right hand of the Lamb, when he shall stand upon Mount Zion, and upon the holy city, the New Jerusalem; and they

shall sing the song of the Lamb, day and night forever and ever."(D&C 133:56.)

Commenting upon future singing within Zion and The Doctrine and Covenants not only contains a particularly upon the song quoted above, President reaffirmation of song's significance in man's relationJoseph Fielding Smith remarked: ship to God, but it also adds depth of understanding

"Then they will see 'eye to eye,'and shall lift up as to what elements make the art "divine."It would be

their voice and with the voice together shall they sing. well to carefully consider the Lord's counsel to sing

"The new song which they shall sing at this great from the heart and in righteousness, joining with day will be concerning the redemption of Zion and heavenly powers, for only then will music become a the restoration of Israel.... We may believe that prayer, resulting in joyous blessings upon the heads

no music has yet been produced that will compare of those within Zion. In fact, only then will Zion be

with the music for this song when Zion is redeemed."1 established in all her beauty, unity, and joy.

The singing of such songs will characterize Zion, for FOOTNOTES "joy and gladness shall be found therein, thanksgiving, lishing'JohnCo.,Redfiekl,1935), Music,pp. 13637.a Science and an Art (New York: Tudor PubProthere, E. -Rowlandand the voice of melody."(Isa. 51:3.)

York: of Americanin SolomonHebrewB. Congregations,Freehof, Preface1957),to Scripturep. 205. Union (New

Dr. Sidney B. Sperry suggests that by the time the 'Joseph Young, Sr., History of the Organization of the Seventies (Salt

(Salt Revelation History Fielding Smith, and Modern Church 'JosephNew Jerusalem is established, "most people will realize Lake City, 1878), p. 15.

Apostles Church of Jesus of Citv: of The The Council Lake the Twelve

Saints, Vol. of Latterday 1953),the work done by our Lord and will lift up their voices Christ

Doctrine "Sidnev B. Sperry, and Covenants2, pp. 10910.Compendium ( Salt Lake

and acknowledge it and a new song will be sung. City: Bookeraft, I960), p. 403.

February 1969 31 The RealTruth - to beTAKE NOW! The following appeared as an

editorial some time ago in Pravda, the

Russia. The word pravda, when

"truth."-- Sufficient Tomorrow translated, means"Shelf official newspaper of Communist

The article translates as follows:

FAMILY FOOD RESERVE 136 EAST 6TH STREET BEAUMONT, CALIF. 92223 A Pravda survey reveals that an

organization called the Boy is turning American youngstersFOUR UNIQUE REASONS WHY THIS RESERVE IS Scoutsinto hostile, warmongering imperialists. Every boy who is forcedFOR YOU... AND ALL FOR PENNIES A MEAL:

to join the Boy Scouts is trained to be a master of all forms

Delicious FoodsMeals-asUsual of espionage, violence, and

Not just wheat, beans & rice—nutritiously balanced minimoisture foods germ warfare. He quickly becomes

a very dangerous tool of the of the finest quality. ruthless United States Government.

Stabilized Storage Atmosphere AmericanAt the age boysof 8 orare9,forciblyinnocentherded

A new innovation in canned food storage to assure the optimum freshinto an organization known as the Cub Scouts, which prepares ness, nutritional value and flavor. them for future foul deeds.

Techno—genie Storage Cans TheyouthCubto worshipScout dictatorsthe wolf,force the

Special plating and enamel to maximize shelflife of the product. one of the most vicious and

uncivilized of predatory animals.

Space Saving, Endlabeled Cartons Afterin thethreeCub Scouts,years oftheservitudeboys, now

A four months food reserve for a family of five may be stored in less howling adolescents, are forced than 2 x 4 ft. floor space. The contents of these endlabeled cartons toScouts.join theTheolder,mostmoredeceitfulcorrupt, Boy

are easy to identify or inventory. ritual is the shameful "court of honor,"

where the young warmongers WHAT DO YOU KNOW WOULD YOU LIKE are"meritdecoratedbadges."withIt socalledis here they receive

ABOUT AN ADEQUATE TO KNOW MORE? awards for their work in such

FAMILY FOOD RESERVE? insidious fields as "swimming"

(underwater demolition and Yes, I'd like to know more about an adequate family food reserve. sabotage); "pathfinding"(counterespionage); "pioneering"

Please tell me about your Utah warehouse plan. (exploitation of underdeveloped

I | Notify me of your Display and Demonstration for families or groups nations).

in my area.

In their efforts to completely

Explain your planned kits for dental, medical, sewing & mending supcontrol American youth, the Scout plies. czars have also set up a sister

organization called the "Girl Scouts of

NAMF America."This illconceived group

turns girls into unpaid doorto-door

STREET cookie venders. The proceeds

of these sales, of course, CITY S"rATE ZIP go to the Wall Street masterminds of the entire plot. O

'SAM AN DY INC. '(From Telescout, published by the

FAMILY RESERVE DIVISION Great Salt Lake Council, Boy 136 EAST 6TH STREET BE AUM ONT, CALIFORNIA 92223 Scouts of America.)

32 Improvement Era TheBeginnings ofan Artist

Dennis Smith is a young Mormon artist who was born and reared in Alpine, Utah, a town of about one thousand people. After a mission to Denmark, he studied art at Brigham Young University, and in a class taught by Franz Johannsen in sculpture, he

discovered what was to be his life's work. "There was never any question of anything

else after that,"he says. Graduate work was interrupted as he accepted a commission

at the Royal Academy of Art at Copenhagen, where he studied until about a year ago. Noiv Dennis Smith works and lives with his wife and two little children in Alpine,

where he was interviewed by the editors and photographed in his studio by Eldon K.

Linschoten for the Era of Youth. Parts of the interview are here presented for you.

The Editors

Marion D. Hanks, Editor

Elaine Cannon, Associate Editor

February 1969 33 An interview with Dennis Smith

HOW DID IT ALL BEGIN FOR YOU?

I remember drawing all the time as a child. I used to like to draw trucks and airplanes, as every

child does. But with me it was important to draw. I dreamed of growing up and becoming a

famous cartoonist. I came home from school one day and saw this old airplane frame that we used

to play in when we were little, down by the creek. I wrote a poem about the airplane frame and

how we imagined that we could fly. It didn't make any difference that it wouldn't really get off

the ground; as long as we were in it, it took us where our imaginations would go. Man! the places

we went in that airplane! We flew over Germany. We flew over Egypt. We flew around the

world and saw all kinds of things. My artist's mind was already at work. I tried to express this in

my sculpture of two boys in the airplane, which I did after I had composed the poem. And I

knew that there were other things that I had to say.

WHERE DO YOU GET IDEAS?

I continue to draw heavily on environment, memories, childhood, objects, and people familiar to me. There is so much to say about real things. I often use a child in my work. To me a child

is a symbol of potential growth and development—an eternal symbol. When you look at a child, you

sense immediately an awareness of potential.

Coming back to Alpine after my study has been somewhat of a reversion to childhood—no, not

a reversion, but a progression into childhood again, where, as I look out the window here, for example, I see things that are familiar to me and that stand for a lot of lessons I've learned in life.

Sagebrush that I jumped over as a child... trees that marked the changing of the seasons...

cliffs that I dreamed I could fly from. I can remember how I felt in other days, other times, and

I wonder about other people's feelings. For instance, I am writing in verse a history of my grandfather. His mother came to this country from Denmark, and I wonder how she felt about leaving,

about what was ahead. She couldn't see to where I am now, but my entire life is affected by her

decisions of a hundred years ago.

These things are very poignant to me, the kinds of things I want to express in my work. I get

images of such things, and the images become poetry and then sculpture. It doesn't, finally, make

any difference when you look at the finished piece of sculpture whether it was my grandmother it is someone who related to your own situation,or someone else—you are aware immediately that

out of your past, into what you are now.

WHERE DO YOU WORK?

My studio is an old chicken coop behind my dad's place—my childhood home. As a kid I used

to milk the cow in here. When I returned from Denmark, I had to have a place to work. Dad was

pleased to have me fix up the old coop. So I laid a brick floor, gathered my materials and equipment, and went to work.

I took logs from my greatgrandfather's old log cabin, which Mother had preserved, and used them to support one of my work benches. I used an old Indian grindstone that my grandfather

dug up out of a field when he was plowing. As I look at it, I am drawn to the people that ground

corn in it a. hundred years ago—and to my grandfather as well. What must he have felt in the

field that day, as he plowed? I have used old replaced headstones found in the dump behind the

cemetery. One is a headstone of a man born in Wales. I span the years in my mind as I look at

it and wonder what the people were like who went down to see him off at the ship. Why did he

leave? What was he like? What can I learn from him? I want to express this continuity of life

to others in my sculpture.

HOW DO YOU BEGIN A WORK?

I use poetry a lot, and some drawings as preliminary work. I sort of probe into what I am

actually trying to say, and then when I've got this out in front of me—written in verse or drawn

Jg*T

I

.0mw.<KBfc-f:i'wiiWWfc.

An interview with Dennis Smith

I can see what I am trying to do. Then I put it into a more concrete image, which sculpture is.

Sculpture is a moment. Sculpture and painting are different, just as a poem and a short story are

different. Poetry is closer to sculpture because it is a brief statement, whereas when you get into

a novel you become very involved, as with a large painting. I use a lot of materials familiar to

daily egg beaters, bolts, etc.—as well as clay itself, to weld into sculpture. life—pipe,

WHAT ABOUT TALENT AS A GIFT?

I definitely feel that we are all born with gifts, but they're different types of gifts. We are responsible for the talents we have, to find them and increase them. Part of my purpose in life is to

do what I can with the talents I have received. Maybe in the next life I'll have different talents. We

can't learn everything at the same time. But what we settle on, what seems important now, we

should cultivate.

Too many of us lose our creative impulse as we grow older. A person should not be satisfied

to be satisfied. Growth and progression—eternal progression—is an everevolving thing. I think

it's exciting to look forward to the development of ourselves and finding answers to things about life that we don't know. That's why three men went around the moon. Man should not be satisfied to stay where he is. That's man's nature. That's what sets him apart from animals.

I want to add that I think we should pray about our talents. I pray a lot about my work. I

feel that I have an obligation, that my art is almost a stewardship. A real artist must be inspired

beyond his own ability. I work hard for what I get done, but I can't give myself all the credit

for the results.

I've asked myself this question many times, and there are many answers, I suppose, but basically the answer that keeps coming back to me is to be able to uplift mankind. What is the purpose

of life and our existence here on earth? It's to uplift, to help each other. It isn't enough for an

artist to say just anything in an aesthetic manner or to be merely decorative. I think of Francisco

Goya's "Disasters of War"prints, which he did in the 1700's. They were done at a time when there

was great turmoil, and the prints themselves are very gory. But they are beautiful because Goya

was trying to express something—man's inhumanity to man—and in so doing was able to suggest what men ought to be. And he did it with great skill, of course.

Art doesn't have to always carry a message, but it ought to lift man's soul with its beauty or skill.

WHAT ABOUT ART, YOUTH, AND PROTESTS?

We talk about the revolution in the schools and colleges. I sympathize with many of the things

that these revolutionaries are feeling. They are unsatisfied with society because it hasn't answered

many of the basic needs and questions young people have. But I don't think their way is the

answer. They lose too much, accomplish too little. It's like beating their heads against a wall.

Our society has given us a lot to work with... wonderful inventions, industrialization, better

tools with which to express our thoughts and develop our skills. It has given us ways to satisfy

our drive for physical comfort and to increase our knowledge. But we haven't learned to uplift

each other and to get along.

IS THERE AN ANSWER?

I feel that our society—the Mormon society—has the answers in the full gospel of Jesus Christ.

Therefore, it leaves us a responsibility, doesn't it? As a Mormon artist I feel this very greatly.

I feel that in the near future there are going to be great demands upon the Mormon artist, upon the

Mormon writer, dramatist, musician, thinker. And it's the young people who must be prepared

to answer the significant questions. Youth must have ideals. I am convinced a person can do

exactly what he wants to. I know this. I can see it as I begin to get a foothold on this thing that

seemed so intangible for a time—to be a sculptor. Having an ideal, setting a goal, and working toward it to lift mankind are very important.

J0m:;

ijjllji / HIf*pRj(i /IPKilt. w -, % X %/ '*

.:........

. "w *'

: BR"* - >* PP:; "f

.: -- ". -

w yw--. J:. * --..,v.:.., r-.::..s.

g|3Sr - --'v***jiriii: - -

:"'": Jjf:: =* v:v li:.::: 'W "-, ->

1. -""H Kg". '; f;

All green and smelling dry, and ready for the piling.

And you—lift your legs.

Lift your legs and throw them till your feet no longer touch the dust they make, and breath comes hard, and your skirts—

flapping flags behind you in the pasture air.

It is a happy fear which throws you forward through the fields toward the hay rig and the team.

For Mother's taken sick at last.

And Father must be gotten.

And in the August evening as the warmth of outer doors recedes and gathers in the yelloiv windows, a sound of new is made.

And there is life brought forth again, come forth to live and carry on, to warm the softwashed blankets and to grow to other things.

And the title is given:

Jefferson—Conrad Jefferson.

from the man Poems Run, Karen Etta Christina with the respect and mustache and Sculpture of a bishop. Run, Karen Etta Christina. Conrad—

by Dennis Smith Lift your braids from a family in the next town and run. with the surname Mother liked

of Conrad.

Away from the house, run.

And the feet he wears To the fields, run. are soft

and warm From Mother. and tender—

yet unworn.

To Father.

He, to be, For he is working in the August fields, although they had no way to know,

And there is hay to get, the youngest born.

38 Era of Youth This Way Before

The sandy banks full of sand became the places and reconnection where we'd run with the earth.

and hurl ourselves out over It seems somehow tenfoot edges that I have flown through the air this ivay before for few still seconds somewhere—

till we'd land but better in billows than with reconnection.

Past Fourteen

Out on the hill clear, full of spite out on the hill

I stand sometimes, and face the winded sky and hold a conflict and ivon't admit and hold a conference with the tvorld, that I'm afraid with the world

Not knowing of coming stuff. and tell the air and earth

that the life is mine I sense to breathe, And so that I'm aware and ivhere I step to find a clue

I do the stepping to being more 'of being all alone all alone. than all alone, out on the hill,

I stand I stand but not alone.

February 1969 39 Concentration

In one of the laboratories in Washington there is a great sun glass that measures three feet across. It is like the "burning glasses"we used

to treasure when we were boys, only much larger. This great glass

gathers the rays of the sun that strike its flat surface and focuses them in a single point in space a few feet below. That single

spot is hotter than a blow torch. It will melt through a steel

plate as easily as a redhot needle burns through paper.

This terrific heat—it cannot be measured, for it melts

all instruments—is just three feet of ordinary sunshine concentrated on a single point. Scattered,

these rays are hardly felt, perhaps just pleasantly warm; concentrated, they melt adamant.

The same principle applies to human endeavor. Scattered, a man's energies do not

amount to much. Once they are focused

on the task at hand, seemingly tremendous difficulties melt like snow a hot stone. Get the habit of concentrating when you start to

do a thing: throw on all the

steam you have and focus every energy on the task at hand. Remember that three feet

of sunshine concentrated will burn through any thing.T

40 Era of Youth (H*** S Rife - jf lip Getting

f %W To jr'Wpr\

Lynette Lewis of Emporia, Know Kansas, in addition to being an honor student at Emporia Pam Miller of Rexburg, Idaho,

High School, has been an achas had six years of perfect You

Data prepared by tive member and is currently attendance at all of her

Melinda Bauer president of the 4-H Club, church meetings and has and is representing Wichita Quinn Phillips of Twin Falls, earned all of her MIA class

Stake as a pianist at a triIdaho, was awarded an $800 awards. She was graduated

stake youth conference. She

scholarship to Columbia Unifrom Madison High School teaches Sunday School and is versity to participate in a sixwith high honors and was the

MIA organist in her branch.

week session for study in editor of her high school yearphysical chemistry. He was book. Pam was also graduone of 25 national recipients ated from Rexburg Seminary

and is currently a senior at and is presently attending

Twin Falls High School. Ricks College.

"I think everyone enjoys school more if they participate in the provided programs,"was a comment of

Susan Wittorf of Pacific PaliAlma Diane Witham of Los Jim Terry, a priest in the Big sades, California, upon receivAngeles, California, has told Bear Branch, San Bernardino ing the Revere Recognition how the influence of her home (California) Stake, the only

Award. She was chosen for helped her to win the CaliLatter-day Saint in his school,

outstanding accomplishment fornia Homemaker of Tomorhas been elected student body in leadership, scholarship, row contest and a $1,500.00 president of Big Bear High

citizenship, and service. Susan scholarship from General School. He is on the honor

gives the credit for her Mills. She is currently enroll and has lettered in three

accomplishments to Church rolled at UCLA under a state sports. Jim plans to serve a

leaders, for the standards they scholarship as a mathematics mission for the Church after have set, and to her family. and psychology major. graduation from high school.

February 1969 41 Illustrated by Dale Kilbourn

Era of Youth By Fran Garten

Miss American Teenager

I am very grateful for the opportunity to tell don't smoke. They are a big part of my life, and

my reasons for deciding not to start smoking I know cigarettes would cut my wind and slow up cigarettes. I ivas never tempted to smoke, not my game. This is only one effect of smoking.

because I was afraid that it would anger my par- I've already told you the final effect, the very ents, but because of something that happened to final one.

me. Whether you smoke or not, let me tell you Science is one of the forces today that we young

my story, and then draw your own conclusions: people are very aware of, and scientists have

I once thought I would like to become a nurse, proved that cigarettes cause cancer, among other so two years ago I worked as a junior nurse's diseases. I saw an American Cancer Society movie

aide at our local hospital. It seemed a good idea at school that showed what smoking does to difto see if I would be able to cope ivith some of the ferent parts of the body. There is just no room

situations a nurse has to handle in her work. I to dodge the cold facts anymore.

found it very rewarding. One experience during And there are a lot of other facts in our world

that period I can never forget. that can't be dodged. I've done some volunteer

The first week I was assigned to a floor where work with the underprivileged, and also with patients came for different kinds of treatments. I handicapped children, so I do know a little about

met one very pleasant lady there. We talked quite life's injustices firsthand. Like many teenagers in

often, but she never said ivhat was wrong ivith this country, I'd like to try to do something about her, and I didn't ask. But I wondered about it. these things. I plan to become a physical therapist

She seemed perfectly healthy to me. Because I was in college and, hopefully, to join the Peace Corps

assigned to many different floors in the hospital, after that.

I didn't see her again until the end of the summer. With all these things that I hope to accomplish,

One day my duty was on the fourth floor. I had I don't want cigarette smoking to ruin my health

been warned by my fellow aides that this floor before I get a chance to do them.

ivas the most depressing of all. The patients there So the next time someone offers you a cigarette,

were terminal cases. I walked into one of the and you want to feel as if you "belong,"or think

rooms and was very surprised to see the pleasant it will make you "sophisticated,"remember my lady I had talked with at the beginning of the story, and know that it is better to deny yourself summer. How she looked really shocked me; I that single moment of socalled glory than to deny

learned later that her appearance ivas typical yourself good health and life itself.

for a victim of lung cancer. I have some buttons with sayings that kid the

This was my own experience; I didn't read it in smoking habit. My friends and I have a great

a book or see it in a movie. I'll never forget it, time wearing them. You'd never believe how

and if ever I have even the slightest yen to start people react to them. If you would like one to

smoking, remembering that very nice person in wear yourself, or as a hint to a smoking friend, such a pitiful condition should certainly be enough write me: Fran Garten, Miss American Teenager

to squelch it. Contest, Palisades Amusement Park, Palisade,

Sports, especially tennis, are another reason I New Jersey 07024. O

February 1969 43 Editor's Note: This is based on an

Illustrated by Dale Ki/bourn Era of Youth actual incident and was a prizeivinning entry in the Era of Youth Writing Contest.

It was a strange day. A few wisps of Sidon Canal, as it was called, held the

\i white stretched across the hot blue sky future of the valley in its digging. Parched

like an omen. Through the rocks, the wind land stretched for miles and miles in every

but sang as if in reverence to that strangeness. direction. Parched, arid land—yes,

There had been many days no different add lifegiving water to it and it would than that one, yet something intangible grow almost anything. We knew this, and

made it seem different. the Big Horn Valley, Wyoming, coloniza-

I wasn't ill, though for a fleeting intion effort, inspired by the President, stant the thought crossed my mind. "Just Lorenzo Snow and Apostle A. 0. Woodlack of sleep,"I rationalized aloud. Sleep ruff, was staking its life on it.

had been evasive the night before as worry "Pull her away,"shouted one of the claimed my thoughts. The men were in boys working in the hole. The slipscrapers,

danger. Proud and defiant, the rock again in use, began scraping more bits of

towered at an angle over them. It could earth and rock from the slanting hole. The

fall without warning and crush the life work was slow and hard under the shadow from their strong, agile bodies. of the massive stone.

"Byron... Byron Sessions!"someone I knew that rock well. For several nights

called from the hole. Troubles had been I had knelt alone at its base and prayed to

plentiful from the time construction began my Father in heaven that we would find it without harm to the men. A on the canal. The ground was much harder a way to move

than we had anticipated, and our crude By moonlight, its shadow was awesome. It

tools left much to be desired. It seemed became a challenge to my faith and to that

that each new day brought many new of the Saints.

problems. In the daytime, I studied the rock care-

"What's the trouble?"fully, searching for a weakness. From a

"We're starting to hit rock about ten ledge nearby, I saw the sun glisten off it.

feet down."From a distance, it pierced the air sharply.

"Keep at it, men. Bert, you and a couple From on top, I felt the strength that held

of other fellas take the picks and hammers it fast. It was a stumbling block in my

and try to break up some of the big ones hopes, yet I was sure the Lord would profor the scrapers. The Lord is with us. vide a way to bypass it.

We'll move this rock,"I added. "Okay, men, let's take a break,"shouted

The three scrapers, somewhat in retireDave Robertson, the work boss, wiping his ment until the rock in the hole was broken brow. "Water the horses, Joe."

up, created a cloud of dust as they moved I watched as the men moved to the away. When the dust cleared, I could see shade. I hadn't known most of them until

that the hole beside the rock now exposed just a few months earlier. They had come

about twenty feet of the solid gray mass. from all walks of life around Utah. I had

If we were lucky, the hole was going to enjoyed a rather prosperous life myself weaken the rock so that a shot in its crevice as the manager, partner, and stockholder would knock it into the hole, leaving the in a large land and livestock company.

canal site free. When I received the call from President

February 1969 45

Snow to supervise the construction of the of which we stand in need, in the name of canal in the Big Horn Basin, I sold all I Jesus Christ. Amen."

could, to prepare my family to go to the I arose from my knees with tears in my valley. eyes. An intense feeling of enlightenment

So, in the year 1900, we found ourselves filled every fiber of my being. I stood for

starting from scratch in the Wyoming a moment looking at the sullen landscape wilderness. Life was a struggle in the then it struck me hard again. I ran over

valley, with no conveniences at all. Many the rise and back to the men. They had

times, as we thought of the things we had just started back to work.

left behind in the rapidly progressing state "Come back!"I shouted. "You men in

of Utah, it would have been easy to give the hole—come up here and rest!"

way to discouragement, but we remem- "But we just had a break, Brother bered the work we had been called to do, Sessions."

the love of the Lord, and the blessings to "Yes, I know. But come away! Now!"

come to this land. I knew that they thought I was giving

I stood up and looked out at the rock. them another break because of the ex-

I felt weak. Behind a small rise I found tremely warm weather and also because

a place secluded from the conversations of the horses were weak from lack of good the men. I knelt in prayer. nourishment.

"Father in heaven,"I started, "I humAs the men climbed out of the hole and bly kneel before thee to thank thee for this moved away from the rock, I stood for a fertile land and for the rich opportunity moment in unspeakable wonder at the which lies here. We, a few of thy servants, feeling in the air, in the men, in the very

strive to establish this land unto thee and ground on which I stood. It was beyond

to build a place in which thy children may description, for it was something much live in peace, raise their families, and greater than myself.

carry on thy work. We have met a barrier As the last man walked away from the

that has stopped our progress. A huge rock hole, the answer came like a bolt of lightis in the path of the canal. For several ning. Without a single charge of gun

days we have worked to move it, but it powder, without a single tap of a hammer, seems humanly impossible. Father, each without a single pull of a rope, an unusual

day we have called upon thee to guide us cracking, splitting sound cut the air. I

in this work, and we feel thy closeness. We stood in amazement. The men, wideeyed,

have faith in thee, and once again I humbly stood frozen.

ask thee to grant us this special blessing. "The Lord works in mysterious ways,"I

Please direct us in the manner by which uttered reverently. We were witnessing a

we can overcome this obstacle. I ask thee miracle, a direct answer to prayer. The

also to protect the men from harm. Help rock split in two, leaving room between

me to be ever mindful of that responsifor the canal to be built.

bility I bear in watching over them. I When all was silent and the air clear,

thank thee for the many blessings thou we knelt and gave thanks to our Father, hast bestowed upon us and ask for those in heaven. O

46 Era of Youth the desert for wilderness existence.

During this first week, a new pattern of thinking began to evolve in the students'minds.

It was a strippingdown process to simplify

During my three days alone, I received guidance by the Spirit that I might

What are your chances for never lifehaveis tooreceivedclutteredotherwisewith socalledbecause my important matters.

their lives, and the adventurers soon began toSurvival see what was really necessary. The girls, for

After 26 days of living on a Utah desert on instance, abandoned makeup; fussy people

rattlesnake stew and baked lizard, 36mile learned that sand is just as effective as a towel forced marches, and sleeping under trees or for drying wet hands. Cooking, eating, and

rocks, 26 "survivors"of a Brigham Young Unigetting situated for the coming day or night versity survival course returned to campus became such a drudgery that everyone began recently with a deeper kinshipto nature.

to see that he could do only what was most

Enrolled in a class called Youth Leadership, important.

the 16 men and ten women became modern The second week featured a dramatic 36mile pioneers, leaving civilization behind to meet hike from the base camp to Bluff, Utah. BlisMother Nature head on. tered feet were common, as was exhaustion. In

Under the direction of outdoorsman Larry

Dean Olsen, they already had been prepared for the experience by lectures, class discussions,

I again read in the Book of Mormon skill demonstrations, and films.

of the trials of Lehi and his family

With Mr. Olsen's assistant, Doris Jackson,

in the desert. My heart

was filled with compassion and understanding of their trials.

You don't know the meaning of brotherhood until you've been so hungry you've shared the roasted head of a deer with someone equally hungry.

they set up base camp in the wilderness 13 miles beyond Blanding, Utah. Each carried

only a sleeping bag, essential cooking equips &..':*?-

ment (a knife and a pot), and food packs for extended marches.

The first week was spent in getting everyone 'into condition—hiking and climbing and orientBaste

ing the novices to use the materials offered by Illustrated by Fred Van Dyke

February 1969 47 fact, two boys collapsed, and while some of the men stayed behind to hold them when their muscle spasms came, the others pushed on.

Some reached Bluff in 12 hours on empty stomachs because they refused to stop for food or sleep.

During this week, the students learned that they could do more than they thought they were able to do; all they had to do was extend themselves a little further. They learned, too, a

concern for their fellows. Everyone was just

as tired as everyone else, and yet there was still someone who needed to be helped. *5

As we started up that rainsoaked mountain

There is no waste in the desert. We the first week, I asked myself, What is

learned the importance of utilizing the land the courage to stay alive? Is it merely

around us. We made soap from finding water and shelter and

yucca roots, twine from willow bark, warmth? Or is it that foundation of

"lemonade"from squaw berries, and arrows principles which makes a man rise up and keep from reed grass. We learned to love his chin in the breeze when the

the Creator in a new way for going gets tough?

his foresight.

The biggest test came during the third week.

This was a fiveday expedition, during which they lived completely off the land. The menu

featured such delicacies as snake meat, lizard, and a roasted deer head freshly killed by a cougar.

During the fourth week, Mr. Olsen separated

his students in isolated spots in the desert country and left them alone for a threeday "solo."During this time they were free to

read, write, think, sleep, or explore the countryside. Many of them used this time for reevaluation of the experiences they had had in

the desert.

According to Mr. Olsen, the fourth week's

solo experience is the most important part of the survival course. "This is the time during

which the people no longer fight against their barren environment,"he said. "They become

part of the land in a very real way because it has sustained them, and they feel a new kinship with the forces of nature."

48 Era of Youth This is also the time when they begin to realize what they have done, and the profound impact of their accomplishment begins to

I prayed constantly that I might endure

I might resist grumbling test—andto thethatend of this particular

against fellowmen, leaders who can make mistakes, and the seeming whims of the elements.

change their thinking. As one coed reported,

"My values have been completely rearranged.

I was more superficial before, but this experience has made me realize what's really important in life."

One of the most important results of the experience is that the students learned to communicate without words. At first there was

excited chatter, but after the second week, they spoke only what was absolutely necessary.

Words became the lowest form of communication when a look, a smile, or a touch could say more.

There's no social structure out there.

This new concept of communication came

The only thing that makes you better than anybody else is if you can dig roots faster.

If you ever doubt God, just go out on the desert and live for a few days on what the land can offer and whatever about from their new understanding of the water you stumble upon. Doubt will

things around them. The wind, they said, was

disappear in a hurry.

a giant tape recorder, and whatever anyone said was recorded on the wind.

But did they really conquer the wilderness?

Boyd Bobo, an experienced camper before he left, came back with some philosophical ideas:

ki l think we met nature halfway. By conquering part of it, we conquered ourselves."

This one experience, designed to help students realize that they could extend their limits, become at once a social, psychological, intellectual, and religious experience. O

(Data compiled by Lynda R. Hinckley and Brigham

Young University News Bureau.)

February 1969 49 \v** ">

z. our Section It's for you. It's about you. A lot of

the material is by you. But here's

\\ e <c a chance for you to be even more \J r A w nvolved.We are anxious for you

** i w I 1 y—J to write, to report, to generate

gO% ideas, to illustrate and design. ir

We want to hear about your \\ achievements, your parties, your work, V your conferences and service projects.

We want to read your poetry and consider

your short stories. What questions do you want

answered? What subjects should we explore 7/i / /

fii together? Send us a letter soon, won't you?

We'll continue to make this magazine a

/ togetherness project. Address your letters

Y / to the Editors, Era of Youth, 79 South State,

Salt Lake City, Utah 84111.

l/Justrated by Dale Kilbourn

LDS BOOKS AND RECORDS

20 SAVINGS 20% OR MORE, CASH SAVINGS ON OVER 600 SELECTIONS

No minimum purchase—Your choice of items

over details at on to obtain books Catalog and records and how of all LDS 95% 20% will request: they order. sent savings be included your selections you with upon when more, cash CDCCi'i"ICK1 1

How to Find God or IN THE LAST DAYS HISCOMPREHENSIVE LIVING MEANINGFUL By Randolph L. Bills 2ION Roy Doxey Paul H. Dunn OF TORY THE CHURCH

(reg. $1.25) $1.00 (reg $3.00) $2.40 Vols. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6.

B. H. Roberts FOR BEST BOOKS LDS OUT OF THE (reg. 50) $4 each course $3.60 In the of my studies I THOUGHTSYOUTH Clark and V-4 Thomas (reg. $27.00) Set $21.60 Elizabeth ilSchoenfeld this across (reg. $2.60) beautifully $2.08 came

lustrated French passage: "Don't (reg. $2.00) $1.60 CHURCH AND THE NEGRO INDEXCOMPREHENSIVEHISTORY OF THE CHURCH

say: I do not believe in God, ON GETTING THINGS John L. Lund (reg. 53 00) $2.40

(reg. $2.50) $2.00 DONE DOCTRINE MORMON I see Say: because do not him. White Roy L. Bruce R. McConkie LDS BOOK (reg. HYMN $3.25) $2.60 look."to I (reg do not $6.95) know how $5.56 Pocket Leather—

LIFE EVERLASTING (reg $3.95) Black $3.16 DOCTRINES OF SALVADuane S. Crowther (reg $4.95) White $3.96 TION Vols 1, 2, 3.

This French passage states (reg. $4.50) $3.60 Joseph Fielding Smith

(reg $3.75) each $3.00 YEARS that because man cannot see God FIRST 2,000 (reg. $11.25) Set $9.00

Cleon Skousen W.

materially, he should not dis- (reg. $3.95) $3.16 INTRODUCTORY ARTICLES OF FAITH IN

believe in him. THIRD THOUSAND YEARS OFFER WORD ANDTempeSONGRecordStake Primary

different methods W. Cleon Skousen have We $3.00) or $2.40 more (reg. 25%

$4.76 savings cash solving for problems. One of (reg. $5.95) COMBOOK OF MORMON

these methods is the scientific FOURTH THOUSAND PENDIUM method and problemsolving YEARS W. Cleon Skousen (reg. $6.95) Sidney B. $5.56Sperry

skill; we define and state the (reg. $6.95) $5.56 PRESIDENTS OF THE DOCTRINE AND COVECHURCH NANTS COMPENDIUM ideas problem, propose promising PROPHECY

Nibley Preston Sperry Sidney B. Duane S. Crowther collect evidence for the solution, (reg. $4.95) (reg. $3.71 $5 95) $4.76 (reg. $4.50) $3.60

reading, on the problem from COMBINATION PRIESTHOOD AND TRIPLE VITAL QUOTATIONS Gold Plate -Records with controlled experiments GOVERNMENT conduct Emerson Roy West CHURCH for testing hypotheses, interpret (reg. $4.50) $3.60 (reg. $3.25) John A. Widtsoe$2.43 (reg.Book$92of50)Mormon $74.00

FOR MAN MAY only on conclusions KNOW and draw OF BOOK MORMON FASCINATING WOMANHIMSELF—Records tested evidence, basis of the and HOOD Pres. David 0. McKay Edition Gold Plate Andelin Helen B. (reg. $4.95) conapplications wise and make.50) $57 $46.00 $3.96 (reg. $5.95) $4.46 (reg.

to clusions and new problems DOCTRINE COVEAND DOCTRINE AND COVENANTS-Records hypotheses. new IS YOUTH HOW GLORIOUS NANTS COMMENTARY (reg 532.95) $26.36 Improvement Era Smith and Sjodahl methproblem-solving Another

od is the way of meditation (reg $3.50) $2.80 (reg. $4.95) $3.71—RecordsPEARL OF GREAT PRICE

FIRE REFINERS THE PROMISED OUR LAND- (reg $19 first, interested; he 95) $8.76 one becomes

Alvin R. Dyer Stories Book of Mormon

(reg. a truth; then he reads, considers $5.95) NEW TESTAMENT- $4.76 for Boys and Girls.

Records Marie M. Barton insight thinks, observes. and As LDS GAME BOOK 54495) $35.95 Special $1.40 (reg Alma Heaton (reg $225) ponbegins, meditates and he

ders and penetrates more deeply (reg. $3.95) $3.16 JESUSRecordsTHE CHRISTinto the truth through reading, (reg. $49 951 $39.96

discussion, thought, and prayer.

He achieves a clear intellectual POSTAGE vision; he understands and United States: Add 10c per $3.00 order or portion thereof for all books and records.

acquires a deeper insight until Games, Genealogical Supplies: Add 25c per $3.00 order or portion thereof.

this insight becomes a part of Alltion Foreignthereof.Countries:All records,Books:GamesAddand15c otherper-.$3.00materialorderincludingor porhim. Genealogical Supplies add $1.00 for the first $3.00 or portion of

Using these two problemorder and 35c for each additional $3.00 or portion.

solving methods, one can look into geology, meteorology, phys- )S BOOKSTORE P. 0. Box 2454 P East First Ave. Mesa, Arizona 85201 Tel: 9647061 ics, chemistry, astronomy, or 145

any science, and find God. O Offer good anywhere in the world.

February 1969 51 TheNew GIANT System in Genealogy

At the semiannual conference of the Church in October 1968, an improved system of submitting names for temple ordinance work behalf.

was introduced to Church memThe GIANT system does not take bers. This improved method, called this responsibility away from the

the GIANT (from Genealogical Saints. While the Genealogica

Information and Name Tabulation) Society will assist under its Record system, has raised several quesTabulation Program to tabulate Illustrated by Don Young tions in the minds of the Saints. individual names from parish and ing names will increase their

Some have asked if members are other registers, that work is only ability to get the work done.

no longer required to do genealogi- a beginning of the great work that The great principle underlying cal research work. They have lies ahead. The new individual the doctrine of salvation for the

hoped that the Genealogical Soentry form introduced under the living and the dead is the mutual ciety will do all the work and that GIANT system makes it possible interdependence of the fathers and the Saints need only wait until the for members of the Church to the children (ancestors and posSociety completes the tabulation assist in this tabulating program. terity) in establishing connecting

of names; then all they would have Temple ordinance work for these links between the departed fathers

to do is go to the temple to do the individuals must be performed and the living children. The diordinance work. by those who are qualified by vine plan provides that neither the

This is a misconception. In inrighteous living to do so. The subchildren nor the fathers can be

troducing the GIANT system, no sequent tabulation of these indimade perfect alone. The necessary

change was made in the doctrines viduals into families must be done union is effected through bapof the Church. The change affects by the Saints themselves. Only in tism and associated ordinances of

procedures, simplifying them so this way can they be certain that exaltation administered by the livthat names can be more readily all members have been identified ing in behalf of their kindred dead.

submitted for temple ordinance and the work done for them. The GIANT system will make

work. Research must still be done Many sources of information possible the speeding of this

by the Saints, and names so tabuwill not be covered by the GIANT work. The Saints can perform

lated must be assembled into system of tabulation. These must work for individuals as they find

families by the Saints themselves. be searched out by the Saints them without waiting to complete

The GIANT system makes this themselves and used in compilthe whole family before submitting easier, but it does not relieve one ing their families into organized the family as a group for the temof the responsibility of searching units. This must be done in order ple ordinance work to be perout his own ancestors and kindred that families on earth might be formed. Individuals must still be

dead. sealed together with the families gathered into families, and reChurch doctrine teaches that in heaven. search efforts must still be conevery Latterday Saint has the obliThe Saints throughout the tinued.

gation to identify his dead and to world are encouraged to continue The doctrine is still the same as see that the work is performed in their practice of doing genealogical revealed by the living prophets of the temple, so that all the families research work and to teach their God. Priesthood leaders need to

on earth who can be identified can children the value of the work for catch the spirit and power of their have the saving ordinances of the their kindred dead. The introducresponsibility to push this work

gospel administered in their tion of this new method of tabulatamong the members of their quo52 Improvement Era "What's so bad about drinking?""No change

has been made in Church doctrine—only * H?!

."in procedures..

You had not expected this.

You had hoped his early training would resolve such questions. But now you're

going to have a little talk.

Maybe you're his father, his teacher, or his bishop.

How do you answer him?

We can't give you the script. But we can give you

LISTEN is published by the information. It's in LISInterviews with faNarcotics Education, Inc. TEN magazine. mous people who don't

drink. abstinence It encourages rums over whom they preside.

drugs. from alcohol and True stories that

Every stake president, high council In the process it educates and even endiscourage drinking.

adviser for priesthood genealogy, tertains; but in the end it achieves its Medical reports about alcohol.

bishop, and high priests group purpose: it convinces young people. Listen News: latest facts about

leader should continue to preach LISTEN features such articles as: narcotics.

the doctrine of salvation for the dead with even more enthusiasm COUPON and confidence than they have done in the past. ONE DOLLAR OFF

The kingdom of God is growing Use this coupon* for $1.00 off the

rapidly, and there is much work regular subscription price when you order still to be done. This work of your 12month subscription:

saving the dead is the work that Regular Price: $3.50

Your Price With Coupon: $2.50

will prepare the world for the Print your name and address below and send coupon coming of the Savior. The introwith your check to: Listen, P.O. Box 562, Salt Lake City,

duction of the GIANT system for Utah 84110.

submitting names is merely a step Name forward to simplify procedures so

Address that every member of the Church can participate in the end goal of City State Zip assisting in the redemption and *Place your order now. Coupon expires February 28.

salvation of all men through Jesus

Christ, our Lord. by your

The glad message of the gospel Capture the romance SHAMED ENGLISH?

quickly Now you can overcome the emis that mankind will not only be of Hawaii with—barrassment and discouragement caused

poor English. With the new C.

can redeemed, but may also be exalted ORCHIDS you by in stop making mistakes I. English,Method

if individuals will be willing to CORSAGES—LEIS ing,buildlearnyour tovocabulary,speak and speedwrite uplikeyoura collegereadaccept Jesus Christ as their Savior TABLE CENTERPIECES graduate.your own home.TakesCostsonly little!15 minutesPays offa indayselfin

greater recognition, higher pay. and pay the price of obedience confidence,

Send for thorn today! 2 Free booklet*. necessary for exaltation. The livFlown in direct—JET FRESH (Be sure to include your zip code.)

ing Saints are partners in this Write for FREE information. Dot. 16926 555DonE. LongeBolander,St., Mundefein,CareerIINnaiiInstitute60060 %Please mail me your 2 FREE booklets on English. FLOWERS grand plan. O ISLAND

Name Street 1620 36th Address Meridian, Mississippi 39301 City.State. -ZiP53

February 1969 Kodak Kim DEVELOPING Lest We Forget SAVE?550% FAST CONVENIENT QUALITY SERVICE

COLOR

K0DAC0L0R Developing and SUPER SIZE Prints

8 Exposure Rolls:...$2.55 Save 77<

12 Exposure Rolls:.. $3.00 Save $1.48

Reprints from Negs:. $.20 ea. Save 9c

Super Size Prints are 4x4 with 50% Greater

Picture Area KODACHROME or EKTACHROME Writing

Developed into Slides or Movie Film 35 mm, 20 Mounted Slides: Paper

$1.35 Save 75?

35 mm, 36 Mounted Slides: $2.40 Save $1.00 for the

Super 8 Cartridge or 8 mm Movie Roll: $1.35 Save75f Book ofMormon

BLACK & WHITE Manuscript Developing and Jumbo Prints By Albert L. Zobell, Jr.

Research Editor 8 Exposure Rolls:.. $.85 Save 51 f

... Rolls: 12 Exposure $1.00 Save 88

testify a a people could he accomplish such How we solemnly As.. Rolls: Exposure Save $1.35 $1.45 D 20 task? that great visited the begin? the Angel Moroni Where was he to

.. Rolls: Exposure 36 $2.72 Save $2.00

Prophet Joseph Smith during the He was to learn that friends would

GENEALOGY PHOTOS Sabbath night of September 21, 1823. be raised up who would have a

Three times that night the resurrected testimony of the work, each willing

Negatives from old photos:

$.60 Save 40c being came with counsel and and able to do his share to assist him.

Prints from negatives: $.08 Save 4< instruction. There were other visits The Prophet and Oliver Cowdery

between the angel and the young met for the first time April 5, 1829.

INSTRUCTIONS: Check your order above and fill

in name and address below Wrap entire form Prophet, notably at the Hill Cumorah Two days later Oliver began to serve film around in heavy your exposed and include along with remittance duty your envelope No in September of 1824, 1825, and as scribe, penning most of the

C.O.D.'s order: please $1.00 Minimum We

full credit for 1826, until the angel delivered the Book of Mormon manuscript. pay return postage You receive

any unprintable negatives or any overpayment. gold plates of the Book of Mormon Admittedly the recorded history of

Utah residents add 31/2% State Sales Tax.

into his hands September 22, 1827. this period is sketchy. The Prophet

NAME fPLEASE PRINT) The Prophet's mother records that was living in Harmony, Pennsylvania.

'Joseph and Emma took the horse In the Documentary History of the

ADDRESS and wagon of their friend, the Church is recorded the revelation

CITY STATE ZIP senior Joseph Knight, with them to dated May 1829, now Section 11 of

Check charge if you want Film Mailer Envelopes at no bring back the plates. the Doctrine and Covenants,

The 21year-old youth had the and then the Prophet adds:

YOU MUST BE SATISFIED OR YOUR responsibility of translating that "About the same time an old

MONEY WILL BE PROMPTLY REFUNDED record, and publishing the Book of gentleman came to visit us of whose

MAIL TODAY TO Mormon to the world. name I wish to make honorable

SAM'S PHOTO LAB P.O. Box 1115, Dept. X, Salt Lake City, Utah 84110

54 Improvement Era mention—R. Joseph Knight, Sen., of

Colesville, Broome County, New York, who, having heard of the manner inwhich we were occupying our time, DelMonte very kindly and considerately brought us a quantity of provisions,in order that we might not be keeps the pits.

interrupted in the work of translation by the want of such necessaries of life...."(DHC, Vol. 1, p. 47.)

In telling his part of the story,

Brother Knight later wrote:

"... I bought a barrel of mackerel

and some lined paper for writing, and some nine or ten bushels of grain and five or six bushels of You potatoes, and I went down to see the boys, and they were in want.Joseph and Oliver had been out get the prunes.

that day to see if they could find a place to work for provisions, but they had not found any."(Manuscript of

Joseph Knight's Autobiography.) PITTH)

Think of it! The Prophet was ready PITTED

to translate from the gold plates IDellMte and to give to the world the restored 'pitted gospel, but he didn't have food for PITTED himself, his wife, and his friend

Oliver nor Cowdery, did he have PITTED to write upon. paperthe

Returning to the Prophet's statement: PITTED

"... and I would just mention

here, as in duty bound, that he [Joseph Knight] several times brought us supplies, a distance of at least thirty miles, which enabled us to You'll like the rich flavor of Del Monte Pitted continue the work when otherwise Prunes. And you'll like the array of new ideas in our

we must have relinquished it for a free recipe booklet, "A Treasury of Quick 'n Easy season."(DHC, Vol. 1, p. 47.) Dried Fruit Recipes."It's yours, if you send

Elderly Joseph Knight has been the red and yellow shield from the front of a Del Monte described as not being rich, but he Dried Fruit Package, to: Del Monte Dried Fruit Recipe

did own a farm, a gristmill, and Book Offer, P. O. Box 4044, Clinton, Iowa 52732.

carding machines, which gave him and his family not only the necessities

CHURCH*but also the comforts of life. He * * * sCHOOLhad befriended and given employment IhKrrII La Li FURNITURE

to the youthful Joseph Smith several times. He knew and believed theProphet's story. His faith moved CATALOG Folding Chairs & Tables

You be a consultant Chairs canhim to action, and he supplied - Stacking stake, Blackboards in your and have Lecterns i of paperthe to write the Book exciting career in the an Hat & Coat Racks TABLES)TABLES) field of fashion. growing Delivery! Immediate CHAIRS!CHAIRS) /i I as manuscript it wasMormon

Call or write:

translated by the Prophet of God. O Adirondack Salt2511Lake SouthCity, WestUtah Temple4873621

Points CHICAGO Shipping ANGELES—PITTSBURGHATLANTA LOS DALLAS BOSTON *

February 1969 55 The LDS Scene Golfer of the Year In Civic Office

Billy Casper of the Rex E. Layton of the

Chula Vista (California) San Pedro (California)

Ward has been named Ward has been appointed the 1968 Golfer of the Year city clerk of Los Angeles, by the U.S. Golf Writers'California. Brother

Association. Brother Layton, a Los Angeles

>m * 'ii "f IPwyjLT* Casper, top moneywinner city employee since 1946, of the year, with has held numerous over $200,000 earned appointive positions in in tournament competition, Los Angeles. As city

won six different Teacher Trainer clerk, he oversees a staff Dentistry Executive tournaments during the of 468 and is in charge year and placed high The First Presidency of records, elections, Dr. C. Gordon Watson

in nearly all others has appointed Dr. Rex A. and administration of of the Santa Monica

he entered. Skidmore as chairman of revenue ordinances. (California) Third Ward

a new teacher training has been named executive committee, which director of the will be under the direction of 110,000member American the Church Correlation Dental Association,

Committee. Brother which is headquartered

Skidmore, dean of the in Chicago. Brother

Graduate School of Social Watson, who was a

Work at the University practicing dentist for 14 of Utah and former years, has been

Monument Park Stake executive director of president, will work out the Southern California a pattern to improve Dental Association since teaching in the Church. 1964.

Tongan Mission Anniversary

President N. Eldon Tanner of the First Presidency the Tongan radio station, featured music and dance

and King Taufa'ahau Tupou IV of Tonga, right of competition, workshops, and conferences. The King

President Tanner, view some of the weeklong festivities and many Tongan governmental officials attended recently held in honor of the fiftieth anniversary the events, held at the Church's Liahona High School.

of the Tongan Mission. The activities, broadcast over Over 11,000 persons attended.

56 Improvement Era JSfWJP

Mtr.1 tt,55 I*

\..Ltcomeva', a trace loW has,01 t to

juxihavj ost

driest cu- +rped eu v '

Receives Football Award

President David 0. McKay,

believed to be the oldest former football player in the

U.S., has been awarded the it's made"1

"Distinguished American"award from the National Football Foundation and Hall of Fame.The award noted: "We honor

him for the richness of his life and his beneficent influence upon his fellowman."President

McKay played guard on the 1894

University of Utah football team.

Middleweight Contender

Don Fullmer, MIA Explorer leader in the South Jordan (Utah) e jalt fake

Third recently lost a Ward, decision15round to puts the world at Benvenuti,Nino world middleweight boxing champion, in a match held at San Remo, Italy.

Brother Fullmer is a brother of Gene Fullmer, a former world middleweight boxing champion.

February 1969 57 TheLDS Scene (Continued j

Richard L. Evans

The Spoken Word

Everything counts in the long run"

is a phrase from somewhere: "EverythingThere

in run."the long counts This applies to all that

goes into the making of a life, the influences, decisions, examples, from earliest years. "Everything

counts in the long run,"and the record matters very Regional Representatives much. People build their confidence in usor lack of The First Presidency has appointed two new

it—by how our words square with the facts. If what Regional Representatives of the Council of the

we say proves to be true, it increases the confidence Twelve: James E. Faust, assigned to the

of others in us. If what we say proves false, or partly Dallas (Texas) Region, and Hugh W. Pinnock, assigned

so, it diminishes the confidence of others in us. If

we pretend to be something we aren't, or take credit to the new Tacoma (Washington) Region. Elder Faust has been president of Cottonwood Stake

for what this ultimately done, we haven't becomes since 1964; he and his wife, Ruth, are the

trail There known. of erasing the is no way of life,

no way of going back and obliterating the impresparents of five children. Elder Pinnock

has been bishop of the Winder (Salt Lake City) sions and misimpressions we may have left in many places. People may believe in our repentance; they Ward, and he and his wife, Ann, are also

may forgive us; they may be lenient and charitable parents of five children.

-but our lives are the composite of what we have thought and done and said, all of which ought to square with the facts, whatever they are. "Everything

counts in the long run."Our record of meeting obligations, our record in school, at work, at home, with

friends and family; our record of honor and honesty,

of dependability, of cleanliness and truthfulnessall add up to the total of what we are. And whatever we are, others will ultimately know. Every position we acquire, every opportunity that opens, sooner

or later depends upon some person's impression or appraisal of us—and upon what we are. Sooner or

later the true and the false face each other in record that is written in the minds and opinions and impressions of other people—and within ourselves. Sooner Elementary School Group President

or later the truth or untruth becomes apparent. "If it

s not right,"said Marcus Aurelius, "do not do it; President Andrew J. Mitchell, first counselor

f it is not true, do not say it,"1 "Everything counts in the Lake Mead (Nevada) Stake presidency, has n the long run."been elected president of the National

Elementary School Principal's Association, a division 'Marcus -\urcli uv Meditations, Bk. xii mv I"of the National Education Association. President

*"The Spoken Word"from Mitchell shares education honors with his wife:

Temple Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia Broadcasting she is president of the Nevada State

Svstem December I, l%8. Copvihi |'hm

Association of Classroom Teachers.

58 Improvement Era "Some Fundamental Beliefs..."I especially enjoyed the beautiful paintof the Era has most articles some Your November faith, repentance, on bapand

paintings. I can Buffs and wonderful ings by Robert Skemp illustrating the truly remark paintings tism. The by Ken Riley wenthat I didn't they are beautiful. realize also exceptional. inspirais an The Era Rebuffs that the tion, played such an important hands issue. and I look forward to each

part.... I think without hands, withShirley Haylette

out their extension to persons not of our Boise, Idaho faith, the work of the Lord could not "The Strong Arm..."progress. There ought to be a picture in

Church magazines of a drawing of hands Missionary tool

It was indeed a very humbling and thrillbeing extended to everyone. You can

ing experience to read the article in the tell the feeling of a person in a handYou have no idea how much the Era

November Era about my life ["The shake. You can tell if he is warm and helps the people here in the Chilean MisStrong Arm of Courage"]. I must admit inviting or cool and evasive by the claspsion grasp a vision of real gospel living. I

I feel very inadequate for the honor paid ing of the hand. How often we miss the know that other missionaries here share

me. There are many people who I feel opportunity to help someone open the my feelings in expressing to you the fact

are far more deserving than I. I want yon door to the gospel by just extending a that the Era is one of our greatest misto know that the credit for my achievehand! To me there is nothing so friendly sionary tools, especially since we do not

ments certainly does not belong to me as a handshake, The hands in the paintalways have a good radio handy to listen but to my maindear friends and Joyed ings of the November Era are so meanto general conference. Your reproduction

OTies who kept helping and assisting me ingful. These pictures are going to be of conference talks adds tremendous

in whatever I undertook to do. I think put in our family room, to remind us of dimension to our testimonies and in many

of my beloved parents, who would never the need to extend our hands to help eases provides answers to our prayers for allow me to say, "I can't do it."If my further the gospel of our Lord. help which we need in carrying the glad

accomplishments will provide a spark for Mrs. Mary Cluff tidings of the gospel to the people here

just one young man or young woman to Thatcher, Arizona in Chile. We do not receive the Era

achieve selfrespect and in turn the love until six months after it has come out in of God and love for God, then I am Just wanted to compliment you on your the United States, but when it does come, certainly well paid. Again, thanks so choice of paintings by Robert Skemp in we put it to practical use.

much. the November issue. They are excellent. Elder Gary H. Horton

George E. Bushy Ray Robinson Aconcagua District

Palmdale, California Richmond, California Chilean Mission

VITAMINS

A MISSION PAK FOR YOUR MISSIONARY AT A SAVINGS

FAMILYPAK multiple vitamins A MISSIONPAK FOR YOUR and minerals are now available at MISSIONARY low, low prices for storage and The IDEAL GIFT for the Missionary is family use. the MISSIONPAK. Why is the MISgift ideal the for the SIONPAKFAMILY-PAK is sold by a regisMissionary? Because designed it was

tered to at unpharmacist you by a registered pharmacist who found SECAP0believable savings. FAMILYThe that the three purmost commonly

PAK formula is normally sold for chased items by the missionary are $17.90 or more for 1000 tablets. vitamins, a foot lotion to prevent and

1000 500 200 treat athlete's foot, and pure virgin

Tablets Tablets Tablets olive oil.

only only only $12.49 $6.69 $2.79 The MISSIONPAK is beautifully packaged with unbreakable containers

and ideally suited for mailing anywhere.

MISSIONPAK CO. The MISSIONPAK contains a sufThe MISSIONPAK contains a good

Box 11274 is medication. a SECAPED ficient tablets) of foot supplyS.L.C., Utah (1000

.., Drying Medicated Lotion for the

multiplePlease send FAMILYPAK vitamins with... m.nerals to last, the.. feet S ECAPED formulated was free. postagevitamin and minerals

Included is money order or check for entire mission. with the missionary in mind.

Tablets $12.49 1000 also MISSIONPAK Q The Please send the MISSIONPAK, postage free, to: 6.69 500 Tablets $ contains a small drop200 Tablets $ 2.79 per bottle that contains Name:

Address:Name... Virgin1/2 fluidOliveounceOil. of Pure

Address The Missionary will apCity:

preciate MISSIONPAK; State: Zip Code:

City practical, State.... Zip. necessary, Country:

available. Included is my check or money order for: $13.88

February 1969 59

s: K:: hr-,

Baptism in the CuaViet

By Rulon Van Orden Rees, as told to Chaplain T. R. Pocock

second question, "Do you want to know more?"His affirmative an- (Sixteen years ago Brother Bees joined the navy. He left Lewiston,

swer led to the following chain of

Utah, to get away from family, school, and the Church. Even though

revents he had been a member of the Church all his life, it teas in the navy

We, the members of the Dong that he ivas actually converted to the gospel. Within the past year in Ha LDS servicemen's group, inVietnam, Brother Bees was promoted to chief, which is a milestone for

cluding me, two returned missionenlisted men in the navy. He has been the LDS servicemen's group

aires, and about six other stalwart leader during the seige in Khe Sanh. Later he was reassigned to Dong

members of the Church, taughtHa Combat Base. He is a navy Seabee. Let me tell his story as it was Johnny Ray Large the gospel,related to me.—Chaplain Pocock.)

teaching him by word of mouth, by testimony, by example, by love.

Dong Ha, Quang Tri Provence, ing that was in evidence in Khe Within a week he had read the

Republic of South Vietnam, May Sanh. Book of Mormon, A Marvelous

1968—One day at Dong Ha Combat As I was reading, two young SeaWork and a Wonder, and Meet the

Base I was reading the Book of bees walked in. "What are you Mormons. He read and accepted

Mormon, waiting for the few rereading?"they asked. all of the pamphlets that we had

maining days to pass. In 20 days I I mentioned that it was the Book obtained from the previous Northwould be leaving Vietnam and of Mormon. ern District conference in Da Nang.

would be back with my wife and Johnny commented that he had He was impressed with the way the children. It had been an eventful, several buddies who were Morgospel was part of our daily lives.

wonderful, lonely year of separamons. Dave, having another obliHe enjoyed the companionship of

tion. Having been in Khe Sanh gation, left the room. our group, and he could feel the

during the TET offensive, I felt Remembering the statement love that radiated when we were good to be in a different area. We "Every member a missionary,"I together. He could understand the

were still being hit almost daily asked Johnny, "What do you know gospel by our clean living.

with rockets and mortars in Dong about the Mormon Church?"When We taught him the sixlesson disHa; yet it wasn't the intense beathe answered, I proceeded to the cussions, and he read the service60 Improvement Era

FOR OLDFASHIONED HEALTHGIVING GOODNESS men's book entitled Principles of the Gospel He had a strong desire "CORONA"to be a member of the Church. GRAIN MILL

We called Chaplain Pocock in forwheat,use corn,with nuts,

DaNang and asked for his peretc.for fineEasilyor adjustscoarse

grinding. Newmission to baptize Johnny. We had

mill with 1 finerCTSP model to shout over the phone to make grinding plates $10.95

ourselves heard. As soon as he told postpaid.Rockies addEast$1.00of

Finer grindingus what information was required postage.

plates for old 1and gave his approval, the phone mill $1.95 set postpaid.C

went dead. Coincidence? It couldn't Add"Special"3V2% quantitysales taxpricesin Utahto church groups.

have been; I've seen too many

HOME SIZE STONE GROUNDsuch "coincidences"in Khe Sanh FLOUR MILLS and Dong Ha.

On Saturday, May 11, 1968, at about 5 p.m., we donned our helmets and flack vests, and with our

M-16s in hand, we left the compound for the Cua Viet River.

Two boats—both LSUs, one army

and one navy—were on either side

of the unloading ramp. Both LSUs "Where the World

were filled with a combination of Registers"fuel and ammunition. I took Johnny

into the waters of the Cua Viet and Grind your own flour!... Eat your climateYour nextcapitaltrip to ofDenverAmerica——the

All with health better to an perhaps the way whatperformed was Grain will most be memorable when mill. prices! at flour low new Now Viet River, in thefirst baptism Cua AllGrain mill stay with at the every Free you Corona Brown Palace.

to mill the first sold. Write now for more inforpossibly such baptism

air conditioned rooms 600 mation. miles seven withinbe performed suites executive rooms and

of the demilitarized zone, and perSend orders to: five famous restaurants

haps even the first baptism in the SMfTHFIELD IMPLEMENT CO. complete convention

Northern Province of Quang Tri. 99 N. Main Smithfield, Utah 84335 accommodations

It was hard to imagine that just two days before, the ramp had been To expedite your reply, write Dept. IE PROTECT

the scene of heavy fighting—signs your copies of

of mortar and rocket damage were THE IMPROVEMENT ERA KARL W. MEHLMANN, General Manager

still very evident—and just the with an Represented by:

evening before, sniper fire was reERA BINDER 11:l ROBERT F. WARNER

City York New $2.50 stationed on the thoseceived by Era Improvement The W. GLENN FAWCETT

State Street South Los Angeles else could But whereLSUs. City, we Salt79 Utah Lake 84111

have gone? This was the only water

around.

The following day, in our sacrament meeting in the Dong Ha COX'S DELICOUS

Combat Base chapel, Johnny Ray CreamedMoney PROTECT

Large was confirmed a member of one of the best in the U.S. your copies of

The Church of Jesus Christ of THE

Latterday Saints. We ordained IMPROVEMENT

him a deacon during the priesthood GIFT BOXES A SPECIALTY ERA portion of our meeting. As we bore Sweeten every day by using with an

the Honey famous truthfulness to the—testimoniesour BINDER

its flavor quality ERA and to our for gospel, tearsof the came $2.50

Era Improvement Theeyes and to Johnny's eyes as well.

State Street South (Write for 79

The Church is true! O LET

US HONEY YOUR COXFreeHONEYBrochure)FARMS Salt Lake City, Utah 84111

Shelley, Idaho 83274

February 1969 61 Genevieve Van Wagenen of the East

Stratford (Salt Lake City) Ward is a "happy wife, mother, and homemaker,"who long ago learned the value of good communications.

# The telephone repair man rang "No, I don't think so,"he an- a distress signal?"I asked. "What a

my doorbell. It was a disagreeable, swered. blessing that you fellows check up

stormy day, but his disposition was "What will you do?"I queried, and investigate. You not only get

sunny, as he greeted me with a thinking how embarrassed I would the receiver back in place and happyto-serveyou smile. be if it were my phone. clear the circuit so communications

Setting to work, he replaced the "If they are home, I replace the can flow normally—you are lifedefective cord on the phone, made received. If they are not at home, I savers, too."

the other necessary repairs, and disconnect the phone on the outAfter the repair man had gone, checked the extensions to make sure side."Then he added, "Generally, I thought how important it is to

they were functioning properly. I try to see if anyone is ill or inhave good communications and

When finished, he gathered the capacitated. Occasionally we find proper connections, everything in

small wire clippings and paper that someone has had a heart place and working—with someone

wrappings together, brushed up attack or stroke. If I can find no to check, if they are not.

tiny particles of waste, and left one, I leave a note on the door I thought of the gospel and how his working area spickand-span. knob, advising the resident that anman is to live by every word that

Then, after recording the repairs other telephone serviceman will comes from the mouth of God. This

in his service book, he dialed his visit them soon."means communications—good comcompany and reported the work "What do you do if you find munications—modern and upto-

done. This call was standard prosomeone incapacitated?"I asked. date, with proper connections and

cedure, I knew, but I wondered "I usually get a neighbor, investifunctioning receivers.

why he had to phone. gate, and call an ambulance. Just Our Church is a great communi-

I was glad I asked, for I saw recently I saw a man's legs procation center, a complex, yet simple another side of the repair man—the truding through a doorway. He system. We have numerous and

human side. "We have a fourhour had suffered a heart attack. He remarkable installations throughout

residential service,"he said, "and was alone, helpless, and in great the world: a whole network of

a twohour business. By calling in, agony. He would have died withstake, ward, branch, and auxiliary

I receive the latest orders. I just out immediate attention. We've lines.

received an order to go check a saved a number of lives when anAnd we have trouble shooters phone off the hook."swering the report of a phone off and repair men always on call.

"Someone is taking a peaceful the hook,"he said modestly. I thought about the inactive

nap,"I said. "So a phone off the hook is often member. His communication sys62 Improvement Era

Richard L. Evans

The Spoken Word

The silent wars within

reading world history/'wrote Harlan House, "we are impressed

Inby the exploits of daring men leading mighty armies and conquering

Church inactivity great nations. Yet how often do we consider the magnitude of those

may be a distress silenthimself.wars..,"xthatIt isragethosewithinsilentthewarsindividualthat ragein withinhis campaignthat are tothe mastercause

of much concern. It is the war within that often weakens and wears us

signal—a phone away. True, there are outside struggles, physical obstacles, unfriendly

environments, contentions with others—but the effect upon us even of

off the hook these comes partly from our inward attitudes. There too often is within

us the battle of jealousy, envy, resentment; the feeling of wanting to

cut someone down to size, our size perhaps. There is the silent devBy Genevieve Van Wagenen astating inner war when we burden ourselves with wrongdoing, with

the weight and friction of an unquiet conscience. There is the war of

tem is out of order; he is like a stubbornness, rebellion against counsel, against even the most reasonperson with his phone off the hook. able restraint. There is the silent inside struggle that tells us we are

Perhaps his inactivity is a distress doing more than our fair share. There is the silent war within that

signal. Could it be he reached out cannot reconcile itself with sorrow, the loss of loved ones, with irrefor help and failed? (Most inacvocable, unchangeable events. These silent inner struggles deep in the

tives claim they have been hurt or human heart may be more devastating than all the wars on all the injured. ) Will help arrive in time? battlefields of history, impairing as they do the peace, the health, the

Or will he be allowed to lie inachappiness of countless people—the inner wars that know no time or

tive, to get colder and colder, beseason, and rage against an enemy unseen. "Who hath a harder battle

come stiff, rigid, and immovable? to fight,"asked Thomas a Kempis, "than he who striveth for self-

... Oh, if thou knewest what peace to thyself thy holy life Not if the home teachers and the mastery?

thinketh to others, thou to thyself, should bring and what joy me visiting are teachers Society Relief..."2 profit. for spiritual Blessed is he zealous wouldst be more who are the trouble toes. Theyon their

has conquered envy, appetites, the warring inner enemy. Blessed is

shooters—the "checkeruppers"of

he who has made his peace and found composure and a quiet conthe ward. It is their job to get that

receiver back in place, as soon as science, and surcease from the silent struggles within the human heart.

possible, so communications can go 'Harlan House, "The Conquest of Habit,"The Improvement Era, September 1966.

through. It's their duty to send 2Thomas a Kempis, The Imitation of Christ, Book I, ch. iii.

*"The Spoken Word"from Temple Square, that emergency call for help, to presented over KSt and the Columbia Broadcasting System November 17, 1968. Copyright 1%8.

render assistance and brotherly love. Let's hope, too, that they take Inner Peace

the precaution of looking with love

Lorence W. Martineau

and understanding through the windows of the soul and discoverToday I haven't moved the world But all this day, praise be to God, ing its needs. With any new invention; My thoughts have I succeeded Remember, one phone out of I've built no towering monument, In keeping pure as morning dew—

ill have I conceded. order or off the hook affects the Attracted no attention. No

whole system. By the same rule, I've organized no government And so, tonight, my mind is calm

one inactive member may also have No armies have defeated; As yonder verdant pastures,

an adverse effect on the entire No story of a fortune made And worry, fear, and human strife,

Church. O Have I this day repeated. This day are not my masters.

February 1969 63 TheUnknownAbraham

A New Look at The Pearl of Great Price

Part 7 (Continued)

By Dr. Hugh Nibley

Abraham's particular objections, according to the went wild. 64 It is not a pretty picture. Indeed, Albright

Pearl of Great Price account, were to idolatry and finds the picture in Egypt shortly after this time human sacrifice, which went together in the system, "singularly repulsive.... Ritual prostitution... was

"... offering up their children unto their dumb idols, rampant.... Snake worship and human sacrifice

and hearkened not unto my voice, but endeavored to were rife."64

take away my life...."(Abr. 1:7.) According to the Abraham's two attacks on the idols are both very

traditions, "in the days of Terah the people began to well attested in the documents. In one story the hero

sacrifice their children to the Devils and to worship at the age of 10 or 12 or 20 or 40 or 50 or 60 goes images."60 In one account Abraham sees a vision of forth to sell the idols that his father and brother have

human sacrifice on an altar and receives the surprismade, in order to help out the stringent finances of ing explanation: "This is God's temple, but the image the family; in discussing things with his customers,

in it is my wrath against the people who sprung from he points out to them the folly of worshiping "dumb me, and the officiating priest is he who allures people idols"made by men and ends up converting some of to murderous sacrifices."61 The episode might almost them and even dragging the idols in the dirt. 65 In

be illustrated by our own Facsimile 1. It was in the the other story Abraham arises by night and burns all

days of Serug, Abraham's greatgrandfather, that the the idols in the shop, and even the house and family!

people "began to look upon the stars, and began to This, according to some, was when the lukewarm prognosticate by them and to make divination, and Nahor, the brother of Abraham, who had announced to make their sons and daughters pass through the that he would wait to see who came out on top in fires."6 - So here they were, as the Book of Abraham the struggle between Abraham and Nimrod and dereports, "offering up their children unto their dumb clare his allegiance to the winner, was burned to

idols (Abr. 1:7), with Abraham protesting and thereby death trying to put out the fire. 66 But the most comgetting himself into serious trouble. Nimrod's sacrimon version has Abraham plead sickness when the

fice of 70,000 babies may well be an echo of the family goes off to the great festival at Nimrod's palace;

practice, and have nothing to do with the story of and being left behind and finding himself alone with

Herod. the idols, he destroys them. Terah on his return is

A recent study of J. G. Fervier quotes an anenraged, and Nimrod even more so when he learns

cient source describing how the sacrificing was carwhat has happened; but Abraham answers all quesried out, and traces the survival of the atrocious tions by insisting that the idols fought among thempractices among Semitic peoples right down to the selves and destroyed each other—if the objection to

end of the ancient world. Indeed, there has been that is that the idea is impossible and absurd, then

considerable discussion in recent years as to whether Abraham's accusers have called the idols helpless with the sacrifice of Isaac is not itself clear evidence of a their own mouths. 67 This is the sort of clever Aggadah

custom of human sacrifice prevailing in Abraham's that the schoolmen love; in one tradition Abraham

time, a custom to which he put an end. 63 As the rite goes right into the national shrine and smashes

is described in the Fervier document, the parents idols; 68 the soberest version is that of Maimonides,

would "hand the child to a priest who would dispatch that Abraham when he was 40 "began to refute the it in a mystic manner, i.e. according to a special rite; inhabitants of Ur of the Chaldees.... He broke the

after the child had passed down the length of a special images and commenced to instruct the people. When

trench... then he placed the victim on the extended he had prevailed over them with arguments, the king

hands of the divine statue, from which it rolled into sought to slay him. He was miraculously saved and

a brazier to be consumed by fire,"while the crowd emigrated to Haran."69 The stories of selling the idols

64 Improvement Era or smashing them in the shop or the shrine may be they were killed upon this altar, and it was done after regarded as aetological tales (Aggadah), explaining the manner of the Egyptians"(Abr. 1:11); accordhow it was that Abraham came to argue with the ingly "the priests laid violence upon me, that they

people, and how he finally came to his dramatic might slay me also, as they did those virgins upon this confrontation with Nimrod. Everything leads up to altar...."(Abr. 1:12.) The three virgins, we are

that. assured, were "of the royal descent directly from the

At first Nimrod tried to silence Abraham by locking loins of Ham... and it was done after the manner of

him up in prison to starve to death. There Gabriel the Egyptians."(Abr. 1:11.) It is necessary to specify

sustained him for ten days, or an entire year—or for this last point repeatedly, because the drama is unfoldthree years or seven or ten. 70 Maimonides says that ing not in Egypt but in Canaan, and indeed the parAbraham continued to combat false doctrine while in ticular rites we are discussing seem to have been

prison, so that the king finally had to banish him to common to Egypt and Syria if not the whole Near

Syria after confiscating all his property. 71 But the East. 7:i What rites? Rites in which young women were

usual story is that Abraham was taken out of prison obviously supposed to act as hierodules.

One of the oldest Abraham sources reports that it was Nimrod's courtesans who persuaded him to get the best of Abraham by inviting him to attend a great yearfeast that the king and his court were wont to celebrate in the territory of KouthaRya, but that Abraham refused to come, pleading sickness. 74

This gives us the larger ritual setting of the drama—

the now wellknown yearrites in which we are on m&mmmiMM more or less familiar ground. Then while Abraham

was in prison for his recalcitrance, the courtesans and the court again met for the yearfeast, and this time they advised Nimrod to make a sacrifice of Abraham by throwing him into an immense brazier. 71 It is inumsmmmmM

teresting that in the Egyptian royal rites it is the lady and courtesan Hathor who advises the king to sacrifice his enemies: As the throat of the victim is cut,

Horus (the king) says: "I have slain thine enemies

who are massacred by thy knife... slain upon thine

altar!"To this the lady replies: "Your Majesty! I

burn... thine enemies. This is Hathor... the Lady

of Heaven, Wsrt the burning flame against thine enemies."75

f-fnmmi>miMmtnkk ritesClassicalas witnessedwriters havein variousdescribedlands.EgyptianIn Ethiopia,sacrifical

Achilles Tatius reports, a virgin with hands bound

Stele, Metternich containingThe dramatic episodes from the childhood of behind was led around an altar by a priest chanting that closely Horus legendary of the infancy match accounts of Abraham.

an Egyptian hymn; then "all retired from the altar

only to be delivered for sacrifice. It is said that with at a distance,"the maiden was tied down, and a sword

the aid of Jectan, a sympathetic official in the court of was first plunged into her heart and then slashed

Nimrod, 12 of Abraham's companions who were in the her lower abdomen from side to side, after which prison with him were able to escape to the mounthe remains were burned, cut to pieces, and eaten. 70

tains, "until the anger of the populace should cool,"The PseudoPlutarch tells how the first Pharaoh in but Abraham refused to escape with them. 72 Abraham bad years was ordered by the oracle to sacrifice his

was to pay for his opposition to the local cult by own daughter and in grief threw himself into the himself becoming, a sacrificial victim of that cult. Nile. 77 This may be an indication of the antiquity of

According to the Book of Abraham, he was not the the rite. As Heliodorns explains it, the Egyptians of the

first to be punished in such a manner, for "this late period selected their sacrificial virgins from priest had offered upon this altar three virgins at one among people of nonEgyptian birth, and so the Greek time... because of their virtue; they would not bow heroine of Heliodorus's romance is chosen to be sacdown to worship gods of wood or of stone, therefore rificed to Osiris. The rule was that men were sacriFebruary 1969 65

f, ll*J"fJBk * tf u, iff %. "V -

ewm&t*

.,:=:%-:

ll

The famous shrine of the sun god Re at Abusir. The sunstone stands upon an artificial mound

or hill, before which stands an altar. The setting is like that described in Abraham 1:8-10.

ficed to the sun (so Abraham, in Abr. 1:9), women In the annual fertility rites, Wainwright explains, royal

to the moon, and virgins to Osiris, equated here to princesses, even the queen herself, were expected to

Bacchus. 79 Here the girls are plainly meant as consorts function as courtesans. 85 The rationale for such beof the god, in the usual ritual marriage of the yearhavior has become household knowledge since Frazer—

rite, common to Egypt and Syria. 80 Indeed, there is we need not expatiate on it here. An example would

a legend that Nimrod's own daughter Radha fell in be Nephthys, "a fertility goddess of the Old Religion, love with Abraham and tried to come to him in the and very reminiscent of [the later] Nitocris, who...

sacrificial fire. so The name is interesting; since accomplished the sacrifice in the fire... and was

Rhodha, Rhodopis, a name popularly given the Sphinx later thought to have been a courtesan. Seshat [the

in late times, was the Egyptian sacred hierodule. 80 king's private secretary] was one of her forms."In the

This is a reminder that from the 21st Dynasty onbeginning she was no less than the Mother Goddess wards, the title "God's Wife,"formerly reserved for herself, and as such, consort to the king. 80 In short,

the wife of the Pharaoh, was "transferred to a king's "after the manner of the Egyptians"royal princesses daughter who became the consecrated wife of the sacrificed both their virtue and their lives on ritual

Theban god, and to whom human intercourse was occasions as indicated in the Book of Abraham.

strictly forbidden."81 This was "the line of virgin In the Jewish legends are a number of remarkable

priestesses... who enjoyed a position which at parallels. Thus, a Pharaoh who treats Moses exactly

Thebes was virtually royal...."S2 So here we have as Nimrod does Abraham, who builds a great tower,

the august virgins of the royal line set apart as spouses as does Nimrod, which falls as does Nimrod's, who is of the god, and as such expected to engage in those alarmed by Moses's preaching against him and puts activities which would make them ritual hierodules. to death Moses's converts, etc., sacrificed his own

Strabo says that "the Egyptians sanctified the fairest daughter "because she no longer honored him as a princess, a virgin of the royal line, to be a hierodule god"—again the uncooperative virgin put to death. 87

until her physical purfication, after which she could One thinks here of the daughter of Nimrod with the marry."S3 Here is plain indication that such princesses Egyptian name of Ratha who fell in love with Abra-

"of the royal descent"as described in Abraham 1:11 ham, a treasonable virgin if there ever was one, and

were expected to jeopardize their virtue, and if they sought to join him in the sacrificial flame. Most sugrefused to do so they could still be forcibly dispatched gestive is the account of how the three virgin daughters

in the manner of the hierodules. Herodotus and of Lot were sacrificed ("burnt upon a pyre") in

Diodorus tell of the king of Egypt named Pheros ( here Sodom because the eldest of them would not follow

Pharaoh is actually the name of the king ) who exactly the wicked customs of the land. ss The first daughter

like Nimrod desired to rule not only the human race was called Paltit, a name that clearly designates her but the elements as well, and was chastised for his as set apart to be a ritual hierodule. 89 According to the

presumption with blindness. A seer from Bouto told Book of Jubilees, Tamar (a doublet of Paltit) was

the king that his only hope of cure would be through condemned to death by fire for playing the harlot a woman of perfect and proven virtue. The king's with Judah, "according to the judgment of Abrawife failed the test and so did many others: only one ham."90 The three virgins remind one of the three

woman passed with flying colors and the king married daughters of Minyas who, when they refused to join her, subjecting all the pretenders to a sacrificial death in the Dionysian revels, were driven mad, one even "in the city of the Red Soil."84 devouring her own son in a cannibalistic rite of human

According to Wainwright, the ladies in the story sacrifice. 91

represent the "spirit of fertility... an adulteress is Diligent research into the pattern of ritual and myth

one in whom this spirit is emphatically incarnate."8 "'in the ancient Near East has made it clear just what

66 Improvement Era sort of goings on are here indicated; but until the tians,e.g. A.andZ. surroundingIdelsohn, Jewishpeople."LiturgyTheandthemeIts Developmentis much discussed(New today,York:

efforts of the Cambridge School began to introduce p.Henry218. Holt, 1932), p. 3; D. S. Shapiro, in Tradition, Vol. 4 (1962),

in 16. Juives, G. Fervier, Vol. des Etudes "4J. Revue p. 3 (1964), into of a scene sort of sense some wild and order ""'Beer, 9ff; Chapira, Juives, 97f; Vol. Etudes des Revue 69, pp. pp.

. 9-11. E. Nagast Budge, Kebra 1922), A. W. Museum, pp. confusion, as meaningless and passages such those ''"According to this Jubilees, was years 60 was.. Abraham (Britishwhen

12:1214. about the virgins in the Book of Abraham could only Jubilees,liTTha'alabi, old, p. 53, on Koran, 37:9095; 21:5661; Maase Abraham b.

appear as the most wanton fantasy: "Now, this priest Eliaetc. Cohn, in Beer, pp. 1314; Apocalypse of Abraham, 5:4, 9-11; 6:7,

had offered upon this altar three virgins at one time 'Apocalypse""Cited by N. ofN.Abraham,Glazer, in1:3-6.Faith and Knowledge, 1963, p. 37.

year); Babba 1, p. 199 (1

of time. lengths other the... because of their virtue; they would not bow down Bathra,""Ginsberg,fol. 21aLegends(10 years);of theBeer,Jews,p. Vol.14, for

to worship gods of wood or of stone... and it was Vol."'Maimonides,3, p. 20. Dalalat. Ill, xxix (ed. O. Zeller, Osnabruck, 1964),

done after the manner of the Egyptians."(Abr. 1:11.) servants'-Biblicalof theAntiquitieshesitant ofHaranPhilo,wereVol. consumed6, pp. 5-15.bv fire,In contrast,Bet haMidrash,the 12

1, pp. 3234.What nonsense, to be sure—but historical nonsense Vol.''G. Rinaldi, in Aegyptus, Vol. 34 (1954), pp. 193210.

just the same. "'Cit. Chapira, Revue des Etudes Juives, Vol. 68, pp. 9899.

43. p. 1962), The ancient and honorable designation of Abraham Elisabeth,""Philo""AchillesDerchain, Le Sacrifice de VOryx (Brussels: Fondation Reine Vol. Tatius, 3, p. 15. Among the Scythian Taurians, "a

is thekilledcorpsewithintoa swordthe sacredby thefire,"goddess'sthough virginsome as "he who came forth from the fire of the Chaldees"priestess;princely strangerand she...throws

has been explained by almost anybody who has had say and ittheis sourcesnot the arepriestessgiven thatin Robertdoes theGraves,killing.The TheGreekriteMythswas Egyptian,(Penguin

1955), access to a Hebrew dictionary as a misunderstanding Books,

Plutarch. 7TPs. Vol.De2, fluviis,pp. 74, Vol.77. 16, p. 1 (in Th. Hopfner, Pontes

of the expression "Ur of the Chaldees."Thus, one of Historiae Religionis Aegyptiacae [Bonn, 1922], Vol. I, p. 397).

"sHeliodorus, Vol. 1, p. 18; Vol. 10, pp. 7-8; discussed by Lefebure, in

the latest commentators writes, "Ur of the Chaldees, Bibliotheque Egyptologique, Vol. 36 (1915), p. 275.

not then known to be a placename [!], was translated <<G.S"B. Beer,Rinaldi,Lebcnin Aegyptus,Abrahams,Vol.p. 112.34 (1954), pp. 193210.

by the Rabbis into 'the fire of Chaldea....'"92 But 81A.S2J. W.H. B.Gardiner,Barns, inEgyptJournalof theof PharaohsEgyptian Archaeology,(Oxford, 1961),Vol.p.52343.(1966),

the fiery element is not so easily brushed aside; refer- p. s 191.''Strabo, Geography, Vol. 17, p. 1 (816).

MHerodotus, History, Vol. 2, p. Ill; Diodorus, Lib., Vol. 1, p. 59. It

ences to sacrificial fires in the Abraham traditions is interesting that Herodotus calls the place of sacrifice "Red Soil,"while (such as the Haran episode and the story of the fireEgyptian—Diodorus sources,calls it since"Sacredthe wordssoil,"forindicating"red"andaccess"sacred"to areseparate—andthe same

bricks) are much too numerous and explicit and the in S"'G.EgyptianA. Wainwright,in this case, Thedsr.t.SkyReligion in Egypt (Cambridge Univ.,

historical parallels too many and too obvious to be 1938),S0Wainwright,pp. 8990.in Journal of Egyptian Archaeology, Vol. 26 (1941),

traceable to the misunderstanding of a single monopp.STG.3031.Weil, Biblical Legends of the Muslims, p. 120.

syllable. 93 The constant references to both the sacrifithePirkeJews, deVol.Rabbi1, p. Eliezer,255; B. Vol.Beer, 25,Lebenpp. Abrahams,18285; Ginzberg,p. 41. AnotherLegendsvirof

cial knife and the fire make no difficulty, however, gin,bees )thefordaughterrefusing ofto Admah,conformwasto rituallythe evil executedpractices ( stungof theto Sodomites,death by since the normal procedure in human and animal Ginzberg,participate Vol.in the1, orgies,p. 250.andIn tosomepurchaseversionsimmunityit is Lothe whooffers refusesboth theto

sacrifice in Egypt as elsewhere was to cut the victim's pp.virtue22023,and the22628.lives of hisAlso,daughters;Abraham'sbin firstGurion,convertSagenwasder aJuden,womanVol.who2,

throat and then cast the remains on the fire. 94 H. Kees denouncedBet haMidrasch,NimrodVol.as 1,a p.fraud31. and was sacrificed; Maase Abraham, in

notes that the Typhonian enemy of Osiris is always namesnGinzberg,Bilqis, borneVol. by1, p.the 249.QueenPaltitof Shebais theas sameroyal ascompanionPalakis, whenceof Solomonthe

slaughtered and then burned, both rites being conin 'Jubilees,a large cycle41:28.of talesThedealingTomyriswithof ritualthe Cyrusprostitution.story, Herodotus, Vol.

sidered sacrificial. 95 In the Levitical sacrifices, the cycle,1, pp. in205f,Tha'labi,21214,pp.is the216ffBilqis(also(TadmorTpublished amar)in Bnmnow'sof the SolomonArabic

Chrcstomathy). 'ola kalil (holocaust) or the knife) (withzebah and the!,I R. Vol. Graves. Myths, Greek The

90 Questions, p. 38. Minyans were people1, p. living105, citingin the Plutarch,area of SodomGreek The is usually then but did not Abraham go together, and Gomorrah.

careful to specify that everything he is reporting is "-G."'AbrahamAbrahams,was ThethrownJewishintoMind,a furnacep. 49. of firebricks for refusing to

"after the manner of the Egyptians."There is evidence makeMoore, firebricks;Judaism, Vol,Biblical2, p. Antiquities106, notes ofsuspiciousPhilo, Vol.parallels6, pp.between3-5. G.Nim-F.

that the Egyptians practiced dedicating victims by rod'swere infurnacethe Plainand oftheDura.three J.youthsGarstang,in Nebuchadnezzar'sin Annales du Service,furnace—bothVol. 8,

of in brick discusses royal the the ritual conflagrations tombs 146, the fire,passing even through them and knew the p.the 20th Dynasty.

97 '"Lefebure, a typical Vol. in Bibliotheque Egyptologique, p. 283; 36, firewalking. practice point of ritual deserves This

is are instance Anion's given enemies 40. in Herodotus, Vol. 2, p.

sacrificial a of the at burning, place slaughtered block each morning on persistence of strange peculiar of themention because

S. 63f; Ztschr., the adversary in Aegypt. Vol. Morenz, 82 pp. (1958),

pit into daily,"spear A. a a fiery "hurled with E. and W. biblical firemotifs story in the and of Abraham,

British Hieratic Pt. Papyri in the isBudge,pierced Egyptian Museum (1910),

legendary. It is interesting, however, that the Book Col. ii, pp. 1418; the main year rites of the Egyptians were called1,

"the Great Burning"and "the Little Burning,"according to A. H.

the In Babylonia p. 29.

to been have of Abraham makes no mention of fire in connection Gardinaie,cutting of Revuethe throatd'Egyptologie,and sacrificeVol. by10 burning(1955), "seem

with the attempted sacrifice of Abraham; the earliest use absolutely contemporaneously,"E. D. VanBuren, in Orientalia, Vol.in

sources likewise make no mention of it and nearly 24 ""H.(1955),Kees, p.Totcnglauben30.... der alten Aegypten (Leipzig, 1926),

all scholars agree that it is a later addition. os O pp.practice.4445, noting however that royal cremation was an "unegyptian"

(To be continued),KiJ."G. G.Jequier,Fervier,in inReceuilRevue desde EtudesTravaux,Juives,Vol. Vol.32 (1910),3 (1964),p. p.169;9. L.

Koenen, in Chroniques d'Egypt, Vol. 37 (1962), pp. 16774; and

Journal of Egyptian Archaeology, Vol. 27 (1941), pp. 139f; G. A.

FOOTNOTES Wainwright,ology, Vol. 18Sky(1932),Religion,p. pp.164. 55, 89, and Journal of Egyptian ArchaeBiblical Antiquities ''"Cave 20:10. of Treasures, R. James,!kSM.

'"Apocahjpse of Jubilees "seems work to show of.. Philo,. and p.intentional46, notesavoidance"that the of Abraham, Vol. 25, pp. 2-7. older

'-Philo's Biblical Antiquities, Vol. 4, p. 16. of the firetheme. B. Beer, Leben Abrahams, p. 114, notes the absence

03Already in the seventeenth century H. Witsius, Aegyptiaca (Herborn of the firemotif in the earlier versions, and cites Nachmanides as saying

in Nassau, 1717), p. 299, saw the main theme of the Abraham story to that Abraham was rescued "from great danger and from Nimrod in the

be "God's disapproval of human sacrifice among the Phoenicians, Egypland of the Chaldees,"but that we do not know what the danger was.

February 1969 67 Trying to keep up with the Harrises, the SorenIt is good to realize the cost of things in money, sens, and the Joneses may very well mean falling flat effort, and time. This is a lesson all children should

on one's face, or even worse. Everything costs so be taught day in and day out. A good way to begin

much these days that it seems to ease the immediate paying one's way is to write down the amount of pain when one little allinclusive credit card is used money there is to spend each month. Next, make a

for all purchases. This is one way to turn into an list of essentials, such as housing, utilities, education,

ostrich and bury reality for the moment. and payments on things bought and contracted for.

A small boy was asked what he wanted for his Then add Church financial responsibilities, clothing, birthday, and with a twinkle in his eye he said, "All food, and savings. Add all this up and decide whether

I want is a charge card."He watched television, and you can keep up with the Joneses or whether you

he understood from this medium that a person could should build a life you can afford. Aspire, if you wish,

travel around the world without spending a penny and to make more money, but spend it only after it is in on the way live in luxury and buy everything his heart your hand.

desired. What a birthday gift! Everyone needs help in this payas-yougo project,

A time of reckoning is not anticipated by a tiny so let us begin by budgeting what we can spend for child, or often by a child grown tall in stature but not food. Parents'Magazine has worked out a plan to

yet in maturity. That things bought or contracted help a family of four meet all its nutritional needs and

for must eventually be paid for is a truism to rememhave delicious meals on $30.00 a week. This amount

ber. There is too much travel now, pay later; too is just a little over $1.00 a day per person. This magamuch furnish your home completely now, and pay zine claims that "eating well needn't come high if you

later; too much buy boats, cars, and even airplanes watch what you buy."

now, and pay later, not to mention the grocery bags To help you plan your meals, here is their whole filled with extravagent nonessentials to be paid for at week's plan for a family of four. It lets you use foods

a later date. The world is spinning on credit. that save time and provides daily a proper supply of

We talk of making peace with oneself so there will the four food basics; meat, breads and cereals, vegebe a beginning of peace in the universe, but this tables and fruit, and dairy foods. Parents'Magazine

inner serenity will come only through a feeling of advises us to follow this plan for just one week to learn security. Staying solvent in one's own little sphere how to feed the family well while buying to beat

is one way to obtain such peace. the budget.

68 Improvement Era SUNDAY BREAKFAST Chilled Vegetable Juice

French Toast with Mapleflavored Syrup Milk

DINNER Ovenfried Chicken Partsf Fluffy Rice with Chicken Gravy

Italian Green Beans Tossed Lettuce Salad with French Dressing

Raspberry Gelatin Whip in Tall Glasses Milk

SUPPER In-a-hurry Chili* with Saltines Crisp Celery Sticks

Sliced Oranges with Sugar Cookies Milk Today's Family

MONDAY BREAKFAST Grapefruit Half Hot Oatmeal with Milk and Brown Sugar By Florence B. Pinnock

Toast with Margarine and Jelly Chocolate Milk

LUNCH Tuna Salad with Hardcooked Egg Slices

Whole Wheat Bread with Margarine

Crisp Apple Wedges Milk

DINNER Stuffed Cabbage Rolls* Parsley Potatoes

Green Peas with Pimiento Hot Gingerbread Squares Milk

TUESDAY BREAKFAST Orange Juice Scrambled Eggs Toast with Jelly

Milk

LUNCH Mugs of Minestrone Soup Grilled Cheese Sandwiches

Canned Peaches and Oatmeal Cookies Milk

DINNER Chicken Shortcake* Braised Carrots Cucumber Salad

Chocolate Pudding Hot or Cold Milk

WEDNESDAY ln-a-hurry Chili BREAKFAST Pineapplegrapefruit Juice Hot Wheat Cereal with Milk (4 servings)

Cinnamon Toast Milk 2 cans condensed chili beef soup, undiluted Rye Bread Toast Green Salad Tossed BeansLUNCH Barbecue can water 1 soup Milk Cookies Crisp Sugar

DINNER Endof-loin Pork Roast Chilled Applesauce Heat in saucepan, stirring constantly.

Roast Potatoes in Jackets Mushroom Creamed Spinach*

Tapioca Pudding with Jelly Milk Stuffed Cabbage Rolls (4 servings) THURSDAY 8 large cabbage leaves BREAKFAST Orange Juice Crisp Corn Cereal 1 pound ground beef

Toast with Margarine Milk 1 cup cooked rice

LUNCH Tomato Soup—Hot or Cold Hamburgers on Buns y21 cupegg, choppedslightly beatenonion

Canned Pear Halves with Nutmeg Milk 1 teaspoon salt

Vi teaspoon pepper DINNER Frank Crown Casserole* Apple, Celery, and Nut Salad 1 can condensed tomato soup, undiHot Biscuits with Margarine luted

Vanilla Ice Cream with Chocolate Syrup Milk

Cook cabbage in boiling salted water a

FRIDAY few minutes to soften; drain. Combine

beef and rest of ingredients, using 2

BREAKFAST Chilled Grapefruit Juice Pancakes with Mapleflavored Syrup tablespoons of the soup. Divide meat

Milk mixture among cabbage leaves; fold

edges over loosely and roll up; secure

LUNCH Creamed Hardcooked Eggs on Toast Tossed Lettuce Salad with wooden picks. Place cabbage rolls

Oatmeal Cookies Milk in skillet, and pour remaining soup over rolls. Cover; simmer 40 minutes, spoonDINNER Tuna Noodle Casserole* ing sauce over rolls occasionally.

Green Bean Salad with Tomato Wedges

Warm Rye Bread with Margarine Cherry Gelatin Cubes Chicken Shortcake

Milk (4 servings) SATURDAY y2 cup chopped celery margarine Oranges BREAKFAST Sliced Hard or and Bananas Soft Cooked Eggs 21 tablespoonscan cream of chicken condensed Toast with Milk Margarine and Jelly soup, undiluted Bacon Soup LUNCH Bean with Bologna Sandwiches y21 cupcup dicedmilk cooked chicken Chocolate Ice Cream Sodas

in until tender. celery margarine Saute (with carrots) onions, potatoes, and Beef Stew* Tomato DINNER

heat, celery; ingredients to other Add with Fingers Toast Slaw Whole Cabbage Wheat biscuits. Margarine stirring. over hot Serve

Pie Chiffon Milk Chocolate *See recipe fCook enough for Tuesday

F. 350 to heating Saute oven Crown Casserole Start Today's Family continued Frank until crisp; crumble. and remove bacon (4 servings)

in Stir drippings. Saute onion bacon

salt, water, into soup, pepper and Spinach Creamed Mushroom slices 2 bacon in skillet. Stir in potatoes onions and servings) onion cup chopped (8 l/2 -quart. into casgreen beans. Pour iy2 1 cream of mushroom condensed can serole. to franks up edge around Stand undiluted frozen soup, chopped packages 10ounce 2 roast. a minresemble crown Bake 30 water cup spinach with bacon. crumbled utes. Top salt teaspoon of mushroom cream condensed 1 can Y2V2

of pepper soup, undiluted Dash sliced cooked potatoes TunaNoodle Casserole 2 cups

Cook spinach as label directs; drain. 1 cup cooked cut green beans (4 servings)

split lengthwise, frankfurters, Stir into spinach; soup stir over low y2 pound

can condensed cream of celer until hot. (Plan cut in half crosswise then on seconds.) heat

soup, undiluted y2 cup of milk 2 cups cooked noodles 1 7-ounce can tuna, drained and flaked tablespoons diced pimiento Richard L. Evans tablespoons chopped parsley

The Spoken Word Starttablespoonsheating ovenbutteredto 350breadF. crumbsBlend

soup and milk together. Add noodles,

tuna, pimiento, and parsley. Pour into

The miserable misunderstandings onlVquarttop of casserole.casserole. BakeSprinkle30 minutescrumbs

or until hot and bubbling.

Sometimes in our thoughtless rushing about we become impersonal Tomato Beef Stew and preoccupied with things that matter less, and overlook the (4 servings) hearts and feelings and inmost needs of people who matter more. 1 pound beef cubes for stew

In the sometimes rough abrasiveness of crowded days and things to 2 tablespoons seasoned flour 2 tablespoons shortening do, we well would pause and think upon our lives and loved ones, 1 can condensed tomato soup, unupon the needs, the problems, the preciousness and importance to us diluted cans water soup iy2of people personally, and do some searching of ourselves. For such a small 6 white onions whole

time Phillips Brooks has left some lines that may turn hearts and lives 6 small carrots, cut in half to loved ones, and bring friends and families closer, and more of peace Vi3 teaspoonpotatoes, driedquarteredthyme inside ourselves: "You who are letting miserable misunderstandings Toss meat with flour; brown in shortenrun on from year to year, meaning to clear them up some day,"he said; ing in large heavy pan. Add tomato

cover, water, cans soup soup and iy2 alive quite quarrels cannot because you are keeping wretched"You who stirring hours, and now simmer iy2 sacrifice to pride your and is the day mind that now up yourmake rest ingredients. of then. and Add

[settle] them: You who are passing men sullenly upon the street, not Cover; cook 35 minutes, or until vegespeaking to them out of some silly spite; You who are letting... [sometables are tender, stirring now and then.

one's] heart ache for a word of appreciation or sympathy, which you mean to give him someday; If you only could know and see and feel,

all of a sudden, the time is short, how it would break the spell! How

you would go instantly and do the thing which you might never have another chance to do."If only we could see how swiftly life goeshow few are the hours—how much less likely we would be to pamper

pride, to fail to take first steps to right old wrongs, to fail to shorten distances between us and others; how less likely we would be to live

aloof when hearts are crying to be understood, aching to remove misunderstanding. And how much more honest and at ease we would be,

with less pretense, less sparring for position, more willingness to make Ironical, Isn't It?

amends. We come alone. We leave alone. We are not here long. By Mildred N. Hoyer

Oh, if, please God, we could somehow strip away the impersonal aloofness, the indi?erent and sometimes cruel facade, clear up the In the heyday

wretched quarrels and misunderstandings, bring loved ones closer, and of man's inventive genius become our better selves. many try

to fight the darkness #"The Spoken Word"from Temple Square, preby turning off sented over KSL and the Columbia Broadcasting System December 29, 1968. Copyright the light.

1968.

70 Improvement Eral -mm

I f m

X

The Presiding Bishop Talks to Youth About:

By Bishop John H. Vandenberg

Athletes often speak of gaining a second wind or receiving additional strength after they have given all they could. A basketball player, for example, who

plays until he's extremely tired may either slow down or he can continue to play hard even though it may be extremely difficult for a time. If he chooses the

latter and continues to play hard, he may gain his socalled second wind. This additional strength

doesn't come, however, until the player puts forth all he can give, plus a little more.

This example is not unlike the principle of fasting in the gospel. Fasting and prayer equip a person with

a much greater degree of strength and power than would otherwise be his if he were left to his own devices. Fasting and prayer can bring an individual

to a point of humility and faith where the Lord can give him the extra strength and power needed to com- |///ustrated by Fred Van Dyke plete a task or to solve a problem.

v,* - ) a

"Whereas some only get hungry, plineFastingourselves.also providesFastingan isopportunitya voluntaryfor principle—us to discifasting should valuable opportunity for young men and women to

learn to discipline their appetites and passions. Wilbring joy—and selfcontrol'liam George Jordan referred to the process of learning

-to discipline ourselves in his article "The Kingship of

Self Control."He said: "Let us each day do as mere

exercises in discipline, in moral gymnastics, a few facts

This concept is illustrated very vividly by the Savior. that are disagreeable to us, the doing of which will

On one occasion his apostles were asked by a father help us in instant action in our hour of need. The

to cast a dumb spirit out of his son, but the apostles exercises may be very simple, dropping for a time failed in their efforts. The father then approached the an intensely interesting book at the most thrilling

Master. page of the story, walking home when one is able,

"And they brought him unto him: and when he saw when the desire is to take a street car; talking to some

him, straightway the spirit tare him; and he fell on disagreeable person and trying to make the conversathe ground, and wallowed foaming. tion pleasant. These daily exercises in moral discipline

"And he asked his father, How long is it ago since will have a wonderous tonic effect on man's whole this came unto him? And he said, Of a child. nature. The individual can attain a self.-control in

"And ofttimes it hath cast him into the fire, and great things only through selfcontrol in little things."

into the waters, to destroy him: but if thou canst do Isaiah refers to another purpose of the fast. He asks:

anything, have compassion on us, and help us. "Is not this the fast that I have chosen? to loose the

"Jesus said unto him, If thou canst believe, all bands of wickedness, to undo the heavy burdens, and things are possible to him that believeth. to let the oppressed go free, and that ye break every

"And straightway the father of the child cried out, yoke?

and said with tears, Lord, I believe; help thou mine "Is it not to deal thy bread to the hungry, and that

unbelief. thou bring the poor that are cast out to thy house?

"When Jesus saw that the people came running towhen thou seest the naked, that thou cover him; and

gether, he rebuked the foul spirit, saying unto him, that thou hide not thyself from thine own flesh?"

Thou dumb and deaf spirit, I charge thee, come out of (Isa. 58:6-7.)

him, and enter no more into him. When he speaks of "loosing the bands of wicked-

"And the spirit cried, and rent him sore, and came ness,"of "undoing the heavy burden,"and the "breakout of him: and he was as one dead; insomuch that ing of every yoke,"he seems to be referring to the

many said, He is dead. wickedness of people who think only of themselves in

"But Jesus took him by the hand, and lifted him up; selfishness, vanity, pride, and having hearts so set

and he arose. upon the things of this world that the two great com-

"And when he was come into the house, his disciples mandments of loving God and loving neighbor are asked him privately, Why could not we cast him out? entirely forgotten. The principles of loving thy neigh-

"And he said unto them, This kind can come forth bor and of loving God are encompassed in the true by nothing, but by prayer and fasting."(Mark 9:20purpose of the fast.

29. It takes no imagination to understand what is

Fasting, coupled with prayer, provides that great meant when he says: "... that thou bring the poor

strength which comes after we have humbled ourthat are cast out to thy house? when thou seest the

selves before the Lord. There are some in the world naked, that thou cover him; and that thou hide not

who misunderstand the principle of fasting. Fasting to thyself from thine own flesh?"

them does little more than make them hungry. HowThe principle of the fast offering provides an opporever, fasting should bring joy. The Lord commented tunity for you, the youth of the Church, to make a

in this regard: "Verily, this is fasting and prayer, or in contribution to the needy among you. In the spirit of

other words, rejoicing and prayer."(D&C 59:14.) "pure religion undefiled,"you can assist another whose

Isaiah, with somewhat different wording, made a immediate circumstance may not be as pleasant as similar statement. He said: "... Behold, in the day of yours.

your fast ye find pleasure...."(Isa. 58:3.) President Heber J. Grant often quoted from

Fasting is a building, strengthening experience. It is Emerson: "That which we persist in doing becomes

an opportunity to bring our lives and thinking in tune easier to do; not that the nature of the thing has

with the Lord. changed, but that our ability to do it has increased."O

72 Improvement Era Electric Heating Costs Reduced 20% in Total Electric Homes

Now, more than ever before, you can enjoy the many wonderful advantages LEADERSHIP electric heating. of nameless

1, electric rates IN GRAPHIC ARTS Beginning January reduced been have below former 20% Deseret News Press electric total rates for homes.

1600 Empire Road Every AllElectric Home Can Qualify Salt Lake City, Utah built electric to total New homes 84104 as well standards as older conhomes verted to allelectric automatically qualify for the new low rate of 1.1 <t

per kwh for electric heating and cooling.

Call for More Information Today

Phone or write today for free information about bringing electric heat to your home. For prompt attention,

phone Utah Power & Light Co. and

ask for heating specialist. Or write:

R. M. Pizza

Sales and Marketing Dept.

Utah Power & Light Company P. O. Box 899, Salt Lake City, Utah 841 10

There is no obligation, Because It's Electric, It's Better Our modern web offset equipment produces over 1,000,000 magazines each month.

UTAH POWER & LIGHT CO.

PARENTS

UNDER TABLETS

See how this amazing 32page book holds Key the to PAR?

greatest your as success a parent. $8.95

in of harmfulPoints the way to remove causes habits children of all ages. If you want prompt, cheerful obedience while helping

your child advance in every way—send for Free Booklet now.

Pirents association, Dept 1972, Pleasant Hill, Ohio. 45359. WHY NOT TRY

LYMAN'S IN USE FOR OVER 75 YEARS VITAMINS

Aids in treatment of simple sore throat and other minor mouth and HELP! MINERALS?

throat irritations.

This is when your insurance man has to go to work for you. To make UNBELIEVABLE VALUE

HALL'S REMEDY ansureindependenthe will, makeinsurancesure nowagent.he's Don Lyman

is to serve His job you first when Salt Lake City, Utah help inde2431 Highland Dr. most. We're need you

pendent agents. Call us any time. Salt Lake City, Utah

Please send Daily Supply Tablets postage free.

YOUR/Illr/ Independent] Quantity500 tablets $8.95

InsurancegSERVES YOU/agentFIRST 200 tablets $3.90

JEWELRY CO. HEBER J. GRANT & CO. [Na me

E S T 2 N U D. S O 4 2 W T H DA 2-1039 General Agents, Salt Lake City J Address

1, SALT CITY LAKE UTAH City INTERMOUNTAIN'S LARGEST DIAMOND DEALER

I State Zip

l with Osiris Cabral Tavares and Jose G. Schmidt and John B. Robinson III,

The Church Benjamin Puerta as counselors. Juarez (Mexico) Stake; President Jay

Murray "(Utah) West Stake was or- M. Witbeck and counselors Byron C.

A/loves On ganized by Elder Richard L. Evans of Williams and Edward R. Reynolds,

the Council of the Twelve and Elder South Carolina West Stake.

Franklin D. Richards, Assistant to the

November 1968 Twelve, from parts of the Murray South tid It was announced that convert

E2 Sao Paulo East Stake was organized Stake. It is the 468th stake now funcbaptisms are expected to reach 100,-

by Elder Gordon B. Hinckley of the tioning. Robert H. M. Killpack was 000 this year, and the membership of

Council of the Twelve and Elder Bersustained as president, with Thayne the Church may reach 3,000,000 at nard P. Brockbank, Assistant to the R. Harris and J. Lowell Young as the end of 1969.

Twelve, from parts of Sao Paulo Stake. counselors.

President of this, the 467th stake now New stake presidencies: President

December 1968 functioning, is Helio da Rocha Camargo, Waldo P. Call and counselors Howard

stake presidencies: President U New

John R. Poulton and counselors Emmett L. Brown and John H. Walton,

Monument Park West (Salt Lake City)

Richard L. Evans Stake; President Taft P. Budge and

The Spoken Word counselorsCharles E. Hulme,William BearW. LakePassey(Idahoand

Utah) Stake; President Ivin L. Gee and

More things than this world dreams of Anderson,counselors WindDexterRiverJ. Clark(Wyoming)and AlanStake.D.

MidMichigan Stake, the 469th now some ways, it ought to be easier for this generation to have faith functioning, was organized from LanInthan any generation of the past—for many reasons; for one, that we sing Stake by Elder Harold B. Lee of

have seen so many seeming miracles—miracles that man, by using the Council of the Twelve, with E. Richnature's laws, has seen brought about. Other generations didn't have ard Packham sustained as president and

so much evidence of the unseen sights and sounds, the unseen realiRobert C. Witt and Lawrence A. Reichenties that are all around us. Other generations couldn't talk to distant bach as counselors.

loved ones with wires—or without wires. Other generations couldn't Fort Collins (Colorado) Stake, the

push a button and have the sights and sounds of all the earth im470th now functioning, was organized mediately before them. Yet those sights and sounds were always by Elder LeGrand Richards of the Counthere. Other generations didn't have the evidence of computers that cil of the Twelve, with Raymond Price

could keep records of billions of people, in almost infinite detail. sustained as president and Tyler A.

When we see what man with his limited knowledge has been able to Woolley and Thomas R. Atkins as coundo in using some of the laws of nature, some of the laws of life, it selors. At the same time Ivan R. Willey

should be much easier to understand how an Infinite Mind, an Infinite was sustained as president of the parAdministrator, the God of creation, could communicate with the ent Cheyenne (Wyoming) Stake, with prophets, could inspire the poets, could give promptings, warnings, Orin T. Jones and Harold D. Reading as

guidance to people personally; could implant ideas and open the uncounselors.

derstanding of vast areas of truth to the sincere searcher. It should be

easier for us to understand the possibilities of communication with the "The National Football Foundation

Infinite; the possibility, the power, the reality of prayer. "More things and Hall of Fame salutes as a 'Disare wrought by prayer than this world dreams of,"1 as Tennyson said it. tinguished American'Dr. David O. McIt should be easier for us to understand that an everlasting record is Kay, the oldest living football man of

and can be kept. It should be easier for us to understand the limitless record in our nation.

possibilities of life, by attuning ourselves to the Divine Source. "For many years he has been the renowned President and beloved leader

of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter- 'Alfred Tennyson, Morte d'Arthur.

day Saints. Born in Huntsville, Utah,

*"The Spoken Word"from Temple

Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia Broadcasting System December 8, 1968. Sept. 8, 1873, he played guard in 1894

Copyright 1968. on the first football team that repre74 Improvement Era

\fear's

sented the University of Utah. The appointments of James E. Food

"In a lifetime that encompasses all Faust and Hugh W. Pinnock as Regionalbut five years of our football century, Representatives of the Twelve were Supply

he has served as the spiritual head of announced.

a great religious community, a statesman of his Church, educator, writer, Three new stakes were organized $119.95(Plus Tax on Utah Sales)

trustees of universities. in the mission fields today, bringing

"He has provided an inspiring exthe total stakes to 473. This was the #1011 SamecansSize Prepacked Cases

ample for youth and for his fellow last Sabbath day that stake conferences 4 Fruits, 6 Grains, 3 Protein Foods, citizens. He has personified the stanwere held in 1968. 8serts.Vegetables plus Juices and Desdards of heart and mind, of physical Texas West Stake was organized by Balanced Food Supply in convenientexcellence and of the competitive valElder Harold B. Lee of the Council of tostorepared to cartonsfill the isnutritionalscientificallyneedspreof

for full year or a one one personues he exemplified so long ago on the the Twelve and Elder James A. Cullimonths. three of 4-6 family

football fields. Today, in his 96th year, more, Assistant to the Twelve, with No refrigeration—Long storage life.

plus $119.95 Reg. $139.95 Now president those values with resolu-—as Hamblin Roland L.he cherishes and

is (This an introSales tax Utah on

H. L. Allred Ralph Jordan and Clarence thistion undiminished."with only offer good ductory

So read the citation presented in as counselors. coupon.)will ship freightPick up collect.in Salt GrossLake orshipwe

New York this evening at the eleventh Bend (Oregon) Stake was organized ping wt. 365 lbs.

annual awards dinner of the National by Elder LeGrand Richards of the CounFootball Foundation and Hall of Fame. cil of the Twelve and Elder Theodore M. PERIWAPAK

The award was to be brought to Salt Burton, Assistant to the Twelve, withCity, Salt Lake South, East 2430Lake City to be presented to President Norman K. Whitney as president and #40 4869671 Utah - Phone (801) 84115

McKay in person. Carleton W. Brown and Selwyn D. Please send me:

"It is not because of the lengthening Mastrude as counselors. (My.... check/moneyorderYear's Food Supplyis @enclosed.)$119 each

years of this distinguished man that we Hilo Stake was organized in Hawaii Free Food Storage Plan CATALOG honor him,"commented Vincent Deby Elders Howard W. Hunter and Gordon fj FreeINFORMATIONSurvival Kit and Camping

Paul Draddy, chairman of the awards B. Hinckley of the Council of the Free Group Discounts/FundRaising

Plan INFORMATION dinner. "We honor him for the richness Twelve, with Rex A. Cheney as presiName

of his life and his beneficent influence dent and Satoru Sato and Dale G.

Address upon his fellow man. As football men, Sproat as counselors. City State Zip....

we cherish the record of this noble IE 2/69 career."/ The appointment of Ethelyn Dickson Graham of Bountiful, Utah, to the

&jj New stake presidency: C. Garnett Church Correlation Committee was inspirational LDS FILMSPlayer and counselors Max F. Jackman announced.

and John W. Boud, Cottonwood (Salt

EDUCATIONAL MEDIA SERVICES Lake County) Stake. UJ The First Presidency announced Herald R. Clark Building

the appointment of Smith B. Griffin Brigham Young University

Elder Ezra Taft Benson of the of Washington, D.C., as president of the Provo, Utah 84601

Council of the Twelve presented to French Mission. DESERET BOOK COMPANY Film Department

President David O. McKay the first copy The appointment of Rex A. Skidmore 44 East South Temple

of "Joseph Smith's Testimony"in Thai. to head a special Churchwide teacher Salt Lake City, Utah 84111

The tract is the first Church literature training committee, under the direction BYU Ricks Film Center BYU Chicago Film Center

Street First 225 Films, Inc. Association

to in that language. Falls, Asian be printed 81401 of the Idaho Idaho Church Correlation Committee, 561 Hillgrove Avenue

Film Center Los Angeles BYU III. La Grange, 60525 lights Christmas on Temple announced. The was Library Film Hoist Smilh & c/o

Center Film Bay Area BYU Street 2221 Olive South officially tonight turned onSquare were Calif. 90007 Inc. Los Angeles, Films, Association

at 8:00, followed by a Christmas youth 506BYU 19thCanadianStreet FilmSouthCenter 25358Hayward,CypressCalif. Avenue94544

Alberta, Lethbridge, Canada Eastern Film Center insongfest in the Tabernacle which Film Southwestern BYU

Inc. Center AssociationBYU Films, Center Moviestudents from schools under 35 sang 600 Axiomatic Grand Avenue Road 119 McDowell W.

Ridgefield, N. |. 07657 Ariz. Phoenix, 85003

direction Dr. F.the of Lorin WheelBy Lorence W. Martineau

wright. This year the decorations on the Of all the truths of every creed,

Square feature some lighted paintings There is no axiom truer: MAKE To $12 AN HOUR AT HOME

It Let Prove To FREE! You Ma of the life of Christ, by Danish artist the deed, judge You need to have may I'll Plastic show Sealing you how and

Laminating at time, home, give spare can doer. the judge But must GodCarl Bloch. you as operate. as each hour $12 much you

tabletop sets machine anywhere. Easy. up

Fun. experience furnish needed. No We

everything. We'll even finance help you.

houseto-house No mail. Write for factsselling.FREE.OrdersNo salesmancome by

call will WARNER ELECTRIC, 1512 Jrvl, DopU147-BS,Chgo, Ul.626

February 1969 These Times

Prices are LOW in Idaho

Select from scores of designs, most popular accessories. Buy with confidence from West's

leading manufacturer of mailorder invitations.

Rush orders shipped same day received. LION HOUSE

r—

for FREE Send coupon CATALOG and { if air mail is desired) (enclose | MEMORIES 25c samples to: REXCRAFT, Rexburg, Idaho 83440 {

Name II

Address |

I

City, State, Zip j Illustrated by Don Young

THANK YOU... readers of the ImproveBy Dr. G. Homer Durham

ment Era, for helping us become the President, Arziona State University

West's biggest producers of mailorder wedding invitations. Large enough to do

your entire order within our own plant the Susa Young Gates was the first Magazine for a number of years.

same day we receive it, we are still small child born in the Lion House, the She was a trustee of Utah State enough to want to. REXCRAFT house built by her father, PresiUniversity and of Brigham Young

dent Brigham Young, at 63 East University. Seven times she repreWESTERN South Temple Street, Salt Lake sented the YWMIA in the National

TECHNICAL City. She was born on March 18, Council of Women. In 1901 she

COLLEGE 1856, and died May 27, 1933. In was the sole American delegate of

Learn By Doing in Shop and Laboratory 1889 she founded the Young that council to the International

Woman's Journal, one of the foreCouncil held in Copenhagen. In

ELECTRONICS DRAFTING runners of The Improvement Era, Rome, in 1914, she again repreAUTOMOTIVE TRAINING after filling a fouryear mission sented the U. S. council.

Financial Aid and Parttime with her husband, Jacob Gates, in Two of her sonsin-law became Employment Available

Hawaii. She was the mother of 13 members of the Council of the

DETAILS COMPLETE FOR 3590658 in SALT LAKE CITY children. All of them were gifted Twelve.* She was a remarkable Phone

or and talented. Some of them beperson, perhaps the outstanding

VISIT, PHONE, or WRITE came famous. Mormon woman of her generation.

2250 So. Tejon, Denver, Colo. 80110 She wrote the history of the She left behind, for a beloved

(303) 9345523 YWMIA and a dozen other books, family, her recollections of life in including Handbook of Genealogy the Lion House. Since that wonand Temple Work, several novels, derful family home is now remodFIBERGLASS and a biography of her father

BAPTISTRIES Moulded one piece construction. (pubished by Macmillan), and she bert*Dr.E. JohnBowenA. Widtsoe(Emma Lucy,(Leah) theand internaDr. AlInstalled. Easily Economical.

delivery. Also, Prompt gas & electric5 sizes.hot was editor of the Relief Society tionally famous singer).

water heaters, fiberglass spires

LITTLEP.O. BOX 518GIANT/ 907 SEVENTHMANUFACTURINGSTREET / ORANGE, TEXAS 77630CO.

76 Improvement Era.

eied and again open to wide public Gates'recollections of her father's ther's voice was uttering them, use, some of her thoughts may prayers, in the family circle, afyour mind rarely wandered, your enhance its use and inspire those ford insight into the leadership thoughts were seldom estranged who enter its portals. She wrote President Young exercised in that from that distinct, clear, penetratof her birthplace: home. She wondered "how it was ing vibrant voice which prayed so

"A spirit of harmony and peace that father could frequently use lovingly and familiarly:

pervaded the historic old Lion the same simple metaphors to ex- "'Once more, Lord, we bow

House from its erection in 1856 press his wants and petitions, before thee. We thank thee for our

to the present time. This influence could phrase his prayers so nearly homes in these peaceful vales and

is a priceless inheritance from the the same for all the years of my for these mountain fastnesses father and his family who inhabremembrance, and yet while fawhich thou hast preserved as a ited it in Utah pioneer days, and Family instruction, music, and gathering place for thy people.

who dedicated the house on its prayer characterized the atmosWilt thou bless thy people. Raise

erection.... phere of the house. Susa Young up those who are bowed down,

"No more eloquent tribute could be paid to the character of

Brigham Young as husband and father than the love and harmony which marked that unparalleled modern family. The wives had no Richard L. Evans

the children asquarrels, so far

. all had The Spoken Word.. Theycan remember.

deep affection for each other....

No hatred, malice or venom was ever manifested in their long and what will... or what may be

busy lives....

colonialstyled Lion lines of Scrooge are pure and Dickens, the "The words from from some is soul:.. There also, the others that "Darkness Marley, deeply probe and as a home. designed wasHouse

it it,"is. Physical In 1 said liked Dickens. cheap, Scrooge and a way large indeed, family was "The

of darkness can mind from heart and come the costliest be—butso that system and regularity was darkness...,"captive, learned. doubleironed lessons to "Oh! and bound be

necessarily the foundation of all moaned Marley, "not to know that any Christian spirit working kindly intheir associated life—meals must its little sphere, whatever it may be, will find its mortal life too short for

be served on time, carefully porits vast means of usefulness! Not to know that no space of regret can

I! life's opportunities misused! Oh! Yet such was for one amends out, desmake especially wheretioned

..."l "Busiwere I!""But always a good you such was man of business. concerned;serts or were meats

hours for schooltime, rising and business.ness! criedThethecommonGhost, welfarewringingwashismy handsbusiness;again.charity,Mankindmercy, wasforbearmy

retiring must be carefully on ance, and benevolence were, all, my business. The dealings of my trade

schedule for so large a group of were but a drop of water in the comprehensive ocean of my business!...

children and mothers; all indiviWhy did I walk through the crowds of fellowbeings with my eyes turned

yet I to.? that a chance tonight have you, here you warn down. am of clothing, suppliesdual domestic

,"1 life. I in "I fate. chain forged the escaping of wear and hope. myof fruits, of pleasures as picsuch

free it link, of yard; link I girded yard it on and. by. by my own I made

nics, parties, celebrations and will, and of my own free will I wore it."All of us wear the chains of

theaters, all these must be dealt habits, attitudes, deeds, decisions; all of us need to search ourselves, with

out without either favoritism or too thoughtfulness and faithfulness to friends and family, with mellowing rigid an exactitude. Human values hearts, and coming closer to each other. "Are these the shadows of the

that be, the things of be, that they shadows or are things Will May considered. Yet there wasmust be

this, if I courses..."1 "Men's past all hope? only? show am me.. Why institutional of a suggestionnever

in, if they persevered to must certain ends, will which, foreshadow.

life under the sloping roofs of that lead.... But if the courses be departed from, the ends will change... Z'1

dwelling.unique I have these shown shadows that yet change you "Assure may me

it so grant teach."lessons that I will the they shut out... not 1 God too, is a strong proof me. "That,

of the divine impulses which aided with all of us, that not too late we learn these lessons.

father and the mothers to motivate their daily emotional sacrifices Quoted sentences selected from Charles Dickens, A Christmas Carol.

and to seek for the spirit of the * "The Spoken Word"from Temple Square,

Savior...."presented over KSL and the Columbia Broadcasting System Dec. 15, 1968. Copyright 1968.

February 1969 77 NIAGARA "rollassage"and strengthen the weak. Bless the orated for the labors of another

poor, the needy, the sick and afday. Grant unto us according to

flicted. Comfort the hearts of those thy tender mercy, and unto thee

that mourn; be a stay and a staff will we ascribe the honor and CHAIR

to the aged and a guide to the glory both now and forevermore, youth.... Bless the youth of thy in the name of Jesus Christ, we

people, that they may live and not ask. Amen.'

die, and that they may grow up "The tender benediction of that and serve thee. Bless our brethprayer,"wrote Mrs. Gates, "linren who are called to preach the gers, even now, in the dear old

gospel. Raise up friends unto prayerroom, and as long past

them, and remember their families prayers and praise, rise and haunt whom they leave at home. Bless the memory of one who lingers in

the honest in heart everywhere, that sacred room, the same sweet and give them everything requisite spirit floats out from the long ago for them to accomplish the work with silent lips and enfolds the

WORLDFAMOUS CHAIR which thou hast called them to do. living soul with a mantle of gra-

..."relieves minor MUSCLE PAIN, Hasten the day when we can recious peace.

turn and build the centerstake of Susa Young Gates'eldest daughTENSION & FATIGUE with Zion. Bless the Lamanites, and all ter, Leah, was born February 24,

heat and CYCLOMASSAGE those who seek to bring them to 1874, a few feet west of the Lion

ACTION a knowledge of their forefathers. House, where the Hotel Utah now

And now, we pray that we may stands. Nearly ninety years later,

I had the privilege of an unusual Beautiful... Colors and Styles have a night of rest and sleep,

and awake in the morning invigfour-generation tour of the Lion

CycloMassage Motors Moving Heat Built in World's Most Comfortable Chair Costs No More Than ComparFlight From Nauvoo able Chairs Without Heat &

Massage (February 4, 1846) By Joyce Torrence Conley

MAIL COUPON TODAY Left behind were ivarmth and comfort, for FREE 16page full color And precious things that made a gracious life:

booklet, "Research Reports"China brought from faroff homelands, or Silver, mirrors, chests, and keepsakes,

Phone 4847619—AC 801 Treasures of the families,

Good houses, built by their oivn hands;

All, all were left behind except their urgent needs. "'

Men, sad faces old beyond their time,

NIAGARA CYCLOMASSAGE Women, crying babies at their breasts,

And other wee ones clinging Niagara Intermountain Cold and fearful at their skirts, 2368 South State Street Forebore to look at flames their persecutors spread

Salt Lake City, Utah 84115 While pillaging their city even as they fled.

The ice upon the river groaned beneath the weight (Local Address) As one by one the heavy wagons,

You can get this information Fleeing from the hate behind them,

MAILED to you FREE. Made their iveary way across.

Name And bitter, bitter, bitter was the cold;

Address And often bloody were the footprints

City State Zip They left upon the snow.

78 Improvement Era.

House in the company of that daughter, Leah D. Widtsoe; my

wife; my daughter; and my daughter's baby, my granddaughter MeMercury Specials!

lissa. I had eaten hundreds of FOR AS LITTLE AS

meals in the Lion House—as a

PER 100high school student when it was *fO./Printed on3 finest plain or panthe LDS College cafeteria, and as eled vellum wedding papers in

member, neighbor, frequent visisharp, clean new type faces.

tor, and guest at wedding recep100 PERtions, family reunions, and dinner $7.75

Raised letters (thermography) clubs. My own'mother, Mrs. beautiful and distinctive and

George H. Durham, had been the a sincere value at this price.

manager of the house for nearly

PERtwenty years when it was known as $19.75 100—engraved Genuine steel die

the "Lion House Social Center."Engraving plate sent with your

But that meal and family visit order. 5-day delivery if needed.

with my motherin-law, my wife, ORDER WITH COMPLETE CONFIDENCE. SATmy own daughter, and my grand ISFACTION GUARANTEED OR YOUR MONEY

WILL BE PROMPTLY AND CHEERFULLY REdaughter, the direct descendants FUNDED.

of Susa, the first child born in All Wedding Invitations and Announcements that house, was a special occasion. Tissued and Inserted into Inside Envelopes.

all finest the which including 60 styles from elegant vellums to choose and I had known Mrs. Gates, had been Over

in silver pastels. enclosures, beautiful informals, Also gray thank parchments and

one of her "favorite clerks"in the you notes, at home cards, napkins, photo albums, wedding books, and many other

ZCMI grocerteria, while a univeraccessories.

sity undergraduate, before I met FREESend 25cETIQUETTE(50c if airmailWHEEL.requested) (credited on your order) for catalog, samples and

my wife, her granddaughter. But 24hour (in our plant) service if desired.

1963, day inon that summer in E R C U R four wonof those Y SALT146 EASTLAKE SIXTHCITY'SOUTHUTAH STREET841 } ]the company CO. PUBLISHING

derful women—descendants of Name.

to Lion ceased HouseSusa—the Address

of cafeteriabe the college my high school days, the social center of City. State Zipmy mother's careful management,

the place I had frequented with good friends, daily and weekly. It Temples and the

became what it was in the beginning, a home. It enfolded me, as LatterdaySaints

the memory of Brigham's prayer child his lovingenfolded peace.""with a mantle of gracious Susa, BT*W!f IDEAL FOR HOME,

There are few places of "harCLASSROOM, times. in these peace"andmony MISSIONARY USE, AND

all Lion the I hope who enter House will remember the words IADVANCEMENT SEMINARS of Susa Young Gates: 50c a copy

"A spirit of harmony and peace 40c a copy for 25 or more pervaded the historic old Lion

House from its erection in 1856 Order from The Improvement Era to the present time. This influence 79 S. State Salt Lake City, Utah 84111

is a priceless inheritance from the father and his family who inhabited it in Utah pioneer days, and HELP WANTED LDS BOYS RANCH

Electric Rewinder Motor MAKE OF YOUR A SON MAN dedicated the house on itswho

Three desired. exp. & phase Tetons horseback Grand anderection."with O SingleSalary commensurate exp. river trips,.. ranch. Logging, for canoe... Write work

C. W. Silver Co., Inc. free brochure: Winter Headquarters, Rendez550 W. 7th So. vous Ranch, 994 Grandview Road, Brigham

Salt Lake City, Utah 84101 City, Utah 84302.... 1216 yrs. ages

February 1969 79 End of an Era

My three children are at A man stopped at a motel the perfect age—too old to cry. and asked for a room.

at night and too young to "Do you want an $8.00 room or

Life borrow my car. a $10.00 room?"asked the

Among difference?"manager. "What's"The $10.00the

the Each boy and girl, and every room has free TV."

adult also, is infinitely Mormons valuable. None is to be It is as easy to give advice

rejected, none written off, none to yourself as to others, neglected or left without At a ward council meeting the conscious concern of—Austinand as useless.O'Mallev last fall, we brothers devoted and sisters

were amused when in the kingdom of God. The most incontrovertible

the bishop of our university—Elder Marion D. Hanks statement of the year was

ward, responding to the made by a 15year-old on challenge of Developing our human an essay on the subject a visiting General capabilities to the fullest is what "Prehistoric Times.""In

Authority, ultimately matters most. prehistoric times, stated the

committed himself student Call it boldly, "books were whatever humanism—or to a goal of scarce."very is clearly that what 80 percent—but average attendance

in final the education analysis at sacrament is all about. The patient visited the

meetings. We ivere then—Robert S. McNamara physician weekly,

averaging over 120 percent complaining about a bad visitors attendance, with back. There to seemed Talking over our problems the social share who came to be no real reason for it, and discussion topic the was advantages of an patient and physician recent one of our family home both allsingle-student ivard. But at were puzzled. Then the evenings. next The

line the real punch came a patient didn't show up I told fiveyear-old morning my later ivhen months few for several weeks, and to task daughter that do a the membership clerk she didn't usually enjoy doing. finally the doctor spotted announced After a few minutes of him in the supermarket. that with an influx of silence, she said, "I talked it "I found out what was membership records, the over with myself and decided wrong,"the patient

percentage had dropped to I wouldn't do it."sheepishly admitted. "We 96 about some ultramodern Mrs. Alvin S. Johnson, got percent.—ive're "Well, Lovell, Wyoming furniture at the office,

getting closer to our goal,"and I suddenly discovered observed. he for which I had been sitting on the

Alfred G. Gunn, Seattle, Wash. Humns—Hymns you don't know the words. wastebasket for two

—-T. Kirkwood Collins months!"

'End of an Era"will pay $3 for humorous anecdotes and experiences that relate to the Latterday Saint way of life. Maximum length 150 words.

80 Improvement Era SEE THE INTRESTADO DEALER CLOSEST TO YOU

Carpenter, Inc. Natural Stone &

Montgomery, Alabama Masonry Materials, Inc.

Dallas Ceramic Company Carson City, Nevada

Birmingham, Alabama NORTH CAROLINA

Dallas Ceramic Company ARIZONA

N.C. Monarch Tile Mfg. Inc. Greensboro,

Phoenix, Arizona OKLAHOMA Monarch Tile Mfg. Inc. PlunkettOklahomaCo.City,of OklahomaOklahoma Arizona Tucson,

Plunkett Co. of Oklahoma ARKANSAS

Oklahoma Facings of Arkansas Tulsa,

Little Rock, Arkansas SOUTH CAROLINA

Center TheTile F.G.WhittTileDist.Co.

S. C. Columbia,

Little Rock, Arkansas, Floorco, Inc.

CALIFORNIA S.C. C. L. Frost Charleston,

Monterey, California TENNESSEE

Marble Dist. F.G. Whitt&

Walker & Za'nger Tennessee California Memphis, Glendale,

Dallas Ceramic Company Dallas CeramicCo.

Tennessee California Nashville, Sacramento,

DelPisoTileCo. TEXAS

Anaheim, California Ashcraft Tile Company

Dillon Tile Tyler, Texas San Francisco, Calif. EllerbeTileDist., Inc.

COLORADO El Paso, Texas Robinson Brick & TileCo. Dallas Ceramic Co.

Denver, Colorado Dallas, Texas

FLORIDA Dallas Ceramic Co.

Moyer Tile & Marble Houston, Texas

Jacksonville, Tile Co. Florida Master

of Stylon Miami Texas Houston,Intrestado gives a new Florida Miami, kind of wallto-wall WinterWatson Park,Distributors,Florida Inc. MonarchAustin, TexasTile Service

excitement to homes, Tallahassee,Cambridge TileFloridaCompany SanMonarchAntonio,Tile SalesTexasCo.

schools, churches and Drew Tile Supply Olmos Building industrial buildings. Tampa,Dallas CeramicFloridaCompany San MaterialsAntonio, Co.Texas

Warm, earthy colors GEORGIATampa, Florida UnitedHouston,TileTexasSales and eight intriguing patterns Atlanta,Dallas CeramicGeorgiaCo. UTAHInterstate Brick Company

blend beautifully with a myriad Atlantic Tile Supply Salt Lake City, Utah of architectural moods. Intrestado IDAHOSavannah, Georgia CaffallTile&SupplySalt Lake City, Utah Co.

floor tile is particularly striking in Leading designers are ChandlerBoise, IdahoSupply Co. SaltEliasLakeMorrisCity,& SonsUtahCo.

Intrestado, specifying Brick Messengerhallways, foyers, walks, patios, stairways & K Company C Tile Supply another product Masonry great new Utah Logan, Idaho Idaho Falls, and walls, and offers so many advantages by Interstate Brick. KANSAS VIRGINIA

such as permanent color, durability, and a Self'sWichita, Kansas MorrisTileRichmond, DistributorsVirginia

TileSupply Companyminimum of maintenance. KENTUCKYLouisville Tile Distributors Va. FallsChurch,

Louisville, Kentucky MorrisTile Dist. of Norfolk

LOUISIANA Norfolk, Virginia Ceramic Company WASHINGTON Orleans, La. NewDallas

Brick Co. Builders

Sales M&MTile Seattle, Washington

La. Shreveport,

WYOMING MARYLAND BuildersSupply Powers MidEast Ceramics Cheyenne, Wyoming Baltimore, Maryland

MISSISSIPPI

ISLANDS H. L. Cooke Dist. Co. VIRGINSt. Croix TradingCo. Miss. Jackson,

Christiansted,St.

MISSOURI Croix CeramicTile Services, Inc. Christiansted,Masonery Products,St. CroixInc. St. Louis, Missouri

Paschal Distributing Co. PUERTO RICO

Springfield, Missouri Commerical Adolph S. Pagan, Inc.

NEWMEXICO San Juan, Puerto Rico

Crest Tile Co. Sues. De A Mayol and Co., Inc.

Albuquerque, New Mexico

INTERSTATE

3100 SOUTH 11 00 EAST SALT LAKE CITY COMPANY UTAH.

Second Class Postage Paid at Salt Lake City, Utah

.. Puzzled

about which life insurance

Do you hear confusing statements like these? move "Young families should have lots of term insurance.

"Endowment policies are best; they build future values."to make? "You need mortgage insurance first."

"Don't buy insurance; invest in the stock market."

Fact is, there may be halftruths in all of these statements... but they may not apply to your family, your income,

your personal financial needs.

Seeing that you get the financial facts that are right for you is strictly a job for an expert...

You can count on the counsel you'll get from your

Beneficial man; he'll prescribe for your needs as carefully

as he would for his own.