7/Hmprouemenr Era

'"f.*r

''v':.---.;-:

A S

f

mm

-X It actually works out this way: the more gas service you use,

the more money you save! Let us show you how it can be done.

See your Gas Appliance Dealer, Plumber, Heating Contractor or

MOUNTAIN FUEL SUPPLY COMPANY Serving Utah and Wyoming with Natural Gas—* The Modern Fuel

EXPLORING. -F-e-lo >

* THE. month of fantasy

and facts..

when all mealtimes By FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR. call for

HThe best information available on the occurrence of nearsightedness indicates that race and heredity play a more important role than civilization.

Dy making copper radioactive it has been found that the liver gets the heaviest concentration of copper as it goes into the body of cattle. The cracker that's

Tt has been found that too little sleep perfect accompaniment

A for too many nights retards the to soups, salads growth of white rats and makes them and beverages.

irritable,very but it does not affect Indispensable for partytheir ability to learn.

freshments!

T)eople begin to lose their hand strength at the age of twentyfive.

HpHE control of the Klamath weed in

California is being attempted with an Australian weedeating beetle which feeds only on this plant.

Tf the conditions are favorable a single bacterium may divide into two bacteria every thirty minutes. If there

were sufficient food and the bacteria could get out of each other.'s way a

single bacterium might produce no less than a hundred million million bacteria in twentyfour hours.

TJTairs and horns are stronger length- * A wise than sidewise, but nails, especially a baby's nails, are weaker lengthwise, particularly after soaking in water.

Tyrosinase, which turns potatoes black, with another chemical urethane, has been found to be of some value in treatment of leukemia.

HThe annual crop of microscopic toosmall-tobe-seen plants in the English Channel alone gives nearly six tons of digestible food an acre. The

oceans cover threefifths of the earth's surface, and on most parts microscopic plants float in surface water.

"PxperimentsR. Moore haveby Professorfound thatRaymondlodgepole pine and aspen when treated to

prevent decay make a cheap source of fence posts.

"Desistance of white leghorns to fowl "typhoid has been increased by injecting the bacteria into the white leghorns and using only the resistant in- P M H dividuals for breeding. Mortality was

reduced by about ninety percent in the PURITY BISCUIT 0 $AL? 1AKE—PHOENIX

fifth generation.

FEBRUARY 1949 65 yAroam /llmpraucmcnfEra "THE VOICE OF THE CHURCH"1949

w IIII1;:|k>>;

II:.- -:::.::::. II VOLUME 52

wilto NUMBER 2

\\ PMafcJ OFFICIAL ORGAN OF THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS, DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION,

MUSIC COMMITTEE, WARD TEACHERS, AND OTHER AGENCIES OF THE CHURCH OF JESUS CHRIST OF LATTERDAY SAINTS

The Editor's Page The Cover

for traditional Gold month As to This Generation George Albert Smith 73 The balls, Sweetheart Green or and

Church Features February brings to the cover of the

An Apostle Speaks About Marriage to John and Mary Era one of the queens of a colorful

Ball Gold and Green Dorothy—74 Kimball Spencer W. of cover Stake. Phoenix Doyle The Giles 80 D* John Do You Read Church History Correctly?—II tastefully picture the taken on was Baptism for the Dead in Ancient Times—HI Hugh Nibley 90 landscaped grounds of the beautiful Evidences and Reconciliations: CXXXII—What Is Eternal ProgresThird Ward chapel, Phoenix, Arision?...John A Widtsoe 97 zona.

The Church Moves On 68 Missionaries Leaving for the Field.. 106

Melchizedek Priesthood 102 This Month with Church PublicaNo-LiquorTobacco Column 103 tions 127

The Presiding Bishopric's Page 104

Special Features

The Most Attractive Quality—Let's Talk It Over... Mary Brentnall 77

The Pony Express Ray H* Fisher 78

The Church and Modern Society; II—The Social Need for Faith

G. Homer Durham 84

Latterday Saint Pioneers and the Old Spanish Trail

William R* Palmer 88 The Right and Power to Act for Oneself Thornton Y t Booth 92

The Spoken Word from Temple Square.Richard L. Evans 93

Exploring the Universe, Franklin Homing: Nevertheless, Wheat for

S. Harris, Jr 65 Man, P. K. Edmunds 98

These Times: It's a Practical Cook's Corner, Josephine B.

World, G. Homer Durham 67 Nichols 99

Dear Editor:—A Letter from EngHandy Hints 101

land 70 Indian Humor, J. N. Washburn 116

On the Bookrack. 95 Your Page and Ours 128

Editorials "These We Honor"Marba C* Josephson 96

The Strength of Silent Sermons Albert L, Zobell, Jr. 96 Editors

George Albert Smith Stories, Poetry John A. Widtsoe

Rough Going Frank Richardson Pierce 83 ManagingRichard L.EditorEvans

the Firing Albert Fort R* on 86 The Lyman V Line—Part Editor Managing

Frontispiece: Little Farmer, of Nell Freedom, 94 Assistant Growth Cox My Doyle L. Green

Bessie 71 Ruth Message, Wolvington 107 Harwood

Editor Associate Poetry Live, 72 Page Dreams Evelyn Where W. Josephson C. Marba Rug, Clara Speer Aiken Viner 119 76 Rag

* GeneralElbert ManagerR. Curtis

Executive and Editorial Offices:

Associate Manager Salt City 1, Utah Lake Main Street, 50 North

Bertha S. Reeder

Inc., Copyright 1949 Funds, a Corporation by Mutual of the Young

Business Manager Christ of the Association Jesus Church of Improvement Men's Mutual

Giles John D. price, Saints. reserved. All rights Subscription of Latterday a $2.50

year, in advance; foreign subscription, $3.00 a year, in advance; 25c Editorial Associates

single copy. Elizabeth J. Moffitt

Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah, as secondclass Albert L. Zobell, Jr.

matter. Acceptance for mailing at special rate of postage provided for Advertising Director

in section 1 103, Act of October 1917, authorized July 2, 1918. Verl F. Scott

The Improvement Era is not responsible for unsolicited manuscripts, National Advertising Representatives but welcomes contributions. Edward S. Townsend,

All manuscripts must be accompanied by sufficient postage for delivery and return. San Francisco and Los Angeles

Change of Address: Dougan and Bolle,

Fifteen days'notice required for change of address. When ordering a change, please include Chicago and New York

address slip from a recent issue of the magazine. Address changes cannot be made unless the old Member, Audit Bureau of Circulations

address as well as the new one is included.

66 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA IT'S A PRACTICAL WORLD!

is rolling and the annual meeting is

These Times merely a show. This is unfair of man,

but prejudice always runs a race with

By DR. G. HOMER DURHAM intellect, and an occasional win for

Head of Political Science Department and both is to be expected.

Director of the Institute of Government,

University of Utah At the June 3, 1947, meeting the following colloquy occurred when

HThe application o the Christian the management invited questions from doctrines of the fatherhood of those present:

of the brotherhood and manGod considered a you Have A Stockholder: in certainly sledding rough has are on the Board? There the woman some very

practical world. They are eternal capable women. I'm not, so I am not talktruths, and to mention them, in ing about myself. (Laughter)

organ tones, brings a warm emotional The President: I think it is the endeavor

response. To stand outside a motionof the Board of Directors to have the best

picture theater box office, and see a talent it can possibly get on the Board.

humble couple, the husband in rough Men certainly have no corner on brains.

workman's clothing, the wife in a thin, So far, we have not encountered a woman threadbare coat, the anxious children well enough trained in all branches of our

I in business position, to that carry but on in his see fumble the father—then it. is there assure against provision no you coins to the proper to countpockets

it seriStockholder: give Will you Theadmit the family—brings a lump to the ous consideration?

throat and a "God bless mankind"to The President: We will.

the lips. As well as pathos, the world

is full of kindly deeds and secret ChrisAnd that was that. The brotherhood

tian service. But the fact remains that of man and the sisterhood of women

idealism travels a rocky road. in Standard of New Jersey, at least

until a "woman well enough trained"

Temocracy as a principle of social comes along, appear to be separate organization, in the state, in the items. Skiers Stay

labor, business, agricultural, and proAt the June 1, 1948, meeting after the nominations were made by "a institutionsfessional of life, the even The world's most famous stockholder,""stockholder"another path.family, travels a difficult Democracy, in a very practical sense, relies rose and the following took place: skiers are our guests. Befor principles its sucChristian theon

Chairman, Mr. not A Stockholder: I am If children, cause the Hotel Utah is withcess. are God's all men rising the of to nominate anybody, but one

brothers, theretherefore should be lady stockholders in an hour's drive of Utah's trustreal basis for mutual and conmind you that she..has. hasa growingasked meinterestto refidence. in eventually having a woman on the Board major ski resorts, our reputaof Directors. She would like you not to

T recently received a copy of the forget that. tion as ski headquarters has

stenographic report of the annual The Chairman: Let me repeat what Mr.

meeting of the Standard Oil Company Holman (president of the firm) said last traveled far and wide. When

find year: as soon As a we woman who 1, 1948. heldof Jersey, June New

think could helpful business to the be at the Hotel stay you ski, inwe reports the most are amongSuch of as the will Board, a member want we times. ofteresting these documents her. (Applause) of at Utah, the Crossroads giant internal a operations ofThe: I Stockholder the that [Who?] move A

corporation have fascinating interest, nominations be closed and that the secretary Skiing America.

as do the inner mechanisms of governbe empowered to cast one ballot.

ment and labor. However, in studying The Chairman: Unfortunately that can't

these excellentlyproduced reports, I be done. We will have to go through with

have always wished I could identify the ballot.... I may add that those who

the speakers, most of whom, in putting have already forwarded proxies to the questions from the floor, are usually management need not sign separate ballots referred to as "A Stockholder."Who unless they desire to do so.

nominates the officers of the corpora- A little later in the meeting a propostion, the board of directors and presial was entertained from a Mr. Lewis

dent, who puts forth other vital mo- D. Gilbert as follows:

tions pertaining to company business?

One may be curious, but the printed Resolved: That following the annual

minutes (which are circulated to the meeting the poststockholder meeting republic as part of the company's pubport sent out shall identify the names of lic relations goodwill program) alstockholders addressing the meeting.

ways refer to these primemovers as This proposal was recommended on "A Stockholder."Accordingly, cynibehalf "of the little fellows who can't

cal man usually assumes "the worst,"attend"and on the grounds that alnamely, that the company "machine"{Concluded on page 124)

FEBRUARY 1949 67 dr\=, \n L/nWte\i

New Appointments to ment Associations. At the present time

M.I.A. General Boards she is a member of the board of di-

"Dour new appointments augment the rectors of the Neighborhood House.

general boards of the Mutual ImShe married John Farr Larson in 1939, provement Associations. The three and they have three children, two boys

young women, Winnifred C. Jardine, and a girl.

Ann C. Larson, and Florence B. Pin- "pLORENCE B. Pinnock, formerly a

nock, served on the former general member of the Gleaner committee board and have been recalled to servof the general board, will serve on the ice; E. Allen Bateman, active Scout Bee Hive committee under her reapman for thirtyfive years, has been appointment. A daughter of the late H.

pointed to the Y. M. M. I. A. general Wallace Boden and Ruby Irvine

board. Boden, Sister Pinnock is a graduate of

VS7innifred C. Jardine, daughter of the University of Utah. She directed

service cooking a and work by GREYHOUND! Winnifred Morhome Y, and Clawson conprior school her to marriage and

wide experience has had height of the brightrell Cannon, the This is school broadcooking ducted a radio light season in romantic Eastern in Church and professional work. A cast following her marriage.

she College, State of graduate Iowa plays, enYou'll Cities. see the best in experience Church activities Her and for Company, Swift and worked historic attractions, joy cultural and positions the included has of ward

shrines. Ask your local Overland later as head of the home economics Gleaner president, Gleaner leader,

the for American Meat moneydepartment about Agent Greyhound supervisor. has stake She Gleaner

this posiheld also same Institute. She schedules, fares, convenient saving in the also experience Sunday had

in station Kansas radio tion for KMBC literature. colorful FREE, and organizations. School Primary and she In maryear. 1946 for one City

is literary the of leader she Currently they have B. two Jardine; Stuart ried V Relief Society. Valley View Ward a writes weekly present she sons. At E B'LAN.DO U is R of the S. Pinwife Lawrence She G EYH-0

for Deseret News. feature food The the sons nock, and mother and of two by LINES Operated INTERSTATE TRANSIT secretary as began work Church Her INC. PACIFIC STAGES, and UNION a daughter. for the Sunday School when she was

twelve. Since that time she has occupied the positions of Sunday School

Pioneer Music Company teacher, counselor and president of the

Y.W.M.I.A., Gleaner, Junior leader,

The Finest in Pianos and Beekeeper, as well as dance diMASON & HAMLIN rector. Sister Jardine has been assigned

KNABE to the speech department of the genEVERETT eral board.

CABLENELSON JESSE FRENCH

FLORENCE B. PINNOCK E. ALLEN BATEMAN

"C Allen Bateman, newly appointed * to the general board of the Y.M.

M.I.A., has had a wide variety of experiences in Church activity as well as

in the educational field. He is married

to Orrel Greenwood, and they have

WINNIFRED C. JARDINE ANN C. LARSON a family of eight, seven girls and one

boy. Dr. Bateman, who obtained his

Ann C. Larson, assigned to the Bee Ph.D. from Columbia in 1940, is aUtah's Most Complete Sheet Music Hive committee on the general scouter of thirtyfive years'standing. Department board, is the daughter of Eli J. and He enrolled as a Scout in 1912, and

We Specialize in Ann Elizabeth Hawkins Clayson. She since that time has always done Scout Church Music—Choral Music is a graduate of Brigham Young Uniwork. He has served as scoutmaster

Music for Every Occasion versity and filled a mission to the in three stakes, as district Scout comPlease send me information on a Eastern States in 193638. She has missioner in the old Jordan Stake, and

Spinette Grand been active in the various auxiliary oras a member of the executive staff of

Name ganizations of the Church from her the Salt Lake and Logan Scout counearliest youth, acting as organist, cils, holding the position of chairman of

Address chorister, and class leader in the Mutucamping and activities in both places, al, in Salt retained School, position he Primary, which Lake and ReSundayBEESLEY MUSIC COMPANY lief a Society. until recently her on made While when he was she was St. 70 South Main

Salt Lake City, Utah mission, she servedas mission director vice president of the Salt Lake counof the Primary and Mutual Improvecil. For two years he was president

68 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA of the Logan council. He also has been

awarded the Silver Beaver for his meritorious service.

In addition to his scouting work he Vow superintendenthas of been a ward Y.M.

secretary SchoolM.I.A., Sunday of a M Costs aYstake board, and a member of two stake * Get Good

high councils: Cottonwood and Sugar

House.

He has taught in high school and has principal of thebeen High Murray su- r.Mfc "In addition served asSchool. he

perintendent of the Murray city schools and of the Logan city schools.

At the present time he is the state superintendent of.public instruction in

Utah.

WALLACE

BENNETTF.

Wallace F. Bennett

T Ttah and Salt Lake City received much favorable comment as Wallace F. Bennett, Salt Lake City businessman and manufacturer was elected

president of the National Association 1949. for the year Manufacturersof

his busThe Baler Most Any Farmer Bennett, besides Elder many iness activities, is treasurer of the Gait Afford to Own

Deseret Sunday School Union general board. His wife, Frances Grant The big thing in hay quality is timing. With your own Case

Bennett, the youngest daughter of the SlicerBaler you can start baling at the very hour your hay is at before vitamins, steals color and sunbleach peak, before is Grant, a its late President Heber J. cuts shatter. you gain Every hour leaves to causes overcuring the of general board of themember

rain or dew. risk by of the damage down superintendAssociation andPrimary other. than any farmers is used SlicerBaler more by Case The Hospital. Children's of the Primary ent his afford can farmer that any most in price It moderate is so

children, of five have couple twoThe that simple complicated is free It from own. mechanism—so for missions serving three their sons it that) sturdy it so 'proven it. have of use Years operate boys

the Church, as their father was named takes very little upkeep. From hay on the ground to bales on the

N. A. M. chief. However, one son, wagon it requires but little labor. You save on everything

Wallace G. Bennett, received his remoney, time, labor and feeding values.

lease as secretary of the European With a Case SlicerBaler you get firm, neat bales of uniform into weather, against in time to come Mission wire the standard It uses New York size. tie—proof up into his father bales open home. long hauls. The and handling and accompany sects, rough

Time, the weekly news magazine, portions like sliced bread, easy to feed without knocking off quoted President Bennett as saying: leaves.

"The man who sweeps out the plant Now equipped with new feed auger, this lowcost baler works still calls me Wallace."fast in all crops. It handles windrows from 7-foot swaths at the

same speed as tractor mower and rake. It "stays in step,"to give

Scout Pioneer Trek you uniformity of curing—to put up all your hay at its prime.

Come thirtyfive Scouts and Explorer Scouts hiked over the last portion of the Pioneer Trail, from Qualitymilk in thein haypail, paysby finishbig rewards—byon growing

Henefer, Utah, to the "This Is the animals, by savings of grain and protein

Place"monument, in late December, concentrates. Plan now to get these gains

under the direction of Boy Scout Comby putting up your hay the prompt, lowmissioners Malcolm Ellingson and Edcost way—with a Case SlicerBaler. See

for free dealer. booklet Write Case your is Phillips. the third such This C. ward ask Hay"; HighProtein to Make "How

it is hike, to winter expected be and SlicerBaler, the new on the for folders an annual event. Before starting, the Case Forage Harvester, tractor rakes and

Scouts and Explorer Scouts were given mowers, any size tractor or kind of imsnowshoe lessons at Liberty Park. plements or machines you need. Address

(Concluded on page 123) J. I. Case Co., Dept. B-44, Racine, Wis.

FEBRUARY 1949 69 cooking. We get on an average of

Dear Editor: one shell egg each, per week, so,

of course, we dare not use any for cooking. /Conditions in England today are ** described in a homey and pic- I also read on this page about a turesque manner in the following letcanister set being made out of empty ter, recently received at The Imtwo-pound shortening cans. I preprovement Era offices. sume that shortening means fat

(which we call lard). Surely, it is

not possible to buy as much as two

November 3, 1948 pounds at one time? If so, I wonder

if the American housewife realizes have been wondering if you just how lucky she is? We get one

would like to hear from one of ounce each per week. This is called

I your readers in England. Well, lard, but in reality is some substitute

anyway, I am risking it and writing and is so hard that we have to warm it in the flour. a few lines to you. it before we can rub

it may be that in Ameri- I received The Improvement Of course,

See It! Era last year through the kindness ca things are so dear that you do

of a cousin of mine in Salt Lake not buy such a lot as you might

I mean is this: Hear Itl City, and occasionally I have one otherwise do? What

lent me by one of the elders of the nearly all jam is now off the ration, it, as Play It! L.D.S. Church. but we have not gone mad on

My family do not go to the L.D.S. the price is too high. Also, shoes

AT Church, but my two daughters and have been off the ration for a long their husbands are all Sunday time, but they are anything from

School teachers at the Baptist two pounds to three pounds per pair, i $i*>cg<WMon Church in Hillsbro'. My cousin in so people just cannot afford to buy

259 South State Street Salt Lake City wrote to ask if a them very often.

friend of hers (who was on a mis- I also notice that there is a lot

Salt Lake City sion in Sheffield ) might call and see of talk of freezing certain foods, so us, and of course, I was only too I take it that most housewives pospleased to meet anyone who knew sess a refrigerator? It is only the

my relations. Since then, we have very latest and expensive flats which

met quite a lot of these boys, and contain a refrigerator. They are

we are always pleased to see them. certainly a necessity in the modern

are very "easy"300 They pleasant. and very

fourroomed house and have a celKOLOB -* parties and ask threeWeorto getfourhaveonoflittlewiththe houses,keep theasfoodtherecool.are Weno cellarslive in toa XI boys, either at my home or my lar. We keep the coal in this cellar

is also daughter's. We usually all help and also a food box. There

a stone table, and we find this keeps with the food—either a bit of fat or

tea and sugar, etc., and it doesn't the food nice and cool. Of course,

come too heavy on one. we cannot freeze anything.

the way, whenever the MorMy youngest daughter has been m By mon boys call, the first thing we say married just over a year and has v is for for usually: house her a in. had come "Oh, name down to them &\ m will off years, probthings over she down, your and sit and two BRING THE WESTS Take

and we will make you a cup of tea."ably have to wait another four years,

We cannot get used to the idea of so she has to think herself lucky to

SERVICE their not taking tea. We then prohave two rooms and use of a kitchen

TO YOUR ceed to make them cocoa, but to my for a high price, so the working mind, this is not very refreshing (no class do not stand much chance. I TOWN HOME

is the wonder they prefer water to this expect the same thing happens in your community The KOLOB Agent in friendliest in to serve it? it man your stuff ). sickly doesn't America, Anyway, is our way town—readyefficiently lowevery insurance at need and

Editor, cost, to that pleased Well, dear represents the he I do hope you of showing Intermountain because we are largest West's writing to you, not anyone. minded have my Strong stock Company General policies—prompt,Insurance Agency.fair see settlement of claims. it is interesting think to hear I quite like to read your but Well, I do

magazine. I like the page of poetry, about other people's way of living.

but the page that intrigues me most Don't you?

is the Cookery Corner. Some of the Yours very sincerely,

ingredients we have never heard of, (s) Mrs. Nellie Goodison

such as: tuna, pimento, cantaloupe, 87 Taplin Road,

FRANK SALISBURY, Mgr. etc. Also, of course, the egg yolks Hillsborough,

330 Judge Bldg. Salt Lake City are a thing of the past, as regards Sheffield 6, England

70 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

IISFM::-mwMSM

li=ss

';CI: ":i

.:

..:,::.:

lllllll

..:::: -:,

mmmmm

-Photograph by Pinney of Monkmeyer

(grourtty of $tnbam By BESSIE WOLVINGTON

IUhat man is foolish who would plant a field

Of corn, then speaking to his neighbor say:

"Next fall this fertile plot will surely yield

A splendid crop,"while weed and insects prey

Upon the struggling plants. Or there could be

One who for want of skill in orchard lore

Puts in the ground a healthy apple tree

And leaves it to the mercy of the bore

And other kindred pests, then shows surprise

When blighted fruit falls early, and around

The tree frustration meets inquiring eyes

In useless wastage pebbling the ground.

Like these, man's freedom needs incessant care

And freedom is each one's supreme affair.

FEBRUARY 1949 PONDERING By Michael Bennett A s I stood at the window and looked into ** space, Admiring each cloud as it formed a new face, it left not a LOVE SONG FOR THE SEASONS OF MEMORIES And trace;as it passed on, how

to wander and By Elaine V. Emans By Sylvia Probst Young My questionedthoughts theseemedreason:

carefree, If seek a not clouds and can be trivial can four kept just memories, I have understand I make youTJTow And place *** Still * little seasons things poignantly these is life a contest, themselves, such For why all necessary years,Are back: come to me my race a

sprightliest fingers reathe the of slender racing o'er I advanceThough Your rule of out power, and supremacy, keys For sons? familiar track the piano—the Of season?

lane; I say bare feet the feathery first green which appears along a woodland Of small

In the spring is like a song I lost and A crimson scarf you wore about your I wonder if God could be holding the found, head; answers

And the birds returning are my heart come The home. The liltsimpleof yourlittlebrightprayerlaughteryou alwaysin the said;rain; And whiteshowingdancersus clouds with their fleecy

I say each summer fragrance, sight, and That us the weakness of greedy addarning—need I say you couldn't To teach

sound, sew vancers.

Is in glasses sliding than the reading sweeter honey Those down your the comb it will nose; giveBecause to haze I know way do I wethinknothowaspirethe earthto futuresis today;of

scribbled scarlet burnished gold a yellow and maple YourAnd rose WhyI crylaughteras memos—and

tied burning. a bow. way you In my lapel—the And gaiety—far from the goals we are I tell that extravagant, could love be why you I must have my winter days Was after?

To try and temper me. But need for the We pay so high a price, my heart and I? It's sad, for the world could have learned

turning how to play.

Of the seasons cannot yet be understood

By one without this country in one's THIS HOUR How often I watch as though searching in blood. vain

By Catherine E. Berry For a sign from above, maybe waiting for

rain. "Crom dawn to dark the busy hours Maybe only a sigh as the clouds pass dear, without you, by *- Go REFLECTIONS help tasks daily speed And the time Howagain.often I watch, yet not seeing at all,

By Alice M, Burnett Until you're once more near; Merely hoping and praying for him who

But when the twilight hour has come, will reign, ftflv eyes are the windows through which I stand beside the gate, Who is coming to silence the sin and the

Listening for your footsteps, love, pain, will anare righteous I while wait the men who And Knowing by; world hurrying that goesThe

call. his little that swer This hour crowns my day vulture, in old perched tree an deadA

its part, in brief Holds lie. clear pools the where sunbeamsOr

till of the wait the morn But do that life the happiness All of why we rise, woman's heart!I life's garden, see with loathsome weed Can give a life? toglance begin our new As we To flower, fair; a so sweet andOr skies, the ward killing for tyranny, greed, fame andA of the wisest for quest the truth from In a BABY child's ANOTHER clasped hands, in prayer. aOr wise,

lesson, learn great a observing could We Giraldin Pat By brilliant dull I see the the or hue, veil that part, or prismatic drabEach white, billowy clouds are which Those in the house baby crystal clear windows,For Another and true, my eyes; crossing our just one, small to hold too thought is in heart.Reflect what We my sin, fight, blaswithout without Without hearts hold But can always somehow

lies, phemous overrun. house a seem makes What their arrive at They'll object—though

mankind will fail.

THE HEART HAS REASONS 1 By Maude Ludington Cain PIONEER WOMEN 1 1 rHE heart has reasons never understood * By reason in its eager quest for truth: By Gertrude Ryder Bennett

A halcyon faith in some high dream of youth... T always thought they left their homes and

A search for beauty when the senses would * went

Retreat from each dismaying sound and Into the wilderness, their hearts afire, sight... Loving adventure, loath to be content

Defiant banners of a hope deferred—ARTIST OF TAPESTRY With peaceful hearths, and stirred by

The lifted eye, the smile, the ardent word strange desire.

These kindle fires against a darkening By Merle Johnson But now I know that there were those who night. cast

f ove is a tapestry Long, hungry looks behind, who saw the

So, when the courage fades and ebbs and *-'Hung on my heart, trail dies, Brilliant its colors and rare. Ahead of them, were haunted by the past.

When every follower of the just cause Gentle the master and These women were the leaves caught in a falls, Great was his art gale.

When swords are snapped and blood As he fashioned the tapestry there. Love came to them with devastating power.

streams in the eyes, Their men were theirs, and they would

Some unquenched flame revives; some clear Weaving a background with follow them

voice calls; Threads of pure joy and Not love that blossoms lightly for an hour

And hordes rise up to stem the tide of Kisses of delicate radiance and hue, But love that to the plant is root and stem.

woe... He fashions an exquisite The way these women went, I go today

The heart has reasons REASON cannot Scene to enjoy. Hearttorn and helplessly. Love leads the

know. And the artist, my dear one, is you. way.

72 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA AS TO THIS GENERATION Dm lredident Ljeorae bribed >mltk

question has often been of your children, that they may be willing to o.he

asked: Is it possible that the boys and girls, magnify this call when it shall come to them.

the young men and women who have been Fathers and mothers, are you teaching reared in this generation of the Church would your children this gospel? Or do you wait

be willing to suffer the hardships, privations until they grow to manhood and womanhood, and trials that their fathers and mothers only to find that they do not comprehend itl endured for the gospel's sake? Would they Are you preparing the sons and daughters

leave their homes of comfort to people a new God has blessed you with to become messencountry in the interest of their faith? gers of life and salvation among the chil-

I say to you that if there has been planted dren of men? Or are you neglecting that

in their hearts a knowledge of the divinity sacred opportunity, and permitting them to of this work as we know it, if faith has been grow up thoughtless and indifferent regardgiven them by reason of our keeping the coming these things?

mandments of the Lord, if they have been I am persuaded that if there are any chiltaught to know that Jesus is the Christ and dren of Latterday Saint parentage who'dethat Joseph Smith was a prophet of the Lord, part from the faith, they are those who have then I say unto you, Yes! they would do not understood the meaning of the doctrines

what their fathers and mothers have done, of Christ, who have not had instilled into take their place in the ranks of latterday their hearts faith in our Heavenly Father, and

Israel. who do not comprehend that it means eternal

If it meant privation, if it meant sickness happiness to them to keep his commandments.

and distress, or even expatriation from home, So I say we should be imbued with the there are hundreds and thousands of our desire to labor and teach our sons and daughsons and daughters who, knowing that this ters those things that will save them in the is the gospel of Christ, would, if need be, seal presence of our Father.

feel anxious about the progtheir testimony with their lives. We need not

ress of Zion, for those who are faithful and

I am grateful that I have this belief and true will land with the ship safely in the feeling in regard to the sons and daughters kingdom of heaven, crowned with glory, imof the Latterday Saints. I believe they stand mortality, and eternal life. I have no fear for

ready at any time with their faith, their devothe aged men and women who have kept the tion, and all that God has blessed them with. faith. I have no fear for the boys and girls

My belief is strengthened in this by the fact who are walking in obedience to the comthat, as a rule, the youth of the Church go mandments they have been taught. I have

willingly, eagerly, to the mission field. They no fear for those not of our faith who are

leave comfortable homes, fathers and mothers, living up to the light that God has blessed and all that is near and dear to them; they them with, because according to the law return their backs upon creature comforts, and ceived so will they be judged and held acgo out into the world to preach Christ and countable.

him crucified and the restoration of the gosBut the Latterday Saints who, knowing pel in this latterday. They are ready whenthe will of our Heavenly Father, have ignored

ever the call comes, if they have been taught his counsels, who hear the teachings of the the truth. Lord from time to time and turn their backs

Are your sons and daughters among those upon them, may lose their opportunity and who are thus ready? If they are not, then it will not reach the goal unless they turn and

behooves you to begin at once the teaching repent with all their hearts.

V

FEBRUARY 1949 73 cross the desk delightful a me sits from young couple. They have come Mpostle l\ to to ask the marriage ceremony me perform tomorrow for them in A* the temple of the Lord. The young man is tall, young, with dark

penetrating eyes, curly hair and a captivating smile. The young woman

is slight, alert, and lovely, her blond hair adding glory to her beautiful a merrygo-round as a couple reface, which she frequently turns up to her handsome companion in adoracently were, exchanging vows astride tion. Here is the love of youth at its best and sweetest. And when they painted wooden horses, for which

are comfortably seated near each other so that their hands are sometimes they were to receive all expenses, touching, I say to them: including western garb and a wedding trip. You, Mary and John,

And so you are going to be married, You may wear your clothes more

John and Mary! And tomorthan a single season and still be

row is the great day! How happy happy.

I am for you as you approach this sacred hour! Congratulations to "Vou ask, "What is the price of

you, John and Mary, and I wish for happiness?"You will be surprised

isyouwant—thiseternitiesyouof happiness.may have—ifThis youyou withThe treasurethe simplicityhouse ofof happinessthe answer.

will do the things of which I tell unlocked and remains open to those you here today. who use the following two keys: the

Happiness, though, is an elusive first, you must live the gospel of thing, John and Mary, It is a little Jesus Christ in its purity and simlike the pot of gold at the end of the plicity—not a halfhearted complirainbow. If you go out deliberateance, but hewing to the line. And

ly to find it, you may have great this means an allout devoted condifficulty catching it. But if you will secration to the great program of

follow directions closely, you will salvation and exaltation in an not need to pursue it. It will overorthodox manner. The second,

take you and stay with you. you must forget yourself and love

Happiness is a strange commodiyour companion more than yourty. It cannot be purchased with self. If you do these things, happimoney, and yet it is bought with a ness will be yours in great and

price. It is not dependent upon neverfailing abundance.

houses, or lands, or flocks, or Now the living of the gospel is degrees, or position, or comforts; not a thing of the letter, but of the

for many of the most unhappy peospirit, and your attitudes toward ple in all the world have these. The it are far more important than the

millionaire has comforts and luxmechanics of it, but a combination -Photograph, Kaufmann & Fabry uries, but he has no happiness unof doing and feeling will bring spirless he has paid the same price for itual, mental, and temporal advancewere not willing to commercialize it that you can also pay. Often the ment and growth. on this sacred ordinance and sell

rich are the most unhappy. Mary and John, I congratulate your "birthright for a mess of potIf you think that ease and comyou for your vision and faith and tage."Also, you might have been

fort and money are necessary to your willingness to forego the fanone of the two thousand couples your happiness, ask your parents fare of a worldly wedding for a who each day write to a broadcastand others whose lives are in the simple but beautiful one, to avoid ing company requesting marriage autumn. They will generally tell the glamor of a spectacular wedding during a certain radio program, and

you that the happiest days were not for a quiet and humble one, to pass if you were selected, you might have the ones when they were retired, up the sham and froth and pageanreceived luxurious gifts and an with a palatial home, two cars in try usually associated with a screen expensepaid honeymoon; including

the garage, and money with which wedding for a sweet eternal ceresuch things as radios, furniture, to travel around the world; but their mony that will be unostentatious and new cars. But you are like

joyous days were those when they, and sacred like your birth, blessing, many another devoted Latterday too, planned and schemed for the baptism, administration to the sick, Saint couple who prefer to be marwherewithal to make ends meet; or even death. ried in the House of the Lord. John

when they had their little ones Because your people are prosperand Mary, I commend you.

about them and were wholly abous, Mary, I realize you could have You may desire a reception folsorbed in family life and Church had all that the world might offer lowing the marriage. It offers a dework. in a glamorous wedding with canlightful opportunity for relatives

And so, Mary and John, you may dles and flowers, attendants and and friends to bring gifts and wish live in a single room or a small pageantry. But you chose the simyou well, but here again comes a

I temptation to go to extremes in folcabin and be happy. You may ride ple, sacred way—the Lord's way.

the bus or walk instead of riding in salute you! lowing the world in showy pag-

a luxurious car, and still be happy. You could have been married on eantry. There is danger that the

74 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Deam Mbont amaae to jP f

ostentatious display may detract from and overshadow the simple and wedding. With your good judgJOHN MARY

ment and clear thinking, I know you guests entertain your graciously can \AJ. J\lmoail digDmVfjpSpencer friendly, in and a wholesome,

nified reception without the excesses OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE so often in evidence.

"VTow, Mary, you must understand to become the queen of the little new training, but they had also failed to that John will not be able to home which you will proceed to train for the great career to which support you as has your father who transform into a heaven for John, they were now to dedicate their has been accumulating for a quarter this man whom you adore. John will lives. Mary, you are to become a

century; John is just starting. work hard and will do his best to career woman in the greatest career And furthermore, Mary, with provide you with comforts and even on earth—that of homemaker,

if you your wholesome attitude toward luxuries later, but this is the perfect wife and mother. And so,

family life, I know you will desire way, "to start from scratch"tohave failed to prepare for motherto devote your life to your home gether. hood and homemaking when you

and family, so when you resign your And, Mary, you have much to do could, you may make up somewhat job and no longer have that income in these months of waiting. Perby devoting yourself to those subjects

to spend upon yourself, it means haps you, like most of the other now. In your spare time you could

many adjustments for you; but you young women of the nation, have now study child psychology and

have considered all those things and prepared yourself for a career which child discipline, the fundamentals of are willing. You see, Mary, it was you will not follow. One college nursing, the art of teaching, parnever intended by the Lord that president said about ninetytwo perticularly how to tell stories and

married women should compete with cent of all the girls in his college teach children; and you will want

men in employment. They have a studied Latin and mathematics and to get all the theory as well as the

far greater and more important servbusiness, and then when they were practice now in cooking, sewing, ice to render, and so you give up married found that they not only budgeting, and buying. John's limyour employment and settle down had limited use for their specialized ited income will spread far if you

can learn to buy efficiently and cook expertly so that there will never be waste. And his small compensation

can go far if you learn to make your own clothes and those for the children and utilize scraps and pick up bargains. And if you learn the rudiments of nursing, you may be able

to save much in doctor and hospital costs by recognizing symptoms and treating minor afflictions, and you may also have the satisfaction of even saving the lives of your own precious family by your being able to do practical nursing. And so

your economies will largely make up for the loss of your own income.

You wouldn't want to work out anyway, Mary, for women are expected to earn the living only in emergencies, and you must know that many are the broken homes resulting when women leave their posts at. home. You see, if both husband

and wife are working away from home and come home tired, it is very easy for unpleasantness and misunderstandings to arise. And so, Mary,

you will remain at home, making it attractive and heavenly, and when {Continued on page 76) FEBRUARY 1949 75 JOHN AND MARY {Continued [ram page 75) becomes stale. The love of which the ambitious standards, they have lost

John comes home tired, you will be Lord speaks is not only physical much of the inclination and powers fresh and pleasant; the house will attraction, but also faith, confiand time.

oe orderly; the dinner will be temptdence, understanding, and partnerYou, John, are the head of the

ing; and life will have real meanship. It is devotion and companionfamily. You hold the priesthood.

ing. ship, parenthood, common ideals, and Give this little family righteous

Now, John and Mary, there will standards. It is cleanliness of life leadership. Tomorrow at the end of

be a temptation because of shortage and sacrifice and unselfishness. This your first perfect day of marriage,

of housing, to go and live with the kind of love never tires nor wanes. you two should kneel at your bedparents on either side. Do not make It lives on through sickness and side before retiring, in your first

this dread error. You two will consorrow, through prosperity and family prayer, and thank the Lord

stitute a new family tomorrow. privation, through, accomplishment for the love that has brought you toWell-meaning relatives have broken and disappointment, through time gether, and for all your rich blessup many a home. Numerous diand eternity. John and Mary, this ings, and ask him to assist you to

vorces are attributable to the interis the love that I feel you are bringremain true to your covenants and ference of parents who thought they ing to each other, but even this keep clean and worthy and active.

were only protecting their loved richer, more abundant love will wilt Then never let a day pass without children. Live in your own home and die if it is not given food, so your morning and evening devotion.

even though it be but a modest cotyou must live and treat each other Now is the time to chart your life's tage or a tent. Live your own life. in a manner that your love will course. Determine to attend your

Mary, you must not go home to your grow. Today it is a demonstrative priesthood and sacrament meetings

parents for long weeks or months on love, but in the tomorrows of ten, every Sabbath, pay your tithing visits. thirty, fifty years it will be a far faithfully, sustain in very deed the

greater and more intensified love, Authorities of the Church and supAnd, John, you will of course do grown quieter and more dignified port the program of the Church, your best to provide the home with the years of sacrifice, suffering, visit the temple often, give service and the living. But you will not take joys, and consecration to each other, in the organizations, and keep your

two or three jobs in order to give to your family, and to the kingdom thoughts clean, your actions conMary luxuries, for Mary has alof God. structive, your attitudes wholesome.

ready made her mental adjustments For your love to ripen so gloriAnd, John and Mary, tomorrow and is willing to get along on what ously, there must be an increase of when I repeat the phrases which you can reasonably produce. And confidence and understanding, a will bind you for eternity, I shall

you will secure employment that is frequent and sincere expression of say the same impressive words compatible with good family life, appreciation of each other. There which the Lord said to that handJohn. You will not take a traveling must be a forgetting of self and a some youth and his lovely bride in

job, except in emergencies, that will constant concern for the other. the Garden of Eden: "Be fruitful

take you away from your home. There must be a focusing of interand multiply and replenish the

Both you and Mary will prefer to ests and hopes and objectives into a earth."The Lord does not waste

have a smaller salary in order to single channel. words. He meant what he said. You

have you home rather than to have did not come on earth just to "eat, greater luxuries with you away. And TSjow, John and Mary, many drink and be merry."You came

if your work moves you permanently young people plan to postpone knowing full well your responsibilto another location, Mary will go their spiritual life, Church activity, ities. You came to get for yourself a

with you, even though it means beand the bearing of a family, until mortal body which could become ing away from family and friends, they get their degrees or get estabperfected and immortalized, and you and even in less desirable places lished financially; and by the time understood that you were to act in

and with fewer opportunities. You they are prepared according to their partnership with God in providing

are being married for that reason bodies for other spirits equally that you may always be together. anxious to come to the earth for

Your love, like a flower, must be RAG RUG righteous purposes. And so you will

nourished. There will come a great By Clara Aiken Speer not postpone parenthood. There

love and interdependence between will be rationalists who will name you, for your love is a divine one. \\ Then I got roots and stuffs to dye to you numerous reasons for post- *"rags to rug, braided a make The inclusive,It is deep, all most it course, will be ponement. Of said, fuss "Don't All so much.

-It iscomprehensive. not like or college degrees that harder to get your that JimI is something want snug and warm

association of the world which is To put my feet on when I jump your financial starts with a family, bed. too working We'remisnamed love, but which is mostFrom hard now but strength like yours will be unif things. For fancy crops Maybe

ly physical attraction. When marAre good, we'll manage it somehow daunted in the face of difficult obriage is based on this only, the For a new house, and then—"But when stacles. Have your family as the

parties soon tire of each other. it is exAndI got yellows,the rug allandmade,a purplishwith greensred Lord intended. Of course

There is a break and a divorce, and Against a background of gray jeans, pensive, but you will find a way, and a new, fresher physical attraction Jim said, "It sure is pretty, Bess."besides it is often those children

comes with another marriage which AndI thinkwhenmy rugthe onworldroughis boardsdark withkeepsstorm, who grow up with responsibility in turn may last only until it too More than his bare feet warm. (Concluded on page 126)

76 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The Most Attractive Duality

often girls and young women True enough. That's the way she

Soworry about their popularity. oLetd Jaik rt \Jiver is, but I think she can help it if she

"What is it that's wrong with wants to, and I think she must help me?""Why don't boys ask me it if she really wants to make lastBy

out?""I'm a smooth dancer. I'm ing friends as she says she does.

pretty good at sports. I try to act How?

interested in what boys do and say. MARY BRENTNALL Julie has a lovely contralto voice,

I'm not bad looking, but I just don't and some day may make a fine get anywhere. I guess I'm just not singer. I wonder if it would help

attractive. But I wonder why?"her to think of her emotions as vocal

It is puzzling. These same girls tones. Julie has a singing range of

read personality articles. They take more than two octaves and takes

charm courses. They eagerly scan some pride in this fact. Her emothe lists of what boys do and do not tional range is even greater, which

like in girls. They read about good is perhaps also a matter of pride.

manners and good posture, and But I hope that she recognizes the good health and good grooming. fact that at both extremes of her

But there they stop! Seldom do they singing register the tones get thin

read about or practise good cheer. and uncontrolled. The extremes of

And that seems strange to me beher emotional range are equally cause I believe good cheer to be the shrill and unstable. Like vocal tones,

truest clue in solving the mystery these extreme upper and lower of popularity. registers are only valuable if they

"Be of good cheer.""Men are are clear and controlled. To be able

that they might have joy."These to feel great happiness or even great

are not idle words. The search for unhappiness can be a wonderful

happiness is so worldwide that to thing as long as these feelings are possess it or even to seem to possess kept firmly in hand. To keep the

it is to have in one's self the most tone pure and true requires training powerful attractive force known to and practice—requires effort. It is

mankind. not so much the range that counts

However, the very act of striving as how that range is handled, for it for popularity counts against this is fatal to permit our emotions either attraction because the worry and to rise to the shrill note of exhibianxiety erase cheerfulness. You can tionism or to fade out in the depths

strive for selfimprovement—for of despair.

graces and accomplishments, for Happiness in all of us takes a mental growth and dispositional form compatible with our years and perfection. You can strive for these temperaments. And each form is

things because you want to be your "But,"Julie said, "how can a perattractive. Exuberance is often very

best self and be happy in that purson be happy if she isn't? Right at attractive but so is simple gaiety;

pose, but the minute that you work this moment I'm certainly not hapso is inner radiance; and so too is

fact In py. the sole idea of imon yourself of a form quiet acceptance—each

girl a low canpressing being popular certain with common others—ofwith I wantfeel—Ito knowthink I'mjust righthow happiness—all there."enters,anxiety vanishes, happiness attributes. are of these Here some

and you defeat yourself. happiness components.

Yet happiness is "a natural"to a know Julie well. I've seen her Goodness is an integral part ofgreat many people. Every genuinely when she was happy—exuberhappiness, for while it is true that

happy home has at least one genantly so. And I've seen her when we all can point to people who areuinely happy person in it—else it she was unhappy—depressingly so. apparently good but not happy, still

couldn't be happy, and it couldn't Both by temperament and age she I don't know a single genuinely hold together, for happiness attracts is an extremist. And sometimes I happy person who is not good.

and cements. Most happy homes think she enjoys the unhappiness as These happy people seem to possess

have many happy members, for hapmuch as the happiness. She seems the simple fundamental virtues. They

piness is contagious and stimulating to get the same uninhibited release are uncritical and unjudging. They

and builds happiness in others. That from playing either end of her emoare forgiving. They neither envy

is one of the reasons it is so attractions. But this form of selfindul- nor covet. They are not jealous,

tive. I said all this the other day to gence isn't making her popular. It and they are honest and helpful. All

a young woman of nineteen who is frightening her friends away. of these virtues build happiness.

was concerned about her lack of "But how can I help it?"she Health is a part of happiness.

popularity. protests. "That's the way I am."{Continued on page 118)

FEBRUARY 1949 77 and months with such uncertain delivery. Mail could come in one of three 3L PONY

ways. First by ship around Cape

Horn; second by ship to the Isthmus

freighting, with to remain wanted the over mule and by of Panama fail financially idea felt the would the ship Isthmus, again up and by gave the them government west coast to San Francisco; third, unless

did ), but it never a subsidy ( which overland by the now established

Butterfield Route, 2,769 miles long loyally agreed to make good the to Santa Fe and on through Pasapromise of his partner. So preparadena, California, to Los Angeles, tions were begun to make the new

hence by land or water from Los mail route a success. Home stations

Angeles to San Francisco. were built every twentyfive to fifty

Now at this time, with main ofmiles,to twelvewith mileschangeandstationstrustedat eightemfices at Independence, Missouri, ployees like Major (Nauvoo LeNebraska City, Nebraska, and gion) Howard Egan, H. J. "Doc"

the Kansas, Leavenworth, Bolivar great Faust, and Roberts—old firm of Russell, Majors, and Wadreliables, shortenstage freight and

dell was the greatest of all overland ed and perfected the route west freighting concerns. This firm somefrom Salt Lake City to Carson and

Faust Station marker in Tooele County times had in actual operation as high on west to Placerville and Sacraas one thousand wagons. The old mento.

"bullwhacker"and "mule skinner"Trusted men were put in charge story of the Latterday Saints, were then familiar sights. The far of the stations where stockades,

Thereplete with colorful incidents of western manager of this great corrals, with the sunken posts the conquest of the desert to freight outfit was B. F. Ficklin, an lashed together with rawhide, were

make it the great inland empire toable, farseeing man. Riding East built and the supplies laid in for

day, would not be fully told without with Mr. Ficklin was the ambitious their use. Splendid horses, nine

an account of the early communicaUnited States Senator of California, hundred to a thousand pounds tion system nine hundred miles west William Gwin. Many days in the weight were purchased; good sadto Sacramento and San Francisco saddle together gave these men dles, bridles, and spurs, and also

and one thousand miles east to St. much time to ponder and dream. mail pouches were secured; Major

Joseph, Missouri, which was then the Ficklin suggested a northern or Egan at Salt Lake under the direcwestern terminus of the railroads. really central mail route—eight huntion of B. F. Ficklin and Bolivar

Great Salt Lake City was an imdred miles shorter than the ButterRoberts of Carson, hired a group portant division point on the fast field, and he said it could be built. of tough, lightweight, able young

mail route soon to be established. Senator Gwin upon reaching Washmen to ride. The same plans were

The mail so slow and uncertain in ington introduced the measure in made on the eastern divisions under 'its arrival from points east and Congress, but it received no support the supervision of Mr. Russell. Two

points west was at last to be speedfrom that indifferent body. The

route. Fisher, and riders. Left, Express John northern did not want a South Two Pony carriedily a new organization, by

Fisher F. (Billy) William his brother, in get could mail now The people Overland and Pike's Centralthe

Peak Express. Because of the three weeks, so why waste more

intrepid riders and their fleet ponies money on the emigrants who choose some one gave it the name of the to live way out West with the

Pony Express, a name that will live wolves and the Indians or wild aniforever as a part of the colorful picmals? Congress said the mail carture in American history we call the riers would freeze to death or be

"Old West"and in the shaping and killed by the savage red men.

sketching of which the Mormon Senator Gwin, however, fought pioneers played such an important on. The people of the west had

part. hopes of a faster mail service. In

1859, the senator met the much pol- f* reat caravans of covered wagons ished and widely traveled, manymoved westward from east of the sided William H. Russell, a partner

Missouri, but they moved slowly of Majors and Waddell. He pleaded

with their tired oxen, horses, and with Russell, for his firm, who had mules. There were no telegraph wagons to haul materials to build

lines, no telephone system, no railstations, to haul oats and hay to the road, no automobile in this vast horses, and food and equipment to western world. Word from home the men to go ahead with this projseemed forever reaching these pioect. Russell, the visionary said,

neer folk, and they began to clamor "We shall build it."Majors, the

for mail without a delay of weeks most practical businessman, who 78 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA EXPRESS

Dm Jjr. Kau *-/st. ri5n

THE SON OF A PONY EXPRESS RIDPR

45 Colt and RemingtonCap and Ball revolvers or "six shooters"were furnished each rider, but he was instructed to run, not to fight, whenever possible and feasible. This

proved valuable advice as the grassfed Indian ponies were no match in speed and endurance for the fine stock of the express company. The

riders were young men, mostly in their twenties. A few slipped in

under the specified minimum age of twenty years. The youngest and

one of the bestknown riders ( later hunter, buffalo S. Army scout, U.

William was F. Pony Express route from areSt. Joseph,from a Missouri,painting byto FredericSacramento,Remington.California. The rider and horse showman) and

Cody or Buffalo Bill. This tall

wiry youth who looked much older was only sixteen and one half when in the eighteen months duration of the obstacles and dangers in their this fast mail route, but only about path.

eighty were riding at once. No With fairly complete equipment,

authentic list was ever made as there were over one hundred staOath of the Pony Express Rider they were hired on several different tions and about four hundred horses, station keepers and / do hereby sweat before the great divisions. Some sickened—some three hundred

and living God that during my endied or were killed by Indians and helpers, eighty horseback riders, or gagement and while I am an were replaced by others. We have waiting their relay as the incoming

employee of Russell, Majors and been able to list accurately only a rider drew his tired sweating steed

WaddelL I will under no circumfew over a hundred, from old letters, to a stop and called, "Express."

stances use profane language, that papers, and personal recollections Two minutes was allotted for

I will drink no intoxicating liquors, of my father. changing of the riders and mailbags,

that I will not quarrel or fight with Forty in the saddle going west which were thrown on the saddle other employees of the firm, and that forty riding east! Fifty miles was fitting snugly on the horn and cantle.

in every respect I will conduct myabout an average ride, but this Then away into the dark and storm self honestly, be faithful to my greatly varied according to condiof night, the bitter cold of winter, duties, and so direct all my acts as tions and circumstances. No finer or the blazing heat of the desert

to win the confidence of my em'group of horsemen had ever been sun went these dashing messengers.

ployers. So help me God, assembled in the history of our

country. They have been styled t-Jow the riders dressed, what they

The Pony Express, Arthur Chap- "The Dauntless Brigade,""The looked like, naturally arises in man, p. 98. Riders of Romance,""The Unsung the reader's mind. One good paintHeroes,""The Swift Phantoms of ing done some years ago was by

the Desert,"the last designation by Frederic Remington. This fine

he signed up. My uncle, John Fisher Mark Twain as he looked from a creation of the great western artist

of Bountiful, Utah, was only eightstagecoach window, to see the horse has been adopted by the California een. and rider whizzing by. These boys State Society. It depicts the rider

My father, William "Billy"did not know fear. They were in slouch hat, buckskin coat or

Fisher, was twenty, and the Egan proud of their mission and loyal to jacket with some fringe for warmth

Majors collar, trust. Alexander buckskin their the and was about Young and "Rast"boys—Erastus integrity of great boots. in high trousers tucked a religious man On were Egan, Major Howard, sons of

the ages of the Fisher boys. These and high purpose. The riders the boot heels are spurs. On the

four have been spoken of as "the promised to abstain from the use saddle is the mochila with two hardriding Mormons."They were of intoxicating liquors and from the mail pouches on each side; one in

close relatives, as Erastus Egan use of profane language, and that front of and the other behind the married my father's sister Minnie, they would do their best to "come rider's thigh. In a holster fastened

and Howard married my mother's through with the mail."Their record around his waist are held two cap

sister Amanda. There were posfor that eighteen months seems inand ball revolvers, each good for

sibly two hundred young men hired credible when one really knows of {Continued on page 124)

FEBRUARY 1949 (Township) ORIGINAL TOWN OF HARMONY, Sosq.Co:Penna,-I E \A PENNSYLVANIA6W YORK Do YOU READ

o PRESENT TOWN PRESENT TOWN (Township) z (Township ) OF OF HARMONY Jn all parts of the United States

CO OAKLAND townships, usually six miles <z. square, the accepted standard, are m

set up, largely for survey purposes.

these the of country In most parts political imporhave >Oo townships no tance. There are no township gov- (D +M*KUN SETTLEMENT om ernments. Z

But in the Eastern States and in HAMLET OF OAKLAND z

New England exactly the opposite HAMLET OF is true. The townships all have

BORO OFSUSQUEHANNA STEVENS POINT names as well as numbers, names being used almost exclusively. There

z are town ( township ) governments, o the people pay town taxes, have town elections and operate as defiTOWN (Township) OF JACKSON TOWN (Township) OFTHOMPSON nite political subdivisions.

Considerable light on this subThis map shows the original Town (township) of Harmony, Susquehanna County, Pennsylvania, and its ject is contained in a pamphlet pubthe original Town of present boundaries. In the taken from Oakland, Town

of the Hale, (I) (2) site of Isaac of homeHarmonyof Josephis the Smith,site of andthe lished in 1 937 by Cornell University site of settlement with the homeMcKune (3) the McKune cemetery where Isaac Hale and his wife and the infant son of Joseph and Emma Hale Agricultural Experiment Station buried. areSmith

(Bulletin 681 ) at Ithaca, New York, under the title: "Development of

II Farmington. His birthplace is Assessment of Property and Collecroughly three miles southwest of the tion of Taxes in Rural New York."

word town, meaning townVillage of Avon, now in the Town These excerpts should prove

THEship, goes west at least as far as of Avon. helpful:

Ohio in common usage today, President Lorenzo Snow's birth- "Three complete layers of local while farther west the original word place, listed as Mantua, Ohio, in government prevail in the State of township is used. West of the Miskeeping with the common practice New York. There are sixtytwo

souri River, names of towns or of that time is correct. But he was counties covering the entire area of

townships are rarely used, numbers born in the Town of Mantua, Portthe State,... In addition, there are

being the only identification. age County, Ohio, some miles out 932 towns... which also cover the

In Missouri, Liberty village is in in the country from the village of entire State.... Furthermore, there

Liberty township. Fishing River, that name. In the Town of Mantua are approximately 8500 school diswhere the revelation contained in are the hamlets of Mantua Corners tricts covering essentially all the

Section 105 of the Doctrine and and Mantua Center, somewhat conarea of the State. Superimposed

Covenants was given, is a township. fusing unless one understands the upon these three layers of governThere is no village of that name in eastern and New England terms. ments are five hundred fiftythree

the township. Other places where When the Colesville Saints were villages and approximately twentyvillages and towns confuse many settled temporarily at Thompson, five hundred special districts which

are these: President Brigham Young Ohio, it was in the township of that possess certain governmental powwas born in the Town of Whitingname and not in a village. ers.

ham, Vermont. The present village When a monument was placed "Towns in New York are divided

of Whitingham was not then in exrecently at the grave of Miriam into two classes according to popuistence. The settlers lived in the Works Young at Mendon, New lation. With few exceptions, towns

Village of Whitingham Center, long York, it was in the old cemetery in of the first class include all those since abandoned as a village and the Town of Mendon. The cemewith a population of ten thousand or

used now as a community center. tery of the Village of Mendon is more, and all remaining towns fall

President Wilford Woodruff's some distance away. in the second class. Towns of the

birthplace is given as Farmington, In eastern Canada, particularly, second class usually elect three asHartford County, Connecticut. Acthe township plan is followed, but sessors; in towns of the first class

tually he was born several miles the original and complete term they are appointed. Towns of the

from Farmington village and posttownship is used. The principal difsecond class may provide for the

office, outside the village of Avon in ference between eastern and westappointment of three assessors, or the Town of Farmington. Today, ern practices in both Canada and any town in the State may deterby reason of a division of the town, the United States is that in the mine that there be but one appointed

his birthplace should be, and in East, townships are given both numassessor. Regardless of the number

some recent publications is, given bers and names, with the name beor of the manner of selection, the as Avon, the name of the town made ing used rather than the number duty of assessing all property in by the division of the Town of even for surveys. towns for purposes of state, county,

80 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

CHURCH HISTORY CORRECTLY?

cities. than villages or Har- t=*- \-ji> rather 9 (y"n Fayette, mony, Pennsylvania, ManBUSINESS MANAGER, THE IMPROVEMENT ERA chester, and Perrysburg in New

York, and Thompson, Hiram, and

In this concluding instalment the author continues Orange, Ohio, are examples. (In

his enlightening discussion on Church history and the Town of Manchester, revelations were probably given in at least how to read it. two places, neither of them being

the village of Manchester.

and town taxation devolves upon referred to most frequently simply To illustrate the use of the word this office."as Harmony, although a footnote in town as used in the revelations,

In the foregoing, the complicated the History of the Church says: some instances are cited here:

nature of the tax problem of resi- "Emma Hale was born in the town Section 24:3: "Go speedily unto

dents of these areas is implied. of Harmony, Susquehanna county, the church which is in Colesville,

There are county, town, village, Pennsylvania."Fayette, and Manchester...."

and school taxes to be paid, with In many cases, Joseph Smith and In this case neither place referred payments to be made at different other writers, referring particularly to was a village or city. All were

times and places, in some cases at to towns or townships, used the towns or townships.

the convenience of the collector. name without further designation. Section 37:2: "... and again I

The Joseph Smith Farm, with its As a rule, as indicated by a study say unto you that ye shall not go present boundaries, including propof many early documents, legal and until ye have preached my gospel erty purchased in addition to the otherwise, if a person lived in a city... especially in Colesville; for beoriginal farm of one hundred acres, or village the name of the city or hold they pray unto me in much

now lies in three towns and two village was given, but when a town faith."

counties. In addition there are or township was referred to, the Section 128:20: "The voice of

school. district taxes to watch for word town was usually used, as in Peter, James, and John in the wiland pay as they come due. the Prophet's reference to the derness between Harmony, Susqueplace of his birth. In legal docuhanna county, and Colesville,

The Word "Town"in Church ments the name of the town and its Broome county, on the SusquehanHistory and Revelations designation as such was and still na river...."

is used. As there were no villages or cities

Crom the History of the Church In the list of places where revelanamed Harmony or Colesville, obwritten by Joseph Smith, and tions were given as contained in viously reference is made to the frequently referred to as the Docuthe Doctrine and Covenants, and in towns of those names.

mentary History, the following exthe revelations themselves, many of Section 128:21: "... the voice of

pressions indicate the common practhe locations given were towns Continued on page 82) tice of that time: "I was born...

in the town of Sharon, Windsor then Mapand showingnow, nearestthe Townthe homes(township)of Josephof Colesville,Knight andBroomehis son,County,NewellNewKnight,York, withnucleusNineveh,of thetheColesvillevillage

County, state of (In indicatedBranch. Thein ChurchKnight history.farms areNoteacrossirregularthe rivershapefromof theNineveh,Town butof Colesville.in the Town (township) of Colesville as Vermont"—

early editions both the words town and state are capitalized. In some

! TOWN (Township) OF AFTON later publications the word state is HAMLETn OF

capitalized the but not word VILLAGE OF AFTON U// town. TOWN NORTH COLESVILLE South J (Formerly Bainbridqe) capital Dropping the western by

publishers probably arises from a (Townshi p) OF lack of understanding of the sigFENTON otVA Rt nificance of the word town. CHENANGO CO.

Referring to the Hill Cumorah BROOME NINEVEH /7

CO. the Prophet to wrote: //J0SEPH KNIGHT:J "Convenient

village of Manchester, Ontario [/ F&RM

County, New York, stands a hill of i \V (Colesville Branch)!

considerable size...."(The Prophii TOWN (township) OF COLESVILLE

et was in the Town of Manchester when he started for Hill Cumorah ii i which he described as being "conii HAMLET OF i

WESTq COLESVILLE venient to the village of Manches- i.a

ter.") Manchester village is a little

more than two miles south of Hill

Cumorah, while the Joseph Smith TOWN (Township) OF WINDSOR I TO TOWN (Township) OF HARMONYHP Farm is three miles northwest. * McKUNE iSETTLEMENT

Harmony appears to have been FEBRUARY 1949 81

and New Hampshire. White River ington, borders the Town of PalmyJunction is twenty miles southeast ra on the south. As both towns

DO YOU READ CHURCH of South Royalton. The Joseph have villages with the same name

HISTORY CORRECTLY? Smith monument and the road leadas the town, some confusion is uning to it are now shown on most derstandable.

road maps of Vermont and New The key point to this area is the ( Continued from page 8 1 England. Village of Palmyra, twentythree

God in the chamber of old Father Another term used in early miles from Rochester on New York

Whitmer, in Fayette, Seneca counChurch history has caused much Highway 31.

ty."Reference here could be only confusion. It is the word "gore."The Joseph Smith Farm and the

to the town of Fayette. Early histories give the birthplace Sacred Grove are about two miles

of Hyrum Smith as Tunbridge south of Palmyra on Stafford Road.

Guide to Sharon, Windsor Gore, Orange County, Vermont. Hill Cumorah is four miles south of

County, Vermont Months of research finally led to Palmyra on Canandaigua Road, and an old miller at North Tunbridge ten miles north of the City of

VK7hen people set out to visit the who described a gore as a "pieCanandaigua. The Joseph Smith

birthplace of the Prophet Joshaped piece of land which had farm is three miles from Hill Cumoseph Smith, they naturally look on accidentally been overlooked and rah. (See doublepage illustration in

a road map for Sharon, Windsor not included in any town."He said January 1949 Era, pp. 3233.)

County, Vermont. Arriving there, that the name came from the "gore"Fayette, Seneca County, New

rather the Peter Whitmerhowever, and inquiring for the in a woman's dress—a piece of York, or

birthplace of Joseph Smith, they are cloth of triangular shape. farm, where the Church was ortold that they should go north to As a "gore"was a sort of "no ganized April 6, 1830, is reached

the vicinity of the Village of South man's land"and was not included from Waterloo, New York, the

Royalton and turn east at a sign on in any town, the residents were decounty seat. Waterloo is on U. S.

the highway, and follow that road prived of voting privileges, having Highways 5 and 20 between Aumiles orsome two more The Peter and Canandaigua. city, or into the no place—village, town—to burn

hills. in issue.) (See January map of farm (not the Village Whitmer of register. In the case Tunbridge

The post office address of the Gore, it was finally made a part of Fayette) is three miles south on

Smiths was, and for the Memorial the town of Tunbridge, and today New York Highway 96 and one

Farm still is, South Royalton, and the birthplace of Hyrum Smith is mile west, near the center of the not Sharon, South Royalton being given as Tunbridge, meaning the Town of Fayette. The Peter Whitthe village nearest to the farm then Town of Tunbridge. mer home is thirtytwo miles from

and now. South Royalton is in the Hill Cumorah and thirtyfive miles

town of Royalton. It was only Guide to Manchester and from the Joseph Smith farm and the

by the merest chance that the ProphFayette Sacred Grove.

et was born in the Town of Sharon.

It could easily have been the adKAanchester, as referred to in Guide to Harmony joining Town of Royalton, as inChurch history, almost invaridicated in the following: ably meant the town and not the TLTarmony, Susquehanna County,

Lucy Mack Smith, Joseph's mothvillage. The Town of Manchester, Pennsylvania, presents one of

er, anticipating the birth of a baby, set up in 1823 originally a part of the most difficult problems to westhad gone to the home of her parthe doublesized township of Farm- (Continued on page 122) ents, Solomon Mack and his wife, a short distance away. The town

surveys show that the Mack home had been built upon the line beTOWN (township) OF WATERLOO TOWN (Township) OF SENECA FAUS the tween of Sharon towns and *TVT BARfrE CANM., VILLAGE OF WATERLOO Royalton. in which bedroom The

the Prophet was born happened to be on the Sharon side. Therefore,

Joseph Smith was born in the Town PETER WHITMER FARM of Sharon, Windsor County, Vermont, as he states in his own account of that event. TOWN (Township) OF FAYETTE

To reach the Joseph Smith SENECA COUNTY, NEW YORK

Memorial Cottage one should look for South Royalton, follow the highway south along the White River something less than a mile and then turn left on a winding n HAMLET OF FAYETTE/ road to the farm. The nearest

village of any size to South TOWN (Township) OF VARICK

Royalton is White River Junction indicating the York, Seneca of Fayette, (township) County, New area of the Town the showing Mapon the Connecticut River which Whitmer the Peter of Waterloo, history), and the village in Church important (not Fayette of hamlet divides the states of Connecticut farm where the Church was organized April 6, 1S30.

82 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ROUGH GOING

i5u J-mnk KLckardson filerce 'Illustrated bg Fielding K.wSmith rival. Edmund watched the old fly this year. I'm pressed for time,

musher for several minutes. "The you see. I hate like sin to do it, and

old boy doesn't see the handwriting I know it means I've got to give up on the wall,"he growled. "I've writthe pleasure of days on the trail with

dmund smiled confidently ten to Andy Owen, and I think I have you. I hired you, and you'll be paid and rubbedEI his hands. It had been convinced him that his time is too as usual, but you understand, don't

a great old summer. With nothing valuable to waste in mushing when I you, John?"

but a plane and a few gallons of can drop him on any one of his prop- "Sure, I understand, but I can't gasoline to start with, he had built erties in six hours and have him back take your money when I haven't up a fair business transporting minto a railroad the next day. He'll be earned it. No, don't argue, Andy,

ers from town to the creeks. The here in the morning, but I'm going because it won't do you any good.

landing fields were not much, but down to the next station and cinch You remember you've tried to argue he knew of a river bar or two that him before Turner sees him. These with me before. And besides I don't

served the purpose very well. Here old boys are great at hanging togethwant my feelings hurt,"John Turnand there he had cleared away a few er. er, standing there in his moccasins

trees, and in many places mining When the train stopped at Barto with parka hood thrown back and communities, viewing a plane for the station to let off a man, a sled, and his fine, gray hair waving in a breeze first time, had made landing fields seven dogs, Edmund swung aboard. that chilled the man from Outside,

of sorts. "Andy Owen,"he said briefly to the looked as if he meant it.

"I'll have to throw the hooks into conductor. "I won't argue, John, but I'll make

the old boys a bit this winter,"he in- "Back there in the Pullman, a litit up to you some way. You see, I'm

formed his mechanic. "This summer tle man hiding behind a magazine."pressed for time. This flying is a

they were doubtful, and river boats Edmund found Andy Owen fairly short cut, so to speak."Andy Owen

were ready to take them, if my price well concealed behind his magazine was still uneasy about it all. He felt

was more than they wanted to pay. as if he were hiding from the public. as if he were a traitor. And it was a

But I haven't made a forced landing The airman extended his hand. "I'm bit unfair on Edmund's part to meet

yet, no accidents, and they are beEdmund,"he announced. him on the train. That sort of comginning to like it. This winter I won't "Oh, yes, the flyer. I don't know petition was fair enough Outside,

have river competition."about that flying business, Edmund. but up in the North it did not seem

Just a shade of contempt spread I'll admit I'm in a hurry, but hang it, to fit in exactly.

over his face as he looked across the flying in summer is one thing, but street at old Turner. John I else winter again. is something Turner night John That Turner was a dog musher and alwell, country pretty know this Edsmiled in the darkness, nursed

ways would be one. He could get mund, and I have my doubts."aching tooth, harnessed his dogs,an

of out a other thanmore team any listen "Will argument?"you to my trail. It the took and was warm in district. the long the Duringman insisted. Edmund first the his travelof enough Week days, did jobs he aboutsummer odd I'll listen. "Sure. That's only the ing, but eighth on condidaytown, caught dried and salmon for fair.

dog food, and otherwise prepared Edmund did a lot of talking be- {Continued on page 120) for winter. In fall he hunted a bit tween Barto station and Discovery

and laid in a stock of moose meat Creek. When he left the train, he

with a sheep or two to vary the diet. was carrying Andy Owen's suitcase

Then with the coming of winter he and smiling triumphantly.

freighted some, relieved the mail John Turner saw the smile and felt carrier occasionally, and last and something grow cold and die within

Imost important, he transported his breast, "He's talked Andy into w

Andy Owen to his various properit,"he muttered. "Well, that settles

ties. For this he received a lump my trip Outside this year. I sort of

sum of five hundred dollars. His figured on having my teeth fixed."

other labors gave him a modest livThen his"naturally hopeful spirit ing and paid all expenses. Andy's reacted, and he grinned as he exfive hundred dollars represented the tended his hand. "Hello, Andy!"he fir* mS hL\

year's profits. said, "I'm ready any time you are."

"Glad to see you, John. Mighty

as glad. whistled haven't Turner a day since You aged J.ohn

his last,he repaired otherwise sled and I've >—y!T day. not a I saw you John,

made ready for Andy Owen's argot to disappoint you. I'm going to

FEBRUARY 1949 83 The CHURCH

Part II The Social Need for Faith

Is fhe faith inspired by the restored gospel adequate for all men and civilizations?

to move steadily towards wellde- we strive to know what makes infined objectives, despite weather, dividuals and societies move, wind, or famine.

There are many things identified TThe gospel teaches that man, born by the student of society as "social helpless, at maturity may attain forces."A universal modern phemastery of himself and of his ennomenon in industrialized countries vironment.

is Big Government. What has produced it? Students say inventions And God blessed them, and God said

such as the steam engine, techunto them, Be fruitful, and multiply, and nology, in turn producing urbanizareplenish the earth, AND SUBDUE IT:

tion and industrialization. These in andsea andhaveoverdominionthe fowloverof thetheair,fishandof overthe

turn have made men immediately deevery living thing that moveth upon the pendent on social institutions which earth. (Genesis 1:28. Capitals, author's.)

in turn depend on effort with land, water, and soil for existence. ModMature men and women may thus

ern man goes to the store instead of become selfmoving creatures. In

to his field for food. Fields supply what direction shall they move?

the store through a highly specialThe gospel answers, towards godized economic system. Men have hood. How may this be done? By

turned to government both as means faith and its attendant principles:

of direct service and as means of repentance, baptism, the gift of the controlling other institutions. What Holy Ghost, and seeking whatever

produced the inventions? An invenis "true... or of good report."

tive, creative individual in motion. When this is done, the individual

Why have inventions multiplied finds himself part of a great society since the close of the eighteenth cenof likeminded individuals, the tury? Church. In what direction shall the

liken society to a goldthe repromove? Towards Church

is full of individualsMENingandcreatures.women Theyare living,are stimumov- fishWebowlmaywhich of earth duction of the kingdom on

lated by emotional, spiritual, and their "cultures."Civilization, heaven.

intellectual, as well as physical imwhich began about six thousand pulses. As a selfmoving object, years ago, begins to fill the bowl Call upon the Lord, that his kingdom

man is the most wonderful thing in with artifacts and devices. The may go forth upon the earth, that the increation. As every individual moves, Greeks during a brief period of free habitants thereof may receive it, and be

for in the the prepared to come, days whichthere is social motion, things. sometimes inquiry Someadded many

in shall heaven, the Son of come down Manchaotic, sometimes| harmonious. lost. Cultural times these are in of his the glory, exclothed brightness

Sometimes social action is beautiful perience has stops, starts, and somemeet the kingdom of God which is set uponto and inspiring. Sometimes it is hortimes runs in reverse. The modern the earth. (D. 6 C. 65:5.)

rid and brutisH. Social behavior "enlightenment"brought another

and individual behavior are interestera of free inquiry. The goldfish How should an individual meming. Individuals sometimes resist bowl has so multiplied with scientific ber of the restored Church view this

social action. More often men move objects and knowledge since, that objective? Joseph Smith on May 12,

in conformity with the social tides, inventions have become super1844, gave his burning, enthusiastic adopting new fashions in dress, numerous. So many are they, in fact, answer that the power of truth

migrating, shouting, goinq to war. that with atomic energy, some feel would eventually bring all nations to

What makes society and societies that the bowl will now be blown obedience to gospel principles.

move? apart and the whole episode brought What are some of the objectives of

Some societies, like individuals, to an end, unless men can master the Church in the social order then?

are always wavering, "driven by the their culture and learn to behave. President John Taylor asked the

winds and tossed."Others appear Accordingly it is very important that question and wrote:

84 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA thirteenth centuries (beloved of

Henry Adams, the American thinker who believed these years repreand MODERN SOCIETY sented the ideal period) the medieval church perhaps was the dominant institution in the Occidental

HEAD OF POLITICAL SCIENCE DEPARTMENT, UNIVERSITY OF UTAH world. But this no longer holds,

even in Mexico, France, Italy, and

What will be the effects of the estabTThe mission of the Church is to Spain. Even there, governments are

dominant.... now? lishment Christ's of kingdom individuals to encourage move

It is doing with the bloodwar, away ninein the revelation Modern all for to the then and Church sin, disease, misery, shed, and and in a recognized century teenth that the in such a in Church of rightushering the moveinto of peace, way a kingdom eousness, justice, and prosperity. (The it helps move society towards the peculiar way the dominant position

Gospel Kingdom, 216.) ideal. of the nationstates. The power of

so be evil would wickedness and is the church, church, any But this Will be talking about done by cennineteenth our great, predicted vital in really force the a movement it? said, President Taylor No! unless repentance that leaders, tury society evidence today? of The is action required.""some nations the would forthcoming, is was churches, of discouraging. The

destroy themselves and preach. poor can is a among war Anybody He course, swell of carry a deep ground

easiest that thing It is the cannot. simpleton is important, It very other. each influence. apfrom outward But in says, the But, as President world. Young governthat politically, to see good

to pearances, honest have be and we it [Ibid., practise. to 213. takes a man tonation-states exists. ment The

Italics, large author's.) that the frankly admit by and

churches of the world are less vital day, directly or indirectly, determine

It is quite clear also, that action as direct observable influences, than prices; food supply; available housis to be taken by the Church through the modern state, the modern corpoing and rent; war and peace; the

the priesthood. ration, the modern labor union, the use or misuse of resources; the

... if the kingdom of God is to come, modern school, and many professtatus of science, industry, labor,

if the will of God is ever to be done on sional groups and associations. The and education. If governments have

it is in as \ earth can heaven, where done where even so allpowerful, become significant is a second* it church most... the Latterexcept among commence is total, the what completely not in influence to factor attempting ary is people other Saints? there For no day of intelligent and task women? men institutions the other after these the the acknowledge heavens under who

authority of God.... if his will is ever fact, to borrow a legal expression. To see that the governments move

done on earth as it is done in heaven, The evidence of influence before the the nationstates, which move so it the start in of shall things. land Zion but do where ciety, good towards To

it exists, fact but in comis meager (Ibid. of Zion? the people and among optimistic this, have an must men parison. 211.) knowledge. faith tremendous and all for elements the making Of

is to redeemed, the going world be faith How optimistic Is there an such national direction social the today, is If the of ever think kingdom you? God is, If there today? in the world other. outstrips state every nawill dictate to built The have the up, Almighty

things himself. Through what medium will tionstate with its tremendous powit should be preached, lived, and

he do this? Is he going to send his angels er, its controls over wealth, mandaily put into action. Let us expeople? has the thousands to gather He of power, and everything within its amine modern world society. of doing but has his them, he way own

things and that is through the priesthood. borders, is the dominant institution For practical purposes we may

(Idem. Italics, authors.) of modern times. In the twelfth and (Continued on page 117)

—Photograph by Hal Rumel

s

the little well was completed and had served the scouts that night and the next morning, they presented it to Peokon with their good wishes, telling him to use it freely as his own but asking him to let travelers water there when they came through the country.

This little affair was typical of the many diplomatic strokes which were to characterize the policy and determine the outcome of the mission. It reached so nearly to old

Peokon's hard heart that he bade them a pleasant goodbye when they left. Harder hearts and darker

days of the future were yet to be relieved by this kind of "soft answer which turns away wrath."

At another place the petty Piute chief, Peogament, with a dozen or—Photograph by /ose/ Muench more ragged followers, demanded

MONUMENT VALLEY, SAN JUAN COUNTY, UTAH a hundred dollars for permission to proceed with their outfit. Captain

SYNOPSIS in consequence was to get through Smith told his men to take no notice

Tn the year 1851, President Brigham the country without leaving any unof it, and before they left camp in * Young sent colonies to extend the Morfavorable sentiment in the hearts of the morning, they contrived to make mon territory to the south, encouraged at first by the Ute Chief Walker. As a thin the natives who watched them with

line of forts began to reach farther and distrust from the nearby hills, and intofarther Chief Walker's land, he viewed listo to look came their camps and this influx with incited alarm his and peoiJke fOrt on tk4 ten for anything might which bode tople attack. Foremost the among Mormons who genuinely loved the Indians were evil. A third problem was that of

Jacob Haskell. Thales Hamblin and The calling for their wagons, for which some kind of present to every Piute

three had toMormons fight other adversaries as well as the Utes: the Navajos, the they would send back from their but the old chief himself, who

renegade whites, and nature, which seemed first permanent stopping place. watched the company in silence as

at all. greatest times the adversary of In Sometimes the Navajos forbade they moved away, while his owncold blood Indian shot an George A. Smith

with his own gun which the Indian had them to water their animals at the men grinned at him for his stupidity.

borrowed, and Jacob Hamblin and his comsmall and infrequent water holes, This foreshadowed the way of the beenpany had forced to go on and leave the and the wandering Piutes* contrived lightning rod in neutralizing everybody. plunderers The followed Hamblin

trail homeward and raided the herds of the to capitalize on their helplessness by threatening bolt.

weary settlers. No treaty with the United demanding extortionate figures for

States could guarantee the settlers from the depredations of the Navajos. Kit permission to pass through the counAs the scouts approached the Even

Carson who had displaced the Indians had try. The Navajos had not forgotten famous faraway Four Corners,

it impossible quellfound to them. Black his terrible and Carson men and Utah, Arizona, the where Mexico, New vanquished, was finally butHawk

i?e- of the years anguish at Bosque corner pile of and Colorado on aNavajo worse. grew steadily Jacob War

Hamblin at last won the Indians to peace dondo, but it was a bitter memory stones in the desert, they turned until brothers four Navajo attacked were always echoing with resentment, northward from the mountain and whites,by renegade being three of the four killed, and the fourth crawling wounded and not a safe thing for a stranger to toiled down a sandy slope to the back to his people with the tale of the mention. They were back now in San Juan River. One account says

laid at the wasattack—which door of the their native sand hills, reverting it was latter May, another, the firstMormons. Jacob Hamblin arose a from

sickbed and made his way to the Navajos, exultantly to their former selves, of June, when they stopped on the who, threatening vengeance, spoke so and white men were by no means south bank under a giant cottonviolently the interpreter that even quailed welcome among them. wood to ascertain, if possible, justbefore them. fearlessly But Jacob maintained his ground—the Mormons were One day when the Mormons where they were. In their hundred

guiltless, and in the end he won their toiled wearily up a sand wash and seventyfive miles of wandering reluctant admiration and a grudging promand were about to water their from Tuba City, they had entered aise of peace.

V horsesNavajo, atPeokon,a little orderedseep, thethemgiantto regionmarked whichwith a onblankthe yellow,maps wasand

Moving off over the sand and keep all their animals away from they knew only that the river rocks with their pack train tothe water. He boasted of being marked the boundary between the

wards Black Mountain, the first the one who had killed George A. Piutes and Navajos, and beyond

concern of Captain Smith and his Smith, and he stood over the water, that river they could see a big counmen was to find enough water in gun in hand, while the scouts dug try which they knew was unexthe desert stretch for themselves a well in the sand below. When plored.

and their animals. The matter next *Also spelled Palates. Pahutes and PahUtes. From the tribe on the north side

86 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA they expected to receive a more slim that an old man, sick and speechless, votion, looking back often or scanand doubtful welcome than they was found by two prospectors in ning the nearby hills. But at length

had enjoyed since leaving Tuba Henry Mountains. They could not h'e relaxed, told them they could

City, yet they resolved to cross, for make out his name nor whence he stop, that they were safe. Then he

the place of the settlement was not came, but they cared for him tendertold them he had been in the Davis to be on the reservation, although it ly till he died, and then carried him home in Cedar City, that they had could be, and would have to be in to Salina for burial. fed him and treated him kindly, and

the country from which the Piutes it was because he remembered and had defiantly refused to be moved. TThe scouts made their headquarloved them that he had come to keep

Since the San Juan was notorious ters where old Peter had been them from harm.

for its quicksand, the captain sent camping, and sent five of their numIt was after the middle of July a man to find a safe ford, and when ber back to Tuba City for the womthat the little wagoncompany that man rode out on the north side, en and children, the wagons and reached the mouth of Montezuma.

behold a lone tent, or wickiup, and the cattle. The Navajos disliked The scouts built two log cabins in

in it, not an Indian, but a white man! the thought of these wagons going which the two families were to live

It was the same man who had in through and leaving their ominous near together, and here in this farhis blood such a passion for the firtracks across the country. To the away land, on the second of August,

ing line that he and his family had Navajos a wagon was fsm-a-paz, Mrs. Davis gave birth to a daughter,

converted their house into a fort the wooden thing that rolls. They the first white child born in this

and fought Indians all winter on could remember seeing wagons corner of Utah.

the distant Pahreah. When he disamong other hateful things around

cerned that his beloved frontier was them in Bosque Redondo, and it was Captain Smith and his scouts slipping away into some distant unnot a welcome sight in their homeprospected the country in every known, he went with a pack outfit land. direction. Up the river they found

to hunt for it in western Colorado, Old Peokon came to the little a Mr. Mitchel running a little tradbut he answered the lure of unexwagon company and was pleased ing post, and eighty miles to the

plored southeastern Utah, and had to discern how terrible he appeared east, beyond Montezuma Valley in

Colorado, they found a few scattered ranches on Mancos Creek.

man centerFifty milesof whatto wasthe tonorth,becomein Santhe Line biu.

Juan County, they saw the big grass, the tall timber, the streams,found his way down to the San to the women and children. They Mountain. of Blue beaver dams and

dirt relate that kicked built himself a canoe. he hatefully had andJuan

at longingly a level, looked They he into their the food Daniel Utah, andThis Boone of by the fire, was timbered mountain to the southwestPeter Shirts. He had explored and took their knives and rubbed their but had no time to go there.named Montezuma Valley in Coloedges on stones. From the mouth of Montezumarado, and thinking this canyon The families had with them a they explored the country westward

the of genvalley he had devoted from Newfoundland wherecame dog miles, twentyfive the river down itbeen, compreerous size, he Montezuma named and when she short at a place where stopped and

Creek. hended that Peokon was offering nature had stood the petrified strata

Borrowing old Peter's canoe to indignities to her friends, she sprang on edge in a fantastic barrier north help in the crossing, the scouts with a fierce growl and held him in and south fifty or more miles long.

moved over and listened eagerly to her great jaws. And now old It was John Butler who approached

all that he had to tell them about Strongback, for that is what his nearest to this rim, and the canyon the country. He had been down name meant, was furious and loud where he stopped is still known as

the river ten miles to a creek which in his demands that he be indemniButler Wash. But neither he nor

he called Recapture, and he had infied in cash for the outrage, and that any one of the outfit took so much tended to do more exploring in his the dog be killed. It is a rather long as a peep over the higher barrier at

splendid solitude, where he had and thrilling story, but suffice it to the hidden country beyond. The

really outrun the illusive frontier, say, it levied a heavy tax on their impassable miles and miles of this but now the frontier had come cash and their diplomacy to get mighty reef presented no problem to crawling upon him from an unexstarted peacefully forward again. the scouts; they simply turned back

pected direction, so he piled his tent And still they feared that more and worried about it no more. But

and outfit in his canoe and, pushing trouble might come of it and later on, when a weary band of pilout from the bank, rode away down watched in suspense through the grims came toiling from the west to the current of the winding river following night. In the morning an the base of this wall, they had to

into regions unknown. old Navajo came to them, telling meet the ponderous task of getting

Old Peter was never heard of for them to harness their horses at once over.

sure again. From the vast maze of and travel fast, that angry men The big problem of Silas S.

deep canyons and high mesas into were gathering behind them. He Smith and his men was to select a

which his frail bark floated, tormentkept urging them to hurry, and was place on the NavajoPiute bounding echoes have come drifting back impatient when they allowed their ary for the unusual peacemission at infrequent intervals for more than reeking teams to stop. He stayed which the Mormon leaders had desixty years. One of them relates along by them with a solicitous de- {Continued on page 107)

FEBRUARY 1949 87 latterday Saint Pioneers and the

of solitude the vastness and in the greatTheAmerica's West OLD SPANISH TRAIL first eighteen the hunhalf of dreds can scarcely be imagined now that it is subdivided into states and William, l\. fawrner counties and cities, and settled. In &

1847 when Brigham Young led his bedraggled band of followers into

Salt Lake Valley, the immense country between the Missouri River and the Sierra Nevada Mountains was traversed by only two established trails, and they were practically two hundred miles apart at their nearest point with no connecting link between them.

First in importance was the Oregon Trail, opened about 1830, over which our people traveled as far as

Fort Bridger. The trail from there

led off to the northwest to Fort Hall,

Fort Boise, and into what is now the state of Oregon. From Fort Bridger

the Mormons, leaving the Oregon

Trail, turned southwest and traveled about one hundred miles into the—From the painting by Howard Pyle

valley of the Great Salt Lake. The Spanish Trail iscaravansknown toin haveincreasingbeen opennumbersas earlytraveledas 7785over andit. from year to year

The other route was known as the

Spanish Trail. Its eastern head was

the Presidio of Santa Fe, capital of points the trail looped northward California, to Los Angeles. The

trail twelve approximately the of the hunColorado was gorges teraround its western Mexico, and New its miles as the tributaries dred a nearly as far long, and along River and Presidio minus of Los Anwas the geles in California. Between these present Greenriver, Utah. From thousand miles of it there was not a

here it bore southwestward through single settlement.

what is now Utah, Nevada, and "TThe Spanish Trail is known to have been open as early as 1785 and was traveled by caravans in increasing numbers thereafter. The Iron

Mountains, Little Salt Lake, and

Mountain Meadows, (called then

Las Vegas de la Santa Clara) in southern Utah were familiar landmarks on this route forty years before Jim Bridger discovered Great

Salt Lake. Thus southern Utah,

not the north, is the oldest part of the state from the standpoint of contact by white men.

While Santa Fe was the capital of New Mexico and head of the route, expeditions going over the

Spanish Trail, to escape onerous taxes and licenses, more frequently were made up at Albuquerque, Bernalillo, Abiquie, and the Indian pueblo of Taos. Westbound expeditions outfitted at these points to

UGfNO SPANISH TRAIL evade the purchase of hunters'and

OREGON TRAIL trappers'licenses sold by the government of Mexico, which included the right to capture Pahute* Indian

Also spelled Piute, Paiute and PahUtes.

88 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA slaves. The homecoming expedimons settled Utah, many thouHorses and mules were abundant

tions ( from the west ) bootlegged sands of captive Indians went out in California but scarce in Santa Fe their goods, slaves along with pelinto slavery over that old route. and other points to the south and

tries, at these points to escape the Some parties had from seventyfive east. The slave market was as good

governor's collectors, for they had a to a hundred and fifty slaves, and if in Los Angeles as it was at the east sales tax there over a hundred years there were not horses enough to carend of the old trail. Spaniards going

ago. ry them, the older ones were tied to West, therefore, took their captive

a long rope and driven on foot. Indians to California and traded

pROM Santa Fe, trails also led The price of Indian children in them for horses and mules. Then on

southward down the Rio Grande Santa Fe ran from thirty to forty the return trip they came with carto El Paso, Chihuahua, and Mexico pesos, Mexican money, and women goes of both slaves and horses they

City, or, turning eastward at El according to their age and qualities had picked up on the way. ThouPaso, went to San Antonio, Texas, brought sixty to eighty pesos. Men sands of horses were stolen in Caliand Corpus Christi on the Gulf of fornia and taken east. So much of

Mexico. Thus the Spanish Trail this was done that the Old Spanish

with that outlet from Santa Fe south Trail came also to be known as the was really a transcontinental trail. Horse Thief Trail.

Between Santa Fe and Los AnThe Pahutes of southern Utah engeles this route ran through a vast gaged somewhat in stealing horses and wild Indian country which now from the Spaniards in southern Calicomprises the states of New Mexico, fornia. Kanosh Johnnie, who died

Colorado, Utah, Nevada, and Calirecently in Kanosh, told me of an fornia, all of which was Mexican expedition a group made just before territory. Its traffic received its legal the Mormons came to Utah. Johnclearance at Santa Fe from the govnie's father was one of twelve Pahernment of Mexico. ute chiefs led by Pebe-ats of the

Calito Indians. went They

I traveled twice Beaver ago few years A the fall fornia in came and on foot generalthe of course the Old Spanish Trail from Santa Fe to Los back in the spring with a band of

Angeles, and the little knowledge I horses.

had of its history gave me many Sometimes those caravans with thrills as we passed the historic spots bands of wild horses were attacked along the way. In my mind I could by the Indians and scattered. The

visualize the plodding pack trains of horses were not all gathered up and

Spanish adventurers of a century these were the foundation stock of and a quarter ago with their packs the bands of desert mustangs which years found or fifty forty ago were STONE THE CEDAR DATE CITY WITH FOUND ATof peltries. with the horse Mingled 1831 LETTERS "GOLD"AND THE WITH WORD of in deserts the great on numbers REVERSED drivenherds ahead that were were

some horses whose burden consouthern Utah.

sisted of Pahute Indian women and and boys were seldom taken as HThe old historic trail was traveled children, bound on to prevent their slaves because they usually ran not alone by horse thieves and escape. I could imagine the feelings away from their masters. slave traders. There came also

of those poor creatures as each sucMany of these Indian women were Catholic priests looking for places ceeding day left their country and purchased by Mexicans who wanted to establish missions, and prospecpeople farther and ever farther them for wives. In Taos I saw a tors seeking for gold. Those early

behind. written contract in which for a cerprospectors threaded their way with

tain advance payment three men who pick and pan through the mountains,

TPWENTYFIVE YEARS AGO two old were going out on the Spanish Trail and in the annals of the trail there squaws were still living in southagreed to deliver at Taos within six are many lost mine traditions. The

months three sound, healthy, and pioneers to Cedar City found underern Utah—Susie Curley Jim and

Mary Shem—who as young women goodlooking Indian girls of good the rim of Cedar Breaks two tunnels

had been stolen and carried away form between the ages of fifteen and which those early miners had dug.

but escaped and made their way eighteen years. A doublepointed Spanish pick

back. I had talked with both of them found in one of these holes by Fred

about their experiences and had seen "M"ext in importance to women and Ashdown of Cedar City is now their faces blanch after sixty years, children, as articles of trade on among the exhibits at the museum as they recalled the terrors of their the Old Spanish Trail, were horses on Temple Square, Salt Lake City.

captivity. and mules. Furs were also traded, In one of the canyons near Cedar

This traffic in human beings was but the south countries were not the City there is a stone that bears the much more extensive than is combest fur markets. Peltries, after the date 1831, a Catholic cross, and the

monly supposed. Parley P. Pratt trappers found their way over the word "GOLD"with the letters made

tells of visiting one camp on the Rockies, usually moved to St. Louis backwards. It might be that this is

upper Santa Clara of seventeen over the more northern trapper trail the key to one of those lost treasure men with no women. Through from Fort Winty in the Uintah stores.

the halfcentury before the MorBasin. (Continued on page 113)

FEBRUARY 1949 89 but they who had died before went I went down and spoke to Abraham, down dead, of course, but ascended untoIsaac, themand Jacob,how theyyour mightfathers,rise,andanddeclaredwith living, since it was through them my right hand I gave them the baptism of life that evil, received all they and knew of forgiveness the life release and and all to to here and who as you even I do of God."Son

on. 100 this time from believe on me this say, text has to Needless

caused a great deal of embarrassment to interpreters, ancient and In hotly denying that the Hebrew modern. The source of the trouble prophets and patriarchs received the

is obvious: there are two classes of seal of baptism in the other world,

living persons referred to, those who the Marcionites only add to our enjoy eternal life, and those who evidence110 that the early Church did have not yet died on this earth. believe.

The Apostles (or whoever "they"Are we to believe on the strength were) belonged to the latter class of these passages that the primitive when they went down living to be Church held that the Christ personbaptized for those who had gone ally baptized all the disciples? That

before; a sharp contrast is made would make Jesus the only baptizer,

between their state—they being and such in fact St. Augustine re-

—Schoenfeld Collection—From Three Lions

PAUL IN MEDITATION

IIIHow the Dead Received Baptism BAPTISM FOR THE

John's function in the spirit world, like the Savior's, was identialive both before and after the ordipeatedly insists he is: though acting

this his mission on cal with it is alministers, various through of that those who were nance—and special mission hisearth. very Yet is himself Christ only who eterand received ways yet actually and dead

111 the Likewise baptize. tohere was is that possible? baptizing. of ministrations the nal life through How

the of and Lord preachingworldly of Augustine is before the days clear Long baptism. What is perfectly their to preparethe Apostles was Apostles"to the "Discourses the while they were that the Apostles

hearers for baptism. It is not surstill living performed an ordinance gives us the explanation, telling how

prising then to read in the Pastor of the earthly ordinance of baptism in the Lord promised his Apostles that of the most trustworthy oneHermas, "fathers, and become they would the welconcerned water—which

beliefs of established theguides to he servants,"which died. and masters, had already fare of those who

the early church, that not only That it was an earthly baptism elucidates thus:

Christ and John but also "these which could only be performed with teachers.. had the they because whoApostles, [diakonoi]. servants and in the stated is emphatically water

life of the will baptism receive [the dead] of the of the Sonproclaimed name preceding immediately sentences sins hand of forgiveness the from my and in fallen asleep after they hadGod, said, "It is necessary, he cited: in the heavpart those have so you, and through the of faith Son [the] and power kingdom."2 the enly through to up for them come the to likewise preachedof God alive; for to be in order made water seal them the they gavedead; and Kingthe As the Apostles in all their work enter can otherwise none accordingly preaching. the Theyof their Lord, so... acting for are simply the even therefore of God the water dom into with themwent down in perform they ordinances all the is seal seal. the receive... The dead although 100 But out again.and came are to be regarded as his his name water."the course, alive of were while theytheywent down vicariously. but done of Alexown Clement "I think,"saysand came up alive, those who had andria, commenting on this passage, This principle of vicarious work, (prokekoi before them asleep fallen the whole economy through running best it the for was necessary but "that dead, went downmemenoi) unties another also church, the of of imitators to be the Apostles of

for living; it was out againcame solution. other has no knot which side as other the their on Masterthrough these that they were made well as here, that they might conWere the spirits of the dead actualthe of Son the learnedalive, name and is water? with ly There baptized the did as gentile he vert the dead 100 * ( version Cod. Latin 107 The of God."spirit, but the of baptism a indeed says: he Elsewhere Hebrew."

114 113 Apostles "these reads: 3848)Vat. Tertullian, others Cyrill, and as to, visited, and preached "Christ the preached had teachers whoand escape cannot out, simply one point old, of both just the baptized men they of God, when the of Sonname inin baptism: element physical the those only not gentiles Jews, and faith his of and in possessiondied for the cites baptism Paul deed, of the the coming lived before who had those to who preachedpower, belief for definite argument as dead bethose also were but Lord, who

110 gave themselves before, anddied resurrection.... in physical a How the such of fore the coming Law [igitur] they seal. this Hencethem incorporeal the be dead can then rightor such any as Abel, Noah, them; with water the into downwent 10* the seen, have baptized? to As we "Discourses the In eous man."

continued 'Numbers, from last month, refer to the Apostles"Jesus says: Pastor Hermae describes the living

at end of article. bibliography

90 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

as performing the rite of baptism in All subsequent interpreters display preserved. 128 As to the rest of the

the interest of the dead, without the same perplexity and follow the church, Epiphanius explains:

saying exactly how it was done"7 same violent and arbitrary method 15: (I interpret the saying Cor. Others alternative to explain the of One explaining St. Paul was said one how

finely those that claiming [kalos], 29) who rite as the actual thing baptism while of dead something meaning if are they of point death are on the."* bodies—a counsel of desperation totally different. Because there is catechumens (candidates for baptism) are

Quite unsatisfactory also is the theonly one baptism, we are to be told to be considered worthy, in view of the ory that "before the righteous can forever henceforward, there can be expectation of baptism which they had beenter Paradise, Christ must lead them no baptism for the dead. But that is fore their death. They point out that he

through a fiery river to receive bapthe very reason why there must be hencewho haswill diedstand shallin needalsoof risethat again,forgivenessand tism,"since our source (Origen) baptism for the dead, which is not of sins that comes through baptism. 127

specifies that no one can be bapanother baptism or another kind of tized in this river who has not been baptism but in every detail the idenIn the fourth century, St. Ambrose

"first baptized with water and the tical ordinance which is administered recalled, but did not approve, the

Holy Ghost on this earth."Quite to the living and to them only, and practice:

as inadequate as this were theories therefore can profit the dead (who of a sort of heavenly baptism to take must have it if they are to be saved Fearing that a dead person who had resurrected been baptized be would the place of the missing earthly one; only when done for them by proxy. never

living or not at all, a badly [male] thus Albertus Magnus: Later writers, such as St. Ambrose, would be baptized in the name of thepersondead

one. Hence he [Paul] adds: "Else why

are they baptized for them?"According to

this he does not approve of what is done but shows the firm faith in the resurrection [that it implies]. 128

in, -j,ncvent JlLme5DEAD Ambrose is following Tertullian:

Paul doesn't approve. Where does

he disapprove? It is true that he

are not disturbed by the types and wishes to emphasize the intention in {JjSiA Mwqk If l'iblm} [-k. <=Jj. theirvarietiesday ofbecause,baptism theypractisedexplain,in thistice, case,whichandlikenotIgnatiusdiscuss thehe practakes

ASSOCIATE PROFESSOR OF HISTORY AND there is after all really only one bapfor granted 128 (in fact, his casual

RELIGION, BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY tism, which is the baptism of mention of it without explanation

Christ. By the same token the indicates perfect familiarity with it

of baptism be argument one would the saints), part of the but only on denied has been He to whom baptism of refutation as a baptism not worthless last resort on one pounce as a would of religion, through contempt but by necessity, does not lose the fruits of baptism, for the dead, which is also the bapthat as proof that he disapproved but is to be considered as baptized by the tism of Christ. The Bishop of Bristol the custom. He certainly does not

baptism of the flame of the Holy Spirit.120 observed that Tertullian in changing cite a practice which he condemns,

his opinion on the subject apparently for that, of course, would weaken

The early church, however, was concluded that baptism for the dead his argument: if baptism for the

to obliged not seek such idle fancy, which it on "an was vague conwas cited should it be is wrong, dead why it solations, for the solution. had that unlikely should St. Paul found resurin the faith that to strengthen

Speaking of I Corinthians 15:29, an argument. How then do we rection which it illustrates? QecuTertullian expostulates: the perfectly explain obvious that says Paul suggests even fact menius

for are "baptized of them if some Now that St. Paul did found an argument for the baptize they dead""why do the dead,"can that they not assume we

have a reason for it? Certainly he [Paul] on it? instead of "why do you"for fear of

is maintaining that they practised this in At the beginning of the fifth cenoffending his hearers and possibly the belief that the ordinance would be a tury Epiphanius reports: causing them to give up the pracvicarious baptism such as and advanbe

in tice. 130 Paul's to find Attempts

others, the flesh of they tageous to which has reached and Gaul From Asia a of baptism condemnation us the words for resurrected, unless assumed would be [tradition] practice, of account a certain this referred to a physical resurrection namely, that when any die without baptism for the dead were carried to their there would be no point in carrying out a among them, they baptize others in their ultimate conclusion by Peter the physical baptism.121 place and in their name, so that, rising in Venerable in the twelfth century. His

will resurrection, the to they not have pay at to quoted deserves be argument later Tertullian But has doubts failed penalty the receive of having to bapthis of where example length as an already far they to be seem (how tism, will the subject to but rather become from the Primitive Church! ) authority of the Creator of the World. For sort of thing leads to.

this tradition reason has reached which

I that givthis the don't believe Apostle was at that for the time baptized were They the said to thing us is be very the to which practice, his ing rather to the but approval intention but with dead, good refers himself the unbaptized Apostle "If says, he when it that signifying practised those therewho since that wisely, they supposing had not all, rise at they not dead what do who their belief in indicated resur- a physical by alive, could they while baptism received shall1* not for the baptized are dead?"

rection, foolishly baptized being [vane] living perbaptizing the dead out by help for the dead.... For elsewhere he speaks It is significant to find this practice sons for them. Speaking of which work

baptism. to baptize Therefore of only one

"for baptize for the dead"means to bodies; surviving in those outlying places thetion Apostleof the baptizerstemporizes,whilepraisingnot approvingthe intenas Irenaeus out, points for the body, is as we have demonstrated, is where, far as baptism conthe the baptism. For as

really dead. Christian doctrine pure old best was (Continued 109) on page

FEBRUARY 1949.. u,91

The and Power

ow much free agency does man Lord will bring to pass, no matpossess? to act for ter what man does. Man cannot

Always, it seems, there has stop these and similar events, been something to tell men that though perhaps he may hasten orpowers or conditions beyond their oneself postpone them by his actions.

control limited them in what they But this scripture by no means

In accomplish.could what

"stars"the the "fates,"or"gods,"the Dw Jhomtovi Uj. i5oom indicateseach individual'sthat theeveryLordact,determinesand the

supposedly decreed, men have found definite outcome of his life. If he did,

explanation for their own failure or This idea that what is to be is to the concept of free agency would lack of opportunity, and for the sucbe, whether based on predestination be meaningless. If the life of any incess of other men. decreed by God, on heredity and dividual is to be thus and so, then Thinking people today generally environment, or on some other prinsomething—perhaps his inherent

don't take seriously those particular ciple, has led many to an attitude of characteristics plus the situation heexcuses. But there are still many indifference or hopelessness conis placed in, but something—must

who believe their lives are essentialcerning the purpose of living. They have determined that it could not be

ly outside their own control. They refuse to take the responsibility for otherwise, no matter what he might

it. Such an individbelieve that they are caught in a their own lives and insist that the try to do about

rigid causeeffect succession that is idea of free will is an illusion. ual would have no free agency, no

difficult if not impossible to affect Many service men, after years of matter how free from personal by personal will. It is argued that a life into which they were pushed coercion he might be. He would be

each individual has certain physical by events which they in no way conas bound by his former experiences, and mental inheritances which trolled, a life that consisted largely and the immediate situation—orstrictly limit his possibilities. We whatever the determining influences

recognize that development made were—as if some other will were diduring his first few years has a great recting his decision. Some people

influence on his life, but some say would then be predestined to salvathere is little hope of any significant tion, and others to damnation.

modification of fundamental charThat such is not the situation, acteristics set during that period. that God does not determine the inThey emphasize that all during life dividual's life, is shown by his

his environment and heredity exerwords recorded in the Pearl of cise so many influences over which Great Price:

he has no control that he seems to be will prove them herewith, And to see we helpless to act for himself. if will they all things whatsoever do

The argument is, then, that the Lord their God shall command them.the

characteristics with which one is born (Abraham 3:25. Italics author's.)

make him react to the situation in

The Lord no doubt could controlwhich he is placed—neither of which

life in everyone's detail—that's certain ways. he controls at all—in to Lucifer wanted do—but insteadwhat reactions modThese and subsequent

ify his characteristics, which continue he gave man freedom to act, and the to determine how he reacts to what-—Photograph by H. Armstrong Roberts Lord thereby placed those acts out

is recorded ever happens to be his further situaof his own control. As

tion. Since he can't change what he of carrying out orders according to in Second Nephi:

is at any moment, or what has hapsomeone else's decisions, are more Wherefore, men are free according to the pened to him, he merely continues than ever convinced that their will flesh;... And they are free to choose

to react through each situation acaffects their destiny but little, if at liberty and eternal life, through the great cording to his characteristics, and all. mediationand death,ofaccordingall men, orto tothechoosecaptivitycaptivityand

thus his life is determined. power of the devil. (II Nephi 2:27.)

A similar fatalism is reached fOES man, then, have any free through a different process by some agency, as the gospel claims he Tt is unfortunate that much evil has sincere religious men. They reason does? Is it fair to hold him accountbeen and is tolerated by devout

that because it is possible for the able for his actions? Or is his life people because they accept everyLord to foretell events of this earth, pattern set for him; placed beyond thing that happens as "the will of

that since he knows "all his works his control? God,"and "for the best."Under

from the beginning,"the idea of In Acts 15:18, is found: "Known our system of free agency, many

free agency is meaningless. The unto God are all his works from the things are done contrary to the

Lord brings to pass all that hapbeginning of the world."The setLord's wishes, and although earthly

pens, and man's personal will can ting up of the kingdom, the end of judgment is seemingly suspended have no effect on the outcome. the earth, and the judgment—the ( Continued on page 116)

92 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA FROM TEMPLE

By RICHARD L EVANS past—and away theUhe Search, for tu5terie5 * ing notpast—becausea process of thethrowpast years.trouble; Childrenso do thoseoftenwhogetare intoold

so do better—and

too old. ButOne reason why progress is poswellhas muchas muchof hardearnedof error, and truth,its truthas someenoughwhoto areknowadmittedly

sible is that there are always must be preserved. In our quest for isn't there some time in life when a

living among us those who are never the unknown we must remember man, having continued long in good content with what they know or that many mistakes have already works, can safely relax? Here again

otherwith what men know—those that things been made, have the many depends answer what upon we

spirits restlesswholesomely who false, of that are been proved "relax."much by mean mean modIf we lies befor searching whatalways truth that is already discovered, rest, erate wellearned and and

yond the obvious. To some extent many questions have already been retarding of activity, yes. But there

of characteristic this is a common if, for life in searching point in a man's he is no when answered—andhumankind. Somehow we like to the overlook say, safely and disthat!""That's can unknown we and

pry out the secrets and search out regard what has already been thereafter cease from constructive the mysteries and try the untried. proved, we have moved backward good works. In idleness or indifferThis quality, like all other useful rather than serving the purposes of ence, men are always in a critical

to subjectqualities, also be may progress. is of period age. any There life—at in excesses. Sometimesabuses and

proverb, old—December 5, 1948. an "Count no man

lies the forlooking beyond what is is until Revised dead,"which happy he is oboverlookobvious, what we "... that of saying, another he way for in search ourvious. Sometimes

shall the the end, endure unto same V the ignore mysteries, 1the we Lritical shall plain Jke are saved."be works Good UJ&ear$ in looktruth. simple Sometimesand

pile stock a so not of some much rE hear forget answers, as to many opinions for elusiveing we are did as they once good things we things.present realities; for example, there w what constitutes the most criti- a of flow continuous such

looking cal are forever of life.are period those who any Of course,

is point at which There no we are mysteries, hopalways to thisfor economic answer question dewould justified in relaxing standards, our ing that the factors of soundness pend upon what particular kind of or in dropping our safeguards, or in crisis suspended becan in somehow mind. have—we For some inactive. Half becoming

of a mysteries things, for the especiallysearching as to physical at lived is better than none a lifeall—butwell will to that permit wellbeing, themprocedure the of inyears early

in less continuance than anything live perpetually beyond their means fancy are critical; in some ways, good works as long as life andand still remain solvent. There are the years of childhood are critical;

strength last, could not, with certhose who are forever looking for in some ways, adolescence; and for tainty, be called wholly successful

for loopsearchinglegal mysteries, things for some and people, some is critical living. of the time What find to critical. a middle old are somehow age and ageholes—hoping it life? for time is one and some

if the of both ignoring laws of But the question by toway we mean it all for us of some Foranother—but is avoiding of and ask in a safe letting and whenman of God man

all year, years, or the could be any those, are consequences. histhe in There guard, relaxing his down

too, who think so much upon the standards, or in becoming inactive or any day, or any hour. And useunknown mysteries of heaven that if this is what we mean, then the anful activity, with unending vigilance

they neglect the opportunities and swer is that all the years are critical and devotion to standards is the way responsibilities of earth. It is quite of safety and success from the earliwithin reason to want to look beest years of discretion to the last

yond, but successful searching bebenediction of this life.

gins with facts—it doesn't ignore—December 12, 1948.

facts; it begins with known truth

it doesn't discard truth. Progress is 1Matthew'Revised 24:13

a process of improving upon the Concluded on page 94)

"CrossroadsTLJeard from of the the with West"the Salt Lake Tabernacle Choir and Organ over a nationRADIO1 L WIDE NETWORK THROUGH AND THE COLUMBIA KSL BROADCASTING SYSTEM EVERY AT 11:30 A.M. SUNDAY

Eastern Time, 10:30 a.m. Central Time, 9:30 a.m. Mountain Time, and 8:30 a.m. Pacific Time.

FEBRUARY 1949 93 THE SPOKEN WORD (Concluded from page 93) ora Jnlnaiy* In Meeai/en an a (L>artn

EJehind the scenes of this time and what he could touch with his hands. unshakable assurance of eternal

season is this insistent thought: And the moment he did, his own life verities, we shall have given a greatThere must be much more than mere and the lives of others were lifted. er gift than men's faculties have

materialism to make life worth livRecently these sentences appeared ever fashioned. To help men find

ing. What this world needs beyond in print: "Scientists are begging us faith in their fellow men, faith in

all these material marvels is what to catch up spiritually with their disthemselves, faith in an unfailing fucivilization itself needs—the spiritcoveries.... Unless we rise to ture, and faith in God and all the

spiritual shall levels, higherual counterpart the of material progde- realities of life, here and hereafter, M1we.., stroy another. thatress one world Perhaps have made. The men

of giving. kind is a glorious And as

is off into these put balance partly because words what menwe could we have in mind by going back to have given their minds and their to this matter of an overemphasized the story of Scrooge, which Dickens means much more to material matmaterialism, these words from Hamhas left for our reading. The marvel ters than to spiritual insight and unlet come to mind: "There are more

was not that a man suddenly began derstanding. If we can give hope to things in heaven and earth, Horatio,

—theto spendmarvelsome wasof histhatmiseredthere moneywas a afutureneighborhas beenwhosedimmedhope inbyan aeternalmuch thanophy."are5 dreamtThe futureof in yourwill philosjustify

transformation in the. man himself, too worldly present, we shall have men's faith.

inside. The marvel was that he saw given a greater gift than men's—December 19, 1948.

this If eversomething hands beyond made. have we can world—and

in this give to live insomething those world doubt beyond who an iFrank2Shakespeare,C. LaubachHamlet. Act I, Scene IV

VDook Ualued and r\eat Uaulte5

As we look back on a year, almost formance. If we have moved along important in the final result than

always we wonder where the about as well as we could, if we things that seem much more imprestime has gone, and almost always have done our share of the work sive. Sometimes we are too close to

we wonder what we have done there is to be done, if we have kept our own activities to place a fair with it. Sometimes we may feel a family together, if we have kept appraisal upon them. But as we

that we have done something really a home going, if we have kept other find ourselves growing older and worth while. But often we feel that people gainfully employed, or if we more thoughtful, there seems to

we have done very little. We know have turned in an honest day ourgrow among us a changing sense of

that we've been working: we know selves, if we have been mindful of values and a deeper discrimination

that we've been moving: we know other men and of our obligations, between book values and real valthat we're tired; we know that we needn't be too discouraged. Acues, between publicity and performwe've been busy. But so often we complishment consists of many ance, between seeming and being.

don't actually feel that we have things besides the tangibles that we And it becomes more apparent that done what we would like to do—or accumulate, of many things besides such things as loyalty and service,

even what was expected of us. the specific things we can point to. honesty and honor, virtue and faithSome days seem wasted; some And many men who have lived well fulness, kindness and consideration,

years seem unsatisfying; and somecannot catalogue what they have and family and friends can make

times we feel frustrated. But it may done so easily as some who have any year worth while, even though

give us some comfort to remember lifted the world less. Actually some we miss the mark in much that we

that spectacular performance isn't of the seemingly small personal intended.

expected of us—only consistent perthings we do, may be much more—December 26, 1948.

MY LITTLE FARMER

By Nell Cox

the tidy spot not stones yard is rocks beside and And the walks year there'll Next only be a bus horses grazing, cows and pride Are with carries own ThatMY That many him away.

In summer, winter, fall, or spring, And sticks and twigs are pens for pigs My little farmer, when he's six

I single not thing; In number quite amazing. Will go to school all day. move a may

tried.I I've because know,

Oh, I must walk with careful step Then I may rake and clean my yard 'f

The leaves must stay right where they fall Watchful, never rushing, And tidiness impart,

But call them "leaves,"oh, never; For should I step on twigs or grass But every single little ditch

They're piles of hay, and my fiveyear-old Who knows what I'd be crushing? I'll keep within my heart.

Says they must stay there forever!

Next year there'll be no wee canals

Brimming down the row Where he has caught with trench and dam

My garden's overflow.

94 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

THE BIG FISHERMAN

(Lloyd C. Douglas. Houghton Mifflin

Company, Boston. 1948.

e*Azst><&e\& 581 pages. $3.75.) EN TH EN

'"Phis story parallels and supplements somewhat The Robe, although the

PEARL OF GREAT able to rediscover the ancient calendar emphasis is on the JewishArabian

PRICE COMMENTARY of the Israelites as given to them angle rather than on the Roman. The

(Milton R. Hunter. Stevens & Wallis, through Moses. Even modern Jews adstory, dealing as it does with Christ's

Salt Lake City. 1948. mit that they have no calendar earlier ministry, is a very fascinating one and

264 pages. $3.00.) than the Christian era. The book develops the growth of faith in the

A lmost since its acceptance as scripproves that Sabbath from the time of big fisherman, Peter. There are two

Saints must be Latterday that things of Christ time to the Jesus up Moses ture the has awaited an Church first, book: read the they of as aware Satdates not and on were fixedauthoritative which comwork would

is to not referring Peter the scripture to (the solution the problem). urday—on doctrine Pricement of Great on Pearl

and history, one which would point up An excellent chart calendar of the angiven fully and with the correct interthe importance of this sacred volume cient changeable Sabbaths is also inpretation, and, second, angels do not to Latterday Saints. cluded. Every missionary who is conwear any insignia. Good will result

President Hunter's new commentary fronted with proving the Sunday from reading this story, and it is to be is just such a work. In it he reproSabbath doctrine of the Church will hoped that it will send the reader back

itself in whichduces the entire Pearl of Great Price, find rich Bible help on this controverted to the New Testament collating the material according to hispoint. Thirteen commonly asked questhe record is dramatically, succinctly,

torical setting and subject matter. Data tions with their answers are given in and authoritatively told. M. C. J.

pertaining to the discovery and transthe addenda. Harold Lundstrom of

lation set are of the Book of Abraham the "Church News Section,"Deseret THE PROPER STUDY Neivsforth. facts the surrounding Book The OF MANKIND

are given. in theof docJoseph And

fieldtrinal valuable of a wealth comTHE ROUND DANCE BOOK York.(Stuart 1948.Chase.311Harperpages. &$3.50.)Bros., New

ments and explanations is found. (Lloyd Shaw. The Caxton Printers,

Explanations are made of such stateLtd., Caldwell, Idaho. 448 pages. Tn this book the author carefully exments as that "thy children are con- $5.00. [Special Limited Edition, plores the possibilities and the

ceived in sin."The passage telling of autographed $7.00.] achievements in applying the methods

the sons of God who married the of science to the problems of human daughters of men is analyzed. Conloyd Shaw is a favorite with relations. It is one of the most signifisideration is given to the grand counUtahns who are dancers or who cant works of our time because it atcil in heaven where the plan for an enjoy watching spirited and good danctempts to indicate a procedure that

earth life was announced. The various ing. This new book of Shaw's will be should help man live better with man.

accounts of the creation, Pearl of Great a favorite with anyone who wants The author analyzes what has already

Price contributions to our knowledge working materials for school and recbeen accomplished in the way of social of God and Christ, and the revelations reational use. There are seventeen science—and it proves somewhat dishad by the ancients on many gospel illustrations and a dozen or so dances concerting to know that we have not

subjects are examined with scholarly based on polka, waltz, mazurka, schotkept upto-date nearly so well on social skill. tische, twostep, and Viennese Waltz. science as we have on technological

This new work, the eleventh pubThere are mixers; there is theory, both science. He also indicates procedures

lished by the present author, is a valugay and good; and best of all there is that could go forward in making man

able contribution to Church literature. Lloyd Shaw all through the book. understand man better. And he statesPresident Hunter has performed a—Leona Holbrook, B.Y.U, clearly, "The scientific method does not

signal service in an almost untouched tell us how things ought to behave, but field. Pearl they is a This Price do behave."Great how The book Comof EARL WARREN

ismentary along that the hopeful should a towards work be added way

Inc., (Irving Stone. Hall, Prentice

to library. ultimate Saint Latterday will every read everyone signpeace—if 1948. York. 176 pages. $2.00.) New - it President that and convinced become Bruce someMcConkie, R.

of the First Council of the Seventy HPhis story of a son of an infant imthing can be done to help people live migrant from Stavanger, Norway, together happily or at least congenialTHE TRUE SABBATHto the United States is challenging and ly.—M. C. /.

SATURDAY OR SUNDAY? heartwarming. The youth of Earl

(Kenneth Published E. Coombs. that was by the Warren of a boy who realALL OF US HAVE TROUBLESauthor, Drive, Salt Highland 2305 the opportunities of ized what America

Lake City. 1948. 95 pages. $1.50.) are but who had to work hard to (Harold Seashore. Associated Press,

After fourteen years of study and accomplish them. As a youth he carried New York. 50 pages. 25c.)

missionary work with those who two paper routes in addition to his '"Phis Young Men's Christian Assoadvocate Saturday Sabbath, the auschool work. As an adult he has folciation publication is a plea for

thor brings to his small volume a comlowed the same rigorous routine. As young men and women everywhere to

prehensive answer on the difficult Sat- a public officer he has inspired conget the latest developments in psychiaurday-Sunday Sabbath. Part of the fidence and has won to his cause men try from upto-date textbooks, acbook is a condensation of Sunday-—who have taken, as he himself has credited university courses, and trained

The True Sabbath of God by Dr. S. taken, a reduction in salary in order to psychiatrists rather than to place their

Walter Gamble, a worldrenowned serve the community. His life is stimuproblems in the hands of phony charm

scholar on the Sabbath days of the lating to all who have had a belief in schools, personality makeovers, starthrough twentyJews. America Dr. Gamble for those what can do who Z., L. Jr. gazers, and the like.—A of painstaking ineight years her ideals study live with mind. was M. C. J. (Concluded on page 115)

FEBRUARY 1949 95 "These We Honor ) That these servicemen and women did a real service in making known our principles and ideals 'T'o Benjamin Franklin there could be no good there can be no doubt; however, there remains for

war and no bad peace. To most of us there is us the greater challenge: to prove our own worthmuch truth in his belief, especially when we look iness to be classed with them, as courageous folabout at the waste in destruction of human life lowers of our doctrine. As Lincoln said on anand human endeavor. In the recent war many of other occasion in another war:

the choicest of the youth of our Church lost their lives in a valiant attempt to make the world a safe It is for us the living, rather to be dedicated here to the abiding place for the ideals of freedom, justice, sounfinishednobly advanced.work whichIt istheyratherwho forfoughtus toherebe herehavededicatedthus far

and equality. to the great task remaining before us—that we take increased

Elder Mark E. Petersen stated in the April devotion.... (Lincoln's Gettysburg Address.)

conference of 1946:

"These We Honor"and in the honoring pledge... if we were to estimate the total for the whole Church, ourselves to live that we may carry forward the

figures that compiled, the thus far been based have upon of given ideals of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday servicemen Saint Latterday have the number who their lives in this war would exceed five thousand. (Era, Saints.—M. C. /.

May 1946, p. 288.)

Brigham Young University has made a noteThe Strength of Silent Sermons worthy gesture to honor not only those who gave their lives but also all servicemen and women who 1U[uch has been said and much will still be written attended B.Y.U. by devoting one issue of The concerning the missionaries and mission sysMessenger to them, titling it, "These We Honor."tem of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday

It is startling to note that one hundred and four Saints. And we agree with all the good that has

of those who attended Brigham Young University been recorded. This is essentially a missiongave their lives in defense of their country's ideals. ary Church. It always was and always will be.

The total number of those who served their But, although we now count our missionaries by country from Brigham Young University reached the thousands, it hasn't always been so. Comover 2400, which seems like a tremendous number paratively few have been chosen to be fulltime

from one institution—and to Latterday Saints it ambassadors of the gospel of Jesus Christ. That

is entirely compatible with our ideals. To memfirst year that the Church was organized, 1830,

bers of the Church it is unthinkable that an saw a total of sixteen missionaries. The Prophet

ideology of force, a philosophy of totalitarianism, Joseph Smith saw but four years when the Church should exist for any people anywhere since the had one hundred or more missionaries in the field.

law of God is that of free agency. (There were 586 in 1844, the year of his martyrIt is of great interest to note further the great dom. ) His successor, Brigham Young, saw ten

leadership which these servicemen and women years with more than one hundred missionaries in evidenced. They were superior in their attainthe field; two of which years that total was swelled

ments of positions of trust. to over two hundred. Yet we must testify of the

The theaters of action were widespread—anHerculean task that those early missionaries acother factor which would seem to be of the utmost complished.

significance. To list the places of service is to It is recorded in modernday scripture that "...

list most of the known and many of the unknown the field is white already to harvest..."(D. 8 C.

geographical points in this world of ours: Tarawa, 4:4), "And if it so be that you should labor all

Ploeste, Asia, North Sea. France, Europe, Saipan, your days in crying repentance unto this people,

South Pacific, England, Kansas, India, California, and bring, save it be one soul unto me, how great

Iwo Jima, Borneo, Germany, Okinawa, Austria, shall be your joy with him in the kingdom of my

Nebraska, AlsaceLorraine, Belgium, North Father!"(Ibid., 18:15.) Many converts have said

Africa, Texas, Florida, Japan, Alaska, New that they have been first attracted to the message

Guinea, Virginia, Eastern Manchuria, Burma, of the restored gospel, not by the preachings of

Italy, Solomon Islands, Guadalcanal, Philippines, the missionaries, but by the personal conduct of

Guam, Pelelieu Islands, Australia, Bougainville, members whom they met as neighbors, business

North Carolina. Widespread as were their spheres associates, buddies in khaki or blue of the armed

of action—so was their carrying of the gospel services—truly, the silent sermons of the Church.

message. Even though they may not have been We need missionaries, yes! Our present force

actively engaged in preaching the gospel, they of 4,714 could be increased tenfold and we'd still were truly missionaries in the fullest sense of the need missionaries. But each of us needs to dediword. By their lives and their adherence to princate anew the cause of the Church in our personal

ciples of truth and honor, they won the respect living, and become a silent sermon for righteousof those who believed differently. ness in the earth. A. L. Z., Jr.

96 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA When knowledge is used correctly, properly, it enables above cxxxll. What -T5 (L>temal [-mareddion ( righteously,man to progress.towardsThethelawgreatof Godobjective,ever rises

T ATTERday Saints find great joy in the doctrine the desires of man.

that man will retain eternally the power that This then is eternal progress: To add truth to

he possesses on earth. Forever he may learn. truth; and to use truth, insistently and persistently

Forever he may accept or reject any offering. As for the accomplishment of the Lord's plan for the

he uses these endless gifts of personal existence perfection of his willing children. That is how

he will progress, or retrograde. progress is attained. Brigham Young, using the

Brigham Young said, simply but clearly: "Igword improve instead of progress, expressed his

norant? Yes, we are ignorant; but we are on the view in forceful words:

high road to that eternal knowledge that fills the "It is enough for me to know that mankind are... This work is made to improve themselves. All creation, visible bosom of the Gods in eternity—

a progressive work, this doctrine that is taught and invisible, is the workmanship of our God, the the Latterday Saints in its nature is exalting, supreme Architect and Ruler of the whole, who increasing, expanding and extending broader and 'organized this world, and created every living broader until we can know as we are known and thing upon it, to act in its sphere and order. To

1 see as we are seen."this end has he ordained all things to increase and

The doctrine of eternal progression was a tremultiply. The Lord God Almighty has decreed

mendous addition to Christian belief and thought. this principle to be the great, governing law of5

For centuries the churches had promised man existence, and for that purpose are we formed."

eternal existence; but Joseph Smith promised man Now, such progress can with full propriety be

through the restored gospel possible endless activcalled growth. Eternal progress is really eternal

ity and development. That gave heaven, often growth. To progress forever a man must eternally

conceived as a static psalmsinging place, a new grow in power to develop the plan of salvation.

and desirable definition. Then he moves towards the likeness of the Lord.

Man's powers, after his earth journey, may be That is growth; that is progression.

keener, sharper, than here. There he may see and This doctrine is foreshadowed in sacred writ.

understand more clearly. That is granted. But, When Jesus was on earth, he declared in simple

his right to exercise his powers or to choose rewords, "I am the resurrection and the life."3 Here

mains inviolate. He may ascend or descend. He he distinguished clearly between mere existence,

may rejoice in or scoff at the offerings of the good and necessary as it is, and an active existence

Lord. Therefore, the retention of his powers does which leads to progress. He called the larger and

not necessarily protect him. Lucifer, high in the more complete existence life. Earlier in the world's

councils of heaven, fell to the low estate of Satan. history, he said the same to Moses, "... this is

To insure progress the powers of man must be my work and my glory—to bring to pass the imexercised for the achievement of the great objecmortality and eternal life of man."* Again he

tive of existence. He must become by every act distinguished between eternal existence, a necesmore and more like the Lord of heaven. That is sary precedent condition, and an activity throughthe highest hope and highest conception of joy out external existence, which he called life.

by every thinking person. In a small degree this In the path of eternal progression there are, of

is attainable by man, through strict obedience to course, degrees of achievement. Though the powthe laws of the Lord. ers of every living soul will remain undiminished,

They who so employ their time and talents they who have won an exaltation in the celestial properly, whether here or hereafter, increase in kingdom alone will have the blessing of increase knowledge. That is the beginning of wisdom. of their kind. That is the great blessing vouchThere is no end to knowledge. The field of availsafed to those who learn most, do best, and bend

able knowledge is much like the ten digits, from their will to the purposes of the Lord. 5

to 9, the combinations of which are infinite in What then is eternal progress? It is an eternity

number. By using or combining simple principles of active life, increasing in all good things, towards

he may likewise multiply knowledge, without limit. the likeness of the Lord. It is the highest conBut, as knowledge is gained, whether here or ceivable form of growth.

in the infinities, it must be used. Man must not It began in past eternities, it is continued by the

only learn, but he must apply his learning to a righteous on earth, and may be the labor of the purpose. uses to worthy which knowledge The everlasting A. W. hereafter.—/. infinite. put are also be unused Knowledge may

is dry and tasteless. Use gives it life and value. 2Ibid.,8John 11:25p. 95

4Moses 1:39

Discourses of Brigham Young, 1941 edition, p. 90 BSee D. & G. 132:1920

FEBRUARY 1949 97

'%edLLs, Wheat for Man"

have always considered the secbooks written at that time. Now, When instructions for the

preparation of condensed ond part of the Word of Wisthought I, since it has been proven canned soups call for I dom as far more interesting than that the best food for the ox is corn, milk, cream or water, use the first part, largely because for is it not reasonable to believe that

Morning Milk undiluted—just as it many years we closed our eyes to wheat is the best food for man, and

comes from the can. Then taste the difall but the negative ( first ) part of this that this statement would stand

ference! Doublerich Morning Milk marvelous document. The positive similar scientific analysis even as extra extra richness adds smoothness,

to cream soups that everyone loves! ( or second ) part was seldom if ever did the former? In my own mind I

Take a tip from famous cooks—referred to or even thought of when was convinced of it.

use smoothrich Morning Milk in all mention was made of the Word of Included in the article referred to recipes calling for milk or cream. Wisdom. I do not mean to imply in The Improvement Era are a

that the fore part of this revelation number of scientific feeding experiis important. Nevertheless, from not out ments carried the on animals,Morning Always Use the twenty years ago when day a optimal diet of animals which

MORNING bookcine cameentitledinto Chemistrymy hands, inmy Mediinter- resultsmost similarof theseto thatexperimentsof man. lendTheis

est in of Wisdom the Word has strong to the truth of the credence steadfastly focused on that MILK been for statement, "Nevertheless, wheat part which advises us specifically man."It is not, of course, scientifiYOURS FOR which foods God has ordained for cally feasible to experiment with huthe use of man to best promote the man beings in the same manner as

wellbeing of man, that he "might one does with animals. Yet there BIGGER #*# have joy"in living. came to my attention sometime ago

Within the pages of the book (British Medical Journal,]u\y 1947) referred to I read of an intensely inthe report of certain experiments teresting experiment carried out at which served as the impetus for the the University of Wisconsin, having writing of this brief article.

to do with the feeding of cattle.

NEW (See The Improvement Era, OcOeference is made to studies conRamshaw tober 1935, page 607, and The ducted with glutanic acid, the

Word of Wisdom, Dr. John A. only amino acid known to be WHITE LEGHORN CHICKS

NowNEW livability, NEW high Widtsoe and Leah D. Widtsoe. metabolized by the brain. This acid

production. Bred and hatched The results of the experiment increases the oxygen consumption

in right here Utah.., Backed proved conclusively that the best in the brain and is found abundantly the nation's of by one largest

U.S.R.O.P. White Leghorn Breedfood for cattle is corn. in the gluten contained in wheat.

ing Programs. really can You.., The revelation contained in secInteresting is the report of experifine chicks depend on these

depend on them for more eggs tion eightynine contains the statements by Mellanby who fed experiflour bigger and animals checks. mental whole inegg on wheat We for "Nevertheless, ment, wheat man

vite you the to compare breedto the switched commerand then..". for revthe ox, corn and The ing background of RAMSHAW

flour. cially the bleached When elation White given Leghorns the with to the more world finest was

commercial chicks available anythan four score years before the former was fed, the animals fared where. Also selected HEAVY list scientific experiment referred to well, but the same animals develBREEDS. Catalog and price

free. U.S.R.O.P. and U.S. Apconfirmed its truth! And, for the oped a serious nervous disorder on

proved, U.S. Pullorum Passed. sake of emphasis, let me repeat here the "refined"flour.

W. Ed Ramshaw, H. Grant Ivins ip what I have ofttimes stressed hereInteresting, too, is the report of

tofore: At the time when Joseph other experimental animals which,

Smith gave to the world the Word when fed the glutanic acid referred RAMSHAW of Wisdom, there was no possible to, showed marked improvement in

HATCHERIES & BREEDING FARMS scientific source of this information. their maze learning (ability to dis3687 SOUTH STATE Its teachings were not contained as cover their way out of an intricate

Sal! Lake City 6, Utah the Prophet presented them in the maze ). But most interesting was the

98 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA report of the feeding of this amino acid (found abundantly in wheat) to children. The experiment was

carried on for only six months, and yet in that brief interval it was noted that "the children showed a greater improvement in intelligence than could be expected from lapse of time alone. There were improvements in the intelligence quotient of

from five to thirteen points, with an average of nine."

The foregoing is but another bit of evidence which, per se, might be of relatively little importance, but combined with the many experiments that have gone before and the (in my opinion) many more that will follow, it helps to confirm what

Latterday Saints long have been taught with respect to the food and foods best suited for mnn.

Down through the years there comes to me the voice of the Prophet Joseph Smith, "they shall receive wisdom and great treasures of knowledge"; and the cogent words,

"Nevertheless, wheat for man."

tops i Oh, lovely Blonde! My voice I raise,

Your tender, golden charms to praise

When I am soiled beyond belief,

Your perfume heralds prompt relief.

Josephine B. Nichols Beneath your Swift and gentle care

A Good Breakfast I shun all washday wear and fear.

/\nce a year we take time out to reAnd when with me you've had your way mind you of the most important I'm cleansed of 'TattleTale-ish'Gray.

meal of the day: "breakfast."A good

breakfast is a good starter for a good All substitutes I now decline, day. A good breakfast will consist of

fruit, cereal, milk, bread, and butter; $&m$f&. Dear Blondie, be my Valentine!

eggs and meat may be added.

This meal should be easily prepared, simply served, and enjoyed by the whole family.

Breakfast Suggestions

Sunday

Crisp Rice Cereal with Banana Slices

Fried Bacon and Liver Coffee Cake Milk

Monday

Baked Apple

Oatmeal Cereal Top Milk Cinnamon Toast GOLDEN BAR OR GOLDEN CHIPS

Milk

Tuesday FelsNaptha Soap Half Grapefruit {Continued on page 100) BANISHES "TATTLETALE GRAY"

FEBRUARY 1949 99

Cook's Corner TUNA STUFFED BAKED POTATOES {Continued from page 99)

Fluffy Scrambled Eggs Bran Muffins Plum Jam Milk

Wednesday

Stewed Prunes

Crusty Fried Mush Syrup Broiled Orange Slices Crisp Bacon Curls Milk Whip them up in jigtime; serve piping hot! Thursday

Mild, delicious StarKist Tuna in drifts of mealy potatoes... what Orange Juice

a combination! For an evening meal that's just a little different, Brown Rice Cereal with Dates

it's hearty, satisfying, and oh, so good. An extra minute or two in Top Milk

preparation doubles nourishment dividends and compliments, too Poached Eggs on Toast

TUNA STUFFED BAKED POTATOES Milk 4 large baked potatoes 1 7-oz. can StarKist Fancy Solid Pack. Vl teaspoon pepper

2 tablespoons butter (or New Chunk Style Grated) Tuna 1 tablespoon minced onion Friday (or margarine) Va cup top milk V* lb. grated Cheddar

V* teaspoon salt cheese (optional) Apricot Juice

Scoop out contents of hot baked potatoes and mash. Beat in butter, oil Wheat Flakes Cereal Top Milk

from tuna and hot milk. Add salt, pepper, onion and flaked tuna. Heap Little Hot Cakes Maple Syrup

mixture lightly in potato shells and sprinkle with grated cheese. Place in Sausage Balls

450 F. oven for 10 minutes, or until lightly browned. Serves 4 generously. Milk

FREE TUNA RECIPE BOOK Saturday

Economical, kitchentested tuna recipes. Colorful, 24page

booklet! Write: StarKist Tuna, Terminal Island, Calif,, Tomato Juice

Dept. 2E Baked Ham and Eggs

Solid Pack or Chunk Style Grated Orange Toast... StarKist quality is the same Milk

Quick Coffee Cake

1 beaten egg Yi cup sugar *** Yi2 tablespoonscup milk melted shortening made 1 cup flour salt high Pr0,e, Yi teaspoon 2 teaspoons baking powder ftou* Combine egg, sugar, milk, and shortening. Add flour, salt, and baking powder.

Mix well and pour into waxedpaper- lined eightinch square pan. Sprinkle with

mixture of onefourth cup brown sugar, one tablespoon cinnamon, one tablespoon flour, one tablespoon melted butter; spread

evenly over dough, and onehalf cup broken nut meats. Bake in moderately

hot oven (375) twenty to twentyfive minutes.

Bran Muffins

Y cup flour \Yl cups bran flakes cereal Enriched 2 teaspoons baking powder with vitamins and iron 1 teaspoon salt 1 tablespoon sugar \ Royal Baking Co., Sal* Lake & Ogden 11 eggcup milk

1 tablespoon molasses 2 tablespoons melted fat

together. ingredients Combine Mix dryjOUXfg JOIUT TIM* milk, slightly egg, molasses, beaten and POP CORN liquid into shortening. Pour Better Chocolates melted SURETOPOP for over 50 years ingredients, stirring only enough to dampdry

CRISP AND Located at Provo. Utah en flour. Fill greased muffin pans twofull. Bake in hot oven 425 F. for "%> TENDER "The Candy City"thirds

twenty minutes.

Brown Rice with Dates Yi cup brown rice \Yi cups boiling water Yi teaspoon salt Y cup dates cut in small pieces

In the top of a double boiler place water, salt, and rice. Cover and place

over boiling water. Cook about forty

minutes without stirring. Rice should be

tender and each grain separated. Stir in

dates, continue cooking twenty to thirty minutes. Serve with top milk.

Crusty Fried Mush

Yi cup yellow corn meal 2 cups boiling water Yi teaspoon salt Add salt to water in top of double boiler; stir in corn meal which has been

moistened with cold water to prevent lumping, boil two to three minutes. Cover

and place over boiling water. Cook thirty

to forty minutes. Pour into greased No. 1

tall can, or greased loaf pan. Chill.

When firm, slice and roll in corn flakes crumbs and fry. Serve with syrup.

Fluffy Scrambled Eggs

4 beaten eggs 34 cup milk Yi teaspoon salt Y teaspoon pepper Y teaspoon Worcestershire sauce (if desired) 1 tablespoon butter Combine eggs, milk, and seasoning. It's a story told without words

Melt butter in double boiler; add egg

mixture. Cook slowly until set, stirring constantly. Each day seems to write a new—because it is easy for babies to chapter in the story of your baby's digest—because it is surely free

Baked Ham and Eggs growth. The stronger grip on your from harmful germs.

sliced baked ham finger. The straight back, when he Potent reasons, those. But there's

eggs learns to sit alone. The first tiny one more. Sego Milk is fortified

white sauce white tooth. The sound legs, sturdy with a new form of vitamin D—

out into to carry him enough kind of same Vitamin the pure sliced D 3—the (cut Place in serving baked ham well"say "all's These big world. sunshine bright vitamin dish. size in pieces) of bottom baking D that

Break an egg on each piece of ham. Pour more eloquently than words. would provide if your baby could

medium white sauce over the top. SprinThe story of your baby's growth get enough sunshine. It's the comthe you chiefly milk upon depends kle buttered crumbs. with in oven Bake the of this vitamin and bination

the 325 for that F. sure at minutes, twenty or until give being him. And that provides minerals milk which firm. the are egg whites is good give your baby you milk

milk is no longer a problem. Dochelp your baby to grow, to have a

tors recommend Sego Milk for welldeveloped body, sound teeth,

HANDY HINTS babies because it is uniformly rich and bones that are straight and

Payment for Handy Hints used will be in the food substances of whole milk strong.

one dollar upon publication. In the eventthat two with the same idea are submitted, Ask your doctor about Sego Milk—the first brand of

the one postmarked earlier will receive the evaporated milk to be fortified withpure vitamin D3 dollar. None of the ideas can be returned,

will careful consideration. receivebut each

certifies that seal the WisThis stateall certifies that seal

Research Founconsin Alumni is torn, lace curtain that a mend To achave been here AMERICANITMEDICALASSN. Ijj Thisments made tests to periodic makes dationiron net piece starched the V of over a Council the as true cepted by diluted with that Milk Sego determinehole instead of darning it.—G. N Idaon Foods and Nutrition of the American an equal amount of water always gives

ho Falls, Idaho. Medical Association. you 400 units of vitamin D per quart.

A cloth dipped in linseed oil and wiped over a polished surface will improve its apSend for this 64page baby book. A reliable guide to

to childhood. infancy through training, care and R. C. H Mr. Home, Idababypearance.—Mrs.

... Also physician.ho. wellknown Approved by a

Pour boiling water into the container in Mary Lee Taylor's latest recipe booklet. Write to.

which paraffin has been melted. The parafSEGO MILK PRODUCTS CO., Salt Lake City, Utah

fin remaining in the pan will float to the Originator of Evaporated Milk in the Intermountain West top of the water and when cold is easy to Plants at Richmond, Utah; Preston and Buhl, Idaho

remove.—M. O., Clarion, Iowa.

FEBRUARY 1949 101

The Why and How ol Monthly Quorum Business Meetings

present the Melprogram forHPhe lele ht2e dek desPriesthood quorums chizedek ignates that a quorum business meeting spiritual welfare of the quorum 14. Report of special task committees

shall be conducted monthly. Inmembers and their families and the 15. Reports on visits to ward groups,

quiry and observation indicate that in rendering of effective Church servmembers, and families many cases the purpose and procedure ice 16. Assignments:

for this meeting are but vaguely under- 2. To be a checkup and planning a. Standing and task committee

stood. In the interests of enabling quomeeting in which assignments are work

rums to achieve more purposeful work, made, reports are received, and b. Assignments to groups (if any;

the general priesthood committee has problems are analyzed with statisotherwise to selected members undertaken to outline the following tical and other data available as of the quorum) procedure and objectives somewhat in a basis for effective action c. (1) Projects ( welfare and quodetail. This information is being pre- 3. To foster true fellowship in the rum)

pared as a supplement for insertion in brotherhood of the Church (2) Writing letters to absent the Melchizedek Priesthood Handbook 4. To meet as an entire quorum members

and all brethren having such a manual monthly, except quorums in wide- ( 3 ) Visiting sick and absentees will receive this supplement through ly scattered stakes which have due to other causes their stake presidencies. membership in more than one (4) Visits to quorum members

Many quorums have apparently ward, in which cases such meetand home teaching failed to understand in the past the opings may be held quarterly in con- (5) Missionary work portunities which such a monthly businection with stake conferences (6) Miscellaneous ness meeting affords. Frequently quo- ( Where quorums meet weekly the d. Stake leadership and other

rums have failed entirely to discuss second meeting of the month is to meetings any matters of business. Instead they be designated as the monthly quo- e. Church ordinance work

have resorted to planning a program rum business meeting.) 17. Instructions from quorum presiwith special speakers and musical num- 5. To be a time devoted to business dency or others assigned

bers or the treatment of a lesson topic. matters during which no lesson a. Review of material appearing

In a number of items listed under materials are to be discussed. Likeduring the past month on the

the suggested order of business will be wise, in regular weekly quorum Melchizedek Priesthood pages found ample opportunity for handling and group meetings when lessons of The Improvement Era and all business matters with dispatch. It is are to be discussed, the time the Church News Section

likewise hoped that this breakdown should be devoted to lesson work 18. Remarks by visiting members of

will make quorum presidencies more except for occasional emergency stake Melchizedek Priesthood keenly aware of the many business and or essential items of business committee or other special visitors social functions for which they are which might suffer through delay 19. Closing musical number (congreresponsible and concerning which they gational or special)should be energetically engaged. Ample opportunity for initiative and for Suggested Order of Business 20. Benediction

a varied program is afforded through 21. Social hour (light refreshments

following the suggestions given. Quo- 1. Greetings by member of quorum optional), inspection of quorum

rum officers are requested to carry on presidency conducting. (One or charts, exhibits, etc.

conscientiously such programs as will more members of the presidency most effectively promote the spiritual should greet each member at the Note: For an outline of the eleand temporal Wellbeing of all quodoor and assigned ushers, where ments of success in quorum meetings,

rum members. needed, should show them to their see Melchizedek Priesthood Hand'

Where an alert quorum presidency seats. book, page 34.

is endeavoring to use its energy un- 2. Announcements

selfishly in serving those under its su- 3. Opening song

pervision, the monthly meeting may not 4. Invocation Church Publications

5. Special musical number all to sufficient consummate entirelybe of minutes for Servicemen and approval 6. Reading to to be brought need whichmatters

the attention of the quorum. Occasionof previous meeting Touring the recent worldwide conflict

ally it may be necessary to devote some 7. Roll call (silent, if preferred, to the Church publications were often

time in the weekly quorum or group conserve time) the only means of contact with the meetings for the handling of special 8. Financial report and consideration Church for many of our brethren in the

matters which might suffer through of proposed expenditures armed services of this country. They

delay. Every effort should be made, 9. Acceptance of new members orcontributed immeasurably to the

however, to confine the quorum busidained or transferred during past strength and stability of those so enness matters to the monthly business month and sustaining of newly apgaged.

meeting in order to allow a maximum pointed officers In the hope that this service may be of time for the regular weekly lesson 10. Report by secretary on correextended more adequately, the L.D.S.

course. spondence, quarterly reports, and Servicemen's committee suggested in a

The supplement is printed as folwelfare green card file recent letter to stake presidents that lows: 11. Reading letters from absent memThe Improvement Era and the

Objectives and Procedures 12. bersUnfinished business from last eret"ChurchNewsNewsshouldSection"be sentof Theto Deseach

1. To be primarily a business meeting meeting quorum member away from home, and

devoted to the physical, social, and 13. Report of standing committees that quorum funds may properly be

102 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA addition to the many regular welfare assignments received by quorum members from their individual wards.

Gratifying as these activities have been, there is ample opportunity for greater achievement during the present

CONDUCTED BY THE GENERAL PRIESTHOOD COMMITTEE OF THE COUNCIL OF THE year. Responsibility results in growth.

TWELVE—HAROLD B. LEE, CHAIRMAN; EZRA TAFT BENSON, MARION G. ROMNEY, Every effort made to increase the rightTHOMAS E. MC KAY, CLIFFORD E. YOUNG, ALMA SONNE, LEVI EDGAR YOUNG, eousness of individual standards will

ANTOINE R. IVINS, RICHARD L. EVANS, OSCAR A. KIRKHAM, S. DILWORTH result in a more effective and vigorous

YOUNG, MILTON R. HUNTER, BRUCE R. MC CONKIE body of priesthood with all its resultant

blessings. Priesthood is the heart, the

lifeblood of the Church, and no opused for this project. They urged Priesthood committees in 1948, or an portunity should be shirked to increase

stake and ward officers to: average of six and onehalf members its power in the lives of all who come

on each committee. Some stakes have under its influence, whether it be in

... keep quorum officers conscious of the as few as three members while others the home, the Church, or the comfact that these boys are members of their have in excess of twelve. The two munity. Truly the responsibility, not

quorum, whether at home or away, and largest such committees in the Church alone of bearing the priesthood, but of that the quorum has a definite responsibilappear to be those in the Lehi Stake directing its activities, is a challenging ity are to while they them even absent with a membership of nineteen and in one requiring unselfish service and detraining in distant taking camps.from home

the Berkeley Stake with a membership votion.

With quite a number of the members of seventeen.

of the Melchizedek Priesthood quoEach stake Melchizedek Priesthood meetholding averaged one services, in the alreadyrums and committee armed stake NOLIQUOR-TOBACCO of number ing each month. A it is felt thatothers month, going each committees met weekly. Stakes in COLUMNspecial attention should be given to this

frequent meetings been have which Conducted byproject. given already cooperation The Dr. Joseph F. Merrill consistent held have the most shown is fully apand ward officersby stake

preciated, and it is hoped that this improvement.

functions the these of comOne of activity, intended ourimportant to keep Are There Advantages? visit mittees is to groups and quorums in touch informed of andyoung people

with the counsel of the Church leadas frequently as possible to determine "O ecently we received a letter from a ers and important events throughout their needs and to render maximum teacher asking among other things slightly fewer Each quarter full will receive coassistance.the the for information Church, on the advantages of

visits than four thousand have all of been usingoperation support quorum tobacco for and consumption. human

officers and members. made. In other words, each committee The request somewhat startled us for

slightly averaged over has are priceless in the member young had never thought men These one we any there were year. during the such visit each month insight beneficial their behalf of values and the Lord in tobacco consumpthe ancient admonition to "feed my Additional impetus might well be given tion. But the writer went on to

sheep,"applies with especial force. the priesthood work by increasing the particularize, mentioning taxes, employMay all fully sense and live up to this number of such visits. Some stakes ment provided by production, personglorious responsibility! have consistently averaged between al satisfaction to users. Yes, tobaccos

100 and 150 visits each quarter. are taxed, the raising of them does

Pursuant to assignment priesthood provide employment, and slaves to

Statistical Highlights for 1948 quorums have been given the responsitheir use do find some satisfaction in bility of working with those quorum their consumption. So also does licensed

A s the new year begins, records in members who may be disregarding the prostitution provide tax money, emthe offices of the general priestWord of Wisdom through the use of ployment, and pleasures. But what

hood committee show a total of 172 alcoholic beverages or tobacco. Slightsane debater would defend prostitution

quorums of high priests in the stakes ly over 1 1,000 visits to liquortobacco on any of these grounds? Human excomprised of 27,301 members. The users were made during the year with perience as well as observations and

17,692 seventies who are members of gratifying results in many cases. This findings of scientific men are in agreerecord in the stakes form 334 quorums. activity should continue to be inment in concluding that the use of toIn addition there are 1,021 quorums creased. bacco by normal human beings is not

of elders with a membership of 72,545, Regular visits to quorum members good. Further, the Lord has very defmaking a grand total of 117,538 memshould be frequent and purposeful. A initely said: "tobacco... is not

bers of record in the stakes who hold number of quorums in various stakes good for man."(D. & C. 89:8.) In the

the Melchizedek Priesthood. have not made enough visits during the minds of all who believe in the divinity

Approximately ten percent of the entire year to visit each quorum memof Joseph Smith's "call"there can be

Church membership, whose records ber once as required by the confidential no question but that "in the hearts of are "in transit,"are not accounted for annual report. Other quorums have conspiring men in the last days...

in the foregoing figures. Missions are visited all quorum members monthly. evils and designs"(Ibid. 4) do exist,

likewise omitted. To date eight elders'Where this has been done the particiand that efforts have been and are

quorums have been organized in the pation in class work and the number being made to entice more and more missions and several additional quorums active in Church work have been outpeople to smoke, particularly young are pending. This is a great forward standing, indicating the value of such men and women. For this purpose

step in the advancement of the Melvisits regularly and frequently conan expensive campaign of advertising chizedek Priesthood during the past ducted. is carried on, the cost of which is more

year. Priesthood quorums engaged in more than one hundred million dollars anAn average of 1,111 brethren have than three thousand welfare projects nually.

been serving on the stake Melchizedek during the year on a quorum basis in {Continued on page 112)

FEBRUARY 1949 103 WARD YOUTH LEADERSHIP OUTLINE OF STUDY MARCH 1949

Teach the Truth

is the genlesson'"Phis on the second trust respect father and have To my

Truth."the subject, eral "Teach I first worthiness. prove It Youth Speaks me, must my

naturally follows that in order to teach If I discuss my problems with him, and the truth, one must be in a position to My Father and I can demonstrate to him that I have the recognize truth, to differentiate between capacity for making wise decisions and truth and error, between the truth and can exercise good judgment, he will false doctrine. have more confidence in me. When I

A thorough presentation of the leshave agreed to abide by certain rules son for last month should have pro- I must keep my promise. I must accept

duced the feeling of caution on the part responsibility by going through the of the teacher appointed to teach the routine of the day without needing to truth, lest he lead youth astray. Growbe repeatedly checked on. If I make

ing out of this acute feeling of responmistakes in judgment I must be able to sibility may well come the sobering take the consequences without quesand thoughtprovoking question—tion. I should never expect my father

"Since I am under obligation to teach to make good my mistakes: I assume

the truth, What is truth?"For our anresponsibility for my own actions.

swer, let us turn "To the law and to Perhaps my father needs a little help the testimony": and encouragement from me. I need

In the revelation on priesthood given to spend more time with him if we through the Prophet Joseph Smith, (Excerpts from an address by Wally would understand each other.

September 2223, 1832, the Lord said: Koford, a deacon in the Glendale West I can strengthen my ties with father

Ward, San Fernando little appreciation, alone not acts of (Catitornia) by Stake.) that shall every word live by For you things he for the of thanks words by forth the of God. from mouthproceedeth

For the word of the Lord is truth.... HPo be able to appreciate a father's does for me.

(D. & C. 84:4445. Italics author's.) sacrifices and experiences, a son must Father has my interests at heart and

know more about his early life and his knowing his vast experience over my

Since "the word of the Lord is interests. I must forget about my own limited knowledge, I know he will be

truth,"one may logically inquire furneeds and spend more time with father able to help me solve my problems to ther—"What is 'the word of the in conversation and confidences. I must my best interests.

Lord'?"be interested in the things he does. My I want to understand my father and

Obviously, the recorded words of father is a person as well as a parent. to be understood by him.

Jesus, spoken directly to the people or to the individuals concerned, go unquestioned by the teacher of truth. But From these correlated definitions of Ward Teaching

we cannot stop here unless we choose truth, it should not be difficult for the to shackle our knowledge of truth to loyal teacher of youth in this Church the limited record of the Lord's direct to realize his solemn obligation to statements, and to ignore his further teach truth, the word of the Lord, /aining the respect of the people is revelations. whether it has come to us through the a problem that is constantly before

the of recorded Master, words Smith, the Prophet Joseph Through teacher. conscientious or the ward He

his holy.. the through ". of mouth early certain of the concerningand acquire the conasks, "How can I

since began"(Luke the world equally approphets but the elders of Church, teach?"fidence of those Those I am to

the inspired through 1: 70 ), or today, leaders plicable the Lord to our his teachings recipients the of are utterwho

has given further light on the question: ances of the "prophets, seers, and may be led to reason as follows

"What is the word of the Lord?"revelators"of this dispensation. "Does the ward teacher believe what

speaks Lowell once said: "Who teaches?"the he

shall speak they when And whatsoever truth heart."falsehood stabs in the ward teacher is at once exThe shall be Ghost Holy upon by themoved

scripture, shall be the will of the Lord, Teachers and leaders of youth, posed to scrutiny. How can he best

shall be the mind of the Lord, shall be the armed with truth, the word of the Lord, demonstrate the benefits of his teachword of the Lord, shall be the voice of the wielding that mighty instrument in faith ings as applied in his own life? The Lord, and the power of God unto salvaand with all their strength, have the answer is comparatively simple—

tion. (D. & C. 68:4. Italics author's.) one and only weapon with which to "Practise what he preaches."In other

"stab falsehood in the heart"and lead words, he must be truly sincere.

We learn from these revelations that our young people to their exaltation in Sincerity is a quality of character truth, in the spoken word, is made up the kingdom of God. that is highly regarded. Sincerity genof at least two components: ( 1 ) the erates noble energies in man and inword of the Lord spoken directly, by To the Class Leader: spires him to lofty ideals. Honesty,

him, to the people, or to the individNext month, we will give further honor, and integrity are all elements of uals concerned as recorded in the scripconsideration to the question: "What sincerity, and an analysis of these

tures; (2) the word of the Lord as is Truth?"We have purposely limited elevating virtues implies a refusal on

given to the people, or to individuals, the discussion of the subject this month the part of any man to deceive, dethrough the mouth of his ordained in order that adequate thought may be fraud, or give false impressions. Furleaders "when moved upon by the given the material here presented. thermore, he will maintain a strict

Holy Ghost."—L. A P. allegiance to his standards and position.

104 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA C.dlted ou oLee yv. J-aumetfttehojMto Pag

YOUTH CHORUS ORGANIZED IN DENVER STAKE

T17E are happy to introduce to the Church this large chorus of young people from the Denver Stake. We submit the challenge that since

a stake youth chorus functions successfully in the Denver Stake, there is possibly no stake in the Church which could not follow Denver's lead.

Before you think of your own problems too seriously in connection with such a project, consider the following schedule as submitted to the Presiding Bishop's office in a communication from Stake President Edward E.

Drury, Jr.:

I A schedule has been drawn up for the Denver Stake and chorus leaders, front row, left to right: Sterling Beesley, assistant chorister; A. P.

chorus to sing in all the wards by May 15. Preston,E. Drury,chorister;Jr., president,Eva West,Denverorganist;Stake; ElmoJohn C.H. Higginson,Vandenberg,secondfirst counselorcounselor inin stakestake presidency;presidency; EdwardJennie

Arrangements have been made to take them Carlson.

in buses to Laramie Ward, (130 miles);

Cheyenne Ward, (105 miles); Fort Collins

Ward, (72 miles); and Pueblo Ward, (115 L.D.S. Girl Leaders a spiritual value, showing obedience

miles). through good works. Performance of

an assigned responsibility may be the

The above schedule is in addition to loyalty, Dependability, contribution of service which will performances in five wards in and bring the hearts of leaders and girls around Denver, and in quarterly stake and Service to greater unity.

conferences.

President Drury commented further: Ctake and ward leaders in the program for Latterday Saint girls

This group is developing into an outhave an excellent opportunity to imstanding group of singers. They have surpress their associates, advisers, and Questions and Answers

folk. prised the of older many have They girls imwith the Saint Latterday girl Question: be- L.D.S. an When at of far the performed thus two and wards their in steadfast being of portance at years of twentyone comes age any their increased appearance has attendance

their responsibilities themselves, to is during the to time year record be her at meetings considerably. sacrament

families, and the Church. included in the group record for the

The chorus is sponsored by the stake Loyalty is a characteristic quality of year, looking to achievement of the presidency in cooperation with ward faithfulness. Leaders in this program Standard Group Award?

bishoprics and leaders of youth who, through constancy and devotion, Answer: Yes, her record should be

throughout the stake. are able to improve their own lives, included up to the time she becomes

Chorus officers chosen from among may likewise influence the lives of the twentyone or until the end of the the group are: Marilyn Pulsipher, young women with whom they asyear if the girl chooses to remain in the

president; Lenore Vanderberg, vice sociate. program.

Barrett, secretary; president; Mildred is the quality of beDependability is Question: a divided ward When

librarian. Gerald Simmerman, for leadership reliable. Selection ing the year, during of a L.D.S. group may

Here is more proof that "it can be is often determined upon the basis girls residing in the new ward achieve done"when leaders lead. of one's dependability and trustworthithe Standard Group Award?

ness. Young women may acquire these Answer: Yes, provided the record

He who learns that the influence of remarkable qualities through the inof each member of the group is comexample is superior to the power of fluence which dependable leaders leave piled from the first of the year and for eloquence will not find it difficult to with them. the twelve months of the year. (See

become established in the confidence Service, as related to duties required Handbook for Leaders of Latterday of those entrusted to his care. and performed, may be thought of as Saint Girls, page 29.)

FEBRUARY 1949 105.

26 3?5: 5 5SS|! 0.0 i/>a- o3--—a |fj,a 5 5*5251o 5 o - 3 o n>amS|S.oe 3- cor-o S3a?a- cda 5 a fn - 2.Q. - < oa 5-iS: a ga. -i -3 5 a-a a n < ml'a 3o ia o '8 a <a *ilit* r*3a-a? a >o a 5 a. aJglo 3 3o CD Oc Q <"*

'Q a </i 2. ii a a, a

*a CDa 3:"S'a'-"-..na 3 3 - J? ""- CD y o 3

- 3.5"v j* a?H3

<a 3 s J* Co <—a-. ma Q- mc a-Stto: n a - o o50ac -+, a.-icff2?:3 n>h o"i '=:,*"5-p-o a—SS* a m c a a *n2 1 - 8 ** -*--2"5: B"ro "> If o OS *j Coa -<!- co Pa noo a b-ia3—Oc * a 'on> S: "r--=-a OS

ro coaw5.ar-=; cd. < a g.'?5- a-a a;-< D a a -a 3 '3 COa coS-? t*3n> a. Cam-'a "3"a a 3?? OS's5o a S"?3 Ha r- a***> CD O St 3 O 5! a a E* Q"a5: 'c23 5r-3 g.3J* a.oB.S- 33 -< V aiao OS

OO- 2 on a >2.o < a H-oTa'S, iaa o.ri> %> N ro3 a-qo 3 ar-a 5.2 a tQ "*3 5d - = 59 e-*>3 5-?ffi aa "I? 5 os2aSpto<j -.3 a"if33a g

3 5ia nno Ob-j; 2 a-r-'--r-- 2"-re?*Q -. >.* *?3*8In 3

S -S 5-?. S'2 S 2

3 2.3 -<- c 3- <o t?td CDa c-S a = 3i3 S s >- S2?a a ia3Q-ro S"-5"co o-Oc3

? O o I * III g c a o<s-?2: Q 1'Is-l 13 WofJ i3}i Ill's- a a os r -? OS

< So 2 23 "2.- aa > - X2 aa,a—"T,3 r-2,??o

"o 3 **- * rj 2.2ro (D < 92o?o 2 O O os- >o m"-<? ro2 S"mHtt SS 2.5 S <a a *! J- H<1 a a, 5"tnO 3 a

.3-. 4CO* o3.

a <t> s."Ella5 5-3 As'a!; 3:7 a ch

D -> """"'2-"> a 3* 31 rriS;2 a <a 9 -<3 8- g

to c c 3 Co"5S- a<s 2= 0c5?;o. C a-STb.-. a. y s-O?5">g fl>Q == a 3.-S3 re2 2!o ">ro *.aa. a a r '

n -ogpgi00—"* 3 eo* a- 5* l-nrnto

'"-O3 1 solog-?ooa 3 S < a < 2 W o23 Jifr a a a 3a 2 '<o- "2n>a 5 -3 3"a< -,2 2

a, r-a< a CD 2 09 r-a;a: ** - co r—3 j a a

'5'3 MM2.0-3.2. C0 7TCO: 9 Ss. O UzMiS

-.2.o * oa.o"?ga3 m 2.2 -5-2.a 5-OS.5 8 a,S 2- 5-1 3 |aoo"5c a. a.-o aa.2ma c 3.3 3 "a c s o- - * co 3- 3. a r a-c cp rr 3 5. a a S-a P CO fa S oo?g:? S 8 a? 5-g2 3"Cr 2.- * - s S 2 in.—Q 9.-. * s a =-Jf2.S."? 5.*"3.c::-3 r *o a *0*sfl, Z**-5a a.

1 3 a a o3 1

b-cog 8 as5smN o *5 a fa—1 Jg? a-<Q CD -, - CD 2So"laa -4- Sra3 - co ->-a. 2 b i3 -.CO'* HI a"3Cr 02; 2 2 2 t=a CDa '* 8 b-*< a- 2ca.cr- a- 2; "r Pi* a?CD2 "a Srs S.o *? 2, 9 a3 o*-< a.g- 3'ro2a = 3 a 2aro a- o 2r2- a- 3 -, ro CDCD a - h—* CD-3.0- CD2.5 **"2>. 3 Za 3-3<oT 3 *3 cA 2 -<l—-.3 a. *** a o o?"9.5* 1 ma a-3a S-Ki CO '- * v* 0*8*O 3 3*o 3nn2 CDr* CD CD - b-- a a Of (DO O a 2a Jffi 2 s-'a a-o CD 1 CO 3si-Q wis 3—I a- 3 25**ro a:,o: <0 oco"*? 5; off*? 2a| a coco3a 3- "a. * - g! 3 5? o 00 SB*-8 a o2.CD—5"O o c 10r-t> IQ 2\ o 3SgP3 a *-. ra a <-. || fath| b.3 CDa 10 a- "-? col <o * > C0

a-a g* s*s n5s. o I < eoa"?% CD 5. 2- a. **B p-ai Qaa5s 2=oaQ.2.2. ie 2S- S O2 -,5-s; 3u ii a i? O.O3 - aaIf -a: 1? 3

r-a? 5* aa saeo- oa 2?1aawo. s.i 1MOa

a. <oa aa S-a-g 2 35 m8?.* CD58.2 Oa-O*5 3?a c

106 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

THE FORT ON THE FIRING LINE

(Continued from page 87) clashed, and where the stream of above them, of angry natives who cided to establish. They considered white fugitives flowed northward intended to make a raid on the little

with care but with disappointment and southward in a fitful, dangerous cabins. For the Davis and Harrithe wide stretches of unusual tercurrent. man people and their little folk, with

ritory. It presented a hard prospect, Having decided on the most tolerthe wee little girl born in August,

rough and wild, as if not intended able place in the whole intolerable there was no retreat; no road over

for civilized man. There were of region, and having officially named which they could hurry away, even

course no roads, but also no good it Montezuma, they appointed the if they had fat horses and a conplace nor suitable material with Harriman and Davis families to beveyance in which to travel. They

which to make roads, and few come at once the permanent nucleus were to stay right there and hold streams which did not go dry in the for the proposed colony. Harvey the fort, for Utah's safety from Inearly summer. It was the howling Dunton was assigned to stay with dian depredations had been transcenter of remoteness, devoid of all them for the present, and the rest of ferred to and hung upon this new

law for ages past, and claimed by the outfit was to get back to Cedar lightning rod by the old San Juan.

men who wanted it to be without City where the main company for The two log cabins were no law for all time to come. the colony was awaiting the word longer forts in a figurative sense

to start. only, for the windows were quickly

TThe Piutes gaped in wonder at the Holding the fort in that border barred, and portholes made in the newcomers, the wagons, the catwilderness was a fearsome prospect, walls through which to fire when tle, the women and children, but and the women and children looked the enemy appeared. And then they

they ate the food offered them and longingly after Captain Smith and waited in awful suspense with smacked their lips in loud relish. his men as they moved slowly from hearts throbbing, and prayers to theThese chesty Piutes were the men view over the sandhills up MontezuPrince of Peace for the preservawho had never in all their history ma Wash. They braced themselves tion of the peace they had come tobeen made to bend for anything nor with the thought and the hope that establish.

thoughtfor anybody. The of setit stealthily came, the five four or enemy but be would When

tling here in their midst, of bringing footfalls till their soft the night, and the the in of weeks at most people timid women and helpless children colony would arrive and build all were detected by alert ears, true to where they would have to be much around them. Alas, these fond hopes the lofty standards of peacemakers,

of the time at the mercy of these savages—the thought of it was wereferred;to inbe factlong theyand werebitterlynever,deopenedthe Harrimantheir doors,and Davisinvitingpeoplethe

alarming. never to be realized, and their eyes braves, warpaint, weapons, and all,

These were the men who knew were to grow weary watching the into the light of their open fireplace.

their native rocks as rats know the hills for the welcome appearance of Astonished at this show of splendid holes of an old quarry, and into a wagons or horsemen. They were to lie courage, the Indians found themthousand of these holes they could sleeplessly on their pillows listening selves disarmed while their bows

dart from sight where it would be in an anguish of suspense through and arrows were still in their own suicidal to follow them. They had many dreadful nights to the weird hands. The great Prince who had

tormented the Navajos with their chant of Piutes around them, wondeclared, "Blessed are the peacecruel tricks, sneaking beyond the dering in fear if it meant that some makers,"moved the hearts of the river to steal horses, sheep, children, ugly plot was forming against them. savages with love for these defenseand women, whom they held for And winter was to come creeping less Mormons, and they breathed

ransom or sold as slaves. The river upon them while they waited, findforth a warmth of love very differhad long since been the place of ing them short of the food and short ent from the intention with which

perilous contact from which the of the clothing which they had exthey had come.more peaceloving of each tribe pected the people of the colony to the that of the keepers No matter to tolearned keep away, or apbring. of food, short peacefort they were of overturesproach it peace. with

their from hungry unthinkable tragedy wouldWhat little their of bag of A friendly Indian came one day doors.let no oneFromgoawait the in the midst Mormons

these border Indians! to warn them of warlike preparawheat they ground enough in a

It simply didn't do to dwell too tions among his people on the river handmill for their bread each day, and their hearts melted within themseriously on the darker phases of when they discerned that the littlethe picture; they had come to find MESSAGE sack, like the widow's bin of meal,the most suitable place for the difficult work to begin, and after much By Ruth Harwood did not diminish though they took

day. it every fromdeliberation they decided in favor

considering the Dunton, Harveyof the little bottom where they had ONLYBeforea fewmymorelipsgoldenmust wordsceaseto theirsing found old Peter and his wickiup. caroling. threat of famine which hung over

oh, But, those I yearn to sing so words to volunteered them, with go away the mouth had of MontezumaThe well his gun, he could and live by what being fifteen of milesadvantage They'll hold their heart within my very east of the turbulent point of the spell kill or bring back something for it vibrant for the kindred touch them to eat.

life this loving dreamersmain crossing of the river, where AndOf gladkeep young men of the two tribes most often much! ( To be continued

FEBRUARY 1949 107..

FOR GREATER KNOWLEDGE... FOR MORE SATISFACTION

INCREASE YOUR CHURCH LIBRARY HERE ARE ROOKS TO FILL EVERY NEED.. L. D. S.

SCRIPTURES OUR BOOK ByTheGilbertfirst indexedCharles OrmereferOF MORMON ence book in the Church.

A compilation of 2,000 By Sidney B. Sperry references covering 219

So that the student could various subbecome better acquainted jects. $4-50

with the Book of Mormon... this revealing book

written. been has $2.50 CUMORAH'S

GOLD BIBLE By E. Cecil McGavin

Especially written for missionaries, this book affords a wealth of information to explain and

GOSPEL defend t he Book of MorINTERPRETATIONS mon. $2-25

By Dr. John A. Widtsoe

Written as a companion volLATTER-DAY perennially popume to the ular "Evidences and ReconciliaPROPHETS SPEAK tions."$2.25 By Daniel H. Ludlow

A compilation of statements of gospel doctrine from all of the eight Presidents of the Church who have served in this THE FOUR ESTATES dispensa- -, M.

OF MAN tion $I|*00 By Gilbert Charles Orme A fascinating and scholarly treatise concerning our preBOOK OF MORMON existence, mortal life and the hereafter. Well docuGEOGRAPHY mented, reprethis book

sents years of research in By E. Cecil McGavin

assembling the wealth of and Willard Bean material from the standard A thesis showing works and oththat the Jaredites er church literand the Nephites \ GEOGRAPHY ature. $1.75 pushed up into

and America HM3 North batof the their fought USE THIS HANDY ORDER FORM #1 1 ties just south of

Lakes. the Great To Send S00K0F JIORMON Address City & State: $.75

D C.O.D. Check enclosed HIS MANY

MANSIONS By S. Howells Rulon NOTICE MISSIONARIES SPECIAL TIME TO FULL

combook privileges - This Write for discount listing of books and special pares 13 Christian Churches, enabling one to know, not guess, what other churches BOOKCRAFT1186 SOUTH MAIN SALT LAKE CITY 4, UTAH teach. $2-25

108 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

BAPTISM FOR THE DEAD IN ANCIENT TIMES

(Continued from page 91 mean "for the dead"but for the ing their own dead bodies to rise cerned he does not approve of the baptism body which, since it dies, must be again, 142 i.e., who were baptized for

living person for another, of one or dead, considered as dead. 134 Others themselves!

but he obviously approves the seconds and intention of those who are baptizing, who (Theodoret, Zonaras, Balsamer, The Marcionite practice is a halfby the works of the living were able to etc.) argued that it means "to be way point between baptism for the

help the out dead as such bapmeans by for baptized the of dead works rite later of baptism dead and the of 135... tism. it is that recognizes But he not It sin."that, accordmean may the baptize not dead. do we "Why the of (for there baptism is only work one

St. else ing to Bruno, or "the dead"the Fulgentius, asks and dead?"various but baptism) other (and by works

there are many) that the living are able to may refer to "those who are to perrightly points out that baptism is a help the dead.181 ish because of sin."He even sugrite requiring both body and spirit;

is that gests Paul the shaming Cofit if is spirit a not a disembodied living to that St. Paul say the wants rinthians that showing even them by is neither candidate, inanimate an the can help not being dead bapby are to people as so wicked who flesh. piece of though one 143 "Even for tized certain but other them by

in faith for baptize the have dead his will displayed should have and of of works, instead course so menresurrection, the shouldn't so why life,"in explains, intention he "and tioning of those other any many fail they? to mention, does not He faith devotion, once yet and shown specifies baptism. he only works

all as that do, our sources other it that dead, he even though means the of avocation the Wordjuggling, baptism for the dead was actually is to be without the sacrament of Middle Ages, could hardly go in practised certhe church early by baptized; baptism, he not be may further. that the stubborn Paul Note tain baptize "would members who will, faith, the devotion because and if is can only be handled charged he

in of themselves place the dead a justify a belong which such baptism with temporizing! "Living or dead"14* parent the goshad never had who spirit to the has departed."which

is sophistry, since of the pure course pel, the salvation securing thereby reasonable; could Nothing be more living for should the be not baptized

in a or of a father the resurmother baptism only be on performed may living, 8 that token very must by and

St. rection.""sugDamascene John is living a person. of course This an for the baptized dead, canbe who gests either that "the dead"means for baptism unanswerable argument living 7 (as not the baptized can) be

sin,"the the of or while works body if the not proxy: dead be by may for that themselves. seen have We its for signifying "the Lanfranc was is to salvabaptized yet enjoy and the far baptism"argument, "one

works of death,"but goes on to tion, there is no other way out. Bapfrom condemning it, is in fact one

point out that there are people who tism of the dead misses the whole of the strongest arguments in favor believe that the passage is to be unpoint: it is the exact opposite of of vicarious baptizing for the dead.

derstood literally, "but it is not to be baptism for the dead, the one renElsewhere the Venerable Peter believed on the authority of the dering the other perfectly useless. says: 'They were being baptized

stupid that the Apostle intended to Yet in their need to find some offifor the dead'refers to the good approve a thing which has been a cial condemnation of baptism for theworks which the living were doing subject of so much uncertainty dead, churchmen have had to resort for the dead,"except, that is, bap- 1*9 among the highest authorities."to citing those instances which deal tism, "for it is not by baptism but By the seventeenth century a with condemnation of its opposite,by other good works of the living; 145 German savant was able to produce namely baptism of the dead. This it is to these and not to baptism that

( the Latterdaythe Apostle refers."182 Which is from the writings of the churchmen deliberate confusion

different seventeen fewer than no inSaints of baptizbeen have accused forprecisely says baptism, he why 15: terpretations of I Corinthians ) is natural ing the dead and enough logic the Apostleby strange when 29.M8 seems to have been an early one, forsays black he really means white,

and that is why he says black. To return to early practices, an Philastrius includes "baptizing the

interesting aberration of the rite is dead"among a number of false and 'T'o such extremes of wresting the found among the Marcionites. exaggerated charges against the

scripture were the medieval When a catechumen died, they Cataphrygians146 in the fourth cenchurchmen driven in their deterwould lay a living person under his tury.

mination to discredit an ordinance bed; then they would ask the corpse

which the church had lost. Thus if he wished to receive baptism, to "\\7ho in the church performed the

Oecumenius decides that "for the which the living person under the actual ordinance of baptizing dead"really means "for those whom bed would reply in the affirmative; for the dead? It was "those apostles

you falsely suppose to be dead"; then the living person would141 be bapand teachers"of the first generafalsely, because "dead"necessarily tized for the dead one. Theophytion according to the Shepherd of

means perpetually dead, and if they lactus, commenting on this in the Hermas, who "went down living are going to rise again, they cannot eleventh century, says that when the into the water"in behalf of those be that, so that Paul when he says Marcionites were upbraided for this who had died, 147 and in speaking of cite practice, they I Corinwould the"the does dead dead"not mean of the affair as a thing the whole in their thians defense; 15:29 all.at "baphe said 133 Just as when implies the that but past that source

tize,"he of course meant anything they were wrong, he insists, since work was confined to those men and but baptize. Chrysostome and Phowhat Paul really meant to say ( here their generation. This is clearly

tius following Tertullian, tried to we go again! ) was, what should borne out in our other accounts.

show that "for the dead"does not they do who were baptized expect- [Continued on page 110)

FEBRUARY 1949 109 BAPTISM FOR THE DEAD IN ANCIENT TIMES

xli, I, Iren., 27, Haeres. (Continued from 108) page

in ulSt.700-1);Augustine, Epist. 89, xxxiii, 311; PL3 Nvn

it begin with, not all To was minister est ipse Christus qui sed baptizat. So likewise Opportunity Christians who baptized for the 112Schmidt,in PL xliii,Gesprache77; 368-9;Jesu,371-2;pp. 1419;135-7 1428; 1437

dead, for Paul reminds the Corinxxxiii,113Cyrill440):Alex.,"ForCat.sinceiii ade manBaptismo.is twofold,c. 8 (conPG

sisting spirit, of so body also and the purimust be thians that "they,"namely someone... the water cleans the spirit body, Knocks Again seals the soul."c. id. in Cf. 4 (429. 432 not else and the Corinthians and thePG) (who fication

xiii Christ. et Car (id. de Crucif. Seputl. 797800)

were "but babes") did the work. and PG xxxiii, 41. 44, 193

JI<TertulI. iv, vii I, Baptismo 1312; De 1315) (PL "they"? were who xi, Valuable Fulgentius, Epist. A very large llsThus Ixv, opportunities for But 379; 4 (PL 388):

.. once one has died without the of sacrament class of believers is eliminated intellectual by baptism,>(". he not baptized, be the spirit, because may professional and

advancement are opened to confining the doctrine to the teachto(whichwhichjustifybelongedbaptism)that willhas departed."and faithful Cf.devotionCrisings of Christ's second ministry, conius.ntl I CorinthiansBrev. Canon.15:29;No. 147see below(PL Ixxxviii, 925) Latterday Saint youth with which were only received by a lim117Catholic commentators regard the status of living

and dead life, each new quarter at Brigham ited number of people. It will be Hermaeas PastorreferringSimilitudes,only to spiritualBibl. Sanct.or eternalPatr.

(Set. n. 2. 1) 291, iv, p. This completely ignores Young University. recalled that in his discussion with the fact that the receive a dead real baptism

explanation being offered as to how the New classes will be availthe Apostles, the Lord promised mortuiwater, baptizandino in erant.

notes 143-6 U8See below, the at them keys time; future some for able beginning students 119Orig In c. xiii, Luc. 24 Homil. 1864-5); (PG since the this river fire, on of cit., op. conversation Schmidt, p. 530 took place old, will find and courses who Alb. Mag., 2, vi, Sacram. euchar. 1, cited De by shortly crucifixion, the before Iviii, in Elmenhorst and 1042, list gives PL a who of to adapted in aid them reachmedieval writers the holding opinion, id. same 1043 since himself Jesus postponed any Tertull. c. ii, Resurrectione De 48 (PL 864) their ing educational goals. vi, ii, 122Against Marcion 10 (PL 495) discussion of the mysteries of the 133St. Epist. Ambrose, 72. xvf, No. 1302; PL De

Id. Sac, 443; the on subject same St. "till Peter Chrysolthe kingdom of Son be for Those first entering the Man ogus. Iii, 171 Sermon No. (PL 647). 148

risen Bp. Bristol, of. John, the., Ecclesiastical from dead,"History becan we time should send entrance apillustrated the from of Writings Tertullian (London, lieve that nothing 1825). in 143 p. much was done plications to the Admissions Epiphanius, I. Adv. Haeres. 28, Sect. 6 (PG the first matter during his mission. xli, 384) Committee at least one month 12Slren., Ill, Contra Haeres. 4, 2 In a passage of impeccable authority 137Epiphan toe. cit. to prior the in quarter which 12SAmbrose, in I Epist. Comment, xvii, Cor. ad (PL Eusebius quotes as Clement saying: I63f) they plan to register. 128Ignatius in the to 1 Epist. the viii, the Magnesians "To Just, to James and and John

ix, and 2, like assumes St. that Paul, his readers to all Peter about know the the after resurrection work of baptism for the the as dead,

Schmidt demonstrates, cit. op. P. 476 Lord transmitted the gnosis; these in 130Oecumenius, I Epist. Comment, xv. Cor. 29 ad SPRING QUARTER cxviii, 877) (PG it passed to the other on Apostles, 131Peter the Venerable, Haereticos. Adversus PL

clxxxix, f 831 to 21 March 3 June in and they turn to the Seventy, of 132Id. 832 149

cit. cxviii, lssOp. 876f (567) PG Barnabas one."whom was Note 134 F. Cabrol LecJerq, and H. Dictionnaire D'Arthe careful chaeolooie limitation Chretienne this et Liturgie of de (Paris, 1907ff) teachSUMMER QUARTER

380 ILL ing: it Peter did not cit. to announce lssLoc.

Bruno, Expos, in Ep. I ad Cor. xv, 29 (PL June 13 to August 26 the whole church, nor the Apostles cliii.U8St.209)

to all the world, nor is there mention 693137Joh.(117) Damascene. In Ep. ad Cor. I (PG xcv,

138Lanfranc, Comment, in Ep. I Cor. (PL cl. 210) "the gnosis"being handed down 13BIt was Heinr. in Muller, 1656; see Cabrol &

II, cit. Leclerq, op. 380 any further to than the Seventy,

II, li0Id. citing 381, Mgr. Brigham of Lamy and Mangenot's though that would certainly be Diet, de Theol. Cath. II, 364

142Theophy!act., in Epos, Ep. I xv, ad Cor. 39 ( PG if sage so. it were 150 "The gnosis"exxtv, 768) Young Eusebius* main interest in the pasIxi,141John347) Chrysostome, Homil. 40, in I Cor. (PG

14SFulgent, Epist. Ixv, xii, 9 (20) 388) (PL is that fulness of knowledge, which cit., cf. 379 Loc.

est force same those holiest specifically gifts, directed and of aqainst rare, God's baptism a University Paul always speaks of as the highagainst1455CabroIbaptism& Leclerqfor theproducedead, butno lawscite asor regulationshaving the of the e.g. dead, 3rd Council of cxl, Carthage (PL choice, thing, hidden and reserved in 734), Canon law xcvi. 1049, PL 9; Cf. TheoPROVO, UTAH 151 doret, I, Haeres. Fabul. xi lxxxiii, 36), which (PG for few. but a Just few how were cite. also they

14B Philastrius, Lob. c. xii, Haeres. de 49 (PL 1166); eligible receive to is the risen Lord the Cataphrygians were a branch of the Montanists,

noted, if nothing else, for their sobriety. painfully clear all Yet in the acgospel

Philastrius mentions rumors of savage and bloody sacramental rites. his counts of mission. second

14TSupra, n. 106

( To be continued ) 14SIt is precisely in ordering the Apostles "to tell that thing"tells that no the man Lord them is how he to to presently be put death, 8:3031; In the following Mark 9. Luke references stands "PG"

16:2021. Matt. injunction to The Patrologia is secrecy and Latin. the "PL"for forRomanthe 2122;

the in the of "gates same hell"discussion as on designate volumes numerals Arabic and it Mount, "they when kept close MEMBERS and FRIENDS IN numeralsGreekcolumns. and told no manthe

.".. in that Luke 10:36, day since they were comto "tell vision the to manded no until man, III, the ix, Simil. Pastor Son 16; are EASTERN follow106Hermae STATES we

of risen be again the man from dead,"ing texts Matt. in various the 17:9; given Dressel, Max Patrum your Easter Buy books mail by from the in 9:9. same Mark Apostoticorum (Leipzig, Opera 548-9, 1863), 631, pp.

ii, ""Eusebius, Hist. 1, 4-5 Eccl. an ix. AUTHORIZED 7Stromat. your 6 near DEALER 268) (PG

los/d. as describes the ii, Eusebius purpose his viii, of history 9 980 cites the (PGvi, [163]); Clement home. own

. "to. record the. successions the of holy apostles entire passage from Pastor also 16; he Hermae CHURCH BOOKS AND BOOKS BY to.. the tell present, down to and what Is. individuals quotes Deut. 32, 1-2; 21; 65, 10, 2021; Rom.iii,

in the most prominent positions.eminently 2, 14 governed AUTHORS CHURCH

.".. and presided over the church. I, cit. I. 1. cit., loaSchmidt, Op. op. cf. p. 317F: 315; not "Christ yourself trouble. time Save and Prompt offices "most The in prominent"the his church of only in appears a preacher as the world, lower but delivery titles. stock from most on day as regards he four the own great bishoprics also as of administering one baptism; here, too, and his

list for postal free Drop card and Jerusalem, Antioch, Rome, Alexandria, activity and runs to parallel are which his earthly mission."Cf. form. order Standard prices the lines of succession main the from 1 Apostles, 3. 4, 2226; yet Jn.

is to he unable furnish in instance an which Gnostics "the tolerate ""The not the that would idea is to gnosis"given these. of one is Tertullian lived under very the any who Eastern Old saved, could be States Law Agency Book

clear specific this and in matter: are instead reversing "you but insisted they that Christ to Eleven went the Ninth Avenue

altering and the manifest of the in lower liberated world Lord and the only of enemies the Heights, Haddon Jersey New endowing Peter personally for 'I he ancient shall says prophets patriarchs! and...intention Theodoret., Thus

Haer. Fab. I, 24; Epiphanius, Haeres xiii, 4 (PG (Continued on page 112)noTHE IMPROVEMENT ERA

FOR YOUR GREATER HEARING

CONVENIENCE

We Have Just Completed THE FINEST HEARING AID CENTER IN THE

WESTERN STATES Convenient ground floor location at 252 South Main Street, Salt Lake City 1, Utah

Offering you Western Electric hearing aids The only hearing aids designed by Bell Telephone Laboratories, and FOUR OTHER nationally known instruments for your consideration at a price you can afford to pay.

Not just one, but FIVE, all accepted by The American Medical Association!

BATTERIES—CORDS—REPAIRS FOR ALL HEARING AIDS

NO MATTER WHAT THE MAKE

Send me lull information about your complete demonstration and your idea of keeping me supplied -with fresh batteries:

Name CLARENCE B. PLACE, Audiometrist

Street and No. General Manager Since 1939

City State. 252 South Main StreetSalt Lake City 1, Utah Telephone 4-5659

FEBRUARY 1949 111 ) a

NOLIQUOR-TOBACCO COLUMN (Continued from page 103) For further information relative to

We repeat in effect what we have the ill effects of tobacco consumption said in this column in past issues of the reader is referred to these books

The Improvement Era. Concerning among others: How to Live, Drs.

the use of tobacco, it affects injuriously Fisher and Emerson; Health and Effithe heart and the circulatory system, ciency, Drs. O'Shea and Kellogg; Tothe lungs and the respiratory system, bacco and Mental Efficiency, Dr.

the brain and mental powers, the kid- O'Shea; Tobaccoism, J. H. Kellogg,

neys and elimination organs, the mus- M.D.; Science Speaks, George Thomcular system, thus weakening the body asan, M.D.; Straight Thinking, John

with the result that it is less resistant C. Almack, Ph.D.; Plain Facts /or

to diseases of various kinds. Dr. Irving Young Women, Belle Wood CornFisher of Yale University, a coauthor stock, M.D.; Nicotine on the Air,

of How to Live, a book that has passed Better Book Press, Columbus, Ohio;

through several editions and for many also Deseret Book Co., Salt Lake City.

years has been regarded as authorian *>DV'.KIItfNftV

tative treatise personal hygiene, on Your f/ectric SeptatA Drinking and Driving wrote for a foreword LeighFrank Dr ton Wood's book entitled What You The following is a newspaper clipShould Know About Tobacco. In this ping;

foreword Dr. Fisher asserts that the

Social drinker Philadelphia—-The who exists sufficient to now Go Electric evidence of show takes snorts""couple a to he's prove a that one no smokes achieve who can

is fellow good safety, menacing highway is the best of he capable, which whethPolice Chief A. of Sweeney Jenkintown

4// WforyJ/ iner inanyfoottyperacingof mentalor anyorotherphysicalgame acor saidSweeneyrecently.spoke at the 35th annual contivity such as study, speaking, playing ference of the Pennsylvania Chiefs of

musical instruments, or attainment of Police Association.

Electricity does it bethealth, strength, endurance, and workHe branded as one of the major fallacies ing power. Further, every schoolboy regarding drunken driving the statement

ter, faster and at low knows that athletic coaches in schools that those involved are so intoxicated that and colleges the country over do not they can't stand up. "Our problem,"he

cost. permit smokers to play on their teams. went on, "is the social drinker; he's the

In his book on tobacco, Dr. Wood biggesttakes justmenaceenough,on theprovinghighwayhe today.is a goodHe

produces evidence showing that on an fellow, to deprive him of good judgment.

Buy average smokers die considerably He takes chances he would never take if younger than nonsmokers and that he were cold sober. His timing is off and

Electric Appliances smokers are more often afflicted than he smashes into other cars that he would nonsmokers with painful and disabling miss otherwise."

From Your Dealer diseasesaddition oftheylongaredurationmore andsubjectthat toin Every traffic officer could testify that various minor ills such as coughs, sore the above statements are substantially throats, heartburn, and shortness of true. These officers have long recogbreath. nized that the most dangerous highway

has a only "drink or two."had He Utah Power & driver is the fellow who insists that he

feels his little inhibition up pepped by Baptism for the Dead in Ancient Times er in consequence. He therefore takes Light Co. and thinks he is a better and safer driv-

( Continued from page 110) chances that otherwise he would avoid, give to thee the keys,'not to the Church, and: but with disastrous results.

shalt thou shalt or loosen 'Whatsoever bind,'thou Alcohol and gasoline do shall not or whatsoever loosen shall they bind."they not mix—

to that then goes Peter's on authority show He was is little not truism recognized. long There

it if still but the exists "handed in down,"church must come by direct revelation and not through the trouble with the fellow who knows he office episcopal mere (sed Spiritus Ecdesia italem ecclesia non homincm, numeras episeoporum.) per spiris drunk—it is with the drinking driver

c.2l. Pudicitia. 107880.) PL ii, PROFITABLE DAYS (De

11:33, noting. lslThus Romans Rom. 2:17ff, that the who is positive that liquor had no part

accident. the preserves a law but experienced of in shadow (morphosis) Though AHEAD FOR Jewish

the gnosis; in everyone "Not traffic officers otherwise, the difknow.. is, gnosis 12:8."I Cor.which8:7: "given throughis thethe

spirit"to particular individuals; 13:2 in I Cor. it is ficulty arises in convincing jurors and

as described the most attainof rare and wonderful QUISH ments, in id. 8 is predicted that "it shall vanish courts of the truth relative to the matinspired It is an 14:6. thing. I Cor. known GRADUATES away."to the world only very indirectly effect by its on ter. So difficult is the problem that in

lives the of saints, the the "making known God Capitalize is on the cases charged only QUISH of the odor gnosis of in many (osmen) through us training Him You'll now! be a negligent with lesser ofis every It place."sets the that gnosis apart Paul competent beautician when offenderdriving—a

II other teachers, from 11, love 6. of Cor. Christ The graduated. proQUISH fense driving. than drunken is the it all greatest things, of since excels the even vides with technical you

tells gnosis, he the Ephesians, 3:19; to the and skill knowledge and gained the question alcohol of and ENROLL Now all Philippians that says he (3:8) earthly are things 24 -SEND FOR NOW nothing as with value compared the is the gnosis of of accidents highways on one of growinFREE TODAY! years.CATALOG

is Christ. gnosis Jesus again (Coloss. The described ing importance, to increasing due treasure 2:2-3) as a a in mystery, and Christ, hidden

a thing which carefully must and be guarded and not speeds and heavier motor cars and a is exposed to "that which falsely called the gnosis."

I Tim. 6:20. greater number of accidents. It ap-

( To be continued pears that a number of these accidents 112 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA in alcohol a part plays which is unLATTER-DAY SAINT PIONEERS AND THE OLD SPANISH TRAIL in part to faulty methodsknown, due of detection. However, the National {Continued from page 89) Los Angeles by the bleached bones

Safety Council estimates the number to Geologists have a saying that of, horses and mules that had died be somewhere between twentyfive to "iron is the mother of metals."It is from starvation, thirst, and abuse.

forty percent of the total—in any case axiomatic that where iron deposits Many of its place names still surit is far too large.

will also exist, there be veins Rafael, Moab, San of the vive—Dolores, that the widespread can deny one No metals. Spaniards precious Those Vegas, Santa Clara, Las Mojave,

alcoholic ofuse has greatly beverages were familiar with that geologic Cajon Pass, and San Bernardino.influenced our traffic problem and that

persons in varying degrees of intoxicatheory, and, discovering beds of iron It is generally supposed that Santa tion have become a major cause of deposits, spent much time in searchClara was so named by Jacob Hamtraffic accidents, regardless of whether ing mountains and hills around them blin and the Indian missionaries who they are drivers, passengers, or for the gold and silver they believed settled there in 1854, but it was pedestrians. Ordinarily it is difficult, would be found there. called Santa Clara fifty years before

before he causes an accident, to deterLong years before our pioneers a Mormon ever saw the stream.

mine from external appearance whethentered Iron County, this part of er a drinker has had his faculties so Utah was well known to the old IIAore than half a century of time impaired that he is a safety menace.

But during recent years science has scouts and travelers of the West. passed, and caravans of gold

found that most drivers are hazardous Many of the famous men whose seekers traveled every year over the if they have more than five hundredths names glorify scouting in America old trail. They took what they could

of one percent of alcohol in their blood passed through the Cedar and Parofind of value whether of gold or pel- (0.05%). Further, simple methods of wan valleys and knew their landtries or human flesh, and went their

determining whether this is the case marks. On that roll of honor would way. It was the kind of pioneering

have been evolved. These methods are appear Escalante, Dominguez, Jedwhich Dellenbaugh described as

legal in Arizona and some other places. ediah Strong Smith, Kit Carson, "skimming the cream off the country

Any state legalizing and using these Ewing Young, William Wolfskill, with a six shooter and a whiskey botmethods have would a much better Major Brewerton, Hernandez, tle."For seventy years that trailcontrol of drivers. drinking These

it was still onlymethods are recommended by the NaGodey, and many others. That an had been open, and

tional Safety Council. Legislatures extensive flow of travel had gone a trail. In a thousand miles of its

should legalize them. See the booklet over the trail is attested in the report stretch not one settlement had been

Alcohol and Accidents by Samuel R. of one who riding it, said it was established, not a plow had been put

Gerber, M.D. plainly marked from Santa Fe to (Continued on page 114)

these amazing mormons!

'by Joseph H. Weston

:|BCifXaC This astounding book is piling up new sales records every day! Send a copy

to each of your friends as a means of describing the Latterday $*|oO

Saint culture to them. Paper |

bound.

USE THIS HANDY ORDER FORM SPECIAL NOTICE TO FULL TIME MISSIONARIES

Send: - Write for listing of books and special discount privileges

copies of THESE AMAZING MORMONS

Address: State: City and BOOKCRAFT1186 SOUTH MAIN SALT LAKE CITY 4, UTAH ( ) CO.D. ( ') CHECK ENCLOSED

FEBRUARY 1949 113 LATTERDAY SAINT PIONEERS AND THE OlD SPANISH TRAIL (Continued from page 113) of the Mormon Battalion their capnorthern California. Theirs is a

into the soil, not a furrow opened, tain. thrilling but tragic story of the old

not one cabin had been built, nor a The Mormon boys purchased one West, too long to incorporate in this fruit tree planted, nor a seed placed hundred and thirtyfive good horses article.

in the earth to grow. and mules with pack outfits for each As population in the Great Basin

Then there came to that same to carry their stock of goods to Utah. increased, President Young could

desert a people, seekers of God, who They wanted to see also if a wagon foresee a time when the single road wrought real history into the story could be taken over the old trail, so across the plains would not support of the old trail. Moreover, the story they purchased one wagon for that the civilization that hung in increasthey wrote was a story of progress purpose. If it could not be rolled ing weight upon its western end. He

and upbuilding. Their concept of the through on its own wheels, they was anxious to find and open anmission of man was directly opposite would take it apart and load it piece other outlet. For this reason he sent

from that of the people they were by piece on the backs of the packers. Parley P. Pratt with a company of

succeeding. Man's work was to subThe caravan left the Williams fifty men to explore the southern

due and beautify the earth and Ranch, a neighbor to the Rancho country and to locate places for setmake its stubborn soil yield fruits San Bernardino, on March 21, 1848, tlements along the new emigrant and grain to sustain a civilized and arrived at Great Salt Lake City road. He wanted to tap the old

population. The Mormons had come on June 5, having been nearly transcontinental Spanish Trail. As

into this sterile desert land to build three months on the journey. Little a result of their findings, he sent a

up a kingdom of God upon the difficulty was experienced in bringcolony under George A. Smith to

earth. ing their wagon through, a feat that found Iron County in the winter of

It was in the fall of 1 847 that our was to have farreaching effects. 185051. This was to be a base

people gained their first knowledge The Mormons had pioneered anagainst which was to be anchored the colonization that would go outof the physical characteristics of the other great highway—really their

Spanish Trail and the country first, for they had come across the north, east, south, and west from through which it ran. Brigham plains to Fort Bridger only one hunthis center. Parowan and Cedar

Young, newly arrived in the Salt dred miles out from Salt Lake ValCity were bridgeheads on the old

Lake Valley, sent Porter Rockwell ley over the Oregon Trail, a road trail.

and James Shaw to California with that had been traveled by wagons In 1851 the Church purchased instructions to the Mormon Batfor at least seventeen years. from Lugo Brothers the large Mexitalion men what to bring home when But the Mormons had brought the can land grant known as Rancho

they were mustered out of service in first wagon from Los Angeles to San Bernardino, and sent five hunthe following spring. Great Salt Lake City, and this dred Church members under AposThe Saints in the Great Basin achievement opened the southern tles Amasa Lyman and Charles C.

needed seed grain and apple seeds, emigrant road over which many Rich to found the city of San Berfruit pits, flower and vegetable seeds, thousands of people were destined nardino. Along the old trail the Morand cuttings of grapevines and to travel in the next few years. mons built in rapid succession the

shrubbery to beautify the new city forts of San Bernardino, Cedar City, of Zion. The President also wanted npHE fate of the Donner Party and Parowan in 1851, Fort Harthem to bring home good brood stock which perished in the deep Sierra mony in 1852, Santa Clara and Las

to improve the horses of the Morsnows in the winter of 1846 struck Vegas in 1854. Going north over the

mon pioneers. How widely at variterror into the hearts of travelers to newly opened branch trail the

ance that concept was from the California, and when it was learned Church founded in 1851 the settleSpanish concept of the past! The that a new route had been opened to ments of Fillmore, Nephi, Payson,

Spaniards had come to "skin"the the coast, one that was safe for winSpringville, Spanish Fork, and Amercountry, the Mormons to put rich ter travel, it diverted a great part of ican Fork. The opening of a road

and lasting values into it. the California emigration south from through from Salt Lake City to Iron

Salt Lake City. In the fall of 1848, County made a connection between

TDockwell and Shaw left Salt Lake the same year that the Battalion the Oregon Trail and the older

City in August 1847 and travwagon came through, fortyeight Spanish Trail.

eled southward to intercept the wagons essayed the southern route, Thus within the remarkably short

Spanish Trail which they found in and in the fall of 1 849 over two hunspace of five years after the Morthe Parowan Valley. From here dred wagons passed over the old mons came upon the scene, they had

they followed the line of bleaching trail to the coast. One of these wagconverted a trail into a highway and

bones through to California. on caravans of 1849 was captained planted a string of settlements from

After the soldiers were discharged, by Howard Egan, and another was Great Salt Lake City to the Pacific twentyfive men including Rockwell the illfated Death Valley comCoast.

and Shaw came from San Diego to pany of one hundred twentyseven The Mormons came into its forthe Rancho San Bernardino, where wagons. Many of these came to bidding valleys to develop them, to

they assembled their outfits, seed grief and some to tragic death bemake farms and orchards and cities grain, etc., for the homeward march. cause they left the old trail at the and homes. They built chapels,

Here they organized for the journey north end of Mountain Meadows to temples, schools, and roads. They

by electing Captain Henry G. Boyle seek a short cut to the gold fields of came to take nothing out but to put

114 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

everything in, and they soon brought over a hundred thousand people here to live in happiness where only a handful of starved and frightened

Indians had subsisted before. It was

their way of building up the kingdom of God upon the earth.

On the Bopkrack (Concluded from page 95)PROPHECY AND SEE YOUR

MODERN TIMES (W. Cleon Skousen. Third edition.

Griffin Pattersen Company, Glendale,

California. 169 pages. $1.75.)

'TPhe interpretation of prophecy is the most difficult and perhaps the most dangerous of all gospel activities. It

needs to be done with intelligent faith and much prayer. After an illuminating introduction on prophecy, the

prophecies discussed in the book fall into three groups: Concerning America, twentytwo prophecies; concernUTOCO

ing Palestine, eighteen prophecies;

concerning the millennium, twentyfive prophecies. This formidable collection of prophecies is discussed

plainly, simply, and carefully. Every other page is blank as personal note DEALER

sheets for the reader. This challenging

volume will be of interest to all Latterday Saint readers. Undoubtedly, every person will determine for himself the for Better Car Care

correctness of some of the views indicated main, as presented, but in the Taft and Superior Products Elder in the foreword Ezra by

Benson, they will be acceptable to the eager students among the Latterday Saints.—/. A. W. UTAH OIL REFINING COMPANY

THE GEOGRAPHY OF THE BOOK OF MORMON ( E. Cecil McGavin and Willard Bean.

Bookcraft, Salt Lake City. 1948.

91 pages. 75$.

'T'his interesting treatise brings to the reader an array of quotations from early writers that are most interesting.

The mass of evidence presented would convince many that great battles such as those described in the Book of Mormon have been fought in the New

York area. Here in New York the

authors map the "land of many waters"and endeavor to show the feasibility of this being the place of destruction of You Can't ALWAYS Plan of Jaredites the hordes of and later, the The FUTURE by the PAST! are quotations from Nephites. Many

histories and other writings which carry dates long before the discovery of Just because you haven't had a fire is no reason the gold plates and which could not why you won't. Don't judge the future by the past.

have been influenced by that discovery. Fire is a constant menace and may visit you any day.

Our literature is enriched and we are Insure your property today and be protected against indebted to the authors for assembling loss.

these quotations and for their concluBetter get your policy while you can.

sions. Even those who might disagree,

should still find this work provocative UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE CO.

and interesting reading. Spencer W. Heber J. Grant & Co. GENERAL AGENTS Salt Lake City, Utah

Kimball, of the Council of the Twelve.

FEBRUARY 1949 115 THE RIGHT AND POWER 10 ACT FOR ONESEEE (Continued from page 92) all the limitations beyond his conmight be limited during that period because he gave man the right to trol. Beyond them he cannot go, no by situations beyond his control.

act for himself, it does not follow matter how he acts. Behind him the

that man should not do what he can boundaries have narrowed to the ()ne should not be concerned with to correct evils. Within certain one precise possibility that he finally the limits already set for him,

limits, man is at present responsible achieved. That path is now uneither by his past experiences and

for the conduct of earthly affairs. changeable. In the time directly accomplishments, or by present cirHe is here for his development. The ahead of him the limits are comparacumstances beyond his control. He

Lord has leased him the earth, to see tively narrow. He may make a sudcan't do anything about those. His

what he can do with it, and each den significant change in directions, concern should be the place he will individual is obligated not only to but great accomplishments and sound yet reach within the limits that rekeep his own life in order, but also character development are made a main. He should not be concerned

to try to make a better world around step at a time. with experiences that brought him

him. Sometimes he must protect his But though at any one moment a to his present situation, except to

agency by meeting force with force, man is limited in what he can choose learn what he can from them.

as he did in the preexistence, or as to do, there is yet a wide difference, Neither should he be discouraged nations and individuals have often usually, between the best choice by the limits set on his possibilities.

done. When it is possible, of course, within his power, and the worst, in Because he cannot lift a ton, he

evil should be fought by persuasion, even an immediate situation. Beshould not refuse to carry fifty

guidance, and teaching. But make tween the best that is within his pounds. If it is not within his posno mistake about everything happower, and the worst, through what sibility to be a genius, that fact

pening for the best. Much sorrow he chooses to do during the next ten should not discourage him from becould be prevented by someone's years, there is a tremendous differcoming a competent worker.

deciding to act differently, instead ence indeed, no matter how much he Man of course could get nowhere of shrugging off unhappy situations without the Lord. All that has been

as the "will of God."or will be made possible for him to

But even if the Lord is not rehave and be is through the grace of sponsible for everything that men God. In emphasizing the free agendo, what about the other conditions cy of man, there should be no sugrestrict that man's actions? There INDIAN HUMOR influencegestion thatin theGodaffairshas noof interestthis earth.or are influences man's many beyond

control which greatly affect his life. Nevertheless, having given man his

Can a man consider himself free By J. N. WASHBURN agency, the Lord ordinarily does not

while his possibilities are hedged specifically influence a life until a about so closely by his heritage, and man decides, in the exercise of that people of the help to seek agency, the Lord, have heard who hishe is shoved insistently along so it. stirring receive Manyand read the to himself and to prepare and everythingnarrow that happath by

pens to him? horrible tales of Indian cruelHaving taken this step, man might

ty and bloodthirstiness have been very well find that his life is being

At any given moment man is the led to wonder whether there was any continually directed "for the best,"result of all that he is, plus all softer side to the red man, whether often at the expense of plans he has he has ever experienced plus his rehe could ever be tender, inquisitive, made with his limited vision.

action to his experiences. He is the or humorous. The truth seems to be Man may be assured, then, that

result not only of what has hapthat he was capable of all these qualthe Lord foresees the outcome of pened to him, but also of what he ities. human destiny as a whole, and that

has done with what happened to There is a yarn, probably not true, his promises will be kept. But he

him. Though all those reactions of that is to the point. A large, need not feel that his own life is

necessity were conditioned or limstrapping, wellbuilt buck was riding therefore irrevocably set.

ited by all that he had experienced on his cayuse, completely at his ease. Nor need he be concerned about

before, the final decision, that which Some little distance behind him the many things that are obviously determined the exact thing he actuwalked his squaw, carrying the everbeyond his control, for he will be held ally did, rested with his will alone. present papoose on her back and the accountable only for that which is

God or his own habits or Satan may household belongings in her arms. within his control. We are told that

have directed him toward some ac- A white man, meeting them, was judgment will be made according to tion, but he and he alone was reastonished. what man has received. He will not

sponsible for the final decision. It is "Why is it?"he asked the Indian, be judged by what he has done in

those final decisions that determine "that you ride along here and carry comparison to what others have the direction of his life. nothing while your squaw has to done, but by how well he has

It is as if each individual as he walk and carry everything?"The measured up to the best he possibly

stood at any point in his life had buck did not hesitate by so much as could have done, taking into acstretching before him walls marking the flicker of an eyelash. It was all count all the advantages and handithe boundaries of his possibilities. very simple. caps that were his. In a most sigThose boundaries are determined by "Squaw got no pony,"he said. nificant parable the Savior had a

116 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA master promise to his servant who not carry with it the assurance of was given two talents, and increased equal talents and opportunity for them two, the same reward as to all. But despite the great inequalihim who was given five and inties among men, there is not one

creased them five. (Matt. 25:14who has not some choice of action. JhSL

30. ) He who had only one was not The parable would seem to indicate

condemned for having only one but that whether one is given much was condemned for not using that choice or little is not so important which he had. as how well he chooses from that DESERET

The privilege of free agency does which is given. NEWS

THE CHURCH AND MODERN SOCIETY (Continued from page 85) communism, the Marxian philosPRESS identify six living cultural patterns ophy of dialectical materialism.

or civilizations. They are: This is a philosophy of optimism;

Western (our own) materialistic optimism. It promises

Eastern Orthodox (Soviet Communism) a socialist heaven on earth, denies

Hindu the necessity of God and the eternal COMMERCIAL

Moslem nature of man while insisting that

Chinese Polynesian (or Far Eastern) Utopian ends justify earthly means. AND EDITION The communist philosophy promises

salvation, prosperity, and of the great ()ne civeconomic of products PRINTERS AND It deliver peace. not its prommay ilization is founreligion—the is there the denying ises. But no tain faith. of In culof these any BOOK BINDERS the of doctrine, particularly appeal

is tures vital there faith, a optimistic it is it affirms that as destined realistic in its of breadth view, acto PAPER RULING its all over triumph enemies and tocommodation the nature fact, and of man? prove victorious. Where nothing

In western civilization we find better is offered, the philosophy of communism makes powerful appeal. that the philosophy of pessimism

and despair runs a close race with Its racial attitude and claim that wethe philosophy of indifference (or really - treat - all - men - as - brothers makes great inroads where Christianbored sowhat-ism) depending on the amount of material goods at difphilosophy has previously held the ferent locations. The early dynamic ground but has retreated into the and Social

of historic Christianity seems to position of merely saving men's imhave worn down to the point where mortal souls for harpplaying in the sorter most religious bodies accommodate hereafter. The communist saying

youthemselves to whatever the members about "pie in the sky—when

demand, so long as certain outward die"coupled with the promise for signs are put into motion. The peobread today if men will but take up

their and sickle and follow hammer 29 RICHARDS STREET an easyple demand religion—the Stalin, atdouble-edged comes withabolition of sin the comfort of andthe church for whatever they like tractiveness to many men. PHONE 4-5521

to do. In some sects, outward signs, In the Hindu sphere of society

even belief in Christ, are discarded. we find a smoldering passivism,

And in the absence of a dynamic roused to activist proportions by positive faith, we see such things Gandhi's doctrine of spiritual as the "existentialism"of JeanPaul "soulforce."At its best the philosSartre and its negativism. At best ophy of the Mahatma comes as a

one may report that even in Amertestimony of the power of idea. But

ica, the dominant faith appears its universal attractiveness is limited ( with certain notable exceptions ) to by the filth, poverty, and sordid conbe an indifferent materialism, tinged ditions of its adherents. However,

with pessimism. The buoyant bethe awakening of the Hindu world, Students getof theyourBookcopyof Mormon

lief of the frontier in progress and promised by Jawaharlal Nehru as the "THE BOOK OF MORMON perfectibility expresses itself nowaresult of Indian independence from GUIDE BOOK"days largely in newmodel autoGreat Britain, may render Satyaby VERLA BIRRELL mobiles and other surface appeargraha, soul force, a real world facAll missionaries can use this analysis ances. tor. Bound2Sin Charts—6Jade or BlackMaps$5.00

What is the inventory in the The Chinese philosophy of lookother five civilizations? In the Easting ever backward for inspiration DESERET BOOK CO.

ern Orthodox world we find Soviet {Concluded on page lt8)

FEBRUARY 1949 117 THE CHURCH AND MODERN SOCIETY ( Concluded from page 117) viewed in this light, ward teaching, matter what its origin. Brigham

falls short of the specifications refamily prayers, tithepayments, Young said:

quired for faith in a modern world. keeping a healthy body, a daily

Islamic fatalism, that what is writgood turn to our neighbor, all have If this gospel goes to the uttermost parts the earth of... SWALis its clearcut written,ten despite significance. international

IS THERE UP ALL THEit will GOODeventually LOW little for soholdsmonotheism, hope this society and position of the na-... dominant EARTH, The THE ON

isciety. quaint, Polynesian animism until the increase will memin knowledge Russia, states: tional the U.S.A.,

beautiful aoften reminiscent of it and lengthen to enough bers composing know all Britain, China, France, Great and returns, longevity their man's days and outnaturelike paradise, cabut hardly significance. rest, the has additional live ancientas to begin they men did and thepable of of coping with problems

chief If the are their governments 671. edition], ly. Capi- {Discourses [1925 world.an industrial

tals, author's.) the determining engines movements

of modern society, and if (as we befaith restored inspired theTs the by all lieve) (as statepower power) it is true, missionaries, go Our for these adequate gospel men benefit for the of should used be to not to be forth "teach and is civilizations? of the cry Yes,and the leaders of people and man, then it process in the taught."But meettestimonyevery is sermon and governments are under especial that also are inescapable we

ising. action slow and steady, The responsibility. "taught."of the mission Church The efintelligentever challenging more

this sense, in society, becomes to in endeavored Medieval. man to keep reminding have fort. We 1 ) to the fold: ( knowlspread twobelief the center of Christian objectives the of of the makeourselves

faith; realistic optimistic, of an life. but edge greatly achieved He ofkingdom God as outlined by his

all the "swallow up good (2) to reveals. failed, the record as ModTaylor:President

ern man, with science and techthere is on the earth"and put it to 1. Doing away with war and bloodshed nology, is attempting to achieve work.

2. Abolishing misery, disease, and sin

3. Establishing Christian practice and reconcile the In short, the gospel as a modern

a. Peace new world of science with traditionliving faith can be understood and

b. Righteousness al, mythridden ideology. No'wonits meaning properly enlarged (as

c. Justice der medieval belief has lost out! D. & C. 121:42 indicates) "by kind-

d. Happiness People will take bread instead of a ness and pure knowledge."In in-

e. Prosperity

stone any day. Great was the need dividual lives and in the Church as

Some action is required indeed. We in the nineteenth century for the a pattern of the ideal society, this

cannot diminish our missionary efrestored gospel which is premised faith must meet and pass severe forts at home or abroad. Moreover, on the acceptance of all truth, no tests.

THE MOST ATTRACTIVE QUALITY

(Continued from page 77) Keep clean. Free yourself from ening. I don't know what caused it.

This statement of course should be envy and jealousy. Be grateful for Maybe her Mutual teacher got hold

qualified. But at least it is safe to what you are and what you have. of her—she had a good one. Maybe

say that obeying the laws of health Deepen and clear your emotional it was something she read. Perhaps

builds happiness and that lack of tones. And smile! her own soul shook itself free, but

sleep, improper eating, insufficient anyway she changed. Those who

exercise can undermine happiness. ["et me tell you about Martha. loved her watched the battle with

Cleanliness is a part of happiness. Sweet and sunnynatured as a the same fascination that some peoThis means both physical and moral child, she changed in her teens. ple find in a great basketball game.

cleanliness. Moods began to take possession of They watched it with the same

But perhaps the greatest conher, and, although she frequently prayer with which they aided her tributing factor in building happiwas happy and merry, the times when brother when he conquered his enness is faith. I have seen old and she was sad and depressed became trenched smoking habit, for unhapyoung people mired in despair and, increasingly frequent and prolonged. piness is a habit that can be as grim

like the elderly gentleman who "enShe felt abused—sorry for herself. and binding as that of liquOr or tojoyed poor health,"seemingly walShe talked constantly of her bacco. Sometimes Martha slipped

lowing in sadness. All that was troubles, and always bitterly of her back. It was hard to keep up a hapnecessary in order to step out from friends. She gossiped continuously py "front"when all the forces of

their despondency was faith. Sim-—wondering out loud why Jean the years were telling her it was

ple, sincere, humble faith would could always get dates, why Nancy useless. Fortunately she liked being

have lifted them out of Satan's could always find decent clothes, outdoors, and she would ski or skate gloomy playground. But they didn't why Alice's mother spent so much or climb when depression settled.

use it. money on her daughter. She lost These things helped. When she was

Try it, Julie. Be happy. Don't her good looks and her good friends tempted to talk scathingly or critiseek happiness through excitement and seemed destined to live a lonecally or complainingly, she played

and pleasure. Just be happy. Count ly, sour, and unprofitable life. her violin instead, and the playing

your blessings. Exercise your faith. But one day there was an awaksealed her lips. She accepted her118 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

self and her lot and thanked her

Heavenly Father for both. And she

did it a dozen times a day—or more.

Martha was young and well, and she conquered her unhappiness habit.

Life was in the ascendancy, and as soon as the miracle of being happy WurliIzer Organ was accomplished, external happiness flowed into her life. Friends This new, two manual electronic

organ brings you traditional organ surrounded her. A choice mate music at low cost.

her.claimed good home was es- A

its will prove A demonstrationtablished, the strength she and had beauty and tone, classical inspiring to help her youngsters meet their lifelong construction.

problems. She has three children

now in their teens, and they are all happy and very, very attractive.

Von can do the same thing, Julie. SEE SELDON N. HEAPS

as near anywhere You aren't WurliIzer Co. Music ELECTRONIC ORGAN Summerhaysvictimized emotionally as was MarUt. City, Series 50, Two Manual 17 W. 1st So., Salt Lake

Convenient Termstha. Lay aside the sarcasm—no

matter how tempting the opening.

Put cynicism from you. Control that

low note in your life—and maybe

the high one too. Be of good cheer.

Remember that your friends both old and young—both girls and men—like to be around happiness, not

only for its own sake but also because it is such a flattering experiHow You Can Qualify ence. It is impossible to be around

a truly happy person without feelFor A Better Career ing that in some inexplicable way, you have contributed to that happiThe L. D. S. Business College offers you pracness. And this is a wonderful feeltical and thorough training in business subing. To believe that you have the jects. You can prepare now for responsiblepower to make someone happy is to

taste glory. positions in business or civil service with a

sound foundation of classes in our curriculum. So Julie—be just as well groomed

and well dressed as you can. Be

Fully qualified by experience, equipment and staff, the L. D. S.

just as beautiful as possible. Be as Business College can give you the finest training.

good mannered as you desire. But

above all—be of good cheer. Be Inquiries welcome at any time.

happy. It is by far the most attracWrite for free literature.

tive quality.

LIVE DREAMS WHERE S. D. BUSINESS COLLEGE L70 North Main Salt Lake City Woostet Viner By Evelyn

TDeyond marsh grass and sedges there 7** should grow The stuff of which I wove dreams long ago; The grasses and the sedges flourish still,

But in that nook beneath the firclad hill

I fail to find the substance of my dreams

Too bleak and unprotected now it seems

To shelter plants more like the tropic isles

That find their nourishment in hopes and smiles.

The sun sets red against the sharptopped

The firs.grass plot, yielding to the night wind,

stirs.Across the darkling sky a lone loon cries, 'Mm*:

the daylight on the marsh slowlyAnd FIT BETTER gggP dies SINCE 1850 this dreams thing are fromWhile earth a apartThat live not in a marsh but in the heart. AMERICA'S FINEST OVERALL

FEBRUARY 1949 119 ROUGH GOING {Continued from page 83) with an empty sled. "Mush on, garding him with questioning eyes.

tions changed. He made his way boys!"he yelled. "Mush on!"The Andy Owen puffed furiously in the

through a windswept pass and enteam straightened out and left on a cold air.

tered a new country. The cold was dead run. Here the country was Turner stopped his team near the

intense, and several times he "holed level for miles in every direction. In plane, and for a moment the exin"until the wind had died down summer it was a mosquitoinfested tremes of travel in the north caught

somewhat. the he continued Then but sure; dogs, slow swamp, but in winter it was frozen his interest—hisstruggle. missed He Andy Owen, mechanihard. yet being plane swift, the and for along this stretch—"Bad Going"Turner saw the glint of the plane's cal, not always sure. The dogs

Andy called it-—the mine owner alwings in the sunlight first, then the sniffed at the plane runners and

ways helped with the load. He figures of two men coming toward looked at their master. This was

seemed to enjoy the struggle, as if him. He repressed a grin. something new in sleds. Turner

it reminded him of the old days. But Andy grinned as he recogshook his head doubtfully, then atEventually Turner John made team. the his nized Turner. "How in thunder—?"tached lower country whereway down to a break it clear,"he said, can he began. "If we

it was even colder, but the wind was "Never mind how I happened to "with the dogs and some pries we not as strong, and the chill did not be here, but I am. I got a hunch that may be able to get it going. After that

drive through parka and clothing. Edmund didn't have the radiator it's up to us to keep it going until we

A tenby-twelve foot cabin, almost protected enough against the cold, get it behind that clump of brush.

buried in the snow, huddled behind and she froze on him. This is one It'll be protected there."

a ridge where it partly escaped the of the coldest stretches in the world, It was a strange sight that the disstorm's force. Turner's lead dog and the going is sure rough at times. couraged northern sun looked down

swung toward it instinctively and the I sort of figured on it."upon. A team of dogs slowly movdriver followed. He cleared away the Andy grinned again. "I believe I ing a plane, while men behind shoved

entrance and aired out the structure, mentioned something to Edmund their hearts out to help the struggling then he built a fire, unharnessed his about learning by experience; well, team. A whip cracked, Turner's

team, and placed them in the kenwhen the trouble started, I yelled at sharp "Mush!"came in grunting

nels nearby. To each he gave a him to land as near the cabin as he puffs; inch by inch, foot by foot, the

frozen salmon, then prepared his could. I figured we would have plane moved toward shelter. It was

own meal. shelter at least, but I didn't figure on several hours before the job was

Twice during the night he stepped the old reliable John being on the completed. Slowly they returned to

outside and listened. It was quiet job. We, or at least I, surrender, the cabin for the night. Across the

except for the crackle of the northJohn. What are your terms? You've table the men looked at each other as

ern lights and the casual howl of a got us in a corner, for we have to they ate. It was Andy Owen who

distant wolf. have you and your dogs."spoke first.

It was an hour after dawn when The dog musher looked at the "It's the highest bidder, John. I'll

he heard the roar of a motor. He airman. "How about it, Edmund, give you a thousand dollars if you'll

watched the sky, a notch between how much do you need me?"take me on the usual trip to thetwo peaks reminding him of a gun

sight, but it was long before he saw "I've got to get back to Discovery mines."

the plane. It came slowly, at times Creek and bring in a mechanic and The aviator breathed heavily. He

seeming to pause, as sudden gusts a radiator."He mentally checked up saw the handwriting on the wall.

of wind sought to hurl it back. on the cost of the mishap in lost busThen, too, John Turner was a comhis. In fact, he had takenEventually it made its way through, iness. He could pay five hundred petitor of

then as if sliding down some invisdollars, even a thousand for a quick business away from Turner. "I'll

it eleven hundred and fifty dolible incline, Turner saw it rush earthtrip. "I'll give you five hundred if make

ward. On and on it came, and with you can make it to Discovery Creek lars, Turner,"he said. "I've got to

I don't know thea start, the musher realized that the and back in twelve days."have that radiator.

motor was silent. It rushed over his Turner cocked his eyes aloft. country except from the air, and I

it alone without dogs tohead a full thousand feet and disap- "Hmmmm! It looks like another can't make

peared. He listened, but heard no storm is coming up. We'd better carry sleeping bag and grub."

crash of fabric against ice. A heavy look after the plane the first thing."The musher looked at Andy

sigh of relief escaped his lips, then As he drove toward the helpless Owen. "Fifteen hundred, John."To

he smiled softly and for the moment plane, thoughts flitted through his him it was also a game. He grinned

forgot his aching tooth. mind. The falling of the airship had at the aviator. "Do you raise me, Ed-

"He struck the bad going up changed things. The mine owner and mund?"

there,"he muttered. "It can be bad the airman were now bidding Edmund was almost pale. He

up there, just like it's bad down here. against each other. The airman drew forth a pencil and set down

Guess I'll mush down the trail a would go the limit; the mine owner some figures which he carefully

ways."with more money behind him would added up. The total represented

offer a higher figure for the use of what he believed would be his actual

V )ne by one be brought his John Turner and his dog team. Both loss during the next month if Turndogs from the kennels. Carefully he men were following him, and, whener did not help him out. At the old

adjusted the harness, then set forth ever he looked back, they were rerate it totaled three thousand dol120 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA lars. If he forced a higher rate on

his customers, it would come to nearly five thousand dollars. "I'll give drwihsA, SbuunjdwolL jcomfiilaiio/L!

you two thousand, Turner."

"Twentyfive hundred!"Andy // //

Owen did not hesitate. He enjoyed

this game. He could watch the struggle in the airman's face. Andy knew Price $1.00 postpaid

that he could outbid Edmund, and he knew the airman realized it. Andy The many thousands who have enjoyed previous publications edited by Elder N. B. Lundwall will

little inspiring. Its very interesting book part of excerpts is composed main and from

actuallyhad not forgotten the contempt in findthe diarythis written across trek himself on the plains by Orson the Pratt to Salt

Edmund's voice when he spoke of Valley. There also are inspiring essays in explanation of the exodus written by Samuel LakeW.

the old methods. Richards,Erastus Snow,WiifordThomasWoodruff,Steed, Brighamand GeorgeYoung,A. Smith.Willard Richards,The book EdwardmeasuresW.6 Tullidge,by 9 inches.Anson BoundCall,

"Three thousand dollars!"in cloth and boards for your permanent library. 96 pages.

snapped the airman and his voice trembled, "Three thousand five hundred!"

said Andy calmly.

"I'm licked!"Edmund admitted. by Joseph H. Weston

Old John Turner looked at his lead dog. "They're not trying to Price $1.00 postpaid

buy us; they're just buying our servTo write anything more in praise of this book would be a superfluity. If you haven't seen it

ask your neighbor what he thinks about it, and why so many people are sending copiesices. We're worth more than we yet,of it to their friends. nonMormonever dreamed—if we do business the

way they do Outside."He turned //

friend. his writeto "Andy, me out (xJhsJui (Do QdooA fomsi J<hom?"thirtyfive forthat check hundred

dollars."by Joseph H. Weston Andy Owen carefully brought

forth his checkbook and pen. With This long title serves to designate a clever original essay that reaffirms mankind's faith in God.

a cool hand he wrote out the check Thewere authorlooseningsaidtheirhe wrotehold uponit fortheirthereligion.benefit ofIt thoseis rapidlypeoplegrowingwho feltin popularity.that scientificThirtyteachingspages,

in pamphlet form, it is illustrated with the author's own sketches. The price is

postpaid.and handed it to Turner. onlypaperboundFIFTY CENTS,

Then it was Turner spoke to the airman. "Write me out a check for

three thousand dollars, Edmund."

In assist to order in the trade L.D.S. opening outlets for book new surprised, but Both looked men literature, sale of Saint the Latterday offer discount a on we 40%

if or all books, any of in these are purchased they LOTS OF 10 OR into eyes, the airman'shope came resale for seeking an organization raise by to funds MORE, for purpose. Hundreds of units have availed themselves of this'and he hastily filled in a check. 40% worthyopportunity. a

For several moments John Turner stared at the bits of paper representing six thousand five hundred dollars. Then slowly he tore them into weston publishing co*

bits. "It didn't seem possible men wouldtear at each other's throats that way. 660 South State St., Salt Lake City

Andy, I'm ashamed of you. You used

to live in the North, and you should Visit Us When You're in the City!

know better'n to hit a man when he's down. Edmund is right from Outside, and he hasn't been up here long

enough to learn yet."

The room was silent; then Andy

Owen spoke. "I figured if you was

togoing highest to sell out the bidWrite Jodat I'dder, price the boost up and help an old friend out. Edmund tried to

cut your throat, John, when he met FOR YOUR 1948 INDEX me on the train and talked me into flying instead of mushing,"to THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "That's true, but he learned that

Outside.""What are you going to do, Bind it with your volume

John?"Andy Owen was puzzled.

"Me? Oh, just what I planned to Enclose a 3 stamp with your request

do when I took a chance on that {Concluded on page 122) FEBRUARY 1949 121 ROUGH GOING {Concluded from page 121) at Discovery Creek and bring in the planned to revise my rates. I'll carcold stratum of air freezing up Edmechanic and radiator. That'll cost ry out that plan and revise them

mund's radiator. I'm giving you a you, Edmund, three hundred and downward. You said something

dog and a light sled that'll carry fifty dollars."about learning by experience, Owen.

sleeping bag and enough grub to Edmund and Owen looked at I've learned. We're going to need

take you to your nearest camp. I each other. They were both from a supply and refuge station this side

can't go back on an old friend, you Outside, and knew the game as it of the mountains for emergency. I'm

know. Later on I'll come in with a was played there. The airman spoke wondering where I could get a good

full team and meet you. It'll cost you first. man to take charge. One who knows

only part, because I'm only perform- "I'm wondering,"he said more to the ground, not the air."

ing part of my contract. Three hunhimself than to the other, "how many John Turner looked at his lead

dred and fifty dollars will be about men Outside go around with a knife dog. "It sounds like they were talkright. I can't knife a competitor in their hand simply because that's ing about us,"he said quietly, "and

when he's down, either, so I'll take the way the game is played. Up here we'll take it just as soon as I get

the rest of the dogs, get some more it's different, and I'm glad. I'd back from Outside."

DO YOU READ CHURCH HISTORY CORRECTLY?

{Continued from page 82) Both Harmony and Colesville are in the history of the Church of Jesus erners and history students in gentowns (townships). Christ of Latterday Saints were

eral. There is not now and never A prominent writer, preparing written.

has been a hamlet, village, or city in material for a national magazine, To reach McKune Cemetery and

Susquehanna County named Harsecured a road map, located Harthe site of the McKune Settlement mony. There was a village called mony, Pennsylvania, and went there of Joseph Smith's day from the east,

Harmony Center Postoffice but it only to find no one who knew anythe approach is from the boroughs has long since disappeared from the thing about Joseph Smith, the Book (villages) of Susquehanna and maps. It was several miles from the of Mormon, or other subjects of his Oakland (both indicated on road

Isaac Hale and Joseph Smith homes inquiry. maps) and from the west from

in McKune Settlement and not conThis man had made two errors. Great Bend, Pennsylvania, (south

nected with Church history. McKune The first was that he either overof Bingh.amton, New York,) and

was named for Joseph McKune, the looked the fact that the Harmony Hickory Grove. A sign indicates the

first settler. The small cemetery he was seeking was in Susquehanna area.

there is still called McKune CemCounty or thought a mistake had etery. been made; and the second was Guide to Colesville

One of the houses in the Mcthat he was looking for a village or

Kune Settlement was owned by city instead of a town or township. Colesville, Broome County, New

Isaac Hale, at whose home Joseph The place he had gone to was the York, is on New York Highways stayed while working for Josiah village ( called a borough or boro in 19 and 7. It is approximately fifteen

Stowel (Stoal). It was here also Pennsylvania) of Harmony in Butmiles from Binghamton, county seat

that he met his future wife, Emma ler County, more than two hundred of Broome County. The Village of

Hale. and fifty miles from the McKune Nineveh, key point to Church hisAfter they were married, they Settlement. His experience was not tory in this area, is on Highway 7

bought from Isaac Hale a large shed unique; many before him and since after it leaves Highway 19 at

which they moved across the street have made the same mistake. Harpursville, the town seat of the

and remodeled into a home. It was If this man had gone to almost Town o Colesville. The Joseph

in and near this home that many imany public library in Pennsylvania Knight family, nucleus of the Colesportant historical events occurred, and asked to see a map of Susqueville branch, lived across the Susthe locale of which is given as Harhanna County, he would have found quehanna River from Nineveh, mony, Susquehanna County, Pennit divided into fifteen townships and which was their post office address.

sylvania. But Harmony was not the in the extreme northeast part of the Nineveh is in the Town of Colesname of a village or city; it was the county one called Harmony. Arrivville, as also were the farms of Joname of a township then, and now ing at the Town of Harmony, he seph and Newell Knight and other

designated as a town. could easily have been directed to members of the Colesville branch.

When Joseph Smith, referring to the proper place. To reach the area where the Colesthe restoration of the Melchizedek While the original Harmony ville branch was formed, and which

Priesthood gave the location as betownship was later divided, prinat that time was the site of a coning "in the wilderness between cipally to provide for a compact siderable settlement with several

Harmony, Susquehanna County, school district in the new township small industries, the route leads

Pennsylvania, and Colesville, called Oakland, the old "town"of across the river immediately north

Broome County, New York, on the Harmony, now about half its origiof Nineveh, turning right (south) banks of the Susquehanna River,"nal size, is known far and wide as to a small stream called Indian he was following common practice. the place where important chapters Creek. It is believed that this is the

122 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

stream in which some of the early baptisms were performed.

Note: The doublepage map of There Is A Reason Why Over

the Hill Cumorah area (pages 32 of the 33and ImproveJanuary text titled the Era) andment "The 150 LD.S. Chapels

Cradle of Mormonism"should be ARE THE PROUD OWNERS OF studied in connection with the discussion of that area. HAMMOND ORGANS!

SOME OF THE REASONS ARE The Church Moves On 1—SO EASY TO PLAY

( Concluded from page 69 2—TAKES UP SO LITTLE ROOM

Argentine Mission 3—NEVER GETS OUT OF TUNE

T-Tarold Brown has been appointed 4—COSTS LESS THAN ANY OTHER ORGAN

as president of the Argentine Mission by the First Presidency. He sucWrite in for Full Information

ceeds W. Ernest Young as president

of the mission with headquarters in

Aires. PresidentBuenos has Young Co. Bros.Music Glen

three years.served for and a half Estab. 1907 Salt Ogden'Lake

THE MOST INTERESTING PART OF

THIRD NEPHI We Can Help You HEAR

In story iorm, after the order of "The Robe"and "The Big Fisherman"rTElEX"EFFICIENT!COMPACT!

11 ## HEARING AIDS A Model For

Your Budget SHEEP OTHER.. Write... or Phone America Come In. Saga of Ancient A

TELEX HEARING CENTER HAROLD BROWN W. ERNEST YOUNG

of adventures The exciting a young R. E. MORRIS CO. couple, Gadianton Nephite captured by

504 Judge Bldg. this time of appointment, At the sacrioffered robbers and up as human

1 Dial 4-1382 Salt Lake CityPresident a United Brown was their States fices to the Gods, Lamanite and counsular officer in Montevideo, Urumiraculous escape during the terrible deguay, and superintendent of the Sunstruction that heralded the coming of the day Schools of the Uruguayan MisSavior.

sion.

He served his first mission for the One chapter describes an exciting andChurch in Argentina between 193740. deadly game of "Tlachtli'the Nephite IPSE for OVER FIFTY YEARS

Since that time, as his work has sent equivaent of our modern basketball. Aids in treatment of Canker, simple

him to Latin America, he has always Notes by archeologists support statesore throat and other minor mouth served the Church. In 1946 he was a ments made in the story and help prove and throat irritations.

counselor in the presidency of the divinity of the Book of Mormon.

Mission.Mexican

is illustrated; bound in heavy The book HALLS REMEDY Sister Brown,

colors; in six currently mission sucovers, lithographed and City, Utah Salt Lake

pervisor of the Uruguayan Mission makes a wonderful gift for any occasion.

Primary Association will come with Price $1.00. (PLUS TAX)

him to Salt Lake City in February to be set apart for this assignment. Sold by Deseret Book Co. and other

Sunday School Board Utah Dealers WE DFFER...

"\17ilford Moyle Burton has been or mailed postpaid by A COMPLETE named a member of the Deseret ENGRAVINGFrom MissionarySERVICEPortraits to the LargestSunday School Union general board PYRAMID PRESS Catalogues.

and assigned to the senior department. 609 S. 2nd East Salt Lake City 2, Utah Mail Orders Given Prompt Attention

Elder Burton is well trained in Sunday UTAH ENGRAVING CO.

School and in Church work, having L. D. S. HEADQUARTERS 113 Regent St. Salt Lake City, Utah

superintendent of Schools Sundaybeen IN LAS VEGAS, NEVADA E of thein Pioneer a Stake and member

Sunday School superintendency of the YE KINGS REST MOTEL

Bonneville Stake. More recently he 526 SOUTH 5th STREET

has been a member of the bishoprics Dr. Harold B. Foutz. Owner THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

of the Yalecrest and Monument Park Edgar H. Foutz, Manager

Beautyrest Mattresses Throughout wards. 12 Issues $2.50

FEBRUARY 1949 123 (Continued 79) from page of communication was most imTHE PONY EXPRESS line six shots. has head stall portant. The bridle

with throat latch. The bit is a eluding a message from President The ten and onehalf day sched-

"short spade"type. On the right Buchanan to the governor of ule was pretty well maintained and

front of the saddle is a coiled tie California, and handed it to the next on two occasions shortened. News

rope. rider at Granada, Kansas. On it of the election of Abraham Lincoln

Of course, the costume varied went day and night, each rider urgwas carried in eight days, and his in winter and summer—a heavy ing his steed ahead, making the best inaugural address was rushed

short coat being worn in the bitter speed possible. Finally nine days through in seven days and sevencold months. and twentythree hours later the teen hours. Extra horses were put

last rider galloped up in front of on, the riders asked to ride hard and

T eaving St. Joseph and crossing the old Alta Telegraph Station in fast. My father rode the seventythe Missouri River, the route Sacramento. Russell's dream had five miles to Rush Valley in fewer

cut across the northeast corner of become a reality, and Senator than five hours, using five horses.

Kansas, west through the length of Gwin's struggle for the people of Some long rides were made in the

Nebraska, dipping just once to go California was not in vain. The eighteen months the express existed,

scantily through the northeast corpeople of the east and the west six of them being for about three ner of Colorado at the important were now only ten days apart. If hundred miles. Six men's names

town of Julesburg. This was a California in the dark days apcan never be forgotten so long as

division point under supervision of proaching the Civil War was to be courage and endurance are prized;

"Jack"Slade, who killed six for the Union, this closer and safer "Pony Bob"Haslam, William F.

men in defense of the Pony Express Cody, Jack Keetly, Jim Moore, property, and for which he was "Rast"Egan, and William "Billy"never criticized nor blamed. Later Fisher. From a letter of my father

he turned outlaw and killed more It's a Practical World many years later to J. S. Armstrong,

than ten men in Kansas and Colomanager of the Mountain States rado. Seeking new fields of adven- {Concluded from page 67) Telephone Company, published in

all inthe requests though chairmanture of the mistake going he made Bell the Telephone News, the folquirers rethe themselves, toto City, Virginia Montana, where quotation lowing is made: ports slovenly handling of not—"aidentify dohe soon was Vigihanged by the

I took mules six horses and two to Valleylantes. His body was given to his tesy."the situation,This proposallacking commonwas warmlycourtheUsingExpress from Ruby

widow and taken by her to Salt debated and the motion defeated by Lake in 34J/> hours. Several stations wereSalt

Lake City where it now rests. On 101,280 to 12,285—the management burned on the road and several horses

through old Fort Laramie, Indecontrolling about one hundred thoustolen, thus necessitating my riding so far.

pendence Rock, Fort Bridger, and sand votes in the meeting (conserva- I took the First Express, going East at 1860. Sixth, April the on Valley in Ruby results historic estimated stations,other from the the routes tively

it rider next the who from Receiving West passed). other measures which Thecrossed most of entered Wyoming, I carried it Creek. Roberts from brought

northern Utah, and swept down to management's position on the quesit East to Egan Canyon and delivered it

Salt Lake City, hence south into tion was: "It would seem reasonable to Bill Dennis. I was five hours making

... the 55 miles.Utah Valley, then through Cedar and proper to leave such a matter

to the discretion of the management."

Valley to Faust Station in Rush ]\AY father had some narrow esValley,* on west to Canyon Station, Co, opportunities are open. Some capes from Indians, especially

passing Deep Creek and into what woman (perhaps a reader of this near Nip Cut Canyon. I have

is now Nevada to Fort Ruby at Ruby column) can become the first of her heard him say many times when I

Valley where my father took his sex to become a member of the Board was a boy, "I seem to have borne a first mail to ride East, to Egan of Standard of New Jersey. She will charmed life."I quote now from

elected the as as soon management be bit dipping south aCanyon; now is letter, original of which the a

finds the to a chairman) (accordingto after Roberts Creek (named still family, of in the our possession think the management woman whoBolivar dithe Roberts), led road bit mail a colof from a priceless to business. helpful All the could berectly to City. Carson west From ( genuine lector's viewpoint. Some is will the to to convince she have do

trail thehere miles a dropped few the carried Exto conenvelopes on Pony are open management. They

south of west, past the southern viction. The matter may take a little press in 1860 and 1861 have, acend of beautiful Lake Tahoe, then time, as in the case of Mr. Gilbert's cording to Mr. Lyon of the Pony

through historic Placerville, and motion to print names instead of "a Express Museum of Pasadena, finally on to the western terminus stockholder."California, sold for from five hunof Sacramento.

fastest time for the mail, by At least, Standard of New Jersey is dred to one thousand dollars.) The

devil raising here the are Indians The sufcongratulated to be on having stage overland, twentyone was stop, will as I think soon they but literate ficient faith in the of now, people thirty over; often days, or more one assistance. to our the have troops come (i.e. those read Engworld who less the express than the but I I was new wrote enough think Linny, have Well,

their lish) print as to proceedings. The

I tired and as for very the present am five this time. half April p.m. At those time even when come may who this I sunrise at in for here sleepy, came third, riding black horse, a Johnny will in meeting annual be "speak up"riding the after Express with morning killed (afterwards as a Union Frey their printed to willing names have by all night. nearly

cavalryman under General Lyon at the willing management. Meantime,

Wilson's Creek, Missouri ), took the God's children proceed with the pracThis letter was dated "Ruby Valfirst mail of eightyfive pieces, intical affairs of life. ley June seventeenth, 1860,"and

124 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA was sent East via Pony Express to walked and trotted the additional

Miss M. Van Etten (later my five miles to the station on foot.

mother ) Great Salt Lake City, Utah All of the Pony Express riders

Territory. are now gone. The last survivor in

Later, "Billy"Fisher rode from Utah was William H. Streeper of

Salt Lake to Rush Valley. On Centerville, Utah, who died about

the 22nd of January 1861, between twenty years ago. The last survivor

Camp Floyd and Porter Rockwell's of all was William Campbell of

Point of the Mountain he was lost Stockton, California, who rode befor twenty hours: tween Fort Kearny and Fort

Leaving Camp Floyd at four p.m. I McPherson, Nebraska, along the

arrived at Salt Lake City at noon on the Platte River. He was a brothernext day badly exhausted as I had been inlaw of one of the station keepers

fighting the storm all the way. at Cotton Wood Springs, meeting

My father relates an interesting and courting the girl as he "waited during at the station. over"experience happened which Sunday On I BIBLES the twentyfirst againstthis struggle 1933, snow wind and of May,

and cold. He had finally become personally visited Mr. and Mrs. Wherever Bibles ore Sold

completely lost. He remarked in Campbell in Stockton. He was in

later years, good health at ninetysix, but practi-

I would have given all I ever possessed cally blind. He was tall and stood

to have just found my horse's tracks back, proudly erect. His voice was clear, man"It's hardto followfor the averageall the

in they threadsbut a dependence were of course, soon blown over his keen, tenth September memory find out ofUtah and obliterated.and of that present with just year depeople he was many state howlike

for activity on which pend R. Driggs, Petersen H. C. Howard living. a of brush, We to a small patchComing

that. mists these do letAnd econoof Sutter's (then curator Fort but tail the turned tell expertsFather dismounted, would us there

of his tired horse to the wind and now deceased), Mrs. Campbell, and bepopulationonly half inof Utahour presentif we

lay down behind the protecting W. F. Knowland, publisher of the had no mining here."

brush stumps for a little rest. Sleep Oakland Tribune, when a bronze

crept upon him, which would have plaque was placed on the front of the old Alta Telegraph building asbeen his last sleep—so easy thus

to freeze and die, but a kind provithe western Pony Express terminus.

dence saved him. A cottontail rabShortly after this, Mr. Campbell

bit ("brush rabbit"to the mountain passed away.

folk), startled, leaped from the Thus "riders all"these "meswillows and struck his face. This sengers of romance"have journeyed

awakened Father who regarded it back to the presence of the God as an act of encouragement for who gave them life. The hurrying

him to try once more. Numbed and hoofbeats of the ponies are still.

cold, he finally struggled into the The saddles are empty, and the UTAH MINING ASSOCIATION saddle again. This time he loosenbridles hung up for the last time.

ed the bridle reins, tied the ends to All too briefly, this is the story, lo.s. headquarters*'

the saddle horn, clung tightly to the this the glory of the Pony Express. In phoenix

saddle lest he fall, and let the horse Blazing heat of the desert sun or seek its own way in the storm. After blinding snow of the winter's blizMOTOR HOTEL

wandering about for an hour or so, zard could not stop them. The

I 300 WEST. BUREN years afterward, VAN the horse (many of the redskin, war whoop POOL FOR Pahute, SWIMMING GUESTS

praise of with grateful spoke Father or Goshute, sometimes Shoshone RESERVATIONS NECESSARY FOR WINTER the strength, endurance, and sense could not deter them. The stampede

of that splendid animal) moved of the buffalo or the cry of wolves definitely ahead and at last came to in lonely places at night could not FREE Sample Record one of the lonely ranches in that hold them back. With nerves of—revealing how you can be taught singing

vicinity. The people took the exsteel, with zeal of youth they sped and speaking by famous teachers through

hausted rider into their warm room over mountain and plain. Through Educational Records. Write for record

to cover cost o/ packaging and postage and gave him hot drink and food these long, lonely, trying hours runs Send 25 Cents—

and sheltered, fed, and rested the the red blood of courage and the INSTRUCT-0-TONES SIERRA MADRE, CALIF horse. Then giving Father his golden threads of heroism. Their

proper bearings, sent him once more memories are sacred along with the his storm, he into the and made pioneers, and early Mormon the HOTEL LANKERSHIM safe, mail the into Salt Lake, earlyway California builders of 7th and t BROADWAY if twenty hours late. Nevada. Their work is over, but L. D. S. MODERATEHeadquarters RATESin Los Armeies

"Rast"Egan's horse on one octhey can never be forgotten. They FRANKRAY H.R. BECKETT.WISHON. ManagerOperator

casion, stepped in a badger hole live forever enshrined, not only on LOS ANGELES and broke its leg. "Rast"slung the tablets of bronze and stone, but in TWO PERSONS - ONE CHARGE"

mail pouches over his shoulder and our love and memory.

FEBRUARY 1949 125 JOHN AND MARY (Concluded /rom page 76) keep yourselves for each other only, and further misunderstanding. Inand hardships who carry on the in mind and body and spirit. You jury is heaped upon injury until the

world and its work. And, John and will remember that the Lord Jesus attorney is employed, the home

Mary, do not limit your family as Christ said: broken, and the lives of parents and

the world does. I am wondering children blasted.

them said by it was But there is a healing balm which, adulnot commitnow where I might have been had of Yeold havetime,heardThouthatshalt my parents decided arbitrarily that tery: if applied early, in but a few minone or two children would be But I say unto you, That whosoever utes, will return you to sane thinkafter to lust looketh her hath a on woman four three or would that orenough, that, ing, with and know so much in with adultery her already committed that or support, all could theybe at love, yourselves, 5:2728.) his heart. (Matthew stake—your I limit; for five the be wouldeven ideals, exalfamily, your your your

children. also paraphrased of it can eleven sixth be the Andwas tation, your cannot eternities—you will that love the later to she a think say "... looketh upon youDon't afford to take must chances. You

ones less or have fewer material man to lust after him hath committed swallow your pride and with courthings for them. Perhaps like Jacob, adultery already with him in her age, you, John, would say: "Mary,

you might love the eleventh one heart."And I want to say to you, darling, I'm sorry. I didn't mean

most. Young folk, have your famalso, that flirting by married people, to hurt you. Please forgive me."

ily, love them, sacrifice for them, even though they think it innocent and Mary, you would reply: "John,

teach them righteousness, and you and limited, is a serious sin and is dear, it was I who was at fault will be blessed and happy all the the approach toward eventual downmore than you. Please forgive me."

days of your eternal lives. fall. It is reported that ninety perAnd you go into each other's arms,

their origin of all divorces cent have life keel again. an is on even and

is there Mary and John,NJow, infidelity an in parties, or both of one it retire at night, you when And this in element indispensable it is see important can so you how is is forgotten, there and chasm no happiness you desire. There must to heed this warning and strictly between you as you have your fambe fidelity and confidence. John, avoid even the appearance or apily prayer. This time you could

you have had a legitimate and propproach toward evil. thank the Lord for the courage and

er opportunity these past years to Now, John and Mary, being hustrength he helped you to muster wife, a for thelook world over difto man, day have some you may calamity. to avert a threatened And

girls, to comanddate numerous resulting opinion of ferences even this in with determinafortitude and pare and contrast them with each little quarrels. Neither of you will tion, you will find that the misunderother, weighing their virtues and atbe so unfaithful to the other as to standings will reduce in numbers,

of them all youtractions, and finally, or friends parents to your go back at and whereas have come they may loveliest, thehave selected Mary as discuss with them your and little intervals will intervals the of weeks, the one with whom you wish to be differences. That would be gross come to be months and years, and

associated forever, the one who disloyalty. Your intimate life is your finally you will learn wholly to enreaches such heights of perfection in own and must not be shared with or mesh your lives, forever barring the

your eyes that she is worthy not confided in others. You will not go pettiness which is so disastrous.

also but help meet to youronly be to for people your back sympathy is the glorious tomorrow Now, posterity. your of Youthe mother difficulwill thresh out but your own

I'll at eventful day. and meet you pedestal, a and for built Maryhave ties. injury has been an Suppose

in the beautiful the temple decroom it, permit will never herplacing on inflicted; unkind have been words

in white, purity. orated typifying The place the share to ever otherany said; torn; feels hearts are each and

will the walls of temple the shut out is queen, your your her. Shewith is fault. that at the other wholly

of sounds below. the world Here throughout love yourcounterpart, is to heal the done Nothing wound.

in the sweet composure ceremony you Mary, And,the eternities. pass. hours throbis a There The

will to unite be performed two you of privilege comthe same hadhave of hearts night, bing the through a all eternity. for immediate Your see to all came the boysparing who sullenness of unkindness day and

you, and you have selected John as family and closest friends will be the finest specimen of young manthere and with you will rise to hood, and the most desirable comspiritual heights in this heaven upon panion, to be your husband and the earth.

father of your children, and now, And when the ceremony is comhaving made your choice, this is pleted, you two will go forth final. You have built a pedestal on from those sacred precincts, your

which you have placed John, and no thoughts on a high spiritual plane a one may ever share that place with "little lower than the angels."Hand

him. Never again will you look in hand, with your eyes to the light,

upon any man as you have John, for you will go forth to conquer and he is now your mate and sweetheart build and love and exalt yourselves and husband for eternities. and your family.

Henceforth, your eyes will never Goodbye until tomorrow, John wander; your thoughts will never and Mary, and God bless you alstray; in a very literal way you will ways.

126 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA..

Vku Wontk Witk CHURCH PUBLICATIONS MY PICTURE BOOK

The Instructor... OF SONGS

President J. Reuben Clark, Jr., The new record album every child wants!

writes of The Sunday School's OpNineteen cleverly dramatized melodies acclaimed by record portunity as The Instructor for Febcritics.

ruary continues to highlight Sunday From the book praised by Kate Smith which has sold 50,000

School worth in this jubilee year. copies.

Marba C. Josephson of the Young Three records in album $3.95

Women's Mutual Improvement Association general board writes of her At your dealer's, or direct from

SuperintendGeneralgrandfatherCannon—Firstunder the title George Q. INC. ARTS, to trace RECORDING continues ent; N. Washburn

Temple St.. 19 West South under School movementthe SundayJ.

the general title "Ye Have Need That Salt Lake City 1. Utah

One Teach You."There are other Producers of

features, centennial SchoolSunday Immortal "Seven Hymns"for sugmaterial April andand lesson Smith's Story"Own this "Joseph in for the Eastergestions program issue. chops p*y- The Children's Friend.. tutt au yom

JhLder Thorpe B. Isaacson of the

Presiding Bishopric has an article in this issue of the magazine that all SPRAY THE IRON AGE WAY parents should read, and having read, practise: "Teach Your Children to

Pray."Another article that should be

of great interest to parents was prepared by the Utah State Nutrition

Council: "Is Your Child's Diet Adequate?"A special feature that is

exceptionally good is "The Story of

Our Missions"by Edith S. Patrick and

Jerry Sain. Here s why you get more coverage at > *** Distributor,

For the children there are innumer- i i.lL, Bnil InP -.,... MOUNTAIN STATES IMPLEMENT CO.

able stories, features, and articles that lower cost with IRON AGE SPRAYERS Ogden, Utah should keep them happily busy for Listen to what users say about spraying many hours of wholesome fun. the Iron Age way: "Sprayed over 155

acres the full season without putting a wrench to my pump"... "Iron Age saves me

The Relief Society Magazine.. moneytrouble."becauseIron AgeI buildsneversprayershave anyin sizespumpand

capacities to meet every for grower's demand features special for the February'T'he that delivers a machine coverage maximum

YORK, PA. low upkeep. Iron famous to the with The include issue Age Pump "A Memorial

maintains high still pressures needed, and Sisters,"Presiding SocietyRelief by POTATO VEGETABLE AND PLANTERS TRANSPLANTERS takes a beating season after season without

DIGGERS DUSTERS POTATO WEEDERS the Richards,Bishop "From LeGrand breakdowns. Write for information to A. B. SPRAYERS

SPECIAL CONVEYORS JUICE PRESSES MACHINERY Sunlight to the of Co., Farquhar of a Dream 3408-F.Shadow St., York, Duke Pa.

Promise"by Vesta P. Crawford, "The

Symbol of a Dream"by Verda Mae

Fuller, "Women Against Polio"by FEBRUARY 1949 ADVERTISERS

Elaine Whitelaw, and two articles by AmericanAudiphone PopcornHearing CompanyAids 100Ill MorningMountain MilkFuel CompanySupply Company. Inside front cover98

Caroline Eyring Miner: "Wearing a Beesley Music Company 68 National Bible Press 125

Face into a Mother's"and "The Sane Birrell,BeneficialVerlaLife Insurance Companv Back cover117 PyramidOverland PressGreyhound Lines 12368

View,"BookcraftBrigham YoungCompanyUniversity 108, 113110 PurityQuish SchoolBiscuit ofCompanyBeauty Culture 11265

The fiction consists of the second J. I. Case Company 69 Ramshaw Hatchery 98

chapter of Joanna, a serial by Margery DeseretDeseret BookNews CompanyPress Inside back cover117 RecordingRogerson's ArtsMusic Company 12770

States Book Baking Agency 110 100 Royal CompanyS. Stewart; "They Die in the Harness,"Eastern

125 Court Motor Sego Milk El Rancho Company the second prize winning story by Fels & Company 99 StarKist Tuna 1011 00

Myrtle M. Dean; and the second part A.FisherB. FarquharFlouring CompanyMills 127Ill SummtrhaysStartup CandyMusic Company...U91 00

123 Brothers Hearing Telex Music Company 123 Glen Aid Tarlock.of Fay "The Dress"by

- Engraving Utah Company Remedy 123 for February"by Hall's "Remembrance Fire 1 6723 Utah Hotel Utah Home Insurance Company. 115

Vesta P. Crawford and "CongratulaInstruct-O-TonesKolob Corporation 12570 UtahUtah OilMiningRefiningAssociationCompany 125115

125 Power Utah Hotel 112 Company & Light Brown Lyman on Her Lankershimtions to Amy

Publishing 119 College Business 121 Weston L.D.S. Company

editorials. are theBirthday"King's Rest Strauss 119 Motel Levi Ye Company 123

FEBRUARY 1949 127 &wv

"SPEAK THE SPEECH"word that is frequently mispronounced is status. The a ADDRESSES OF L.D.S. SERVICEMEN'S HOMES

St., 24th Cor. "C,"San Diego, Calif. 24th 6 are. Surprised? But 1104 in the as pronounced word be A should

St., Calif. Alice Oakland, 1836 it rejoice! clearcut is, and sound good, think And while what a

we are on that a sound, data has preferably the same sound, 615 "F"St., Marysville, Calif.

although a second pronunciation is permissible, with the a as 1594 So. Beretania St., Honolulu, T.H.

are in arm. Those the only two pronunciations—so beware Naval Station Services sound! that of as in cat a

Chicago, Illinois information:L. D. S. servicemen are asked to note the following

Editors: Dear

Your Christmas number of The Improvement Era is atFrazier"L. D.Hall,S. services245 Westare28thheldSt.,eachNorfolkFridayNavalat 8 Station,p.m. in

tractive, interesting, and inspiring. Starting with the deNorfolk, Virginia."

lightful cover picture, you have maintained a high and challenging standard throughout from a religious and literary as well as an artistic standpoint.

In view of the importance to our youth and our homes as DIPLOMACY IN ACTION privilege reprinting of like the churches, as would well our we witty to Smith and wise soothe Sydney knew The an how the sales people from to out our in going paper our weekly restore his friend humor. angry and good

Dr. article F. MerJoseph Column""NoLiquor-Tobacco by celebrated divine friend,"the sympathetically would "My evils rill. liquor tobacco information the and Authentic on

It is temper. lose suggest, your good of "never one your most the length throughout furnished published to and needs be and qualities."in agreeable will appreciate courtesy land. your of our breadth We

<s> request. granting our

I want to commend you, too, on your interesting book Anatole France, like other famous authors, was frequently review department. faced by an admirer with a book in his hand who expected the

With best wishes for a joyous Christmas season and a great Frenchman to remember his name and inscribe it in the happy and profitable New Year, we are, volume along with some suitable sentiment.

Sincerely yours, Whereupon France would take out his pen, open the book (s) John Rudin, to the flyleaf, and murmur politely, "My dear friend, be so

President, John Rudin 6 Co., Inc. charming as to dictate the exact way you spell your name."

Emmastad, Curacao, N.W.I. -

Editors: Dear at President shaking hands with Wilson a White A man telling of what once refrain from you more cannot persisted in relating reception a long tedious acand House I it of a source means to me; means magazine your his line of experiences personal count while long of guests a

monthly inspiration, instruction, and enlightenment. There is waited impatiently to greet the Chief Executive.

not item or subject that is not wholesome in this periodical. Suddenly the President grasped the visitor's hand, and in

for grateful having I think very be proud and Zion may well exclaimed, tone a deeply apologetic "But, my dear sir, I am.. thing publication. only I always such wonderful a. The mustn't you! I monopolizing do that!"

regret is that in the mission there are so many that do not The guest took the hint.

Era, have to English understand and to read the enough Life, 1948 July translations occasional that be given thrive on the may Press to—Adrian Anderson,—Copyrightfrom1948 Yourby The Kingsway

them. # the thanks for wish Also I should once to add more my aid Correction for publishing year, request a pen gave you by me last my pal in your issue of December 1947. I can tell you that I P\r. G. Homer Durham, author of "These Times"a monthreceived exactly fiftyone letters in response, of which forty -*-"'ly feature, and the current series appearing under the

kept *up correspondence more or less regularly. The amount general title, "The Church and Modern Society,"is professor

of pleasure, encouragement and instruction I received through and head of the Political Science Department and director of these friends, cannot be expressed in words. It is a "gift"the Institute of Government at the University of Utah. In the

for which I am deeply thankful.... January 1949 issue of The Improvement Era Dr. Durham

Sincerely, was erroneously referred to as "associate professor of history (Signed) Adrienne H. Gyr and political science."

NEVADA STAKE

INSTITUTE

The Nevada Stake recently held an institute under the auspices of the Extension Division of the Brigham Young University. Brother and Sister V/ilford D. Lee taught a course in "Understanding the Child."

The institute was held for three hours each night for one week with an attendance of about 150. It was an experiment which proved so helpful

that we pass the idea to other stakes in the Church. The photograph above shows in the front, left to right, Brother and Sister Wilford D. Lee and

the members of the stake presidency with their wives.—Submitted by Ivan Call, President

128 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

..BOOKS for EXPA NDING L IBRA RIES and for the ENRICHMENT OF LIFE

A Voice from the Dust $4.00

Vitality of Mormonism 250 Sharing the Gospel with Others 250

On the Way to Immortality and Eternal Life 3*50

Articles of Faith—missionary edition L25

. 2.75 Brigham Young at Home

The Gospel L25 Gospel Quotations 1.50

Joseph Smith, An American Prophet 3.25

Presidents of the Church 3.25

A Skeptic Discovers Mormonism L75

A Story to Tell 2.25

Sweet Love Remember'd 2.75

Documentarv Historv of the Church 2.00

Study Guide 40

We pay the postage when cash is sent with the order.

OUR BOOKS CAN BE PURCHASED FROM YOUR LOCAL BOOK DEALER.

DESERET BOOK COMPANY a\'Education lives as long as you read good books."

44 East South Temple Street Salt Lake City, Utah

SILHOUETTE OF POWER

Monument of man's ingenuity—guardian of democracy—

converter of crude into precious fluids for American industry.

By his labors man is known, and by his prudence he survives.

Store the fruits of today's toils for tomorrow's reserve—carry

adequate life insurance today—the most thoughtful heritage

you can leave your family.

00mm wmmt

si pi a m nmmmmMi RETURN POSTAGE GUARANTEED SALT LAKE CITY 1, UTAH