No jelly tastes like the kind you make yourself!

Easy! Thrifty! No failures—and only oneminute boil with Certo or SureJell!

1 **?

f

SureJell and Certo are Recipe: perfect homemade Bring to boil over high heat, Remove from heat; skim off

brands of pectin... the fruit subgrape jelly. Crush 3Vi lbs. ripe stirring constantly. At once, stir foam and pour into glasses. Parstance that causes jelling. The Concord grapes. Cover; simmer in 7 cups sugar; bring to boil affin at once. Yield: 12 medium

pectin in fruits varies—so Sure10 min. with iy2 cups water. again. Boil hard 1 min. only, stirglasses at the cost of mere penJell or Certo takes the guesswork Place in jelly bag; squeeze out ring constantly. A short boiling nies a glass! And you're sure of

out of jam and jelly making. juice. Mix 5 cups juice with 1 box time gives fresher flavor. Less perfect results with all kinds of

Recipes with package and bottle. SureJell in saucepan. (Or use juice boils away, so you get up fruits when you use powdered

Products of General Foods. liquid Certo—recipe on bottle.) to 50% higher yield! SureJell or liquid Certo!

Fl'-vq mmmmm.",.: '''tmm SWEET

sisiai riwwr-.;:ii

mfmm JUGS by Dr. Franklin S. Harris, Jr. or

Plant Distribution

There are many interesting mechanisms which plants use to insure MARMALADE their wide distribution and perpetuation. The wild oat and stork's-bill

have wedgeshaped seeds but with PURITY HAS PUT IT IN COOKIES FOR YOU!

a humidityoperated coils tail that Here is something really new—Orange Marmalade into dry a tight spring when and

uncoils when wet. The barbs on Cookies by Purity. Pure, rich, flavory orange marmalade is

the wedge permit motion in only blended right in the batter along with lots of fresh direction one which is driven by the eggs and other wonderful things. Result—supertail coiling uncoiling and with varying humidity. The squirting cuquality, superdelicious cookies like nothing

cumber ruptures when brushed by * you've ever tasted before. They takeyou

a passing animal and squirts a jet u right back to Grandma's sweetsmelling kitchen!

of sticky seeds which adhere to the animal.

(The easiest way is to pick up a

Plant Industry bag or two at your favorite grocer's—a full pound for

only 494 ).

It has been estimated that the plants over the whole earth transform annually some twenty billion tons of carbon from carbon dioxide into carbohydrate.

Rates of Interest

In the thirteenth century in England the average rate of interest charged on loans was ten percent.

In the fourteenth century it had dropped to seven or even five percent. This was not computed on an"addon"or "per month"basis freOUAUGE

quently used in instalment or personal loans which may make the interestmodern rate MARMALADE cookies paid equivalent to twenty to thirtysix percent a year. "'PURITY

PURITY BISCUIT COMPANY Salt Lake Phoenix Pocatelfo

AUGUST 1959 The Improvement Era The Voice of the Church

KK:;: III

Contents for August 1959 Volume 62, Number 8

Church Features

The Editor's Page: Home and the Strength of Youth,

President David O. McKay 582

Your Question: Did the Nephites have a Church Organization before the Official organ of the Priesthood

Days of Alma? President Joseph Fielding Smith 584 Quorums, Mutual Improvement

Associations, Ward Teachers, Music

The Grab Bag Part II: What Frontier, What Camp Meeting? Hugh Nibley.... 590 andCommittee,other agenciesDepartmentof theof Education,

The Church Moves On, 576; Melehizedek Priesthood: Priesthood and Temple Work, 602; The LatterdayChurch of Saints.Jesus Christ of

Presiding Bishopric's Page, 604.

Special Features

This Gave Me Pause, S. Dilivorth Young 587

No Guarantee Unless—Genevieve Van Wageman 593

Where Unto Shall I Liken It? Ernest Eberhard, Jr 594

Romantic and Reckless (So That's What Boys Are Made OfXII)

W. Cleon Skousen 596

Leadership Development: The Golden Touch, Sterling W. Sill 600

Mormons in the Aleutians, Bob Whittaker 609 ART AND PHOTO CREDITS

The Spoken Word from Temple Square, Richard L. Evans 608, 628, 630 Cover, Everett C. Thorpe

Max Tharpe, 572, 586 Exploring the Universe, Franklin S. Harris, Jr., 569; These Times: The New Power Politics, Church Information Service, 583

G. Homer Durham, 572; Letters and Reports, 574. DaleAlvin Kilbourn,Gittins, 588586, 600

Dave Burton, 591 Today's Family: Florence B. Pinnock JohnDale Bryner,Davenport,593 595

Ernst Wittke, 595, 602 Hot DaysCold Desserts! 622 H.Era ArmstrongStaff, 622,Roberts,625 597

On Being a Lady 625

The Last Word 632

Stories, Poetry

Aunt Jody, Albert R. Lyman 588

Poetry 578, 580, 592, 606, 607

The Improvement Era Offices, 50 North Main Street, Salt Lake City 11, Utah

Richard David O. McKayEditor;and Production Albert L. Zobell,L. Evans,Jr., ResearchEditors; DoyleEditor;L.JohnCreen,G. Kinneab,ManagingEditorialEditor; Associate;Marba C. FlorenceJosephson,B.AssociatePinnock, ManagingToday's FamilyEditor;Editor;ElizabethRalphJ. ReynoldsMoffttt,

Directors. Art and Maryon, Ed

S. Contributing Editors. Franklin B. Sperry, Nibley, Harris, Jr., Sh>ney F. Bennett, Archibald R. Hunter, Milton G. Durham, Hugh Homer COVER: THE

Associate Business Snarr, Subscription General General T. Manager; Manager; Scott, Bertha S. Reeder, A. Glen Bentley, Manager; Verl F. of the Director; In commemoration Representative. Advertising Regional Evans, JosephThayer

in the of the Gulls Miracle spring Everett C. of 1848

Saints. rights All Inc., of Latterday of of Associations Christ the published 1959 Funds, Copyright Jesus and by Mutual by the Mutual Improvement Church from commission Thorpe, by

issues. special price, for year, single subscriptions, reserved. foreign in copy, Subscription except 25c in advance; advance; a year, $2.50 $3.00 a Era, painted Improvement The section in at for Office, provided Act of 1103. the Post at for mailing Salt postage rate special City, matter. Entered as secondclass Lake Acceptance Utah this stirring symbolic of 1918. 2, 1917, October authorized July

tribute. of at is the rate for for acceptance Vbc contributions. unsolicited are responsible paid manuscripts Manuscripts Era not on Improvement but The welcomes

a word and must be accompanied by sufficient postage for delivery and return.

days'Thirty changes cannot noticebe madeis requiredunless forthe changeold addressof address.as well asWhenthe neworderingone isa included.change, please include address slip from a recent issue of the magazine. Address COVERBY DESERETLITHOGRAPHEDNEWS PRESSIN FULL COLOR

570 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA A

HETHAT

1 V Hi I O

me"f for 4,tlmultinq n, d ofher ond f0ly so/,dQr*"d'"97 '.95

IXryle I*<

HE THAT LIVETH

Doyle L. Green

An artistic masterpiece on the life and mission of our Savior, written for both young and mature readers. An excellent family book,

beautifully illustrated with ten fullcolor, fullpage reproductions of paintings by famous Danish artist, Carl Henrik Bloch. $3.25

to. DQSGCGtiUBooh

44 El South Temple -'Sill lake Lily. Utah

Deseret Book Company 44 East South Temple Salt Lake City, Utah o- Gentlemen: GO?fcrA. si

) will Enclosed find check you ( s tub, f ) I ac- ( order ( m ) money have an 'Wonderful W"", count. encircled Please for ano charge a of essoys,,te (numbered) books: ng d, poemsP col ou,s and 1 Th 2 3 h he rich or as tes t leader fovon nreo $.. enclosed Amount ys,! Could contains Name He So Bud,A Fj Blew and Address "How to;

City Zone.... State sCveo Residents of Utah include 21/2%

sales tax. All L.D.S. Books post paid. bam. *<

AUCUST 1959 a few steps from the These Times TEMPLE GROUNDS...

... and your car is

parked but a few steps from your room. The New

Every comfort and convenience Power Politics Free radio and television by G. Homer Durham

Reasonable rates Vice President, University of Utah

Inviting swimming pool (during summer season) The new power politics may be edge is power also to improve the summed up in the simple words of condition of man in society.

Familystyle Francis Bacon: "Knowledge is Two tremendous considerations

university and the confront men Or, as General N. Omar "Crossroads"restaurant power."university of today: central Bradley expressed it: "The (1) The women

problem of our time is how to emis the first line of defense along with

Next time you drive to Salt ploy human intelligence for the salthe armed services and war industry;

Lake, be sure to plan the vation of mankind."(2) the university is also a means

extra pleasure of staying at Education is becoming more and whereby humane goals, and aspirathe more a concern in the quest for nations bevond defense, whatever those tional power. Winston Churchill in aspirations are, may be realized.

appealing for funds ( 1958 ) to estabIn his Law of Civilization and lish a new "Churchill College"at Decay, Brooks Adams laid down a

Cambridge said: "It is our duty to brilliant hypothesis. When offensive

master and conscript all the native weapons exceed in scope and power ingenuity with which God blessed the ability to dominate defensive and endowed us. We must provide weapons, society centralizes. Arnold

technological education as high as Toynbee opines that the world is any that exists. We must be conbeing gradually unified, and has

tent with nothing but the best."been so doing since about 1500.

But our concern is more than techni- "Practical"knowledge plays a promical advantage. nent role in this development. At

HOTEL UTAH The new power politics goes bethe end of the fifteenth century, the yond the consideration that knowlastrolabe, the mariner's compass, is projection to were produce, defend, and Mercator's power MOTOR LODGE edgeseize, or destroy, on page maintain. (Continued 578) Knowlavailable.

Max Carpenter, Mgr.

572THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Thayer D. Evans and the Evans Quartet practicing in the Sons of the Utah Pioneers'Museum.

Postum is the natural wholegrain drink that warms the heart

Have a cup of friendship... have a cup of Postum. So many ''f<0 SB**

talented people do. Postum is made from wholegrain cereals,

slowroasted to bring out a rich, satisfying flavor. It's hearty,

healthful, hospitable.

Postum is 100% coffeefree, contains no caffein or other artificial stimulants. Ready in an instant, it's always welcome. Make sure you always have Postum on hand. m*

100% coffeefree Another fine product of General Foods

AUGUST 1959 573

Letters and NEW HUSHTONE* CEILING TILE Reports by CELOTEX

Cuts down on noise as well as decorates.

Easy to apply, quick too. See these other

fine CELOTEX products for Farm, Home and

Industry.

Scouts of Troop Tile Ceiling 206, Gardena Ward, Insulation ( CaliforRedondo Building Board

Insulative Sheathing nia ) Stake, pose with Woodsman Axe AVAILABLE AT award for the greatest number of

YOUR LOCAL LUMBER troopawardsandgiventhe Sheepto the

DEALER theskin troopaward withfor beingthe

DISTRIBUTED BY greatest number in

MORRISONMERRILL & CO. attendance at the

Scout Court of Honor held January 23, 1959. Twelve wards

participated in the Court of Honor.

Reading left to right are ( back row Charles Brewer, scoutmaster; Nephi Peterson, Ronald Wood, and Willfried

Draper; Reldon Pinney, Gardena Ward Gassner. (First row) Randy Tyler,

Erich Darrell Anderson; bishop; Becker; Michael Miller, Daniel York, Tom Brewer,

assistant scoutmaster. and Dell Wood,

( Second row ) Neil De Scala, Miles Hawes, John May, and Joe Kingswald. (Kneeling)

Edward Bridge, Dean Larson, Steven Gary Wood, junior assistant scoutmaster.-

HARD OF

SendHEARINGfor your Free cardboard replica of the powerful New Telex Behindthe-Ear today! Try it on for size in your own home

see how comfortably it fits behind your ear.

are have a If you thefriend with poor hearing—orclip and mail hardhearing—of

coupon today. Your free replica of this new

Telex hearing aid will be sent to you by return mail.

Fiftysix of the sixty Mia Maids enrolled Accompanying photograph of the girls in the College Ward, Auckland ( New was taken in the lounge of the David in their roseStake participated O. McKay building on the Church colleger—-—Zealand)tying. Eightythree of campus. percent them had

TELEX, Telex Park, St. Paul 1, Minn. Dept. 089 seventyfive awards, their individual and

Please ) the ( in insert Boyack, Pictured is Susan awards. send me information and a free replica of this percent Mia The had their Joy

Telex. new first Silver award Gleaner of Sister girl to obtain direction her the under girls worked

Name Wanliss, Sister Wiser, and Sister Metcalf. in the Auckland (New Zealand) Stake.

Address City State 574 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Four sons of Mr.

and Mrs. Leo Pettey, Garden Heights

Ward, Canyon Rim (Salt Lake) Stake, received their Individual Aaronic

Priesthood awards this spring with one hundred percentseals attached for 2AB/ perfect attendance. Pictured left to right

(hack row) Jax, 16; Dix, 18; (front row)

Bryce, 13; and Van, 15.

Dix has served as president of the deacons'quorum, Jax as president of the teachers'quorum, Van as president of the deacons'quorum, and Bryce as first counselor in the deacons'quorum.

In addition to their Church activities all four brothers are "A"students at school. Dix placed seventh in the state

of Utah in a mathematics examination and was a finalist in the National MeritScholarship Contest. RELIGIOUS

The brothers are all active in baseball, basketball, volleyball, and football. Vanand Jax played on a team which went to TRUTHS DEFINED

the divisional quarterfinals in 1959. By Joseph Fielding Smith, Jr.

Here is a marvelous work for everyone in the Church.

The author tells in a plain and interesting manner the viewpoints of many religious faiths, comparing them with biblical teachings and revealed doctrine to clearly show the mind and will of the Lord.

Covers dozens and dozens of vital doctrinal points.

price $3.95

Pictured above is the LDS group from a destroyer (DD782), the USS Rowan SET OF THE currently Five of Destroyer unit Squadron operating with the Seventh Fleet in the

A. to right: William East. Left Far SimpAIL Barnson, Palmer son, William G. Elder

Black, Douglas D. Gerstner, and Gordon By Emma Marr Petersen

Wood. W. will teenagers of Parents are they in small number Although into novel exciting this

faith in chalked strong have up and storyteller has master a welcometheir homes. A attendance percent one record hundred

intrigue and romance woven total the of fifty for percent account and of Church explanation clear into a on held meetings attendance by and LDS moral, strong a teaches doctrine which Pacific of the cruisers destroyers and board sister traveling his and boy A Fleet.

provide crowd the with wrong fascinating reading.

Northridgc, California price $2.25

I am enclosing our address slip from our most recent Era and would like to request of address. a change

... and the way,... it's a real joy to Order by mail or thru your nearest Bookcraft Dealer by

get the Era. We even wait for it to come.

The new effort and consequent improvement make it a magazine we really want in the house and not just a magazine we should have in the house... especially

the May issue. Thanks again. BOOKCRAFTPUBLISHERS TO THE L.D.S. TRADE

Sincerely, Mrs. Robert K. Stitt m

1186 SOUTH MAIN HU 7-7488

AUGUST 1959 575 YOUR SALT LAKE OPTICAL HEADQUARTERS

EYEGLASSES The Church CONTACT LENSES ARTIFICIAL EYES HEARING AIDS Moves On 3 LOCATIONS... June 1959

The East Idaho Falls Stake formed from portions of Idaho Falls

Stake with Elder Charles P. Brizzee, formerly president of

functioning in the Church. His counselors are Elders Erwin OPTICAL SHOP Idaho Falls Stake, as president of this, the 285th unit now

Wirkus and Riley Westergard. Wards are Idaho Falls Twenty420 Boston Bldg. fourth, Idaho Falls Twentyfifth, Iona, Iona Second, and Lincoln.

368 East First South Elder Paul W. Ahlstrom, formerly first counselor in Idaho Falls

1062 East 2100 South Stake, sustained as stake president, with Elder Hal R. Johnson,

formerly second counselor, sustained as first counselor, and Elder

EM 3-5262 Edgar J. Mason sustained as second counselor. Wards in this stake

Salt Lake City, Utah are Idaho Falls Second, Idaho Falls Fifth, Idaho Falls Ninth, Idaho

Falls Fourteenth, Idaho Falls Sixteenth, Idaho Falls Twentieth, and Idaho Falls Twentyfirst. Elder George Q. Morris of the

Council of the Twelve and Elder Henry D. Taylor, Assistant to

the Council of the Twelve, were in charge of these changes.

Elder Marlon S. Bateman sustained as president of Sandy

S<ona tons selors(Utah)sustainedStake, succeedingare Elders PresidentJames I. HardcastleStanley A. andRasmussen.Max A. CounMum-

ford. Elders Bateman and Mumford served as counselors to

jror Cveru l y<ccadlon President Rasmussen.

FAMOUS THE WORLD SONGS workworkshop, roadshow drama camp institute, YWMIA 1.75 A OVER Gleaner shop, Master roadshows, and a M ManGolden 2.00 52 SACRED SONGS

56 SONGS YOU LIKE TO SING 1.50 banquet were preconference events preceding June conIRELAND IN SONG 1.95 ference of the MIA.

SCOTLAND IN SONG 1.95

SONGS EVERYBODY SINGSBond 2.00 President David O. McKay announced the reorganization of

SONGS OF THE GAY 90'S 1.95 the First Presidency with President J. Reuben Clark, Jr., as

WEDDING BOUQUET OF SONGS first counselor, and President Henry D. Moyle as second

HIGH OR LOW ea. 2.00 counselor. President Moyle was called today from his position

WORLD'S BEST FOLK SONGS in the Council of the Twelve.

1.95 BALLADS AND

WORLD'S BEST SACRED SONGS 1.95 The sixtieth annual conference of the Young Men's and Young

WORLD'S BEST WEDDING Women's Mutual Improvement Associations opened this morning on

SONGS 1.95 Temple Square, with a reception between 7:30 and 9:30. Two

WORLD FAMOUS SONGS 1.50 general sessions were held in the Tabernacle. In the evening

MUSIC SENT ON APPROVAL dance and drama festivals were held.

Use this advertisement as your order blank

15 E. DAYNES CO., MUSIC 1st South the that beginning this September announced It was MIA

Salt 11, City Lake Utah year. (It has a Septemberto-September been have Please the send music indicated above. would

On Approval Charge a yearround program for many years.) Also beginning in

Money Enclosed September 1959, Mutual time is 6:45 p.m. for executives and secreName taries, 7:00 prayer meeting for all officers and teachers; opening

Address exercises will begin at 7:15; classwork from 7:30 to 8:20, when an

City & State activity period will begin under the direction of activity leaders.

These periods include activities in drama, dance, speech, music,

Daunes Music sports,MIAandconferenceathletics. todayDismissalwas willdevotedbe atto8:55departmentalp.m. sessions.

15 E. 1st So.

145 NORTH UNIVERSITY. PR0V0 < Salt Lake City 11, Utah

576 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

A Conoco tire check keeps you feeling safer, more confident behind the wheel.

Put your carand your cares in CONOCO'S hands

Yes, your cares are our concern. That's why your Conoco Dealer so quickly

and carefully checks tires, battery, radiator, and makes your windshield sparkle. Everything's checked (if you have the time), nothing is left

to chance. You feel careFREE when you start your car..

the way your Conoco Dealer wants you to feel. Why don't you

join the thousands who are coming to Conoco every day to get the Hottest Brand Going! **

HOTTEST BRAND GOING...CONOCO!

1959. Continental Oil Company

CONTINENTAL OIL COMPANY AUGUST 1959 577

Henceforth the Junior M Men and Junior Gleaner departments of MIA will be known as Ensigns and Laurels.

Also, the Special Interest department has been divided and the old name dropped. The younger new group will be known

as the Mutual Marrieds, and will have as its membership those young married people who have been going to the M Man and

Gleaner classes. The other new group will be for "older"Mutual

people and it will be the Mutual Study department.

The MIA dance and drama festivals were repeated this evening.

So good for babies "Fit to Live"was the subject of the address given by Elder

Hugh B. Brown of the Council of the Twelve on the "Church

...that Special of the Air"program of the Columbia Broadcasting Company's

radio network.

Morning Milk day ofThethemorningMIA Junegeneralconferencesessionwasof this,held thein thethirdTabernacleand concludingunder the direction of the First Presidency. (Continued on page 606)

So easy to digest, Special Morning

Milk is the only evaporated milk especially developed for babies... HE KNOWS

the only evaporated milk with extra Vitamins A and D added in by Elizabeth Mobry the amount doctors believe best to Christ understood a woman's workhelp promote sound bones and Mending, sweeping, baking bread.

teeth and build resistance to The little home in Nazareth disease. Still lives in many things he said.

He understands my weariness, Ask your doctor about Special The children, and the household cares.

Morning Milk for your baby! When all the house is still at last,

Lord, bless a mother's sleepy prayers.

These Times city, firepower by land, air, sea, or under the sea, became important.

(Continued) Any navigator could Portentous demonstration of the efcr- ficacy straight a of brainpower made. was then draw The line on a M

2 straightedge also formula eator "equaled"beThat map. E = MC

came a "great circle"on the globe military victory.

—the shortest distance between two The new power politics must be

points on a sphere. Thereafter, the more than the creative ability of

men with that knowledge, in Westscientists and engineers to develop ern Europe, explored and expanded ICBM's, solid fuels for space rockets, all over the face of the earth. Do we free radicals for space flight, or nonunderstand the role that behavioral Euclidean geometry applied to reknowledge also plays in this cenproducing a moon orbit; more than

tralizing world? It is easier to the ability to replace the H-bomb

govern the world today, from the with the C-bomb (cobalt) or an X- practical standpoints of public adbomb or an X n-bomb; or to outministration, than it was to govern sputnik the Russians. (However,

the Nile Valley when the first great this is where we will probably spend empire states appeared. most of the money, continuing the

WATER free,Willor theas aworldtyrannicallybe governedcontrolledas a politics.behavior pattern of the old power

HEATER society? The new power politics for us

The old power politics emphasized must also be the power of creating the role of strategic territory, its effective generalizations about the

LIVE BETTER position,wealth anditsphysicalcapacitystrength.to produce tionslife andanddestinyhis behavior;of man; knowledgehis aspiraELECTRICALLY powerFrompolitics.total warOthercameconsiderationsthe new whether,of acculturation;or where, knowledgeand when, ofa

with FULL than position, fecundity, food supPlatonic or a Gresham's law of ideas ply, economic strength, armscapa- prevails. These are among the chalHOUSEPOWER

UTAH POWER & LIGHT CO.

578 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA... It's time forWhen you get that Hollow Feeling

NABISCO Sugar Honey Grahams

Sweet enough... flavored just right for adults'and children's tastes alike. Wonderfully light won't spoil

appetites. Baked with pure, fresh honey and rich graham flour. Scored so they snap right in half for easy

eating. Wrapped in 3 InEr-Seal wax packets to keep 'em fresh and crisp, national biscuit company

AUGUST 1959 579 lenging elements of the new power only the French, German, and Spanlitical reality that knowledge is politics which guardians of universiish of our own Latinic western power. Many American students, I

ties have to consider. Christendom. Fewer and fewer generally observe, do not take ed-

A statement in February 1958, students seem each year to study ucation altogether seriously until entitled National Support for Beeven these. they enter the graduate professional

havioral Science, from fifteen disIn 1947, Everett Dirksen, then a school. One in four American high

tinguished Americans reminds us member of the House of Representaschool graduates this spring will that "the present situation facing tives from Illinois, caused to be pubhave had one year of physics. Those

our country calls for an evaluation lished a Congressional Library study one in four graduates of the Russian of the role and potential contribuentitled Communism in Action. This tenyear school will have completed

tion of behavioral science,"and study reported that the Soviets were five or six, and so on with chemistry, "provision of increased funds for spending eight percent of their namathematics, and biological science.

behavioral science research, traintional income on education comWe may expect a tremendous exploing, and facilities...."Continues pared with three percent in this sion of ideas, of research and inventhis significant document: country. Our total sum was, naturtion, from these people in the next

"Russia at present lags behind the ally, much bigger. But their effort ten years. Of course, all work and

West—particularly the United States no play will make Ivan a dull, and

—in the biological, psychological, maybe a more dangerous, boy, suband social sectors of behavioral sciject to state controls. We must not

ence. biological medical and The THOUGHTS IN THE SACRED discardadjustment"lightlycourses,our "democraticbut realizelifesciences in general not have been

prosecuted in Russia with the zeal GROVE from them additional powerful of some of the other natural sciences. knowledge for a humane world soMarxist doctrine has held back the by Sylvia Probst Young ciety.

social sciences, to the adherence and an has demonstrated Education golden gently morning comes—a How It doctrines has individuals. retardedPavlovian to change trace power sunlight, whisper of a breeze and the Of

much neurophysiology and psycholHere in this woodland temple where the makes them physically and economogy. trees ically more effective and productive.

his to I sense arm's Lift cool God, of role conviction the "The democratic the power alone enhances grace This this hallowed is a word, no speak in soAnddignity his role individuals of man and of a society. Can it make place—

ciety is a point of view that stimuMy thoughts are of a boy one springmore productive in the arts of comlates development of behavioral warmed day, munication, obtaining agreement, science. Concern for the individual Who came into these sheltered woods to enforcing responsibility, in maintaintraditionallyhas set problems the "science and of law schemes kneeling here he looked upon God's ing for And pray,

politicsphilosophers, statesmen, and spiritpower of peace"? The new face

ual* leaders. Human behavior repembraces both tasks. Universities

faith let that for rejoice heart O, my ofresents intermingling place, a complex central not their take stood now prisons of despair, darkest the Against considerations, physical the laymoral and which geese as the only beautiful, good, the of life—the way A

is of region an important as producers theand there eggs, but golden truth, gospel of restoration the For overlap between behavioral science The answer to a humble spoken prayer—of the men who can help adjust the

and the humanities, particularly hisAnd sacrifice, so Christlike in a youth. farm problem, the labor problem,

tory, languages, literature, philosthe recession problem, the mining ophy, and religion. The sciences of problems, and the international

man often build on and clarify the problems—so far as these problems

wisdom of the humanities, and atwas two and onehalf times greater! yield to search and inquiry for the

tempt to formulate and test precise In 1955 William Benton returned truth.

laws."1 from Russia and told the Association Knowledge is power. The new

Here, then, is an additional opfor Higher Education that the threat power politics incorporate and recogportunity without neglecting the of Soviet education was more ominize this fact. The issue is a free

physics and the mathematics. nous than the H-bomb. The graduworld and the freedom route toward

The Russians know something ate of the Soviet tenyear school, if salvation for mankind. Education

about the new power politics, espeand when successful, completes a for power alone, without freedom, in relates to than years tencially as curriculum the tougher knowledge unquest for human or without the years. in sixteen universe. theyphysical Moreover, do many Americans the only produce 2 derstanding, may

appear to be preparing to communiIn the fifth grade, at about age works of slavery and death. The

cate their ideas to us in our own twelve, forty percent of them begin challenge of the new power politics language. Eight million of them, the study of English, forty percent is to put knowledge to work in free

this year, are studying English. Five German, and the remainder French, and diversified ways for free and

thousand in this country, 1,600 times Spanish, or Latin; also physics and improved societies of men.

fewer, are studying Russian. Only science, continuing them for six

a few universities and colleges in this years before entering the universi- 'See National Support for Behavioral Science, country are prepared to teach the ties. In the universities sixtyfive Dr. James G. Miller, Chairman, Director of the

languages that will permit Ameripercent of all students study English, MentalMichiganHealth(publishedResearchat RoomInstitute,216,University1025 Conof cans to "cross"cultures: Arabic, whereby they can quickly unlock the necticut Avenue, N. W., Washington 6, D. C,

Russian, Urdu, Chinese, Hindustani, doors to our knowledge. 24 2However,pp., 1958).less than one in four Russians

and Indonesian. Generally we offer The Russians understand the pocomplete, successfully, the tenyear school.

580 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

FRESH... FROZEN... OR CANNED

MAKES 'EM "PEACHY KEEN"

Each sparkling crystal of U and I Sugar is sixway quality tested 01 to bring out the natural, sweet flavor of everything it touches..

especially fruit. Pure U and I Sugar makes peaches more "peachy"—

keener in flavor, texture and appearance. No matter how

you serve them—canned, frozen or fresh - - U and I Sugar makes 'em

"peachykeen."Try it... you'll see what we mean.

Get an extra supply of pure U and I: Powdered, Brown, Fine Granulated,

5 lb*. and Superfine Dessert. Available at your grocers in 5, 10, and

25 pound bags or handy 1 -pound cartons. For all good eating...

there's no better buy than U and I. gj4

SUGAR

AUGUST 1959 581.

Sometime ago I had great pleasure in training a wellbred colt.

Editor's Page

.. Home and the strength ofyouth

by President David O. McKay

Youth! Young men and young women facing their smooth wire, he would paw the wire carefully with

eternal destiny! What can we do to make them his feet until he could step over to freedom. More

happy? What can we say and do to make them than once my neighbors were kind enough to put

worthy citizens of the earth, faithful members of the him back into the field. He learned even to push

Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints? open the gate. Though his depredations were proWe train by thoughts. There is no one great thing voking and sometimes expensive, I admired his inwhich we can give a child which will determine his telligence and integrity.

future any more than there was any one great thing But his curiosity and desire to explore the neighwhich the rich young ruler could do to obtain eternal borhood led him and me into trouble. Once on the

life, but there are many little things. As a child highway he was hit by an automobile, resulting in a

grows physically by eating regularly at intervals, so demolished machine, injury to the horse, and slight, character is built by little things, by daily contacts, though not serious, injury to the driver.

by an influence here and a fact or truth there. Recovering from that, and still impelled with a

Sometime ago I had great pleasure in training feeling of wanderlust, he inspected the fence through- a wellbred colt. He had a good disposition, clean, out the entire boundary. He even found the gate

wellrounded eye, was wellproportioned, and all in wired. So, for a while we thought we had Dandy

all, a choice equine possession. Under the saddle he secure in the pasture.

was as willing, responsive, and cooperative as a horse One day, however, somebody left the gate unwired.

could be. He and my dog Scotty were real comDetecting this, Dandy unlatched it, took Nig, his

panions. I liked the way he would go up to something companion, with him, and together they visited the

of which he was afraid. He had confidence that if neighbor's field. They went to an old house used for

he would do just as I bade him he would not be storage. Dandy's curiosity prompted him to push

injured. open the door. Just as he surmised, there was a sack

But Dandy resented restraint. He was illcon- of grain. What a find! Yes, and what a tragedy!

tented when tied and would nibble at the tie rope The grain was poisoned bait for rodents! In a few

until he was free. He would not run away; he just minutes Dandy and Nig were in spasmodic pain, and

wanted to be free. Thinking that other horses felt shortly both were dead.

the same way, he would proceed to untie their ropes. How like Dandy are many of our youth! They

He hated to be confined in the pasture, and if he are not bad; they do not even intend to do wrong,

could find a place in the fence where there was only but they are impulsive, full of life, full of curiosity,

and long to do something. Tbey, too, are restive under Unhappiness in the child's life, as in the adult

restraint, but if kept busy, guided carefully and rightly, life, springs largely from nonconformity to natural they prove to be responsive and capable; but if left and social laws. The home is the best place in which

to wander unguided, they all too frequently find to develop obedience, which nature and society will themselves in the environment of temptation and too later demand.

often are entangled in the snares of evil. So many of our youth today like to break away from

To change men and nations, we must change and conventions. They think their parents are olddirect their way of thinking. "Train up a child in the fashioned. What a great lesson to learn that you

way he should go:..."(Proverbs 22:6.) That is are perfectly free to do as you please so long as you

our duty. The home is the most potential influence do not please to trespass upon the rights of others.

in this training. Sunday Schools, Mutuals, Primaries, I believe that the best time for the child to learn

Relief Societies are only supplemental. No social, these rules of conformity is between the ages of three

educational, or service group could effectively supand five. If the parents do not get control of the child

plant the home as an effective force in making during those ages, they will find great difficulty in men out of boys and women out of girls. getting control later. It seems to me, then, easy to

No man, woman, or child is happy in doing wrong. understand how the home contributes to the happiness

Nature herself teaches us that our actions are bound of the child, first, by teaching obedience. I do not

within certain limits. But, as Dandy, we want to mean to push and drag or confine—just let the small

break away from those limits and go to the dangers child be perfectly free to develop until he goes beyond beyond them, and our young men and young women the bounds of safety. Then let him feel the gentle

should sense that. Growth and happiness are found but firm hand of restraint.

within certain restricted areas beyond which lie I feel that the first contribution of the home to the dangerous and injurious indulgences. There is happiness of the child is to impress him with the fact

pleasure and health in eating; but pain and sickness that there are bounds beyond which he cannot go with

in gormandizing. There is pleasure in moderate exersafety; second, to teach him to be considerate of the

cise; pain in excessive exertion. In all things, nature rights of others; third, to have him feel that home is

says, "thus far shalt thou go and no farther."a place where confidences and consolations are exThe home is the best place in the world to teach changed; and fourth, to have him cherish the thought

the child selfrestraint, to give him happiness in that home is a haven of seclusion and rest from the selfcontrol, and respect for the rights of others. worries and perplexities of life.

AUGUST 1959 583 DID THE NEPHITES HAVE A CHURCH ORGANIZATION

Question: course of time, under King Noah, they became very

"In our lesson this week we came upon the question wicked. It was at this time that the prophet Abinadi

which follows: 'Are we necessarily obliged to conwas murdered, and Alma, having accepted the teachclude that the Nephites had no church organization ings of Abinadi, gathered around him all who were

before Alma's time? See Mosiah 18:1718 and 23:16willing to keep the commandments of the Lord, and

17.'"doing so he brought upon himself and his followers

the wrath of the wicked king, and they had to flee from their homes into the wilderness, with the inAnswer: tention of making their way back to the land of

To get this matter clearly before us let us quote Zarahemla. The story of their flight, suffering, and

the passage in question: blessings from the hand of the Lord were recorded

"And they were called the church of God, or the in the book of Mosiah. While in the wilderness Alma

church of Christ, from that time forward. And it organized his group of believers into a branch of the

came to pass that whosoever was baptized by the church and is spoken of as their founder. The main

power and authority of God was added to his church. body of the Nephites, under the second King Mosiah,

"And it came to pass that Alma, having authority was still intact in the land of Zarahemla. The reffrom God, ordained priests; even one priest to every erence stating that Alma was the founder of their

fifty of their number did he ordain to preach unto church has reference only to the refugees who were them, and to teach them concerning the things perfleeing from the land of the Nephites'first inheritance.

taining to the kingdom of God."(Mosiah 18:1718.) In course of time they found their way back to the

"And now, Alma was their high priest, he being main body of the Church and Alma was consecrated the founder of their church. as the high priest over the church in all of the lands

"And it came to pass that none received authority occupied by the Nephites. When we have the comto preach or to teach except it were by him from plete picture before us, it is plain to see that Alma

God. Therefore he consecrated all their priests and did a great service in rescuing and organizing the

all their teachers; and none were consecrated except refugees who came with him out of the land of

they were just men."(Ibid., 23:1619.) LehiNephi.

There is always danger in isolating passages from The colony lead by Lehi out of Jerusalem, was their context; or in failing to take into account all part of the Church of Jesus Christ. From the day of

the factors of the historical setting. It should be reAdam to the present day, whenever the people obeyed

membered that Alma had been one of the priests of the commandments of the Lord, there was the Church,

King Noah in the land of LehiNephi. It should also and people came into it by obeying the same ordibe taken into consideration that the colony in that nances which are practised today. The missionary

land separated themselves from the main body of who went to a foreign land and by divine authority the Church in Zarahemla. In the days of Amaleki, baptized a man, that man became a member of the

who kept the Nephite record, a company of Nephites Church of Jesus Christ. That was true in the days

under Zeniff desired to occupy the land which was of Abraham, Moses, Elijah, and John the Baptist. It

first settled by the Nephites, 1 and entered into an does not require a complete organization consisting agreement with the Lamanites to possess that land. of a branch, ward, and stake to constitute the Church

There they established an independent kingdom of Jesus Christ. Wherever a person is legally bapwhich they possessed for many years, however in tized, there is the Church, or by right of that baptism,

constant war and bondage to the Lamanites. In he becomes a member of it. The kingdom of God

]Omni 2730. Mosiah 9. and the Church are synonymous terms. The Prophet

584 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

BEFORE THE DAYS OF ALMA?

Joseph Smith has made this clear in the following words "Some say the kingdom of God was not set up on the earth until the day of Pentecost, and that John [the Baptist] did not preach the baptism of repentance for the remission of sins; but I say, in the name

of the Lord, that the kingdom of God was set up on the earth from the days of Adam to the present time. Whenever there has been a righteous man on earth unto whom God revealed his word and gave till

power and authority to administer in his name, and where there is a priest of God—a minister who has

power and authority from God to administer in the ordinances of the gospel and officiate in the priesthood of God, there is the kingdom of God; and, in

consequence of rejecting the gospel of Jesus Christ and the prophets whom God hath sent, the judgments of God have rested upon people, cities, and nations, in various ages of the world, which was the case with the cities of Sodom and Gomorrah, that were destroyed for rejecting the prophets."2.

From the Book of Mormon we learn that the >pti Fie ordinance of baptism for the remission of sins was imc practised by the Nephites from the beginning. While

confirmation is not stated, nevertheless the members were confirmed, for there is an abundance of evidence of the gift of the Holy Ghost. Jacob has given

us a most definite statement in the following words:

"And he commandeth all men that they must repent, and be baptized in his name, having perfect faith in the Holy One of Israel, or they cannot be saved in the kingdom of God.

"And if they will not repent and believe in his name, and be baptized in his name, and endure to the end, they must be damned; for the Lord God, the

Holy One of Israel, has spoken it."3

If they were baptized and had the gift of the Holy

Ghost in the days of Lehi, then they had a church organization, which endured all through the Nephite history, notwithstanding the constant apostasies that occurred among them.

2Teachings of the Prophet Joseph Smith, p. 271.

32 Nephi 9:2324.

AUGUST 1959 585 This gave me pause

by President S. Dilworth Young

of the First Council of the Seventy

Is there a Latterday Saint who, making a child feel unwanted, assumes that he will stand in the presence of the Lord to dwell with him forever?

Yesterday I received a letter from an old and valued on a mission. Father did not want to send me; he

friend. He has a speech impediment. He stammers. wanted to send my brother—he could talk better

He has been the butt of jokes and ridicule behind than I. But the bishop did not want my brother, he

his back—occasionally to his face. He has never wanted me. No one will know of the torture and

allowed it to affect him so far as people were allowed heartache I went through on that mission. After

to see, but—my mission I saved up some money. Again I went

Anyhow, here is the letter: back to school. My money ran out, and I had to come

"For years I have been going to ask you to write an home. I couldn't stay long enough to gain any

article to parents. How parents try to make a child benefit. My parents raved and ranted, It was a waste

be what the child cannot or does not want to be. of money.'

"Up until I was sevenyears-old I talked as well "But it was not wasted. Our youngest boy was

as anyone. My father was called on a mission to slow to learn. He started to stammer. I knew how

England when I was five. Mother started me in to handle him and the rest of the family. The stamschool when I was six. All went well the first year. mering lasted but a very short time. He is now a

Father came home just after I started the second year very good craftsman in mechanical arts.

in school. My brother just older than I by seven "My personal love has always been forestry. My

years was an A-f- student, skipped two grades in parents would not let me be a forest ranger, 'You school. I was slow to learn. can't; you stutter,'is all I could get from them.

"In the first place I was an unwanted child. My "Do not answer this letter—please just write the

father always referred to me as a 'catch colt.'A catch article."

colt is a colt that is not wanted. It is of inferior All of us are more or less blind. Blind to the aspiraquality. tions of our friends, blind to their hurts, blind that

"Father had been a schoolteacher, so he set out we unconsciously snub them. I have never taken

to make me a student like my brother. I could not the time to find out the reasons for the tragic diffiread fast. I was fortyfour years old before I disculty which he has carried. Feeling sorry, yes, but

covered the reason for this. All those years I saw not helping. Now I ask:

two words where there should be one, and I had to Do parents discover what a slow child is thinking?

focus my eyes until the words merged. This would Do they suppose he aspires? Or do they feel that

take a second or two. Father was not a patient man, afflictions, not apparent as to cause, come from the

so he would scold me and often give me a slap. Then Lord as a punishment to the individual? Can there

I started to stammer just a little. My parents made be damage not so apparent in the "quick"child if

a big thing out of it. I can hear my mother now: he is not properly understood? Do you know how

'You will be just like Uncle Joe,'and she would scold. an unwanted child feels? Is there a Latterday Saint

The harder I tried not to stutter and stammer, the who, making a child feel unwanted, assumes that he more I did—and the more they would scold and will stand in the presence of the Lord to dwell with

deride me. him forever?

"My marks in school were very poor. My folks Can a father come home at night to a family of

would remind me how well my brother did in school. children, and in the only time available to him to

I was never to forget that I stammered; they saw to influence them, bury himself in a newspaper or in a

that. television show? What is the most important thing

"When I was about twentyone, I had saved up in this life to a man? If it isn't the wellbeing of his

enough money to study speech in an eastern city. children and his family, what could it be else?

After many weeks I came home. My parents expected If the gospel teaches anything, it teaches that the

me to be talking perfectly. Yet the teachers there rock bottom fundamentals of our faith, so far as our

had told us, 'You have only learned how to control success in this life goes, are the proper connections your speech.'with our families and the proper teaching of our

"Then the bishopric came to see me about going children.

AUGUST 1959 587 by Albert R. Lyman

It was impossible for Aunt Jody's family to start with the first company in the fall of 1879. They must convert their belongings

into teams, wagons, and other equipment, and such livestock as they could take with them. A call from the Church to its people

was a call for the people to find a way or make a way to fill that call. It was taken

for granted that people with a testimony of the gospel would be ready to place their all on the altar for the sake of their salvation.

Tens of thousands of men and women had gone promptly as missionaries to foreign countries, or as settlers to new frontiers, or as beginners in many new fields at their own expense. The Woods were exactly the kind

for which the Church was looking; the kind

that could be relied upon to respond.

In the three years while they were making their preparation to go with the next company, two little girls were born to them, the first one, Mary Ann, to die at the age of five

588 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA months; the second one, Sarah Jane, to be making a of the weariness, the frustration, and the anguish it

rather precarious survival at the time of their deentails. With my vivid recollection of traveling

parture. hundreds of miles in this same primitive way, and

They realized little from the sale of their land and much of it through the same country and on the same improvements in Cedar. In telling about it with road, in heat and cold and storm, in hunger and thirst,

goodnatured banter, Josephine said, "Sam traded the with broken wagons, lost or exhausted animals, with home and the land for teams and wagons and a few floods and rocks, wind and sand and mud, I read her sacks of bran."And in the same humor Sam counaccount and am moved to tears in contemplating what

tered, "Yes, and Josephine gave the bran to the neighit means. For however trying it was to me in my

bors to feed their hungry pigs."childhood and young manhood, it was not to me

The time for their departure was October 17, 1882, what it was to a young mother not inured to that three years from the starting date of the first comway of life, and having four little children to care for, pany, that left in the fall of 1879, to fight their one of them a delicate infant, requiring constant way through by way of the noteworthy Holein-theattention.

Rock crossing of the Colorado. The forepart of the For people with imagination to envisage what it

month was sad with farewell visits to friends and was like to travel in oldtime wagons with poor teams relatives, and the two graves where the little brother through a rugged, broken country without roads, and and sister had been laid to rest. with very little water, these few quotations from

Four families were to go from Cedar, one from Josephine's diary, will suggest the thrills and the torEnoch, and on the morning of the 17th, the town ture of that journey to Bluff. They moved at a snail's

gathered to say goodbye and wish them Godspeed pace on the days that they moved at all, seldom covon their journey. They were crowded into their ering more than fifteen or twenty miles a day. On

covered wagons with provisions, bedding, camp supthat seventeenth day of October they got as far as plies, and the few books, personal belongings, or Johnson, on their way towards Parowan. Quoting

keepsakes which they could take with them. now from the diary: "October 18th: we left Johnson's

"We moved slowly away from our beloved Cedar with great sorrow about eleven o'clock, traveled a few with aching hearts after saying goodbye to our loved miles and met Bishop Arthur and other friends; anones, and our homes and the land of our birth, not other heartache when we said goodbye. There was

knowing when, if ever, we would see them again, and nothing to do but lie back in our wagons and weep, not knowing where we were going,"wrote "Aunt and think of those we left behind, their kindness. This

Jody"in her journal, from which we shall quote freely. is a great trial... the company feels very serious. We

Their traveling companions were Charles Wilden, stopped at Parowan about five o'clock, camped early

Alvin Smith, David Adams, and their families; and and turned our stock in the fields. The children and

Frederic I. Jones, his wife Manie, and two little boys their mamas wanted to go back.

from Enoch. Hyrum Perkins was to be their captain, "October 19th—At Red Creek we bid more friends

having been sent from Bluff to pilot them through goodbye, and camped in Little Creek Canyon, the the weary stretches of deserts and mountains. children crying to go home. Even the cattle want

Josephine kept somewhat of a record of the journey to go back, but every day is taking us farther away.

from Cedar although what she saw and what she "October 20th—It was hard to get started this mornsuffered in the intense thirty days while they toiled ing; the teams and the stock are slow. Hyrum Perkins

through about three hundred miles of raw, roadless is our captain.

wilderness, defied all her powers of description. Her "October 21st—Another cross night with the chilaccount is sketchy and incomplete, and some of the dren. Sam had to leave one of his cows and calves;

pages have been lost, but enough is preserved to the little white calf Walter Hunter gave me. We did

suggest a very clear picture to the minds of those not stop till we got to Panguitch. Every night we are

who have gone through it. They who have never called together to prayers; then we go to bed."

gone through the realities of it, can have little idea They left Panguitch (Continued on page 606)

AUGUST 1959 589 Sixth of the series "Mixed Voices"on Book of Mormon criticism

What Frontier;,

like a wall more like a spear What Why he's exactly

from many sects, but invariably from the longest settled neighborhoods of the region. Joseph's pereCamp Meeting? grinations [in the early days]... were always east-

... the Church of the Saints was by Hugh Nibley ward, not westward

not a frontier phenomenon in origin."Even if you Contributing Editor

call Western New York the frontier, "its impact upon the region and period from which it sprung was

Nearly all presentday critics insist on an atmosphere extremely limited,"Mormonism receiving its greatest of extreme religious hysteria, "a time of strange wild strength from abroad. 55 Mr. Davis confirms this verreligious excitement,"as essential to the production dict: "But Upstate New York in the 1820's,"he writes,

of the Book of Mormon. 51 The heat and passion of "was not a frontier,... actually, the frontier was the

the backwoods revival meeting provide the fiery place where Mormonism was nearly extinguished, crucible in which the book was forged. 52 The frontier while the final settlement came a thousand miles beand the camp meeting between them set the stage yond the frontier."50 The theory that Mormonism

for the Book of Mormon. was a product of the frontier will not stand up to

In spite of its respectable distant New England any examination.

background, a recent and typical study reports, Equally groundless is the common claim that the "Mormonism was unquestionably a product of the element of supernatural intervention in the Book of frontier, the strangest, most ambiguous, adventurous, Mormon was a response to the stimulus of the camp and colorful of all the movements emanating from meeting. "There are no detailed descriptions of the

that turbulent region."53 The latest investigators, revivals in Palmyra and Manchester between 1822

however, have been seriously questioning this proposiand 1827, when they were at their wildest,"writes tion. Mrs. Brodie has an easy time showing that Mrs. Brodie. 57 If she had really wanted to find out

western New York in Joseph Smith's time was not what the revivals were like at the time and place primitive frontier at all, but thoroughly settled and indicated, Mrs. Brodie could have had a quite adecivilized. Yet after all that she remains true to the quate description from the autobiography of Nancy

party line: the matter of the Book of Mormon "is Towle, the traveling revivalist who operated in upper

drawn from the American frontier."54 But others New York State between the years 1818 and 1831.

have now taken the magic out of that magic word From her we learn that the pathological camp meetand demythologized the myth of the frontier. ings that Smith is supposed to have attended are a

"Mormonism has usually been described as a fronmyth of the critics. 58 The preaching routine of the

tier religion,"writes Cross, and hastens to correct the time was standardized and stereotyped: if Smith ever

error: "The church did not rise during the pioneering got his religion "from the mouth of the wilderness

era of western New York. Its early recruits came preacher,"it is passing strange that his own sermons

590 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA obviously some sort of snake '... no, round and tall like a tree... he is exactly like a huge fan... unmistakably like a rope

and writings do not remotely resemble theirs. Partradition is not that of the camp meeting and the

ticularly repugnant to Miss Towle and her fellow frontier?

evangelists is Smith's claim that "The gift has reFrom Miss Towle we learn that the revival meetings turned back again, as in former times, to illiterate of Joseph Smith's day were not held in fields, woods, fishermen."To which Miss Towle's reaction was: and tents, but in regular churches and in good

"Are you not ashamed, of such pretentions? You order. 63 It was only in the British Isles that Miss

who are no more, than any ignorant ploughboy of our Towle herself preached in tents and in the open air;

land! Oh! blush, at such abominations!"59 So far her message there was the same as in America, and

were the revivalists from admitting any kind of inmet with the same response—there was nothing

spiration. The idea of supernatural manifestations, "frontier"about it. 64

which Joseph Smith is also supposed to have picked Miss Towle has a good deal to say about the bitter up from the revivals, was completely foreign to them. revelries among the ministers, ("... rottenhearted

When she speaks of healing, Miss Nancy makes it professors.... Oh! these menappointed leaders, how

perfectly clear that she means only the healing of despicable they often, to me, appear!") and so makes

the soul; when she rushes to the side of the sick and it clear that Joseph Smith was not exaggerating (as

the dying, it is to exhort them to prepare to meet is often claimed) when he told of how meanly they

Jesus; when she speaks of death it is with genuine treated him. 65 From Nancy Towle we can learn

terror and despair; 60 she is constantly on guard against what the atmosphere of the revivals really was: Reaccepting for a moment as supernatural any of the ligious feeling ran high; rivalry was intense and

many experiences and manifestations that she so often sometimes bitter; 66 but the wild orgiastic rites of the

meets with in the course of her neurotic career. 01 The camp meeting, of which we have heard so much,

revivalists had a definite technique and enthusiasm were totally foreign to her experience and to the of their own, but it was of a totally different nature world of the youthful Joseph Smith. Only twice in

from that found among the Mormons, concerning all her long experience did Miss Towle see anyone which one observer noted ninety years ago: faint at a meeting—once in Cumberland and once in

"This enthusiasm is different in style and expresNova Scotia—and the sight surprised and disturbed

sion from the religious enthusiasm of many of the her: "Such a thing,"she says, "never happens in the

Christian sects. The excesses of revivals are not 'New England revivals.'"67

favored by the leaders for this practical Church. As early as 1842 the Methodist Quarterly Review

There is no frenzy in their prayers, and the worship severely criticized an English writer for describing in their Tabernacle is as decent as that of a Puritan Mormonism as a frontier religion. The Mormon

Church. But under this quiet exterior, there is a converts, the reviewer pointed out, came not from

spirit of fanatical devotion, deep and earnest...."62 the frontier or even from America, but from that very

Could one ask for plainer evidence that the Mormon "sound, enlightened, Protestant England"that the

AUGUST 1959 591 British writer boasts about! 68 As to the Book of former or the excessive emotionalism of the latter."

Mormon resembling American preaching, at revivals That is to say, what we find in the book is Calvinism or anywhere else, nothing could be more absurd: "We and revivalism—but with their essential elements left

now fear, that the reviewer [in England] knows just out: "In contrast to the extremes of religious enas little about what is said 'at meeting'as he does thusiasm that were soon to follow upon the revivals...

about the contents of the Book of Mormon, and this later in the decade, the intellectuality of the Book is almost nothing at all."69 of Mormon and its appeal as a reasonable answer to

Dr. O'Dea Bloweth Where He Listeth-.—Dr. O'Dea the problems of existence and salvation are quite

should have considered some of these things before obvious."(P. 31.) So what the Book of Mormon

propounding his favorite thesis on the Book of Moroffers is not a resemblance but a "quite obvious"mon: "The book is obviously an American work."contrast to the ways and teachings of those religious

How, "obviously?"Well, "American sentiments perenthusiasts who are supposed to have inspired it!

meate the work."For example? "Taxation is oppres- O'Dea even labors the indiscretion: "In fact, in catchsive, and lawyers are not to be trusted."70 In what ing and committing to print the hopes and exaltations

nations is that not true? Has Dr. O'Dea never heard of the revival meeting and in doing so without the

of Moliere or Aristophanes or Rabelais? Again the distractions and emotional excesses... the Book

"obligation of the clergymen to work"in Alma's of Mormon was admirably suited to become... the

church is right out of New England: but why not scriptures of an American Church."(P. 40.) Passing

right out of Cluny, or the Qumran Community, or by the fact that the book was never meant to become the Didache? Alma's going "from one body to anthe scriptures of any church, and that the great

other, preaching unto the people repentance and appeal of Mormonism and the Book of Mormon has faith on the Lord"(Mos. 25:15), is for O'Dea "a in the past not been to Americans but to people of

scene strongly reminiscent of the camp meeting"other lands, we must hasten to point out that "emothough he admits elsetional excesses"are no where that camp meetextraneous fixture of the ings belong to the post BIRTHDAY CAKE revival meeting but the

Book of Mormon periby Christie Lund Coles very substance of those od. 71 But Dr. O'Dea's "hopes and exaltations"

job as a critic is not The flames climb high Her breath comes fast; without which it would

simply to report what Then sink; Her blue eyes shine; not be a revival meetBook of Mormon scenes WaxThe white,falls uponthe pink; AI knowmomenther heremine. ing. To say that the

and incidents suggest to young fanatic Joseph

The shadows move Yet, few the years his mind, but to prove Grotesque and tall I shall make Smith succeeded in sepwhen he suggests a Against the curtain The dainty small girl's arating revivalism from

And the wall; Birthday cake.source, that the matter emotionalism makes

concerned could not posabout as much sense as sibly have come from any other source. After all, to talk of separating Romanism from Rome or separatthe man who by some mysterious process can borrow ing the front of a piece of paper from the back.

the ideas of thirteenth century monks, Brahmin sages, Calvinism and revivalism "without either the stress

French satirists, and Washingtonian reformers may at on human depravity of the former or the excessive any given moment be stealing from any conceivable emotionalism of the latter"are simply Hamlet with source, so that no critic can ever be sure of his ground. Hamlet left out.

But Dr. O'Dea is: he finds that in the Book of MorThough Riley assures us that "Joseph Smith knew

mon "the closeness to violence was thoroughly Amerias little about Arminius as Arminius did of him,"can."But what could be more thoroughly Italian or and Davis insists that Mormonism is a revolt against

Greek or Irish or Roman or Arabic or Hebrew, etc., Arminianism, 73 Dr. O'Dea finds "The doctrine of the

than "closeness to violence?"72 Nancy Towle actually book is wholeheartedly and completely Arminian."

left England to get away from a "closeness to violence,"The proof? "Men, says the Book of Mormon, will be

in comparison of which America was a haven of judged by God according to their works,"which calm. 72 Arminius also taught. 74 But so did a thousand other

In his too ready analysis Dr. O'Dea goes far enough Christian teachers, ancient, medieval, and modern,

to contradict himself soundly, for though the Book to say nothing of the scripture itself.

of Mormon according to him draws its "fundamental Again, we learn that the democratic creed of the theme"from Calvinism and revivalism, it does so Book of Mormon is purely American—except that it

"without either the stress on human depravity of the is not: "Yet this con- (Continued on page 610)

592 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA by Genevieve Van Wagenen

Each individual is a sensitive, delicate, technical Section 68, verse 25: "... Inasmuch as parents have

mechanism or piece of equipment. Like a seismochildren in Zion, or in any of her stakes which are

graph we record everything about us. And everyorganized, that teach them not to understand the docthing has its effect upon us—either for good or bad. trine of repentance, faith in Christ the Son of the

All of life's experiences touch and mold our hearts living God, and of baptism and the gift of the Holy and souls, and make us what we are. We are the Ghost by the laying on of the hands, when eight

result of many influences. years old, the sin be upon the heads of the parents."

A child's environment is not only the air he breathes You see, unless we follow the instructions, we are and also the food he eats and the house he lives in. to blame—there is no guarantee.

It's also the kind of training he's had. It's the people The Lord further stated: "And they shall also teach

around him and the way they've felt and acted toward their children to pray, and to walk uprightly before him. It's the lives they've lived—their example. It's the Lord."(Idem 28.)

the customs and language and ideas he's been taught. And this admonition: "I say unto you, be one; and

The home is most important. The greatest influif ye are not one ye are not mine."(See Ibid., 3827.)

ence upon the individual, either harmful or good, This caution: "Train up a child in the way he should

comes from the home. The home is the laboratory go: and when he is old, he will not depart from it."

where this delicate instrument is regulated and ad- (Prov. 22:6.)

justed. May we never forget that love is the lubricant This warning: "Spare the rod and spoil the child."

that is essential for perfect operation. (See Prov. 13:24.) The Lord taught that "... whom

When we purchase a new appliance or piece of the Lord loveth he chasteneth,..."(See Heb. 12:6.)

equipment, we make sure we read and follow the Even Jesus "learned... obedience by the things which

directions. We want to get the best service and he suffered."(Ibid., 5:8.)

results from our investment. In fact, the manufacturer The Beatitudes given by our Savior, the Ten Comfeels it so important, he posts warnings and cautions mandments thundered from Mount Sinai, and our

in plain sight. There is no guarantee, if we do not modernday revelations are all instructions for the

follow instructions. But how about a brand new care of this precious little soul.

baby, fresh from its Eternal Maker? Are there any If we follow these instructions, we will have joy in

instructions, warnings, or cautions for his care? Oh, our posterity. We will earn the rich rewards of paryes! The Lord has given complete and detailed inenthood and the love and respect of our children.

structions. But have we taken time to read them? And we will make it easy for our children to be

To learn them? And put them into practice? Such obedient to the Lord's commandment, to "Honour

instructions as given in the Doctrine and Covenants, thy father and thy mother."(Ex. 20:12.)

AUGUST 1959 Conducted by the Unified Church School System

by Ernest Eberhard, Jr.

Coordinator, North Utah and South Idaho District Seminaries

To illustrate the differing concepts which are so interpretation of life's purposes and values has again often prevalent among people, the following example been stressed indirectly by the Lord in the Doctrine is most effective: To all Europeans any American is and Covenants:

a Yankee; to the Southerner the Northerner is a "Wherefore, verily I say unto you that all things

Yankee; to a New Englander a Vermonter is a Yankee; unto me are spiritual, and not at any time have I

and to a Vermonter a Yankee is a person who eats given unto you a law which was temporal; neither

pie for breakfast. any man, nor the children of men; neither Adam, your

This example points up the tremendous difficulty father, whom I created."(D&C 29:34.)

human beings have when a word or symbol, with After reading how the Savior constantly referred supposedly common meanings and properties, is used to the laws which govern the temporal world in which as a concept. It pinpoints a difficulty often experihe lived and moved, one can see that the laws are

enced by teachers because they are not acquainted illustrative of man's divine destiny and relationship with what might be called the "concept level"of the to his Heavenly Father. They were fitted perfectly

students they teach. Even the Savior seems to have into the understanding and concept level of those

had some difficulty along this line. to whom the Savior was explaining the principles of

Matthew records: the gospel. This principle of teaching on the concept

"And the disciples came, and said unto him, Why level of the student or listener has not changed in speakest thou unto them in parables?"(Matt. 13:10.) the passage of time, nor has the principle lost any of

To this Jesus replied: its power. It may be somewhat different in applica-

"Therefore speak I to them in parables: because tion in our day, but its essence remains the same.

they seeing see not, and hearing they hear not, neither A concept is a word or a symbol which stands for do they understand."(Ibid., 13:13.) certain common characteristics or properties of obOne can almost visualize the Savior's becoming jects or situations which may or may not be present.

quiet and meditative as some problem or question is The "concept level"is all which that object or situapropounded to him. When so perplexed he sometion means to the individual who has the concept

times gave the key to the art of masterful teaching under consideration.

by asking himself this question: "Where unto shall The concept level is also limited by age and experi-

I liken it?"ence. Doll, to a tiny girl, means only her doll. Later

He was keenly sensitive to the "concept level"of it may mean other dolls which she has received. With

those whom he taught. He spoke understandingly to increased age it may include her friends'dolls or all

the highly trained but spiritually blind Pharisees. dolls even though they represent races, cultures, and

With equal insight he instructed and gave hope to the economic conditions which are foreign to her own.

unschooled, downtrodden peasant whose limited life The girl's concept level is based on the enlarged was filled with suffering, misery, and frustration. understanding of the increased number of common

They may not have agreed with him, but they undercharacteristics and properties which she acquires as stood his message and were able to connect it with she grows older and has more experiences in a situatheir status and their outlook on life. tion or with an object.

In our day this point of view on an understanding Children gradually develop concepts of faith,

594 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA **. itsMxa.ll IJ J liken

interest, with its train of disruptive and disciplinary problems, is likely to follow rather soon.

How Teachers Can Learn to Teach on the

Concept Level of their Students

Teaching on the concept level of his students, no

is auxiliary a teacher matter works, in which Church. *. ''J-V.u,.MA..- result It of consistent preparation. devoted and /'the

'-..'-'-- '.'.

i,aAA"'..<1/>

A teacher should practise listening to his students... thus a teacher may be able

to gain insight....

hatred, beauty, obedience, and so on, as a conseis not something which is acquired quickly and easily.

quence of many experiences with existing objects and But since it produces such soulsatisfying and stimusituations. The number and kind of these experiences lating results, it is worth every ounce of effort necesdetermines the "concept level"of the child. Age may sary to achieve it. It is a skill, a gift, which will

or may not give a clue as to what this level is. Whensurvive death and may well be a treasure beyond all

ever the teacher presents a lesson on a level above comprehension in the eternities. For those who have

or below the concept level of the students, a lack of the dedication and per- (Continued on page 615)

AUGUST 1959 595 Eleventh of the Series So That's What Boys Are Made Of

Romantic and Reckless

(Behavior Patterns and Problems of a Boy at 19)

by W. Cleon Skousen

Chief of Police, Salt Lake City

Age 19 is called the natural age for romance—at instinctively aware that he is outgrowing the family,

least, parents are warned to expect it around about but he still feels strong ties to the home base.

this time. Junior has become a gay blade now. He "Home"is something Junior would like to take

feels it inside and shows it outside. He is handsome, for granted—like a hotel or boardinghouse. He is inself-confident, adventurous. In spite of his former clined to resist the routine requirements of farm

years of awkward growing up he finds that he is now chores, yard work, doing dishes, or even picking up attractive to a great many girls. Even glances from after himself. Occasionally, he exhibits a burst of

feminine strangers sweep his way. He senses, someambition and shocks the family with his secret talent

how, that they are sizing him up and most of the for getting things done in a rush. But this is probably

time they approve. "Wow!"Mother Nature whisjust before a planned house party "for the gang"or

pers to him, "you are the greatest!"because of the prospective visit of some sweet young

But Mother Nature has added something to Junior thing he is trying to impress.

besides the aromatic spirits of romance. The recipe Junior at 19 is a primper. He is also a regular

for age 19 also calls for a liberal dash of recklessness. clotheshorse. If he has a car he primps that, too. He

Perhaps this is to keep parents on their toes. In any seems to exist in a theatrical world of bright lights

event, just as we had the paradox last year of a and brilliant costumes. Appearances are of paragentleman and a bronco, this year we have the sweetmount importance. His hair must have the latest

ness and light of Renaissance romance combined with cut; his slacks and sport jacket must have the latest

the blind and crazy recklessness of Russian roulette. drape. Everything about him seems to shout, "Come

alive, man, come alive!"

Portrait of a 19Year-Old All of this is part of Junior's driving ambition to

Now that Junior is 19 he is almost like another become somebody. He is not only sensitive about

adult around the house. He is developing strong himself but also about his family. He may worry

personality traits—likes and dislikes—which occajust a little about the impression his parents make on

sionally put a strain on the rest of the family. He is people—feelings he used to get when he was a junior

596 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

in high school. He secretly criticizes them. Mother or fighter pilot. He climbs mountains like a billy

is so engrossed in the home, Dad, in his business. goat and makes jokes as they pack him down from

"They should be more progressive,"he tells himthe ski run with a broken leg.

self. Now that Junior is a sophomore in college (or This very same spirit demands other outlets, too.

a young man about town with a fairly good job) he His entertainment appetites and sightseeing advenfeels he is learning so much. He wishes his parents tures become much more sophisticated. Parents

recall how he used to have his favorite resort, his favorite malt shop, favorite park, and favorite beach.

Now the familiar things seem to lack luster. All of

a sudden he wants to explore a weird assortment of strange new places.

If he can afford it, he likes to strut a tux once in a while, go to hotel dances, to supper clubs, or places with a bigname band. Parents need to remind themselves that the dynamic urge to "go to highpowered

places"and "do big time things"is almost universal for this age group. They say they want to see "life."

The ideal arrangement is for Mom and Dad to introduce Junior to a few supper club experiences and realistically interpret for him what is going on. This

helps Junior to get a proper perspective and take such things in his stride without being bowled over.

would do a little more reading, try to keep up. Of Parents who are too tired or too busy for such

course, in two or three years Junior will discover that family excursions might remember that if Junior has his parents were smarter than he thought, but at to do his own private exploring there is a psychology 19—"Well, I just feel like the folks ought to be boning of "going out on the town"that can spin a 19year-old

up on a lot of these new things, like me!"boy right off his chassis. For him it is a dizzy new

He is also allergic to the prehistoric barbarism of world where he is anxious to fit in. And far too

his younger brothers and sisters. "Crude!"he mumoften there will be some smart aleck around who is

bles as they go through their normal childish antics. anxious to make a fool out of Junior by slyly offerHe is definitely sure he was never like that. When ing him his first drink.

important visitors come to dinner, he secretly wishes Some boys can decline a drink without any emDad would take "us grownups"to a restaurant and barrassment whatever. They have learned how to

leave the jabbering little kids at home. say "no thanks"or "I'll take a ginger ale straight."

Finally, we should comment on 19year-old selfEverybody laughs and that is the end of the matsufficiency. "There is absolutely no question whatever ter. Others feel compelled to conform to the crowd

about the future. I can handle it."pattern even though it may mean overriding a lifeHe feels immortal. He is radiant with health. He time of training. If this happens to Junior he may

possesses optimism to an incredulous degree and gag at the first sip. "Tastes like a barrel of mildewed

refuses to believe that he lives in anything but the excelsior!"he sputters. This may cure him.

best of all possible worlds. He cannot understand On the other hand, if he decides to drink it "even

why people worry so much. He thrusts out his chin if it kills me,"then he has another, and for him, unand says, "All I need is an opportunity!"expected experience. He feels the warm glow in his

The people who have to live with this personality stomach, then in his head. The gang watches curisometimes feel that he is a little too cocksure for ously to detect the first signs of this new drinker

comfort. They occasionally spill out with, "Boy, getting high. It doesn't take long. Even an experihave you got some surprises coming!"But as they enced drinker can only digest approximately half an

meditate about it they have to admit that life demands ounce of alcohol an hour. All the rest flows directly

a lot of zip and vinegar from a boy. Perhaps this into the blood stream. This raw alcohol bathes the

overabundance of superself-sufficiency is simply brain with its narcotic depressant effect. Junior feels

Mother Nature's ammunition for future survival. his thinking motor slowing down. He can't say words

very plainly. When he does say something, everyNew Places, New Things body roars with gales of laughter. For the first time

Junior's spirit of adventure at 19 is something to in his life he thinks he's a comedian. He doesn't

behold. He makes a good river rat, broncobuster, realize they are laughing at him rather than his jokes.

598 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA They urge him to drink more. Perhaps he does. He ple cannot help wondering how a youngster could

squints his eyes as tunnel vision closes in on him, and have jammed up his life so completely. It isn't hard

he reels unsteadily when he tries to stand up. to trace the pattern. It all began with "little things."

Suddenly he has a feeling he needs fresh air. He One final thought about another type of 19year-

is seized with a spasm of whim whams. His stomach old who reaches the same terminal but follows a difregion threatens at any moment to do a convulsive flip ferent route: he may have been a dropout during

flop. He rushes to the nearest exit. high school or may have gone to seed after graduaThe following day, Junior may think a long time tion. In any event, he is the boy who decides to

about this crazy new experience. He may tell his become a "peon,"a "slum bum,"or a jukejoint rock 'n'

folks about it and promise to lay off from here on roll artist who requires all night sessions and a or he may secretly lavish his ego with the memory "barby"to keep the gang awake. These are symptoms

of being the life of the party. This may trigger his of personality perversion and while not hopeless, they

eagerness to be a big shot via this route. In fact, certainly spell doomsday if not corrected.

such eagerness can be set on fire by an emptyheaded A boy of 19 is moving out across the horizon of female from the next older set telling him coyly, life with limitless possibilities before him—adventures

"Junior, when you're drunk you are so cute!"If this in glorious achievement or expeditions in human negahappens, Junior may be a gone goose. He can hardly tion. It is worth the time of a mother and dad and

wait for the next party. This is particularly true if all the resources of a community to see that a boy

he is emotionally immature and has a gnawing feeling gets a lift in the right direction when he needs it.

of being inadequate, dull, and inhibited.

"Somehow,"he reflects, "that nasty (and expensive) The Age of Courtship stuff lubricates my personality."What he probably Now we hasten to return to the more pleasant part

doesn't realize is the fact that if he starts relying on of being 19. Let's talk about courtship.

alcohol to lubricate his personality he is headed for No 19year-old is likely to admit he's courting. He

the skids. It may take a few years to get there, but will tell you how he enjoys dating. He might even

psychologists predict habitual alcoholism for those admit he's campaigning. But not "courting."For

who pursue this course. him courting is too fancy, formal, and oldfashioned.

However, when Mom and Dad get down to cases,

What Price Progress they find lovemaking hasn't really changed much. A

However, at 19 it is sometimes impossible to confew new words maybe, to describe some routing and vince a boy. He may think that for the time being, wellknown adventures in billing and cooing, but as

at least, this is progress. He has made what appears a grandfather recently said, "It's still the same old

at the moment to be a sensational new discovery. goaround of boy meets girl, girl likes boy, girl plays

Worried and heartsick parents cannot help becoming hardto-get, and boy pursues her until she catches alarmed as they watch the girations of confused dishim."

integration appearing in the personality of their boy For Junior, however, it isn't quite that simple. Even

who was once solid, natural, and normal. They cangetting to meet girls, at least the right kind, may be

not help but agree with the youth leaders who said, a barrier. This is particularly true in a large city or

"Liquor and a little wild life can produce a flash in a family where there are few social ties. Such a

explosion in a teenager's personality that wreaks boy may wander around "just hunting."Likely as

havoc!"not he will eventually find a girl, but a pickup may

Police officers who may be called by the parents turn out to be a girl with more experience than Junior will recognize some familiar symptoms as Junior exknows how to cope with. A girl on the hunt (with

hibits a mockish independence, a defiance of authorhappenstance morals ) can send a boy reeling. In fact,

ity and law, a reckless indifference toward the welfare a chance meeting with the wrong girl can derail a of himself or anyone around him. In time, drinking very promising boy's career.

is the prelude to senseless crimes or roaring down It is the task of parents, teachers, and youth leaders quiet avenues in the middle of the night with throttles to give young people frequent opportunities for wellopen and tires screaming. There are also screams supervised recreation where there is a common meetafter the crash, but these usually come from the more ing ground on the "crowd"level and dates can be

sober passengers who went along for the ride. The made under wholesome conditions.

drunken driver often goes out without ever knowing what hit him. Problems of Matchmaking

When a young life suddenly terminates in a police As it finally turns out, most boys have very little station, a penitentiary, or a morgue, thoughtful peotrouble getting dates (Continued on page 618)

AUGUST 1959 599 Leadership Development

THE

LDEN TOUCH by Sterling W. Sill

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve

There is an interesting legend in ancient Grecian mythology telling the story of Midas, king of the little Greek state of Phrygia. The Grecian deity,

Dionysus, granted the wish of King Midas that everything he touched would turn to gold. According to legend, the gift backfired, and when even the

food and the daughter of Midas turned into gold, the king begged Dionysus to take back his gift.

But Midas'idea was a good one, and if he had only had some exclusions written into his gift, he might have accomplished some wonderful things.

Midas is not the only one who has had this idea. For

hundreds of years the alchemists have tried to find

600 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ways of transmuting the lesser elements into those signment will be completed and on schedule; the

of greater value, such as iron and lead into silver and reports will be accurate and on time; and everyone

gold. In spite of the failure of the alchemists and connected with the enterprise will make a profit.

the unfortunate experience of King Midas, the idea We sometimes picture a sort of golden, radiant itself should not be abandoned. light being given off by pure gold. We call it

I have often wished that this gift of Dionysus could "sparkle."But there are some people who have

have been granted without its harmful allinclusive- some of the same qualities. They radiate enthusiasm,

ness. Then it would have been interesting to see courage, industry, helpfulness, good cheer, diligence,

how Midas would have used his unusual powers. I and dependability.

can imagine the thrill that this fine old king might On the night of Benedict Arnold's betrayal, everyhave received as he went around touching worthless thing was in confusion, and the loyalty of many things and under his touch seeing them turn into people was under suspicion. General George Washshining, brilliant, sparkling, valuable yellow gold. ington asked the father of Daniel Webster to stand

The gift of Dionysus to Midas was shortlived, but guard throughout the night. He said, "Captain

there are people who have revived the powers of Webster, I can trust you."Captain Webster had gold

this gift and now have in full operation a wonderful in his character. Solomon spoke of one who had

golden touch. All of us know some people who have gold in his performance. He said, "Seest thou a man

a great ability where everything they touch seems diligent in his business? he shall stand before

to turn to gold right in their hands. All of their enterkings...."(Prov. 22:29.)

prises flourish; everything they undertake succeeds. There are some 1959 model kings who are to others

If they go into business, you want to invest some like sunshine to the vegetation or water to thirsty money with them because you know it will prosper. If crops. A farmer in the late fall was running his irrisuch a person is given a leadership position in the gation water in a head ditch past a dry alfalfa field.

Church you know in advance that that particular Because of shortage of water he had abandoned the organization will go forward by leaps and bounds alfalfa in order to mature more valuable crops. But

and that everyone connected with it will be better in two or three places the water broke over the ditch off as a consequence. bank and ran down through the dry field. A few

"The Golden Touch"is a great gift. How would weeks later you could tell right to the inch where the

you like to possess it? The Lord has said to us that water had been, for where these fingers of moisture

we should seek good gifts. Certainly the golden had reached down into the dry field, the alfalfa stood

touch is one of the best. The gifts of God are always tall, green, and vigorous; where the water did not

based on worthiness. The people with the golden go, the dry stubble remained exactly as before.

touch are those who have the ability to think straight What water does to thirsty alfalfa, a great leader and work hard. They are the ones who have a flair does to people. Wherever a great leader goes, people

for solving their own problems and helping to answer grow taller and more useful than they were. The

their own prayers. What a thrilling experience to see science of criminology says that no one can pass

the productive operation of a fine Church leader through a room without leaving some evidence of who has dependability, knowhow, resourcefulness, his having been there. It may be a footprint or a

and courage. You know in advance that every asscent or a fallen hair. (Continued on page 621)

AUGUST 1959 601

sV*5s4L

h

m m

'MM <? $!1P&

Priesthood and Temple Work Temple work is the work of the priesthood. So also is to seek after our dead. This doctrine was the

is the equally important labor of seeking out the burden of the scriptures. Those Saints who neglect

records of our ancestors, so their temple work can it, in behalf of their deceased relatives, do it at the be done. peril of their own salvation."

In proof of this we quote some of the inspired The Prophet Joseph Smith then continues: "I wish

utterances of our Church leaders of the past and you to understand this subject, for it is important. It

present. Note how emphatically they say that bearers is one of the greatest and most important subjects

of this priesthood should lead out in this all important that God has revealed. He should send Elijah to

mission. seal the children to the fathers, and the fathers to

The Prophet Joseph Smith said: "The greatest rethe children. Without us they could not be made

sponsibility in this world that God has laid upon us, perfect, nor we without them, the fathers without

602 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA the children, nor the children without the fathers."the Priesthood by Elijah the Prophet. You will see

President Brigham Young said: "We have a work readily that the genealogical research to find our dead

to do just as important in its sphere as the Saviors and such information as will identify them is on a work was in its sphere. Our fathers cannot be made par of importance with the temple ordinance work

perfect without us; we cannot be made perfect withitself."

out them. They have done their work and now President David O. McKay said: "This is the day

sleep. We are now called upon to do ours; which is in which the Lord expects his Church to inaugurate

to be the greatest work man ever performed on the the great work of turning 'the heart of the fathers to earth."the children, and the heart of the children to their

And then President Brigham Young went on: "The fathers.'What about your greatgreat-ancestors who

ordinance of sealing must be performed here woman never heard the name of Jesus Christ? You have the

to man, and children to parents, until the chain of opportunity of gathering the names of your ancestors generation is made perfect in the sealing ordinances and, by their being baptized for by proxy, they may back to Father Adam. become members of the kingdom of God in the other

"There must be this chain in the Holy Priesthood; world as we are members here."

it must be welded together from the latest generation And then he continues: "May all who hold the

that lives on the earth back to Father Adam. This Priesthood sense more fully the spirit of Elijah, and

Priesthood has to do it; this Priesthood is for this comprehend more clearly the necessity of giving to

purpose."all who have gone beyond the veil the privileges of

And then President Wilford Woodruff said: "Brethenjoying the blessings that follow compliance with

ren and sisters, lay these things to heart. Let us go the principles and ordinances of the everlasting Goson with our records. I pray God that as a people pel; that some day all mankind, judged by the acts

our eyes may be opened to see, our ears to hear, and done in mortality, may receive their merited rewards, our hearts to understand the great and mighty work and those who are worthy be saved, sanctified and that rests upon our shoulders, and that the God of glorified."

heaven requires at our hands."And then in the spirit of prayer President McKay

President Heber J. Grant said: "If you get it into appealed: "Increase our desire, O Father, to put forth

your heart and soul that this is one of the most imeven greater efforts towards the consummation of thy portant things you as Latterday Saints can do, you purpose to bring to pass the immortality and eternal will find a way to do it. That is the one lesson of all life of all Thy children."

others that I would like to impress upon you. I know President Stephen L Richards of the First Presidency

of no work that brings greater peace and comfort said this: "I think perhaps the work for our kindred

to the human heart than missionarv work in the dead is the most truly Christlike service performed

Church of Jesus Christ, at home or abroad, going out in the Church. I am sure it is approved of Him and

to proclaim the Gospel, sitting down and talking countless grateful hearts in the unseen world.... We

upon the gospel, or entering into the temples and know that we are engaged in his work."

doing work for our loved ones that have gone before."President J. Reuben Clark, Jr., also of the First

Then President Grant added: "I am very desirous Presidency, said: "We are to be vicariously the

at all times to try and encourage the people to go to saviors of our ancestors. The countless billions who

the temple. I am anxious to encourage the people have gone before will in due time have the opporto press on in securing their genealogies, and after tunity to reap hereafter the blessings which we condoing so to labor in our temples. I am sure that fer upon them here. This is the most glorious concept

for each and every one of you who has determination of its kind that has ever come to the earth. We are

the Lord will open the way whereby you can acindeed saviors on Mount Zion. It is our obligation

complish the labor. The important thing is the to go forward in this great work with which we have

desire."been charged. Indeed, we have no alternative, if we

President George F. Richards, of the Council of the would be his people."

Twelve, said this: "The Genealogical Society of the President Joseph Fielding Smith of the Council

Church is an aid to the Saints in looking after the of the Twelve, and President of the Genealogical genealogies of their dead. Society, has said: "The duty of a man in his own

"As the temple work for the dead cannot be done family is to see that he and his wife are sealed at until we have certain genealogical information conthe altar. If married out in the world before they

cerning them, genealogy is placed on the same plane joined the Church, or if they have been in the Church of importance as temple work, and in both is seen and have been unable to go to the temple, it is that the effect of the restoration of the sealing power of man's duty to go to the (Continued on page 620)

AUGUST 1959 603:-4;, &;,-. "''*'&, Wit

L.

i H t

? I JP Hk Jlbgsl

::!',;. JM

Administering of Sacrament Is a Great Privilege

Sunday after Sunday, in more than four thousand LDS meetings throughout the world, the Sacrament of the Lord's Supper is administered. The sacramental prayers

are uttered in English, German, Japanese, Portuguese, and a dozen other languages, and bread and water—symbolic of the flesh and blood of our Savior—are passed for the

assembled Saints to partake.

The taking of the Sacrament is a living, profound, religious experience. It is of greater significance

than most of us, taking it as often as we do, realize. It is a holy ordinance, vital to our temporal and spiritual wellbeing.

Because the Sacrament is so important, it is necessary that competent and dedicated individuals be entrusted with the responsibility of preparing and passing it. This is a special assignment of the Aaronic

Priesthood. It is a grave responsibility, but one that is faithfully and diligently performed throughout the

Church every week.

Some people have voiced objections to the entrusting of such an enormous responsibility to individuals as young as are most of our Aaronic Priesthood bearers. But the Lord, throughout all dispensations

of time, has consistently called young men to positions of great responsibility and authority. Samuel,

Joseph the son of Jacob, Nephi, John the Baptist, Daniel, Joseph Smith—these names flash through the

mind. Each of these was an anointed leader with a dynamic influence for good at an early age.

In keeping with this pattern, the Lord also gives important responsibilities to young people todayone of the most important of which is caring for the Sacrament.

It is important that Aaronic Priesthood bearers realize the significance of this privilege. If they do,

they will know that they must always be dressed neatly and cleanly and be on their best behavior, setting an example for the congregation. They will refrain from such disturbing practices as loud whispering

and gumchewing. They will make certain that the Sacrament is passed quietly and in an orderly manner.

They will help create an atmosphere which will enable the worshipers to truly "remember him"and "have his Spirit to be with them."This is what the Church expects of its young Aaronic Priesthood bearers.

This is a goal they should work towards.

Advice Given for Success wasted verbiage. Sometimes these fears are justified.

In Senior Member Program In order to enjoy success in this program, contact

One program in the Church that must be made. One can take a light plug and stab at

represents a real challenge to dethe wall with it indefinitely; until one gets it into the

votion is the work with the senior members of the socket, making a contact, the light will not go on.

Aaronic Priesthood. This is a challenge because it The same is true in this program.

demands patience, perseverence, ingenuity, and versaHow does one make this contact? There is no

tility. pat, allinclusive answer; no perfect solution. If

Sometimes advisers feel that they are not "getting there were, we would have no senior Aaronic memthrough,"that their efforts represent only so much bers in the Church except newlybaptized converts.

604 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA But there are helps and hints that have proved ex- 5) Have a definite objective for every visit and tremely valuable. Among these are: be wellprepared, in every way, to put over this ob-

1) Obtain the friendship and confidence of your jective.

group members. This is a prerequisite to all the 6) Recognize that individuals are different and

following suggestions. must be approached differently. Some will respond

2) Become acquainted with their particular into a challenge; others will shy away. Some can be

terests and appeal to them. led and directed; others will resent any attempt to

3) Give these men the feeling that they are not lead or direct as unwarranted intrusion in their peronly welcome in the Church, but also wanted and sonal lives.

needed. It's true; they are. 7) Encourage them to pray and, when possible

4) Show them the advantage of Church activity and appropriate, pray with them.

in terms they can understand: growth, service, family 8) Above all, be humble to allow for divine direcopportunities. tion. Without this, success is out of the question.

Ward Teaching Supplement it... it is as if we never committed it. As far as that

particular transgression is concerned, we are clean,

The Lord has been very generous forgiven, free. Therein lies the miracle of true reto his children here upon the earth. pentance.

One of the greatest of all his gifts Repentance, to be efficacious, must be complete is the opportunity to repent. Without this we could and sincere. Temporary repentance, conditional renot hope to return to his presence. pentance, repentance with reservations... these are

Mankind became aware centuries ago that things not really repentance at all.

do not fust happen, but that events and conditions are To repent, we must recognize our error and be controlled by cause and effect relationships. The sorry for what we did, not sorry that we were caught

same is true in our religious life: good works bring or that things didn't work quite as planned, but

blessings, inactivity invariably leads to retrogression sorry for the wrongful act itself. We must then

and "the wages of sin is death...."make amends and beg forgiveness, both of the injured

All of us make mistakes; some are accidental, others party and our Father in heaven.

not quite so innocent. We must learn, and experience It is in the final step that the proof of true reis often a costly teacher. Thus, were we left solely pentance lies. Its essence is the turning away, the

to our own devices, punishment would follow transnew life, the going the Lord's way and sinning no gression as night follows day and we would be without more. If we fail here, then our failure is complete

a chance of obtaining eternal life. and our "repentance"has been but a futile gesture.

Here the gospel, and especially the principle of Repentance is a profound and beautiful thing and repentance, comes into play. When we truly repent is not to be approached with flippancy or lightof something, it is not fust as if the Lord agreed to mindedness. None of us is above or beyond it. It

overlook our error, or excuse it or try to forget about concerns each of us, every day of our lives.

AUGUST 1959 HARPIST WATERFRONT

by Elizabeth A. Hutchison by Catherine E. Berry

Great harps of the pines, with resonant strings, The waterfront drowsed in the misty rain

When plucked by the wind's imperative fingers, In the quiet hours of the night,

Vibrate with the storm's tempestuous sweep, Deserted by even the wandering waves

Filled with a dissonant terror that lingers. That the tide had taken in flight.

In furious tempo and demonlike rage, Through a break in the clouds a crescent moon

Cacophonous chords with evil demanding Threw its silver coins down below,

Rend the brightness of noon with shriek and with moan To shine in slivers in cracks in the wharf,

A mystery beyond a man's understanding. On the water in flecks of glow.

But now with evening's mute benediction, The smell of the sea and the cargoes piled

A gossamer breeze strums a soft lullaby, In fantastic shapes in the dark

And low in the west a shimmering Venus Pervaded the air—and a lantern's beam

Heralds the peace of a hushed velvet sky. Like an exclamation mark,

I lie in the dark and hear the low murmur Was punctuating the black of the night

Of mystical music, whose motif is sleep; From the end of a ship that leaned

The penitent wind, a magical harpist, Its tired old hulk on the jetty to rest

Would soothe me to slumber, dreamless and deep. Before the dawn intervened.

The Church Moves On An important statement on the Aunt Jody

Sabbath was issued by the (Continued) The afternoon sesFirst Presidency. After quot- (Continued) about ten o'clock,

sion in the Tabernacle was held ing Exodus 20 and the period of the "traveled about seven miles and under the direction of the speech Captivity from the Bible and from stopped at two in the afternoon, department of the Mutual ImproveDoctrine and Covenants 59 as modsince that was the last water for ment Associations. Elder Ezra Taft ern revelation, the statement consome distance. Washed and baked

Benson of the Council of the Twelve tinued: ".. '. Latterday Saints, with in the afternoon. David Adams left

gave the address of the meeting, with a testimony of the gospel and a us this morning, he thinks he can choice young and MIA men women knowledge of the spiritual blessings travelhim, thefasterbabiesalone.are I sodon'tcross,blamethe talks.giving inspirational (Elders

that the Sabbath, from keeping come MorrisGeorge Delbert L. and Q.

will themselves never permit ofStapley to make slow.cattle stoppingSam had soto gooftenbackmakesfor anus the of the Council Twelve

had addressed general sessions on it a shopping day, an activity that other cow. Alma Smith caught up

Friday, the opening day.) has no place in a proper observance with us today with four more famiElder Byron V. Mumford sustained of the Holy Day of the Lord, on lies; this makes quite a train. Brother

as president of Columbia River which we are commanded to pour Charles Wilden has a big tent; we

(Oregon) Stake succeeding Presiout our souls in gratitude for the go in there for prayers; we undress

dent Royle S. Papworth. Counselors many blessings of health, strength, the children there, then go to our

to President Mumford are Elders physical comfort, and spiritual joy beds out in the open. The children

Raymond L. Kirkham and Willis L. which comes from the Lord's bounteare quiet, but the wolves are howling

Smith. Released with President Papous hand."piteously.

worth were his counselors, Elder "October 23rd. Two of Hyrum's

Conard Edwin Green and President horses went back, and we waited

Mumford. It was announced that Elder till he found them.... We traveled

Ted Bushman of Salt Lake till after dark and was late getting

Presidents J. Reuben Clark, City had been reappointed to to camp.... Traveled seventeen

Jr., and Henry D. Moyle were membership on the general board of miles today.

set apart to their new positions the Young Men's Mutual Improve- "October 24th. Quite cold and

in the First Presidency by President ment Association. He had been reblowing, looks like storm. We want

David O. McKay. leased about a year ago. to get over Escalante Mountain to606 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

day. Hyrum says it won't be so bad better road, since it is unthinkable on over solid rock surfaces, leaving

then if the storm does come. Chilthey could have found a worse. It their trail wagons and having to go

dren cried all night. Manie's ( Manie was not for a better road that they back after them, doubling teams,

Jones) baby, John, is still not well, turned, but to go to Hall's Crossing, the women and children walking.

and we are all quite homesick. There instead of to the terrible place where Sometimes they stood guard all night

has been no breakage since we left the first company crossed the Coloover their cattle and horses because except one bow on our front wagon, rado, now quite impassable. All the the animals were so determined to

and then we were scattered all over same, the way they went would go back. There being no feed for

the wagon with the sudden jerk. It make anyone but a saint weep in the animals, they could not stop even

is a week today since we took our despair or turn and go back. They on Sunday. They ate a cold supper

last look at our homes, and worst of had to build road as they went, and and went to bed without washing, all, our relatives and friends.... and without a drink; no water.

This road is just a trail, with rocks, Sometimes darkness compelled them fallen trees, in and stumps mountain our path. LITTLE TOWN toso steepstop wherethey hadtheyto blockwere,theon wheelsa hill up the we startedWhen

the women walked to the top, carryby Leone E. McCune of their wagons to keep them from

ing the babies. going on down.

"We are thankful to be over the So long this little town was my whole Once when they went on in the mountain before the storms come: world; darkness, they narrowly escaped

we could not have made it, it was Deep sky, lowlying hills, and waters driving over the brow of a cliff, and so steep. We had a good supper purled. at another precipitous place: "We

and prayers and went to bed very My home now wears an unfamiliar face; had the life frightened right out of

tired; traveled twenty miles today. New owners always want to change a us. I don't know what this place

"October 25th. Rested well after place. is called, but I call it Devil's Twist,

our long walk up the mountain; we and that's a Sunday name for it. Of

have had breakfast and are ready to The faces that I loved are there no more; all the roads on earth I cannot

leave. Getting ready to start is not A modern shop replaced the country store. imagine any worse than these are

as easy as reading this. We warm The small schoolhouse has long outgrown here. Aunt Manie says, 'My, but this

rocks and put in the wagon to keep its need; is a good schooling, and good for the

the children warm. Traveled two New buildings stand where farmers planted liver to be jolted to pieces.'There

miles today and camped for the rest seed. is no use for me to try and describe

of the day. it. This is the wildest and most

"October 26th. Hyrum is gatherBeloved old church has fallen to decay; Godforsaken country I have ever

ing stock they left on the last trip, we The white spires of a new one greet the seen, or read about, or heard about.

are laying over, and if he gets them day. We hardly get started till we have

we will go on tomorrow. We are All is not changed; the hills remain the to double teams on the wagons. The

tidying up our wagons, bathing, baksame; sand is kneedeep in some places,

ing, and washing. Sister Wilden and The sunset dies with wellremembered and in other places nothing but

Sarah washed this morning, and flame. sheets of solid rock. Up hill and

Manie and I this afternoon. We down hill, steep and slick—the poor

poor sisters have our hands full. We The sunbaked slopes still yield the ripened animals. I have never before seen

are camped half a mile from town, grain; horses pull, and paw, fall down and

and the men are getting grain The cows trudge to the pasture, down the get up as they have done today. We

ground for the horses. After we prelane. have not stopped for dinner, the

pare supper, we have almost to unAnd when the valley dons its cloak of horses have had no water and they load our wagons to make our beds. white; are almost give out."

Then we have prayers and go to bed. The lights glow in the darkness of the On the thirtyfirst when they had

God bless us all. night; hunted desperately for water, they

"October 27th. Still waiting for found a pool from which some of

Hyrum. We wish we could have But most of all, when lilacs drip with the men dipped up a little in the

stayed with our loved ones or move rain, darkness and brought it to the chilon. Every day counts for peoMy memories and my heartstrings they dren who were crying with thirst.

ple without a home. We baked enchain. In the daylight, the pool was seen

enough to last for the next few days, to have two dead sheep in it. At

and retired to our apartments to this point Josephine writes: "Water

write letters, as this is the last place is one of the greatest blessings we we can mail them. We spent the they had fewer men and less equipcan have while traveling. It is so

evening talking about our call to ment for such work than the first priceless we pour a cup of it on one

San Juan, some thought they would company had. They traveled up man's hands, and another holds his

just as soon stay in Cedar, but when hill in deep sand and were somehands under that, and four or five the call comes from the President of times late in the night finding a people wash with one or two cups the Church, we go."place to camp and camped without of water."

Going on from Escalante they water with the children crying for On the third of November they turned to the left from the road to a drink. Their cattle got lost; the reached Hall's Crossing of the ColoHole-inthe-Rock, taken by the first wind blew till they couldn't get dinrado, the most perilous and haircompany, and may have found a ner or supper; they dragged wearily raising occasion of the trip. They

AUGUST 1959 607 my fear of the wagon going off into the swiftflowing river. Before we Humility, Hard Work, Integrity

started, I asked Fred to nail the cover down on all sides so that if... and Courage we were drowned, we would all go

together, and he did. When the

Richard L. Evans treacherous river was safely crossed,

We are mindful these days of young people who weTodidappreciatethank ourtheirHeavenlydays ofFather."delay

are moving into life's more permanent pursuits. and tribulation in getting their outWe are mindful also of the many decisions facing fits and cattle across the big stream,

those who have completed some part of their it is necessary to see that lonely place preparation, and or soon, now, must who decide the where of moaning the water to whether quit or far to proceed further with how It preparation. echoes up the among walls, towering

is difficult to generalize, for its carries case each cirset of own the and is approach from side each cumstances. as to quitting, as But to of weariness study, weariness difficult dangerous. and Josephine of as work, to quitting of because discouragement, of because some said she couldn't see they ever how uncertainty, or for shortsighted some consideration, this would we it, got to nor down they how would it say, and say sincerely: most in face the future, Whatever we out, get and they out, did when get the bestprepared will people the be best for prepared any heartsick "we for were see could we 1 eventuality. favors "Fortune the best prepared."whatever And nothing for but rock miles ahead."point young people at, have reached or arrived may they would still long, They were a hunweary well forth faith go with solid plans, and make fully prepare and dred miles or Bluff more from and live to lives. their recall the recently reported of counsel We an to seem until have the been seventh eminent American three suggested factors for who solid the living in getting river. from the away On life: first is of is "humility."2 The all so There that of us much the eighth is "It wrote: Aunt a Jody is not so know. do others There us. for have much done There our wonder are wagons not broken is so all to that of us the is given. much has Lord Humility God to pieces, for is today worse. even a great simple essential and quality and of character. second The to have go a rocky place, We down is "hard willingness work"to work. the sometimes see 2—the We it is slick; steep and the hang men results; fruit. see flower, the the see we to seems what an be We to the of back the it to wagon keep overnight success. see are the roots seldom more What we down rolling from on the horses, or from the deep; long working, the waiting, long the long of period tipping forward up over them. They preparation. cause significantly ever served was the No without

to have wait till one is out of wagon earnest effort of preparing, is improving, performing. third The

before the way another start, can "integrity."isn't is anything 2 There has that that anyone worth

much without it. Talent isn't worth much without integrity; inbecause there is no place at the

deed, it is more likely a liability. No material possessions can bottom to stop—just down and up like

be safeguarded or assured without integrity—and without it little a V. The horses have to rest so often

business between people is possible. Integrity is the very essence going up the hill, and as soon as they

of all satisfactory relationships in life. To these three we would do the wagons start to roll back, and

add a fourth—although not from the same source: courage, the we have to block the wheels by

courage to plan, to prepare, to work, to wait, to face facts: courage putting rocks back of them. This is

and faith in the future. Surely there are uncertainties. We, none dangerous, we are afraid of being

of us, know how far our ventures will prosper, how long, how crushed. We have been walking

much we can profit by our preparation—but "fortune favors the most of the way for two days. This

best prepared"—and we have the faith to prepare, to lay solid is just as hard on the women and

foundations; with humility, hard work, integrity, and couragechildren as on the men and horses.

courage and faith for the future. Backs were made for the burden, or

ours would have been long broken 1Source unknown.

I guess things could 2Accredited be worse—to J. Edgar Hoover. ago.

we are all alive and well and the "The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the sun is shining."

Columbia Broadcasting System, June 7, 1959. Copyright 1959.

With the next entry in the diary, made on the thirteenth, the company is supposed to have been in the neighborhood of Clay Hill, "such a had what they called a raft for crossdren and I in the wagon. He drove terrible road,"and then some pages

ing the river, a kind of rough floor on to this raft, and the wagon was are lost, so it is not known just when built on two boats, and on to this securely tied to it with ropes. The they arrived at Bluff, and how much

they drove a wagon at a time. Of men started to rowing, and down more than a month, if any, they

this on the fourth of November, the raft and all went into the water spent on the road. The next entry,

Josephine writes: "Now it is our with a splash. My heart went faint, without a date: "We are happy to

turn—O pray for us! The raft was I went blind and clung to my babies. get to Bluff. Our horses are tired

pushed up on the bank, Brother I shall never forget my feeling as out, so are we, but we got here

Fred Jones was driving, my chilwe went down into the water, and alive; the Lord was surely with us."

608 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Mormons in the leutians

by Bob Whittaker

When one mentions the Aleutian Islands, only a much consequence. The most important fighting

few will have any idea just where they are or what took place at Attu, nearest Japan. Rut giving in to

they are like. Of course, the big feature of the area the bitter weather and fighting, the Japanese withdrew

is the fortyninth state, Alaska, but to a handful of under cover of dense fog. American forces have since

Latterday Saints, the Aleutians are as much a part occupied three important Aleutian bases, Attu, Dutch of this new addition to the United States as the much Harbor, and the biggest, Adak. At present, Shemtalked-about mainland itself. This then is a report ya and Adak are maintained as important bases.

of the "Northernmost Mormons."Adak lies between the Rering Sea on the west and

The great expanse and wealth of Alaska has often the Pacific on the east. It is about 1500 miles from

been repeated of late and one naturally thinks of that Anchorage, Alaska, and just slightly fewer miles from large area bordering close to the Russian empire, but Japan. To the north is the closest big neighbor,

stringing out westward from the Alaskan mainland Russia, just 700 miles away. A few miles in each

are groups of islands comprising the Aleutian chain. direction can be seen the majestic cones of semiActually, these "islands"are tops of a giant mountain active volcanoes. Since most of the Aleutian chain

chain formed many eons ago by volcanic action deep is volcanic in origin, some of these cones come to life within the earth's crust. The islands are barren of at times. Earthquakes come and go with the wind,

trees, and little life is now sustained on the greater but only a few are very violent. The wind blows

part of them. Discovered and explored by the Rusalmost continually, sometimes reaching 120 miles an

sians during the 1700's, they were found to be inhour. Rainfall averages about 44 inches annually.

habited by many types of furbearing animals and During the winter months, Adak experiences some a proud race of hearty people, the Aleuts. Rut over snow, much "horizontal rain,"and much wind;

the ensuing years, great numbers of animals and temperatures average in the 30's. However, during

Aleuts were killed and the islands despoiled for whatthe summer, it gets up to a warm 65 F. occasionally,

ever profit might be gained. Once the Aleut nation but there is still much wind and rain. In summertime,

numbered many thousands, now just a few hundred too, the tundra turns from a brown to a vivid green, are left, most of these on the island of Atka. When and hundreds of wild flowers dot the rolling hills.

William H. Seward made his dramatic purchase for The only trees on the island are some leftover Christthe United States, the Aleutian Islands were included mas trees set in the sod at "Adak National Forest."For

in the deal. No one seemed to give them much the sportsmen, Adak is a fishing paradise. Dollythought until World War II when their strategic vardin trout and salmon are plentiful during the

importance was fully realized. summer.

The Japanese had fished the Aleutian waters of the On this "remote"outpost, LDS meetings have a

North Pacific and the Rering Sea for many years representation of all the service as well as a number prior to the war, and so when war broke out, the of government civilian employees and servicemen

Japanese moved in. They actually took over several families. Adak is a naval base, long devoid of Aleuts,

of the islands but were unable to set up bases of and so the "community"is strictly a government

AUGUST 1959 609 function. There is no "town."At Brother Ford is president of the Adak veloping his 92 B. C. plot or his

priesthood meeting and Sunday chapter of P-TA, and Brother Whitreflection upon his experience with

School it is not uncommon to see taker is publicity chairman of P-TA his contemporaries that gave him the uniforms of the Navy, Army, and the Boy Scouts. Since the depause, Joseph appended a profound

Air Force, Coast Guard, Marines, parture of Brother Dale Brown many warning."( P. 35. ) That is, it should

and occasionally a member of the months ago, the group has been have been "characteristic of the

Geodetic Survey. All of these servwithout an accompanist. A record milieu,"according to Dr. O'Dea's

ices have important missions to perplayer and organ accompaniment calculations, yet it was not, because form on "The Pearl of the Aleutians,"records are used. that rascal Joseph Smith insisted on

or called by most, "The Rock."In addition to priesthood meeting forcing it into another milieu—

The Adak LDS Group is attached and Sunday School, the group meets that of 92 B. C. We challenge

to the West Anchorage Branch, but each Sunday evening at one of three Dr. O'Dea to name a century bevisits to the "home"branch are rare, homes for fireside. These are govtween the first and the twentieth

since it is some 1500 miles distant, ernment quarters, since there are no A.D. in which the "content"of

and the only way is by expensive "private"homes on the island. A which he speaks was not only prescommercial aircraft, or "spaceregular lesson is presented, except ent but also conspicuous in the

available"ships. With fairly limited the last Sunday of each month which Christian world: the Reformation

facilities, the group has had to funcis given to a socialtype gathering. was only one of many expressions

tion almost when and where it could. Among the few members and init has taken through the centuries.

For quite some time, priesthood vestigators the "Mormon movement"Again, it is impossible to take any meeting and Sunday School were can be traced to all corners of the position regarding baptism that has held in a small TV room of the world. Needless to say, a great not been taken by one religious

Armed Forces TV Service. It was deal of spare time is used in telling group or another in the past; so

disconcerting, especially to the and showing pictures of faraway while the Book of Mormon concept youngsters, to try to hold religious places, reminiscing, and yearning. of baptism conforms to none of the

services in such an atmosphere. The Considering the twice weekly mail familiar Christian patterns, it may

group changed from morning to and a once-a-month boat with packbe broken down arbitrarily into afternoon hours and was able to ages, this remote outpost hears a lot fragments that may be held to sugmeet in the small auditorium of a about "home"and warmer climes. gest aspects of baptism as practised

religious education building annexed But even here, thousands of miles by somebody or other, and so claim to the base chapel. This was an imfrom home, the power of the gospel to have discovered the source of

provement for the ten to twenty was illustrated not long ago. The the Book of Mormon ideas on the

members who came out. Now, the chance meeting of two priesthood subject, as Dr. O'Dea does. 75

group has moved into the base members brought to light a distant Parallels to Taste:—The grabbag

chapel where a more sacred atmosrelationship. For many years, one had method exemplified by Dr. O'Dea

phere can be maintained. The size supposed his father to be dead and makes it possible for the experts,

of the attendance is dictated by could find nothing on his paternal each feeling his own part of the work schedules, transportation, and genealogy. Not only did the meeting elephant, to propound with perfect

the weather. prove the father to be alive, but also confidence diametrically conflicting

With constantly rotating personrevealed the missing genealogy line, explanations of the Book of Mornel, it is difficult to hold together and the work was completed. mon. Thus some scholars tell us

the few officers of the group, or When the westward movement of that the Book of Mormon could only even to plan ahead from one Sunday the Mormons began over a hundred have been written by "a man of to the next. Brother O. C. Ford years ago, few then could visualize learning,"that "the real author...

the of magnitude the gospel and well just was acquainted the withis leader. group his wife Zelma, He,

far west it go. But, classics,"here how would others insist 70 while that sons Leslieand Barry and have been

just as on Adak, in other places of "only an ignorant man could have almost threeon Adak years. Both

world, the to it."77 continues Church produced areFords of the government employees

the Navy. Assistant group leader be an everpresent influence and inToday certain professors find that

and Sunday School teacher is L. M. spiration in the lives of the small "the intellectuality of the Book of

(Bob) Whittaker, an Air Force 1/Lt, LDS Group. As long as the elements Mormon and its appeal as a reasonand Navyman Vaughn Failner is aswill permit, the Adak Latterday able answer to the problems of exsistant group leader. Uray Funk, Saints will continue to worship, and istence and salvation are quite

another civilian employee, was rejoin in fellowship that will make the obvious,"78 and assure us that the placed as priesthood teacher by Don stay on "The Rock"a little less lonebook "satisfied the inbred desire of

Bowers, of the Naval communicasome and an experience that will Yorkers to achieve an orderly, intellectual formulationtions their of station. becook, long be remembered. Navy tug A

liefs."this be the 79 CanAlex Briskie book same from American Samoa

was group secretary until his rotawhich Dr. Davis is calling "the gibtion, and that position is now filled What Frontier, What berish of a crazy boy?"80

by Marine Master Sergeant Stanley Camp Meeting? For Professor Meinhold the Book

Titcombe. Teaching the youngsters of Mormon contains no historv, but

has been assigned to Sister Jo Whit- (Continued) fession of faith, so a wonderful philosophy of history.

taker, Sister Ford, and Sister D. E. characteristic of the milieu, did not For Professor Arbaugh it is the other

Seyboldt. Many of these officers pass without qualification.... way round: "Mormon scriptures conare active in many other activities. Whether it was the problems of detain items of purported history, but,

610 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

The Concert Model of the Hammond Organ in oak, a splendid style for the contemporary church

.. lower Better music tomorrow.

upkeep in all the years ahead!

YOUR CHURCH can enjoy the glorious Remarkable versatility of tone. Lasting durability in any climate.* Neither

music of the Hammond Organ—without Thousands of extreme heat nor cold, nor severe humidthe burden of upkeep expense that organ tones can be easily ity can affect the performance of your

music ordinarily entails. blended for the Hammond Organ. It is precision built

How is this made possible? Because magnificent rendto play year after year.

Hammond totally eliminates a major and ering of all types Permanent Pitch. It is this feature that

recurring expense—tuning the organ. of church literamakes Hammond the only organ that

You will never have any tuning expense ture by means of Hammond's exclusive can never go out of tune... that elimiwith the Hammond Organ, for it can Harmonic Drawbars. nates all tuning expense. *

never go out of tune I* Cathedral tone quality in any type of To hear a free organ concert, see a

Glorious music combined with lower enclosure. Even the smallest church can color film, or receive a booklet on fund

upkeep is yours only with the Hammond enjoy resonant tones with Hammond's raising, just mail the coupons below.

Organ. What makes it possible are these exclusive reverberation control and Address Hammond Organ Company,

unique Hammond advantages.. threechannel amplification. 4220 W. Diversey Ave., Chicago 39, 111.

*Pertains to Spinet, Home, Church and Concert Models. {Except Solo Pedal Unit of Concert Model.)

THE HAMMOND ORGAN Choice of over 43,000 institutions

To bring your church better music, just mail these coupons

is in: interested Our church

telling booklet Please send your me film color a about the |1 Pleasedescribingsendthemevariouscompletemodelsliteratureof the raise our church can how money Organ. for ViewingHammond

an organ. f| Hearing a free organ concert. Hammond Organ.

Name Name Name ChurchChurch- ChurchAddress- AddressAddress-

City & Zone City & ZoneCity & Zone County & State County & StateCounty & )1959,StateHAMMOND ORGAN COMPANY

AUGUST 1959 611 TRAINING THE PERSON...

... for business... for life significantly, no philosophy of history."81

LDS Business College equips young people to meet life Investigators as different as Gibbs,

Brodie, and Eduard Meyer have successfully... educationally, socially, religiously. commented on the remarkable consistency of the Book of Mormon,

Four big advantages for you at LDS: which for Mr. Bernard DeVoto was

nothing but a "yeasty fermentation,

BUSINESS formless, aimless, and inconceivably absurd.'"32 Years later, to be sure,

TRAINING admitted he DeVoto lying, but was 1 solid of majority scholars are latest the Training with the 83 him. still with office machines, accounting procedures and business techniques is Critics have detected fraud in the

available from the finest, most qualiBook of Mormon on the one hand fied teachers. Special honors and in their discovery that it "determines

awards are made to students who none of the great questions pending show marked distinction in their the world at large, but only minor work. difficulties that would have been

likely to reach a western village,"84 and on the other hand in the equally

SOCIAL astute discovery that it simply reACTIVITY flects the great issues about which "men in different parts of the coun-2 A fully integrated protry were thinking...,"85 Again,

gram includes social, cultural, and which is it to be, great issues or athletic activities for building self small, that damn the Book of Morassurance and leadership and develmon?

oping latent talents. An excellent While one school of investigators

dormitory is maintained at moderate sees in the Book of Mormon an "alrates for girls. Other living accomtogether remarkable production of

modations are also available at an overimaginative mind..."the

reasonable rates. work of "an audacious and original

mind... marvellously fecund imRELIGIOUS agination,"etc., 8 '1 others can detect

"a destitution perfect of inventive in its writer."a power "Not 3 InstituteTRAININGof religion only of spark imagination or invention

classes make the scriptures come to enlivens the weary sameness of the life and give students a practical outannalist."87

look on the religion of the Latterday A learned English divine in 1886

Saints. These institute classes help felt to reject the Book of Mormon

to give students the wellrounded in spite of "all its air of sincerity education so important to proper and truth; for all the striking and

adult development. often beautiful passages that it contains."88 Yet how many critics detect those qualities in the work?

EMPLOYMENT The usual reaction is: "In nothing

SERVICE does the line, style, invention, con-4, ception, content and purpose reveal

The placement service the hand of a master, let alone of actively covers the intermountain inDivine inspiration."89

dustrial area, finding the most suitable positions for graduates. Also, FOOTNOTES

students wishing parttime work will 51 Quote is from J. D. Kingsbury, op. cit.,

be assisted in every way possible. p. 6.

Employment assistance is available 5The Book of Mormon itself is "interthroughout the student's business spersed with the catchwords of the Methodist camp meeting exhorter,"according to Hastings'Encyclopedia XI, 86. For a

FALL QUARTER BEGINS SEPTEMBER 14 particularlyLemonnier, LesgaudyMormonsdescription(Paris:see GalliLeon

Write or Call for Full Information mard,shend, 1948),The Conversionp. 17; and ofGeorgeMormonismTown-

(Hartford: Church Missions Publishing

Co., 1911) pp. 13f.

5:!E. S. Bates, American Faith (New

York: W. W. Norton, 1940), p. 341. I. W.

Riley, Founder of Mormonism (1902), p. Business QCCege LDS

70 NORTH MAIN ST. SALT LAKE CITY PHONE EM 3-2765

612 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA FAST SERVICE when you need it. Around the clock,

throughout the country, the man from Farmers is as near PROTECTION AGAINST as a telephone. He moves fast to help you. UNINSURED DRIVERS

heard you of someone Have injured was who FAIR of claims is the rule SETTLEMENT at Farmers. No uninsured motorist collect? couldn't by an and red or delays. tape times claims are settled Many the same liability All policies auto Farmers automatithe occurs! accident day cally in protection provide such cases—paying

FRIENDLY PEOPLE are ready and willing to serve you as much as $10,000. Ask any Farmers Agent

quickly, efficiently, cheerfully. Just call. for full details.

FARMERS SAVES YOU MONEY!

COMPARE THE COST of Farmers with any other auto insurance.

Farmers low, low rates mean real better service, broad coverage - MOREsavings.INSURANCEAnd Farmersprotectiongives youfor INSURANCE

dollar. your GROUP ] GET ADDED PREMIUM allows DISCOUNTS. Farmers a 10%

reduction to accidentfree a drivers and additional discount 25% Symbol of\fuperiorJerrice On car, second if you qualify. 'Discount available not in Washington.

AUTO LIFE FIRE TRUCK Farmers Auto Insurance CALL FARMERS INSURANCE GROUP

AUGUST 1959 613

Daily Air Service

".. goes further: 85, even etENGLEN of the of Book Mormon can. thebecontentstraced

to. CANYON

the PAG E Indian.. ideascountrywhichwhereJosephhe pickedlived."upNotin

merely frontier—Indian country!

"Fawn M. Brodie, No Man Knows my

History, (New York: A. Knopf, 1946) FLAGSTAFF, KANAB pp. 9-10.

53W. R. Cross, BurnedOver District, pp.

146-8, 138140.

5(iD. B. Davis, New England Quarterly,

26: 151. 57Brodie, op. cit., p. 14.

S8Nancy Towle, Vicissitudes Illustrated (Charleston: J. L. Burges, 1832). It is plain

that Mrs. Brodie read only the part dealing with Towle's visit to Kirtland in 1831,

which she distorts in her usual fashion, reporting, e.g., that Miss Towle "blundered"into Kirtland (Brodie, p. 103),

while Miss Towle's own account is that she had long planned and carefully arranged her visit to that place.

59N. Towle, op. cit., p. 146.

c0Ibid., pp. 198, 157.

01For example, ibid., pp. 124-5. The

call thing she can people is "superLIGHT ROUTES PROPOSED ibid., 54. p. LINE HEAVY PRESENT ROUTES LtNE worststitious,"02

cit., I, ciii. op. J. Remy,

C3She commiserates a fellowevangelist for being forced by unusual circumstances to preach in the open air at the risk of for Write Bonanza's ibid., health, 82. her p. p. 54, cf.

color folders on a eiIbid., 53. 33, pp. variety of Tours Package

"Ibid., 170 212, 21, 17. 171, pp. to the spots 2< 185, fun

of the West oaShe tells how "the very bigoted Meth-

P. O. Box 391, odists"of Geneva, New York, near PalLas Vegas, Nevada. myra, refused her their chapel, p. 152.

reports, "that she honor,"FLY BONANZA AIR LINES persecuted,Though she tried hard to get herself cf. Ibid., 6263, "was denied me."pp. 41,

17, 23, 28, 41, 54, 94, etc. Only the

Mormons had that honor, p. 146.

"Ibid., pp. 165, n. 1; 164f, 165, n. 1.

The Methodist Quarterly Review (ed.

Geo. Peck, D.D.), XXV ('1843) Vol. 3,

p. 126, cf. 128.

"Ibid., p. 126, cf. pp. 123f.

70T. O'Dea, The Mormons, p. 32.

nIbid., p. 28. On page 31 we read that

"the extremes of religious enthusiasm...

follow upon the revivals... later in the GREATEST decade... Yet these extremes are

To Europe by ship gives you more for your transportation supposed to have produced the Book of dollar (costs less, too)! Aboard any spacious Cunarder Mormon.

you enjoy famous food, fun and service... a vacation in "'-Ibid., p. 102; only in Britain did Miss

itself. Handy pier... reliable schedules... generous free 59;Towleshe havevividlyfearsdescribesfor her thelife,poverty,op. cit.,vio-p.

baggage allowance. And you arrive refreshed. lence, and insecurity of English lower

society. Recently Chief Justice Jackson

observed that the American public differs most sharply from the European in its abhorrence of violence: mob action is the CHOICE rule in European political history, the exAlways widest choice of dates, ships, rates, accommodaception in America.

cit., 73Riley, op. cit., p. 135; Davis, op. in tions the Atlantic's of 3 sailbiggest average fleet. An

154-5, 158. service... including express ings a to pp. to Europe week ". cit., op. "O'Dea, p. 28, cf. p. 27:

Cherbourg and Southampton by the Queen Elizabeth its [the Book of Mormon's] fundamental..

and Queen Mary, world's largest superliners. theme combines the concomitance of

righteousness and prosperity of the later

Calvinists with the call to repentance and humility of revivalistic Christianity."If

Dr. O'Dea troubled to read such odd items

as the Bible, the Greek Poets, or the Over 118 years'CUHARDexperience assures utmost comfort, Fathers of the Church he would discover pleasure on a Cunard crossing. And for thrilling cruise thatmonopolythese ofteachingsCalvinistsareandbyrevivalists.no means a

vacations, Cunard's yearround program of cruises to Ibid., pp. 3536, accusing the Book of

delight every taste, budget, vacation schedule. Mormon of "ambiguity on the question of

baptism"because it does not conform to

See your travel agent. oneCatholic,patternandbutEpiscopaliansuggests Baptist,ideas.Arminian,

G<rffa*f7?wi <4 iTtf CUNARD

614 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA E. D. Howe, Mormonism (1840), p.

"Van Pelt, in SchafJHerzog Encyclopedia VIII, 13.

wO'Dea, op. cit., p. 31.

7"Cross, op. cit., p. 145.

Davis,ra P. Meinhold,op. cit.,inp. Saeculum148. V (1954),

p. 86. G. Arbaugh, Revelation in Mormonism, p. 5.

"-'Ed. Meyer, Ursprung und Geschichte

der Mormoren., p. 78; Meinhold, op. cit.,

p. 67. B. De Voto, in The American

Mercury, Jan. 1930, p. 5.

83De Voto, in The Improvement Era, 49 (Mar. 1946), p. 154. See Francis W.

Kirkham, A New Witness for Christ in

America II, 351-3. D. B. Davis'article of

1953, op. cit., is a faithful echo of the

De Voto.earlier*4

Mormonism, p. 281; J. B. J. Hyde,

Turner, Mormonism in All Ages, p. 203.

S5H. M. Beardsley, Joseph Smith and

His Mormon Empire (Boston, New York:

Houghton Mifflin, 1931), p. 81.

8(iM. A. Sbresny, Mormonism: As It Is

Today (London: A. H. Stockwell, no

date), p. 25; cf. Beardsley, op. cit., p. 4;

J. F. Gibbs, Lights & Shadows of Mormonism (Salt Lake Tribune Publishing Co.,

1909), p. 57; F. Brodie, % op. cit., pp. 42,

R7D. P. Kidder, Mormonism (1842), p.

88G. Wotherspoon, Mormonism (London, 1886), p. 16.

S"M.H:A. Van Der Valk, De Profeet der

Mormonen Joseph Smith, Jr. (Kampen:

J. H. Kok, 1921), pp. 106-7.

Where Unto Shall I Liken It?

(Continued) sistence to developit, there will be few more rewarding There's a Place for You at BYU activities.

The following may be helpful to a BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY, one of the great universities teacher in learning to teach on the of the world, attracts students from every state and 48 concept level of his students: foreign countries, for it offers all of the advantages of the

1. Teachers should become acbig university yet retains all the friendliness and personal

quainted with the vocabulary level attention of the small college through its democratic spirit, of their students. Teachers often do counseling facilities, housing opportunities and religious

not realize the distance between organizations. Its doors are open to all who can qualify

their vocabulary level and that of with its standards, and awaiting them are the most friendly their students. It might be helpful and active studentbody, finest physical facilities, and outto examine their schoolbooks and standing faculty. Get your education the Y's way. Plan

find outto what magazines and NOW to attend autumn quarter. printed matter they read. Lisother

ten carefully when they speak and notice the terms they use consistentCLIP AND MAIL ly. This should give a pretty good

indication of their vocabulary conFreshman TO: PublicBrighamRelationsYoung DepartmentUniversity, Provo, Utah

cept level.

2. Lesson outlines are generally Orientation Please send me free of charge additional information

written with no particular locality or about Brigham Young University.

pattern in mind.community If the Sept. 2124 I am especially interested in the abstract does not adaptteacher

part of the lesson somewhat to farm vernacular, the vernacular of a particular geographical area or urban Registration NAME locale, and so on, the students may actually not be able to picture the Sept. 2526 ADDRESS

CITY STATE

AUGUST 1959 615 concept the teacher has in mind. express himself concerning what it termine the concept level of his

Jesus talked of the sower, wheat, means to him. The same exercise students.

tares, and of other terms peculiar to of showing a picture and letting the 4. A teacher should observe stuhis time and to the area of his life. students indicate what it means to dents carefully as they speak. He

This adaptation of lesson terminolthem may help the Church teachers should ask questions or tell a story ogy and vernacular is most necessary to see how the healthy growing and note to what words or terms the even today. youngster understands and views his students respond. Then the teacher

3. A teacher will find helpful to environment. No intimation is inshould incorporate these expressions

him a system of projection testing tended here that the teacher will into his teaching vocabulary. He

used in the field of psychometrics. want to use this exercise for the may list them in some permanent

It consists of the use of a picture, same purpose the trained psycholand convenient place so they can be rather nondescript, or even a large ogist does. It is merely a device learned until they are a natural part

shapeless inkblot. This is presented to open up the students'minds to of his teaching vocabulary.

to the subject, and he is asked to the teacher so the teacher can de- 5. When reading, anywhere, anytime, the teacher should evaluate

the stories, examples, and reports he reads for probable use in his teaching activity. Soon he will

quickly spot those illustrations which are useful. Since he had a

purpose in watching for them, he will remember a surprising number of them and be able to recall them Prepare spontaneously as he teaches.

6. A good teacher should endeavor

significance ual out of his everyday for a to do as Jesus did—try to read spiritevents. environment and Some of

the greatest lessons in life are lost because we view things in general Better and not in particular. If a teacher

sees the principles of the gospel in his immediate world, he has a readymade community of interests with Tomorrow his students.

7. A teacher should increase his

acquaintance with the constructive type of literature which is read by at the age group which he is teaching.

This may be Mechanics Illustrated,

Sports Illustrated, Seventeen, Outdoor Life, Children's Friend, The usu Improvement Era, and other appropriate publications. If the students sense that their teacher reads

about and understands their world of interests, they will more readily

Utah's Great Landgrant University project their thinking into a more mature aspect of life. In addition,

the teacher will find many opportuOutstanding Religious and General nities to draw application of spiritual truths from his students'world of

Educational Facilities, High Quality interests.

Faculty, and Modern Residence Halls 8. An earnest teacher will read

professional books on the attitudes, emotions, and developmental pat- "The Best In Liberal And Practical Education"terns of youth of his age group. This

area of understanding is of excepFall Quarter Registration tional value, yet it is one of which many teachers are almost unaware.

September 2526, 1959 Knowledge of the principles of developmental psychology gives the teacher a great deal more poise and confidence and increases his or her ability to be truly creative in preUTAH STATE UNIVERSITY paring lessons which will "click."

LOGAN, UTAH

616 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

The series of articles by Police Chief stability to the mature individual. most helpful, for a teacher is for

W. Cleon Skousen in the Era is an Too often teachers use these abstract him to read and reread the New

excellent source. terms without further elaboration Testament. He should study care-

9. A devoted teacher will pracbecause their long experience in life fully the manner in which the Mastise discussing, telling stories, and has endowed the concept with many ter Teacher brought the crux of

exchanging experiences with indiapplications. Young people still each matter into clear focus so that

viduals or small informal groups of have this growth to make. The his answers were on the concept

the age he's instructing. Such practeacher fails when he or she does not level of his listeners. His teaching

tice will help develop the empathy consciously promote a maximum demethodology has had no peer in the so vital for good teaching when he velopment by giving the students past; it is without peer today. Every

meets his full class. an opportunity to see the principle teacher in his Church should have a

10. A teacher should practise lisat work in situations which are pedeep desire to be as nearly effective

tening to his students. He should culiar to each age group. as he was by using the method

be aware that sometimes teachers 15. A final aid, and one of the which has stood the test of time.

talk too much. A teacher may impart more to his students by giving

to discuss opportunity anthem thanthink their problems through and Get this unusual by giving them a redigested adult 10 COMMANDMENTS opinion. By a few deftly placed

questions or discussions of personal BOOKproblems, a teacher may be able to MARK if you can gain an insight into his students'concept level. "COUNT THIS CASH"

11. As often as possible a teacher

should visit the classes of teachers who are outstandingly successful.

He should try to determine how they achieve their success and then make notes so he can make specific steps for improvement in his own methodology.

12. Another helpful step for a

conscientious teacher is for him to make a tape recording of his class.

The teacher should be forewarned in actionthat himself hearing is YOURS FREE 10 COMMANDMENTS experioften discouraging a highly ence. By the same token it is enBOOK MARK in GLEAMING GOLD FINISH

lightening in the same ratio. It will A distinctive book mark made of ten circlets in gold

give the teacher the best possible finish, each engraved with one of the Commandments.

opportunity to check his techniques Clips to top of back binding. A gift to cherish and use

and methodology and to make conoften. Guaranteed value $1—easily worth more.

crete plans for their improvement.

13. From time to time a progresJust to prove how easily you can earn

sive teacher will give his students $50 CASH and More... in spare time!

his to work. evaluatean opportunity

will mail today. the cash coupon Count and We to indicate allowed should beThey

finish "Ten gleaming, a gift a gold as send you dislike. like or theywhat Commandments"book mark. Included with your

14. When he prepares his lesson, gift wiii be Elmira's "Try It"Sales Kit of Christmas

a teacher should consciously try to cards and gift items. Also included: Free sample

illustrate every abstract term with imprinted note paper, napkins for ordertaking some new element which is or will and catalog showing full line. Turn spare time

be common to his students'daily into money—make up to 100% profit taking

environment. Honesty, for example, orders from friends.

is a highly specific concept to young people. When it is discussed, honMail coupon, or write:CostsELMIRANothingCARD CO.,To Try!Dept. RC34, Elmira, N.Y.

esty should be considered in situaLIMITED OFFER—WRITE TODAY—tions peculiar to the students'—

particular age group. The word ELMIRA CARD CO. Dept. RC34, Elmira, N.Y.

cash. Send my counted $ gift I to a sixobedience one thing means mark. Send book "ten of Commandments"FREE |

Kit, cards APChristmas "TryIt"Sales altogether ONyearold something and | other and stationery, napkins plus sample alsoPROVAL, sixteenyear-old. todifferent a time spare in interested I'm making items. It free

must be applied specifically if there money. I

is to be any growth in those traits Name which will give character and moral Address.

City Zone State Check here for special Group FundRaising Pla-j

AUGUST 1959 617

Romantic and Reckless

(Continued) once they reconcile themselves to a few fundamental rules for dating:

1. Date for fun—to go to a show,

a dance, a party, a sports event, or to Church. 2. Date someone you know—perThe shape of flight hapsboys someoneget the ideaclosetheyto home.have to(Somedate

a girl way off yonder, who doesn't

The shapes of things that fly know them as well as the local have always been determined by girls.

the materials they are made of. 3. Make it a simple date—pick the

Feathers form wings that are girl up, go to the party, have fun, basically alike for all birds—and take her home, thank her for the

membrane forms an entirely difgrand evening and tell her good ferent wing for insects. It takes night.

thousands of years, but nature 4. Avoid the reputation of being

a "mooching Casanova."If that's

improves its materials and all a boy sees in his date the word shapes, just as technology imsoon passes round and he starts proves the materials and shapes getting the goby from the more of aircraft. But here, the improvedesirable girls.

ments in materials are so rapid It helps if a date can be as casual that designs become obsolete and natural as possible. That's the

almost as soon as they become reason for suggesting that a boy functional. look around his own circle of neighToday, ouraeronautical designborhood or schoolfriends before

canvassing the next township. A ers and missile experts work with date with a stranger depends for

types of materials that didn't exist its success on strained and breathjust a few short years ago. Steels less efforts somehow to make an imare probably the most important pression. Such dating usually disexamples: United States Steel credits both parties.

has just developed five new types There is a special problem of datof steel for the missile program. ing for the boy who is looking for

They are steels that have the alhis one and only soul mate, and most unbelievable qualities necwill not date until he finds her.

essary for unearthly flights. Such a boy lives in a dream world.

far that learn to he is He needs girl likely to find The shape and the success of more his dream our space birds depend on steel. if he circulates around in a constellaUSS is a registered trademark tion of dating experiences rather

than roams about like a lonely star broadcasting for his space mate to come orbiting around. Such a boy

United States Steel is also usually bashful and sensitive. Double dating may help break

the ice.

At the other extreme is the boy who has an enterprising mother, u it aunt, schoolteacher, or any of a dozen ambitious "mothers with BURNED OUT daughters"who are always trying

REALLY MEANS BURNED OUT TODAY to set him up. He finds himself

being invited unexpectedly to par-

A fire may mean you are out of a place to live, ties, trips, games, or school socials with tremendous added expense before you find and then finds that a certain girl another. is always there.

Let us explain your need for ample insurance Gradually Junior gets the feeling to cover today's higher values. of smothering. Like a drowning man he feels himself being engulfed. He

UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY strikesof pressures.out to resistHe themaytidalleavewavea

HEBER J. GRANT & CO., General Agents, Salt Lake City

618 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

broken heart in the scramble but he makes no bones about the battle, "My single object was to escape!"

Adults who truly wish to help young people get together can be more successful by simply telling a boy what nice things they heard a certain girl say about him (or vice versa—whichever said the nice

thing first). A young person goes

forward with quickened stride if there is assurance of affinity or reciprocal feelings in the one to be pursued.

Most young people get so much coaching before they go on a date that they find themselves trying to be a dozen other people instead of their natural selves. This is all the

result of insecurity or of acting like dating was "old stuff."The idea is

to make a date feel that Junior has reallv been around. If the date has

will seereally she around been act in a second. Junior'sthrough On with builtin gas savers gives

the other hand, if she is as new at dating as Junior she will resent his act. He is better off following a

few fundamental rules and putting his own best foot forward without trying to copy someone else. The

follows: as rules aresuggested your date the ultimate in pick up you 1. When

don't sit out in front of her house honking your shiny jalopy. Go in gasoline performance

the house, say hello to her folks and tell them what you plan to do for the evening. This gives the family

confidence that you have a worthwhile project for the evening andwon't be "just rodding around."It YOU EXPECT MORE FROM UTOCO UTOCO

you can expect feel theyhelps them at AND YOU GET IT! their daughterto bring home

some kind of a reasonable hour because you operate "according to a plan."Nothing worries the father

of a beautiful daughter more than some gay blade who is asked where they are going, and replies, "Out, just out."2. Show a girl that you are not UTAH OIL REFINING CO,

unfamiliar with the common courtesies which every girl appreciates and most girls expect. Help her with

her coat, anticipate opening doors, allow her to proceed ahead of you through doorways; be quick to introduce her to people you meet. the world over

3. Help her have a good time.

Most girls will indicate what they like to do and what they would Please send a free HOME STUDY catalog to:

do. smartrather not young A

ear to Name eyefellow will and keep an starboard and constantly check the Address changing climate. Once a boy gets City.State

a reputation for being a "swell date"Send to:

HOME STUDY Adult Education and Extension Services

Brigham Young University Provo, Utah

AUGUST 1959 619 he can pick his company almost at go through the jungle of late adochildren; and his grandfather and

will and mow down the competilescence without getting caught in his children; his greatgrandfather

tion. the many marsh traps which are out and his children, and have the work

4. Don't rush the romance. A girl there to snare him. If he is willing done in like manner, linking each

worth dating is particular. to listen to a little commonsense generation with the one that goes

5. Save your kisses for that someadvice from his parents and then before. That is the responsibility

one special. Some boys think they keep his wits about him he can resting upon each man who is at

should start smooching and wooing make it. One boy who recently the head of a household in this

as soon as they get out of sight of emerged from his teens philosophChurch.

a girl's house. A girl appreciates a ically commented, "Toward the last "According to the revealed word

boy whose kisses are saved for I got scared and a little scarred, but of God, the family, when properly someone special. It makes her I made it!"organized, is to remain intact in the

want to qualify. kingdom of God. These families

6. Respect the biological barriers. will be joined together from one

Expressions of affection between a generation to another back even to boy and girl come as natural as blosAdam. It is our duty to perform

soms in spring. But it is one thing Melckizedek Priesthood this labor for our dead in the temto express playful affection and ples. If we want to be in this great

quite another thing to start a pattern (Continued) temple, have his wife family organization, we will have to of intimate lovemaking which besealed to him and have their chiltake steps towards saving our worthy longs to marriage and the building dren sealed to them so that the famdead. If the family organization is

of a family and a home. Every boy ily group will continue throughout not maintained and each generation

learns early how impulsive these eternity. That is the first duty that joined to the one which goes before,

powerful feelings can become. If a man owes to himself, to his wife, we shall find ourselves outside this

he is smart, he will recognize the to his children. He receives this family circle.

biological barriers and respect them. blessing by virtue of the priesthood.""It matters not what else we have

A young man recently confided, And then President Smith conbeen called to do, or what position "The best advice my dad ever gave tinues: "Then it is his duty to seek we may occupy, or how faithfully

me was when he told me about the his record as far back as he can go in other ways we have labored in stop signs on a date."and do the same thing for each the Church, no one is exempt from

It is a genuine mark of human family unit. He should begin with this great obligation. It is required

achievement when a 19year-old can his father and mother and their of the apostle as well as of the NEW FROM! VIRCO The "CHAMPION"

High Quality, Low Budget Folding Chair

Check these outstanding features:

"jAr Reinforced seat

"Can't tip"safetytested * it Three leg braces not two "jc Fusion welded and brazed Tough bakedon enamel finish New longlife plastic leg tips "3 Vircoloy steel - 20% stronger

Virco also offers a complete line of folding chairs and folding tables for every purse and purpose.

VIRCO MANUFACTURING CORP.

P. 0. Box 44846, Station "H"

Los Angeles, California

620 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA humblest elder. Place or distinction,

or long service in the Church, will not entitle one to disregard the salvation of one's dead. If we neglect con lose weight!

the weightier privilege and commandment, notwithstanding all other good works, we shall find ourselves under severe condemnation"with SURE MEALlt's Easy

The Golden Touch Some Rewards that Await You (Continued) But think of the i. You'll Feel better.

great volume of evidence left by 2. You'll Look better.

better. to Think You'll and Work able 3. be the world pass throughthose who

with ease and greater satisfaction. Play more 4. and You'll Swim Dance—Walk—so with greatness, peopletouching of you. will be proud Family. They You'll your Please 5.

that their lives grow and blossom 6. If you want to be More Popular and have More Friends, you can do so.

and produce. 7. You may Prolong your Useful Life.

I know an Aaronic Priesthood ad- 8. You'll Beat the Heat—with our Low Calorie- -Low Heat producing SURE MEAL,

viser, for example, who for many 9. You'lla. You'llSavebuyMoney.regular clothes off the racks.

years has had one hundred percent b. As your general Health improves—you'll cut your medical expenses.

of his boys earn an individual c. Your food bills will be decreased while you reduce—and afterward.

Aaronic Priesthood award. He 10. Your Confidence, Courage and Feeling of Assurance will be increased as you bring

visits them in their homes; they are the weight problem under control.

inspired by his lessons; they feelthe genuineness of his interest. Boys How you can Reduce with SURE MEAL

all the furnish to scientifically is formulated that First MEAL SURE should know you respond always like alfalfa: theyare meal). per (only 241 calories calorie in meal needs, a low the elements body condinutritional right theimmediately when milk. grains and vegetables, Protein from of get 20 grams you SURE MEAL In one

tions of fertility, moisture, and cliNineteen Amino Acids are present. Just the right amount of carefully selected carbomate are present. Seventy of the hydrates and less than 1% fat.

appetite. your to stupefy you or dull Drugs are no There inthe under been haveboys who supplies everything your body SURE because MEAL pangs hunger no are There this gone adviser have offluence needed. normally and Minerals Vitamins including the craves

on missions. How grateful they Most people will lose 3 to 6 lbs. on 9 successive SURE MEALS—then use SURE MEAL

will always be that he has touched twice a day with one other regular meal. If you are a very hard working man or

you more. even or Calories as 600 third as much supply can you meal the spiritual vitalwoman, let his their lives and

held should be third Ifdown the meal people), overweight (as active slightly most only are roots. their invigorate ity until your reach lbs. you to lose 2 a week, You'll find it easy less. or Calories—to 300

The following poem is written desired weight. Then use SURE MEAL once a day to keep your body in good nutritional

about one whose touch was good: balance, and control your calorie intake so you can hold your weight right where you

want it.

TOUCHING SHOULDERS is DELICIOUSSURE MEAL thought at the comforting a There's the provides juices. shaker simple or milk skim or whole A It's with to mix so easy of close the day for a delicious SURE hot Milk, MEAL water and use Powdered best method. You may

When I'm weary and lonely and sad, warm drink.

That sort of grips hold of my crusty heart old DECIDE NOWbidsAnd You'll be surprised how well SURE MEAL will hold you from meal to it be merry and glad. to go ahead.

It gets in my soul and it drives out meal. Most of all, you'll be happy to see the pounds of extra weight disappear.

the blues, Feel free to talk to your Doctor about SURE MEAL. Show him the folder you get

And finally thrills through and with your order—he can check the contents for you. SURE MEAL is just good HIGH

through; PROTEIN FOOD.

It is just a sweet memory that chants the refrain Send today "I'm glad I touched shoulders with for the economical 40 meal size—only $9.00. Chocolate or Vanilla flavor. Postage

you! Prepaid.

Did you know you were brave, did you know you were strong? SPECIAL Don Lyman & Associates

Did you know there was one leaning INTRODUCTORY 472 South 10th East hard? OFFER Salt Lake City, Utah, Phone EMpire 3-9674

Did you know that I waited and lisPlease Send tened and prayed, My Personal Supply of Sure Meal.

And was cheered by your simplest Name word?

Did you know that I longed for that Address smile on your face, City State (Continued on page 627) 40 Meal size-$9.00 20 Meal size-$4.75

Vanilla Chocolate Send Check or Money Order to save C.O.D. charges.

AUGUST 1959 621 Today's Family, Florence B. Pinnock, Editor

Is there anyone who doesn't like ice cream, espeberries to guests, just as we do today. Whatever

cially when the sun beats down in August, and there picture you have in your mind of George Washington, isn't the faintest hint of a breeze? American people will you add the fact that he loved ice cream? When

consume billions of quarts a year; in fact, last year he was President of this country in the summer of

they ate well over a billion gallons. Did you have 1790 and living in New York, he bought about $200

your share? worth of ice cream from just one man. At that rate

The discovery of ice cream goes farther back than he must have had ice cream every day. You see you

the celebrated Dolly Madison. We are told that are in good company when you enjoy ice cream.

when Marco Polo returned from one of his travels Frozen dessert can be made with so little effort he brought back a recipe for a fruit ice made with with the electric icecream freezer. Oldfashioned ice

milk. Then later Charles I of England enjoyed his cream is just minutes away. If you really want to be

cook's recipe for ice cream so much he tried to keep popular one of these warm evenings, round up all the it a secret. I guess he didn't realize that a recipe neighbors and serve big dishes of homemade ice

belongs to the whole world and the only thing any cream.

of us can keep to ourselves is the personal "know how"Fiftyfive years ago at the World's Fair in St.

of making the recipe better than anyone else. So Louis the ice cream cone was born. We are told

his recipe didn't stay secret very long. It hopped that one day the ice cream booth ran out of dishes

across the Atlantic Ocean to that new country, Amerand a nearby pastry stand came to the rescue. The

ica. Soon Governor Bladen of Maryland, on a very owner, a Syrian gentleman named Ernest Hamwi,

special occasion, served ice cream covered with strawrolled out thin waferlike waffles into a'shape of a

622 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

SOMETHING'S STIRRING! Have you heard talk lately about Rancho Vegetable Soup?

What tickles us is that folks say they love it. We hear comments like "real fresh

vegetable flavor... nicer color... more body.. better seasoned."Why not an opinion

pollfrom yourfamily on Rancho Vegetable Soup? Tonight, perhaps? Tomorrow, sure!

For your Ward Parties 1 2 VARIETIES TO

CHOOSE FROM POTATO & EGG MACARONI COLE SLAW STRAWMELLOW BLACK CHERRY cornucopia. This cornucopia FRUIT SALAD MANDARIN

filled with ice cream was an WALDORF

PERFECTION in lime gelatin)instant success. It was not until.ife (vegetables

1906 that the word cornucopia LIME DELIGHT in lime cheese (cottage pineapple) withwas shortened to cone. Wilgelatin

Frozen dishes are so versatile. MOLDED GOLD

They may be served as appe- (carrotin oranget> pineapplegelatin) desrelishes, tizers, salads, and HAWAIIAN in lemon gelatin) Mi IB#laML (pineapple deliserts. they are way Any

cious.

For an especially delicious Call DAvis 2-1291 appetizer try grapefruit cocktail found in the February issue of the Era. The January Era

held the recipe of the best frozen fruit salad. It will more

than pay you to look up these back issues.

We are told that the turkey is for any month in the year.

Bulk Chili Con Carne for Parties

AUGUST 1959 623 Add Eye Appeal

If to you Vz happen serving turkey, juice be cup lemon and Vitamin C this hot, try cold or shercranberry sugar 1 cup bet with it and listen to the raves. 1 cup skim milk

Vt teaspoon salt Cranberry Sherbet (use as relish) Few drops of pistachio flavoring.

1 cup sugar 1 cup water Put ripe avocados through sieve.

2 cups cranberries Dissolve sugar in the milk then stir

Vz cup grapefruit juice in avocado pulp and fruit juices.

Freeze in 1 quart freezer until propSet refrigerator at coldest setting. er consistency. Pack for 2 hours

Cook first 3 ingredients for about and serve. Makes 6 to 8 servings.

15 minutes. Cool. Pour into For those of you who haven't an

blender; blend 1 minute. Add grapeice cream freezer here are three

fruit juice and blend 1 minute more. mouthwatering, heatsquelching rePour into trays and freeze. You do frigerator frozen desserts.

not have to stir while freezing.

- Serve right along with the turkey. If PeppermintStick Ice Cream Fruit you haven't a blender, stir through

a coarse sieve. 1 tablespoon gelatin

For that basic ice cream recipe Vi cup cold milk Freeze freezer, try this for the one. scalded milk cups 1% "nofailure"Easy way to freeze crushed 1 cup peppermint candy or Vanilla can your fruits Ice Frozen Cream

discoloration Stops and protects 2 quarts milk, heated Vi2 teaspooncups whippingsalt cream natural fruit flavor flour Keeps fruit salads fresh for % cup hours before serving 5 eggs Soften gelatin in cold milk, dis- 3 cups sugar in milk. solve hot salt and Add extra vitamin or Adds C to frozen

salt stir 1 teaspoon dissolves. and candy until candy juices—canned flavor improves

vanilla tablespoons firm. 2 frozen Freeze mixture Break n e 98jzf is can

1 quart whipping a with spoon. cream into chunks Turn for enough 75 lbs. CS9>.

of fruit 1 teaspoon lemon extract into chilled bowl, beat until smooth with beater. Fold in whipped

Combine flour and sugar thorcream. Return to refrigerator tray

oughly. Add to hot milk and cook and freeze until firm. Serves 6 to 8.

until slightly thickened, stirring conDelicious chocolate cake. served on |ruitstantly. over Pour beaten egg yolks. Freeze

stir in salt vanilla, Cool and and and Sherbet Pineapple fold in beaten egg whites and whipped cream. Freeze in a 6 quart Boil for 3 minutes 3 cups sugar

1958, Merck & Co. Inc. freezer. and IV2 cups water. Cool. Pour

Now if you are really lazy and it over the beaten whites of 3 eggs.

hot, get out your freezer and just Add juice of 3 lemons and 3 oranges

Save your Eras itdumpand thefreezefollowingby handingredientsor electricity.into andcan gratedgrated rindpineapple,of 3 oranges,3 cups1 smallmilk.

in a maroon looseleaf Freeze over night. In morning beat

Fabrikoid binder Lemon lee Cream with beater and fold in IV2 cups 2 quarts of milk cream that has been whipped.

$1.75 4 cups sugar Freeze again stirring once again. In

this recipe the the 3 is number juice cup lemon % Era The Improvement,it will serve but magic number, 1 table cup cream North Main Street 50 that times number. IV2 teaspoons extract many lemon

Salt Lake City 11, Utah For a very simple, economical

Mix and freeze—relax and eat. cold dessert try this Lime Sherbet.

Virginia Dr. F. back Cut- A while Sherbet Lime

ler, wellknown economist, home is to time the plan NOW a very with up unusual came comof 1 Dissolve lime package Jello to: that Trip European of bination toingredients—mixed in water. juice hot 1 cup of 2 Add Olympic 1960 Games—Rome, gether they delicious, a make sugar. lemons Cool. cups and Wz Passion Play—Oberamergau refreshing ice smooth, cream. milk. of in 1 quart trays Freeze Add

Avocado Ice Cream of refrigerator and stir it a number We can help you! of times as it freezes.

1 cup mashed avocado pulp (2 to Why don't you start this very

MURDOCK Vz cup3 veryorangeripejuiceavocados) thoseafternoonmillionsin gettingupon millionsyour shareof galof - TRA VEL Vz cup pineapple juice lons of ice cream?

51 North State Street Salt Lake City, Utah Dial DAvis 2-1129 (A word to the wise is sufficient)

624 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA BENNETT'S KRILIKOTE jgi jggfr jm jrf&SSwg?.-z-Mz- A

Open and stir Paint your walls Clean up with water

No Turpentine No Solvents No Fumes No Mess!

Thins with water. BENNETT'S KRILIKOTE is a tough, washable wall paint available in 1,322 Colorizer colors.

PAINTS ON BEING A LADY Gtbte If a wand could be waved over \SjeMMj(jfcL your head and you were given one 65 W. 1st South—21st So. & 2nd West and Bennett's branches

wish, what would it be? A million and dealers in the Intermountain area and Southern California

dollars? I don't think so. I believe

you and ninetynine percent of your young friends would wish to be popular, to be accepted by your group, to be loved. Wishes are all

right in their place, fun for the moment, but unless this spoken desire has a full, will in back of it and also a sincere effort, you might just Theas well wish for the moon. Don't MY!

be like the little boy who prayed

Santa Christmas,just before "Make Things Women boy."think I'm a goodClaus No

effort on his part, no working fora whole year at being a good boy, are Interested In no effort, just wish!

Of course, you want to be liked. c= Everything from pleats to psychology. And it's \

it right about are doing youWhat can all presented to her in the women's pages of all you doing Are younow?

...to make you the kind of person even your daily Deseret News. Mary Marker

you would want for a friend? Gladys Gardner... Margaret Masters...

Where should you start? The Sally Tailor... Emily Post. They're all

essence of good manners is doing to there to help her through the day with haveothers you would what them expert advice. You can take pride fjf is reported to you. Queen Marydo

to have said to her two grandin your Deseret News.

daughters Princess Margaret and the then Princess Elizabeth, "You may have been born a princess, but you will have to learn to be a lady."

All skills must be learned. You D.

weren't born knowing how to swim, play tennis, or drive a car. It takes

desire, study, and practise, practise, practise. So it is true of being the

THE MOUNTAIN WEST'S L&lAfrH E W!SPARER

u II- 9 AUGUST 1959 625 DISTINCTIVE BINDINGS kind of person others like. You have

For a Permciljjmnt Reference of the Improvement Era to Itlearnisn't thesmartskills.to be ignorant. It

isn't smart to be rude, to overlook

act. It isn't smart, it's just plain F or 12 issues in handall the niceties, not to care how you

stupid. to learn, have we We have

at to some covers only $3. All to prepare, work we have

orders should be accommaking ourselves someone others panied with 12 Improvewill like.

A mother made this remark the ment Eras and payment in other day, "I was thoroughly advance, plus postage for ashamed of the young people at fireside the other night. Not one

return mail. of those boys or girls thanked their

hostess, not one of those young people had the graciousness to stand

The West's Finest up when the bishop shook hands

Printers and Binders with them; no consideration was

shown for anyone but themselves.

Where are their manners?"

reflects Deseret knowDo thatyou theyoungwayLatterdayyou act Saints on your parents? Your mother and

father are judged by what you do or don't do. Wake up: it's smart to News be "in the know,"and it's still

smarter to act "in the know."

To be rude is to be selfish. "Politeness is to do and say the kindest 33 RICHARDS ST? Press

EM 4-2581 things in the kindest way."It isn't

SALT LAKE CITY, UTa\ oldfashioned to be thoughtful of others. Work at it. Do unto others

as you would have them do to you.

Do any of your friends ever look at you and say, "What's wrong with her? She's sixteen but she certainly

MAIN yearsdoesn'toldact inlikeyearsit."andAre emotionallyyou sixteen

STREET about ten? You've never learned

AT 5TH how to be a lady or perhaps you

SOUTH have never cared. Start caring

enough to learn all the nice things you should in order to be liked.

320 Rooms The Mote! For the next few months in the

Air Conditioned with the Era we are going to talk about you and how you can become liked and

COFFEE SHOP Barber Shop Hotel truly accepted by others. We

Beauty Salon Location haven't made up these rules; Emily

Post hasn't. These rules have grown

through the years and by general acceptance they are universally recognized as being the rules of

An Improvement Era Publication correct behavior. Through abiding

by them you are happier and so are those around you. You will notice

friendliness, politeness, that and "Gospel Ideals this are their basis courtesy and on

In Its Third Edition foundation you will build friends.

We do not find friends; we make

Selections from the Discourses of them.

Each month we will talk about you—the most important person in

President David O. McKay the world. We will talk about what

you can do to the outside of you to make you tops. Then we will dis-

$4.00 at all bookdealers

626 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

cuss what you can do to the inside wake up your salads of you to make you liked, to make you the kind of a person others willlove. Some of the headings will be: with

be clean, be well groomed, be happy, be awake, be appreciative, besincere, be kind, be polite, be Flavor comes to lifeTcudlwhen Tang touches spiritual. Please be with us and a salad! Doesn't matter what kind—

be "in the know."fruit, seafood or vegetable—they're all

tastier with Tang. Try any salad recipe

with Tang and see how much better it

The Golden Touch tastes

(Continued) For the sound of your voice ringing true?

Did you know I grew stronger and better because I had merely touched shoulders with you?

I am glad that I live, that I battle and strive For the place that I know I must fill;

I am thankful for sorrows; I'll meet

with a grin What fortune may send, good or ill.

I may not have wealth, and I may not be great, But I know I shall always be true,

For I have in my life that courage you gave When once I rubbed shoulders with you.—Author Unknown IN USE for SEVENTYFIVE YEARS

i The above is one thrilling applicaAids in treatment of Canker, simple tion of the golden touch which we sore throat and other minor mouth may apply. and throat irritations.

It usually helps us better to understand an idea when we think about with a HALLS REMEDYit LEE its positive negative HOUSEHOLD on both and Salt Lake City. Utah

is, ELECTRICsides. oppoFLOUR MILL an That some have

site kind of touch, one that withers andyour youflourcana too!few hoursStone beforegrind

and blights and destroys. The great baking and taste the difference!

exemplar of this touch of death was Automatic Portable

Lucifer, the once brilliant Son of the Economical Electric life taintedMorning. was His own flavor better Enjoy There is an old rhyme

health better and his rebellion, castwith he and... stone

satanic influence over his friends About 30 days have April, June, your flour! grind

all ofand led away onethird mills. of 4

prices. the and September ChoiceWrite for their forhosts to suffer of heaven

Flour Introductorysins. estimated has that But Someone here's one we'd like you to

Offer—SAVE!

billion livedeighty people have upon with coupon Send remember order check or moneythe since earth Father Even Adam.

lb. Flour pkg. for 5though this figure may not be enstone ground day

it stilltirely accurate, helps us to

LEE ENGINEERINGvisualize vast of 30 days before you move shipped. concourse what a

COMPANY spirits were in the council of heaven, Send your new address together Milwaukee 1, Wis.

onethird of whom, under the influwith your old mailing label to ence of Satan, lost their hope for a LEE ENGINEERING COMPANY, Dept. IE-8-59

body and redemption. Satan cannot 2023 W. Wisconsin Ave., Milwaukee 1, Wis.

be held wholly responsible, as everyThe Improvement Era 'DEAF SMITH FLOUR, 5-lb. pkg. Pp. Only $1.50

I WIS. MINN. FLOUR, 5-lb. pkg. Pp. Only $1.00one must be accountable for his own 50 North Main Street

acts, but it was the blighting touch I NaJame

Salt Lake City 11, Utah Street

I City State

AUGUST 1959 627 End of Satan that set this damaging proclaw chasing him around the country ess in motion. trying to get money for the support Ironing Day There are other people who of his children. But he is detersatanize their fellow men on a mined that regardless of what hapAgony: smaller scale by their seductive perpens to him they will not get a

sonal influence; for example, I know cent. He cannot be persuaded to

How? By using hot Faultless a young man twentynine years of do the right thing even to those he

Starch on washday! Hot age who came to Salt Lake City has injured. As a consequence, these

Faultless penetrates deep sometime ago looking for work. He three women have lost their faith

will his children nature; excellent a fine in appearance, an human ironhad into the cloth—makes father. their hating own married grow education. up been had But he and easy. You'll ing smooth will years next he the twenty three times. exwives In three His

save 20 minutes to an hour with hearts full of bitterness have the probably marry several other wornof ironing time! Save time

where it counts—on the ironing board. Try it! You'll see!

... must be trusted 'Every man

to himself"

Richard L. Evans

Dist. by CORNWALL Warehouse As to mental and physical and spiritual discipline,

Salt Lake City, Utah sometime ago we cited some sentences from John

THE Locke which said: "Consent to nothing but what

SPOKEN may be suitable to the dignity and excellency of

WORD a rational creature.... The great principle and

... this: that a man is able morVuoe foundation of all virtue and worth is

inclinations, to desires, his cross himself his deny own own.FOLDING

.. Z'1 tho'the appetite the lean other way. And now briefly. we..

BANQUET should like to let John Locke introduce another subject for us

TABLES with this short and significant sentence: "Every man must sometime or other be trusted to himself and his own conduct;.. Z'1

Direct Prices & No matter how sheltered we may have been, or how much we may toDiscounts to times there do have depended on others, come when we have

Churches,Schools, to to face facts, stand have up make when our own choices, we Lodges,Clubs, and all Institutions temptation, preserve principles; when we have to decide the course

or the consequences. "Every some time and accept must man

seasons, to swiftly himself... "1 other With the moving be trusted

the time comes soon, or so it seems, when young people move out

TRUCKS friends: family, further for from from home, and some away—from For

truck flonngMONROEeasy wayTables for a multiplicity or for for marriage, work, education, modernFoldingtables some some handlesthetion chairspermits EachandConstrucstorageChair* No TSCor Transport Storage in limited of eitherTruckspace longfelt of at leavetaking times of these purposes. from And Truck No, TS

54 sizes for Catalog showing and Write friends, and influence others of family also underparents and and of Tables, Folding Also types and Trucks. MONROEDiscounts feel for concern. they, cause standably well would some And line Chairs. of Folding popular

lives instilled into principles the of except been have as sound THE lltoWlO COMPANY youth, well that leave. they would know who And as to STREET. 249 COLFAX, IOWA those CHURCH

there do inevitably come times for choosing, for discriminating, for deciding for themselves. Others cannot always go with us;

H undreds of others cannot always be watching; others cannot always make

.Different Unique Gifts our choices, our decisions, or live our lives. There are countless

Many, many Imports! Distimes, when, by the necessity of circumstances, we have to decide

household live say: for ourselves. to youth by the sound and And we would stationery, toys,

ceramics. cards, heartsIMONEY tinctivenovelties,Christmasjewelry, righteous safe principles parents implanted in your and by

selection of choice MAKING Excellent Big teachers. And to parents and teachers we would say: implant best sellers. Get colorful

as as possible, early the and sales kit. precept Catalog Free sound principles and by by

experience needed. GIFTS VB No life. living or righteous other of sometime "Every be man must

to: Write

.. J"1 himself. are to trusted blessed they imhave who early And PEN N 366BRUSHWacouta St. planted in their souls the foundations for facing these facts. Room 9-462,

St. Paul 1, Minnesota

aJohn Locke, Some Thoughts concerning Education.

Is there "The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the 14, 1959. Copyright 1959. AN IMPROVEMENT Columbia Broadcasting System, June

ERA LIBRARY in your home?

628 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Hot Dog! Patio Parties and Picnics

en, and wherever he goes, he will likely leave the mark of blight and decay on everything within his...twice the fun with

reach. There will be a trail of

gloom, disappointment, despair and his the pollution ofwherever touch TABLE QUEEN BUNS is felt. 8 to a package! Sliced, for your convenience

There are too many people whose Fresh... delicious! Enriched with vitamins and iron

lives tend in this direction. Such a

one borrows money without the intention of paying it back if it can be avoided. If you try to help him,

he will misinterpret your action.

Give him information, and you will be misquoted; give him your confidence, and he will betray you;

put your trust in him, and you will be doublecrossed. Wherever he lays

his unclean hands, it dries up hapHeavenly piness and kills enthusiasm. He For HAMBURGERS y*z

leaves behind him scars, decay, and stench. People are worse off for For Picnics That Click, Get TABLE QUEEN BUNS

having known him. God said salt lake city ROYAL BAKING COMPANY

about some, "It had been better for them never to have been born;..."

(D&C 76:32.) That is, even God

shows a loss on some people.

Now after this negative look, supcurrentpose we make an analysis of our get own leadership. No one's evil will rate

probably be classified as coal black,and no one's goodness will probably Highest SO show itself as pure white. Each of wjthus will likely rate some shade of gj is alsogray. leadership graded. Our Interest Insured Safety isIt very important a whetherleader is losing ten percent or forty T

percent or eighty percent of those he your savings received by the 10th earn from the first might be getting. It is very easy for

us to lay the blame on some of the contributing factors, such as poor home conditions, bad habits, etc., ofthose under our direction. But any SAVINGS

leadership worthy of its name mustfirst be responsible. The performand

ance of those led is about the onlymeasure we have of our real leaderLOAN ASSOCIATION ship. Wouldn't it be wonderful if formerly ZIONS BENEFIT BUILDING SOCIETY

we developed the kind of leader33 EAST 1st SOUTH -SALT LAKE CITY ship that gets a one hundred percent 4903 SOUTH STATE - MURRAYresponse?

There are some who approach that Utah's Oldest Savings and Loan Associatioi goal. There are ward teachers who

make one hundred percent of their calls and always leave their people inspired, determined, and active.

There are administrative officers who do the same. But Jesus is our

best example. Sinners and publicans blossomed under his touch into

saints and apostles. He turned a

group of ordinary men into outstanding missionaries and evangelists. Everyone who followed Jesus

made a profit; everyone who followed Lucifer suffered a loss. Where

AUGUST 1959 629.

Who teaches early

Richard L. Evans

Last week we recalled some sentences on selfcontrol and some thoughts concerning those who

THE for other for school, for employment, home, SPOKEN leave BRIDAL GOWNS significant sentence: purposes, cited this and WORD FORMALS

to trusted or other "Every sometime be man must DRESSES this further theme, himself."1 Pursuing would thought and we LINGERIE

share some observations as to fathers and sons, as to parents and children, and as to the urgent need for the earliest possible teaching and training: "Would you have your son obedient to you when

past a child"; asked John Locke, "be sure then to... imprint it in

his infancy;... so shall you have him... obedient... whilst

he is a child, and your affectionate friend when he is a man....

For the time must come, when [he] will be past the rod and correction;... and he that is a good, a virtuous, and able man, must

be made so within. And therefore what he is to receive from

38 South Main Salt Lake City education, what is to sway and influence his life, must be something put into him betimes; habits woven into the very principles

of his nature,... The little, or almost insensible impressions on

our tender infancies, have very important and lasting conse- 1 There is an old Greek proverb, often quoted, which For a 40 stamp quences."

says in substance: "He gives twice who gives quickly."It could

The Era index for 1958 be paraphrased to say, "He teaches twice who teaches early"—

not when it is convenient only, not at some too long delayed a time, are not they they are young, but with us—and when when ERA THE IMPROVEMENT tell only, impressions the living what them by but by we leave we 50 North Main Street

upon their lives—impressions they cannot, and will not, forget

Salt Lake City 11, Utah whether they are with us or away. This closing sentence from

John Locke, also suggests next week's subject: "For you must

take this for a certain truth, that let them have what instructions you will, and ever so learned lectures... daily inculcated into

them, that which will most influence their carriage will be the company they converse with, and the fashion of those about FIL them."1 DEVELOPED & PRINTED

'John Locke, Some Thoughts concerning Education.

/"o m \—J JUMBO

C Columbia Broadcasting System, June 21, 1959. Copyright 1959.Exr.Jirrafflr 35 'The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the

OLD PHOTOS Copied and Printed for GENEALOGY—60c each

Moneyback Guarantee!

SAM'S PHOTO LAB Lake City, UtJIP. O. Box 1115, Dept. AA, Salt

do we rate in between these two the gift. Jesus said, "What does it

extremes? profit a man if the gift is bestowed

FOR COMPLETE DETAILS OF Here are some ideas to think but he receive not the gift?"Most of

about: us fail because we are not prepared

1. Midas was granted this gift beto receive the gifts that are offered.

cause he wanted it. That is the first Certainly no great ability could be

dishonest, granted to accomplishone was who for any TABLES requirement & FOLDINGVIRCOFOLDING CHAIRS lazy, gifts or are ever immoral, a bad had who ment. No worthwhile 620 SEE PAGE

granted to those who do not want attitude or who would not study.

them. But whatever gifts within We must prepare to receive the gift

reason we desire—including the into a fertile soil, with good cultiva15 Inch Typewriters suitable golden touch—we may have, if we tion, sufficient moisture, and proper

for Genealogy work desire it intently enough. climate.

Save from on 25% to 60% Factory rebuilds. 2. We should prepare to receive 3. Here is another good rule to literature. for free Write

SCHREYER TYPEWRITERS 757 So. State Salt Lake City 11, Utah

630 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA i to see it, beginningfollow. Always ISL I suffers a loss ever no onenow, that

because of you—either mentally,

morally, socially, financially, or quicker than the eye spiritually. If you would like to

have the golden touch, just make this everyone thatsure day on, from will Food Grinder... contact havewith you whom

show a profit. There are sharp Grinds all types of food and grain.

traders in business who try to get UL approved. 1 year guarantee.

as much and give as little as they Wonderful for health dishes.

can. They are seldom successful on Vi cup capacity. See through cover.a permanent basis. Successful men

are those who work the hardest and try to give the greatest service; All enamel steel m.**3i>3

they do more than they get paid Enamel base, stainless steel bowl 14.95

for; they go the second mile.

Jacob wrestled with an angel and All stainless steel 19.95

would not let him go until the angel ZCMI Housewares—Downstairs Store

gave Jacob a blessing. Don't let Mail or phone orders promptly filledany of your contacts go until you

have given them a blessing. You dial EM 3-1575.

may give them some ideas or some P. 0. Box 1229 Salt Lake City 10, Utahencouragement. You may do them

some kindness. Maybe you can inspire their faith or set them a good

example or teach them a helpful truth. Be sure that God makes a

profit on every contact you have. As The Biggest News in 36 Years

Peter Marshall prayed, "Oh, Lord, help us to be a part of the answerfor American Savers not a part of the problem."

The ancient alchemists failed in It has been the policy at AMERItransmuting the lesser elements into CAN SAVINGS to always pay those of greater value, but there is the highest rate consistent with no reason why you should. The sound operation.

church has been called "a changing church."It changes people. Its

very purpose is to change evil into to a lower people to lift from good, EARN NOW also state. can be "a a higher You Your savings are insured Current Ratechanging leader."You can change up to $10,000 by an

people from failure to success. King agency of the federal 4% per annum will

Midas really had a great idea. He government. be paid on all savThere succeed. failed, but you can

gratifying, or ings commencing as is no satisfaction 1 1959.no leadership as worthwhile as that dmeticm Savings July

ideas lives and with of touching ASSOCIATION LOAN & lives those faith and seeing and love South Main, Salt Lake City 11, Utah OFFICE: 63 HOME

blossom under your touch. You can SUGAR HOUSE BRANCH: DIV. OFFICE: Honolulu, Hawaii

dross of life 2186 the ordinary change Highland Drive, Salt Lake City 6, Utah BBAkl(-BRANCHu OFFICE:CC i/.r uKaimuki,t l- r>Oahuu

beautiful, sparkling, into shining, BRANCH: GRANGER

valuable "gold."3555 Sooth Market Street, Salt Lake City 4, Utah BRANCH OFFICE: Hilo, Hawaii

WEDDING GROUP VACATIONS AND INDIVIDUAL

PHOTOGRAPHY TOURS—OUR SPECIALTY

HOLIDAYS HAWAIIAN COMPLETE - INCLUDING each leaving glorious days. Groups 15 or 8 this people become will When month. TEMPLE COVERAGE observe until they Saints Not indeed? ALBUM WEDDING HERITAGE TOUR AMERICAN is that given to them counsel of every Historic Eastern PHOTO Canada, NEWSPAPER Hill Pageant, Cumorah

this kind, doing with their might the RECEPTION COVERAGE Eastern U.S. Leaving in July.

things that are required of them. Prices from $25.00 to $50.00 EUROPEAN TOURS

—Brigham Young. LATE FALL MEXICAN TOUR

1960 travel plans now—avoid disappointCAMERA CENTER Makement.

Lake City, Utah Salt 21st South 1053 East TRAVEL INTERNATIONAL ROBBINS details for Phone HU 5-5671 El 5-8086 14 So. Main

AUGUST 1959 631 The Last Word

'A Hf*mfr Good nature, like a bee, collects its honey from every herb; illnature, like a spider, sucks poison from

the sweetest flower.

The truly wise will halt before a fact, no matter Life is a problem. Be sure that you solve it corhow humble or common. rectly, as it can never be done but once.

Nothing short of the highest will satisfy. And if Most of the shadows that cross our path in life are

our soul stops growing, we become withered. caused by standing in our own light.

What we want is the single eye, that we may see Whether you be men or women, you will never what our work is; the humility to accept it, however do anything in the world without courage. It is the

lowly; the faith to do it for God; the perseverance to greatest quality of the mind, next to honor.

go on till death.—James Allen

There are two things that we should learn to forget—We begin to live only when we begin to love. And

the good we have done to others, and the evil they we begin to love only when self dies, and we live to have done to us. bless others.

It's a saying still abiding from the wisdom of the past—Great souls are always loyally submissive, reverent

"What is man's work, it will perish; what is God's tootherwise.what is over them; only small, mean souls are

work, it will last."—Carlyle

It may not be out of place to say that every man (and every woman) is controlled by Habit. When

habits are young, they are like lion cubs, easily managed, but later there comes a time when they will

Watch the trees "letting manage you. Bad habits may put you on the Avenue

go"their leaves, and Jerkwater, No. 23, with a ticket one way to Nowhere.

learn what to do with Good habits are mentors, guardian angels, and servyour old thoughts. ants that regulate your sleep, your work, your thought.

It is the Study Habit that distinguishes men. Once

you get it, only death can take it from you—and

perhaps death can't. I really don't know.

—Elbert Hubbard

632 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

hen it comes to tuna... itpays to buz/ the best

This is the prime fillet tuna, pressureprotect to ourbaked own way a variety Rinse of salad greens, SALAD! the EASY FIXIN'

is highestYv hite thedelicate Star flavor.

drain well, into then chill. greens Break a salad bowl, this buy. supequality can tuna Yet you

rior tuna costs so little—in comparison add a can of White Star tuna. Add sliced hardcooked eggs,

to other foods—why settle for less than tomato slices, crisp celery and carrot cuts. Top

the best? Next time you shop for tuna, with mayonnaise or salad dressing, season and mix lightly.

look twice. Be sure to get the prime fillet

brand—White Star—the tuna with the

mermaid on the label. Now in the Thoseuse ourwhosolidpreferlightFancytuna. Pack. Family new

Size, too! fiiTiiSm

WMITE.STA'?tfti& TUNAWhite Star Tuna

..

The company with a past

Beneficial's record of service to policyholders, of prompt payment in time of need, of reliable counsel on insurance problems, and of sound, efficient management dates back more than half a century.

This is no newcomer to the insurance scene, but is the oldest life insurance company domiciled in the Mountain West, with assets in excess of $90,000,000, and policies in force now totaling over $446 million and agents throughout the eleven Western States.

..... that looks to the Future!

Beneficial Life is among the most forwardlooking of insurance firms. From its

modern machine accounting equipment (to give you better and faster service) to the new

Family Benefactor Plan (lowcost "packaged insurance"that covers every member of the family), Beneficial Life offers the newest and best... with the

benefits of America's largest insurance firms... yet with

the friendly, personal interest in you that has come to mean "Beneficial"to our many policyholders.

illlllW"")""JHB BENEFICIAL LIFE llOK HE BBS 1MB Virgil H. Smith, Pres. XcHs Salt Lake City> Utah