7>Hlmpro Dement Era

><*f*\i.

till

iHiinimi i;

SEPTEMBER, 1942 RETURN POSTAGE GUARANTEED SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH "We western Home Makers want fo do more for VICTORY!"

COOKING: Start vegetables fast in boiling water;

cook in minimum water to conserve vitamins and minerals. Roast meats at low

temperature for flavor and tenderness. This slow roasting also reduces shrinkage

and makes cheaper cuts more appetizing. * Plan complete

oven or broiler meals often.

HOT WATER: Make sure

thermostat is properly adjusted. Have leaking faucets

repaired. Avoid letting hot

water run unnecessarily, as in rinsing dishes; use a pan

instead. * Save gas by reasonable care, but encourage

OU CAN do more... by volunteering for conservation daily bathing for health!

is duty on the Home Front. No formalities... and a HEATING:coming soon!ColdNowweatheris the

house dress or apron is the honored uniform. * The most time to call your heating

dealer or plumber for furimportant asset to conserve is family health. Our governnace inspection, adjustment

ment wants us all well and strong. And the first essential orber overhauling,too that overheating-k Rememis

is a balanced diet, with ample vitamins and minerals. Nuas unhealthful as underheattrition ranks close to munitions in America's war program. ing.mendedTheby authoritiesaverage recomis 70.

How you cook is almost as important as what you cook.

And since over 2,000,000 western homes cook with gas, REFRIGERATION:vegetables in the hydratorKeep

your gas company has "enlisted"too... as your aide. compartment to conserve

Among other war services, it has loaned its Home Service vitaminsfrozen foodsand flavor.while* Cookstill

representatives to help conduct community nutrition frozen, or serve immediately after thawing. * Serve tasty,

classes. * Obtain details of this practical, free training nutritious milkand-egg

from your local newspapers or radio announcements, or frozen desserts.

ask us.

SAVE VITAMINS, FOOD, FUEL. See helpful GAS Buy U, S. suggestions in column at right. * Intelligent use of gas THE War Savings and gas appliances will aid in the war effort. VICTORY

Bonds FUU MOUNTAIN FUEL SUPPLY COMPANY and Stamps

Serving Twentythree Utah Communities

Sales offices in Salt Lake City, Ogden and Provo

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1942X3u

By FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR.

A new glass, "Foamglas,"so light that *** it floats, will soon be used to make life belts, life rafts, and lifeboats buoyant. Ordinary glass is mixed with pure

carbon and heated until it gets soft, and the carbon burns with oxygen taken from the glass to form a gas, filling the glass with numerous little airtight cells. The glass is about onesixth as dense as water, about the same

as cork.

A nimals which live together may imi- "tate each other's habits. The naturalist W. H. Hudson reported that a

cat and rabbit brought up together even imitated each other's methods of eating. The cat might be seen "laboriously gnawing at a cabbage stalk while

the rabbit licked a bone.'*

Come of the Tatdigvada, microscopic, mitelike creatures, when dried completely, stop their metabolism, their Clip and Send Today PurityPleaseBiscuitsendCo.,mySalt FREELake copy of "Cartoon I and

life becomes latent. Weeks later, when lor Cookery."

moistened, these driedout animals reName:

i Address vive and their life becomes normal. Free Recipe Book

C'tv State 'T'he wind blows so hard on the coral islet of Ibayat, in the Batanes group of islands in the northeastern Philippines, that in some parts each stalk of sugar cane has to be pegged to the ground to keep from being blown over.

.4 /Nsmium, densesta platinumlikeknown substance.metal, isIt theis, iflll,-:v;.:I

in its most compact form, as much as +—twentyfour times—heavier than water.

A rowboat, complete with seats and oars, has been constructed entirely of the transparent plastic Lucite.

/"\nly sourcesten percentof Canadaof the havetimberbeenretapped.

Tf living yeast cells are exposed to ultraviolet light, nitrogen containing ftl* materials are given off which stimulate their growth. Leveling the Idaho Falls L. D. S. Temple

. the best TD y using phenolic plastic instead of grounds with a Miskin Scraper,

in metals gears Britain has reduced scraper made for leveling land for irrigation. the noise in factories perby sixtyfive

cent.

VUrite for conformation ':,.'"-, r 4

Tt is estimated that gasoline has enough power to propel a car four hundred fifty miles to the gallon, if means could MISKIN SCRAPERUCON, IDAHO WORKS devised be to obtain efficient completely

Consumption. (Concluded on page 548)

7>Mmproocmenf Era "The Glory of God is Intelligence'

Grant, J. HeberSEPTEMBER, 1942 Widtsoe, A. 9 JohnVOLUME 45 NUMBER Editors

Richard L. Evans,

"THE VOICE OF THE CHURCH"Managing Editor

Marba C. Josephson, PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, OFFICIAL ORGAN OF THE Associate Editor ASSOCIATIONS, DEPARTMUTUAL IMPROVEMENT

Morris, General Mgr. George Q. COMMITTEE, WARD MUSIC OF EDUCATION, MENT

Associate Lucy Mgr. C<innon, G. OF THE CHURCH AGENCIESTEACHERS, OTHER AND

, Business Orton Mgr. SAINTS. LATTERDAY J. K. CHRIST OF JESUSOF

Sentence Sermons Heber J, Grant 555

QhjuUtdL J'swdwtsuiu President J* Reuben Clark, Jr., Farmer John A, Widtsoe 556

The Gospel Tent Campaign Charles A. Callis 558

Changing Thought on the Book of Mormon

Amos N. and Alton D. Merrill 568

Evidences and Reconciliations: LIV—Why Are the LatterFIRSTS OF THE BIBLE

day Saints a Peculiar People? John A, Widtsoe 577

first the command? was 1. What 587 Priesthood: Melchizedek Scene of Early Visit to the A

first 2. ship? the Who built 551 of the Seventy....590 Baptisms Canadian The Work

No LiquorTobacco: Aaronic 591 3. Who built the first city?

Open Letter 552 Ward Teaching 592 4. Who was the first sacred hisConflict, Jack Bennett 559 Genealogy 593 torian?

Executives..594 Messages: in Mutual This Greatest Menace Our first pilgrim? 5. the was Who Variety Wilshire S. Longacre..572 Charles Ward War, first 6. recorded the song was What

597 Smoke""You Show May angels? the 595 of Louis Scouts: Deschamps, Offers Richards Elder Stephen L first 7. that the born man was Who Francis Convert, 554 Prayer Senate

Church Moves On 573 Deschamps 596 was named by the Lord before his birth?

"Deseret News Troubadours"Field Photos 594, 595, 598 8. What was the first scriptural

Make History, Harold H. JenManhattan Sunday School song?

son 575 Frolic 598 9. What was the first offering of

women recorded in the Bible?

Special J-szcduMA, 10. Who was the first person raised

Promontory Albert L. Zobell, Jr. 560 from death to life?

first is mountain the 11. menWhat 562 Ashton Wendell the Constitution Signers of The

in Bible? the tioned Harriet his Wife,J. Letters Excerpts of Brigham Young to from first inthe 12. Sabbath was When 564 Cook observed? stituted, and by whom New York, Cradle of Mormonism—Conclusion 13. What was the text of the

Cyril D. Pearson 566 Savior's first sermon?

Sampler from the Past Arthur M. Richardson 569 14. What was the occasion for the

Our Greatest Menace in This War Charles S. Longacre 572 first voluntary fast recorded in the

Exploring the Universe, FrankLight, Hallie Grigg 565 Bible?

lin S. Harris, Jr 545 On the Book Rack 571 15. What was the first prayer for a

Firsts of the Bible 546 Homing: Why Meat Greases king?

Answers 595 Must Be Saved 578 (Answers will be found on page 595)

Today's Man, Jack Sears 547 Handy Hints 579 548 Here's Telefacts How AND EDITORIAL 579 EXECUTIVE

Corner, Josephine B. Cooks'OFFICES: Priests'Dwellings in Teotihuacan, Charles E. Dibble 549 Nichols 580 50 North Main Street, Salt Lake City, Utah.

Inc., Cor* a Funds. Mutual 1942 by Copyright 596 to Advertisers Inspired, Index Constitution Our Improve'Mutual Men's the Young of Page and Ours 565 Your E. Gibby George Christ Jesus the Church 608 meritporation Association of of

of Latterday Saints. All rights reserved. Subscription price, $2.00 a year, in advance; 20c

single copy.

"The Strategy of Truth"Richard L. Evans 576 Utah,Enteredas secondclassat tie Post matter.Office, SaltAcceptanceLake City,for

Schooling Marba C. Josephson 576 formailingin sectionat special1103,rateActof ofpostageOctober,provided1917

authorized July 2, 1918.

The Improvement Era is not responsible for unsolicited manuscripts, but welcomes conConflict Jack Bennett 559 tributions.by sufficientAllpostagemanuscriptsfor deliverymust beandaccompaniedreturn.

Walking, for Health James P. Sharp 561 NATIONAL ADVERTISING

Frontispiece: Prophetic InciThe Prize, Jack Richards 585 REPRESENTATIVES

dent, Hortense S. Andersen....553 Scriptural Crossword Puzzle....606 Salt Lake City: Francis M. Mayo

Poetry Page 570 San Francisco: Edward S. Townsend

Chicago: Dougan and Bolle

JhsL Cov&h* New York: Dougan and Bolle

THE AUDIT BUREAU OF all of MEMBER OF signing of the Constitution, the of the recalls in September, month studyThis CIRCULATIONS cost, imperiled heritage. our at great things purchased which, make up those now

Liberty Bell is held deeply in memory among those for whom it symbolizes liberty. The

photograph is used here by courtesy of the Maryland Casualty Company, Baltimore. A MAGAZINE FOR EVERY

546 MEMBER OF THE FAMILY Today's man

By JACK SEARS

children would look at meDuring an intermission at a music man. My

recital two men, chums since boywith keen admiration, and my wife's hood, carried on serious converface beamed with approval.

sation. These men, about sixty, had "Today, realizing what the sincere

made their business a success. They college boys and girls know and what

represented the old school of "maybe they did and maybe they didn't finish gets everywhere he applies. He's a man

high school."without any special training, who does

several things just soso, but who has "John,"remarked one, "I'm glad I've no ability to do any one thing well.

made a go of my business, and that I He's an untrained man trying to compersonally do not have to compete with pete with a group of wellbalanced and the welltrained young man of today. highly trained college men who are speWith my limited education—as far as cialists in their field and who know

schooling goes—I could not get to first definitely where they are going. Why,

base against these trained young unithat fellow is twentysix years old and versity fellows."for the last six years he has found but

"Hal, what you say about yourself little work. He finished high school

hits me even harder than it does you,"and made no effort to go further in remarked John. "I wonder if your school. He very quickly found a job

reasons are the same as mine for feeling and between the age of sixteen and so."twenty he had little trouble in getting

work because he expected but little pay;

"Well, this is an age of education, in return little was expected of him.and in my opinion the young man who

is not schooltrained has less chance to "He has been going with that capget anywhere than ever before. I've able and beautiful Miss Cole for six

done some thinking, especially since my years and they would like to get marchildren began one by one to reach the THE END, NO ONE KNOWS. ried. He can't get a steady job, and

university. When they were young, when he thinks he is established, along

I used to brag about being a selfmade comes an alert, welltrained man to give him a shove out into the street.

college Cole—a graduate—is

position but they accomplish, I keep mum about that Missworking and has a good selfmade man stuff!"is afraid to give it up. No other felHal continued. "See that couple low dare take her out; so on and on

over there—third row in the two end they go, year after year, he getting

seats? I suppose seeing them here toolder each year and getting nowhere

day is what got me onto this college and she becoming more and more consubject."cerned about what the future offers.

"Yes, I see them,"replied John, "and They are truly in love, and I've tried it seems to me that man's face is fato place the young man in a job at least twenty times. miliar—let's see, didn't you send him

to my place for a job?""I don't have to say these things to

"You're right; that's the same fellow; you because even you and I, in our own

but he came back to me and said you business, are picking only welltrained couldn't use him."college men—men who have been taught

to think and act. This is truly the

I hire "Well, didn't you know why trained man's capable proand age—the him, don't you?"gressive offer is with to something man

HIS LUCKWILL TRY AT RUNNING SOMETHING

I do. "Sure told the one he him ABOUT. has you a grand NOTHING HE KNOWS today."chance What who

.

TELEFACT (except MONEY SPENT ON AMUSEMENTS

HORSE AND DOG RACES MOVIES)

CHEER UP THE FURNITURE!

Renew drab chairs, table, breakfast '* nook, with gleaming gay enamel.

Goes on easily. Quickdrying.

Washable. See how much *1 AA

in rail rise for as little as daily you can redo and need the Dlants |* Exploring the Universe daily the as temperature, well as ENAMEL DECORET to dark, daylight and between (Concluded from page 545) changes produce seeds, it has been shown by // KJylon and rayon are now used in Professor Frits Went. Tomato plants

CLEAN WALLS "COME silk in addition to the special seventynine of temperature at the paper kept bonds. cleanser S. This mild government money and U. whisks away { for night Fahrenheit degrees day grew and

fingerprints. grime, grease, Kind fruit. developed but blossomed, no and

tiles, walls. surfaces, to painted plants same set of with the Another A chemical, dicoumarin, first discovFULLER WASH & CLEANER ** ered in spoiling sweet clover in conditions, except for temperature

haystacks, but since synthesized in the which was dropped eighteen degrees laboratory, has been found of use in during the night, showed better general

NEW "STOVE,., for about 35e reducing the clotting ability of the growth and gave plenty of fruit.

Nothing like this heat - resisting blood. One use is the prevention of -

enamel for oven exterior, stove blood clots forming in the large blood '"Phe appearance of Halley's Comet pipes, etc. Shinyblack. Vz pint does vessels of the legs after operation. A each seventyseven years has been

the trick! found in records for each time back to

DECORET BLACK STOVE ENAMEL.. A recently invented musical device the appearance just after 400 B. C.

Won't crack from heat! ** will play the tones of any instru- >

ment desired with the help of vacuum XTewborn babies can be protected tubes and electrical circuits similar to from whooping cough if their

LOOK AT YOUR CUPBOARDS! those used in television transmitters. mothers are vaccinated during the last

Few things cost so little as smart cupboardthree months before the babies are born.

trimming—do so much for the kitchen! T)aper, cardboard, and cellulose sheetShelve! and interiors come to life ing are substituting for tin. ConirpHE lack of a certain type of fungus

with colorful Decoret Enamel. tainers are of laminated material made * growth on their roots frequently

Goes right on over old paint. by bonding together different kinds of results in the failure of pine, spruce,

substances to give strength and other and other conifer seedlings when transDoors cry for decoration with qualities such as being leakproof. planted into prairie soil.

Decalcomania designs. Ready to

use. Just dip in water and apply.

They're permanent. Only a few

pennies each. TELEFACT

SHORTAGE OF VITAL METALS 1941 PROTECT AMOUNTS WE CAN PRODUCE.SHORTAGE WHAT yOU HAVE.

MAKE /f CAST/ STEEL

COPPER 1 85%NNNNNNHN85%

ZINC

ALUMINUM

EACH SYMBOL REPRESENTS 10% OF TOTAL REQUIREMENTS (CIVILIAN & DEFENSE)

SCIENCE SERVICEPICTOGRAPH CORPORATION 1025

..

patio (A). A porch (B) formed the

a inner to an ). As room ( CPjusl&6u'(DwsrfUnqA, ivl JswilhiiaatrL entrance plan, the standard house variant of

) By CHARLES E. DIBBLE rooms were added at each corner (D

to these rooms was by means Roosevelt Fellow, Institute of International Education Entrance in each corner. The of a doorway

Teotihuacan was a ceremonial characteristic elements of the house patio connected with a larger plaza by center. Around the principal pyrarchitecture in this ancient city. Buildmeans of the fourth side (E)

amids and temples were symmetings bordered three sides of a central {Concluded on page 593) rically grouped the habitations of the many priests, whose duty and responsibility it was to appease and favor the gods by presiding over the ceremonies of their intricate cult.

During this year's excavations at

Teotihuacan considerable attention has been given to what remains of these priest habitations. A sufficient number

have been excavated to indicate the

#*.V..*..-*-. %V,r- -* *'

A TEOTIHUACAN CEREMONIAL SCENE—ABOUT THE FLOOR PLAN OF A PRIEST'S HOUSE

800 A. D.

PREPARE NOW FOR LEADERSHIP

AT THE Utah State Agricultural College

Courses Offered in the Following

Schools: AGRICULTURE FORESTRY ARTS AND SCIENCES COMMERCE HOME ECONOMICS EDUCATION ENGINEERING INDUSTRIES AND TRADES

New Students Register September 25

Former Students Register September 26

Instruction Begins September 28

Utah State

Agricultural College Logan, Utah

Write to the President's Office for a Catalogue or Additional Information

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1942

FOR VICTORY—BUY U. S. WAR

ft BONDS AND STAMPS ft

,he secKt, nutonhome g, to raise "- finisb,g enoug** n needs fc*CtSS WOU evetV UeIisp-*:Tbetovethatthis V and to make;shing. IB d to

sons * ach UtaV,rJ g?o fatte\ ts my

Roice Nelson—On

irri500 than more ol College "acres gated d we expect near *eL nteed teediog he City Cedar and:clygrai. inin *ese. A8tfro0S his sons feed out tiials-,-oopetatiog "coosttu'- V ie

about 125 cattle. *i and run about 1500)

sheep a year

opens up by g| A

R.ch*** * fcep'rte* Xdveius*men*

"Some of the heifers in the College feeding trials have made better gains than ours,"Mr. Nelson

told me. (I took above photo at the College.) "At

present we feed our own cattle 10 pounds of rolled barleyday—andplus all30 poundsthe hayoftheycorncansilagecleanperup.headUnderper

this program they gain about 1.6 pounds daily"

My camera got "a pat on the back"for this Hereford picture snapped at Branch Agricultural Col- a'We recently built a killing and cooling plant on legeare someof Utahof thoseat Cedarin feedingCity. Heiferstrials RoiceshownNelsonhere

the ranch,"Mr. Nelson told me, "and we also purtells about. "The College separates the animals

chased a 5-ton refrigerated truck (shown here) to into groups and feeds each group a different handle the animals after butchering. No animal ration,"Mr. Nelson explained. "The heifers are

that isn't finished and ready for consumption leaves weighed regularly in an effort to discover the our place. Safeway has bought a good deal of my best ration for finishing in southern Utah. After

meat. They demand the best grade but always pay 120 days the cattle are sold

the going price or better. We figure the Safeway and new trials are then

people have proved started with new stock"friends"

In charge of the feeding trials at the College, in addition to his other work, is John V.

Christensen, Assistant Professor of Animal Husbandry

YOUR SAFEWAY RANCH AND FARM REPORTER

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1942

A VISIT TO THE SCENE OF "L. D. S. Training Paysl"

wdi. anjouUwrL Bapjti&mA. For intensive, professional

in STENOGRAPHY, affairs his Pratt arranged and training left for jourTHEEldersaccompanyingJoseph FieldingpictureSmithshowsof withinElder a Canada, few days or GENACCOUNTING, the Council of the Twelve and neying first to Hamilton. When he arDavid A. Smith, the latter now presidrived there, he was without money and ERAL OFFICE WORK,

ing in the Canadian Mission, standing, wondered how he was to reach ToronJune 18, 1942, near the stream in which to. He had learned by earlier experiREGISTER NOW, at the

their grandmother, Mary Fielding ences that in such a position as this he L. D. S.

Smith, with other early converts, was had one Friend who had never failed baptized by Elder Parley P. Pratt in him, so he sought a quiet place and BUSINESS COLLEGE

the year 1836. Among these converts knelt in prayer. Shortly afterwards a

were John Taylor, who became the stranger approached him and inquired third President of the Church, Joseph his name and where he was going. ReFielding, and Isaac Russell and the two ceiving the information, the gentleman

Fielding girls, Mary and Mercy. asked Elder Pratt if he needed any

In the spring of 1836, Elder Parley money, and receiving an affirmative an-

P. Pratt found himself badly in debt swer, he handed to Brother Pratt ten

and his wife seriously ill. A number dollars and also gave him an introducof brethren had been called to go on tion to Mr. John Taylor in Toronto.

missions. Elder Pratt hesitated to acElder Pratt made haste to reach ToElder Joseph

Fielding Smith of the Council of the Twelve (right), and David A.

Smith (left), President of the Canadian Mission, at the site of early Canadian baptisms.

The demand for qualified office workers continues to be far greater than the serious of finanronto cept this call because to the immediately and went home supply, BUT... illness cial difficulties serious in received Taylor and the him of John who

of his wife. While pondering ove.r a courteous but rather cold spirit and... Government and private

these things, one evening a knock came showed very little interest in him or his employers want the mostto his door. He arose, opened the door message. Mr. Taylor was a preacher

and admitted Elder Heber C. Kimball for the Methodist Church and had gathcompetent young people

and other elders and the evening was ered about him a number of persons, available.

spent in gospel conversation. Before including the Fieldings, who were not

the brethren took their departure, Elder satisfied with the sectarian faiths. You can serve your country

Pratt give to offered Elder aKimball several Pratt opportunisought Elder by yourself—best—and visiting laid brethren ties the blessing, so including the to preach, use of the as mastering such subjects

in his the all and their hands head reupon instances courthouse, but was in course of the blessing Elder Kimball fused. Retiring to a pine grove just shorthand, typewriting, acsaid: out of the city, he knelt in prayer and counting, machine calculaBrother Parley, thy wife shall be healed asked the Lord to open the door for tion, etc.

from this hour... Arise therefore, and go him in Toronto. He then again entered

forth in the ministry, nothing doubting. the city and went to the home of John New students ore registering

Take no thoughts for your debts, nor the Taylor saying that he had come for his every day. Write for our

will supply of life, for necessaries the Lord depart. to about baggage as he was

"Bulletin of Information"all things. for means you with abundant Taylor, with Mr. While conversing

to shalt Canada, even go to UpperThou in his adjoinworkshop busy was who capital, there the the city of and Toronto, ing the house, entered a Mrs. Walton the find for shalt prepared thou a people it the visited with Mrs. Taylor. and home shall refulness gospel, of they the and

ceive thee, and thou shalt organize the Upon learning from Mrs. Taylor the

Church among them, and it shall spread nature of the mission of Elder Pratt, greatly impressed into the Mrs. and regions thence about, and was round Walton D. S.

shall to of brought be the knowledgemany the L felt that said she the stranger from the truth and shall be filled with joy, and United States had a message for the from the things growing out of this mispeople. She thereupon invited Elder

sion, shall the fulness of the gospel spread College at Pratt to lodge her and home, Business come into England, and cause a great work to saying she provide a where would room in that land. be done Salt Lake City, Utah

he could preach. The invitation was

Taking courage from this blessing, (Continued on page 600)

OPEN

LETTER

TO A DRIVER WHO DRINKS

AND SPEEDS THROUGH OUR STREETS.

I saw you barely miss a little boy on a tricycle this afternoon and heard you yell, "Get the out of the way! Don't you

know any better than to ride in the street?"He didn't answer because he hasn't learned to talk

very well yet. So I'm going to

answer for him.

No, the little boy doesn't know any better than to ride his tricycle in the street. He has been warned

not to, but little boys don't always heed warnings. Some adults don't

either, especially traffic warnings;

for example, the one limiting the Two New Strained Foods speed of automobiles.

little boy. He has a For Your Baby aboutI'm goingthat to tell you something

mother who endured considerable

baby's can vary you menu fering into bring world. the to him Now inconvenience, anxiety, and sufdelicious, with two more father has has a worked He who

dependably nutritious strained hard and made many sacrifices to foods backed by Heinz famous make him healthy and happy. The

73year quality reputation! Like supreme purpose of their lives is mi little their have boy grow up all these to Foods, 15 Heinz Strained

, isfls to useful be a man. scienproducts are cooked new

tifically and vacuumpacked in Now stop a minute and think.

enamellined tins to make sure If you should kill a child, how

HeinxStromedBeefB... =J Beef Broth WithtrainedBeef thaterals preciousare retainedvitaminsin highanddegree.minwouldWhat excuseyou feelcouldfacingyouhisgiveparents?them

All the fresh flavors and tempting for having robbed them of their colors of choicest fruits and vegedearest possession? More importables are also captured! For baby's tant, what excuse could you possake, include these two new dishes sibly offer Him whose kingdom

in your next order of readyis made up of little children?

toserve Heinz Strained Foods! Children, my hasty friend, were

here long before you or your autff* m tomobile were thought of. All m the automobiles on earth are not

the life of one little boy. worth.*gw <HZffl TT that little what know We don't

boy may some day be. But we

it's you unknow what are—and

HeinxStrainedVegetabUsAndlomb neinz important. could get along We -Lamb meat and broth ar without you, but can't spare a we

nourishing vej"nd celery SPuuviecC'single little boy on this street. milk. Saetra

Used by permission o/ the "Family Circle"Illil,

IB

By HORTENSE SPENCER ANDERSEN

Photograph by H. Armstrong Roberts

hand upon the very sacred page w.ith PROPHETIC Of holy writ where Jacob blessed his son

Pronouncing Joseph's lasting heritage, NCIDENT Our country's father had his task begun.

(At Washington's He kissed the page and swore to "preserve, protect,

Inaugauration) Defend"the constitution of this land,

That gods here worshiped, men could now select

In utter freedom without reprimand.

TIhis choice of gods to worship, we express

As God intended*when, to Joseph's seed,

He gave the blessing that who would possess

This land of promise must this warning heed:

To worship only Christ, obeying His command;

He'd then protect and bless this Promised Land.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1942

ELDER STEPHEN L RICHARDS

OFFERS

STEPHEN L RICHARDS

"Plder Stephen L Richards of the

L"/ Council of the Twelve offered the opening prayer in the United States

Senate, Washington, D. C, June 29.

Elder Richards was invited to offer the prayer by Vice President Henry

A. Wallace, who extended the invitation at the suggestion of Utah's senator,

Elbert D. Thomas.

The prayer offered follows in full:

We bow before Thee, our Heavenly Father, in humble prayer. We thank Thee

for the manifold blessings Thou hast bestowed upon us, in this our beloved country.

Our hearts are filled with gratitude for the sacred institutions of America which are founded in Christian virtue and righteousness.O God, preserve these inspired concepts

and establishments in the earth. Let not the

adversary of light and truth destroy freefaith. Bless divine worship, and and dom,Maybem Have a Cinderella, too all those, the over, give themworld who

selves to the cause of liberty. May they

Who's this?... Not that drab little thing who's never be conscious of the fact that it is Thy

cause, subserving the noble lineage, the been dated. Not 'Droopy', the one that always looked free agency, the dignity and the majesty

of man. like a fugitive from a washtub. Say... she's smooth! Remember, O Lord, those who bear arms

to sustain these holy causes of freedom and

Christ. Make them potent. In Thy mercy

It's sad to see a gay, young spirit, stifled by dingy, halfwashed preserve their lives and their virtue, and dresses. But not serious. Nothing a bar of FelsNaptha Soap may they have the comfort to know that

their service has Thine approval.

can't cure. Bless the homes from which they come.

Keeping a school girl's varied wardrobe thoroughly clean is Lettude Thyto achingspirit bringand anxiousconsolationhearts,andandfortias- no job for ordinary soap. Party dresses to wash gently. Grime suage the sorrow of those bereaved.

to get out of rough and tumble things. Gay colors to keep effort,Uniteandthe inpeople,prayerfulFather,solicitudein purposefor andthe

clear and bright. And sweaters—oodles of them every week! common good. May pride and arrogance

To this complicated washing job FelsNaptha Soap brings two milityand selfsufficiencythat recognizesgiveThyplacesovereigntyto true andhuextraordinary cleaners. Gentle, active naptha and richer, golden the dependence of all on Thy providential

care. errors Forgive our weaknesses. our and

unprofitable soap. These two get dirt out all of it—with little rubbing us turn from and Help wrong

that ways, closely approach more we may in the need. of our hour and no rough handling. Quickly, too—and that's important. Thee

Probably your own disposition will keep pace with daughter's Bless those who direct the nation. May

truly servants, serve as they they be Thy 'oomph'rating, if you start using FelsNaptha Soap—now. the Inspire people cause. the the great and

minds and the hearts of the lawmakers. May

vision and great wisdom be their portion.

President. of leadership—our

hands. Golden bar or Golden chips RememberresponsibilityUphold hishim, oh, Father, who bears the him with Endow

spirit, the to great of see the the follow to course andgifts—giftsthe light and way FelsNaptha Thou dost direct.

We pray for the early triumph of righteousness and truth. We pray for peace,

banishes TattleTale Gray foundedbrotherhoodin theof man.fatherhoodAll thisof weGoddo andhumblythe

in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ. Amen.

Ssuni&nxjL Ssuwwfidu

By PRESIDENT HEBER J. GRANT

[ WANT YOU TO REMEMBER THAT LEARNING IS SPLENDID, BUT TO DO IS

THE ONLY THING THAT COUNTS WITH THE LORD, AND I WANT YOU

TO DO ALL YOU CAN IN THE CHURCH.

NO INTEREST.MAN IS ENTITLED TO BE A LEADER WHO CANNOT RISE ABOVE SELFlonger I live the more I see that money Death is a great sorrow, but there are othersTheis of no value unless with it we can have a which are far greater, and to those of us who have

love of the gospel and a sincere desire to an abiding faith in the eternity of the life to come, work for the advancement of God's work on the death has lost its terror.

earth.

There is one thing that sustains me, and that is We generally have better saints when the devil the fact that all powers of mind and body come from is barking. * * *

God and that He is perfectly able and willing to qualify me for His work provided I am faithful in The Lord is the best friend I have ever had, and doing my duty. I think you cannot do better than to trust Him and

* * * He will reward you for all that you do.

I can say today that there is nothing I want so * * much as to do my duty in the Church and if money will aid me in doing that, then I want it; and With the things of the world the more we get

if it shall in the slightest degree retard my advancethe more we want, but with the gospel the more we ment in that direction then I hope for failure instead learn the more we love our fellows and wish to divide with them.of success. * * *

man is entitled to be a leader who cannot No selfinterest. There is nothing on this earth that brings so rise above

much satisfaction and comfort as the knowledge * * * that we are in the line of our duty, no matter how hard the duty may be. I feel that there is no honor on this earth that is

* * * so great as to be called to work for the Lord;

that is beyond money and beyond price.

I want you to remember that learning is splendid, * * * but to do is the only thing that counts with the

Lord, and I want you to do all you can in the There are many of the poor and humble among

Church. the Latterday Saints who are not thought much

* * * of today, but who will stand exceedingly high

There is no true happiness in this life or the life with the Lord on the great day of judgment.

to come if you think only of yourself and of your * * own comfort. I want every young man in the Church, and out

* * * of it, for that matter, to learn the lesson that riches

I always feel that it is the proper thing to have are not a good thing unless wisdom shall go hand the best house in the ward the one we worship the in hand with them. * * *

Lord in. * * * It is in the days of adversity that individuals and

Too many people are as liberal as liberal can be nations have developed.

with Church or other money that is not their own, * * * and for which they do not have to work—but hit I feel that poverty, with the blessings of the Lord,

their own pocket, and O, what a difference! is better than wealth without His blessings.

fijiniicbmL jl. fismbsju. Qlahk., pi..,

..., FARMER

By Dr. JOHN A. WIDTSOE

of the Council of the Twelve

AS AN EXAMPLE TO THE CHURCH

THIS TEACHER, LAWYER, AND STATESMAN TILLS THE LAND WHICH NURTURED THE YEARS OF HIS YOUTH.

OATS IN THE SHOCK WITH GIANT ROW OF LOMPhotos bit Don H. Smith

BARDI POPLARS IN BACKGROUND. HEAVY

CROPS ARE AVAILABLE ON THE STRONG CLAY

LOAM SOIL OF THIS GRANTVILLE LAND.

THEalwayspursuitbeenof heldagriculturein high hasrespect by the Latterday IN GRANTSVILLE

Saints. That is well, for economic IS THE NOW ABANand spiritual stability accompanies ADOBEDONED ONEROOMSCHOOL

the wise tilling of the soil. BUILDINGPRESIDENT WHERECLARK

In this day of confusion, members SCHOOL.FIRST ATTENDEDPLANS

of the Church should resist the tempARE UNDER WAY tation to part with their farms. A BYGRANTSVILLETHE PEOPLE TOOF

THIS RECONDITIONfarm is as an inheritance from the

AS STRUCTURELord; an island of safety in a trouPIONEER LAND-A

bled sea. As never before, our farms UM.MARK AND MUSEshould be tilled with care; in fuller

harmony with advancing agricultural knowledge. And all who love farm He must battle enemies in the form jority of its members have been huslife might do well, in anticipation of of insect and disease, and, after harbandmen, or tillers of the soil.

future events, to invest their savings vest, the fluctuations of the market President Clark's faith in the inin land. this calls into action his every faculty spiration which led the Church into

So runs the teaching of the leaderand develops his strength. The farthe valleys of the West is perhaps a

ship of the Church. mer deals with the soil below and greater example to the people. The

One of the foremost of those who the heavens above; he senses the oplands that he—teacher, lawyer, and

have taken these thoughts to heart eration of eternal forces this makes statesman, with a worldwide view is J. Reuben Clark, Jr., first counhim a worshipful man. The Church chose to buy and to develop are in

selor in the Presidency of the has ever been grateful that the maGrantsville, Utah, in the heart of the

Church. The savings of a life unusually crowded with professional and

official duties have been used in acquiring and developing a farm.

Stocks and bonds have passed him by. The material results of his life's

labors are in the land.

This is an example for the Church SHOWING ONE OF THE FLOWING to heed. In times of economic stress FARM(ARTESIAN)WHICHWELLSANALYZESON THEAS CLARKBEING

the farmer's acres will at least proGALLONSPURE, ANDPERWHICHMINUTE.FLOWS PRES240

OPERATIDENT CLARK IS SHOWN food for theduce family—therein REGUVALVE WHICH ING THE security. lies fundamental To sucTHE FROM LATES FLOW THE

ceed upon the land, the farmer must LARGE PIPE.

obey the laws of nature carefully, in plowing, sowing, irrigating, harvesting, and maintaining soil fertility that tends to make him a lawabiding citizen, a safe bulwark of the state.

quiring a minimum of demand upon outside sources. The home farm of

sixty acres, dating back to pioneer days, of fertile soil and ample water supply, produces garden stuff, sugar beets, hay, and other crops needing

PRESIDENT CLARK irrigation. On this farm, also, are

ASTRIDE ONE OF the dwelling house, outbuildings,

HIS HORSES.SADDLE barns, etc.; and there the horses,

cows, and pigs are kept. In the valley eastward is a turkey ranch,

equipped for raising five thousand turkeys, with a neighboring farm of five hundred thirteen acres—two

hundredgated—whichdry farmedsuppliesanda goodsixty partirriof the feed for the turkeys. An early

grist mill with much modern machinery stands there. On the foothills

to the west, ten hundred eightysix acres of sagebrush land belong to the enterprise. The rolling, rocky

part is used for grazing. The level

acres are being cleared for dry farming. This season fifteen acres were

planted there to Michael grass,

A YOUNG BLACK and the yield was very good. The

TREEWALNUT SEEN LEFTIS field of ripened grass, in the midst AT THE

AND IS ONE OF of the sagebrush was not only beauPLANTEDMANY

ALONG FENCE tiful to the eye, but a lesson to be folTHE

LINES. TO THE

INWEST AND THE lowed by others, who, ignoring posBACKGROUND MAY sibilities when proper methods are

THEBE SEENSTANSBURYPART OF followed allow large land areas to reRANGE OF MOUNmain unproductive. Grazing rights,TAINS.

as usual, in the neighboring mountains make possible summer pasture empire that the Latterday Saints '"The lands of the Clark farm were for sixtyfive head of cattle. Back

wrested from the desert. There he acquired gradually as means and in the valley, again, north and east

was reared; there his father won a opportunity permitted. They form of the home farm, towards the Great

subsistence for his family. He had together a selfcontained umt, re- (Continued on page 605

the faith to carry on the work of the pioneers. The village is small, the

water supply limited, but upon such places and upon such faith the

Church has been built into prosperity. Too many undervalue their inheritances from the fathers who

founded the intermountain West. It

is active faith in existing resources, the constant, proper use of them by man himself, wherever upon earth, that brings success. And it was not

by chance that Brigham Young settled the people near the shores of the PRESIDENT CLARK

Great Salt Lake! So runs the faith WITHMAKINGTWO FRIENDSOF THE

of Brother Clark, who now tills the COLTSHIS FARM.RAISED ON

land within sight of the old adobe

-- "';;:;:'::;:..:.schoolhouse where early lessons "- '":''-:.-:

were learned, within sight of the scenes that enriched his childhood and youth with the fundamentals which have yielded the strength and leadership of his later life. Nor is LOOKINGEAST FROMNORTHTHE

the relationship of President Clark DRYROAD. LANDGRANTSFARM

to his farm one of mere ownership VILLE STRETCHES and remote interest. He personally ACROSSTURE ANDTHE PICIS

supervises its every operation, and MARKEDLINE OF BYTREES.A

such time as can be spared from his THE GREAT SALT heavy administrative duties he gives ALONGLAKE THEIS HORISEEN to working the soil and performing ZON.

the other labors essential to making the earth yield.

** GOSPEL TENT CAMPAIGN By CHARLES A. CALLIS

Of the Council o[ the Twelve organization in a number of southern cities. A tour of the mission

as far as Key West, Florida, was made with this temporary place of

The Gospel Tent, worship. Several of the powerful

13, 19 Elder city branches owe their existence to Whitaker, P. W.

seated now presidentin center,of this unique but effective method of the Southern preaching the gospel.

States Mission. During the day the elders would

tract in the city and invite the people to the services which were held every evening. Crowds flocked to the

meetings to hear the gospel for the first time. Many "who came to

scoff remained to pray."The tent

was the talk of the town. Conversions and baptisms were numerous.

Sunday School was held each Sabbath morning; Mutual Improvement,

on Tuesday night. Lantern slides

bygone days in Dixieland the suitable place easily reached, in the cerningfurnishedthevisualChurch.information conINgospel was preached by oldshade of the oak and the magnolia

elders trees, fashioned methods. The these earnest preachers pitched HThe tent services were held in a

their tent. in the exclusively countrylabored

city to from ten weeks, days two districts, beginning, or the the traveling venture without purse From city in another resumed for a scrip, success. drinking eating whatso- a pronounced and was The thensimilar period. missionaries Two the tent of set gospel things purposeever campaign and before them were

after the tent appointed, was questions.asking no was to form a nucleus of a branch were The hospitable

to cultivate the thus moved, ground that the thepeople of South believed laborer was worthy of his food. broken.

It was a different story, however, Kindly disposed southerners, brought nonmembers, and to members missionaries the attemptedwhen the food for preachers. This was

in according the cities and,proselyte to instructions, sought entertainment the usual menu: Corn bread, turnip

therein; they were arrested on the greens, grits and grease, sweet pobeef, pork, yellowmeat, tatoes, goat

into thrown of vagrancy andcharge milk, chicken, clabber and this legged to avoid prison. Thereafter thickly frosted cakes such as only treatment the brethren in one or two make. can Ah, a southern women

cities secure lodgto advised were waters escapes, the sigh mouth and food. their provideings and own recollection us reminds fond with when read Mormonism whoMen dinners. southern of those good

their their with prejudices, not and in the evening, deepsummer One renting the of public prevented eyes, twilight, just the before meetening halls in which to hold meetings. Thus ing began, a beautiful mocking bird,

the door to extensive city missionary in a nearby tree, serenaded the conwork seemed to be locked. gregation. The remarkable songster

It was evident that something new {Concluded on page 601) must be done to form acquaintance with men in the cities. After careful

consideration a gospel tent was purchased. It had a seating capacity andAbove: SisterBrother

Callis A. of two hundred. When the sides Charlesgoing to awere lifted, as they usually were, beference in conthe

cause the weather was warm, the Kentucky hills.

space was increased considerably.

The seats, in the main, were rough planks resting upon a prop at either end. People came to the meetings

expecting to have to sit on hard seats and they were not disappointed. A Right: Elders

raised platform in one end of the Callison theirand wayLowryto enclosure was built for the speaker attend a conferto stand upon. Four stalwart and encesissippiin the Delta,Misexperienced elders were in charge 1908.

of this portable tabernacle. In a

Conflict

baitlsL ivIHv him&sd anxL $&v ihsL q&iL hsL lovsudL

By JACK BENNETT

ways been aware of its effect on his body, a slight loss of appetite, a giddy, drugged feeling, but had never felt concerned about it. He'd always

told himself that he'd watch it, not smoke too heavily, stop for awhile if necessary. In Jane he'd somehow

accepted it without question, looking upon it as her own personal right.

Now, he wondered why all these thoughts and questions were suddenself, he would first have to win over ly attention. his forcing Maybe it it himself. unexpectedly, struck I, t of their the marriage, nearness wasthis illuminating disturbing and this allowed he ever had Why little this clarity the or of bescenetruth. in his leaning back was Jim enslave him? thing to completely so

chair, relaxed, laughing, joking, enfore him; maybe it was his first feelIf only he could sleep. Maybe a

joying the card party immensely. An ing of fatherly responsibility, or a walk around the block would relax

voice from demanding somewhere ofominous something very shadow him. He dressed and went out. produce only the most him to fit andreal his real crossed mind, not had

here in this room but real in the fubeautiful life in human form. Perture, a future so close that already haps it was one or all of these things, LJays merged into weeks.

the gloom of this trouble was spreadbut Jim knew that a reaction was Jim could feel victory coming to himing over him. going on inside him that would alter—but so agonizingly slow.

his surroundings. him and yet greatest obstacle he His was his looking at cards over was He reflections at to Strange a have his questioned meet. to had Jane girl the loved going heJane, and was party. that he But he was knew cigarets, refusal of always but he hadto too, She, marry. a handful had this bring to to going problem Jane; repoint the with aside the brushed inof cards, but other her she hand to stop going he he smokwas knew that too smoking much he mark was cigaret.held a curled smoke The tonight. ing now, In just lately one. that he'd or had line. in a blue wavingupward Their

to instance every wanted he whenhost's son, young was Tommy, fear matter, the the her approach on it forreaching questioning, with at himself found awake J,im him. reaction her of Each stopped eyes,wondering holdbut Jane was in o'clock morning. the Every two felt fear that the time cold he hading his as reach it high out of for she fiber crying of his out body was this question might between come restrainedkindly him. "Naughty, there, cigaret. looking a Lying all that they planned them, hadnaughty, You'll burn your Tommy. at dethe the darkness dim through this of rocks the dashed would be onpaddies."his sign of the room, paper wall of felt difference. point he of one He

Jim was momentarily out of this he began to realize what a slave he must wait until he had the strength comfortable living room. He was in had made of himself. He felt his of his own victory over it to help him

his own living room. Tommy was fists clenched at his sides, his body persuade her.his own son; Jane was his wife—the tense. Sleep could never come to Three months had passed now

mother of his child. She was holdhim like this. He rolled over on his since that evening at Tommy's. Jim

ing a cigaret high out of Tommy's side. could hear Jane's humming above

reach. Jim reflected forebodingly. Just one cigaret, just one to relieve the clatter of dishes. They had had

She couldn't always hold her cigarhim tonight so that he could sleep, dinner together. Jane had enjoyed

et out of Tommy's reach. Jim's own and then he'd clamp down on himthese dinners, but Jim had always

conscience flooded him with a sense self. But no, agonizing truth hung protested that after a day in the big

of guilt; he too smoked. like a fog over his mind. This was department store she shouldn't fuss

He'd have to think this thing out. something he could conquer only by with cooking. However, she had inhabit—that,Smoking washe hada harmful,always admittedwasteful stoppingback. Henow,mustto putbe asit offruthlesswas to andfall asistedsort thatof relaxation.it wasn't reallyHereworkhe was,but

to himself. But he had never thought as absolute in his resistance as his pushed out of the kitchen and told

he was committing any great wrong foe was in its aggressiveness. To to read the paper because he was

when he did it, although he had alclean this up between Jane and him- (Continued on page 584)

LELAND STANFORD DRIVING THE GOLDEN SPIKE

PROMONTORY

June 11, 1942, the Justice Sanderson, Governor SafInterstate O.NCommerce Commission ford of Arizona, and other distingranted permission to the Southern By ALBERT L ZOBELL, JR. guished passengers'. The California

Pacific Railroad to abandon the delegation were the first of the visPromontory branch, one hundred itors to arrive on the scene.

twentythree miles of track between desert, and was more favorable for

Corinne and Lucin, Utah. Many a possible branch line to Idaho and pARLY on the morning of May 10,

read this news with a twinge of reOregon. The Utah Central Railthe Union Pacific special argret, because it was here, at Promroad was therefore planned to conrived, carrying the eastern officers

ontory, May 10, 1869, that Utah nect Utah's capital with the transof the Union Pacific and four complayed host at the completion of the continental line. panies of the Twentyfirst Infantry

first transcontinental railroad. President Brigham Young refrom Camp (now Fort) Douglas,

Among the early acts passed by ceived a contract from the Union Great Salt Lake City. A second

the first session of the Legislative Pacific for the grading of a ninetytrain from the West arrived, bringAssembly of the Territory of Utah, mile strip from the head of Echo ing more sightseers, and another in 185152, were several asking Canyon to the mouth of Weber Canfrom Ogden loaded chiefly with

Congress to connect Great Salt Lake yon, for $2,125,000. The principal Utahns accompanied by the Tenth

City with the frontier settlements in subcontractors under President Ward Band of Salt Lake City, the East and with a seaport on the Young were Joseph A. Young, his dressed in new uniforms and

Pacific coast by an overland teleeldest son, and John Sharp. To equipped with new instruments

graph line, by a transcontinental these subcontractors fell the heavy which had been purchased in Lonhighway, by a "national central railwork of building the bridge apdon at a cost of twelve hundred dolroad,"and by a semimonthly mail. proaches and the cutting of the tunlars.

Prior to 1860, eighteen state legnels in Weber Canyon. The number of spectators at the

islatures had passed resolutions in The only contract taken by the driving of the golden spike has been favor of a transcontinental railroad. Mormons from the Central Pacific variously estimated at between six

Both the Democratic and the Repubwas that of Benson, Farr, and West, hundred and three thousand. It is

lican party platforms of 1856 and who undertook the construction probable that about fifteen hundred 1 860 favored appropriate legislation work from the vicinity of Humbolt persons were present, including the on the subject. Wells, Nevada, to Ogden. Although military and construction forces.

The Union Pacific, which had the Central Pacific never reached Neither President Brigham been created by the Pacific Railroad Ogden, the contract was honored Young nor the governor of Utah

Act of 1862, began operations Janufor work done. was present at Promontory. They

ary 8, 1863. The Central Pacific The Union Pacific arrived in Ogwere represented by the Honorable

Company, a California organization den March 8, 1869, amid a great William Jennings, vice president of created in 1861, began its part of celebration, and pushed on toward the Utah Central Railroad Comthe project in December, 1863. Both the west. pany, Bishop John Sharp, and Colcompanies had the assistance of the Promontory was the place, and onel Charles R. Savage. Colonel

government. Monday, May 10, 1869, was the Savage made the photographic recOf course every citizen of Great date finally selected for the celeord of the day. Ogden was repreSalt Lake City, Mormon and genbration of the completion of the unsented by Mayor Farr, Elder Franktile, believed that the railroad should dertaking. lin D. Richards of the Council of

come through that city, and swing The Central Pacific regular pasthe Twelve, and Bishop C. W.

around the southern end of Great senger train left Sacramento at six West.

Salt Lake to the Pacific coast. How- o'clock on the morning of May 6, A special telegrapher's kit had

ever, it was proved that the northern with a large party of excursionists. been set up on a small table beside

route around the lake was shorter, It was closely followed by Governor the remaining gap in the track, where had a better supply of timber, less Leland Stanford's special, with Chief {Continued on page 602)

TEN DAYS LATER TWO HORSEMEN WERE RIDING UP TO THE SAME LAD. NO

USE FOR HIM TO TRY TO GET AWAY FOR THEYWOULD SOON CATCH HIM. WALKING,

for HEALTH By JAMES P. SHARP

storekeeper for $40.00. Paid for

them in cash."

"Now, Slim, I believe you said you bought this outfit from a Mex,

A SHORT down country. Is that right?"

SHORT kid"Everyjust is wordatryingof ittoismaketrue. outThishe

lost a horse so to get you to give him STORY one. Let's be riding."

"No hurry as I can see. Now, lad,

your saddle there mark on any was temper and get into trouble; I'll just identify it by?"can that you

borrow your gun while we talk."The "I cut my initials in the leather

heavyset man had his gun on the on the bottom of my stirrups."

man in the saddle as he reached up, Slowly the man arose, walked

JLhi.he boy sat on his undid the belt and tossed the gun, over and examined the stirrups, and

cartridges full of scabbard, and belt said,horse, proudT as a king. "The horse, how do I know he A saying, as "Might the ground, slim onman, riding towards is yours?"a very him, on

tired horse, stopped and said, "Hello, well get off and be sociable."There The lad walked over in front of

kid, what you doing?"was no smile on his face now. The the animal, snapped his fingers a few

"Herding cattle."man got off and sat down. times and said, "Morning, Trav-

"Alone?""Now, lad, you say this man stole eler."The horse, as if awakened

'"Yep."yourt *nrr horse.i Whenit was that?"from a sleep, looked at the lad, raised

ago. len days times, off his a few horse, got up and head walked down The man

did your horse look like?"its its foot front right lifted the riding "What the thenaround one boy and was

and said, "Whose horse you ridin?""That's him, the one this man was up to the boy's outstretched hand.

rie s mine. riding."Again there was silence which was

time for silence some was There it Slim appears in an'ort to "Lad, school should by, be broken "You it did happen? then, "Just and how of the for 'he right. to talk uselearn something Should say you owes

it all don't be about and Tell me He'll mine,'takin'for be ten days. for a I'm him."horsewas your

I'll protect you."afraid. * * * gun, this scabgive to glad too only

hill sitting over that "I on was it call bullets belt, and bard, later and horsemen days were two Ten riding this up came there man when it to promight need square. lad.riding You to use the same up No I if was horse. asked tired a on He snakes."other tect from yourself He for for to try to get they him away riding horse was and alone whose the boy's belt around the strapped him. catch rode they soonwould As

it I horse he said was and Imy when and other the to waist, man riders turned of the lad theup, noticed one the. kicked and knocked down me has Bunch'the said, "Slim, 'Wild stockilybuilt rather and waswas changed he of me. out Then lamistreats for a use said, of wind smiling. who man no This "Kind one horse and mounted saddles and my If boys. especially children, or dies it?"ain't alone, out herelonesome his horse."leading away, rode around seen being of it,"hear I ever you replied boy. the "I don't mind

"Well, I should think your boss "Then what did you do?"asked this country after tonight then

the stocky man. won't funeral there'll you little and a horse be better give a youwould

till the night, "I watching waited walkcorpse. at Get if the looking steers those ride, for be wild to of one

I cattle, the to ranch then and went ing."after soon mighty he'd took you

it."tell the to boss about Slim. "began you. of short "Which way—Take work mymake

it is far to ranch?"the "How all It's pick. open your better one."get "Take advice a and

miles.""Twenty going."get but range, that but a one man good "Had walk?"you "Did time for there sat some two stole from The me."himwith you

I for the of ran way, most "No. disin the smaller liar,"the the grew challenged as man a "You're

to get morning by back I wanted not him kt "Say, Then, tance. bewhy you man. "Never second saw

let take horse. another with me He ranch. the to old let's ride down Napoleon fore. beon, moving be Come to outfit,"the this horse pointing he tell there and leave him I could the temper."But fore lose He my up. the riding rode when men was said outfit I back,"got replied: the boss rider stockilybuilt my

"Might be a good story to listen the lad.

to. Let's get off and see what the Ihere was silence for "No. He needs considerable

- walking. It's healthy exercise."boy has to say."He dismounted as considerable time and then

did the boy, but the other rider sat "Where did you get your horse and "I never saw you before. What

in the saddle. Slowly his hand saddle?"is your name?"queried the boy.

dropped to the butt of a revolver. "Bought the horse from the boss "My name?"People call me 'Butch

"Say, Slim, you might lose your for $50.00 and the saddle from the Cassidy.'

JhsL SiansJiiL. oL Bul

STITUTION By WENDELL J. ASHTON

Genera/ Secretary, Deseret Sunday School Union

a wall in the nation's Capitol, Washington, workas they affixed their names to the however, it is a group of young men. QN

men, in September, 1941, hoisted a document in the upper room of the Their average age is but fortyfive.

massive oil painting into place. MeaState House in Philadelphia, SepThe youngest, Jonathan Dayton, a

suring thirty by twenty feet—about tember 17, 1787. George WashingNew Jersey attorney, is twentysix.

twice the size of an ordinary billton, presiding, stands on an elevated It is a solemn but colorful gatherboard sign!—it cost thirty thousand platform beside his large, carved, ing. Powdered wigs, knee breeches,

dollars. It is Howard Chandler highbacked chair. Seated immedibuckles, and jabots prevail. RepreChristy's "The Signing of the Conately in front of him is Benjamin sented among these signers are ninestitution of the United States."Franklin, oldest delegate, in his teen lawyers, six merchants, four

Christy portrays the thirtynine eightysecond year. His long hair statesmen, two financiers, two physioriginal signers of the Constitution flows over his shoulders. Generally, cians, and one each of the following:

ORIGINAL SIGNERS OF THE CONSTITUTION OF THE UNITED STATES

State Age At Nami Birth Date Birthplace Representing Convention Death Date Occupation

George Washington Feb. 22, 1732 Popes Creek, Va. Virginia 55 Dec. 14, 1799 Farmer

John Langdon June 26, 1741 Portsmouth, N. H. New Hamp. 46 Sept. 18, 1819 Merchant

Nicholas Gilman Aug. 3, 1755 Exeter, N. H. New Hamp. 32 May 2, 1814 Statesman"

Nathaniel Gorham May, 1738 Charleston, Mass. Mass. 49 June 11, 1796 Merchant

Rufus King March 24, 1755 Scarboro, Maine Mass. 32 April 29, 1827 Lawyer

(then part of Mass.)

William Samuel Johnson Oct. 7, 1727 Stratford, Conn. Conn. 59 Nov. 14, 1819 Lawyer

Roger Sherman April 19, 1721 Newton, Mass. Conn. 66 July 23, 1793 Merchant

Alexander Hamilton Jan. 11, 1757 Island of Nevis, West Indies New York 30 July 12, 1804 Lawyer

William Livingston Nov., 1723 Albany, N. Y. New Jersey 63 July 25, 1790 Lawyer

David Brearly June 11, 1745 Spring Grove, N. J. New Jersey 42 Aug. 16, 1790 Lawyer

William Paterson Dec. 24, 1745 County Antrim, Ireland New Jersey 41 Sept. 6, 1806 Lawyer

Jonathan Dayton Oct. 16, 1760 Elizabethtown, N. J. New Jersey 26 Oct. 9, 1824 Lawyer

Benjamin Franklin Jan. 6, 1706 Boston, Mass. Pa. 81 April 17, 1790 Publisher

Thomas Mifflin Jan. 10, 1744 Philadelphia, Pa. Pa. 43 Jan. 20, 1800 Merchant

Robert Morris Jan. 31, 1734 Near Liverpool, Eng. Pa. 53 May 8, 1506 Financier

George Clymer March 16, 1739 Philadelphia, Pa. Pa. 48 Jan. 24, 1813 Merchant

Thomas Fitzsimons 1741 Ireland Pa. 46 Aug. 26, 1811 Merchant

Jared Ingersoll Oct. 27, 1749 New Haven, Conn. Pa. 38 Oct. 31, 1822 Lawyer

Gouverneur Morris Jan. 31, 1752 Morrisania,New York Pa. 35 Nov. 6, 1816 Lawyer

James Wilson Sept. 14, 1742 Carskerdo, Scotland Pa. 45 Aug. 21, 1798 Lawyer

George Read Sept. 18, 1733 North East, Maryland Delaware 53 Sept. 21, 1798 Lawyer

Gunning Bedford, Jr. 1747 Philadelphia, Pa. Delaware 40 March 30, 1812 Lawyer

John Dickinson Nov. 8, 1732 Talbot County, Maryland Delaware 54 Feb. 14, 1808 Lawyer

Jacob Broom 1752 Wilmington, New Castle Delaware 35 April 25, 1810 Statesman

Co., Delaware

Richard Bassett April 2, 1745 Cecil County, Maryland Delaware 42 Sept. 15, 1815 Statesman

James McHenry Nov. 16, 1753 Ballymena, Ireland Maryland 33 May 3, 1816 Physician

Daniel of St. Tho. Jenifer 1723 Charles County, Maryland Maryland 64 Nov. 16, 1790 Financier

Daniel Carroll July 22, 1730 Upper Marlboro, Maryland Maryland 57 May 7, 1796 Land Owner

John Blair 1732 Williamsburg, Va. Virginia 55 Aug. 31, 1800 Lawyer

James Madison, Jr. March 16, 1751 Port Conway, Va. Virginia 36 Tune 28, 1836 Lawyer

William Blount March 26, 1749 Bertie County, N. C. N. Carolina 38 March 21, 1800 Realtor

Richard Dobbs Spaight March 25, 1758 New Bern, N. C. N. Carolina 29 Sept. 6, 1802 Statesman

Hugh Williamson Oct. 5, 1735 West Nottingham, Pa. N. Carolina 51 May 22, 1819 Physician

John Rutledge Sept., 1739 Charleston, S. C. S. Carolina 48 July 18, 1800 Lawyer

Charles Cotesworth Pinckney Feb. 25, 1746 Charleston, S. C. S. Carolina 41 Aug. 16, 1825 Lawyer

Charles Pinckney 1758 Charleston, S. C. S. Carolina 29 Oct. 29, 1824 Lawyer

Pierce Butler July 11, 1744 County Carlow, Ireland S. Carolina 43 Feb. 15, 1822 Planter

William Few June 8, 1748 Baltimore, Maryland Georgia 39 July 16, 1828 Banker

Abraham Baldwin Nov. 6, 1754 Guilford, Conn. Georgia 32 1807 Lawyer

PHOTOGRAPH BY HORYDCZAK OF THE publisher, farmer, landowner, realland. It is like a great tree under TIONPAINTINGOF THE"SIGNINGUNITEDTHESTATES"CONSTITUBY

tor, planter, and banker. whose branches men from every HOWARD CHANDLER CHRISTY.

clime shielded be can Jefferson, at from the burnin France Thomas us, "It is an interesting tradition that, ing rays ofthe the sun."4 time, referred to this group as

"an assembly of demigods,"1 and during the prayers with which Dr.

William E. Gladstone, the British HpHAT the framers of the ConstituDuche opened that meeting [the

Prime Minister, characterized their tion formed an assemblage of First Continental Congress] at Carfinished product as "the most wongreat men no student of history can penter's Hall on September 5, 1774, derful work ever struck off at a given doubt. Threefourths of the delewhile most of the delegates were

time by the brain and purpose of gates had served in Congress. But standing, Washington was kneelman. in the Mormon way of thinking, ing.

In the holy writ of the Church of these pillars of government were Washington's true humility shone

Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, more than intellectual giants; they, out when Lewis Nicola, a colonel in

however, an even deeper significance in the words of Brigham Young, his army, apprised him of a moveis its the given to Constitution inspired and "were 5 from on high to do mentthe generalafoot, aftertheir theking.war, to"Banishmake "...framers. has said: Lord I that The work."

established the Constitution of this To delve into the lives of these these thoughts from your mind, and land, by the hands of wise men whom patriots reveals an abundance of never communicate, from yourself

I raised up unto this very purpose, strong religious conviction. Take, or anyone7 else, a sentiment of a like

fiery reply. nature,"was the the redeemedand the shedfor instance, land by George Washington,

after he had received Two daysding of blood."Smith, 3 Joseph Constitutional of the who president Conreceived this revelation at Kirtland, vention and "father"of this country. a proclamation from Congress anOhio, December 16, 1833, wrote on As a boy, George wrote this motto nouncing the cessation of hostilities

another occasion, "... the Constituin his notebook: "Labor to keep alive with Britain, Washington ordered

tion of the United States is a glorious in your breast that little spark of cethe army chaplains 8to "render thanks standard; it is founded in the wisdom lestial fire, conscience."He was a to Almighty God."

of God. It is a heavenly banner; it regular attender at his church, takAgain, in his inaugural address,

is to all those who are privileged with ing an active part in his parishes at Washington's thoughts rose heaventhe sweets of liberty, like the cooling Alexandria and Pohick. ward: "It would be peculiarly imshades and refreshing waters of a But Washington's deeprooted proper to omit in this first official

great rock in a thirsty and weary faith branched out beyond chapel act, my fervent(Continuedsupplicationon pageto that598) 1M. Farrand, The Fathers of the Constitution, walls. Winthrop, the historian, tells

Chronicles of America Series, p. 109. eRobert C. Winthrop, Presidents of the United

2Gladstone, in North American Review, CXXVII, *Smith, Teachings of the Prophet Joseph Smith, States, edited by J. G. Wilson, p. 19.

p. 185. p. 147. 'Ibid, p. 25.

3Doctrine and Covenants 101:80. Journal of Discourses, Vol. 7, pp. 9-15. sIbid, p. 27.

EXCERPTS FROM LETTERS of BRIGHAM YOUNG To His Wife HARRIET COOK

carriage and taken you along with them.

We all want to see very much. I should

come back but feel that it would not be safe for me to come to Nauvoo again very /jyft.j*44/C >/Wi%X[ ilrtJtJvMAAmHMt fX> soon.

girls talk a for me. The Kiss the babe wtfjr. A. Jt. /f. i$itJt with wish you deal and about js.Jts*. Mfj*. * 'p+ff&.'&o-v* great you **}***&

iIa*..-*. AM A them. They have a tent to themselves.

have them. is to kind very Ann Mary We (CAMPCOOK HARRIET ELIZABETH trt"journey our well on very ourselves enjoyed BELL) YOUNG *4E*x-, -*., AJt, J-Mi.<'c-* y, 4s**'* f*-*4./&<** 1 I *f hope weather. bad had much though we

J**f iCn S long. Brother before will us overtake you ti **fc< Jh- A. J2.".... yi bring passing will possibly you years, new the B. Noble JosephWithfacets of greatness appear and I hope Sister Powers. See Sisters Mary

to add lustre to the revered andthey Margaretare coming.PearceGiveif myyoulovecantoseethemwhenall

name of Brigham Young. Through to Brother and Sister Ashley and the chilunpublished letters which are now dren. They are a blest family I think.

being brought to the attention of Sister Harriet, bring a few tin plates, cups, this generation, the tenderness with *pt 4&ffo''(><*Ci* tJJte?***. 0***4*+* andwill etc.be convenientand etc., if onyouthecanjourney.get them.EarthenThey

his Brighamwhich Young regarded is evifamily and his acquaintances ******* &*. &hu(. aU,/J& isscantynot worthfor suchmuchthings.and theMaygirlsthe areLordtherebybless

denced. Even in the trials of his Syi'-mjhj you and the little boy.

westward march with the advance f.Mfc&i,<&*<A */Swr B. Young

company of the Pioneers, he took Harriet Cook time to write words of encourage- I want to see you and the little boy. Tell Camp of Great Council Bluffs

1846 will I 23d she be June Colle hope Sister Augusta and affection to those ment, advice, it is Harriet, I have but again her see blest. (?) I want My dear

he left behind. east.whom for talked of going whether (?) I can NowjustI heardpray you,you of doubt matter a

The letters published in this arsometime. Be cheerful and of good courage harken to my counsel and come to the

the with if come again. have no west; shall way to meet you soon Harriet. Harticle to his wife, We were written

provision, I are have made Brethren and where here in camp quite feel happy WeSister on Brigriet Cook. No dissertation I will first opportunity and to the love to write the west. Give for me my bound

ham Young's love of family can Brother and Sister Ashly (?) and the chilsend a team after you or come myself.

equal in eloquence his own words dren. I remember their kindness. They Edman might bring you or you can come

all Sister heart blesses Janey. blest, such; with be for my incorporated in these letters. shall

the thought of your going cannot talking have I cannot are there so many to me I

Richardson's Point Camp of Israel write. May the Lord bless you and all the east. You will not enjoy yourself if you

here. are friends here, your to read this to Sisters go. Saints. I wish you Come We from Nauvoo 55 miles 15/46 March see first to I long you rate. ourselves Pearce. enjoy Powers, & I Cobb, wife. Harriet Sister the Cook, Lord babe. my dear your with safe to May camp Young. Brigham /s/

address a few lines to you by Brother bless you and yours. Give my best love

Joseph B. Noble who is going to return Mrs. Harriett Cook to Brother Ashly family and all of my

home immediately after his family. I have Chariton River, friends. Br. Bickford the bearer of this is

since friends the of to writing. a written I stop number must waiting and now Nauvoo 25th 1846—100 M. March W. to returned to I I left. expected have Young. Brigham I glad letter to I Luca. was read your like prison it a so looks but much Nauvoo, Harriet Cook. Mrs Brother John I wish you. to from hear farther I west shall I think go to me that Booth) Edith Young to the (Sent Era by the before horses put two had and Evan Brother present. at east going of instead

J. B. Noble will see that you are provided

for to come comfortably, and I want you to come with him. I hope Brother Joseph

Brother I expect him. with come Young will

or carriage will wagon..;.;:;"f Ballott get a good

and team for you and others. Brother

Noble will get a good man to drive it. It

is likely Brother John Young and Evan

Greene, Sister Faney and others of my time. I want will at the same friends come

have Sister and Powers see to her i2 Je/-i. gg&yt****, tji/yj:&y- <a*%*. you

watch her opportunity and take what she store the Davis to when y*y,4M$- can get. Go

is few 7T/ /****-pe-,.&*#*;**>A**Jk.4rth: trade a out and gone and Powers

hundred dollars and start with some one that will bring her a peace with speed, you. with then come and *-A t< 0*,il t. 'j Sister Mar- *** see Mary and you to I want *4k4 jjit, 9*1* Pearce's Robert Brother Pearce, garet

daughters and see if their father is (—coming—-?) if not get them along with you if *&***/ M

you can. Bro. Noble will bring the sister

that is there. Sis. Betsy Fairchild wish

you could bring. Give my love to them all.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1942

Owl fon&titutiotL CigJtt By GEORGE E. GIBBY9nApVuut

By HALLIE GRIGG "Remove not the ancient landmark, which thy fathers have set."

—Proverbs 22:28

\17hen twentyeight years of age, the vv Prophet Joseph Smith made the announcement to the world that our national constitution was divinely inspired. In all the history of our nation,

no more patriotic declaration has ever been uttered, and, to the unbiased student of history, no historical truth is more firmly established. Many of the

fathers, together with Abraham Lincoln, Daniel Webster, Grover Cleveland, and other national leaders, acknowledge the fact. The care and wisdom exhibited in framing that great instrument has no parallel in history. Let

us review, in substance, a part of the meager report given of what took place at that historic gathering, which gave to the world the greatest charter of

VK7HEN Jedediah M. Grant was traveling as a missionary in the liberty known to mankind.

During the convention, Morris spoke

Southern States Mission in the early eighteenforties, he stopped 173 times; Wilson, 168; Madison, 161;

119; 136; Gerry, 138; Mason,one night at the home of Dr. Anderson Irving Grigg in Surrey County, Sherman, once. convenThe and Washington,

North Carolina. Cassandra, Anderson's wife, prepared supper and tion lasted four months and four days.

The proceedings, with very few excep- a bed for Elder Grant, but before retiring the family was told many tions, were held in strict confidence.

things about the Prophet Joseph Smith and the Book of Mormon. Every member agreed he would forever keep silent as to what took place. HowCassandra and three of her daughters were converted and baptized, ever, it is known that, during the session, the forms of government involvbut the doctor, busy with his calls, seemed to doubt the fact that ing twentytwo nations, both ancient

miracles were possible in this age. and modern, were discussed at some

length. The men who took part in the

discussions, and later led in laying the

One evening Elder Grant told the Grigg family about a certain foundation of our great nation, must verse in the Book of Mormon which promises that if one asks with a not be confused with the ignorant and unlettered. They were men of experisincere heart, "if these things are not true,"the Lord will give the testience, dignity, and learning, and there

mony of their truthfulness. Dr. Grigg was deeply impressed and werepoliticalno ambition,factions, stimulatedto shift themby selfishfrom

began to read the book. After reading it through he pondered in his their motives, or confuse them in their

deliberations.

heart about the things he had read. One night he came to the verse After several weeks of discussion,

it the problem seem that would whenwhich Elder Grant had once called to his attention. The doctor that of it extended magnitude such was

went to his room, closed the door, knelt down and prayed vocally, beyond the powers of reason and deliberation for solution, the aged veteran, asking the Lord to give him a knowledge of the truthfulness of the scholar, statesman and philosopher, new book which Elder Grant had left with him. After praying he lay Benjamineral yearsFranklin,in Francewhoin hadthe interestspent sevof

in the darkness of the room in deep thought. American Independence, which, incidentally, involved his matching wits and

Glancing toward the table on which the Book of Mormon was wisdom with the greatest minds of

Europe, arose, and, during a hushed lying, he saw that the book was lighted up with a brilliant light that silence said:

In the beginning of the war with Britain, shone in the dark room. when we were sensible of danger, we had

daily prayers in this room for divine proThe book was ever afterward to him a symbol of light. Anderson tection.they wereOurgraciouslyprayers, answered.sir, were heard;All ofandus

Grigg joined the Church and moved with his family to Utah. Today who were engaged in the struggle must

have observed frequent instances of supermany of his descendants hold the Priesthood and rejoice in the intending Providence in our favor. To that

kind Providence we owe this happy opgospel and the light which caused them to partake of its benefits. (Concluded on page 597)

NEW YORK @hadlsL ofc. VYhfimjmiiLWL.

issue of(Concluded of from the August July 20, 1844, The edition is By Era.) in black mourning. columned The Improvement Joseph

item in says Elder the Prophet there of wavering. thought is no No CYRIL D.

Pratt would address fallingANOrson and Hyrum have been martyred. But of the idea by the wayside. The

Saints at the usual hours Sunday at reports staunchly conference paper PEARSONat Hall, Marion Temperance Canal. 183 the 6, Batavia, with York, on July New later his century greatgrandson,(A Stake representation York noted of Atmembers: NewLorus leads the Hand, York memNew tica Bamembers), (12 Director (24), Hume Work inbership song!

) tavia ( Caledonia, Orangeville 22 7 ), political comes Then a announceWeathersfield (Bennington (6), (6),ment: (2), and Millfort (3). And there apJEFFERSONIANS ATTEND! pears the announcement: was named. Turn left at Windsor on

The friends of General Joseph Smith of 79 seven or eight miles down to the

Nauvoo, Illinois, will meet at the Military The Church of Jesus Christ of Lattersite of Harmony, over the Pennsylvania

Hall on the Bowery on the 11th to select day Saints at Philadelphia, hold their meetline. Or turn north on 79 a few miles

delegates to the great State Convention at ings every Sunday as usual at 3d Street up to the Colesville section. All the

Utica, N. Y., 23rd August, and take such and Willow, over Marshall Institute. time you're on 79 you'll be on the

Grant Eld. J. M.other measures as will his election secure Susquehanna, the river of the youthful

Presiding.to the in highest office the gift of a free Prophet.

and enlightened people to bestow. cast at Brother a glance Utah You The Jedediah was M. Grant""J. the By order of in his see eyes. a and father Grant, of President Morgan

of Committee Arrangements, "Stop, York,"he commands, Grant. Heber Newglint J. SAM'L BRANNAN, spoil it "don't fellow about for a you the buildings At present at 3rd and Sec'y.

to see the show! do we start?"When to appear years Willow be a hundred

At this very time Hiram B. Clawson, old. The keeper of a Hungarian staIn the afternoon, you tell him, and

of Utica, and later the father of Presitionery store on the corner located you'll buy the gas. But first you must

dent Rudger Clawson, was nineteen what he believes is the old Marshall finish the editions of the Prophet.

years old. (His descendant, Douglas Institute, based on the hearsay of an The Saturday, July 27th, issue, still

Clawson, is a member of the Queen's old Irish carpenter who lived in the in mourning, says Elders Wilford

Ward, New York Stake. neighborhood for many years. Woodruff, Orson Hyde, and Orson

Next in the Prophet is a reprint from Incidentally, a tract issued by Parley Pratt have gone to Buffalo on their way the Nauvoo Times and Seasons, in- P. Pratt in Washington in 1840, says to Nauvoo.

teresting because it shows how closely headquarters there are at 9th and D The August 3rd number is no longer the New York Branch of 1844 kept in streets. in mourning. It carries the names S.

withtouch Church headquarters at still cogitating You're about a means publisher, Smith, Brannan, and Wm.

It reports:Nauvoo. of springing plan to Utah, Brother your Brannan editor. Alas for poor Sam

CONFERENCE MINUTES whenpops aintosurefireyour solutionhead. toBrotherthe problemUtah andP. PratterringarrivedWm. Smith.in New WhenYork inParleyDeConference met pursuant to appointment has a stout 1938 Ford that can travel cember, 1844, he learned that William

the April, Saturday, of 6th 1844.on sight the fast, and of 5th smooth Avethe Smith, of brother Prophet, and a

Present. President Smith, Joseph Hyrum nue, as the of restful take a you two the causing of Twelve, member wasSmith, Rigdon, Sidney Marks. and Wm. halls, library the around walk makes in branches. dissension the York New the Twelve. Brigham Heber Young, O/ Brother recount of memories Utah how calling Smith Both Brannan and were Kimball, Richards, WillardC. Wilford

Woodruff, John Taylor, and Geo. A. Smith. fast he's made the trip from Logan in Brigham Young a usurper. Parley's

Presidents Joseph and Hyrum Smith the north to St. George in the south of task was to shepherd the Saints back

came to the stand, and meeting was called Utah. into the fold, and he did. Wm. Smith

to order by Elder Brigham Young. In Utah, yes, you tell him with mock was disfellowshipped, but Brannan rePhelps. Prayer was offered by W. W. scorn, but wouldn't so well he do forbe- pented, and went to Nauvoo, was

river, the PhelpsBrother from across came City tween Palmyra. and York as given. returned New York He to New at his wife,over Hanover, Jersey, and New the distance as It's about from same right Pratt. Wilto Elder hand manSally Phelps, Frankfrom Waterman came

St. to three George, shade over a Logan trial before to liam Smith brought waslin, York. New

hundred miles. There's a quick trip the Church at Nauvoo in August 1845,

Apparently the Prophet Joseph for a man! Go up New York's west and cut off. Parley was present at the

never visited New York City. But in side highway, cross Hudson River at trial, but remembering his former as-

1 839, when Parley P. Pratt was labor177th Street via George Washington sociate's conduct in New York, reing here, the Prophet visited WashingBridge, into New Jersey a short spell, fused to uphold him. Parley said later

ton and called on the president and his then back into New York State! Move that he rued the day he took back Sam

cabinet. From Washington the Prophalong Highway 17 to Liberty—five Brannan as a brother. In '46 Brannan

et came to Philadelphia. Elder Pratt miles from the little village of Nevertook the ship Brooklyn loaded with

and the brethren met with him in Philasink, where lived Thalia Howard, eastern Saints to California, defied the delphia, where a large church was made mother of President Jedediah M. Grant. Church authorities, became a millionavailable to them, and Joseph spoke to Continue on Highway 17 something aire, and died an outcast in poverty.

three thousand people. over one hundred fifty miles from New Incidentally on the voyage around

The Prophet of June 22, 1844, states York to little Windsor in Broome Cape Horn he took with him the

Elder Wm. Smith would preach at New County, birthplace of Brother J. M. printing press from the Prophet.

York, and Orson Hyde at the Grove, Grant and his brother George Davis The May 17, 1845, issue contains a

Jerusalem, South Long Island. Grant, for whom Grantsville, Utah, notice by E. T. Benson, presiding

elder, that the Saints held meetings in tion as these early Mormon New YorkBoston at Suffolk Hall, opposite Boylers.

ston Market. Elder Benson is the Fifteen miles north of Orson Pratt's

ancestor of President E. T. Benson of birthplace is Whitehall, birthplace of

the Washington, D. C, Stake, and of Thomas Grover, bodyguard to the

Sister Louise Benson Greenwood of Prophet. His greatgrandson, Roscoe

New York. Grover, now lives in New York.

All too soon it's twelve o'clock border,At Potsdam,was bornnearthe theearlyCanadianleader,\* then one—and off you go with George Albert Smith, grandfather of

Brother Utah on the trip. You're full Elder George Albert Smith of the

of early Mormon lore. You have an Council of the Twelve.

you'veautomobile road on which map still in George W. Clyde, who settled at existingindicated the towns

brother of Heber, William M., his and state Utah whence came YorkNew both Ogdensburg came from earlypioneers members. of a Alpine, and Two

St. the on Lawrence. family! one of acity and York New

villages are still filled with fleshand- And from Hamilton, where Colgate blood fifth and sixth cousins of their University was founded in 1819, came

Utah relatives, and some of their names Betsy, Joseph, and Nymphus Murdock, are still in the phone directories. ancestors of Sister Lorena Chipman

wife of Stake New York City Joshua Fletcher, From came New York

Fletcher. AlToo, President Harvey TuttleParker, of Manti, Luther Joseph

of Brookfield, Green N. Y., of Bountiful, Henry andHolbrook Van phonso

is her ancestor. and American Fork his cabinet Parker hadTassell. Joshua

shop at 266 Hudson Street, old numAt Watertown is the birthplace of bering, and his residence was close by Dimick P. Huntington, well known

at 29 Charlton Street. At the address Church musician who settled in Provo.

on Hudson Street is now built a magnifiThe Huntingtons are still in the Watercent new structure—but the Charlton town telephone book.

Street home is still extant. The present John E. Page and Daniel H. Wells,

owner says the property was part of a counselor to President Young, both real estate development backed by hailed from little Trenton in Oneida

Aaron Burr. Joshua Parker's shop and County. President Wells is the anceshome were a stone's throw from the tor of Louisa Wells Luke of New York

Marion Temperance Hall at 183 Canal Stake, as well as of George, Joseph B.,

Street, where the L. D. S. services were Melvin and Phyllis Wells. And from

held. One can speculate that Brother South Fremont in the same county

Parker heard the gospel because of the about the same time came George proximity of his location to Church Washington Brimhall, father of the ilheadquarters. lustrious George H., late president of

Brother Paul Summerhays formerly Brigham Young University. Sina Brimof New York is Joshua Parker's greathall Stevenson, wife of Dr. Gordon

grandson, and Sisters Vera Holbrook Stevenson, of New York Stake, is his

Hales and Mary Holbrook Knecht are greatgranddaughter.

Joseph Holbrook's descendants. The parents of Philander Colton

Orson Pratt, scientist and mathemacame from Scipio in Cayuga County.

tician, was born at Hartford in WashPhilander, the grandfather of Don B.

ingtonSchenectady—homeCounty, fifty milesof GeneralnortheastElecof Colton,Hollow, wasN. Y.bornHein was1811,a atmemberClarenceof

tric and modern mathematical wizards. Company "B"of the Mormon BatGranville—sevenAnd William orFelshaweight mileswas fromfrom talion.Howard Coray, friend of Joseph and

Orson's birthplace. Brother Felshaw Hyrum, and who wrote Joseph's histhe Kirtland,worked on and Nauvoo, tory, and from York state, was New

temples,Salt Lake mayor and was ninetyin Salt of died Lake in 1908—age

Fillmore, Millard County. Incidentally, one. He was a living link between

Fillmore,Millard president of the the early New York generation andUnited States, the same generawas of ours.

Also, there's Benjamin Covey of 10. Main Street of Windsor, New York, birthplace Duchess County (the home county of

of President Jedediah Grant, and his M. brother, President Franklin D. Roosevelt),

for Grantsville, George Grant, David whom

Utah, is named. later bishop of the Salt Lake Twelfth

n. In this house at South Bainhridge (now Afton) Ward. And John Anthony Woolf, Sr.,

in Joseph Smith 1S27, and Emma Hale were of Hyde Park, Utah, born in WestTarbill. Squire by married

12 In this house in Colesvi I le section were held chester County, and president of the meetings. gatherings and tavern. Later 1842. in Also Rochelle Branch New

Elders of Curtis descendant (a Brighamit was a Young) in 1843 born Jr., Woolf, John Anthony of in front. District and Skidmore Susquehanna

13. Walter M. Soper (left to right), whose family at Pelham just outside New York City.

of has been at Oceanthe Church members side century; Franklin H., Alice, for a and Today the greatgrandson of John

Roscoe, descendants of Thomas Grover, born Anthony, Sr., is President William

at Whitehall, New York, later of Bountiful, Woolf, first counselor in the New York Utah.

14. Old Marshall Institute on 3rd Street, near WilStake presidency.

low, J. Philadelphia, Elder Grant where M. at in 1814 John Van

in Cott, born'presided and Brother Sister A. 1844. County, some in Columbia C. Canaan City, Pearson, formerly of are standBrigham

ing by. twentyfive miles southeast of Albany,

of Bainbridge15. Main Street (now South Afton) arrived in Utah in '47. where for trial charged Joseph brought was

with putting Colesville into an uproar. (Continued on page 581)

CHANGING THOUGHT

By jWL ifuL (Book d(L TyhfwwfL

Dr. AMOS N. MERRILL

of Brigham Young University Purposes served

of ALTON D. MERRILL ReferenceSale to discourses concerning

Study Principal, North Emery Seminary Style of

Teaching Testimony and reference to witnesses

ThelishedBookinoftheMormonyear 1 830.was SincepubTestimonyTraditionTranslation concerning

that time, volumes have been Truthfulness revealed written concerning it and many disWriting about courses have been published, the authors of either which have

it. con- H>rAviNGfrom thethus1,950tabulatedarticlesall andthe havdata ordemned defended It would

seem that almost every phase of ing evaluated the articles as to length

Book of Mormon controversy should and significance, the following conhave been elaborated in the meanclusions seemed to be justified:

time, in great detail. 1. The speakers and writers of both peSince its publication, the whole riods emphasized the materials found in the

trend of human events has been Book of Mormon as a source of doctrine.

story 2. including and phase, content Thegreatly influenced by the discoveries writers to the appeal large a made

of science and the dominance periods. This both of speakers was of new andevents,

philosophies.writers—evenScholars, speakers and especially noticeable during the latter pemore engage in tendency to is a 3. There

discussions about meaningful andpeople—are notthe thinkingso called todaycommonas riod.thorough

they at the did time the Book of published. wasMormon amount of data to justify conclusions thanthe Bookin the offormer,Mormonbut inin boththe periodslatter periodthere

is speakers part of many a tendency on the The desire to ascertain the concerningin the publicationsthis problemexamined.was foundAfter the to mention Book of writers merely and

changes which have taken place in examining many articles from both Mormon without entering into the meaningin the oremphasis presentation of ful discussion. it thirtyperiods, that observed was

4. writers the speakperiods In ideas both and in as the published foundnew thinktopics the seven engaged had were ers the dealing with of Mormon Bookdiscourses of the speakers and topics the authors. ing of new topics. relatively When few with mainly concernedwriters dealt the have with who revealed topics articles, of these treatment in Their subsequent appeared

Book of Mormon impelled a study of these also were listed in their alphamarked similarity. a

5.this did writers speakers not make problem. and The betical order a part of formed and of prophecies the to reference frequent as this In pursuing study, the authors list. of the permanent number The latter as the in period of the Book Mormondivided the time element, is, the that the period. during discussed, or former topic times each was

time that has elapsed since the Book even mentioned, was recorded on a 6. The facts concerning the archeological

of the truthcollateral asof evidence into published, two was Mormon table, the data from which the formed remainsfulness the of of engaged Book Mormonperiods, the namely, from year 1830 arrived for conclusions basis the the less speakers writers the attention of andto to In from 1915 1855, 1940. and the during than at. period the during second

all, articles 1950 were examined. The thirtyseven topics were as first.

little 7. writers but gave Speakers and data concerning the first For pefollows

to of of the attention study importance a allriod, available the of of the copies of the Mormon. Book Animalsfollowing publications examwere 8. of references the number from Judging Anthropology

ined: Archeology to such topics as animals mentioned in the

of authoranthropology, Mormon, Book Evening and The Deseret News, a history As sources, other Braille, ship, from copied Authorship Star, MillennialMorning Star, The littruthfulness of copyright, evidence from Biblical corroboration Seer, Expositor, andNauvoo The criticism erature, miscellaneous geography, Braille

Times and Seasons. Content and tradition, were of very minor imporData for the second period were Copied from other sources tance. All save one of these, namely miscelthe criticism, in included only laneous weregathered from the following publicaCopyright

period. latter Doctrine:tions of style in which the Book Mor- 9. The Distribution

Conference Report, The Deseret Divine authority mon was written engaged the attention of

News, The Millennial Star. Evidences of truthfulness from literature the speakers and writers in both periods.

Although the sources of reference Geography More attention, however, was given to the first topic during than the during period mention Mere for the period fewer secondwere the period. second criticism Miscellaneous

first, thethan for data much more 10. the of frequency from Judging Originwere obtained from the sources of Origin of nickname ence in the literature, the sale and distriburefer-

the latter period than from the first. Personalities of tion of the Book of Mormon did not receive

first especially in emphasis, the peillustrations major Pictorial periods publications in both Other period, riod. In espehowever, the second Plates rethese examined, but sincewere cially in in misthose published sources the Printing

veal nothing of importance that was Prophecies sion fields, both of these topics received new, it was felt that an adequate Publications considerable emphasis.

pwm.ihjL fia&t SAMPLER

By ARTHUR M.

-.,, y

..'.....:.. - RICHARDSON:'>:.'.. *..,..,,,::,,.........., -...

:ci. '.,":"<: ''..:'''v:,os

of,N the sanctimony age I ':'"-.-;/-..v-;..,:.;... -;tt d'd?'> this troubling uniorder, beforeand

. ft... &#.! &:..r-.:...:h filled disverse with modern was,,:;;:::,-;., c J y: d;E d -'A ry

.r,,.;..-,, t...ei- d $,*i y:.,,. r,;::.A,.; talent,tractions.;;;Ci of s-m-j t >',.t; the time and.. yiVs,->zrft..;, t, t,y( yf-:y<y

sampler flourished. A sampler is a

strip or square of linen or canvas t <'X-->'>.;..-: c.

recording specimen stitches and patterns. An ancient honorable and

most interesting history records their y development from instructors to museum pieces. Chaucer, Shelton, and

Shakespeare refer to the practice of For this period the most familiar ONE HUNDRED AND TWENTYTWO-YEAROLD GEORGE BY MRS. SAMPLER OWNED them.making in type is long shape and narrow MASSACHURICHARDSON OF LYNN, During regular of the earlier stages of its decorated with emSETTS.A. bands

history the sampler was worked by broidery and cutand-drawn work.

adults as well as by children and it The designs were worked on is only later that this exploitation bleached or unbleached linen with hundred twentytwo years. Two

of youthful industry became univerwhite or colored silks and sometimes colors of silk were used, black and sal among the instructors of children. metal threads. They went through old blue on a piece of unbleached

Then for many years samplers were the usual developments from the linen.

worked by every young girl of arissimple piece to that having many As this sampler shows, of course, tocratic and wellto-do families. It complicated designs to illustrate the the embroiderer was seldom the dehad the advantage of giving the different kinds of stitches. signer of the decoration upon which

skillchild of as it and she worked fingers sampler worked. The HpHE eighteenth century saw a her of refserving as a guide and source therefore of notebook a kind was

erence all the rest of her life. Howchange in the style of samplers. exhibiting various suggestions for

ever, as the world began to move The plain square variety gradually needlework.

more rapidly, the sampler, about the superseded other shapes. Linen was In this case, however, this fact

middle of the nineteenth century, still the chief substance employed. proves of value. Elevenyear-old

ceased to become a part of education. It is during this century that the decSally Richardson no doubt worked

Finally its prominence is again oration of the sampler became a out a design prepared by her mother, acknowledged, although in a differmuch more elaborate affair. Letters, or at least was undoubtedly helped

ent way. Samplers appealed to the as such, ceased to be used primarily and instructed by her in the complefancy of the collector. Some very as markings. tion of the work. Then, too, the

fine collections have been assembled. In the nineteenth century a marked time it would take for an elevenyear-

An individual who owns one looks deterioration of ideas set in. Designs old girl to complete the work and the

upon it as a real prize. became stereotyped and stiff. The family interest that would therein

It is with the 1 7th century that the crossstitch was used practically to be aroused would almost preclude history of the sampler in England the exclusion of other stitches and the possibility of an error in name really begins. As New Englanders came to be known as the sampler and dates being made. Should such

were largely of northern European stitch. The sampler died out about a thing have occurred it would no

and English ancestry it is easy to 1850. doubt have been corrected by any

trace the custom from the Old World The sampler here pictured is inone of a number of interested parties.

to the New. teresting for many reasons. It shows This sampler is also priceless. To

One of the earliest of all known the influence of several earlier stages date, there has been no other place samplers and the earliest New of development. The needle work where this family record could be

World piece is in this country in the is in crossstitch and star stitch or, as located. Neither the printed genepossession of the Essex Institute in it was called, the millflower. The alogies nor the records of the state

Salem, Massachusetts, and was interest is in the lettering while the of Maine have revealed it.

worked by the first wife of Governor decoration consists of the seamEndicott. She came to Salem in stress's family. In this recording of ""Phe author of this article recently

1628 and died in 1629, so undoubtdates the worker's birthdate is menmade a trip to Massachusetts.

edly the sampler was worked in her tioned and on the bottom of the samWhile there a first cousin once regirlhood in England. The upper part pler the date 1820, which moved having a common interest in

consists of the alphabet and the is when she finished. It determines genealogy and of the work that had

lower part of examples of needle her age at that time as eleven years been done on their line with its atwork. and the age of the sampler as one (Concluded on page 579)

UNDEFEATED A TEACHER PRAYS CONQUEST

By Anne Pendleton By Pciscilla Doe Wright By Ruth Marfarlane the storm, the of fury Lord, by CHARMED long has been way OH The precipice I jutting I clung atop today teach songs a would for song vainly Searching lips rocks the to sing other the breakers on For watched And its in heart faint sorrow. cheer To my

I the prolong below. would music Thou grace quite without I seem

given. lashing they Hast were waves Mad, to face courage With

left in spray, themselves spent and That the leads to morrow. on road which That Lord, Dear a-glisten, stolid stone unmoved. but The pain, yield but years The I voice. seek Thy

Grim worlds war again, Oh wilt Thou share with me, Above, a sea gull poised against the gale

On the same crimsonmatted sod; And may I learn the lessons first To all appearances at rest,

Yet may yesterday's grief From Thee? And still I knew in pinion and in wing

But strengthen belief Great force and strength maintained.

In the justice and mercy of God! And now I come to you, to find you here,

IDLE WORDS content Against this other storm, COPPER TOWN By Helen Miller Lehman Serene, secure;

For deep within your heart the peace of

By Helen Beckstead GOSSIP God abides,

Is like feathers Achieved through former grim adversities.

THEsides.camp sprawls out upon the mountain RetraceScatteredyourbesidestepsthe toroad.gather them,

winds leaking houses, and rains, AndUnpainted they have blown MARGARET their wide onImpartially, sag loosely Away.

Foundation stones. The honk of ore trains By Claire Noall

In the open copper pit, the high shrill hoot lit the flame of myOf largemouth fill the waitingTo shovelscars—thesebiting chunkssounds ofdon'tore A LITTLE HOUSE To herlamp.whose torch

suit By Rose Ross What matter that it went quickly by!

with brighter fire wrens hills canyon on burned peacefilled where lampSuch before stand own my her word white gate TheBecause pour I of pride feel surge a And it. quickened the and yuccas wind songs through HadDawn

It's house to a little good own lift

Their white bells cloudward in the morning In a world unfriendly wide. No loss, but gain in some mysterious way

of pain the hour through Comes air. job, day, long, hard a weary A the leaves memory And

in this lost Are lambent Alive with tailings, sending grey thick have whatFor light heart grows coming home myretreat; On thought of edge Gilded rifts feet. briskly move my And center Whose fair mill, to the from do with odorsOf

die. not Does stinging hills? care is that a what Spring And wonder man There no

sulphur fumes Will fight for home and love frail complexions of cholla cactus It's a littleFor the good to own house THE STAYAT-HOMES stars quiet above. blooms? With

By Bianca Bradbury HARVEST FIELD sit upon a harbor dock, HARVEST QUATRAIN By Vesta P. Crawford WE Together, you and I.

watch years the we happy down Mating Helen By sky, And burnished the beneath yellow waves sailing by. ships go The IN plain, the across far rich abundance With harvester, of the clatter

lie fields THE the sun, wheat the in feet Metallic is beneath our ours moored But its knives of clicking The beaded the gilds of beauty sheen peacefully. rocking Where And fields lie in the grain of sacks And grain. dream, a It brave big holds and so hives. the from pushed drones Like contemplative I in mood stand sea! It Alone to put never

Before these acres meshed in shining gold,

Searching for words to voice a gratitude to the heart of the powerBEAUTY ROUND THE HOME PLACE Beyond hold. THREE GIFTS OF FAITH for peace granary a us build Now let

By Julia W. Wolfe That ever in earth's wide and waiting field By Gladys B. Kennard

The wheat again may ripen and release acquire in the making may is beauty man is a faith hunger with from world TheThere its ample yield; There

things, bronzed sheaves; three from let bread a millennium be made he gains Of brown By which Oh soon

In the culling of a cabbage That men may reap the harvest, unafraid! And gaining them, he reaches higher

With rain diamonds on its leaves. Than any earthly kings:

past the from truths of wisdom The the cattle in is beauty There hear; to us teaches Faith

square cobbled the cross they As can, future of the visions While milking for barn shadowed the clear; To path his faith, make Through stare. sit and owls brown two Where walk to learns faith he last, in And

fear. without present The finding the in is beauty There

all possess:—leaders faith our Such nestwarm; egg, ivory an Of they've known. all the joy to guide whinny; A colt's sudden In a shy

happiness, true to have we, So form. patient mare's brood In the

faith our own. such to but make Need

farm, the in is home beauty There from this for was taken (The thought earth the of tending the For in the Brother Widtsoe statement by Ma its creatures all of care the And faith.) his lessons, on I. A. MenGleaner M. earth. to peace primal a Brings

HifBooETIacfi 1 936, to June 27, 1 937—after which he was rather than accept the "new gods"and the

CHILDREN'S STORY WRITERS tried by a National Socialist People's "new order where matters of conscience secret that the court Tribunal, that concerned."and were by knew He set free—but—ATTENTION

refor, as services. his police freedom, that he enjoy more did were attending no He

THIRTY dollars will be awarded recorded by Thomas Mann, "the gestapo ferred to their presence in his sermons. That

the best children's story submitted arrested him again at the back door of the his friends had repeatedly warned him of before October 1, 1942, to The Chilcourthouse and he was taken to a concenthe consequences of this course is evident dren s Friend, 39 Bishop's Building, tration camp by special personal order of from his utterance made in his next to last

Salt Lake City, Utah. the fuehrer."Niemoeller was a naval ofsermon:

Only one story of no more than ficer before he was called to the pulpit. His "Brothers and sisters... it has come to

three thousand words may be subloyalty to Germany would seem to be this; we are being accosted on all sides, by

mitted by any contestant, whose real above question—but he made the mistake statesmen as well as by the man in the

name must not appear on the manuof repeatedly declaring his obligation to street,'who tell us: Do not speak so loudly

script, which should carry a pen God and his people and his conscience or you will land in {Continued on p. 580)

name. Attached to the manuscript

should be a sealed envelope with the pen name on the outside; on the inside

should be a slip of paper carrying the real name and the address of the author.

The story should be typewritten or written legibly on one side of the paper, and a statement accompanying the story should certify that the NOW READY!

story is the contestant's original work; that it has never been published; that it is not now in the M.I.A. Reading Course Books

hands of any editor or other person with a view to publication; that it

will neither be published nor submitted for publication until the contest is decided. Executive In The Gospel Net. $1.25

by John A. Widtsoe

IN THE GOSPEL NET Special Interest Gospel Standards 2.25

(John A. Widtsoe. Illustrated. Stevens by President Heber J. Grant

Wallis,and Salt Lake City. 1942. M Men—Gleaners 141 pages. $1.25.)

(Joint) I Dare You...... 1.25

satisfying, deeply moving,Poignantly is by William H. Danforth

for truth search this story of a woman's and adherence to it after it was found. To M Men Missionary Experiences 1.00

those of us of today, softened by easy living, Edited by Preston Nibley leave to impelled hersuch which adherence friends to be Gleaners..Elizabeth, England's Modern Queen. 2.00 people,country, would seem

the hardest of sacrifices. To her it was byCornelia Spencer

the gospel. only Alogicalstrangeaction,land, havinga strangeacceptedlanguage,the Explorers Missionary Experiences 1.00

a strange manner of living, all could be Edited by Preston Nibley that in the surefaced joyously knowledge Junior Girls Maud.: 1.49 she the religion of the truth of hadshe had

accepted. No hardship could be too great; Edited by Richard Lee Strout

no poverty too severe but what she could Scouts Lincoln 1.00

endure if only her two beloved sons might have their opportunity in the Church with by Lucy Foster Madison which she was affiliated. BeeHive Girls Clara Barton 1.50

To our Church membership, made up of the converts from many lands, this book by Mildred Mastin Pace will come as a peculiar testament, reviving the great stories of their ancestors, who These prices are cash with the order. If sent C. O. D. or charged, postage

to "gathered''likewise that they Zion might will be added. In Utah addfor2 percentyour convenience.for sales tax. Below is an order form gospel. blessings the restored ofenjoy the

This book was first issued privately by

Dr. Widtsoe and distributed to his family

and close friends. At the insistence ofthose who read it, he consented to have it DESEHET BOOK COMPANY

republished. It is now available in a de luxe 44 East South Temple, Salt Lake City, Utah

gift edition at a reasonable price. No LatGentlemen: exto miss theterday Saint can afford

I enclose $ for -which send me the Books checked. of reading byperience In the Gospel Net

Dr. John A. Widtsoe.—M. C. ]. Yours truly,

GOD IS MY FUEHRER (Pastor Martin Niemoeller. Philosophical

Library & Alliance Book Corporation,

New York. 1941. 294 pages. $2.75.)

last a translation of the volume isThis

Give full P. O. Address Martin twentyeight of Pastor sermons

Niemoeller, vicar of BerlinDahlem, which sermons were delivered from October 25,.

OUR GREATEST

v f."';j..:,.;;.-, I.;'->''MENACE

,n this R wA AND THE FALL OF NATIONS IS HISDRINKTORY'S LESSON FOR AMERICA.

By CHARLES S. LONGACRE

Secretary, American Temperance

Society

{Reprinted by permission from "Signs o} the Times")

-Lhere never has been a greater menaceT to civilization and the cause of righteousness than the slavery and wretchedness imposed traffic. liquor the humanityupon by victorious in Persian dissipation, complete posthat the people were no 1 never has land nor a beenThere an city."session of the longer capable of any heroic indignanot felt people theage have in which Alexander his the Great and tion on account of the vices of their

3 fetters. grip of its merciless It has soldiers first Macedonian were at insovereigns."

homes,broken saddened more more vincible. after But Alexander had The Western of Empire Rome hearts, families impoverished more conquered the world, himself he was overthrown at the was hands the of quarrels, fosteredprovoked more conquered the cup. by wine He of barbarians the north because the lives, fights, more wreckedmore himself to drink. abandoned the At had Romans become so debauchedblasted reputations, hopes more and f thirtytwo age he of master was through intoxication profligacy and lost crimes,committed more more the slave world, to but alcohol. a A that they incapable were of defendnations ruinedwars, than and more after he the few months had reached ing themselves. for cared They evil in this other world. agencyany his peak.of conquests, invited he was nought save pleasure drink, and

An eminent statesman aptly to a bacchanalian carousal There, "The colossal fabric planted of old summed up the evil effects of the says Plutarch, he drank all that time b the patrician fatherS) liquor traffic when he said, "It is the night and the next day, till at last strengthened and made great amid all villainies, father of the of allsum Upn him 'the bloody struggles of the Republic, allcrime, the mother of abominain SS.Thus diedj. i thei mightyCTmgconqueror transformed of Julius by the genius

tions, the curse of all curses, the a drunken debauch. C3tsar> and disgraced and degraded

devil's best friend and God's worst '"Fhe Romans made themselves masby the licentiousness of the later emenemy."ters of the world through abperors, fell prostrate in the dust and

History testifies that drink has stemious habits, industry, and soexpired."*

been one of the chief causes of the briety. Both Julius and Augustus On Christmas night, 1776, Gendownfall of nations. Caesar led a comparatively simple era l Washington, knowing that ColEverybody knows how Babylon life. Their "banquets"and "tables onel Rahl and his mercenary HesBelshazzarwas never the were scene of boisterous sian overthrown—how as soldiers would, customary,

of a great feast to a thousandmade revelry drunkenness."and 2 Howfeasting give themselves over to and

his lords, "and drank wine before the ever, most of the succeeding Roman drunkenness in their barracks at thousand; how they drank wine, emperors were given to gluttony Trenton and so be off guard in the

and praised the gods of gold, and of and drunkenness,"and the last three early hours of the morning, decided silver, of brass, of iron, of wood, and hundred years of the Roman Emto make his attack with a handful of stone"; and how that very night pire were devoted to "frivolity, pleasof American soldiers, and won a hisBelshazzar the king of the Chalure, and dissipation."Of the closing toric victory for the cause of freedeans was slain, "and Darius the days of the Empire, the historian dom.

Median took the kingdom."That says: 'Rome was now effeminated The battle of Waterloo on June

in revelrynight debauchery of... and debauched. and And so high be18, 1815, was lost by Napoleon

. night the of doom..Babylon "was of the vices corruption had risen and (Concluded on page 588)

all fled in Babylonians drunkenThe Ridpath, 1 John C. slbid. 64. chapter History of the World, chapter 25.

.. thedirections. 62. chapter Hbid.. *lbid. 66. chapter. The dawn found

VB%urnOlovesNewraExpiration Date the first Sunday School of the Church

On Temple Recommends CAUTION AGAINST UNNECin that city. He was a member of the

first later there, presidency and branch REQUESTS ESSARY FOR issued cover to recommends""Temple president. branch was made BIRTH CERTIFICATES

1 period the to from January June of brief time he a a For member was for the applicants defense Because will 1942, 30, run to extended be the the Presidency. Stake Juarez When for military appointjobs and it an1942, through 30, September was in 1918, created EI he Paso was Ward in to are cases required ments most First the Presidency on nounced by first bishop, selected as the a posiwas office birth, certificates of the secure

July 2. of the Church Historian has for many tion he held until he was called to the

All recommends thereafter will exmonths been burdened with an overpresidency of the Mexican Mission.

pire on March 31, or September 30. whelming number of requests for President Pierce is acquainted with

This action has been taken to relieve birth certificates. Because of this unmany of the leading officials of Mexico

of because demand, and presidents of the precedented bishops branch and as as the mission well and many of its this for purlimited the available help recissue having temple of to burden members. are the pose, of Church members first the of the year on whenommends birth request to therefore not asked "In Net"Gospel The tithing records other be closed. must and certificates the Historian's Offrom Comes From The PressM. I. A. Assembly fice except in case of urgent necesProgram is Changed sity. HThe first copies of In The Gospel Net * 141page Dr. a book A. by John for in the holding the plan change A

the of the of Council Widtsoe Twelve, *"* I. services assembly of the A. M.

its six 23. the the of press presentation hundred from came July ImThe is evenings announced by withon Tuesday

is accord- 1 9, this of publisher seventyninth the program, provement Era July follows: the as general boards

first the story, of ing privatepublished to L. Elder which Richard Evans was

... this that are recommending We for ly Seventy, First circulation Dr. of the Council Widtsoe who by last the during period occur [assembly]

first all of the for his ten the family, friends but months but among and which session, 8:30 half the of evening from hour

to 9:00 p. m. rather than from 7:40 to 8:10 broadcast's existence, has been prowas later adopted as an M. I. A. read-

p. m. as heretofore. ducerannouncer of the famed program. ing course for the year 194243, and

After the opening exercises all departThe choir, older than the present republished for general distribution.

ments will go to their several classrooms tabernacle, has been broadcasting over for manual work, continuing until 8:25. On national radio chains since 1929. Primary Issues

the first and third Tuesdays of each month New Lesson Material for will reassemble they at 8:30 a program Mission New Mexican lesson logs, bulletins, classbooks, "M[ew similar furnished. to those heretofore President Called * class designations, the will proremain they second Tuesday and a new On

in their classrooms for recreational activities "Dishop Arwell Lee Pierce of the El ject will be used by one hundred thirty pertaining to their own groups; these will *-'Paso (Texas) Ward, Mount Grathousand Primary Association officers,

outlined in be each manual. department teachers, his wife, 194243 D. in the Stake, members and and Mary ham

all will the fourth groups Tuesday On in season, 13, beginning September. set apart Pierce, August by were

at social reassemble for con- 8:30 a hour

first Instead of the the class preside First to being dethe over Presidency sisting features. other of dancing, or games,

On this evening the sessions may continue Mexican Mission of the Church with signated as the Beginners, it is now to until 9:30. headquarters in Mexico City. be known as Group One and includes

They succeed President and Mrs. A. children four and five years of age. The

Authorities Note Birthdates Lorenzo Anderson. next class, Group Two, includes chilTfwo members of the First Presidency President Pierce was born in Glendren six years of age. The Zion's Boys

of the Church will mark the dates wood, Sevier County, but at eight and Girls, which formerly was a one of their birth during the month of Sepyears of age was taken to Mexico year group, is now to be for two years.

tember, and The Improvement Eva where his family were called to colThe nine, ten, and elevenyear-old wishes them many happy returns of the onize. boys and girls will continue to be Trail

day. He served as a missionary in the Builders and Home Builders, with three

President J. Reuben Clark, Jr., will Mexican Mission from 1904 to 1906. year lesson courses planned for each

celebrate his seventyfirst birthday on He made his home in El Paso from group.

September 1. Formerly United States 1912 to the present time, and organized The new project of the Primary AsAmbassador to Mexico, and onetime

UnderSecretary of State, he was sustained as second counselor in the First

Presidency, April 6, 1933. Eighteen

months later, in October, 1934, he was ordained an apostle and became the first counselor in the First Presidency.

President David O. McKay will note

his sixtyninth birthday on September 8. He was ordained an apostle April

9, 1906, and became the second counselor in the First Presidency in October, 1934. He is a former general superintendent of the Deseret Sunday School

Union.

Tabernacle Choir Begins Fourteenth Radio Year HPhe weekly nationwide broadcast of the Tabernacle Choir and Organ began its fourteenth year on the air A. LORENZO ANDERSON ARWELL LEE PIERCE

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1942

sociation is "I will not talk in Church. Miss Anne Richards, daughter of by Elder C. Fritz Johansson, acting

I will go to Sacrament meetings."The Elder and Mrs. Preston Richards, and mission president.

theme of all lessons will be the Articles a descendant of the Young family, was R. Simond, district president of the

of Faith. the maid of honor at the launching. FrenchSwiss district, with headquarships is being ters class successreported of Liberty at This Neuchatel, a School UrgesSunday

after in Americans. prominent 3, ful conference held Launamed MayBuilding Libraries Ward recreasanne, climaxed a which by was of Cleanup board of the SundayTHE general tional attended evening more by A School has recently advised that Buildings is Requested one hundred persons. than

each ward create a library where the "Dishops are requested by the Church Abraham Hindonian, acting presistandard works of the Church, other beautification committee to begin a dent of the PalestineSyrian Mission,

Church books, pictures, and maps to aid thorough check of all Church property, reported that members were in good in the preparation and presentation of repairing all buildings in need of repair, condition, but the shortage of food was lessons may be kept for the use of the and turning all excess salvage over to growing acute. He made a special

ward. The library committee of the the government. plea that the Saints remember the memgeneral a brochure board has prepared

books,listing enrichment maps, and Ogden Second Ward bershipA similarof thatreportmissionhasinbeentheir receivedprayers.

charts, for each course in each departUnveils Cumorah Mural from the British Mission, where Elder ment. Copies of this pamphlet may be /\N June 21 an oil painting of the Hill Andre K. Anastasiou is acting mission

obtained without cost at the offices of Cumorah by J. M. Stewart, Jr., was president. Details which would be obthe Deseret Sunday School Union, 50 unveiled in the chapel of the Ogden jectionable to the censors had been

North Main Street, Salt Lake City. Second Ward, Weber Stake. The omitted from all reports.

Dr. Asper Plays aroundeveningthesacramenthistory andservicethe comingwas forthbuilt Canadian Branch

In Mexico City of the Book of Mormon. ( See photoDedicates Chapel

])R- Frank W. Asper, organist at the graph, lower left) HpHE Hamilton Branch chapel of the

Salt Lake Tabernacle, gave a series Several of the other wards in Ogden Canadian Mission was dedicated of five concerts, three at the famed have paintings done by Elder Stewart, June 1 7, by Elder Joseph Fielding Smith

Metropolitan Cathedral, in Mexico who was born in Philadelphia in 1890. of the Council of the Twelve.

the years property ago purwas TwoCity, the sponduring August, month of Relief Society Memorial that the with the old idea chased housesored de Sociedad Musica de by the Campanile Plaques Designed torn be chapel a would and downCamara.

He also gave recitals at the famous A vard Fairbanks, Utah sculptor, has erected. In the spring of 1942, when

church, Our Lady of Guadalupe, and * completed the plaques to be used the plans of the new chapel had been in the cathedral in the city of Guadain the Nauvoo Temple Bell Campanile, completed and enough money saved to lajara. to be erected on Temple Square comstart the building, the Canadian govNew Radio nial,memoratingwhich tookthe Reliefplace Societylast Marchcenten17. miternmentfor thewouldneedednot issuebuildinga prioritymaterials.perSeries Begun Coincident with the announcement It was suggested by one of the mis-

A new type of Church radio program, from Mr. Fairbanks was the decision sionaries that the old house, standing

a series of round table discussions, by the General Authorities that the began on KSL on Sunday, July 19, at completion of the campanile will be 9:15 p. m., M. W. T. They take the postponed until the war emergency is

place of the Fulness of Times, the passed. This is felt to be in harmony

dramatic historical series that has with the government's war program, alproved very popular during the forethough the project was begun and all going thirtynine weeks. materials for the monument were obtained before the building restrictions

American Liberty Ship were announced.

Christened "Brigham Young"War Fails to Stop Liberan American"Drigham Young, Old World Missions *r? of the ty ship the ways slid down

Wilmington, California. August 17, PVstrict conferences and other funcafter it had been christened by Mrs. tions of the Swedish Mission have CANADIAN MISSION CHAPEL

Emma Lucy Gates Bowen, a grandbeen conducted as usual, says the misdaughter of President Brigham Young, sion historical record for the twelve on the property, be remodeled. This

and wife of Elder Albert E. Bowen months ending in April, and received in work was begun on March 21. Night

of the Council of the Twelve. late July. The annual report was sent and day the members of the branch and

the missionaries worked, putting in new windows, plastering, painting, landscapHILL ing the grounds, scarcely finishing the

CUMORAH work in time for the dedication.

The Hamilton Branch is one of the oldest branches in the Canadian Mission. At present it is presided over by

Branch President Alva O. Jones and

Victor Brown and William Ayers, counselors. Reported by Elder Floyd

Johnson.T President Cites

Trends in Education rT rOTAL war is compelling major

BY A changes in higher education, Dr.

J. M.

STEWART, Franklin S. Harris, president of BrigJR. ham Young University, reported recent after returning from California,

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1942

where he studied the place of college John Henry Vanderburg and Thomas Justice Sutherland Dies in the war. H. Butterfield as counselors.

Brigham Young University has been N. Russel Tanner succeeded Frank /.eorge Sutherland, only Utahn to allotted a quota of eight hundred one C. Simmons as first counselor in the serve on the bench of the United

enlistments in the new reserve officers'Weber Stake presidency March 22. States Supreme Court, died in Stockprogram, in which army, navy, marine bridge, Mass., July 18. He was eighty

Bishop Harris Dies years old. corps, and coast guard have joined.

YVTe are informed by the Presiding Justice Sutherland was brought by

Writers Convene ""Bishop's office that Bishop Lorenhis parents to Utah from his native

On B. Y. U. Campus zo M. Harris of the McCammon Ward England when he was eighteen months

old. attended Brigham Young He Stake, died (Idaho) the Portneuf of yet great past which a has may Utah University) Academy at Provo, (now for in bishop as served June. had He is It future. the to guide American a be

the University Utah, and of Michigan. his five writing years. about At this this ideal writers to to come up Utah make

true.... successor has not been appointed. He was a member of the Utah State

The grand adventure of Mormonism Constitution convention, and later needs to be told to relieve the world of Those Who Have Passed Away served two terms in the United States illusion. George C. Riser, ninetythree, second Senate. He was appointed to the SuCo said Dr. Harry A. Overstreet, one malefighterchildin thebornBlackin SaltHawkLake IndianCity, andwarIndiannear preme1922, beingCourttheby firstPresidentjustice Hardingof foreignin

principal at the sevof the speakers City, in in Salt died 1866, Sanpete Lake birth to 1794. since serve retired He of the annualenth League 27. "roundup"July 1 in the 938. from Court Brigham Young of pioneer ninetyseven, Jensen, Michael in the held of Writers, Joseph Utah University conferred the him upon honat fighter, died Indian 1856, veteran and Building Brigham on Memorial Smith of degree doctor orary laws, in of 1940. 27. Gunnison, Utah, July 11 University and campus JulyYoung received of degrees honorary He had sixtythree, a Bessie Hughes, Clawson 12. doctor of sister the from of laws of President MichiColumbia, Rudger Clawson

of the Council and a granddaughter Twelve gan, Universiand George WashingtonBishops, Presiding of at died 31, Brigham San Young, July ties lifetime. his duringElders, Appointed Francisco. judicial late the robe of The Supreme Stake, sixtyseven, St. Charles Bear Lake T. William Jr., Ward, Owen, Justice Court George Sutherland will be L. Burdette succeeds in Stake Transtrum former counselor the N. Panguitch James

to presented Brigham UniverYoung for years, Pugmire, nearly presidency and twenty

Otto Ward, Big Horn Stake, Delbert D. former state senator died July 30, in Pansity, his alma mater. Having understood

Jones succeeds Albert D. Wardell. guitch. that the university would like to have a

Kanesville Ward, Lake View Stake, Rolmemento of him, he expressed to Mrs.

lin P. Green succeeds John D. Pettersen. Ward, Branch Changes Sutherland some time before his death'

Stake, East Orange Ward, New York his desire to robe. offer the Mrs. SuthsucceedsOliver Wendell Veron Hyde offered erland it to has the university. Tho- 'T'heA Ward,nameofofthetheLongWestBeachComptonStake,mander.

Bay Ridge Branch, New York Stake, was changed on July 2, to the Compton Missionaries Released in June,

James R. Chamberlain succeeds Robert E. Center Ward. 1942, and Others Not Previously

Feinsuer. Rafael Independent Branch San The Reported Pittsburg Branch, Oakland transStake, J. H. of Francisco the San Stake was California: Ronald Edwin Allred, FairMellor. Francis succeeds Kirby

to the P. Charles Brizzee, Rex-; Northern California Misview, Wyoming; Stake, Panguitch Oral ferred Tropic Ward,

7. sion June {Continued on page 586) Pollock.J. succeedsChristensen Samuel

Twentyfifth Ward, Pioneer Stake, Edwin Owens succeeds Arthur A. Glaus.

Olympia Ward, Seattle Stake, Vincent

Flake succeeds L. Gifford. Denzel

Central Seattle Stake, "DESERET NEWS TROUBADOURS"MAKE HISTORY Ward, Tacoma

James N. Milligan succeeds Elvin E. Evans. By Harold H. Jenson

Whitewater Ward, Southern Arizona

Stake, W. L. Nelson succeeds L. I. Dill- M'[usictant haspartalwaysin anyplayedactivityan imporof the with"TNT"musicMalehasChorusbeen thewhichworkstandsof theforman.

Jackson Ward, Teton Stake, James M. Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday "The News Troubadours,"composed

Robertson succeeds Thornton R. RichardSaints but it is singular for newspaperentirely of men working for The Desson. men to form a male chorus. Saying it erer News. {Concluded on page 604)

Washington Ward, Washington Stake,

Harold G. Clark succeeds Edgar B. Brossard.

Vale Ward, Weiser Stake, Francis Nephi

Grigg succeeds George W. Palmer.

Nyssa Ward, Weiser Stake, Arval Lester Child succeeds Duwayne L. Anderson.

Stakes Receive New Presidencies President Wayland R. Wightman

and counselors George Albert Cheever and S. Roland Lindsay were

released from the Nebo Stake presidency June 21. George F. Christensen

was appointed president with Henry

G. Lundell and George I. Spencer as

counselors.

President Douglas M. Todd, Jr., and Personnel of "The Deseret News"Troubadours are: Front row, Charles E. Rose, Elwood D. Penrose, Adolph Locher,

counselors Gilbert R. Pulsipher and Don Priestley, conductor, Miss Bessie Murk, accompanist, Robert H. Pattillo, Donald G. Poulton and Bert Campbell;

Alexander H. Yeates were released secondRalph Rich,row, EarlHaroldGreen,McFarlane,Ralph H.HomerDavison,Duncan,and LeoKenYoung;Bourne,thirdpresident,row, BertFred0. M.Glass,Reese,WernerRaymondH. Rossberg,K. Williams,organist,H.

June 28, from the presidency of the Charles Q. Hunt, Harold Zink, David C. Carlson, J. Arthur Forslund, LeRoy DeKorver, Alfred C. Swift;

Denver Stake. Edward E. Drury, Jr., fourthGordon row,D. Priestley,C. L. Eddy,JamesWalterR C.Kennard,Brey, LeviFrankB. Winn,Thorup,andE. AlexWilliamMcMaster.Benson, GlenWilfordT. McMillan,Craven, assistantHarold H.conductor,Jenson,

was selected as stake president with Albert Mackintosh, and Conrad B. Harrison, vice president, were not present when the picture was taken.

fcdihfiiaL

"JhsL SihaiMjy* 0$- JhudtPC'Even so, our schooling from now on will be more disciplinary. The external equipment for learning

is into will again that has increasingly responsibility lessened. come an old word be The Theredaily implies often prominence which some for the course will devolve of study more and more

deception or artifice, but which does not on ourselves. We would be wise to investigate the

necessarily carry with it such implication. The curriculum and analyze ourselves"in relation to it.

word is "strategy."

qualities to character Certain of need and mind strategy the strategy of warfare, hear of the We testing. in of these reemphasized days Among all be the strategy of of achieving propaganda, and

manner of ends, often by deceptive means. But the first of these qualities must be a sense of balthe most effective strategy is the oldest strategy ance. Sometimes in critical situations, unwise perknown to man. It had no beginning and shall have sons feel that they may do anything that they "can

no end. Expressed in one of the coined phrases of get by with."Nothing could be farther from the

the day, it is "the strategy of truth,"and there truth. Rather, because serious times confront us,

we should consider more minutely and weigh more is no other strategy that can long withstand it.

accurately our every action. Faced with eternity,

The strategy of falsehood, so widely used in so we dare not quibble over temporal appetites or demany places, has one great -weakness, which always sires. The placing of first things first will solve

causes its downfall, and that fatal weakness is that many of what would otherwise prove discomforts.

every falsehood must continually be explained by other falsehoods. If any man or a group of men In keeping this sense of balance, we shall place

set about to establish one lie, they must quickly the right values on essentials. Family life will asmanufacture other lies to support it, and soon the sume new importance in this emphasis. As memwhole fabricated pattern becomes so complicated bers of family groups, we shall find renewed pleasthat discrepancies appear faster than explanations ure in those activities and pleasures wherein every

can be made, and the whole business falls with its member of the family can find joyous participation own weight. in a democratic way. As members of communities, we shall find neighborhood pleasures and satisTo the persistent question—"What can we believe?"there is only one answer: the only thing factions closer at home. In learning to enjoy people

that we can believe permanently is truth. For the nearby, we shall lay foundations which will ulsame reason that our generation cannot follow a timately bear fruit in wider neighborliness.

man who still proclaims that the world is flat, just so no enlightened generation of people can long Moreover, in keeping a sense of balance, we shall believe anything which does not check with all of feel the necessity of developing our minds through shall not fly the other known facts of the day and all of the other a study of worthwhile things. We

known laws and realities of the universe. to the movies as a way of escape; we shall choose

carefully those pictures which will give us a wholethe only error are believed by Falsehood and of view. those shall read only some point We will they, too, ultimately know misinformed, and life. offer will constructive which books of ways

the truth, and so any man or any generation that We shall discriminate in the type of radio program wants to protect itself against ultimate breakdown to which we and our families listen. In these ways,

must lay its plans upon the strategy of truth—all and many others which we discover for ourselves,

of which brings to mind the eloquent utterance we shall make ourselves more nearly worthy of from the Psalms: "Let the lying lips be put to having been created in the image of our Eternal

silence."Father.

There never was and never will be a man smart shall also maintain in our days of schooling enough to support any falsehood permanently, no We matter how well conceived his strategy nor how a saving sense of humor. This is not a brittle,

ably he brings other fabrications to its support. tinny humor, but the solid, deeptoned humor which

The strategy of truth is the only strategy that may makes us know that in spite of bad conditions which prevail, right will eventually win its true pobe trusted for ultimate results. R. L. E.

sition. Humor will give us an assurance that justice

will ultimately be established among the peoples of the earth.

T17ith school bells again summoning young folk Most important of all, in the days of our schoolwithin four walls, all of us begin to think seriing, we shall put down as the foremost of the lessons ously of the lessoning that we ourselves need during to be diligently studied and reviewed that there is the coming months. We are adjusting to situations an allwise Father who sorrows in the mistakes of

which last year seemed unthinkable. Restrictions His children and who labors endlessly that they

that a year ago would have been nonacceptable are may correct their errors and win for themselves now being borne. eternal salvation. M. C. /.

confines of the Restored Church of Christ. It

is the Lord's authoritative Church. Under suchEvidences and conditions the destiny of the Church is secure. The

those of other faiths, these seem daring claims,reconciliations LordTo is always victorious; so will His Church be.

but only such a faith gives courage and stability to the members of the Church. In the face of such

faith fear of the future vanishes, if we but seek earnestly to carry out the purposes of the Lord.

Scrinhu jcl P&adiarL (p&DpdsL? Third. The body of doctrine or beliefs of the

Church is a distinguishing difference. The Church

Tn looks, clothes, language, education, business is the custodian of the gospel of Jesus Christ—the

pursuits, and the ordinary social practices, Morfulness of it. A principle of truth here, another

mons are like other people. When the term "pethere, characterizes the Christian churches. The

culiar"is applied to us, reference is made to our true Church is not content unless it possesses the religiousbeliefs—mattersbeliefs, andwhichour arepracticeswhollybasedof auponpersonalthose allcompletethe principlestruth of ofthethegospel.plan ofItsalvation.claims to possessTherenature, but in which we differ from other Christian fore, it accepts principles rejected or ignored by

creeds and churches. many or all other churches.

These differences are vital, and cannot be denied. Note some of these beliefs foreign to most modern

They will make us a peculiar people until the world Christian churches: God is the Father of our spirits.

comes to a unity of faith. We do not flaunt our We lived with Him before we came on earth. Undifferences before our friends of other faiths. der His divine plan these preexistent spirits have

Neither do we try to hide them. We are proud of been clothed with bodies on earth. He watches

them, for they are founded in truth, and truth is our over His earthly children; and when occasion arises

dearest possession. We know, moreover, that if He may speak to His children through the Holy

our uniqueness were everywhere followed, peace Spirit, by messengers, or by His very voice. The

would again descend upon the earth. Church is guided by the Lord through continuous

The peculiarities of the Latterday Saints fall revelation. The God who spoke to His ancient

under five main heads: Church has the power to speak and does speak to

First. The Church claims without reservation His authorized servants today. Such old doctrines

that it was founded by direct revelation from God. are new to the churches of today.

The Father and the Son through personal appearThe doctrine of graded salvation, based upon ance to Joseph Smith initiated the work that led to our works; eternal progression in the hereafter;

the organization of the Church. By this appearance, and salvation for the dead by the vicarious service

God was shown to be in the form of a man who of the living are as an unknown language to the spoke with his own voice to the young Prophet, churches of today. That the body is a sacred house

and instructed him. In an age when most men of the spirit which must be kept free from all conbelieve that God is an ethereal essence, bodiless tamination or that the law of cause and effect is

and formless, who long since has ceased to speak operative in the spiritual world; or that the children

to man, this claim of the Church is really its foreof men are literally the children of God and that most peculiarity. This difference is emphasized therefore, mankind forms a real and genuine brothin the further claim that heavenly beings, men who erhood, does not seem to have dawned upon the

had lived on earth, had died, and then had been minds of today's religious thinkers. Yet these

resurrected, gave Joseph Smith further instrucand many other truths, belonging to the complete tion and guidance in the work he was called to gospel of Jesus Christ, are really age old. But

perform. This intimate connection between the since they have been rejected or forgotten, they

seen and the unseen world is in some respects make us who accept them seem different. In such

strange to the Christian world, and makes of us a a larger and more complete knowledge we rejoice.

peculiar people. Fourth. Even more peculiar to the thoughtless

Second. A most formidable difference lies in the crowds of the day, is the Mormon insistence that

claim that the Restored Church, patterned preusing truth is just as important as knowing truth;

cisely after the Primitive Church of Christ, is the that "faith without works is dead."Every act of

one official instrument through which the Lord life should be influenced and directed by the laws works out on earth His plan of salvation for the of the gospel. The purpose of the plan of salvation

children of men. The mission of the Church of should be the purpose, directly or indirectly, of

Christ is to establish the kingdom of God on earth. every human undertaking. Life under the gospel

To do this, the necessary power to perform with can not be placed on one side, and our daily tasks authority the ordinances of the kingdom is required. made independent of the gospel on another. The

This has been given the Church. The Holy Priestgospel must be lived daily. It must be lived sinhood has been bestowed upon it by the ancient cerely. Obedience to the Lord's law—whateverworthies who held it when the Church was unit may be—daily, steadily, always—is the true

defiled. Since apostacy from the Primitive Church measure of success.

has occurred, and all other Christian churches lack Certainly, many Christians try to obey the Lord's the authority of the Priesthood, all who desire to law, as they understand it. More do not. Hence,

enter the kingdom of God must come within the drunkenness, immorality, {Concluded on page 607)

CONDUCTED BY MARBA C. JOSEPHSON

WHY MEAT GREASES MUST BE SAVED of the lives to save sailors, andYouAmericanmay be ablesoldiers, marines—by simply saving the

kitchen greases that are usually wasted.

Right now, the average American family wastes enough grease in a week to supply the nitroglycerin for a shell that will stop an enemy tank.

Experts say that fourfifths of the fat content of mutton and lamb is now being lost. Threefifths of the fat of pork,

half the fat of beef and veal, onefourth of the fat of poultry are also wasted.

And we can't afford to waste these precious fats. They are too sorely needed.

cerin—andFor, fromfrommeatglycerinfats weis canmadegetnitrogly-

glycerin for the high explosives we and our allies must have.

Salvage experts agree that the quarter-pound to halfpound of animal fats that could be collected every week from each American family group would yield a net return from the whole nation of as much as a billion pounds a year. All this is now being

wasted. And we cannot afford to waste

even one ounce of it—not if we expect STRAINING FATS

to be considered real Americans. INTO CLEAN

Let's think of that possible recovery STORINGTIN FORIN of a billion pounds of animal fats that REFRIGERATOR.

would be wasted in ordinary years.

Let's put it in terms of the fighting equipment we must have in this time of again—national 'nationalperil. Sayperil"—andthose lastthewordsfigmustfree Americansave grease.way of life we love. We orfrigeratormore. Selluntilthisyougreasehavetoa yourfull poundneighures will take on new meaning. Every American housewife will acborhood butcher.

A pound of glycerin is made from ten cept it as her plain duty to follow the Your butcher, and many thousands pounds of the animal fats you save. simple rules that will help her country of other butchers will pass the collecWith this pound of glycerin the ammuwin a war it can't afford to lose. tions of greases to the refiners, who in

nition plants make nearly two and oneCollect the greases from cooked turn will send them to makers of amhalf pounds of nitroglycerin, that demeats and gravies and soups—every munition and other war essentials.

structive giant that can blast battleounce of it that is not actually eaten. The next time you are tempted to

ships from the ocean, tanks from the Pour these greases through a clothwaste an ounce of grease that belongs land and planes from the sky. Those covered sieve into spotlessly clean tin to our country remember that the comships and tanks and planes must be cans or other metal containers (not pass of every navy vessel floats in a

stopped or they will take from us the into glass jars) and store in your rebath of glycerin, that the recoil action

"CATCH!T"46A/N/

of every big gun, and the mechanisms that release deadly depth charges canglycer- without operate efficientlynot CUT RISING FOOD COSTS that this same glycerinin. Remember

is used to make explosives for the fighting men of all the United Nations. Remember all these things—and your WITH BORDEN'S PENNY BANQUETS

conscience won't let you waste an ounce of grease. WKATBFORyoOR m

13ohM] polvbr 'Payment for Handy Hints used will be publication. dollar Inone upon the event "S2&A submitted,that the two with same idea are

the one postmarked earlier will receive the dollar. of the ideas can None be returned, *msM%

will receive careful consideration.but each

When one of the children has a birthday you can make a circus parade around the cake or around the edge of the table. Dip

the feet of animal crackers into stiff frosting HERE'S YOUR ANSWER to rising To get your free folder: Send a

and stand on small sweet wafers. They food prices... BORDEN'S penny postcard with your name and

ascan also be used... the and address plus address name place cards.—Mrs. D. seasonal BANQUETS PENNY

D., City, Oklahoma. Oklahoma Borden's, grocer to: 50 N. your famof your that help you feed folders

Instead of each individual's putting sugar ily for 3<# a serving or less! Main Street, Salt Lake City. Beat

on his cereal for breakfast, try putting about rising food prices without scrimping lowcost menus FREE... 12 tested, less onethird ordinarily than sugar would

the pitcher dishes on meals! ofbe used, into milk for satisfying 12 recipes or cream...

stir to used, until dissolved. This be and Evaporated with Borden's made

will also there time are savemethod where the evaporated Milk. That's milk irBORDEN'S small family. children over, in the Any left

sunshine Vitamin radiated with sweetened MILK D, EVAPORATED fullbodied cakes, flavor. And full of rich, etc.—Mrs.milk mayW. A.be MusedThatcher,in puddings,Ari- D IRRADIATED WITH VITAMIN zona. Westernmade.

Co. Borden

A n extra $5.00! Who wouldn't want it?

** See details, right hand column, p. 581,

and get busy!

m Sampler from the Past

(Concluded [com page 569) tendant problems brought out this sampler. 6*7%>*uz*'HONEY HERMITS

It had been willed this cousin by elderly an long not aunt since who are pastries "sugarless"asking about it passed had and away had interested in this thrifty recipe winbeen SO MANYyou'llwomenbe today—in for her possession years, many ner! You don't need a speck of sugar and only one egg to carefully but preserved seen. seldom

So far, it seems to be the only link by make these golden Honey Hermit cookies, suggested by which we can further trace this parMrs. J. G. Thomas of Sacramento. Follow her tip and

ticular branch of the family. use Globe "Al"Flour for best results, and an extra saving.

A valuable clue came to light in the name of the mother. Until this

sampler revealed the name as Jemima it was thought to have been HONEY HERMITS

Jerusha. The correct name of the 1 % c. GLOBE "Al"FLOUR 1 egg

mother with the birth dates of all the Yt tsp. soda </] c. honey

children is indeed a find. Vi 'spsalt V* c. melted shortening

raisins tsp. cinnamon seeded Vj Vi < chopped I Samplers are not too rare a thing

nuts tsp. nutmeg chopped Vi c- Vi in themselves. those carthem, Of

salt, H Sift flour, cinnasoda, measure, add rying a tree genealogical or the fam- H light, Beat and nutmeg. egg until mon ily of the seamstress are unmore nuts. raisins shortening, honey, add and

usual. Add dry mixture, mixing thoroughly.

Who can say why this mother B Drop by teaspoon 'on greased cookie and daughter recorded family vital 1 sheet. Bake in moderately hot oven (375

records on this sampler which, so far 8 deg.) about 10 min.

as is now known, is the only link which connects the present with the past? Say "GLOBE Al"and save the difference!

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1942

2/s cup cold water J5 cup vinegar Drain oil from tuna fish and flake. Add itooks'CofSer chopped drained vegetables and salt. Thoroughly dissolve lime gelatin in one cup of

By Josephine B, Nichols boilingCool untilwater,mixtureadd coldbeginswaterto congeal,and vinegar.then

Whole vegetable mixture. Wheat Caramel Cocoanut Cake add fish and into Pour

individual until firm.JunkK 32 cup shortening molds and chill Unlettuce leaf 1 cup sugar mold brown on and garnish with toyolks egg dressing. mato wedges mayonnaise and is no longer 2

]/2 teaspoon salt 1 tablespoon vanilla Peanut Butter Cookies \>2 teaspoon soda l/2 cup shortening rationed 2 teaspoon baking powder 134 cup honey

The interruption of Par Soap pro- 2 cups whole wheat flour Yl cup peanut butter duction caused by a fire which 11 cuptablespoonmilk lemon juice added to milk 3j/21 cupsegg cake flour visited the plant last May, is now 2 egg whites 1 teaspoon soda grocer, of the past. Your thing a shortening, vanilla. Combine Combine salt, and Add

get this you. again can and until gradually, light fasugar and cream and mix well. Addfat, honey,beaten andegg andpeanutmixbutter,thorvorite granulated soap, and with fluffy. Add beaten egg yolks, and mix oughly. Sift flour with baking powder, add

itthoroughly, sift flour, baking powder, and to first mixture, blending well. Pinch off

soda together. Add small amount of flour small ball of dough and place on greased

until after addition each smooth. moderately slow oven (325 F.) ten to fifPottery beatingto creamed mixture, alternately with milk, baking sheet, flatten with fork. Bake in

until teen minutes. whites fold carefully Beat egg stiff and

until into mixture well batter blended. Pour in the new ivory hue into eightinch greased two well layer pans. Frankfurter Macaroni Loaf

Bake 350 F. for fortyfive minutes. 1 cups macaroni

cups grated American cheese the is out "for Colored pottery While still warm spread with the follow22 eggs frosting. ing glaze colored because duration,"1 cup milk

oxide. of tin The the use requires salt 2 teaspoons

Caramel Cocoanut Frosting large 6 frankfurters is genuine pottery Ivory new cup sugar brown the in pottery, same Parma macaroni in boiling Cook salted water cup cream fa- x/i1 for twenty minutes. design, miliar, harmonizpleasing Drain and combine 1 cocoanut cup

ing perfectly with any or all col- 2 tablespoons butter with cheese, milk, beaten eggs and salt.

ors. Again... ask your grocer Boil sugar and cream to soft ball stage, loafPut apan.layerLayin thehalfbottomof the offrankfurterswell butteredon

for Par add butter, stir until thick enough to spread, top lengthwise of pan. Add another layer

put on cake, sprinkle with cocoanut, place of macaroni mixture, then rest of frankunder broiler until golden brown. furters, topping with rest of macaroni. Bake

Sift flour with baking powder and salt. in (350 F.) oven for one hour or until

Cut in fat until mixture is as fine as corn solid.

meal. Combine beaten egg and peach syrup Turn out onto platter and garnish with

and add to flour mixture, mixing until a soft tomato wedges and slices of cucumbers.

dough is formed. Spread dough over

peaches. Bake in hot oven (425 F.) twenPeach Cobbler

tyfive minutes. Serve with cream. \ x/i cups sliced peaches

34 cup sugar Luncheon Salad 1 tablespoon lemon juice 2 7-ounce cans tuna fish 1Y2 cups sifted flour 1 cup diced cucumber 2 teaspoons baking powder 1 cup chopped celery 34 teaspoon salt }/2 cup chopped green pepper 2 tablespoons shortening 2 tablespoons grated onion 1 egg 32 teaspoon salt Place peaches in a buttered eightinch 1 package lime flavored gelatin baking dish. Sprinkle with sugar and lemon

1 cup boiling water juice.

On the Book Rack EASYFIGHTINGTO BUILDPLANESMODELSOF THEOF (Continued from page 571 UNITED NATIONS prison. Pray do not speak so plainly: (Doubleday, Doran, New York.

IN USE For OVER FIFTY YEARS surely you can also say all that in a more 1942. 27 pages.)

its pieces plane pushout

isAids in treatment of Canker, simple obscureare not fashion.'allowed toBrothersput ourandlightsisters,underwea 'T'his* whichbookcanwithbe assembled an invalusore throat and other minor mouth bushel: if we do so, we are disobedient; able book to have when children are well,

from commission our received it have for and think the harried we what can doand throat irritations. but world.... light of the is the mother her children are who forced to reHim when

"'He that findeth his life shall lose it: and main in bed with a cold. Sixteen models

for sake his life loseth that inshall should to my absorbed assure be enough again thus onceHall's Canker Remedy hefind speak I must it.'... the child part of terest on old enough any

536 East 2nd So.—at Salt Lake City, Utah today, for perhaps I shall no longer be able to assemble the pieces, which are clearly

to do so next Sunday: I have to tell you marked. M. C. /.

I can, plainly as that as again once today SPRINGS INNER Sunday for next may what knows who (Frances Illustrated. Lester Warner. in the Service an is your it boy to speak. Send forth? our duty bring But HoughtonMifflin Boston. Company,

with to there are speak those as long As 1942. $2.00.) pages. 189 IMPROVEMENT in the of face death of this courage, kind

the that introduce us to books "pRiENDLY subscription will dead a be never or worse—freedom ERA *- life security family happiness of and are in issue where even men any 12 issues—$2.00 land—not

held in slavery for the moment. R. L. E. (Concluded on page 602)

NEW YORK—CRADLE OF MORMONISM IDEAS

( Continued from page 567 William May, also a contemporary of From My Kitchen to Yours!

original the Collington, to point out you PRESERVES JOIN "RESERVES"THE

Island, from Hempstead, Long And mill, location carding of the the Knight Saving butter? sugar on and Tea Garden of wife Soper Pratt, Phoebe came their pictures. permit take and to you Jellies Preserves can help and you in many

Parley P. Pratt. The Sopers, who came You also see the Colesville burying ways. For sandwiches. Crepe suzettes.

to Long Island not long after the Pilground, with the old graves of Coles, Topping for puddings. With creamed cotgrims landed at Plymouth, have been Bennetts, Knoxes, Martins, Marshes, tage cheese for dessert. Tea Garden Prestalwarts in the Oceanside, Long Island, and others. Too, there's an old house serves and Jellies are made from selected

branch for a century. Walter and Gorstill standing which was originally used table fruits—just like real homemade.

don, the sons of the late "Uncle"Henry as a meeting place. Idea! Strawberry Preserves Omelette,

Soper, are carrying on the tradition of The Susquehanna runs through Grandfor Breakfast!

their forefathers. The Pratts are still a Windsor, as stated before, the birthfamous and a leading family in New place of President J. M. Grant, New "CHERRYWRESTLING"IS OUT!

in Steuben Prattsburg York. There's border, thence to Tea Garden's cherry widemouth new York—Pennsylvania

Prattsville County, in Greene County, In bottle permits as spear cherries Harmony). you to Oakland (formerly

and Pratts Hollow in Madison County. Oakland still lives the Van Antwerp quick as you can say: "Tea Garden."Tea

The "King Sisters,"nationally known family, the descendants of Isaac Hales Garden Cherries are simmered 8 days in big, syrup. maraschino They're stars, R. nieces of radio and Howard living. luscious is sister. of the Hales None crisp, flavor juicy. exquisite And their greatgranddaughters the are Driggs, L. of E. Antwerp Van widow The is tops. j

It's of Pratt. quarter of P. a Parley Smith's second was (who Emma

an hour by subway from where Parley cousin) receives you courteously and For Festive Iced Drinks preached to where his greatgrand- tells you about her late husband, who Freeze Tea Garden Cherries in Ice Cubes daughters formerly sang with Horace in 1936 gave a picture of Isaac Hale

Heidt. to the Church. In the cemetery is a "DESSERTLESS"SUPPER!

But there are too many of the early pathetic little stone, dated 1829, markCreamed chicken or chipped beef or ham,

N. Y. members to tell of here. Huning the grave of Joseph's and Emma's and waffles.A grand combination. Deluge

dreds of them, young and old, male and first infant son. The wording on the the waffles with superbtasting Tea Garfemale, strong and weak, even as you stone is unusually clear, but you can't den Drips to supply the sweets needed to

and I.* help thinking that this little stone has top off the meal. And Tea Garden Drips,

a syrup sugblend flavored of delicately elefacing the bravely here remained ars also to breakfast pleasure add extra rolls over 1938 Ford Utah's"Drother Kirtland, trek to the during ments the hotcakes.** of Washington the huge Nauthe building George Missouri, flight to

Bridge at 177th Street, and up II. S. voo, the martyrdom of Joseph, and ENTERTAINING WITHOUT A MAID

to Limit 12: Set table a have and fifteen bemiles west. to the theHighway exodus 17. Some even

fruit juice drink already icy in cold thriving in you'refore some fifteen Binghampton of Northeast Windsor the refrigerator. friend Appoint one to

little South called (until of birthplace Jedediah 1875 Windsor, miles is Afton If pour. rehave automatic you an

M. Grant. This is Broome County. Bainbridge) in Chenango County. frigerator, freeze cubes of grape juice

(Remember the saying in the 128th Here it was in 1827 that Joseph brought or ginger ale to drop into the fruit

Section of the Doctrine and Covenants Emma Hale from Harmony to be united juice at the last minute. They are atthat the voices of Peter, James, and in marriage to her by Squire Tarbill. tractive to view, and as they melt add

John were heard on the Susquehanna William Carr, the present seventyfive- a delicious new flavor to the drink.

between Harmony and Colesville, yearold village clerk, tells you about TEA GARDEN

Broome County! ) County Clerk Flook the house in which the marriage ocASSORTED JELLY SANDWICHES

has old maps and deeds showing old curred. The New York department of Tiny, cleverly shaped sandwiches made with

Colesville was about three miles north education has erected an appropriate cottage cheese and Tea Garden assorted jellies.

of Onaquaga. David H. Burr's Atlas marker in front. Mr. Carr tells you Note: The above is an idea from Tea Garden's

entitled without booklet "Entertaining the 20page of Tarbill, descendant in Stone andpublished 1839 by Clark that Zene copy. for your a maid."Write me four reference following only three or the died hasof Ithaca, Squire, original

for the year 1829: years ago.

Colesville, acres 42,694; population And it was up to South Bainbridge WHAT'S YOUR IDEA?

after the mirtook Joseph the that mob grist mills 3; fulling mills 22;2,230; saw of serving Perhaps have a novel you way claiming Knight, Newell acle over 2. mills 4; 2;mills carding tanneries delicacies. If the Improvement Garden JoTea

inColesville putting guilty of seph it sufficiently was editor judges Era food new is no Colesville now But there justhis Bainbridge different for column, the uproar. send and But an we will Colesville North to andthough West for a merchandise $5.00 redeemyou order Colesville to back sent tice Joseph still the preserveColesville name. at grocer. Mail able your Garden Tea the released. trial, One of he was and

of history Smith's idea P. of your address Tea with Broome and H. name before Joseph men who defended two '85, grocer Garden Garden to me, c/o Tea that in written saysCounty, JoJohn a Mr. justice was Bainbridge Products, San Francisco. little of the east Knight's a farmseph was Little did John Reid, a nonmember.

that a Knight hadNinevah, Mr. and youththe defended he as realize Reid

Village. mill H. Centercarding above son, Amos his that ful own Joseph, HOSTESS TEA GARDEN YOUR facetiously to refers JosephP. Smith be later would century half a Reid,

the misparticularly toSmith and the of president the appointed by PRESERVES Colof pranks one Georgechievous JELLIES acting secretary and States as United lington, the of youth community a who in people the over Mormon governor JUICE GRAPE SYRUPS the tricks to on playing addictedwas GARDEN here one no But of Utah. territory the

QUALITY. old MARASCHINO the CHERRIES though Reids, the knows of chart elaborate many and map *An family. Knight the remember timers prefamilies has beenother York New FRUITS BRANDIED PICKLED SWEET AND folkdistorted It's surprising what the in deposited the authorpared and by

Church Historian's office in Salt Lake City. lore exists here about Joseph and the

youthful prophet. You are successful Mormons after a hundred years. ElSUCH A BIG DIFFERENCE IN QUALITY...

Fisher of Mrs. and derlyin Henry the present Young locating George CollingSUCH A LITTLE DIFFERENCE IN PRICE! tell statements of the Ninevehton, you of the original, and he grandson

with Alfred Fowler, the grandson of (Continued on page 582).

NEW YORK—CRADLE OF MORMONISM

(Continued from page 581) Susquehanna. At Owego you turn on

made by William Johnson, who was a Route 2, passing by Berkshire, where boy here, when Joseph dwelt in these was born J. N. Goodale, later of Ogden.

parts. They point out "Bible"Hill and Then on to Ithaca (high above Caassure you that the plates were taken yuga's waters), home of Cornell Unifrom that hill. Even an official marker versity at the base of the Finger Lakes

erected by the New York department where many Utahns have attended colof education on highway 41 in 1932, lege. From Ithaca came John Seamon,

little settled Cornell Utah. at Morgan, Creek, says who Today that JoFinger That's Why sephnear claimed region Lakes of the is a vacation to have dug up Book

Jelly Makers Mormon plates half a mile up the creek land for New Yorkers. The lakes,—\y2 miles from Afton (South Bain- ( look at them on the map ), of course, by the Thousands bridge ) get their name because they resemble

fingers of an outstretched hand Little in this section is the the Sanford are Switching to Seneca being the largest. and Cayuga of the ancestor Nelson Whipple, home

this In Seneca Lake. lake was ber in Lehi, back them a around and you takeM.C.P.TWeW of the Whipples of Utah. You rememMuch of early Church history centers in held the of second baptisms group picture of Sanford under snow- a light

fall. the Church. In June, 1829, Hyrum PECTIN One thing that definitely impresses Smith and David Whitmer were bapMaking jam and jelly the oldfash- you after visiting with the Van Anttized here by Joseph, and John Whitmer

ioned way is extravagant, because werps, the Collingstons, the Fowlers, was baptized by Oliver Cowdery. On

you "boil away"so much of your fruit the Carrs, the Pines, the Youngs, and Route 2, after a rest at Ithaca, you or juice that you get fewer glasses. others of the present generation in Harcome to Ovid, birthplace of early memThe M. C. P. PECTIN method, mony, Windsor, Sanford, and South bers, Zebedee Coltrin and Samuel K. however, produces enough Gifford of Springville, Utah. Some is extra Bainbridge, that their the of day to of glasses cost the sugar. pay your thirty miles Ithaca north come you tell glory sadly is departed. you They P. the Furthermore, C. M. PECTIN little station service Fayette. man Aof their virility of mills great of and a to results, assures perfect method you directs house, to the you Whitmer talkcentury ago, are but as they even saves time you

It organized. the Church where was ing can't thinking help proof the you work, and and

preserves the gress of their erstwhile neighbors who doesn't take long to reach the classic the six pillared brethren house where fruit natural Smiths, the Grants, went and to Utah—the the under met to organize the Church all flavor in berry the the Youngs, Wells, the Whipples,

jams and jellies. and many others. laws of New York. It's a clear, late,

autumn morning, and you fancy you

is can almost his eyes keeping 17. dwelt S.AT ALL GOOD GROCERS "Drotherstraight Utahahead smooth U. on here then—thevisualize twentyfourthe people yearwho

There's a light early snow on the old Prophet, Emma, Hyrum, Oliver ground, and the smell of the earth is Cowdery, and the Whitmers, most of

A SUPERB HOTEL crispthe Susquehannaand sweet. RiverBroomeaveragesCounty 100on themFourteenyoungfull andyearsbravelywere tofacingelapse life.bedays of snowfall out of 365. fore the martyrdom at Carthage. On

live the people farms the nearby who this could country be "Never knew i i JrtrfT'Wfff—-—*—-""tl*—*F'1830. of are of those the descendants like this,"150 admits. 'Only Utah r'

. 'little difference years makes hundred Mlip':'; for A from. 1 Yi'n'TjB?V"i * iH*ft York, and except New: miles hills rolling valleys of the in Senand i it's the concrete, *::n'iii(J-: automobiles roads and

the same as a hundred years ago. Yeleca County. Oliver Cowdery's wife,

Fayette of the a Whitmers, one was L*::i::ai'hasn't the lowstone a thing River on 1. '"'JK:'to there's contemBut too much the girl. seeing Susquehanna. it from And 1? leave plate. must All soon too you V*;. it hills. -itC'Cii. rolling brings County, of Broome

,*,,. "*m*m*fi It's for about Manchester. Fayette old memories."t * back U*>f5 You'd like to stay here longer and thirty miles—roughly the distance from

look up old records and newspaper acSalt Lake to American Fork. ManIN SAN FRANCISCO counts of the early days, and interview chester is like the other small New

the whole third and fourth generation York villages. Some of the houses and

Convenient to business, social, of those Broome County inhabitants churches are over a hundred years old.

shopping and theatres. Single who wanted no part of Mormonism. Breakfast at the little restaurant tastes

from $4 * Double from $6 Butcontinuetime onjustto won'tBinghampton.permit, and you thegood,famousand Porteras you Rockwelleat, youwhothinkcameof

Suites from $10 A generally At Binghampton you eat supper at from here. You mention that it seems

lower scale of rates fos long Community Restaurant, famous all over odd a frontiersman like Porter Rockwell should come from this drowsy little of the present York. Some memNew term occupancy

place. in to bers City York who like New

reach Kirtland, Ohio, (on the outskirts "No more odd than David Whitmer of Cleveland ) by auto in one day, leave from Fayette dying down at Richmond, the City about three a. m., breakfast in Missouri, or Sidney Rigdon spending

Binghampton, and eat supper at Kirthis last days in melancholy at Friendland. And in a plane it would be only ship, N. Y.,"says Brother Utah.

a couple of hours! Rather different The Manchester village clerk says no

traveling from the way the Colesville one now knows any Rockwells hereSaints went to Kirtland over a hundred abouts.

HOTEL yearsBy ago.the time supper is over at Bing- "Defore resuming the trip to Palmyra

Edmond A. Rieder hampton, the moon is shining on the on Route 21, you glance at Route

General Manager If you'd like some NEW YORK—CRADLE OF MORMONISM

2 on the map, seven miles back to though a number of its pioneer progood oldfashioned

Clifton Springs, the home of E. W. fessors withdrew or were expelled

of in of them ever from the born no one ChurchVanderhoef, 1825, a man the homemade soup its In doctrines attainments. or denounced a attackedhigh education and

written work, Vanderhoef says he was fraud."

reared amid all the hubbub and conSo much for Vanderhoef of Clifton for dinner tonight troversies that raged around the early Springs, who lived less than ten miles

L. D. S. Church in this vicinity. He from Cumorah. get some

was extremely cynical about the Says Brother Utah, "He sounds like to Smiths. and theChurch He refers the ageold echo,"'Is this not the carciti- one by prominenttwo affidavits, son?'penter's

other by Manchester,zens of and the general old surveyor The of New RANCHO shiftattesting to the of Palmyra,those Lemprieres'of carried a copy York family, and Smithlessness of the whole surveyed as he classical dictionary and lawyer NOODLEparticularly any But Joseph. SOUP as such names locations he gave them

it is for prominent a simpleknows how At Homer. and Utica, Pompey, Rome, signatures obtain to committee orman he Trail of the Genesee crossroads the

pre- a people on wellmeaningof even classical the left Palmyra, the name mix leading declaration. parte expared A II of for ancient Tadmor designation

it to brings John the community ofman the fertile lands of Chronicles. The

its K. Citizen, and John says O.Q. the people as such attracted Genesee

is that sign. is likely to why AndQ. the Kimballs the and Youngs, Smiths,

affiwill receive such not courta or, as England, hardbitten from New declarants the evidencedavit when it, England puts commentator one New fire of the through been not puthave 19th early and century 18th late the of the soup new Manchester RANCHOcrossexamination. The northern to transplanted New was denounce Palmyraand to Smith thus Joseph came York. And envelope in an excepting Smiththe whole declarationsfamily—not of hour's walk within an reared be of couple turn a overAlvin. You Cumorah. learn with and in Vanderhoef,pages

amazement that Vanderhoef himself, T Tistorians say two great events ocYour neighborhood grocer now has the of rest the condemningwhile * as as well Rancho Noodle Mix Onion in 1825. One in York curred 7 New of Alvin his approval expressesSmiths, Mix, Vegetable and Mushroom the Mix, visit, the other and Lafayette's was

if died not Alvin had saysSmith, and if it Mix. see tonight Try some and openCanal, Erie the of completion

influence with hisin manhood, young isn't the tasting most soup homemade east. was Palmyra the to the ing west

the prevented Book have wouldJoseph tasted. ever you've Canal. Erie the on

light of the reaching fromof Mormon is outside farm Harris Martin The in omnibus! in uno, falsus Falsusday.

is that It said when of Palmyra. law, and is the of common a maxim PACKED first for it the to pay mortgaged estimate of Martin spontaneous UNDER CONTINUOUSVanderhoef's

his of Mormon, printing of the Book INSPECTION OF THE allout condemthe contradictsAlvin

AGRICULTURAL wifely her to encumber refused wife Incidentally, others. of thenation MARKETING SERVICE off her partitioned they so dower, of residents that old says 0FTHEU.S.DEPT.0FVanderhoef

splenin dwelt she acres where eighty AGRICULTURE recognize will or PalmyraManchester '*3222S the high standing and repute of the did isolation.

signers of the declarations. The names But enough of these old wives'tales.

of some of these families still appear in You wish you had time to "do"this ''? **

the local 1940 telephone directories. whole section as you did the Colesville,

The Sextons and Hurlbuts are in the but that will have to wait. It is still

Palmyra directory; the Durfees are in early morning, with the tiniest feather

Newark, the Beckwiths in Newark and of frost in the air, as the car pulls up

Sodus, and the Butts in Lyons and on Highway 21 alongside Cumorah. Have you tried the

Sodus. Of course the declarations of Next is the Sacred Grove. Time

people by these names a hundred won't permit you to meditate as you'd new, richer years ago in no way reflects on the inlike to on the events which took place tegrity of living residents of the same here, so you plan on saving that for name. another time.

2, get and Route you Manchester Via in a report on pounced RANCHO Vanderhoef Kimball C. Heber Victor, to where go 1888, 25, Feb. of chickeh Guinea soup Times the York New to Then Vilate MenMurray. married death, Whitmer's David announcing Heber and Brigham dwelt don, where teshis renounced stated he had which in 1832. baptized they were when the letter to Vanderhoef's timony.

postmaster at Richmond, Missouri, askAll at once you find yourself looking ing for particulars brought a posthaste at Brother Utah. He has been silent

reply that Whitmer had never denied a long while. He's done all the driving

his testimony. Forgood measure the while you've just sat, and you know he

postmaster, Dr. S. T. Bassett, made a must be tired. But his eyes are

toward 332 straight on ahead Oliver regarding similar comment CanMmm, Nimm, it's good of Seneca Lake. at the head andiagua Richlived at Cowdery, who also had

Chicken soup, like all Rancho Gumbo man, get, not Brother a wiser but madder holiday New we mond. "Next A pea, vegetable, tomato, chicken

if the say do he, of you "what says, says then York,""One Vanderhoef soups—noodle, is priced asparagus, and amazits from the Susquehanna follow features strange of the we strangest many ingly low.

of Mormon history is the fact that [Concluded on page 584)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1942

New YorkCradle Of Iflu doctor Mormonism recommended it for HQUltil... (Concluded from page 583) source in upstate New York down to out cJ- m finding a new thrill m Chesapeake Bay?"

the Finer Flavor of ment,Youbuttryit toonlysquelchbringsyoura secondastonishrate

continues Brother maybe,""Or eyes still glued mil HOMOGENIZED attemptUtah, at a cough. could on 337, "we

take the swing around New England

MILK"to visit Joseph Smith's, Brigham

Young's, and Wilford Woodruff's

Yes, thousands are finding health, unbirthplaces."

this finer flavor in quality surpassed and so that you've you more And know.. in "there's milk delicious cream than accomplished purpose. your

for drop."every HomogenAsk. Arden Brother that Utah knows now New.. at ized grocers Milk... by name

is the cradle of. York Mormonism. to direct doorstep. or your

Oat".me Conflict ARDEN SUPREZE (Continued from page 559) of a nuisance than a help in the CREAMERIES more kitchen anyway.

Although he was holding the paper before his eyes, Jim was not reading. Tonight he would tell Jane

that he wanted her to stop smoking. Extra Food Value in It made him feel shaky. The smell

of tobacco smoke in the room kept reminding him of his unpleasant School Lunch Sandwiches task. It kept reminding him that tonight might be his last here in this

School boys and girls need good energybuilding food to room.

give them strength and vitality for classroom and playground How would he go about it? The

activities. Royal Enriched Bread is such a food. Its added sound of the swinging door between

the kitchen and the living room broke vitamins and iron give it extra nutritive value. his ponderings. He looked up. Jane

was coming toward him, dressed in a quaint, brightly patterned house

Jim? You enjoy \Wh\ lookdress.as though"Why youso glum,didn't FINE dinner."my

BreaD Jim smiled. "As my future wife

I think you'll do very well, and as my

ROYAL BAKING COMPANY sweetheart tonight, you're perfect,"

Salt Lake and Ogden he replied with more enthusiasm 100% Homeowned—100% American at Your Grocer's than he sincerely felt.

Jane sat down on the little footstool at his feet, placed her elbows on her knees, cupped her chin in her hands and looking at Jim said in a oniR he COMPLETE A SERVICE S/ri c/ne voice"Jim, thatwhenmadedo youhim thinkwincewe'llinwardly,have ENGRAVING

From Missionary Portraits to the Largest enough money to get married?"Catalogues

Mail Orders Given Prompt Attention ospel I let Looking at his hands, Jim did not

UTAH ENGRAVING CO. reply immediately, and then reach113 Regent St. Salt Lake City, Utah By Dr. John A. Widtsoe ing out and clasping both her hands

in his, he looked at her and began.

to going I'm something say "Jane, it I to I'm going ask you somemean LOS ANGELES

I you'll thing, well, and, hope

See coupon inside it right and see me through it."takeHe ALEXANDRIA front cover paused, because his voice felt tight,

HATES: fROMntOM 13.5013. oouslS9INOLJ and his breathing seemed irregular.

Recognized Utah Headquarters in Jane stopped twisting the ring on his

Los Angeles V. SMITH, Managing CLAYTON Director An "Era"Publication, $1.25 finger,tioning andtone,thenher invoicea hushed,came toqueshim.

of Salt Formerly Lake City "Yes, Jim, what is it?"

CONFLICT ufltl'CIOt, "Well, Jane, I don't know exactly vince her. What could he say that

where to begin, but I guess the long he hadn't already said.

and short of it is that—well, I want "Jane, I'm afraid there can be no

you to stop this smoking habit."compromise here. Please try, just

Jane straightened up. She pulled try to see if you can do it."

one hand away from Jim's. Surprise She looked at him for a silent moshowed on her face. ment from across the room. She

if she wanted confused, as seemed himself. with angry was Jim Why something or do to say something off in that the thing started hehad there that realized time the but all blunt, toofashion? been had He this solutions to really but two built have abrupt;too should he up were

to it a little more. problem.

and of the room out went She to beginning form were Words coat and hat. Jim's with back in came to face. stop hastenedJane's Jim

them. "You see, Jane, I got to think- "Here, Jim, I think you'd bettering about our marriage, and I naturgo."To Jim she seemed to be talkAPLEIN

ally thought of children we might ing very quietly, very calmly, as have. And it was while I was thinkthough she were steeling herself for

ing of the children that I thought of something. As she opened the door FOR FREEZER OR REFRIGERATOR

our smoking. for him, she spoke again. 1 cup cream, whipped Vi cup dates

1 12 Mapleine teaspoon marshmallows this over. "I'll think Take to have fashioned old I'm "Well, maybe Mapleine,shreddeddates cream,add Whip the engagethis ring,"she removed

it all that, struck but suddenly insmall in pieces.and marshmallows Freeze and her, given ring he had ment into freezer. tray or "and refrigerator pour Pack couldn't parents that good beme we awhile. for to try don't see Maystiff until stirring. without in ice, me freeze smoke.and when Somehow,

I'll dinner to invite some over you I be before our about smokingthought BMBBMBIi evening—again."it it children, wrong;those seemed

frosty this desgrand he as MAKE him smothered Anguish as be thoughseemed we wouldn't doesn't take sert—it of sugar! a speck street. He down the his way made to them.doing our duty Maybe this threewith perks Mapleine up foods

is crossing the bridge before we get had lost Jane. Why had he been fold magic. Perfect flavor for desserts!

all Delicious dishes! zest for main this, anyway? about so stubborn New nevertheless,to it, but we must consyrup! quick, flavor for Get economical things accepted hadn't he just Why future."sider the grocer. ofMapleine from your a bottle

Jane sat quietly, looking very as they were? But Jim knew.

earnestly at Jim as he spoke. Her One hope remained. Maybe she'd

eyes were open a little wider than invite him over to dinner again somenormal, and her hands were lying time. As he walked home he began IMITATION MAPLE FLAVOR

limply in her lap. Jim went on, lookto understand her last statement. If

ing first at Jane and then at his he ever received this invitation, he hands. knew that her battle, too, had been

felt "I to ask no right you won. I had His life became an ache of waitIf It's Glade's It's Good"untilto I supstop done so. I had

pose you've noticed that I haven't ing. Days merged into each other.

been taking them lately. Well, Jane, Weeks rolled by. To Jim, every-

I've stopped. It was tough sledding thing seemed dull, meaningless roufor awhile, but I feel free of it now, tine. He thought of Jane constantly.

and I want you to do the same. Then came the answer to his

telethe voice on I "I love you, want and Jane, to prayers—Jane's

it in seemed a sob phone. Almost else anything than moremarry you like a fried said, you she "How'd thisin so world. the you do Won't tonight, dinner chicken Jim?"

all will notthat planned we've be destroyed?"Snatching his hat and his coat,

more important to he The gone. what Gone was Jim choose between want "You me to the occasion the free future happy to be a was it?"is cigarets, that Her knew andyou More Appropriate habit. enslaving an from tone. cuttingvoice a sharp, had

"No, it isn't that, Jane. I merely

want to work this thing out with THE PRIZE you."By Jack Richards

Turning her back to him, she A Young Writer walked slowly across the room, and then turned suddenly. This time hold the greatest prize on earth

within eager I Each dawn mythere a halfpleading, was birth, rosetinted day, with new halfde- A hands, DELICIOUS her.fiant look about to creature commands; bowed my A

soft like of clay so a piece Much "But, Jim, lots of women smoke CANDIES

I as choose, I might model Thattoday."dealer can supply you aloft Your favorite finished then hang when And

Jim looked away. He had to conTo brag about or make excuse.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1942

THE CHURCH MOVES ON {Concluded from page 575) Jones, Salt Lake City; Lawrence W. Naywell, Marriott, Utah; James Dewain Leburg, Idaho; James Lawrence Bruce, Smoot, lor, Salt Lake City; Theodore John NeeFevre, Panguitch, Utah; Irene Sue MorWyoming; Anna Adriana Dalebout, Ogden; rings, Salt Lake City; W. Richard Nelson, rison, Santa Ana, California.

Martin Dalebout, Ogden; William B. DanOgden; Norton Dean Nixon, Salt Lake

iels, Annabella, Utah; Charles E. Hogge, City; Richard H. Stoddard, LeGrande, Excommunications

Russell Tittensor, Redford, Jack Ellen Elaine Oregon;Ogden; Ogden; Hogge, Adams T/'athrine Unfried Dec. Jones, born Wyoming. Perkins, Salt City; Lake Gordon Webb, Ray

28, 1884; excommunicated May Utah;Richmond, D. Lyle Ogden; Wynn, Bird, City; Montell Canadian: Salt Lake

Pauline Murray, Kemmerer, Wyoming. Samuel C. Chandler, Idaho Falls, Idaho; 17, 1942, in Elysian Park Ward, San

Central States: Eldon A. Garner, RayVictor K. Cummings, Salt Lake City; SidFernando Stake.

Alberta, S. Knight,mond, Canada; LaDon California; ney Beach, DeWitt, James Long Catherine Collinwood, Lucy excomJara, Alder, Karl Griffith Preston, Colorado Hill, F. Kaysville, Lester Utah; Rex Roy 16, April in the municated 1942, HawAri- Idaho; Mesa, James 1;Ernest Johnson, Alberta, Taber, Holman, Canada; Odes L. thorne Stake. Granite Ward,zona. Salt Record, City; Smith, Lake Osborne N.

East Central States: Alta Gardner, Alton, Duncan, Arizona. Lorenzo Rangel, excommunicated

Spillman Grace, in Hogan, theWyoming; 1941, Piedras 30, October NeWawn Central States: S. PresDrury, Vaughn Pearce, Idaho; California; Thora Lynwood, gras Branch, Mission. Mexican ton, Idaho; Ferry Salt Hadlock, C. Lake

Lewisville, S.Florence Idaho; Tucker, 1 Taylor, 1 Leland George born July City; Hill, James Provo, Jackson Utah; WilLucille Berry, Arizona;Helen Holbrook, lard 1901; 1942, 29, Kenneth Huish, excommunicated Arizona; Orien Mesa, May RichMaines, Washington;Rhoda Tacoma, H. Lamoreaux, Paragonah, Utah; Emil A. in the Nineteenth Ogden Ward, Weberards Miller, City; Salt Smith Joseph Lake F. Malmberg, Salt City; Jr., Quentin Lake Stake, Idaho.S. Morris, Jr., McCammon, Taylor, Jameson Loa, Utah; Tolman, Lova Chatel, Carl January born Eugene Bousfleld, States: Albert Eastern Gordon Murtaugh, Idaho; Lloyd Milton Turnbow, California; Harding,Santa 3, Lewis 13, Monica, 1942, 1899, excommunicated July Tabiona, Utah; H. FarmingWalsh, Reed Shirley Snowflake,Willard, Utah; Hoyt, in First the Denver Denver Ward, ton, Utah.

St. AriUdall,Arizona; Johns, Stewart Lee Stake, (deacon) BenStates: Central Winsor East Almazona; Angeles; FrankRobinson, Los Maud Cecil born Clements, Robert Decem1942 in Field 25, Mission May nett—died lin Jr., L. Wilkins, Afton Logan; West,

5, 10, ber 1892, Bliss, excommunicated June Glendale, Arizona; Maxine Mary Idaho.Rupert,

Hawaiian: James Logan Bee, GeorgeHinckley, Utah; Beth Markham, Spanish 1942, in the Wisconsin District, Northtown, Idaho; Keith E. Garner, San FranFork; Orvin Dee Terry, Enterprise, Utah; ern States Mission.

cisco; Parley G. Jansson, Salt Lake City; Merrill Ward Maxfleld, Pleasant Grove, Pearl Gammon, excommunicated

Utah. Sellers, Idaho; L. Rexburg,Joseph Rao J. in 12, the 1942, Second Provo July

States: Eastern Carey, Barton, Margaret Clarke, Bancroft, Sorensen, Idaho; Glen W. Stake. Utah Ward, Idaho; Ford, City, Utah; Odessa Cedar Delta, Utah; Gardner, Kenneth N.Ogden; 20, born Hays, Glen Melvin July Salt Kelsey, Cleora City; Clark Lake M. Gillespie, Hill Earl Provo; Tew, G.Reed

17, 1909, 1942, excommunicated June Newell, Utah; Mona, Douglas Weldon Idaho; Shelley, PasaNewell M. Washburn,

dena, California; Vaughn B. Wonnacott, Sorensen, Driggs, Idaho; Larene Taylor, in the Wisconsin District, Northern

Salt Lake City. Ogden, Utah; Claire Van Dam, Salt Lake States Mission.

Japanese: Ray W. Ipson, Salt Lake City; City; Elizabeth Welker, Safford, Arizona; Lucille Evelyn Hays Pederson, born

Alvin L. California; Santa Monica, White, B. Utah; G. Howell, LowellReese Mason, 1917, April 29, excommunicated June

S. Steadman, Utah. Meade Murray,Stallings, Utah. Eden, District, in the 18, 1942, Wisconsin Panaca, Mathews, Freeda Hawaiian: Colonia McClellan, Mexican: Hugh Day States Mission. Northern City; Salt VanCott, Lake Laura Nevada; Chi., Martineau, Charles Mexico;Juarez, O.

24, Willis, born April Parley Kelo Hannah C. and Cox Roscoe L. Armanda Chi., Cox Juarez, Mexico;Colonia Wendell

Pierce, El Paso, Texas; Edwin Isaac Taylor, (Mission President and wife), Ephraim, 1902, excommunicated May 17, 1942,

El Paso, Texas; Wilson Walter Turley, Utah. in the Flagstaff Ward, Snowflake

Colonia Juarez, Chi., Mexico; Emeron EdNew England: Eldon E. Sill, Layton, Stake, (deacon)

ward Wall, Provo. Utah.

New England: James W. McConkie, Salt North Central States: James William Mission Excommunications

Lake City; Heber J. Reid, St. George, Utah; Grant, LeGrande, Oregon; Norma A. HanAddison Udall, Thatcher, Arizona. sen, Salt Lake City; Willis L. Peterson, The following excommunications

Northern: Leland E. Hiltbrand, Pocatello, Riverton, Utah; Orin H. Stutznegger, Salt from the mission fields have been preIdaho. Lake City; Norman L. Taylor, El Paso, viously unreported:

California: Thomas, M. Texas. Northern Evan

11, Arregui, ex1891; Belinda born Aug. St. Bergstrom, Idaho; E. Bagwell, States: Gordon E.Weston, Northern Otho Manin the 23, Cordola 1941, communicated Jan. Salt Cross,Paul, Stanley assa, Minnesota; Lake Olsen, Colorado; Leland Logan; R. Mission. Branch, Argentine City; Salt GeraldCity; Lake Earl Smith, Jacob DeWaal, Logan. Raymond 19, Beld, born Crandall Mar. Chloe Mae L. Stout, Tenney, Utah; Hurricane, ShelCalifornia: Pearl Von NorthernM. Cox, H. the in 21, 1889; 1941, excommunicated JulyHigley, Arizona. ley, Salt Cutler, Idaho; Helen Lake Marie Mission. States Northern Salt Anderson, States: Dorothy Southern City; Idaho; Pocatello, Marie Egan, Norma 16, Feb. Ellen born Brown, Maude Mary St. George, City; McArthur, EldonLake St. Utah; Gentry, George, George Max W. in the 8, 1940, 1889; excommunicated Jan. Salt City; Lake LenoreUtah; McKinney, Santaquin, LeBaron, Utah, Wendell Kay British Mission. Branch, Handsworth Idaho; Eggles- C. Brady, Arimo, R.Len Jay L. Perkins Blanding, Charles Utah; Lyman, Clarence born Dennis Brown, May Hyton, Pocatello, Idaho. Victor, Idaho. McBride, in 8, 29, 1940, Jan. 1916; excommunicated Berthel BergeAlvin American: Spanish Graham, Lloyd States: Archie Southern British the Mission. Branch, Handsworth Jr., Davies, Blackfoot,son, Idaho; Joseph Los City; Gunn, Salt Wallace Harold Lake 2, Burriss, born excom1886; Ida May Salt Divett, ElizabethTooele, Utah; Emma Hooton, Earl California; Scott Angeles, in 27, the 1941, Northern municated June Salida, City; Nicolayson,Lake Leona Mary Salt Hunter, E. Arizona; Phoenix, Elvan States Mission. Idaho; L.California; Walker, Nampa, Reed PhoeJulius City; Johnson, William Lake 23, 1865; Carr, excomborn Mar. Martha Blackfoot, Idaho. Bailey,Lee Jay Lake, nix, Charlo Palmer, Arizona; M. Jay in 4, the Evansville Sept. 1941, municated Clements, Utah; Sandy, L. George Texas: Montana. Mission. States Northern Branch, Coalville, Utah; DaleAfton Marie Grow,

El 11, B. Eason, Feb. American: Clendenen, Spanish born Ted Loraze Lydia Pleasant Utah. Grove, Johnson,H.

Ballif the Evans, California; 4, in Sept. Segundo, 1941, 1885; Howard excommunicated Salt Stoker, Edith Lake Western: Gladys

City. Oakland, California; Vearlee V. Howell, Evansville Branch, Northern States MisFish Haven, Idaho; Alfred L. Huish, Dougsion.

Missionaries Released in July, las, Arizona; Edward C. Kresser, Boise, Edward Cline, born Nov. 13, 1867; ex1942, and Others Not Oregon.Idaho; Helen Margaret Buckley, LeGrande, communicatedNorthern States1941,Mission.in the Hamilton Branch,

Previously Reported Texas: Fern Flake, Snowflake, Arizona; Emma Elizabeth Cochran, excommuniBrazilian: Theodore Nelson Benson, Laura Larkin, Willard, Utah; Lamont Lescated Sept. 13, 1941, East Nebraska DisLogan; Heber Reid Bird, Salt Lake City; ter Yates, Brigham City, Utah. trict, Western States Mission.

Frank B. Freeman, Brigham City; Lloyd Western States: Lloyd Marion Abbott, Frieda M. Czaia Cope, born July 22,

Rulon Hicken, Salt Lake City; Keith S. Yeadon, Pennsylvania; x Ciyde William Hip- (Concluded on page 593)

illlelchizedeirPiiesthood

BY SMITH, PRIESTHOODCONDUCTED FIELDING COMMITTEE COUNCIL THE MELCHIZEDEK OF THE OF THE TWELVE—JOSEPH

B. Q. A. CALLIS, F. MERRILL. LEE SYLVESTER CHAIRMAN; CHARLES A. WIDTSOE, JOSEPH CANNON, AND HAROLD JOHN

All Committees posed of representatives of the Farm and congressmen, requesting them to feasible Service, to Senate everything Bureau, Extension Semake do Farm/Vf bill further into curity Service, without Administration, Forest a law S860 terinterestof itstomembershipall quorums whichis the roswas bill, law, delay. enforced This Agricultural if an of Economics, Bureau U.

printed and distributed by the 220th S. D. A., United States Employment would banish liquor and prostitution

of Seventy, YaleQuorum Ward, Bonsurroundings the places where and Service, from State Welfare, Board Church neville Stake. are All the members Bill live forces the work. etc. of and purarmed primary Education, The

the followinglisted with information: of the United reenacts is a surlaw S860 of this committee one of pose

name, address, home and office televeying farm labor needs, as well as States from 1917 to 1933. Such a law

numbers,phone vocation and It is then. necessary even more seeking place of locating was those employwho are

activities.employment, and Church of of necessary now. the farms, many The lives providing an ment on andThis should stimulus to other be a quothe winpossibly even men, our armed for these place needs and exchange

lists to similar theirrums for make the upon are dependent of war, ning this there wants. has been end Togroups. a law. set in in paid cooperation with up Utah

It is it practical of to value as helps rich and the delay? do Ask we ser- S. the of personnel suchWhy U. employmentunify the identification. quorum by misrepreliquor powerful by men who in the vice, bureaus placement farm

familiar theMembers become with deceit repeal secured and sentation and cities: Brigham, following Logan, Ogtheir interests vocational of andnames If bill everyone S860. opposing are Price, RichCity, den, Salt Provo, Lake

associates extend and the brotherhood that lets senators your know of you field, St. City, These George. Cedar

the period.beyond Priesthood Sunday the imliquor banned from want you offices, adjacounties are county and

it forces reach of our armed cent to them may be serviced from mediateBeet Project It 'Duty will be done. Now. "Do them.

'"P'he Lethbridge Ward is having Farmers are urged to list their labor calls you. Protect our boys!

marked success with an eighteenrequirements with these labor offices, acre sugar beet project this season. as far in advance of their need as posCanada and Liquor

Members of the higher and lesser sible. Likewise, any and all men, womPriesthood groups have banded toen, boys, and girls, who will be availPresident Reeder of the New Enggether magnificently to do the hand able for farm work are requested to list land Mission sent us a copy of the

work, and the beets are the best in the their names with their nearest farm Halifax Herald from which we learn district. The project is on a welfare labor office. If the public generally will that the Canadian Temperance Federbasis and the quorums are really doing cooperate in this movement, the ation is leading a vigorous campaign

the work. Numbers of the girls and threatened farm labor shortage will be against liquor consumption in Canada.

older sisters of the ward have reported largely overcome. President Reeder says many newspathe campaign. are supporting persfor work. enthusiastic the most Among furwill agricultural agents County things the Federation is pubtheworkers have been Lethbridge Among all inStake nish full information and answer

presidency and ward bishopric. Elder quiries on the subject. This service is lishing are the following:

priest, Llewellyn, a high has headedJob free to the public. inis consumption in Canada 1 ) Liquor the committeeup he has received and

rate. alarming creasing( at an

splendid night, support. than more One the faces the nation a crisis, While (2)

sixty were on the field. Reported by liquor traffic thrives and its promoters are

C. Frank Steele. NO LIQUORTOBACCO enriched.(3) The [Examplesmanufactureareandgiven.]consumption of

Agricultural Planning and many useful articles is restricted—tea, cofrubber, gasoline, etc., yet no resugar,Farm Labor Problems COLUMN fee,

of strictions are placed on the manufacture

By C. Orval Stott liquor.

peoasks Canadian The government (4) luxuries, yet the govand Action—A Duty ple to eliminate A gricultural planning has been carthe with to interfere nothing does Merrill ernment F. By Joseph"ried in organizafarm on by Utah

liquor. of consumption manufacture and intions state, cooperation county, with liquor in trade large overseas The (5)

this federal in of issue service forand agencies a the Era numPlsewhere for food sorely shipping space needed takes is years,ber of S. through as *-* Charles please what read known (p. 572) supplies. and war

the State Land Use Planning CommitLongacre's article, "Our Greatest Men- (6) Drink has been partly responsible tee, whose chairman is Director Wilace in This War."You may also for Allied defeats and tragedies—at Hong

liam Peterson of the Agricultural Colhave read in the Church Section of The Kong, Singapore, Burma, Lybia, etc.

stateits ends Federation many The (7)lege Exension Service. this Deseret 25 and July August News, Under

Minister in to the Prime an appeal 1, mentsstate the "Liquor there committee an unanswerare funcand War,"now for country, of the beloved "in our name article able of ColPresidenttioning Cutten the state, in all counties of by counthe its citizens, for of the the of sake good ty planning committees. Our stake gate University. Further in the Augbrave men who are offering their lives in

agricultural advisory committees are ust 15 Deseret News Church Section, defense of freedom"to take speedy and efurged to cooperate in furthering planthere was reprinted an article from fective action.

ning work. We likewise urge all of Signs of the Times written by Murl

the farmers to become interested in this Vance, entitled, "I Saw It Happen."What Utah Paid For

movement as it is for their own well These articles are all loaded with Liquor and Tobacco being and betterment. facts, logic, and good sense, making an

The state planning committee set up unanswerable case, demanding action. HpHESE are war times. Conditions are

a number of subcommittees. One vital What action, do you ask? It is that abnormal, and the outlook is dark.

one is known as the state farm labor you at least write a letter, sign a petiWe are called upon to sacrifice, to subcommittee. This committee is comtion or otherwise contact your senators practice thrift, to buy bonds to the limit,

.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1942

to give everything we can spare to the simply mowed down by the enemy to officers, soldiers, and sailors alike, war effort. Yet for many these are machine guns.... The spearhead may explain why they were not "on

times, their inprosperous judged by alert."broke. it not of the suddenly have been advance Would No the

readiness recklesscomes and the ( and the to lock better Professor before could one the door tell why."Hans

ness) with they which spend their for like Schmidt of Helle, an officer on the horse was stolen? The enemy knew especially nonessentialsmoney,

front, Pearl the answer. west gave Harbor going on at "If what was tobacco.liquor and seem They

it. alcohol of not found had advantage and took to be we we shouldstrangers to thrift and economy. Money

is coming easily and in larger amounts have advanced farther than the Yet, in spite of what liquor has than ever before. They act as if March offensive. You are right in done to the armies of the nations of

"times will always be good."This is laying your finger on this painful the past, America so far has failed

indicated by the amounts spent in Utah wound,"he wrote to the crown to heed history's warnings concernforWeliquorpresentand tobacco.herewith official figures, prince.In 1 925 the famous French editor, ingtime thisof war.greatestWeofallowall enemiesthe liquorin

giving the amounts spent during the Payot, wrote words of warning to dealers to ply their trade unmolested.

fiscal 1 1941 years to Tuly 1942, and if of which, heedpeople of France, to the use hundreds permit them We respectively. 30, are TheseJune in liquor. saved ed, have sugar of undoubtedly would of pounds

for cigarettes paid (otheramounts traffickers humiliation their to and the liquor country from allow millionsWe in of tobaccoforms not taxed Utah), for beer and for hard liquor, legally defeat in 1940. He said: "Alcoholexploit and debauch our soldier boys

sold. These figures were furnished by ism, under the indifferent eyes of the in the military camps, without placthe Utah State Liquor Control Comauthorities, is indeed destroying our ing restrictions upon the brewers.

mission for hard liquor and by the State nation I solemnly affirm that from It is high time that the people who

Tax Commission for cigarettes and now on one might inscribe on the have the welfare of their boys and beer. windows of all public houses in the honor of their country at heart

Fiscal year figures: France these fateful words, Finis should do something about this ter1941 Since borders. rible our 1942 Galliae."enemy within

for cigarettes....$2,893,942 $3,481,422Paid

present Congress of the Let the officers of the American the majority 4,420,292 3,910,030Beer

Hard Liquor 4,568,080 5,820,127 Army and Navy pay solemn heed to have refused to do anything about the following statement issued by prescribing a remedy or enacting

TOTAL $11,372,052 $13,721,841 General Petain: "Our soldiers were legislation to banish liquor from the

Drinking and Driving drunk and could not fight. Since the military camps, and the areas surthe spirit let us as individvictory the camps, rounding of World War I drivers drinking are potentialnHAT

living, about of riotous and of pleasure, do something ual Americans at steering dangers wheels is admitted everywhere. This is indicated drinking, has prevailed over the it. We have the power in our hands,

by figures released by the Utah Tax spirit of sacrifice."It has been said and our effective weapon is the ballot

Commission. During the fiscal year that eighteen percent of the French at the coming November election.

1942 (July 1, 1941, to June 30, 1942) soldiers from the Maginot Line were The ballot box can and should settle this commission revoked and suspended in hospitals suffering from delirium this issue. Vote only for the candi85358%—weredrivers'revokedlicenses. forOfdrunkenthese 497drivtremensAs Generalat thePetaintime ofadmitted,the invasion."Aldefinitelydates for seatspledgedin Congressto banishwholiquorare

ing. No figures are given for the amount coholism was the chief cause of the and drive vice out of the Army

ofof deaths or the done damage number collapse armies'and surroundmoral areas the French from camps, and drivers. these drinkingcaused Should by greatest four in of France's worst done ing World as them, was drivthe prohibitthe not from law anyone

I.ing who is under the influence of a problems."War

"drink or two?"Well might Americans ask why Nations which in the past have

were not the officers and the men failed to take such precautions have

Our Greafest Menace that"on thefatefulalert"morningat Pearlof HarborDecemberon throughgone downthe curseto ruinof anddrink,oblivionwhich (Concluded from page 572) 7, 1941, The fact that, following demoralized their armies and their cause Marshal Ney failed to make the disaster, all saloons were closed people. Only an awakened public

his appearance as ordered on June and the sale of all intoxicating bevconscience will save our nation from 17. Retiring to his quarters the erages was immediately prohibited a similar fate.

night before, after imbibing too freely of his favorite Burgundy, he "fell into a deep and prolonged sleep, and Melchizedek Priesthood Outline of Study, October, 1942 when he awoke... he found himself Text: Teachings of the Prophet Joseph Smith

apparently unable to give orders or resultto reach any decision."The

arrival delay, the a day'swas of LESSON 31 presenceNephi 9:8)of God (D. & C. 76:25; 2

Devil Personal A for troops, victoryBlucher's and a before evil that which was

Joseph the Prophet Teachings of Read excel to andWellington. 2:17) Nephi (2 c. GodSought 225227, 214, 189, 187, 161162, Smith, pp. (297) report, to a press 7V ccording when D. 365; 357358, 306, 297298, & C. 241, 4:1-3) plan (Moses (1) Satan's 76:2528; 3639; 29:2829, 19:3; 10:43; in closing on were the Germans

I will son be 2 (a) 14:12; Isa. Thy 3:2728; 4:1-4; Abr. Moses in theParis before 1918, just March, all mankind, 12; I will 7-9, (b) redeem 12:3-4, 1:6; Rev. 2:4; Peter Jude

of French "theBattle the Marne, shall not be that soul one 2:1718; 2 Nephi 15:29; 20:2-3; 1 Nephi

had left a great supply of alcoholic 9:8-9, 16; 28:2122; Mos. 16:3, 5; 26:27; 3 lost

drink as the surest means of retardNephi 9:2; 11:29; 21:10; 18:15; Alma 12:4; (c) Wherefore give me thine

honor 3:29. Hel. 48:17;ing advance. whole the German Two destroy the to (d) Sought rebellion 1. Lucifer's (357)divisions to ready drunk were found of the morning (D. Lucifer, agency a. a son of man

be cut down by the Allied troops... & C. 76:2627; Isa. 14:12) (e) Sought God's own power

The winedrenched Germans were b. An angel of God in authority in the (Cf. D. & C. 29:36)

a: )

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1942

48:17) (Alma righteous the to and lies, deceive to all of e. Father a savior as (f) up stood He humbic being only i. by him curb capCan lead them to and men, blind (357) spirits discerning gift of for j. Need Nephi 4:4; 2 will his (Moses at tive in heaven (2) Contention all over is triumph to Salvation k. souls 9:9) certain said (a) Jesus all over this and world, in enemies becoming all mankind of f. Cause saved be not would to come world in the spirits evil and devilish sensual, carnal, and save said he would Lucifer (b)

(297) to the devil themselves subjecting plans his laid all, and them or they could 1. tempt men must Devil 16:3) (Mos. council grand the before (D. themselves unto agents not be up of Father of g. favor in Council voted contention—stirreth (c)

187) 29:39; C. with & hearts of the men to contend Christ Jesus

11:29) (3 Nephi anger in rebel-: rose angry, Devil (d) Discuss

angels his and laugheth h. devil The from the against lion (357) came evils which God 1. Enumerate

of slain because those 7-9, over rejoice 12:3-4, (Rev. in heaven devil. d. War Nephi (3 abominations iniquity and of wiles favorite are some 12) 2. What bloodspirit that of hate, his 9:2): Bewickedness? against Only the to mankind enticing in Satan ( 1 ) Rebelled

(358) shed, murder gotten Son Whom the rather the Saints and LESSON 33 war with i. Maketh loved

76:28) (D. C. & overcometh many of Perdition the kingdom take to of Sons Sought and Cain (2) of Sin The

4. tempter great The C. (D. 76:28) God. & Joseph Prophet the of Teachings Read to lie devil, to and the of a. Subtlety of God an enemy Became (3) 169, 156, 58, 24, 361, 356358, Smith, pp. 12:4; (225; the Alma people deceive 16:5) (Mosiah 1:25Abr. 7:8, 22; 5:1341; 361; Moses 301, Hel. 3:29) (Abr. first estate his not Kept 4348; (4) 76:3039, 41; 29:2830, C. 27; D. 6 unto of children men the Stirreth b. up 1:6) 3:2728; Jude 110111; Perfection, pp. to 84:41; Way and murder of combinations secret after followed (5) Many Nephi him—16:5; 2 3:11; Mos. 11:4; Jacob Heb. darkof secret works all of manner of hosts of the part third Cf. 3:29; Hel. 34:35; 12:1618; 9:8-9; Alma 9:9) ness Nephi (2 C. 29:36) (D. heaven & 27:32; 2:3-4; 3 Nephi Thess. 2 17:12; John of angel as an appear c. Devil and may thrust down, were (6) They - 29:7 9:9) Nephi light his 214:2 (162, devil the and thus came (Moses his wickedness in gloried 1. Cain is powerful is orator, and d. an verse He 37) angels (357, 5:1335)

angels his (162) and Satan 2. of Punishment daughand sons astray leads a. Satan in tongues e. can speak He (297298) of ters Adam great all classes f. has and of tempt Can the presence from a. Cast down and sensual, carnal, became b. They deceive to (227) power 76:25) (D. C. God & devilish in forth spirits going are the Lying into g. out cast angels his b. and parhis He of hopes disappoints c. Cain

hell earth the to (2 12:8) and (Rev. earth ents to efforts greatest his h. uses Devil 2:4; 1:6) Peter Jude than God more Satan d. Loved Saints the trap (161) heavens for the Perdition, c. Called to make Satan's command e. Obeyed his kingdom sets up Always (1) 76:26) C. (D. over him & wept the Lord offering unto of to the opposition in kingdom is that punishment his of d. Greatness accepted f. not offering His

like (365) men God shall a not have body he faith: in done (1) Not of doctrine a Selfrighteousness (2) is (297, 306) faith, is of not Whatsoever the retard to devil human the powhave a body with ( Those 1 ) sin (58) mind (341) not those have er over who unrightin offered Sacrifice (2) very are Flatters us (a) of we decree to thwart seeks (2) He eousness (169)

righteous of a possession taking by God more a offered unto God Abel (3) a lulls into Pacifies (b) and stolen body 11:4) (Heb. sacrifice excellent

security carnal (2 of sense out turned liable to be Always the (3) blessings great by Promised g. 28:2122) serpent Nephi that old Satan, e. Became well if do would he Lord in is Zion"well 2 (c) "All 76:28; devil (D. the C. even 6 folto curse of warned h. Solemnly telleth them Flattereth (d) and 2:18) Nephi unrighteousness low

is hell there seeking no f. forever, miserable Became of counsel greater the i. rejected Cain is there for I devil, (e) all no of am mankind the misery God the for fire none prepared Everlasting g. oathsecret of Satan j. by Taught cheateth devil the (f) 26:27; Thus his angels (Mos. devil and and to murder combination bound leadeth souls their and 1 15:29) 29:2829; C. Nephi D. & gain get to carefully still them down filthy remain (1) To gloried and Mahan, Master k. Became

hell fire of lake as torment a Their (2) wickedness his in his with them flame Grasps brimstone, (g) whose and flocks brother's his 1. Coveted

ever, chains, awful whence forever and ascendeth up he in what gloried and Abel, Slew m.

is deliverance 9: there no 16) Nephi has end (2 no and done had the i. of hearts in the shall rage for which prepared them Place He (3) posterity his and Cain 2. upon Curse

stir anger to of children and men is hell (D. 29:38) 6C. 1:25Cf. Abr. 3641; 5:2425, (Moses

is 2 that (161; good against which and years thousand h. a bound be 10-1 1 To 11 Perfection, to pp. 27; Way 12:12) 28:21; 20:2- Rev. pit Nephi (Rev. bottomless into cast light, and the against sinned a. Cain

evil 5. Overcoming 3) knowingly chose evil resist to a. All deceive power have that to men period During (1) of desires the to over b. Delivered

nations (189) more no Satan to dedevil seek the b. little well might season for As loosed a Then (2) Perdition c. Called

inan overthrow as throne Jehovah Satan rule over d. ToDiscuss: resists everything that soul nocent his lies of father e. The person to do compel Satan any evil is 1. Can which (226) from Cain had f. abominations Secret

evil? Christ wrought c. of Salvation Jesus a vagabound and a fugitive Forever g. over all triumph that of might sin out great the men 2. In heaven, what was earth the in

devil the (357)Lucifer? the Lord of face the out from h. Shut

will connot d. angels and men, God, Cain set upon skin i, black of a Mark 32LESSON all evil resist that those demn 7:8, 22) (Cf. Moses

e. destroythe to has Lord power The (Continued) Devil Personal linehisA through continued Curse

the his at of ing works and Satan all evil of 3. author The j. age

last great the the devil of and world, end the evil a. from All cometh race inferior of father an The (1)

(D. of C. 19:3) judgment day & 7:12) (Moroni servants of

the greater than of fighteth God and f. Wisdom b. Devil enemy an of God privilege the denied are They (2)

devil Nephi of the cunning (3 against fulHim the and Priesthood of the 21:10; 10:43) D. & C. c. Inviteth and enticeth to sin, and to

lest ye be tempted of ness of gospel blessings Pray always, g. do evil

d. Persuadeth no man to do good, no the devil and led captive (3 Nephi Discuss

not one, neither do his angels (Mor18:15) 1. Who only are in a position to comoni 7:17) h. Devil has no power over hearts of mit the unpardonable sin?

THEWDRKDFTHE SEyEnTY

JhsL Qallbu d$* JPul Sswsunh

Jever before has the calling of the seventies been so vision of the First Council of the Seventy who work under deeply and comprehensively felt as it is today. Since the direction of the Quorum of the Twelve. In the superthe organization of the "grand evangelical army of the vision of the quorums in local affairs, however, stake presiChurch,"as one writer expresses it, to the present day, dents have been given the responsibility of collaborating

hundreds, yea, thousands, of seventies have gone into every with the First Council in helping the seventies quorums to part of the world to carry the restored gospel. The record keep organized and active. Thus the basis for a complete

of the devotion, heroism, sacrifice, of these missionaries unity of understanding and harmony of action has been of Israel who have gone into the wilderness that they might established.

save the souls of men, is unsurpassed. The dignity of the What the world needs today more than anything else is

work has been in keeping with its importance. Brethren a renewed faith in the living God and Jesus Christ. This

holding office in all the Melchizedek Priesthood organizaknowledge is to come through these personal witnesses tions have shared in this call of missionary endeavor. who have prepared their hearts and minds to bear testimony

They, with the seventies, have been chosen to go "into of the restoration of the gospel and the Priesthood of God.

all the earth"to preach the "fulness of the gospel,"and This is the imparting of a new purpose, for it is the giving gather Latterday Israel from among the nations. of life; life for the heart, the conscience, the will: the life

The Prophet Joseph Smith has written in the one hunthat makes a new man.

dred seventh section of the Doctrine and Covenants, these words The Lord has declared His great purpose: "For behold, this is my work and my glory—to bring to pass the im-

"The Seventy are also called to preach the gosmortality and eternal life of man."(Moses 1:39) The expecpel, and to be especial witnesses unto the Gentiles tation cherished by the missionaries in the early days of the

and in all the world."(D. & C. 107:25) Church was in keeping with their instructions, and they saw

in the newly revealed word, God's message of salvation to

The Latterday work, engaged in by all the quorums of the world. They had the divine testimony that it would meet

the Priesthood, is evidence of its divine character and misevery man's spiritual wants, and protect and guide his life.

sion. It is the work to which all the world must look, and This was their faith, and it was soon justified as thousands

for this reason, it grows in power and importance. Our of men, women, and children found their way to the truth.

active ministry today is taking place in a period of great As in the past, there was little hesitation, so in the future, mental disturbance, and we are facing problems that have there must be a still deeper spirit to lead people into right never been so momentous and direful as they are at present. and to recognize whatever truth is found, and to add to it

We must then have purpose as never before. With purmore truth, higher truth, the TRUTH.

pose, we must have vision, and for the work of God to progress, it must have the cooperation of all organizations We who are working in the cause of God have inherited of the Church and the presidencies of stakes and bishops something of its method and spirit. It is in our blood, our

of wards. Whatever achievements are attained are, by nerves, our habits of thought and work. "In our idea of

their very nature, a common possession. They are inGod, He is a very present help, working out the counsel

creased by sharing, for the success of any organization of of His own will,"wrote the poet Milton. If the presence

the Priesthood contributes to the life of all the others. of the spirit of the Holy Priesthood is in our work, nothing

can be done among men, among nations, that is not tributary The duties of the members of every Priesthood quorum to them. have been defined by the revelations of the Prophet Joseph

Smith. While the respective offices of the Priesthood reThere never was a time larger with spiritual promise

quire study and a well defined performance of duties, they than the present. There never was a time when people were

all make for a common cause and a closer association. The more eager to liberate the human spirit for its next step

unifying motive is to teach the gospel to all peoples. As forward in the arduous and inspiring journey toward perin every progressive movement in life, cooperation of groups fection and happiness. The gospel is concerned with life,

is a vital force, and this the Church has taught from its with the whole of it, and more than ever, the seventies of inception. The Seventies constitute a "Church organizathe Church must be fellowworkers with God in the realization,"in the sense that they are directly under the supertion of its aims. L. E. Y.

TWonitfPriesthooil EChp CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC. EDITED BY LEE A. PALMER.

THE AARONIC PRIESTHOOD bycauses,apostasy,were reorganizedexcommunicationand the andvacanciesother AARONICFIVE BROTHERSPRIESTHOOD,ACTIVE IN unPartridge filled. was in them Edward SCHOOL, SUNDAY AND in articles Thirtieth series a of the of Church sustained as bishop animously Y. M. M. I. A. ACTIVITIES late the F. Elder written by Orson his for counin nominated that land, and

Whitney of the Council of the selors, Isaac Morley and Titus Billings.

Twelve. Published originally in John Corrill, formerly a counselor to Bish-

"The Contributor."op Partridge, was appointed keeper of the

Lord's storehouse, in lieu of A. S. Gilbert.

'T'he bishopric in Kirtland, in 1836, the The spirit of persecution next showed year the temple was dedicated, was itself in Kirtland. Some of the leading men

composed of the following: Newel K. of the Church apostatized and went hand

Whitney, bishop, Reynolds Cahoon and glove with mobocrats and enemies who the life Prophet, the seeking of Joseph were last counselors. Smith, and The Hyrum

to true and him those remained and who in appointed having named, been JanuSmith, religion Christ. of the Jesus Joseph

the that of to the ary of presidency year others, Rigdon, Sidney and Brigham Young, high council, Vinson Knight was orwere forced to flee for their lives, and were dained a high priest by Bishop Whitney followed for hundreds of miles by armed and set apart as one of the counselors mobocrats, eager to slay them. The main

to fill the vacancy thus created. During body of the Saints followed in an exodus

the same month William Cowdery was to Missouri, and thus was fulfilled the reappointed president over the priests of moval of the Church from Kirtland, forethe Aaronic Priesthood in Kirtland, shadowedduced. in a revelation already reproOliver Olney to preside over the teachBut the indomitable spirit of God's

ers, and Ira Bond to preside over the prophet was not to be subdued. He next EBBShhm9ubI9BS

deacons'quorum. These brethren were sought out an asylum for the Saints who Delbert, Ray, Grant, Morris, and Darwin Neilson of the

Falls set Falls splendid Stake, Twin Second a Twin Ward, route en were from Kirtland, andordained and set apart by Bishop Whitwe next in following prescribed example the course complete Church the hear of organization of of the stakeney. for established brothers men. have are young and They

in Davies County, in records School, Priesthood, unusual Aaronic Sunday of Adamondi-Ahman, the 1837, In September, Bishop

I. of activities. sons and are the Y. A. They M. M. called central Missouri. point The was reKirtland, directed having been by Neilson. Mildred Hill Spring of that neighborpeople by the Falls of L. Stake the Percy President Lawrence Twinvelation eastern travel the to through

it hood, rechristened but Adamondi- Joseph inspiration writes, been has of "It source Presidency a cities, prophesying, preaching and Wilall five to see these times serving of young fine many men the having informed been Ahman, Lord by official in capacity together at table the sacrament an bishop'sliam appointed it was Marks that identical the spot was where Adam, priests, deacons."and as as a teacher, as two one two

agent to transact the business of that the father of the human family, would In addition to their Priesthood activities, these young faithful hand in on been School, have always Sunday men visit to his in the last days, people come office in the absence of Bishop WhitTheir called to the exercise Boy Priesthood upon. when in other the words, of Ancient where Days Kirtland, theney. to leaving Prior Scribe, activities leadership, Patrol include Scout Troop

sit, as foretold the Daniel. Prophet by with Scoutmaster. serving Assistant Delbert as now his issued a would counselorsbishop with

lengthy epistle to the Saints scattered teenthThis factof May,was made1838. known on the nineabroad, appealing to them for assistance The Stake of Adamondi-Ahman was orin the work of building up Zion, and ganized on June 28th of that year, and by "O Lord! Show unto thy servants how

urging them to gather up their gold and the unanimous voice of the conference much thou requirest of the properties of thy silver and means of various kinds and there assembled, Vinson Knight was chosen people for a Tithing?"

impart liberally to the Lord's cause. Bishop pro rem. This action was prelimTo this the Lord vouchsafed the followinary to the calling of Bishop Newel K. ing answer:

The Missouri Saints, in the meantime, Whitney, who was then in Kirtland, to as- "Verily thus saith the Lord, I require were gathering in force to Far West. At sume that position. all their surplus property to be put into the

a conference of the Church held there on At Far West, on the eighth of July, enhands of the Bishop of my Church of

November 7, 1837, and attended by the suing, the question of tithing coming up Zion, for the building of mine house, and

First Presidency, the various quorums of for consideration, the Prophet Joseph adfor the laying of the foundation of Zion, the Priesthood, which had been decimated dressed the Lord in these words: (Continued on page 595)

ALBERTA STAKE CELEBRATES RESTORATION OF AARONIC PRIESTHOOD

From far and wide they came for a full and most unusual day commemStake Aaronic Priesthood Chairman J. Y. Card writes: "After the program

orating the restoration of the Aaronic Priesthood. Deacons, teachers, and we went to the pioneer cairn where the first pioneers camped at Cardston,

their leaders stake priests, and are as they and ward shown spent the June 3, 1SS7. A ceremony introducing two of the remaining six original

forenoon cleanup in a general project surrounding the grounds on of May pioneers 23 held. was

the newly constructed Alberta Stake Social Center Building. "After this brief ceremony the boys went to the town square and played

After lunch an appropriate program was enjoyed, with Stake President horseshoe and Softball, thus ending a very successful and happy pilgrimage

Edward J. Wood recounting interesting missionary experiences. for the Aaronic Priesthood of the Alberta Stake."

SUlarcTTeaching CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC. EDITED BY LEE A. PALMER.

RECORD OF 100 PERCENT WARD TEACHING FOR 28 WARD TEACHERS

YEARS REPORTED A nd if any man among you be strong in the Spirit, let him take with him ** him that is weak, that he may be edified in all meekness, that he may become strong also.

Therefore, take with you those who are ordained unto the lesser priesthood.... (D. & C. 84:106, 107)

Suggestions For Ward Teachers Teachers should be actively interested in their people. They should

visit them in times of illness and death. They should be aware of the spiritual, physical, and temporal status of their people to such an extent that

distress and want may be reported at once, and appropriate assistance to the worthy be provided without delay.

In keeping with the duties assigned to teachers by revelation, it is highly appropriate, where making a formal visit, to ask each member of the family questions containing the following import 1. Are you in harmony

MANTUA WARD TEACHERS, BOX ELDER STAKE a. With your neighbors and associates?

b. With ward, stake, and General Authorities of the Church?

right, Left front to Christian Lucius row: Hansen, attending duties to your Church 2. Are you

Petersen, Nels Jensen, Jeppsen, NelsM. Andrew M. C. a member a. As

Jr., Jeppsen,P. Ferguson. Richard Andersen, Max

fasting meeting, Attending once each month and paying fast offering, row: Second Rasmussen, AllJohn Martin Rasmussen,

ston Jensen, Roy Olsen, Ernest Johnson, Ephraim Schow, paying tithing, and participating in ward social functions?

Reed Hansen.

row: Bishop Back Z. Nelson, Arnold Y. Erekson, Her- b. AsSettingan officerproper example, attending council meetings, etc.? Jeppsen, Larsen, Austin Jeppsen.man ward clerk, Ray

The following active teachers were absent when the 3. Are you attending to secret and family prayers?

picture was taken: Lynn Hailing, LaVar Jensen, Wallace

Jeppsen, Earl Riggs, Scott Olsen, Clark Rasmussen,

Aaron Jensen, Ureal Jacobsen, and Lloyd Keller. U)ahcL J&achoA&l VYlMAaqsi, Odabsut., 1%2

former report from Bishop Z.A Y. THE STRANGER WITHIN OUR GATES"** of the Erekson Mantua Ward, Box

Elder Stake, indicates that this ward HpROOPS and civilians are pouring into our various communities or nearby has established a one hundred percent metropolitan centers by the thousands. With them they may be exward teaching record extending over pected to bring their own ideas of community, social, and religious life.

the past twentyeight years. There are Their habits, customs, likes, and dislikes will now become an integral part

seventyfive families of record in the of their new surroundings and associations.

ward with a population of three hunIt is well to recognize, however, that while they are bringing their indred twentyone. fluence to bear upon us, we, likewise, are making impressions upon them.

During the twentyeight-year period, In this duel of influences, which will be the victor? Shall we be persuaded

the average attendance at the monthly to their ideas or will they learn to appreciate our way of life?

ward teachers report meeting has been When this great struggle is over and we again adjust ourselves to eighteen. With few exceptions, a writnormal life will those who have had contact with members of the Church

ten report covering their assignments be missionaries in defense of our ideals or parade before the world our perand activities has been handed to the sonal indifference and disobedience to the gospel standards? Will even one

bishop each month by the teachers as among them falter in his search for truth because of our actions?

suggested by the Presiding Bishopric. Thousands of persons who have never experienced this contact before,

Those serving as ward teachers durwill now be exposed to the Church, through its membership. What will

ing the twentyeight years total one they think or say of the Church because of their experiences with us?

hundred eight with fiftyseven of this Membership in the Church imposes a tremendous responsibility. We

number still living in the ward. have covenanted with God that we will live by His word. What the

Bishop Erekson reported, "These stranger sees us do will live longer in his memory than that which he hears brethren have been so willing and us say. Actions speak louder than words.

faithful in their duty that it has not If Latterday Saints will but live close to God, teaching the gospel been necessary to set up elaborate suthrough their righteous lives, it is safe to assume that the stranger.within

pervisory machinery. The two counour gates will at least appreciate our associations and admire the standards

selors in the bishopric have done all the and ideals of the Church. To so live is our bounden duty.

supervising required. In fact it is rare The spirit of the gospel suggests that all be made welcome. Loyalty

light before that they men, that so shine "your good may see yourthat give they the demands have to do more than is glorify 5:16.) in heaven."Father which your (Matthew works, and theirteachers assignments at the beginning of each year."

A review of the attendance at sacrament meeting during the past year reBishop Peter C. Johnson, Bishop ConCounselors to these bishops who have

veals a twentysix percent average for rad Jeppsen, and Bishop Zelph Y. Erekhelped in this commendable activity reMantua Ward compared with an allson. Since this report, Newell Jensen cord include Alexander A. Larsen,

Church average of seventeen percent. Larsen has been sustained as the new Marion M. Jensen, N. P. Jeppsen, Jr.,

Bishop Erekson gives much of this bishop of Mantua Ward. Bishop LarPeter Rasmussen, Wilford Hailing,

credit to efficient ward teaching. sen will undoubtedly continue this unRichard J. Andersen, John Rasmussen,

This remarkable record has been esbroken record in ward teaching actiLucius Hansen, Ray Jeppsen, and Cliftablished during the administrations of vities. ford Hansen.

baby. I found it to be of great interest.

It was in the form of a sixgeneration pedigree chart beginning on line one with Fay Hopkins Murray, born May

/:...... -:......::;;-::,V;.; 3, 1942; the daughter of Ralph Ham-

.:: CENTURY OLD TURTLE BE-: '::..:.

COMES GENEALOGICAL lin Murray and Lila Fancher. The

RECORD tionchartofgivesfiftyeightthe namesdirectandancestorsidentificaof

Elder Richard L. Gunn the newborn son. (It is interesting to

Genealogical Chairman of the note that many of them in the earliest

Hawaiian Mission generation on the chart connect with

Ceveral years ago Richard L. Gunn pedigrees in the Library of the Gene-

*-* of Yalecrest Ward, Bonneville alogical Society of Utah.)

Stake, was an outstanding junior genealogist and compiled an excellent Book of Remembrance. In library research

he traced along many lines of his ancestry. He is now mission genealogical

chairman of the Hawaiian Mission. In

connection with directing temple and genealogical activities in that mission, he met with the accompanying interestJOHN AKIONA AND HIS DAUGHTER FLORENCE ing experience:

Turtle's polishing Mr. cleaning and made

the from family of album A "leaf"John the record a chart shiny which back uponAkiona's family surprise would good a inthe family of been have Akiona names genealogicalmany enthusiasts the of followed, scribed. "page"Later a second

Church. particular aren't These "pages"estimated years about to be hundred onebound in conventional family group binders in

but hang proudly on the walls of his home of the Church, member John age.A veteran

at Laupahoehoe, Hawaii. for the has gained respect Akiona a great

temple his enjoys in and studies mookuauhau it as Strange seem, Brother may Akiona is his (genealogy). pictured here with He first his found genealogical record book daughter, rehis Florence, holding family in theswimming clear waters bordering cord, to Saints other an example Latterdaysunny Hawaii, the with and traditional skill in building careful records.of Hawaii's native sons, his prize captured

it.and landed table a Hawaiian Many UNIQUE BABYhas been graced the with delicious of meat ANNOUNCEMENTthe giant turtles in found Pacific waters, but

Brother Akiona had laid further plans for Elder Richard L. Gunn

his turtle. He didn't say how agreeable fT rHE other day one of our genealogical

the turtle was in finding his future was to members forwarded to me an anbe linked with genealogy, but his careful nouncement of the arrival of a new

Priests'Dwellings in excommunicatedIndiana District, JulyNorthern21, 1941,Statesin theMission.South tral1941,Statesin theMission.West Oklahoma District, CenTeotihuacan 1895;ChesterexcommunicatedJoseph Crandall,July 21,born1941,Sept.in the7, excommunicatedElsie Reed Henegar,Oct. 12,born1941,Aug.in the18, West1914;

( Concluded from page 549 South Indiana District, Northern States Oklahoma District, Central States Mission.

1912; born Sept. 25, Hoffman, E. G. Dunn Mission. In the better preserved dwellings the in the 28, 1941, East Mar. Robert Laurence Feb. excommunicated Cummings, born

stillwalls are decorated with frescos District, States Mission. Michigan Northern 25, 1917; (seventy) 1941, excommunicated

representing ceremonies, gods, and in the Kaui Branch, Japanese Mission. Claricy Flynn Hubbs, born Feb. 10, 1894;

country scenes. They are precious William C. Deichmiller, born Apr. 8, excommunicated Jan. 13, 1941, in the South

documents, for they are actual paint1876; excommunicated July 24, 1941, in the Illinois District, Northern States Mission.

ings of Indian life well over a thousand South Illinois District, Northern States Mis- M. L. F. Hunt, born Dec. 11, 1910; exyears old. sion. communicated Apr. 16, 1941, in the RockStates Branch, Mission. Northern Nina 22, ford born Oct. DeYoung, W. Sims fresco, at which discovered was A Beatrice Inskup, 19, exborn 1905; Jan. 1902; excommunicated 29, in the 1941, Jan.the close last of the century and which in 1941, 12, communicated Peoria the June Branch, Rapids States Northern Mission.

has since disappeared, presents a TeotiEdith Oakley Dobell, born Apr. 26, 1899; Branch, Northern States Mission.

huacan ceremonial scene. To the excommunicated Jan. 8, 1940, in the HandsLorene Edna Kalinski, born Sept. 22,

right and left are two idols representing worth Branch, British Mission. 1913; excommunicated Sept. 11, 1941, in

Illinois the District, States South Northern deities.native Priests in are Virginia shown Miller Green, born 1, 1914; Dec.

Mission.acts of 1, adoration idols. excommunicated the Oct. in before the 1941, ChiThe E. 4, exborn Lambton, Feb. 1919; Mary Branch, nook States Northwestern Mission.curved at symbol various of the mouth in 1941, communicated 26, the June Evansispriests China Guildner, of Feb. an indication 23, born or 1888; flow- M. song ville Branch, States Mission. Northern

ery speech. excommunicated June 26, 1941, in the PenStewart Davis Livingston, born June 8,

Important additional frescos have rechatoula Branch, Texas Mission. 1907; excommunicated Jan. 9, 1941, in the

cently been discovered, which will soon Oscar William Guildner, born Apr. 20, York Branch, Eastern States Mission.

be interpreted and published by leading 1905; excommunicated June 26, 1941, in the Andalina Lujan, born Mar. 10, 1885; exMexican archeologists. HammondHenry JamesBranch,Harmon,Texas bornMission.Nov. 19, FecommunicatedBranch, ArgentineJuly 15, Mission.1941, in the Santa

1878; (high priest) excommunicated Sept. Pedro Martinez, born Oct. 9, 1905; ex28, 1941, in the Vaughn Branch, Northcommunicated 1941, in the San Pedro

States western Mission. Branch, Mission. MexicanThe Church Moves On Leola Margaret Bird Harris, Oct. Jessie born 27, born M. S. Mclntyre, May {Continued from page 586) 29, 1915; 20, 1941, Oct. excommunicated 1900; excommunicated in the Jan. 8, 1941,

1910; excommunicated Jan. 13, 1941, in the in the Terre Haute Branch, Northern States Evansville Branch, Northern States MisSouth Illinois District, Northern States MisMission. sion.

sion. Eugene Houston Henegar, born Apr. 19, Moirie Alford Measley, born Apr. 27,

Arthur Lee Crandall, born May 17, 1920; 1902; (elder) excommunicated Dec. 12, {Concluded on page 604)

M I. A. READING COURSEmutual TTkiAaA. BOOKS REVIEWED

M. I. A. Reading Executives

Books M. I. A. READING COURSE Course In the Gospel Net, page 571, this BOOKS issue; also page 732, December

I DARE YOU 1941 issue 19421943 (William H. Danforth. Printed by the

Executives author. St. Louis, Missouri. 1941. Special Interest

In the Gospel Net 134 pages. $1.25.) Gospel Standards, page 672, NoDr. John A. Widtsoe T'his stimulating book will do much to vember 1941 issue; also page 80,

issue 1941 February set to to help youth accomplish work Interest Special that to the things they do, wanted have MenGleaners Standards Gospel but M tackle. Its to reading public will in this sec- / reviewed You, Dare President Heber

limited to J. Grant hesitatednot youth, be because however, tion, page 594 the Gospel In Net find will adults that learn they too can much Men Dr. John M thinking instead success of failure. A. Widtsoe by Using Missionary Experiences, reviewed the the title of of the book subin many M MenGleaners in this section, page 594 divisions, the his author dares to readers be You / Dare

William H. Danforth bigger than they are, to adventure, to do Gleaners

M Men things,build character,to be strong,to share.to think creatively, to Elizabeth,Queen, reviewedEngland'sin Modernthis

Experiences Missionary section, page 595 find this Gleaners will volume M Men and Edited by Preston Nibley particularly provocative during the Explorers of good

Gleaners next season. M. C. J. Missionary Experiences, reviewed,

Elizabeth England's Modern Queen page 594

Cornelia Spencer MISSIONARY EXPERIENCES Juniors of stories of twentyfive (A collection reviewed auMaud, page 732, DecemExplorers thors. Deseret Salt Lake Book Company, ber 1939. Price reduced from Experiences Missionary City. 1941. pages. 320 $1.00) $3.00 to $1.49 Preston Nibley Edited by

This compilation contains thirtyfour stirScouts

Juniors * ring, impressive, and faithpromoting Lincoln, reviewed in this section, Maud

Edited by Richard Lee Strout leadersaccountsandof missionarymissionariesexperiencesof the Church,by earlyand BeeHivepage Girls595

Scouts by some of our presentday authorities. Clara Barton, reviewed page 549,

Lincoln Brought under one cover by Preston Nibley September 1941 issue

Lucy F. Madison "under the direction of the Presiding BishBee-Hive Girls

Clara Barton Mildred M. Pace

M. I. A. Prepares

Stage Guide "\TS7ritten to encourage drama in the vv twelve hundred fifty Mutual Improvement Associations throughout the

Church A Brief Manual of Theater

Arts by Dr. T. Earl Pardoe, head of

the Brigham Young University speech department, has been published by the

M. I. A. general boards.

The manual contains simplified directions on lighting, arrangement, directing, casting, makeup, and scenery.

Simultaneous with its release is the printing of the fourteenth edition of the

M. /. A. Book of Plays.

M. I. A. Notes

irpHiRTY members of the South Eighteenth Ward, Ensign Stake, Mutuals climbed historic Ensign Peak the evening of July 21, to hear stories of pioneer life told by Elder George Albert

Smith of the Council of the Twelve, and official of the Utah Pioneer Trails and Landmarks Association.

Reed Pope and Margaret Little were in charge of the outing.

1. The Gold and Green Ball held in Great Falls,

Montana. 2. "The Queen's Court"Gold and Green Ball held

in Chicago Stake.

3. Miss Arlene Redd, an enthusiastic BeeHive

girl of Arlington Ward, Los Angeles Stake, with her brood of ten little chicks and the mother hen which she has raised to fill her honor badge in business.

4. Miss Vercy Wilkins, first Golden Gleaner of

the Franklin Ward, Mt. Graham Stake.

5. Class of BeeHive girls with one hundred percent

membership, Fifth Ward, Pocatello Stake.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1942

opric,"authors itwhoseis the worktrue storiesof twentyfiveare moreseparatethrillANSWERS TO "FIRSTS OF THE BIBLE"ON PAGE 546 fiction. boys,ing For young men and than

these 1. Let there be light... Gen. 1:3. 10. The son of Zarephath's daughter of the reading for all the Church,and

evidences of the manner in which the Lord 2. Noah... the ark... Gen. 6:14,... 1 Kings 17:21.

the destinies of the lives shapes and 22.molds

... 11. Ararat Gen. 8:4.

will unforobedient be men, an andhonest. 3. Cain.. City The of Enoch... experience.gettable This been has book 12. After the creation... God. By 4:17. Gen the the reading asadopted A. by M. 3. 2:2, Gen.

.. 4. 1:1. for the thecourse Moses and book Ex-. Num. Men I.M

plorers for the coming year. R. L. B. 5. Abram... Gen. 12:1-6. 13. Repentance... Matt. 4:17.

ELIZABETH, ENGLAND'S 6. When the morning stars sang to14. The defeat of the armies of Israel QUEENMODERN... Judges (Cornelia Spencer. John Day Company, gether... Job 38:7. by the tribe of Benjamin

New York. Illustrated. 1941. 7. Ishmael... Gen. 16:11. 20:26.

pages.210 $2.00.)

. 8... Ex. 15. Song of Moses 15. God save the king... 1 Sam.

reallife the great charwithCLOTHING. 9. 10:24. 32:2... Ex. Jewelry

nor by adulation acteristics—neither

of the particular capabilitycriticism—seems

Cornelia Spencer whose previous book sisters ofabout China the Soong won so WILSHIRE WARD, LOS ANGELES STAKE, VARIETY SHOW course reading as a favorable commentmuch the author In hasbook. this book, found "Chow Off America,"an original finale introduced characters of the Revgifts present queen,the innate of England'sElizabeth, and has written about them in variety show, was presented by a olutionary War, the Civil War, andsuch a way that she both edifies and incast of fifty M Men and Gleaner Girls World War II periods, weaving them

terests her readers. of the Wilshire Ward, Los Angeles into a conclusive pattern of America.

From knowing the essential friendliness Stake, on April 28. It dramatized the Here the voice of America and the

and the sterling worth of Queen Elizabeth, American way of life based on democvoice of opposition saw the things that we gain an additional respect for the counracy, defined by a speech once made America is defending, such as free of her. learningtry produced which By self press, Lincoln, speech, the characof freedom govwas Abraham by who

to eagerness, no, willingness, doher even in terized play: ernment; the opposition asks and when respect gain menial a work,even new we

else?"again the ensemble broke "Whatfor labor.

is It althan word. more a Democracy forth in with song "Come, Come, Ye fine find will charGirls Gleaner many

It alfree intended. as lows agency God Saints,"while this a missionary acteristics reading book. to emulate Mormon by

to leader, because a lows any man C. forward. J. came—M. is free! It puts shackles bind no becomehim-—heLINCOLN presentation the ended The on theme his to a on him want man honor—makes Illustrated. Madison. Foster (Lucy that in only the restored could America others as unto do he them do have would York. Publishing Company.Hampton New forth, gospel that his to brought best nature be unto him. responds and AmerHe 1928. $1.50.) pages. 368

his nature freedom, not ugly through is ica free people, place a a race where will please Lincoln of biography is force. In there through democracy growthThis cannot place or hate creed exist—a fictional folk since the method young perfection. and beauty toward and aim an spirit the of tolerance where has been the the is in characters in developing used That's we're long so what defending—and will defended. and be byproducts are frombook. There many are as what know we we defending—so written play was The by life will of Man Lincoln's of be whicha study fight to for long as wish M keep what we we

original featured Lincoln's Olsen, andlasting unwillingness music value. to—democracy will prove indestructible. Bob

sport of killing should bear for the It Girl kill game Nelson. by Gleaner Betty May

fruit in young lives. His eagerness to do The scenes included navy, farmer, was directed by Norma Jean Wright,

sort that might so hehonest of any work Burdette and Jordan acted as the masspecialty tap South American, and will his family prove himselfhelp and ceremonies. of trio singing; of dances; the ter ensemble and people. His unwavering tovalue young

Harbor, of Pearl a blackout, bombing things believed to thoseadherence which he a CAST OF WILSHIRE WARD VARIETY SHOW first aid station, and an army camp. The in today's "SHOW OFF especial AMERICA"valuewill of prove

changing situations. His courage in the

face of his greatest losses will stimulate others in presentday tragedies. M. C. J.

THE AARONIC PRIESTHOOD

{Continued from page 591) and for the Priesthood, and for the debts of the Presidency of my Church;

"And this shall be the beginning of the

Tithing of my people; and after that, those

who have thus been tithed, shall pay onetenth of all their interest annually; and this

shall be a standing law unto them forever, for my holy Priesthood, saith the Lord.

"Verily, I say unto you, it shall come to pass, that all those who gather unto the land of Zion, shall be tithed of their surplus properties, and shall observe this law, or they shall not be found worthy to abide among you. "And I say unto you, if my people observe not this law to keep it holy, and by this law sanctify the land of Zion unto me, that my statutes and my judgments may be kept thereon, that it may be most holy, behold, verily I say unto you, it shall not be a land of Zion unto you, and this shall be an ensample unto all the Stakes of Zion.

Even so. Amen."

(To be continued) THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1942

TRAVELER'S MOTOR LODGE 1481 SOUTH STATE SALT LAKE'S OUTSTANDING MOTOR COURT New and Strictly Modern LOUIS DESCHAMPS

Air Conditioned Summer—AutomaticFur- ally Heated in Winter—Beautifullyin

Floors and Colored With Carpeted nished BETTERTile THANShowers,THERadiosBEST FreeHOTELS ConvsJtt

FOR LESS

By FRANCIS DESCHAMPS

THE ADVERTISERS HThird PRIZE WINNING STORY * IN SCOUT THEME PROJECT and Where You Will Find CONTEST.

Their Messages

ft.dvised by the family

physician to strike out for the open

Aibers Milling (Friskies)....600 country for his health, Louis DesAlexandria Hotel 584 champs left Valley Field, Montreal,

Arden Sunfreze Creameries 584 Canada, at the age of thirteen and

Beneficial Life Insurance Co. headed into unfamiliar western counBack Cover try. Born of French parents, July 12,

Borden Company 579 1 839, Louis found himself considerably

Brigham Young University 601 handicapped because he knew no other

Continental Oil Company 597 language, as he followed the Mississippi

Deseret Book Store 571 and Missouri rivers en route to St.

Louis.

Deseret Gym 598 acquainted he became met and There Press 606 Deseret News oldthree other Frenchmen, with much

Faultless Starch Co his himself. Since 578 er they spoke than

FelsNaptha Soap 554 language and were traveling in the same

Fuller & Co. 548 direction, he decided to journey with

Glade Candy Co 585 them.

Globe Grain & Milling Company.579 One day a dreadful thing happened.

Gospel Net, In the 584, 601 As the group came near the Missouri acquaintanceship with them and so acGospel Standards 600 River, an Indian squaw was seen kneelcompanied them—not to Pikes Peak as

Hall's Canker Remedy 580 ing on the bank cleaning some fish. was his intention when he left Canada,

City. but to Salt he Here was Lake his gun, the of shouldered men One 552 Heinz, H. J. Co to converted bapand the Church was in said: boastful a maner and Hillam's Shop..602 Costume tized.

KSL Inside Back Cover "Watch me pick her off."

in others of party the the Before S. L. any Business College 551 D. later, Stemarried he Ann trigger, protest, the pulled he had Strauss Levi 603 could sister late Professor the of a Cometimephens, the dead. Indian lay and woman P. Pectin 582 C. M. of the Stephens, onetime leader A Evan Indians of group nearby were who Mapleine 585 at that Choir. Tabernacle She was the the shot rushed heard and upon

Scraper Miskin 545 Works time in the President a of maid home the examining men, and weapons on married Mountain Fuel Supply Brigham were Co Young. They the carried the barrel they of found

Inside Front Cover at Salt Lake. House the Endowment the in in the of gun, still hands warm,

Mountain States Implement Co...604 man who had fired the shot. They then They made their home at Willard, later

Palace Hotel 582 knew which one did the terrible deed, moving to Malad, Idaho, soon after

Par Soap 580 and were so overcome with frenzied that valley was first settled. On a little

Purity Biscuit Company 545 anger they seized the man and began a homestead a few miles west of Malad,

Rancho Soup 583 most cruel torture. The two other men on what was called Devil Creek, they

their later years home. few A this to made compelled and mere were boy Baking Royal 584 Company

settlers together they came, and more on. could look stand and words by No Inc. Stores, Safeway 550

little organized a the gave it and town all, it the the of horror express and Sugar and HardHouse Lumber St. of name John. their the in thought only minds was ware 599 Co

Tea Garden Products....581 realization that this very thing they be- "Louie"Deschamps, as he was called,

Traveler's Motor Lodge 596 held, would be their fate, also. In was one of the leading men in the comthe great tortured soon agony man in agriculture. Later, died, munity he when Pacific Stages Union 598

to surprise the great of the Frenchand his for old sons too farm work, was University 607 of Utah the carried Indians the men, then squaw that his wife, duty, took over and he and Utah Engraving 584 Company leaving amazed. away, them successfully mercantile a small managed

Utah Oil Refining Co...603 Louis then decided he had better seek establishment for the remainder of their

Utah Poultry Producers'Ass'n....602 different companions, and parted with lives. He was the father of eleven chilUtah Power and Light Co.605 the other two men. It so happened at dren, seven of whom were still living at

Utah State Agricultural College.. 549 this time that many companies of Latterthe time of his death, September 20th,

day Saints were leaving St. Louis to 1902. He proved to be a devoted husbegin their long journey westward. This band, a loving father, and a loyal citiyoung lad was only too eager to make zen.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1942

Our Constitution Inspired SaintsChurchshouldtakes berelativeproud toof thethe standmeritsourof wYOU MAY SMOKE"(Concluded from page 565) our great charter of liberty. Such a

the in consulting of on peace portunity 107. p. Health, July 1942, Good position the (From membership should make

felicity. future establishing of our means intelligent, disof the the most Church this item) selected Dr. A. Widtsoe John that powerful forgotten have now we And all in land, tinct the patriots of group longer imagine Friend? no we do we Or

to there as question should be and no assistance?need His Sir Maurice physician, English of conmatter position the An our when the sir, time; lived, long and a I have "** the to in a communication Cassidy, I is stitutional I involved. proofs live law the convincing longer more

see of this truth, that God governs in the London Times {J. A. M. A.), severely

is. such there that affairs fact of the men. deprecates CORRECTION sir, the in sacred. assured,. fighting been "in have the of smoking amount an We

this picture pubInadvertently, was the build writings, the that except Lord have to seem of the men services. Most

I it. in that labor build lished in house, they vain Earl 1942, as the June, Era cigarets, which of supply unlimited an

I that, this, believe firmly also believe and he smoke. to cease never When they sucshall aid, without concurring His we curb to made was attempt asked if any better than this political in building ceed no

is it that told him they addiction, their divided shall the Babel; of builders be we

by our little, partial, local interests, our very difficult not to smoke when everyprojects will be confounded, and we, ourbody is smoking, that their officers selves, shall become a reproach and a bysmoke as much as they do, and that a word down the future ages. And what is lecture generally begins with the words

this unhereafter from worse, mankind may aueverybody smoke,'when 'You may instance, of establishing fortunate despair these cigaret. lights a tomatically Now leave a wisdom, and government by human their fight for to trained being are men it to conquest. chance, and war

for trained being lives. they were Yet I therefore, to beg move

That henceforth prayers imploring the a soccer cup tie or a boat race, their assistance of heaven and its blessings on smoking would be seriously restricted, our deliberations be held in this assembly if not stopped. The cigaret impairs the

every morning before we proceed to busiFRANCIS oxygencarrying capacity of the blood ness, and that one or more of the clergy DESCHAMPS by the carbon monoxide inhaled. At

of this city be requested to officiate in that the same time it often ruins digestion service. and diminishes resistance to respiratory

These are not the words of. a fanatic. A. Checketts, Jr. The picture is of infection. We are rationed in meat,

Benjamin Franklin, by many of his colFrancis Deschamps, third place winner milk, eggs, sugar, butter, and clothing.

leagues, was not even considered as in the M. I. A. Scout theme project Surely, says Sir Maurice Cassidy, the

being a religious man. contest story, which appears in this istime has come to ration tobacco and

With such a background, Latterday sue, on the opposite page. thereby increase our efficiency."

JOIN FREE Elect yourself to the once-a-week battery. His systematic expert atclub at Your Mileage Merchant's tention means troubleprevention.

Conoco station. Choose your own He'll report to you in advance on luregular day to drive in and have him brication and anything that he finds

check your tires, oil, radiator and you need for the duration of your car!

CARE FOR YOUR CAR... FOR YOUR COUNTRY

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1942

71/lcmhcdimL Sunday. Sc/wjoL J>Jwtic

hit of the season in New York erful influences in welding the founda- | OLD TIMER TELLS I HThe

City this year was the annual Mantion of an organization and in sustainhattan ing progress. School "Spring In Sunday and growth Ward New York, I FIRST TIMERFrolic,"held in circus the traveling, distance city of long amid their gym one

atmosphere. must devise attractive social vehicles

The circus atmosphere was not only to maintain contacts and to keep a kept by the decorative murals on the closely knit, well coordinated organizawalls of "the Big Tent,"but by the retion. The Manhattan Ward Sunday

freshments and music as well. In fact

the circus gorilla was operating the elevator the to and from main event. From m

nine o'clock on, everybody's it was grand time. It moved forward quickly

HOW TO USE throughit closedallonthea seriousphases ofnotea circus.with everyThen

one joining in singing "Come, Come Ye the benediction. followed by I Saints,"

This successful party was planned SUNDAY SCHOOL STAFF OF MANHATTAN WARD executed and the Manhattan by Ward first planning You're your "So trip, Well, son? %bus here are some 1 staff: School Leslie its Sunday School is frequently for recognized H. Wadstips: timely your bus See worth, superintendent; visit- B. Gardhospitality and Mark toward members in your advance.(1) agent (2) Get

tickets early. traveling (3) first Do your 1 ner, counselor; and Allando is the annual

weekdays. on only (4) take And lantyne, counselor, second the enjoyif who believeJ. Balpartyors. Onewhichof ititssponsorscustomsfor suitcase, possible. one

that friendship and confidence are powment of its members and their guests.

union pacific THE SIGNERS OF THE CONSTITUTION STAGES (Continued from page 563) He fathered the provisions in VirAlmighty Being who rules over the ginia's Bill of Rights, copied by other universe, who presides in the counstates: "That religion, or duty we owe

cils of nations, and whose providento our Creator, and the manner of disit, can be directed only by reaaids can supply every human decharging mmmA tial conviction, force son and and not by fect."

Washington importuned similar violence;equally entitledand, therefore,to the freeallexercisemen areof

sentiments on other occasions, inreligion according to the dictates of cluding his famous farewell address. conscience."

That Washington kept before him Elected a member of the first Virginia

E WAR OR PEACE thatscience""sparkis attestedof celestialby Johnfire—conMar- legislatureMadison "failedunder ofitsreelectionnew constitution,because

shall, justice the eminent the of solicit refused to Suhe votes or strength The of the nation is 11 to furnish for whiskey thirsty five Court, voters."preme volumes who wrote its in manhood.

first life. the president's on says, Madison defended He free agency

Only when properly trained "No man has ever appeared upon ligion in his state on other occasions,in reand physically fit, can men the theater of human best serve themselves action whose9 andlatedhisinto"ReligiousFrench andFreedomItalian,Act,"was transwide- and integrity incorruptible."was more

their country. To frail, scholarly James Madison ly read and commented upon in Europe.

THE DESERET GYMNAof Virginia has been accorded the This same Madison, it was, who drew

SIUM is maintained and distinguished title of "Father of the up the groundwork for the Constituequipped to help build roConstitution."Physically and mention, who was historiographer for its

convention, successfully chamand who bust, vigorous different manhood. quite tally, he was from

its ratification pioned in in Virginia face slight being of build is to maintain, Its aim imWashington, of formidable such opposition as Patprove and safeguard health and never a general but always a rick Henry and Richard Henry Lee.

by a wise, scientific and brilliant student. Madison, like

pleasant program, in a Washington, however, was favored "VTo man did more for the Constiturich a religious with background clean, environwholesome tion of the United that States did several which occasions on asment and among choice little shaped a sandyhaired, figure handsome sociates. his thinking—and that of whole legwith piercing grayblue eyes, and

islative halls! classic pointed, nose had come up who Conditioning classes, Madison studied for the ministry. The States to the as a youth the from West with free games, swimming, language to appealed him. Hebrew He Indies. Alexander Hamilton, was He expert instruction, the year "'explored history evithe whole and other, than responwho, any more was around. of Christianity dences side'- every on calling sible for the of the ConstitutionJoin the Gym. a feature which bore fruit in his early al Convention, and who was perhaps

years in the legislature, freedom of conits most forceful exponent in bringing being established law in by its states. several the adoption Virabout by THE science

ginia largely labors by own thirty of at the years But age Con10 Madison's influence."and vention, prodiindeed Hamilton a was DESEHET GYMNASIUM

H. C. MORTENSEN, Mgr. AmericaBJohn Marshall,(Vets, of "TheForeignDeathWars),of Washington,"Vol. IV, p. 251.in gy. By the time he was fifteen years

10Sarah K. Bolton, Famous American Statesmen, nJohn Fiske, Presidents of the United States, edited

pp. 157-8. by J. G. Wilson, pp. 161-2.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1942

THE SIGNERS OF THE CONSTITUTION old he had worked his way up to the the cause of America and what is the will, as he believed, appear once more, office of assistant manager in a trading cause of France/'1 in a new and more beautiful edition, business in the Indies. At that age he Two years before his death, Hamilcorrected and amended by the Auwrote an account of a hurricane on ton, then "an elder statesman"at the thor.""

the islands which won him immediate age of fortyfive, wrote to a friend, Franklin gave expression to this hisrecognition and the urge of friends to James A. Bayard, suggesting methods torical thought during the most trying

seek fortunes in the colonies. for building up the Federalist party. In days of the Convention: "Mr. President,

One of Hamilton's earliest and warmpart, he said: "Let an association be the small progress we have made after

est friends was a Presbyterian minister, formed to be denominated 'The Chrisfour or five weeks... is, methinks, a

the Reverend Hugh Knox, whose teachtian Constitutional Society.'Its objects melancholy proof of the imperfection

ings no doubt made a lasting impression to be: 1st. The support of the Chrisof human understanding... In this situit the boy. ason induced Reverend groping the assembly, religion. ation of tian Knox of the support 2d The

. sir, that to the States,Hamilton to go and has it happened, when States."Constitution were of the.. how United

Alexander departed he took with him When Hamilton's wife, Elizabeth we have not hitherto once thought of a few belongings, including a box of Schuyler Hamilton, died fiftytwo years humbly applying to the Father of lights, books given him by the minister. after her husband, a little bag was found to illuminate our understanding?...

In many respects, Hamilton as an tied around her neck. In it was a faded The longer I live, the more convincing

I this David.American a modern was of see God He love verses he paper containing had proofs truth,-—that

brilliant in expression, affairswas fearless, of in the men."15 governs years before. writen her seventyfour

full of honor and integrity, though his Though he was advanced in years, impetuousness sometimes led him to Benjamin Franklin gave to the Conven- '"P'o go down the line of other illustrious err. Through his life are incidents tion added prestige, profound thought, * personalities signing the Constituwhich reveal the importance he gave and its clearest expression of the overtion, one finds many examples of charto spiritual affairs. ruling providence of God at the gathacters strengthened by religious experiIn 1793, he wrote concerning the ering. Franklin once presented a picences. Roger Sherman, the only man

French Revolution, which he abhorred: turesque explanation of immortality by to sign the four great documents of

"... When I find the doctrines of athewriting his own epitaph: "The body Revolutionary days (Articles of Assoism openly advanced in the convention of Benjamin Franklin, printer, (like the ciation of 1774, Declaration of Indewith loud applause... when I behold cover of an old book, its contents torn pendence, Articles of Confederation,

the hand of rapacity outstretched to out, and stript of its lettering and gild- (Concluded on page 600) prostrate and ravish the monuments of ing), lies here food for worms. Yet

religious worship erected by those citithe work itself shall not be lost, for it "Bernard Fay, Ftanklin, the Apostle of Modern p. 116. Times, their ancestorszens... I acknowland

Constitution"of the isjames "Framing Madison, that glad to believeedge I am Vol. Foreign Wars), (Vets, of there is 253-4.Henry Cabot Lodge, Alexander Hamilton, pp. in Americano real semblance between what was Ibid., p. 264. 124-5. IV. pp.

Let's Give This Man a HOME This man is only one of thousands of vital War

Workers in the Salt Lake area who cannot find housing. Time is too short, materials too

precious to build entirely new structures. And

so it's up to us to go "all out"... to modernize

basements, attics, sleeping porches (in fact any habitable structure) to the end that the war effort does not falter. Enlist your property for

Victory. We'll gladly give details. Call in,

write, or phone today!

FHA MODERNIZATION LOANS

terms. $2000 on attractive Up to 5 to 7 Suqnr House Lumber

to repay. years Our famous ONESTOP

Co. Hardware p& all with help you can BUILDING SERVICE

21 6-8601 1174 E. SO. DIAL

details of finanmaterials, planning and cing. M. O. ASHTON, Pres. HORACE B. RICHARDS. Mgr.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1942

THE SIGNERS OF THE CONSTITUTION

{Concluded [rom page 599) tative from North Carolina at the Conand the Constitution), and author of vention, studied theology prior to enthe famous Compromise Plan at the tering medicine, and was once licensed

Convention, was a profound student of to preach in Connecticut. He also

theology. He published such papers as served in the Continental Congress

(1784-6) and Short Sermon on Self- A the Duty of A inGeorgiathe firstdelegate,United AbraStates Examination to Preparatory and Re Congress. Baldwin, in chaplain the ham a was ceiving the Lord's Supper. A devout war. to the delegate a was He later Congregationalist, contributed he heavily to the building of the chapel at Yale Continental Congress, member of the

of Representatives, the Senand University. Dr. William Samuel JohnHouse

president ate, and founder and first was son, another outstanding delegate, studied for the ministry, and his apof the University of Georgia.

pointment as first president of Columbia "He was a staunch believer in revealed religion and College tra- a departure from the was causes,"wealth to all good a liberal16 giveris theofwayhis ditional practice of choosing college presidents from the clergy. He was a one biographer characterizes William

delegate. other the Few, Georgia He in leading the layman Anglican Church. Q. do What you mean—"a comfirst his state's of United States one Brearly, representative David from was

plete dog food"? senators. delegate to the a Jersey, Episwas New

Ftiskies contains ingre19 essential A. copal General of of the Convention other evidences of 1786 and Sheaves

all dients require dogs for vigorous helped compile of faith spiritual integrity the prayer book. practical and health. these are good meat Among

meal, liver meal and meat scraps, Thomas Fitzsimons of Pennsylvania, these founding fathers could be cited.

with specially prepared cereals, a strong supporter of Hamilton's views Indeed the framers of the Constitumilk, minerals dried skimmed and in the largest government, was "raised single tion this very up unto were men all in adequate vitamins—amounts. contributor erection to the of St. AugusFranklin with purpose."Benjamin saw

Q. Why is Friskies the only food tine's Church in Philadelphia, and Richprophetic eyes as he observed, lookmy dog needs? ard Bassett, who was not only a Coning up at a painting of a rising sun im-

A. Because Friskies provides a balanced stitutional delegate but later served as mediately behind the president's chair,

diet, contains food essentials so Delaware's senator (178995) and as the last delegates signed the docunecessary to strong teeth and bones, Governor (17991801), was an enthument: "I have often, and often in the

pep and energy, a healthier coat. siastic Methodist. He paid approxicourse of this session, and the vicissi-

Q. Is Friskies thrifty? mately half of the cost of the first Methtudes of my hopes and fears as to its

A. Yes, Friskies is economical because odist Church in Dover. issue, looked at that behind the presiit's 90% solid food, only 10% moisJames McHenry, delegate from dent without being able to tell whether

ture. There's no waste in Friskies'Maryland, who had served as major in it was rising or setting; but now at

easy to feed, and easy to digest comWashington's army who was that the happiness length to know I have pressed cubes. for of Secretary Washington's choice sun."1 not a setting and it is a rising

edited by Biography, American "Dictionary of 352. Vol. VI, p. Malone, START FUPIN6 PBISMU TODAY! Warfirst Biblein 1796,Societyservedfoundedas presidentin Baltimoreof the Dumas

Jr., Benjamin Franklin, p. 405. FREE BOOK! (1813). Hugh Williamson, represen17John T. Morse,

32 pages of vital information about the feeding and EARLY CANADIAN BAPTISMS care of your dog.

Friskies, Write: Fielding's, an at called Joseph Mr. 55 Continued page ( from 1 We Bldg., 1069 Stuart Taylor's. of friend Mr. acquaintance and readily Taylor and his accepted. Seattle, John Wash. ladies, sisters, young had two This man daughter of George was the wife, who their house from ran seeing us coming who

of grandfather George Cannon, Q. and lest they houses, the neighboring to one of BV AMPvrrauMAKrAltOCiATKHtSANIMAL KOSP/TAimedical \J to greatly imcountenance Cannon, were or give welcome, Angus M. should

pressed by the message they heard, "Mormonism."Mr. Fielding stayed, and

with the result that they became memas we entered the house he said he was our opposed had come. sorry had He we bers of the Church, Taylor and John

and, neighborhood; in the meetings holding assist in the Pratt to Elder commenced the that prejudice, Methodthe great so was ministry. held meetings and Other were against closed ist house meeting was

A lifetime of Church progress many gathered to hear the new docand the minister refused, on Sunday, us,to summarized trines. The Lord poured out His Spirit give out the appointment sent by the

upon Elder Pratt; the sick were healed; farmer.

enemies were silenced; and the right- "Ah!"said I, "Why do they oppose

said, don't "I he know,"Mormonism?"converted. eous were GOSPEL

contemptible the a has such "but name it in there that happened were Now thing, another not and, want do sound; we city the the of Toronto by a man STANDARDS conreligion revelation, or a a new new

his Fielding of two and name Joseph is I, "if that said Bible."to trary the "Oh!"By sisters, had and Mercy. They Mary all, prejudices. shall your soon remove we

President Heber J. Grant come from England, having been acCome, call home your sisters, and let's have

quainted with John Taylor, and were some supper. Did you say the appoint-

* members of his congregation. John ment was not given out?""I said, sir, that

Taylor accompanied Elder Pratt to the it was not given out in the meetinghouse, minister, the farmer nor but the by by intropeople these of and good Publication home An "Era"at it sent to it agreed have you whom Fielding. to Elder duced him Joseph his for then, house."your send "Come

visit interPratt's this $2.25 to an was home sisters, will with take supper and you, we

esting one, and a part of this interview all go over to meeting together. If you and

is given in his words: your sisters will agree to this, I will agree

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1942

EARLY CANADIAN BAPTISMS to preach the old Bible gospel, and leave part of his congregation, he turned all out revelations are opposed which new against them further and denied them.".. to The Strongest Weapon of his use church. honest Theit. young man consented. The

Fielding, shortly arafter she Mary ladies home, came got supper us a good rived in Kirtland, the wife became and all went to the meeting. of For Today and the Patriarch Smith, the and Hyrum

The result of this meeting was that the mother of President Joseph F. Smith.

eyes of Joseph Fielding and his sisters Her life was one filled with tragedy and were opened and they were convinced tribulation, but through it all she never Tomorrow of the truth. Shortly after they were faltered. She was one of the noble

strongest Today's weawar called to suffer extremely uponbaptized to Kirtland. and moved The women

is INTELLIGENCE p o n for the sake the gospel. ofbaptism of these Her converts Canadian technical with knowlloyalty edged

took place in the stream pictured here, and integrity stamped upon the soul of edge, courage, and vision.

which ran through the farmland owned her youthful son the lesson which greatAmerica asks the universiby Isaac Russell, who also received the ly aided in forming his character and ties for more young people message. The Russell farm became the his devotion to the Church. The other equipped with it.

gathering place of these new converts. sister, Mercy, married Elder Robert B. Fortunately this same weaWhen the first missionaries were sent Thompson, who at the time of his death pon will best serve its posto Great Britain, Joseph Fielding and in Nauvoo, was secretary to the Prophsessors in the struggles and

Isaac Russell were members of that et Joseph Smith. Both of these sisters opportunities of the peace

group. Joseph Fielding piloted the crossed the plains without faltering, to come.

group, under Elder Heber C. Kimball, without complaint, through all the hardBrigham Young University

to Preston, where the Reverend James ships of those trying times. The deprovides technical training

Fielding, a brother of Joseph Fielding, scendants of these good people are nuin aviation, mechanics, business; economics, home merous, of pastor Church. the Vauxhallwas

in bacteriology, chemistry, the Church. the first converts wereHere European and Wemanydoofwellthemto areshowactivehonorin mathematics, physics,

made in this dispensation. The Revto such characters and the multitude ology, premedical and prezo-

erend James Fielding received his brothof faithful souls who helped to lay the dental studies; in a score of

er and the other missionaries kindly, foundation of the work of the Lord in other subjects essential to but when they took from him a large those days of tribulation and suffering. a successful war effort. Emphasis is placed upon the

development of strong charGOSPEL TENT CAMPAIGN acter and spirituality.

{Concluded from page 558) and hauled it away a distance of filled the air the soul of melody. with miles. several unlawful This and AllYear Wartime inspiration given andThe charm by violent act the honorable men moved

that sweet musical bird was a brilof the city to righteous indignation. Education

liant prelude to the service. Georgia's In a letter to the mission president Autumn Quarter

poetlaureate, Frank L. Stanton, who they proffered financial aid to proseRegistration:

is the well acquainted with melody that cute outrage. the of perpetrators September 25, 26, 28 folbird,of it the pays the mocking beto that sequel went which The

lowing tribute: fore came a few days later. An undidn't music 194243 For much know catalogue, He fortunate crazed a business man, by

first along; he came address When

felt that in deal he he had which all the birds wondering An'went President The shot cheated, amuck. ran didn't sing he song. been a He Why

They primped their feathers in the sun, to death several men and among their sweetest notes; sang An'that the of leaders alleged them were YOUNG BRIGHAM jest the music An'run on come tent. gospel the raid midnight upon

all their throats. pretty From

city that In the of the Lord work still silent the bird But was UNIVERSITY reshas apace, numerous and grown fall, In the an'time summer Provo. Utah joy idents gladness with and still have jest listened. set an'He

An'he wouldn't sing at all! received the gospel.

But on one night when the songsters The gospel tent campaign lasted still, tired out an'Were alyear, about a was much prejudice the valley An'the sighed wind down the tent layed meetwherever and hill creeping the An'went up halls held, public frequentings were the all atremble stars were When elders to the offered without IN THE GOSPEL NET ly were fields In the of blue, dreaming

An'the daisy in the darkness a rental charge. Nonmembers asFelt the fallin'o'the dew sisted in defraying the expenses that +

There came sound a o'melody in that incurred were tour. The city A Gospel Gem mortal heard, ever No officials, the exception noted, with

all An'the birds singing seemed

From the throat o'one sweet bird. were fair in selecting sites for the By Dr. John A. Widtsoe

Then the other birds went May in'gospel tent. The elders in charge

In a land too fur to call; of this strenuous work acquitted *

Fer there weren't no use in staying themselves very creditably. ScornWhen one bird could sing for all! ing the empty words of philosophy, An "Era"Publication

Tn a certain city, in the dead of they preached with power the gospel night, a band of disguised maraudthat was once delivered to the Saints, $1.25

ers allegedly led by a policeman and and the Lord blessed their work with two city officials, wrecked the tent abundant success.

.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1942

ON THE BOOK RACK TlaiuAsiL {Concluded from page 580) continents friends. Also as a naturalist,

deserve wide reading nowadays. This Mrs. Harkness makes the country live in

that. fact, Brewster, the does book Mrs. In all and its beauty C. /. its fearsomeness.—M.

will of heroine Springs, Inner chapadd aHEALTHDEFENSE IN THEIR TWENTIES FAMOUS ter to delightful the of book who women (Charlotte Association Press, Himber. life to life in been coming have beyond

(pjCtxJuUfSL modern literature. She takes her place along New York. 1942. 128 pages. $1.50.)

with such delightful persons as MiniMrs.

ver, Mrs. All of Appleyard. lend them the IN thethe authorForewordstatesto thatthis peoplestirringchosenvolume,in

correct emphasis to true values by wholethis book were chosen by young people someness of their outlook on life in general themselves who constituted her "editorial

interests the of these divergent as famous IN"MILK WHITE"andADVENTURESon family life in particular. M. C. /. board."Then they were interviewed, and qualities that certain there folk were, were SPANISH CONVERSATIONAL

to in they they love possessed common: (O. Aviles Luis Perez. S. Bandy and

selfpersistent; are they are they

Atlanta, Turner Co., E. Smith Ga. work; & "neither confident; are they happy—and pages. 207 $1.60.) material possessions have nor money any

their current interest to in learning happiness."with anything the SpanAnd do EGG The

likeness: sucadditional "most ish of them this clever language book an makes CONTAINS in era of depression."ceeded especially significant. an first section deals The

with the grammar, idioms, and vocabulary; Among those discussed are: Alec TemMarble, Paul pleton, Lowell Thomas, Alice the second, Aventures with Las de Don VITAMINS

In is Robeson, BourkeWhite. and Margaret latter section Canuto This y Agapito. A, B 1#D, G, E, K,

for sound health and richbook ininformationSpanish idioms.concerningThroughoutthe Latinthe greater,their livestheythewillreaderfind willambitionsfind strugglesthat wouldbut

disease resistance American peoples is inserted. not be downed. Stimulating reading is asThis book will prove of great worth to sured both old and young in Famous in those who are eager to speak Spanish as Their Twenties.—M. C. /.

in is spoken Latin MINERALS C. J. America.—M. DAYS OF OFELIA THE... for bones sound

Illustrated. (Gertrude Diamant. HoughDIARY and PANGOANit teeth proper and body Mifflin ton Boston. 1942. Illustrated. Company, Harkness. (Ruth Creative

functions... contains calAge Press, New York. 1942. 226 pages. $2.75.)

cium, phosphorus, iron, 295 pages. $2.50.) Ofelia Escoto was a little Mexican girl

copper, potassium, and "P) uth Harkness made a name for herself who took the author under her wing magnesium. Tv when she went into the remote regions when Miss Diamant went househunting.

of China and brought back the first panda Strangely enough Ofelia became the theme to be removed successfully. In Pangoan of the author's song, for through this young

the everyfamily, she learned her experigirl relates her and Diary, Mrs. Harkness PROTEINS

living: they little of for the silvergray Mexican seeking.. ence in how day. ways for bodybuilding and

feel, wear. eat and of Peru. what they than. think and is more But the book repair. bear

this delightful intimacy it is about travel is a There a mere book; a moving human

worth that the book well indicating the document, differences makes that volume All in a Perfect These the to introduction friendly reading Americans as a North to meet be prepared must... Natural Package in land of fiestas and cathedrals. the and surmount M. C. making J. two western

A Milk White Egg UTAH POULTRY PRODUCERS'PROMONTORY

COOP. ASS'N. (Continued from page 560) resenting the construction forces of

W. M. Shilling of Ogden, under the the two companies, each brought forsupervision of Western Union Suward its rail for the final connection.

perintendent W. B. Hibbard, sat at To Vice President T. C. Durant of

the key. the Union Pacific, Commissioner F.

The actual laying of the last rails A. Trytle of Nevada presented a

and the driving of the final spikes spike of silver from the Comstock were accomplished just before noon. lodes. Governor Safford of AriThe last tie, of polished native mazona had a spike of gold, silver, and

hogany, or laurel, was eight feet iron; Utah and Montana furnished

long, eight inches wide, and six inspikes of silver and gold. President

ches thick, and bore an inscribed Leland Stanford of the Central Pasilver plate seven inches long and cific was given the privilege of drivspike previously den been bored had to this telegraphed message was tie,.. in this which by was donated WE REN six inches wide. Holes for the goling the golden spike. Immediately Grant at WashingPresident U. S.

REASONABLE CHARGES Evans, the Central Pacific contracton, D. C:

PATRIOTIC COSTUMES tor. In addition to the tie there was Promontory Summit, Utah,

HISTORICAL COSTUMES the last spike of solid gold, of reguMay 10, 1869. PIONEER COSTUMES

PERIOD COSTUMES is driven. last is laid, rail last the spike The size, long, inches about seven SUITS lation TUXEDO AND FORMAL is completed. The Railroad Pacific ETC. BEARDS, WIGS, of presented Herves by David the of miles San pointThe of is 1,086 junction west

Parade, Pageant, For Your spike Francisco. of the The value Missouri River and 690 miles east of SacraPlay or Opera reportset by Sacramento news was City. mento

CAUTION—Order Early ers at $413. The silverheaded maul LELAND STANFORD

for driving the golden spike into the Central Pacific Railroad

Hillam's Costume Shop laurel tie had been presented by the T. C. DURANT SIDNEY DILLON

DUFF Salt Lake City, Utah Pacific Union Express Company. JOHN

Picked crews of track layers, repUnion Pacific Railroad

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1942

Promontory

'T'he two engines, Central Pacific's

The Jupiter ( No. 60 ) and Union

Pacific's No. 119, were uncoupledfrom their trains and bearing clingDRAIN

ing hordes of spectators, alternately the connections. overpassed

in the the spikes of preSummer-Worn Oi Later day cious metal and the laurel tie were removed from the track, and a regulation tie and spikes were substituted. Souvenir seekers now came NOW...from far and near to hack at the

ordinary tie and rails. It is a matter

of history that they destroyed six Refill with Fresh Clean ties and two rails before the spot was left to slower destruction by the elements of nature.

The laurel tie and the famous gold spike were taken back to California.

The tie was destroyed in the San

Francisco earthquake and fire ofApril, 1906. The spike is still a ICO

museum piece. Now more than ever, your motor must have proper lubricaThe coming of the railroad to tion. Regular draining of old oil and refilling with Vico

Utah wrought a great many changes. every 1000 miles—will give your engine the protection

Mining now proved profitable. A against wear that you want it to have.

broad market for Utah products was now obtainable where there had Vico provides safe lubrication. It's the balanced oil, posbeen only limited opportunity before. sessing the qualities an oil must have to do its job under

railroad of the coming meantThe an every operating condition. It will save you money—save prairie crossing the plains byend to

schooner, and the various means your car from excessive wear.

used by the Saints in the twentytwo-year previous period. But it Drive in for

did not increase the immigration of

Saints to Utah. Perpetual Emigratan oil change

ing Fund statistics record that during the eightyear period before the at this six thouof the railroad,completion fortyfour more sign of service...sand six hundred

emigrants came to Utah than in the eightyear period following the completion of the railroad. IN PEW*6*

With the opening of the Lucin cutoff across Great Salt Lake in Utah Oil Refining Company Stations 1904, transcontinental trains went to and Dealers in Its Products "sea by rail"and the Promontory unit became a branch line. EVERYWHERE IN UTAH AND IDAHO

Curiously enough, one of the arguments for the Pacific Railroad Act of 1862 was the protection of the western coast against the possibilities AMERICA'S FINEST OVERALLof foreign invasion. One of the reasons for the abandonment of the last SINCE 1853

link of the original road in 1942 is to obtain the old rails for new spur tracks to serve defense industries. there's a reasonLEVI'S

As the salvage crews reached the No others Wear like LEVI'S!

site of the golden spike, special services were attended by remaining pioneers and officials of state. As PAIR FREE NEW LEVI STRAUSS. A settledthey left, Promontory down IF RIP THEY that of sleep, dreaminginto deep

one day back in 'sixtynine when scratch CONCEALED COPPER RIVETS ON BACK POCKETSthe eyes of the world were turned upon her.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1942 wDESERET NEWS TROUBADOURS"MAKE HISTORY The Church Moves On (Concluded from page 575) Don Priestley who assisted in the {Concluded from page 593)

Utah's pioneer newspaper has alorganization has faithfully rehearsed 1912; excommunicated Apr. 18, 1941, in the

ways had singers among its employees, the men each Monday with Wilford Toledo Branch, Northern States Mission.

and immediately after its founding, Craven as assistant director. Martin Enid Mortenson, born Apr. 23,

Feb. 16, (elder) excommunicated 1900; Priestley Director his wife 15, and prominent 1850, soloists andJune Myn Branch, California 1941, in the Douglas soloist, unusdeserve in soprano for Whiting,leaders music gained popularity Mission.

the paper by means of song. ual credit for they have missed but few Etta Chadduck Mulkey, born Sept. 27,

\Vith this introduction it is no wonconcerts and Mr. Craven, Miss Murk 1894; excommunicated July 10, 1941, in the

der that on January 18, 1938, a group and the many artists and speakers who East Oklahoma District, Central States Misof employees met and organized a male have given of their time are greatly apsion.

chorus, with Frank Craven as presipreciated. Edward Everett Nolan, born Nov. 14,

dent; Ross Fox, manager; Don PriestAn idea of the permanent and solid 1877; excommunicated Apr. 27, 1941, in the

States MisCentral Billings North Branch,ley, director; Petersen, personnel of the chorus character Mrs. may Emma

sion. data of the followingwife present obtained E. from Pebe Manager Mark 9, born Tune Nolan, Elizabeth Marthatersen, S. secof the L. accompanist; All are Young, D. Leo members in the 1941, 27, Apr. 1914; excommunicated

retary, and Charles Hunt, librarian. Church and practically all hold some Billings Branch, North Central States MisMiss Bessie Murk later became accomoffice in the Priesthood. A majority sion.

panist and has continued ever since. have been on foreign missions, nearly Mary Elizabeth Kusch Nolan, born Dec.

Their first public appearance was in all hold some office in Church organ25, 1887; excommunicated Apr. 27, 1941,

States Central North the Billings Branch,the presiin 28th stake April 10, of a Sunday, 1938, Ward, member izations—a

Mission. that since counselor, presidentsand time a bishop's in dency, they sung have

5, Jan. born Oakley, Prescott Alice Maudpractically in Priesthood Salt every quorums, counselors of and ward Lake the in 8, 1940, Jan. 1894; excommunicatedCity. secretaries, special teachers, superintendents recently busses took Two Mission. British Branch, Handsworththe chorus, thirtyof organizations, auxiliary of composed heads now and ex1894; 18, born Jan. Oakley, George

seven men to Ogden, and special trips choir leaders and home missionaries, communicated Jan. 8, 1940, in the Handsby individual cars have been taken to and so on through a long list. One man worth Branch, British Mission.

Provo, Ogden, Draper, Kaysville, and has been with The Deseret News for John William Oakley, born May 11, 1891;

Syracuse. They have sung over KSL more than fifty years and the average is excommunicated Jan. 1, 1940, in the Handsand KDYL. sixteen years. worth Branch, British Mission.

ex1883; 12, Sept. Persick, born Willie officers least at presented recently been have have two They New

in the Holden 1941, 26, June communicated thiselected for extras. organization as follows each month, and programs many Mission. Branch, Texas just in president; furnishpride E.Kenneth Bourne, taken have Con They 1905; 20, born Jan. Ramsdorf, WilhelmHarrison, vicepresident; ing as well as the speaker music a on Eddy, Lee 1941, 3, February excommunicated (elder)

secretary; and Leo Young continues as the program when the occasion is proin the Joinville Branch, Brazilian Mission.

treasurer; Bessie Murk, pianist, and pitious. Their message always is one of Bessie O. Rhoades, born Dec. 1, 1892;

Werner H. Rossberg, assistant accomgood will and a stand for good music excommunicated June 9, 1941, in the Munice

panist. and the better things in life. Branch, Northern States Mission.

OLIVER BRINGS THEM OUT FAST AND CLEAN

An Oliver Lifter mounted directly on the Oliver 70 sixcylinder highcompression tractor brings out sugar beets without cutting or bruising—and brings them out fast. Every beet comes out

in a loose ball of dirt that will keep it sweet for days. Whether

crops are light or heavy, this combination handles them perfectly. Sturdy is the word for Oliver.

JhsL J>wn0MA, 2-fl ftjototo (biqqstitA. X:

The elevators on the sturdy Oliver potato diggers have high, smooth sides. The points are easily lifted or lowered with I

springbalanced levers. Shielded power takeoff drive; positive

depth control; low hitch point for light draft; beams are short,

strong and well braced; extra long lasting elevator chain. 1

DROP IN TO SEE OUR OLIVER EQUIPMENT

MOUNTAIN STATESOGDEN, UTAH IMPLEMENT CO

Branches: UTAH—Ogden, Logan, Tremonton.

IDAHO—Preston, Blackfoot, Shelley, Idaho Falls, Rexburg, Rupert, Twin Falls, Buhl.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1942

PRESIDENT J. REUBEN CLARK, JR., FARMER

{Continued from page 557) Salt Lake, are seven hundred eightysix acres of land, partially irrigated by flowing wells, some of which will come under the plow, while the remainder will serve as winter pasture, along with grazing rights on Stansbury island. His grazing rights,

pastures, and hay production will enable him to run about two hundred head of cattle.

It is not an excessively large farm.

Many farmers have larger ones and apparently more prosperous ones. HINTS However though acreage and fertility are important, the manner in on the care of your

which a farm is used is of greatest

Clark parts of the importance. The the hdbuxL in of the policy farm fit together,

owner, to make the farm as nearly as possible a selfsustaining property. Joo&i&A,

For example, all the work horses on the farm are brood mares, thus the Avoid overheating.

horsepower needed is a product of Never immerse the toastthe farm itself. Likewise, the farm

produces the winter feed necessary er in water.

Clean toaster only when cold. Use a cloth wrung

out in warm soapy water.

Clean the inside of the THIS GRASS. MICHAEL

GRASS HAS WHICH THE APPEARANCEIS A SEEDBEARINGOF RYE, toaster occasionally.

AND IS ADAPTED TO BOTH GRAZING AND

HARVESTING DURING THE SAME YEAR. IT ISA Use a soft brush to rePERENNIAL GROWING ON DRY WHICH IS LAND move the crumbs. Be SOUTH10 MILES IN THE FOOTHILLS ABOUT

WEST OF THE GRANTSVILLE FARM. MICHAEL

GRASS STANDS APPROXIMATELY 36 INCHES careful not to bend or

HIGH ON DRY LAND. injure the heating elebeen chosen with great care. Horses, ments.

pigs, poultry bred and CLARK, PRESIDENT more profitable—anare high cows,—therefore BESIDE A LARGEJ. REUBEN STACK OF WILDJR.,HAYSTANDINGAT HIS working! Keep 'em other everyto farmers example GRANTSVILLE FARM.

where. machinery The farm fits the * for the animals on summer range. of the places farmed. special needs

The idea is to have the flow of cash The endeavor to build a farm intelFor service or repair of appliances—

toward, not out of the farm. The ligently prosperity without toward See Your Electric Dealer of selfcontainment a is as law is great or needless expenditure,

foundation stone of social, economic everywhere evident. or Utah Power & Light Co.

welfare. The accompanying illustrations

The livestock on the farm has (Concluded on page 607)

Old Church Books Wanted For enlarging its library of reference works, "THE IMPROVEMENT

ERA"is interested in purchasing copies of earlier Church publications including

THE MILLENNIAL STAR JOURNAL OF DISCOURSES TIMES AND SEASONS and other significant Church books.

Write CLARKPRESIDENT THE ERA IMPROVEMENT

HIS WITH Street 50 North Main PERPUREBREDIS SEEN Salt City, Utah Lake

STALLION.CHERON

dates, names, and give volume numbers and conditions of books offered.

. '. ''..:..

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1942

SOLUTION TO AUGUST PUZZLE Scriptural Crossword PuzzleThe Sermon On The Mount

"And seeing the multitudes, he went up into a mountain: and when he was set,

his disciples came unto him: And he opened his mouth, and taught them, saying."

:;::—Matt. 5:1, 2.

Vi/eddtfig

Invitations ACROSS ana 1 "but... be cast out"35 Climbing shrub

3 "... are the merciful"36 Animal

bird treeJ/Lnnouncements 108 MotherMan 3839 AsiaticBlack 11 Part of Massachusetts 40 "... they shall be comforted"

We are prepared to serve 1213 Book"Ye...of Oldthe Testamentsalt of the earth"4442 Old"for note... shall be filled"

.

I the modern bride with the 1716 "to"Ye...are.am. lightashamed"of theLukeworld"16: 3 4546 OneHebrewwhomonthexcels Neh. 6: 15

smartest wedding sta2018 Changeling"the... is not yet"Matt. 24: 6 4849 From"for they... obtain mercy"

tionery obtainable...1 22 "keep thyself..."1 Tim. 5: 22 51 "... his own soul"Matt. 16: 26

23 "your Father which is.., heaven"52 Slave

fully aware that her cho25 Note 53 "... with him twain"

sen one may be in the 2826 "evenDistribute... your Father which is in 5655 A"maymatter... your good works"

..."service of his country with 29 Telluriumheaven is perfect"57 "called the children of a minimum of time at his 30 "lowly in..."Matt. 11: 29 One of the Beatitudes is 3, 13, 16, 22,

33 Near the ear 23, 30, 40, 42, 49, 56, and 57 combined disposal for a wedding.

Prompt, courteous attenDOWN. 24 New tion to all orders. Call in 21 ThePercolate"sermon"contains... 27 "appoint the... over the tabernacle

person or write. 3 Snake, of testimony"; live set (anag.)

4 Palmetto State 31 Acres collectively 5 Jesus, wearied with his journey, 32 The whole "... thus on the well"34 Twelfth president of the U. S.

6 "the sons of..."Jer. 40: 8 37 New England state

The Deseret [lews Press 78 River"he wentin Scotlandup into a..."4041 AppearancesOh (Irish andof anScot.)object (Ref. Sp.)

29 Richards Street 149 PublicRoad notice 4743 EmployerFish

...."Matt. 26 51 50 "and, Salt Lake City. Utah 1519 Containing"smote off hisiron. unto the., endI am ofwiththeyouworld"alway, Matt.even

21 "his... came untohim"28: 20

iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiuiiiiiiiiiuiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiuiiini'22 Exclamation of contempt 54 "Take... thought for your life"

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1942

PRESIDENT J. REUBEN CLARK, JR., FARMER

(Concluded from page 605) money be the only objective, other That may be why President J.

show some parts of the farm and its ways of living may be more alluring. Reuben Clark, Jr., has invested his

surroundings. But the new world that we are facing life's material fruits in the land. But

Farming is more than a business. seems to place a low value on money, greater still is his faith in the teachIt is a mode of living under the open and makes the land appear a safer ings of the Church to which he has

sky, in daily contact with the forces source of income. It is a neverto- given his life's loyalty. He has set

of nature, with freedom to set one's beforgotten fact, that the blood of the Church a good example. May

days and hours, an independence the farms makes the cities and other others heed his example, and do likeseldom found in other pursuits. If professions survive. wise.

EVIDENCES AND RECONCILIATIONS (Concluded from page 577) attending to his Church duties. We should indeed be proud to

murders, and other acts of darkness Amidst immorality, he keeps himself exchange error for truth, to seek urcharacterize an age rich in knowlclean, and goes to his wife as pure gently for all truth, and to build edge. as he expects her to be and continues truth, every day and everywhere inIn this day, a Church that makes so throughout life. He tries to follow to our lives. By that path we shall

religion a weekday affair is peculiar, the admonition of the Savior, to be reach individual and collective hapindeed. in the world, but not of the world. piness and power, and become able

Fifth. Most astonishing of all, the The world marvels at such daring, to serve our confused and unhappy

most peculiar thing about the Latbut admires it. Men who love truth world. If these be peculiarities, let

terday Saints—so it seems to our above all else, who are guided in us thank the Lord for them.weak generation—is that its memtheir lives by the principles of truth The Latterday Saints are a pebers have the courage to live up to and who dare to conform to them, culiar people. So were the Formertheir beliefs in the face of adverse despite temptation or scoffing comday Saints. Hear the words of Peter,

practices. The Mormon in a social panions, are the truly honored ones the apostle, "Ye are a chosen gengathering refuses the cocktail with in the minds of saints or sinners. eration, a royal priesthood, an holy

a smile and a "thank you."Among They are the ones the world is hopnation, a peculiar people; that ye

companions who smoke he keeps his ing and praying for to lead humanity should shew forth the praises of him mouth and lungs clean and sweet. into peace and happiness. But such who hath called you out of darkness

When others make Sunday a boiscourage makes of us a peculiar peointo his marvelous light."( 1 Peter

terous holiday, he spends part of it ple. 2:9)—J. AW.

* * Edeeatloe ie Wartime is Esseetlal

The University of Utah is fully cooperating with the United States war program and is accredited in the ARMY ENLISTED RESERVE CORPS, AND ARMY AIR FORCE ENLISTED RESERVE; NAVY

V-l, NAVY V-5 (aviation) AND NAVY V-7; MARINE ENLISTED RESERVE AND COAST GUARD ENLISTED RESERVE.

These programs will permit many men students to complete their education before being called to active service and also gives to educational institutions a vital role in the country's all out war effort.

Siudsuntdu Tftjaij fcwwlL in, (fou 0$. ihsL JjoJIoivm SdiojolA.

Arts and Science Lower Division

Engineering Medicine Medicine Law Business Graduate Work Social Work Extension Division

JjcdL QiuvdsA. fotyiAihatbwL (bat&A.

September 23—English and Psychological Examinations September 24—Engineering Examination September 24 and 25—Special instruction and registration of Freshmen September 28—Registration of Sophomores, and all Upper Division students September 29—Fall Quarter Class Work Begins

For Free Catalogue—Address Office of the President

UNIVERSITY OF UTAH Salt Lake City

LET'S SAY IT CORRECTLY MUTUAL CONCERNED Patient: "Doctor, I must tell you that this is my first operation to death."scared I'm nearly and that are brought to mistakes our attention and difficulties When Youthful Surgeon: "Yes, just how you feel. It's I know resentworried, those in charge, by are we embarrassed,

first, too."my or ful, concerned.

To be embarrassed may indicate that we are unable to handle the situation. MATRIMONIAL QUIZ

fretful worried and weak. be mean we are may To Mrs. Yearwed: "Getting tired of married life already, my

attitude, resentful be show wrong may To closed mind, dear?"

disposition. narrow It's lots fun. of no! "Gracious, Mrs. Junewed: Tom builds

to Intelligent action, leads thoughtful arouses concern, and is they're to supthings guess I cook, what and and the game results. sensible work about the company concerned we Are we to be!"posed

for, the city we live in, the government we uphold, the family is true? support, the Church we know we

pessimist flaws in others, the lazy person AN EASY PROBLEM the looks for The thinks it takes too much effort, the careless person figures on "Look here,"said the unhappy visitor, "I lost my wife* and just getting by, the industrious person becomes concerned, sees three children. I've walked the streets for two hours and I the need, concentrates on his work, and solves the problem. haven't the slightest idea of where they could be—

This contribution was made by "You'll find the dime store,"said the policeman, "two

Grant M. Broadhead, blocks north, to your left."

El Centre California. ONE THING IS HARDER

L. D. S. SOLDIERS AT SHEPPARD FIELD Dorothy (admiring her engagement ring): "There's nothing

Although there are rapid changes and replacements of men in the world harder than a diamond, is there?"

at Sheppard Field, Texas, the group of Mormon soldier boys Howard: "Yes, sweetheart, keeping up the instalment payhold regular Church meetings which are conducted by the apments on it."

pointed elders, and supervised by one of the army chaplains who has taken an interest in the group's welfare. HIS REWARD

In July there were nearly ninety Latterday Saint soldiers stationed at Sheppard Field, which plays a twofold purpose, Saint Peter handed the new arrival a golden trumpet.

replacing soldiers and training aviation mechanics. Thirtytwo "But I can't play this thing,"protested the newcomer. "I

of this number have served as long term missionaries for the never practiced playing a trumpet while I was on earth."

Church. "Of course you didn't or you wouldn't be here."

The entire group desires to send their deepest love and blessings to the Church through the pages of the Era. HOPE REALIZED

Reported by Jack R. Price. Bill: "Have you ever realized any of your childhood hopes?"

Pete: "Yes, when mother used to comb my hair I often HIGH COST OF WAR FATALITIES wished I didn't have any."

Dy dividing the total cost of all belligerents by the number of *-'fatalities, it costs one hundred twentyfive thousand dollars THE RIGHT NAME FOR IT kill it to in soldier cost the basis, present the a war. same On rheumatism."Larry's got exclamatory Uncle Jimmy: "My fifty only to kill seventyfive legionnaires, of cents Caesar's one don't rheumatism, you?"Johnnie: mean "You dollars in five Years'dollars the Thirty thousand (1648), War tries time he "Nope, Jimmie: I mean inflammatoryexclamatory—every fifty the Civil dollars American thousand and War, in World yells."to move he

l inWar Zobell, Albert L. Jr.,

From Los Angeles Times OR DIGGING A WELL?

Teacher: "There's only one way to learn in this world,

Dear Era Folk: young man, and that is to begin at the bottom."

this joys reports that of our the Elmer: "How's about when you're learning to swim, have has summer been One

forteacher?"soldier the boys. back not from only come look They

faith, to the other not Era's coming, but boys ward of our many until his ANOTHER CASE OF KID NAPPING issue that are reading states every that comes one boy is magazine to almost he gets out before chance read worn a that of noticed her teacher pupils was mathematics one The tells it is. fine a him magazine what the the following blackboard. dreaming on day and not work

privilege with past year been while working a real has it. TheEveryone his recall attention, she said sharply: To

letters friendly are inspiring. you. send always you The Jenkins, board!""Board,

Sincerely your brother and sister, The boy, startled, looked up.

Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Shanks. "Yes, ma'am, very!"came the reply.

Dear Editor: EASY DOES IT

f would like to tell you how I appreciate the Era, its wise * counsel, its Church history, its sketches from noble lives that Professor: "Can you prove that the square of the hypotenuse

help us to aim for higher ideals and many other things that is equal to the sum of the squares of the two sides of the are too numerous to mention. triangle?"

It is the one magazine that a mother can feel safe when her Student: "No, sir. But I'm willing to admit it."

to read. child picks it are pictures There up no lurid or adSLIGHT CHANGE vertisements, stories that in their ideas put false no heads.

Eloise, thankful daughter, saw its superiority and I am my "I rationing the gas suppose has slowed down the pace of list. to able our reading to add it was life for in the East?"you people

Very sincerely, "Not at all. I used to walk to the car; now I run for the

Mrs. Myrtle G. Olsen. bus."

riisiAini for Intermountain America

T"KSL takes pride in its record of pleasing critical radio

audiences throughout Intermountain America. Starstudded Columbia Network features are carefully

balanced with local shows having the friendly KSL

Program Personality. KSL and CBS are resolved to

bring you the best that's on the air... in every field.

KSL technical equipment and engineering experience

are unsurpassed by any commercial station in America. Priceless and unbelievably complicated studio

and transmitter equipment is being carefully guarded

during these critical times to insure continued operation. No effort is being spared to serve the radio

listeners of Intermountain America!

am/a&i;Me STATION

"Key Station lot Columbia in the Intermountain West. 50,000SSLWATTS SALT LAKE CITY

Cntalt&ut tke 1/i/otLJL

Clanging a jubilant victory song, or chanting in muffled tones a reverse in American fortunes, the old Liberty Bell in Independence Hall peeled out the news of America's successful struggle for freedom.

Today its throat is silent, but the Liberty Bell is still revered as a symbol of the American Spirit...

the spirit of a people, ordinarily peaceloving and tolerant, who, when aroused by oppression and injustice, quickly set aside the seeming "softness"of democratic living, and again show the muscles and

I brains and sweat that built a mighty nation....and

I "proclaimed liberty throughout the world."

I Insure your birthright of independence by purchasing more than your quota of defense bonds and f&g stamps... and insure your right to a financially-

\ independent future for yourself and your family with BENEFICIAL LIFE INSURANCE.

llifcff&fflwch/ uupur\fiiA.aKAMci CMM9MMM

KETURN POSTAGE GUARANTEED

SALT LAKE CITY. UTAH