siijpiiiiiiiiS!

Vol. XXIII JUNE, 1920 No. 8.

4*3fc\L&ite

Organ of the Priesthood Quorums, the Young Men'i Mutual ImproTemeot

At gociationa, and the Schools of the Church of Jesus Christ of Lattetxlay Saints

Published monthly by the General Board Y. M. M. I. A., Salt Lake City, Utah

muni iiiiiHiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiii iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiMiiiiiiiMiiiiiiiMiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii

I. Factory Z. C. M.

Western Scout Shoes

the The ideal outdoor shoe—for

boy scout, the mechanic, the farmer.

Z. C. M. I. Factory Give splendid satisfaction

are solidly made for—they

service. School Shoes

Our Army Shoes Made on the Munson last—built

for comfort and service.

i i =,iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii>iiniii iiiiimimimmmiiiiiitiiiiiiiimiiii iiiiiiiiim iiimiimiiiiiimm iiiiiiiiiiiimiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiimiiiiiiiiiiiiiiinitiiiiiiiiiiiii*

Latterday Saints Garments APPROVED CORRECT PATTERN Prepaid Parcel Post to any part of United States, 20c extra oa each garment to Canada or Mexico.

These Approved Temple Garments are knitted and made right here In our own Utah factory, to your special order and measurements. Lowest prices

on market. Hall your order to us now and say you saw It la the "Improvement Era."-

LOOK FOR THE APPROVED LABEL, IN EVERY GARMENT No. 11 Light weight cotton $2.25

20 Light weight cotton bleached 2.50

00 Medium weight cotton,. 2.75

22 Medium weight cotton bleached 2.75

80 Heavy weight cotton 325 24 Heavy weight cotton bleached 3.75

50 Extra white double, bleached mere 5.00

10 Medium weight wool mixture 5.00

10 Heavy weight wool 0.00

18 Extra heavy wool 7.00

Slses from 32 to 44 bust, and 52 to 04 length, as desired. Longer than

04 In, or over - 4 In. bust, each size 20c extra. Garments with double backs

25c extra per suit. We make any size desired.

Measure bust around body under arm} length, from center on top of shoulder down to Inside of ankle. Orders for less than two garments not

accepted.

Shirts, $1.00 each. Stat* Infant Shirts—Sllkallno and Lamb's Wool

.baby's age.

KNITTING MODEL CHRISTIAN SON, ManagerWORKS FRANKLYN 057 Iverson Street, Salt Lake Ottr, Ctah Phone Hy. 516

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Bridal Veil Falls, Provo Canyon

For such a mountainous country, Utah is singularly devoid of waterfalls. Of cascades, water running

over ledges or steps, there are an unlimited number, but few indeed, meriting the name of falls. Among those

few, however, the Bridal Veil Falls, in Provo Canyon, is surely one of the most beautiful.

To reach the high body of water, a hidden mountain lake, the source of this waterfall, is considered a daring climb. It is often accomplished, however, and

the sight of the lonely crystal mirror, reflecting flowers, crags, and pinewoods, well repays the toil of the

explorer. "How expressive of a Divine element in nature,"exclaims an enthusiast, "is a stream of water!"In the perfectness of its marvelous purity there appears something

Holy.of the spirit of sanctification—of the All

Truly might this be said of the Utah mountain streams. We see them come hurrying from the snowy

heights, winding stilly "amidst the low thrillings of the forest shade;"and ever springing fearless from the

edge of a dizzy cliff, clothing with moss, the rocks around; carving their way through stubborn granite

all the while clear and bright, ministering to the earth, but unstained by it.

Alfred Lambourne.

he

L- Hptc * 'JW "*- ''- tiSSm 5F i

IBHSBSj -i&iffl*i Jfc

P/iofo 6v C. R. Savage.

BRIDAL VEIL FALLS, PROVO CANYON, UTAH

Vol. XXIII JUNE, 1920. No. 8

Ninetieth Annual Conference Themes

By President Heber J, Grant.

It is certainly an inspiring sight to see so many of the Latterday Saints gathered here at the opening of our conference. Considering the weather I had expected that there would be no need this

morning of having an overflow meeting in the Assembly Hall, but

I was mistaken.

I rejoice exceedingly in the faith that is in the hearts of the

Latterday Saints. I rejoice in the loyalty of the people to the Church

of Jesus Christ, wherever they are located, from Canada on the north, to Mexico in the south, and in all the various missions throughout the world. I am convinced, beyond the shadow of a doubt, that

there are no other people upon the face of the earth who are as devoted to their religion, or who are ready and willing to and who do in very deed make as many sacrifices for their church, as an absolute practical demonstration of their faith, as do the Latterday Saints.

THE SAINTS ABSOLUTELY SINCERE.

When we realize that thousands of Latterday Saints who are absolutely honest in the payment of their tithes, who look upon the obligation to pay onetenth of all they make as sacredly as they would look upon the obligation to divide with a partner, if that partner had a onetenth interest in their business; when we think of the donations that are made for the support of the poor, for the erection of

meetinghouses in the various wards, for the erection of stake tabernacles, for the building of academies, the construction of temples, and last, greatest of all, when we think of the wonderful sacrifice that is made by the men and women, giving two, three and five years of their time for missionary work, and some of them ten and fifteen years, at their own expense or the expense of their families, not only sure that any pergiving their time but paying their own way—I am

*Opening address delivered Sunday morning, April 4, 1920, in the Salt

Lake Tabernacle.

672 IMPROVEMENT ERA

son who stops to reflect upon these sacrifices must acknowledge that there can be no greater evidence of absolute sincerity and devotion given by any people to their faith and to the cause of God, as they understand it, than is given by the Latterday Saints.

DISPOSITION OF TITHING.

I will read for your information some of the things that have been assisted by your tithing during the past year. The Saints themselves have contributed $500,000, because it has been the custom

for the Church to pay onethird only in the building of meetinghouses. During the latter part of the year, however, the Church

has been doing onehalf in the constructing of meetinghouses, and I would like to call attention to the fact that there are no applications now made for assistance from the Trusteein-Trust, but what the different wards and stakes ask for onehalf of the money needed to erect their meetinghouses and their schoolhouses, and there are applications on file now with the Trusteein-

Trust for considerably above one million dollars. It is just as well

for you to know that it is a financial impossibility for us to comply with all of those applications. Buildings cost today twice as much as

they did a few years ago, so if a building that would cost $30,000 three or four years ago were erected now it would cost $60,000. In the

past the Church has given ten thousand; today it is asked for thirty

thousand, which is an increase of two hundred per cent. We can not

possibly comply with all the requests, much as we would like to.

There has been appropriated for maintenance of meetinghouses in the various wards during last year $254,108.59; for stake tabernacles,

$35,811.82; appropriations to the various stakes, $167,410.96; for

wards throughout the Church, $444,763.60; for hospitals, $70,121.00;

for temple maintenance and construction, $214,476.51; for the various

missions, $420,359.88; in addition to money contributed in these

missions. Expended for charity, $354,283.26. For education, the

Church gave $722,353.83, and the applications now for our schools

amount to over one million for the coming year. We can not reach all

that is required, but we will do as much as we possibly can. The total

amount that has been expended in the various stakes, wards and missions of the Church funds, for the year 1919 is $2,683,689.45.

REVELATION TO THE PROPHET'S FATHER.

I am reminded of the fact that in two more days we will be celebrating the 90th anniversary of the birth of the Church of Jesus Christ upon the earth in this last dispensation. Before the Church was

organized there were a few people who believed in the vision that the prophet Joseph Smith had had as a boy, fourteen years of age.

They also believed that he had been visited by heavenly messengers, that he had had years of instruction, and they believed beyond the shadow of a doubt, that he had in his possession the golden plates

NINETIETH ANNUAL CONFERENCE THEMES 673

from which he was translating the Book of Mormon. They believed

in the many revelations that God gave to him and which he wrote out and delivered to the few with whom he was associated prior to the organization of the Church. One of those revelations was to

it is brief and I will read a little morethe prophet's father—it—given

than a year before the organization of the Church.

Now behold, a marvelous work is about to come forth among the children of men;

Therefore, O ye that embark in the service of God, see that ye serve him with all your heart, miglht, mind and strength, that ye may stand blameless before God at the last day;

Therefore, if ye have desires to serve God, ye are called to the work,

For behold the field is white already to harvest, and lo, he that thrusteth in his sickle with his might, tihe same layeth up in store that he perish not, but bringeth salvation to his soul;

And faith, hope, charity and love, with an eye single to the glory of

God, qualify him for the work.

Remember faith, virtue, knowledge, temperance, patience, brotherly kindness, godliness, charity, humility, diligence.

Ask and ye shall receive, knock and it shall be opened unto you. (Doc.

trine and Covenants, Section 4.)

Truly a great and marvelous work has come forth and been proclaimed in every land and in every clime all over the wide world. The

a personal visitation ofgospel of Jesus Christ has been restored—by

the apostles Peter, James and John, laying their hands upon the heads of Oliver Cowdery and the Prophet Joseph Smith and ordaining them to the apostleship; by a personal visitation of John the Baptist, who

baptized the Savior, laying his hands upon Oliver Cowdery and Joseph

Smith and ordaining them to the Aaronic, or the lesser priesthood the gospel is again restored to the earth, with the power and authority that existed in the days of the Savior. Millions of dollars in money

have been expended for erecting and maintaining temples wherein ordinances are performed for the salvation of those who have died without a knowledge of the gospel. All these things bear witness of

the inspiration of God to that man Joseph Smith, when he delivered this statement in a revelation to his father, that a great and a marvelous work was about to come forth among the children of men.

TRIBUTE TO LATTERDAY SAINTS.

The readiness, the willingness, the spirit of sacrifice among the Latterday Saints are an inspiration to those not of our faith. I

had intended to read here this morning some of the very splendid things that were said in the United States Senate regarding the Latterday Saints by the senators from Nevada, from Colorado and from Arizona. I did not intend to read anything said by our own senator from

Utah, but I rejoice when men not of our faith can bear the testimony that these men did, respecting the loyalty of our people.

[President Grant here read selections from the speeches of the senators referred to. The tributes, in full, however, including the speech of

674 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Senator Smoot, are published in the Improvement Era, for January, 1920, also in he Conference Report, April, 1920, and are therefore omitted here.]

I thank the Lord that these Senators can truthfully pay such tributes to our people.,

LATTERDAY SAINTS WORK AGAINST DESTRUCTION OF PROPERTY.

'. I wish to lift my voice and to warn every member of the Church

of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints against the destruction of the property of any man, of any corporation or of any city in these United

States of America.

Property is the fruit of labor; property is desirable, it is a positive good

in the world; that some should be rich shows that others may become rich

and hence is just encouragement to industry and enterprise. Let not him

who is houseless pull down the house of another, but let him work diligently and build one for himself, thus by example assuring that his own shall be safe from violence when built.—Abraham Lincoln.

There is an evil rampant, at the present time, among some who are teaching that it is justifiable to destroy property, and even to destroy life in trying to accomplish their purposes, and I desire to lift my voice, with all the ability and with all the power with which God has endowed me, against anything of this kind. I have

been criticized and letters have been written to me by professed Latter-day Saints, finding fault with my remarks at the last conference, about upholding the law; and the only answer that I desire to give to

these criticisms, as I have not taken the time to answer the letters, is to read again the identical words that I delivered when I stood here before you six months ago. They were not premeditated or thought

out and I have concluded that I could not do any better than to read them, word for word, and say they are my sentiments today:

MUST RESPECT RIGHTS OF OTHERS.

As Latterday Saints we have what is known as The Articles of Faith, and one of them reads: "We believe in being subject to kings, presidents,

rulers and magistrates, in obeying, honoring, and sustaining the law,"and no Latterday Saint can in very deed be a Latterday Saint if he does not honor and sustain and uphold the law. Nearly all over the world, at the

present time, there is a spirit of lawlessness, a soirit of ridicule, and a lack of respect for the men who hold positions.

I want to say that 1 am perfectly willing that men shall join labor unions, that they shall band together for the purpose of protecting their rights, provided they do not interfere with the rieht? of other people. Life,

liberty, and the pursuit of happiness belong to all people in the United

States, according to the laws of our country, and should, upon all the face of the earth; and I say that, to my mind, a provision in a labor union is

all wrong that favors boycotting and the laying down of tools or the quitting of employment because a nonunion man obtains employment while exercising his Godgiven right to stay out of a union. Men who have that

kind of a rule have a rule that is in direct opposition to the laws of God.

There was a battle fought in heaven—for what? To give to man his individual liberty. An attempt to take the agencv of man away is made

when he does not see fit to join a union, and when men in that union, withNINETIETH ANNUAL CONFERENCE THEMES 675

out any complaint or grievance, strike because a nonunion man is employed.

Now, I'd better not say any more, perhaps, on this question, or I may offend somebody, I may hurt somebody's feelings; but it is the Godgiven

right of men to earn their livelihood. The Savior said it was the first great

law or commandment to love the Lord with all our hearts, and that the second was like unto it, to love thy neighbor as thyself. That is the doctrine

for every true Latterday Saint. How much love is there in starving your

neighbor because he will not surrender his manhood and his individuality, and allow a labor union to direct his labor? Mighty little love, mighty

little of the gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ in any such a rule! I hope

to see the day when no Latterday Saint will join a union unless the union eliminate that clause from its rules. I am not going to ask them to leave

their union. I am not going to lay it down that they must, that it is the

mind and the will of the Lord for them to leave a union, I want, as I! aid here two weeks ago, to give every man Lis free agency, to give every

man the right to act as he thinks proper, but I cannot see how a Latterday Saint who is a member of such a union can get down on his knees and pray for God to inspire and bless him, to bless the Saints and to protect them and then be a party to allowing one of his own brethren to go, year after year, without employment, because that brother will not surrender his manhood and join a union with him. There is none of the Spirit

of the Lord in that, to my mind. That is exactlv the way I see it.

I desire, as stated, to emphasize and reemphasize those statements delivered here six months ago. I believe that it is the absolute right

of men to combine together for their protection, for their advancement, for their welfare in unions, but as stated here, I deprecate the idea of their undertaking to dictate to those who will not join them.

I believe this is all I desire to say upon that subject.

PROGRESS IN THE MISSIONS.

Since we last met here, it has fallen to my lot to hold meetings in the Central States Mission, in the Eastern States Mission, in the

Canadian Mission, and three times in various parts of the California

Mission. It has fallen to my lot to visit the capital of our Union and

to hold a meeting there. It has fallen to my lot to visit some of the

stakes of Zion, especially two in Arizona, the Maricopa and the St.

Joseph stakes, and to hold a meeting in the capital of Arizona. I wish

to say that I rejoice in the wonderful change of sentiment regarding the Latterday Saints that has come to people wherever I have met with them during the past six months. In addition to these visits I have

had the privilege of visiting the Hawaiian Islands, with some of the brethren of the general authorities, and of dedicating there to the

Lord one more temple for holy ordinances for the salvation of the dead. And I want to bear witness to the Latterday Saints that there

was, with our small party on that trip to the Hawaiian Islands, in the dedication of that temple, in the various services that were held there, lasting for a number of days, the inspiration of the Lord God Almighty, and that we were blessed abundantly, beyond our power to 676 IMPROVEMENT ERA

tell. There is something that no mortal tongue can tell, when an individual realizes and knows that while proclaiming the gospel of our

Lord and Master Jesus Christ he has been blessed by the inspiration of the Lord; and that was our experience in dedicating another

temple to the Lord in that faroff land. The Hawaiian people have

a dark skin, but their hearts are white, their loyalty to God is perfect, and the Lord Almighty has abundantly blessed many of that people by giving to them an absolute knowledge of the divinity of the work in which we are engaged.

RESPECT GROWING FOR OUR CHURCH.

I am thankful that wherever I have traveled during the past six months I have found a feeling of respect, a feeling of love in the hearts of many for the Latterday Saints, in the hearts of those not of our faith. I heard many very splendid compliments while in Washington by members of the president's cabinet, by senators and representatives, and by officials of the government in the Federal Reserve banking departments, and in others, wherever I went, and with all the

people that I met, bankers in New York, Chicago, San Francisco and other cities, I heard good things said of the Latterday Saints; we

are coming into our own, so to speak. Our character is becoming

known, and no longer can men lie about the Latterday Saints, or women either, and get away with the lies with the great majority of the people in our country.

While our reputation has been bad, this reputation has come to us, how? Because of the lies, as a rule, by men who have been excommunicated from this Church. No loyal, patriotic American citizen

wants the people of our country to be judged by the Benedict Arnolds that the country has produced; but the men of America desire that our

country shall be judged by its achievements, by the men who have been loyal to that Godinspired instrument, the Constitution of our country. All we ask of any people upon the face of the earth is that

they shall judge the Latterday Saints by Joseph Smith, the prophet of the living God, by the record that he made in the few short years that he stood at the head of the Church. The Church was organized in

1830, 90 years ago, and he presided over it for only 14 years. The

accomplishments of those 14 years under his administration, what he did, and what he left to the Church in the wonderful revelations that he gave to us, in the translating of the Book of Mormon, that sacred

Scripture of the forefathers of the American Indian, and the wonderful labors that he performed, these stand as a monument stamping him, in very deed, a prophet of the living God. No man without the

inspiration of God, in 14 short years, could have accomplished what

Joseph Smith did; could have laid the foundation of this great work

to which you and I belong. And as the years come and go, men are

beginning to recognize the greatness of the labor he performed.

NINETIETH ANNUAL CONFERENCE THEMES 677

MAKE SACRIFICES FOR GOSPEL.

I remember as a boy that I borrowed a book from the Thirteenth ward Sunday School library; it was on the evidences of Christianity by

Dr. Paley, and I remember among other things, in that book, that he

stated that the strongest evidence of the divine mission of the Savior of the world was the absolute loyalty of those who embraced Christianity, and their willingness to lay down their lives, if need be, for the testimony that they possessed of the divine mission of the Savior. I

remember thinking as a boy: If that is the strongest evidence, of men

being willing to lay down their lives and to voluntarily make sacrfices and to stand up under persecution, then that same identical evidence applies to the divine mission of the Prophet Joseph Smith. The Latter-day Saints were driven from city to city, county to county, state

to state, and finally beyond the confines of the United States to the

Rocky Mountains, then Mexican territory. They could have had immunity, they could have dwelt in peace, had they renounced their

faith; but our fathers and our mothers had received the witness of

the Holy Spirit and they knew that Jesus was the Savior, they knew that Joseph Smith was in very deed a prophet of God. The Lord Almighty had implanted in their hearts a knowledge that God did, one

hundred years ago this spring, appear to a boy; that he did speak to

that boy; and that when the boy asked of our Father in Heaven,

"Which of all the religious denominations in the world is the true

Church of Christ?"in answer to that question our God and our Father

pointed to the Savior of the world and said: "This is my beloved Son,

hear Him."The Savior of the world told that boy to join none of

the sects, that they had all gone astray, that they were teaching for doctrine the ideas and the commandments of men, and that they did not have the true Church of Christ. When that boy returned from

that wonderful and marvelous vision, the greatest event in all the history of the world, excepting only the birth and death of the Savior, his mother saw that there was something strange about his appearance and asked him some questions; and he simply answered, in substance,

and said to his mother (who was a Presbyterian): "Mother, there is

one thing I know now, and that is that the Presbyterian church is not the Church of Christ."

When he related his vision to ministers and others the boy was ridiculed.

Three years later an angel of God appeared and told him there were buried in the hill Cumorah some golden plates containing a record, a sacred record of the forefathers of the American Indian, and that he should be the instrument in the hands of God of translating those plates. The angel gave him many wonderful instructions and quoted

much Scripture to him; then disappeared. He returned and repeated

his instructions and disappeared. He returned again and repeated those

instructions, the three visitations occupying the entire night. The next

678 I IMPROVEMENT ERA

day when that boy went to his work in the field with his father, having had no rest during the night, his father saw that he was not feeling well and told him to go homeland as he was climbing a fence he fainted, but he was aroused from his faint by the voice of the messenger who for the fourth time repeated all that he had said during the previous night, and told him to go back to his father and tell his father all that he had heard and seen. This he did, and the boy's father

answered: "This is of God. Listen to the teachings of the angel."The

boy visited the hill Cumorah; he saw the plates and was instructed

by the messenger to come there once a year for four years, to be instructed by that angel of God, regarding the great and marvelous work that was to come forth in the last days. At the end of four years the

plates containing the record were delivered to him by the angel Moroni.

He translated those plates, and the translation is the Book of Mormon.

VAST MULTITUDE HAVE TESTIMONY.

but, says one, I don't believe a word of it. There are thousands,

there are tens of thousands of men and women, from the midnight sun country in Scandinavia to South Africa, all over Europe, from Canada to South America, in every state of the Union of the United States, upon the islands of the Pacific, who stand up and in all humility bear witness before high heaven that God has given to them a knowledge that Joseph Smith did see him, that Joseph Smith did see the Savior of the world, that Joseph Smith was visited by angels of God, that he was ordained to the apostleship, that he did in very deed commune with the Savior of the world, that he was a prophet of the living God.

All the nonbelief, all the lack of faith of all the people in all the world cannot change that fact, if it be a fact, and God has given many of us a knowledge, an absolute knowledge that it is a fact, that Joseph Smith was a prophet and that this Gospel, called by the world "Mormonism,"is in very deed the Gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ.

TESTIMONY OF PRESIDENT JOSEPH F. SMITH.

1 want to read one of the latest testimonies regarding the divinity of this gospel, given from this stand by our late beloved Prophet,

Joseph F. Smith, as to where divine authority exists today

The Church of Jerus Christ of Latterday Saints is no partisan church.

It is not a sect. It is the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints. It

is the only one today existing in the world that can and does legitimately bear the name of Jesus Christ and his divine authority. I make this declaration in all simplicity and honesty before you and before all the world, bitter as the truth may seem to those who are opposed and who have no

reason for that opposition. It is nevertheless true and will remain true

until he who has a right to rule among the nations of the earth and among the individual children of God throughout the world shall come and take the reins of government and receive the bride that shall be prepared for the ( oming of the Bridegroom.

Many of our great writers have recently been querying and wondering

NINETIETH ANNUAL CONFERENCE THEMES 679

where the divine authority exists today to command in the name of the

Father and of the Son and of the Holy Ghost, so that it will be in effect and acceptable at the throne of the Eternal Father. I will announce here

and now, presumptuous as it may seem to be to those who know not the truth, that the divine authority of Almighty God, to speak in the name of the Father and of the Son, is here in the midst of these everlasting (hills, in the midst of this intermountain region, and it will abide and will continue, for God is its source, and God is the power by which it has been maintained against all opposition in the world up to the present, and by which it will continue to progress and grow and increase on the earth until it shall cover the earth from sea to sea. This is my testimony to you, my

1 rethren and sisters, and I have a fulness of joy and of satisfaction in being able to declare this without regard to, or fear of, all the adversaries of he truth.

OH, SAY, WHAT IS TRUTH?

We heard sung here three verses of the hymn, "O, say what is truth?"ani I tequest that in the future the choir sing all four verses,

and not omit the last:

O, say, what is truth? Tis the fairest gem

That the riches of worlds can produce

And priceless the value of truth will be,

When the proud monarch's costliest diadem

Is counted but dross and refuse.

Yes, say what is truth? 'Tis the brightest prize

To which mortals or Gods can aspire:

Go search in the depths where it glittering lies,

Or ascend in pursuit to the loftiest skies;

'Tis an aim for the noblest desire.

The scepter may fall from the despot's grasp,

When with winds of stern justice he copes;

But the pillar of truth will endure to the last,

And its firmrooted bulwarks outstand the rude blast

And the wreck of the fell tyrant's hopes.

Then, say, what is truth? 'Tis the last and the first,

For the limits of time it steps o'er:

Though the heavens depart and the earth's fountains burst,

Truth, the sum of existence, will weather the worst,

Eternal, unchanged, evermore.

CLOSING TESTIMONY.

And I bear witness to you here today that we have the truth, that God has spoken again, that every gift, every grace, every power, and every endowment that came through the Holy Priesthood of the living God in the days of the Savior, are enjoyed today. God lives,

Jesus is the Christ, Joseph Smith was a prophet of the true and the living God. "Mormonism,"so called, is in very deed the gospel of

the Lord Jesus Christ. God has given me a witness of these things.

I know them and I bear that witness to you, in all humility, and I do it in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen.

Boyhood and Youth of Brigham Young

By Preston Nibley

Brigham Young, like most Americans who have made a great name, was born in poor and humble circumstances. When he

came into the world, on June 1, 1801, his father was struggling to gain a livelihood on a Vermont farm, where the principal question was to get enough to feed and clothe his family. There

were already eight little children, the oldest, a girl, being fifteen.

Then came the ninth, a baby boy, whom the parents named

Brigham.

When the little fellow was two years old his father moved away from Vermont. He had heard that farther west in the

state of New York, there were more opportunities and better land; and so, loading his numerous family in his wagon, he set

out in the spring of 1804 to find a new home. They journed

westward about 120 miles, locating in Chenango county, where a settlement was forming, called Sherburn. Here the boy Brigham

remained with his parents until he was eleven years old. I presume there was never a day when he had an easy life. There

was no silver spoon for his mouth. Years later, addressing the

Saints in Salt Lake City, and speaking of himself and Heber C.

Kimball, he said:

"Brother Heber and I never went to school until we got into 'Mormonism'; that was the first of our schooling. We never had the opportunity of letters in our youth, but we had the privilege of picking up brush,

chopping down trees, rolling logs, and working amongst the roots and getting our shins, feet and toes bruised. The uncle of Brother Merrell, who

now sits in the congregation, made the first hat that my father ever bought me and I was then about eleven years of age. I did not go bareheaded previous to that time, neither did I call on my father to buy me a

fivedollar hat every few months, as some of my boys do. My sisters

would make me what was called a Jo Johnson cap for winter, and in the summer I wore a straw hat which I frequently braided for myself. I

learned how to make bread, wash the dishes, milk the cows and make butter; and can make butter and beat most of the women in this community at housekeeping. Those are about all the advantages I gained

in my youth. I know how to economize, for my father had to do it."Journal of Discourses, Vol. 5, p. 97.

There you have it in a nut shell: that was the early education of President Brigham Young. For him there was "no opportunity of letters"in his youth. His opportunity was to learn

to work, and work at useful and necessary things. Somehow,

somewhere, he did manage to get "eleven days'schooling,"but 682 IMPROVEMENT ERA

his grand university was the school of Hard Knocks, from which he graduated with the highest honors.

When the boy Brigham reached his fourteenth year, a great and irreparable sorrow came into his life. His noble and

splendid mother, weary and worn with the struggle which life in the frontier had forced upon her, closed her eyes in her last sleep. All honor to her name and memory! Though her

struggle was hard, few women have been more fortunate than she was. She was permitted to give the world eleven splendid children. And there was Brigham, her great reward. Her soul was

to shine out gloriously in him all his life.

Brigham always spoke with the greatest reverence and appreciation of his mother. In a sermon on August 15, 1852, he

said: "Of my mother—she that bore me—I can say, no better woman ever

Jived in the world than she was. * * * My mother, while she lived,

taught her children all the time to honor the name of the Father and Son, and to reverence the Holy Book. She said, 'Read it, observe its precepts

and apply them to your lives as far as you can. Do everything that is

good; do nothing that is evil; and if you see any persons in distress, administer to their wants; never suffer anger to arise in your bosoms, for if

you do, you may be overcome by evil.'**

If I understand the character of Brigham Young aright, I should say that that is the foundation on which he built, all his days.

And so, at the age of fourteen, Brigham Young was motherless, cast adrift on the world to make his way as best he could.

But you may be assured that this boy who had been taught to work was never idle. He always found something to do, and

had something to show for his labor. At the age of twentyone

we find him at Port Byron, a little town on the Erie Canal, able to call himself a "carpenter, joiner, painter, and glazier."As

a boy he seems to have been as solid and substantial as he was later on, when grown to be a man.

There was a strong religious strain in the family of his father, John Young. By the time Brigham had grown to

manhood, his three older brothers, Joseph, John, and Phinehas, were already itinerant preachers in the Methodist Reformed church. When Brigham was twentytwo, he also allied himself

with this sect, but I am unable to find that he ever became an "exhorter", as did his brothers. That he went to church meetings is evidenced by the following:

"How many times I have attended prayer meetings among the Methodists in my youthful days when perhaps one hundred men and women would be praying aloud at once. I did not then know but that it was

alright."Journal of Discourses, Vol. 6, p. 42.

Brigham never became very enthusiastic about the MethBOYHOOD OF BRIGHAM YOUNG 683

odist Reformed church. There was not sufficient power in it

to stir his soul as did the gospel taught by the Prophet Joseph

Smith. Also the ministers and priests of that religion never

found much favor with him. On July 26, 1857, he said:

"I was a Bible reader before I came into this Church, and, so far as the letter of the Book was concerned I understood it. 1 professed to

be a believer in the Bible so far as I knew how; but as for understanding

by the Spirit of the Lord I never did until I became a Latterday Saint.

I was well acquainted with many of the priests of the day, and I would frequently think to myself that I would get some knowledge from them. And as I became acquainted with smart, intelligent, literary priests

and professors of religion, I thought, 'Now I can obtain some intelligence from this or that man,'and I would begin to ask questions on certain texts of scripture, but they would always leave me as they found me, in the dark. They were there themselves, and I knew of a surety before I heard

the gospel that the priests were blind guides, leading the blind, and that there was nothing left for them only to stumble here and there and perhaps fall into a ditch. That much knowledge I had previous to my becoming

acquainted with what is called 'MormonismV

On October 8, 1824, in the town of Aurelius, Cayuga county,

New York, Brigham married Miriam Works. He had turned

twentythree years of age the previous June, and was now fairly prosperous in his occupation as a carpenter. Two of his

boy friends at this time were Henry Wells, founder of the WellsFargo Express Company, and Isaac Singer, inventor of the

Singer Sewing machine. Mr. D. B. Smith, of Cayuga county,

who knew Brigham at this time, said later: "Brigham Young

was as fine a specimen of young manhood as I have ever known, and would have made his mark in whatever community his lot might have been cast."

In the spring of 1829, Brigham left Cavuga county, where he had resided more than sixteen years, and moved about fifty miles westward to Mendon, Monroe county, where his father and most of his brothers and sisters resided. Mendon is only

about fifteen miles from Manchester, the boyhood home of the Prophet Joseph, and about the same distance away, a little to the north is Palmyra, where, one year after Brigham settled in Monroe county, the Book of Mormon was printed.

The publication of the Book of Mormon created a tremendous stir in the countryside about Palmyra. That Brigham knew about it is evidenced from the following, which he

told the Saints in Salt Lake City, years later:

"I was somewhat acquainted with the coming forth of the Book of

Mormon, not only through what I read in the newspapers, but I also heard a great many stories and reports which were circulated as quick as the Book of Mormon was printed, and began to be scattered abroad."

Journal of Discourses, Vol. 2, p. 249.

Not only did Brigham hear stories and reports, but a few weeks after the book was printed and bound into a volume, a 634 IMPROVEMENT ERA

copy came into his hands. It happened that Samuel Smith, a

brother of the Prophet, who had been sent out by Joseph to circulate the book in the villages near Manchester, succeeded in placing two copies with members of the Young family.

Phinehas, who resided at Victor, bought one out of curiosity, and Rhoda, Brigham's sister, was given one by Samuel, because she kindly sympathized with him in his effort to spread the truth.

It was the book purchased by Phinehas that fell into Brigham's hands. Phinehas carried it home, read it, and was profoundly impressed by it. Then he gave it to his father, who

remarked that "it was the greatest work and clearest of error of anything he had ever seen, the Bible not excepted."Finally

it was handed on to Brigham. He was intensely interested in

House at Port Byron, New York, where Brigham Young lived after his first marriage what he read. Phinehas relates that "about this time my

brother, Brigham, came to see me, and very soon told me that he was convinced that there was something in 'MormonismV

I presume that little did he dream what it would eventually mean to him.

The excitement regarding "Mormonism"and the "Golden

Bible"died away somewhat in New York when, in the spring of 1831, the Prophet Joseph, his family and most of the Saints moved away to Ohio. I am at a loss to learn whether Brigham, up to this time, had, or had not, ever seen and talked with

BOYHOOD OF BRIGHAM YOUNG 685

a member of the Church. But as he fails to mention such an

event I am inclined to the belief that no Latterday Saint ever called at the little town of Mendon until the fall of 1831, when five elders from an isolated branch of the Church in Columbia, Pennsylvania, came into Brigham's neighborhood while making a short missionary tour through New York. Brigham

says of this event:

"In the fall of 1831, Elders Alpheus Gifford, Elial Strong, and others came to Mendon to preach the everlasting gospel, as revealed to Joseph

Smith the Prophet, which I heard and believed."Millennial Star, Vol. 25,

p. 424.

It may seem strange to some that while Brigham had had access to the Book of Mormon for more than a year prior to his coming in contact with the elders he had not been led to make any thorough or extensive investigation of "Mormonism."But

the explanation I have relied upon is this, that what profoundly influenced Brigham more than the reading of any book was his actual contact with men. The look of the eye, the shake of

the hand, the sincerity of the voice, the "spirit"of the person, that, more than all else, impressed him. Speaking of his conversion, President Young once said:

"If all the talent, tact, wisdom and refinement of the world had been sent to me with the Book of Mormon and had declared in the most exalted of earthly eloquence the truth of it, undertaking to prove it by learning and worldly wisdom, they would have been to me like the smoke which arises, only to vanish away. But when I saw a man without eloquence,

or talents for public speaking who could only say, 'I know by the power of the Holy Ghost, that the Book of Mormon is true, that Joseph Smith is a Prophet of the Lord,'the Holy Ghost proceeding from that individual illuminated my understanding, and light, glory and immorality were before me. I was encircled by them, filled with them, and I knew for myself

that the testimony was true."Journal of Discourse!: Vol. 1, p. 90.

Among the young men in Mendon, at this time, was one to whom Brigham had become particularly attached. This was

Heber Chase Kimball, who was engaged with his brother in the pottery business. Like Brigham, he also had shown considerable

interest in "Mormonism,"and was, consequently, eager to hear the message of the elders. In his autobiography Heber relates

as follows:

"About three weeks after I joined the Baptist Church (fall of 1831) five elders of the Church of Jesus Christ came from Pennsylvania to the house of Phinehas H. Young, in Victor. Their names were: Eleazar

Miller, Elial Strong, Alpheus Gifford, Enos Curtis, and Daniel Bowen.

Hearing of these men, curiosity prompted me to go and see th<m, when, for the first time, I heard the fulness of the everlasting gospel.

"As soon as I heard them I was convinced that they taught the truth, and that I had only received a part of the ordinances under the Baptist

Church. I also heard the gifts of the spirit manifested among the elders,

for they spoke in tongues and interpreted, which tended to strengthen 686 IMPROVEMENT ERA

my faith. Brigham Young and myself were constrained, by the spirit, to

bear testimony of the truth, and when we did this the power of God rested upon us."Deseret News, Vol. 8, No. 4.

The five elders from Pennsylvania must have been most excellent and spiritually minded men. It was in their little branch

at Columbia that the gift of tongues was for the first time exercised in the Church. They also so thoroughly impressed

Brigham Young and Heber C. Kimball with the truth of their

teachings that these two young men decided to pay them a return visit, which they accomplished a few months later. President Young gives an account of the trip as follows:

"In January, 1832, my brother Phinehas and I accompanied Heber C.

K'mbpll, who took his horses and sleigh and went to Columbia, Pennsylvania, where there was a branch of the Church. We traveled through

snow and ice, crossing rivers until we were almost discouraged; still our

faith was to learn more of the principles of 'Mormonism'.

"We arrived at the place where there was a small branch of the Church;

we conversed with them, attended their meetings and heard them preach, and after staying about one week we returned home, being still more convinced of the truth of the work, and anxious to learn its principles and to learn more of Joseph Smith's mission. Millennial Star, Vol. 25, p. 424.

To me it is splendid to note Brighain's anxious desire to learn more of the Church and of the divinity of Joseph Smith's mission. Here he was, traveling through snow and ice, crossing

frozen rivers until "almost discouraged,"to learn about what was, perhaps, the most unpopular movement that he had ever come in contact with. But he was face to face with his greatest problem; namely, that he had an eternal soul to save, and in

this newly revealed religion there seemed to be the one and only solution. We may date his complete conversion from this winter trip to Pennylvania. From that time henceforth until the

last day of his life, his constant activity was given to "building up the Church and Kingdom of God."

His first missionary trip followed after his return to Mendon. He set out for Canada to impart the glad tidings to his

brother Joseph who was a Methodist preacher there. He relates as follows:

"Immediately after my return home from Pennsylvania I took my horse and sleigh and started to Canada after my brother Joseph, taking my brotherin-law, John P. Greene, who was then on his way to his circuit,

Dreaching the Methodist doctrine. We rode together as far as Sacketts'

Harbor. After finding my brother Joseph and explaining to him what I had

learned of the gospel in its purity, his heart rejoiced, and he returned home with me where we arrived in March."Millennial Star, Vol. 25, p. 424.

Following their return to Mendon. there must have been

a familv council held at which it was decided that Joseph and

Father John Young should now make a trip to Pennsylvania and learn more of the newly revealed gospel as Brigham and PhineBOYHOOD OF BRIGHAM YOUNG 687

has had done. Phinehas accompanied his father and brother.

They arrived at Columbia early in April and as evidence that they were all completely convinced of the truth of "Mormonism,"Phinehas relates

"In the morning of the 5th of April, 1832, I was baptized by Elder Ezra

Landon, and my father, by Elder Daniel Bowen. The next morning, being

April 6, 1832, my brother Joseph was baptized by the latter. April 7, my

father and I started for home, a distance of 120 miles, where we arrived in health and found our friends and families rejoicing in the fulness of the gospel."Millennial Star, Vol. 25, p. 376.

One of the elders from Pennsylvania must have accompanied Father John Young and Phinehas on their return journey, for we find that an important event occurred in Mendon on the 14th of April, in which Elder Eleazar Miller, of Columbia, figured. Brigham relates it

"April 14, 1832, I was baptized by Eleazar Miller, who confirmed me at the water's edge. We returned home, about two miles, the weather being

cold and snowy, and before my clothes were dry on my back he laid his hands on me and ordained me an elder, at which I marveled."

Here we have Brigham baptized, made an active member of the Church, and ordained an elder the same day. Now his

splendid enthusiasm for the great cause has an opportunity to show itself. He has a firm and definite object in life; he has

but one desire, and that is to do his full share in the advancement of the Kingdom.

There is a story told, and it bears great semblance to the truth, that at the time Brigham was baptized he was doing carpenter work at Mendon for a man named Hickox. He went

to Hickox and said, "I am not going to work for you any longer, sir; I am going to do something the everlasting better—preach

gospel."And truly, from this time on, every activity of his life

was subordinate to this one object.

Brigham Young's explanation of the preeminence to which he attained in later life was always that the Lord had greatly favored him. This certainly seems to be true when one looks

into the history of his early years. He was without doubt a

chosen man, for from the verv beginning of his association with the Church he was abundantly blessed by the Spirit. Here is

but one instance:

"A few weeks after my baptism I was at Brother Kimball's house one morning, and while family prayer was being offered up, Brother Alpheus

Gifford commenced speaking in tongues. Soon the Spirit came on me, and

I spoke in tongues, and we thought only of the day of Pentecost, when the apostles were clothed upon with cloven tongues of fire."Millennial

Star, Vol. 25, p. 439.

Such a baptism by the Spirit could not soon be forgotten 688 IMPROVEMENT ERA

by a man like Brigham. Hewas overwhelmed by the testimony

of the truth which the Lord had showered on him.

It is interesting to me that the little branch in Mendon was the second place in the Charch where the gift of tongues was made manifest, and as nearly as I can learn Brigham was the first recipient of it.

Few people can say that their feelings, when they entered the Church, were as Brigham expressed his:

"I felt, yes, I can leave my father, my brothers and sisters, and wife and children, if they will not serve the Lord and go with me.** Journal

of Discourses, Vol. 4, p. 281.

Fortunately, however, Miriam Young was of the same belief as her husband, and early in May following, she, too, was baptized. But not long was she to partake of the joy they found

in the newly espoused gospel. The fatal malady of "consumption"had seized her, and on the 8th of September, the same

year, she died, leaving Brigham with two little daughters, Elizabeth, born September 26, 1825, in Port Byron, and Vilate, born

June 1 (Brigham's birthday also), 1830, in Mendon. "In her

expiring moments,"Brigham says in his autobiography, "she clapped her hands and praised the Lord and called upon Brother

Kimball and all around to praise the Lord."

The sad occasion of the death of his wife was probably what prompted Brigham to leave the environment of his home for a short trip. A few days after Miriam was buried, we find him

setting out to visit the Prophet Joseph at Kirtland. He had

never seen the Prophet, although thev had lived for years in New

York within comparatively, few miles of each other. His two

little girls had found a home in the family of his friend, Heber

C Kimball. Brieham gave away almost everything he had;

he looked forward alone to preaching the gospel. Apparently

he had dedicated his life to the cause. Speaking of his early

experiences he once said:

"When I went to Kirtland I had not a coat in the world, for previous to this I had given away everything I possessed that I might be free to go forth and proclaim the plan of salvation to the inhabitants of the earth.

Neither had I a shoe to my feet, and I had to borrow a pair of pants and a pair of boots."Journal of Discourses, Vol. 2, p. 128.

Further describing his trip to Kirtland he says:

"Brother Heber C. Kimball took his horse and wagon, brother Joseph

Young and mvself accompanying him, and started for Kirtland to see the

Prophet Joseph. We visited many friends on the way and some branches of

the Church. We exhorted them and prayed with them and I spoke in

tongues. Some pronounced it genuine and from the Lord, and others

pronounced it of the devil.

"We proceeded to Kirtland and stopped at John P. Greene's who had

just arrived there with bis family. We rested a few minutes, took some

BOYHOOD OF BRIGHAM YOUNG 689

refreshments and started to see the Prophet. We went to his father's house

and learned that he was in the woods chopping. We immediately went to

the woods"where we found the Prophet and two or three of his brothers, chopping and hauling wood. Here my joy was full at the privilege of

shaking the hand of the Prophet of God, and received the sure testimony, by the spirit of prophecy, that he was all that any man could believe him to be, as a true prophet. He was happy to see us and bade us welcome.

We soon returned to his house, he accompanying us."Millennial Star, Vol.

25, p. 439.

The above describes an historic meeting. Here was a young

man, destined to be the great leader of a great people, journeying several hundred miles in borrowed clothes, to meet the prophet of his chosen religion, and he found him "chopping and hauling wood."But when Brigham shook his hand he "received the sure testimony"that this man was indeed a prophet.

Truly the Almighty does choose the weak things of this world to confound the wise. Who, in all the world, were in more humble

circumstances that day than these two young men? It may be

said that at the time of this meeting the Prophet Joseph was not quite 27 years of age, and Brigham a few months before had turned 31.

Further describing the events of this memorable day, Brigham says:

"In the evening a few of the brethren came in and we conversed together upon the things of the Kingdorar>He [Joseph] called upon me to pray; in my prayer I spoke in tongues. As soon as we arose from our

knees the brethren flocked around him, and asked his opinion concerning the gift of tongues that was upon me. He told them it was the pure Adamic

language. Some said to him they expected he would condemn the gift

brother Brigham had, but he said, 'No, it is of God, and the time will come when Brother Brigham Young will preside over this Church.'The

latter part of this conversation was in my absence."Millennial Star, Vol.

25, p. 439.

The Prophet Joseph had never heard the gift of tongues until he heard it from Brigham that day, and by the gift of prophecy he knew that a great man and a great leader had joined his standard.

"'Mormonism'keeps men and women young and handsome; and when they are full of the Spirit of God, * * *

they have a glow upon their countenances; and that is what

keeps you and me young; for the Spirit of God is with us and

within us."Brigham Young.

One Hundred Years Ago*

By Elder Melvin J. Ballard, of the Council of the Twelve

Kindly turn your thoughts backward, if possible, beyond the period of your mortal existence, and look into the distant past by aid of memory and imagination, and think of those scenes that were enacted one hundred years ago when there was no state of Utah, no Salt Lake City, no Tabernacle; when the

western bounds of civilization were far east of us; when, indeed,

there were but nine million four hundred thousand persons in the United States.

That we may get a proper setting for the theme that is now to be presented, imagine a condition of religious enthusiasm spreading over the country so that it affected all the towns and hamlets of the land; men and women were leaving their occupations and camping by meetinghouses while daily and nightly revivals were being conducted. The debate and contentions between religious denominations were most intense, and often bitter. Jonathan Edwards had but recently appeared in the United

States and fired his particular sect with enthusiasm over his very peculiar doctrines announcing that men would get to either one of two places, and by the smallest margin reach heaven; missing

that, they were doomed to eternal damnation in hellfire.

The doctrine of infant damnation, the doctrine of the elect, each had its adherents, and bitter were the denunciations and contentions. The echoes of these things reached the western part

of the state of New York and affected the little community of

Manchester, where the family of Joseph Smith resided. As a

member of that household, though but a child, he, like other neighbors, had gathered in the assembly to be religiously instructed. The child, in that little gathering, had watched the

performance, while various mourners went to confession and were immediately surrounded by eager ministers anxious to win the new convert to his particular persuasion. Various members

of the family had responded and affiliated with one of the groups of worshipers. By the process of elimination, it reached

the lad who had serious thoughts concerning his present predicament, and when he thought of his responding to the appeal, then the next problem that beset his mind was: "To which group

shall I go?"

The text of Elder Ballard's introduction to the rendition of the "Vision"as presented by Prof. Evan Stephens and chorus in the Salt Lake

Tabernacle, Monday evening, April 5, 1920.

692 IMPROVEMENT ERA

In the midst of these uncertainties, he read those inspired words in the epistle of James: "If any of you lack wisdom, let

him ask of God, that giveth to all men liberally, and upbraideth not; and it shall be given him."He writes that never did scripture have such an effect upon the heart of man as these words of

promise had upon his heart, and they moved him to action.

Seeking a place where he might commune with God, he selected the little grove of standing timber, remaining as nature had planted it on a small portion of his father's farm. Within

the seclusion of this grove he offered his humble petition to his

Father. He informs us of the power of darkness that arrayed

itself to destroy him.

We have no difficulty now, as we look back upon it, to understand that the great drama that was being enacted in the little grove was one of vast significance, known by those beings who dwelt in the eternal world, not only about the throne of

God but even in the realm of the damned. For the hour had

come when he who had ruled the nations of the earth and triumphed over truth and right was to see his sun begin to set, and that which the prophets had seen in ages gone by was about to be fulfilled when they said, notwithstanding the days of struggle between truth and error, wherein error had seemed to triumph: there would come a day when the kingdom of God

should be established, to roll forth and fill the whole earth and never be destroyed nor given to another people. This hour had

come, and none knew it better than he who had ruled unrighteously and had a squatter's right, so to speak, upon the domains of the Redeemer. He was a usurper. He contested the movement and sought the destruction of the boy, but the Power that

delivered him—the Power of Light—coming forth from the

presence of our Father, triumphed, as it always shall triumph ultimately, over the powers of darkness.

In the midst of this glorious Presence the boy was comforted, reassured by those words spoken by the most glorious Being who exists in all the eternal worlds—our Father in heaven,—who

said to the trembling youth, I fancy that the "Joseph"—and

words, not only spoken as a Father would speak them, but in tenderness and in sympathy, removed all fear and doubt "Joseph, thisis my Beloved Son", and then introduced our Redeemer.

You know the answer that was given. That nowhere in

the world was the truth to be found; the day of darkness was not

only proclaimed, but the ending of that day of darkness was indicated in the assurance given by the visit of the Redeemer. The

most wonderful, the most complete revelation of the powers that exist in heaven above and in the realms of the condemned, was here revealed. On this occasion, not only God's voice was heard

ONE HUNDRED YEARS AGO 693

but his Being was revealed as well as the Being and the voice of his there was also revealed the power, at least, if Son;—and

not the personality of the rejected and fallen son of God. So it

is at once the most complete revelation of the powers that be, in both realms. That which has come out of it has brought us

from the isles of the sea, from the distant lands of the earth, ha9 made Utah, has made this city, established this building, has given us all that is worth while in this world.

As I knelt in that Grorve, on one occasion, in deep gratitude that I lived to see the day when from the courts of glory, after ages of silence, the voice of God again was heard, my heart was filled with gratitude that I lived to see that day. I knew as I

soul, andknow this night,—in the very depth of my heart and

if every fiber of my being had a tongue, and every hair of my head could speak, it could testify as I do, that Joseph told the truth. God did manifest himself, the Redeemer did come, and

beall that I have—all that is worth while to me,—has come

cause Joseph told the truth.

Now, Brother Evan Stephens has caught up this glorious theme, and has set it to inspirational music that shall be sung through the ages that are to come; and in the dim future, so

far away that we cannot now even think of what shall be, the memory of this visitation like the memory of the birth of Christ, shall remain as long as we live; and we shall live forever. These

singers have caught the spirit of it, and, like the actors in the passion play, at Oberammergau, will bear their testimony to you tonight, glorifying in song this wonderful theme. I rejoice

that there has come to us from our Father, a man of talent and ability to express himself so completely, so wonderfully in song, as our dear, beloved, gifted Brother Stephens, from whom we shall now hear. (Applause.)

- n

The Mountain as seen from a distance, and the same mountain at close range. "Have you ever, with rod, dog, and gun*, pitched your tent * * *

at tl bottom of a rugged canyon with titan peaks towering above, and a noisy mountain torrent tumbling over the rocks at your feet?"(See p. 698.)

A Summer Outing and what Came of it

A Story for Boys, with Some Observations which May be of Interest to Men

. Ivins By Hon. Anthony W

Chapter I "One impulse from a vernal wood

Will teach you more of man, Of moral evil and of good, Than all the sages can."

"I am dying of ennui. I must have some change from this

monotonous office life, something to divert my thoughts from deposits and drafts, loans and discounts, stocks and bonds.

"Theaters no longer interest me, and club life has become a bore. A year ago I spent my vacation in Europe. The trip

was a disappointment. There is such a sameness everywhere,

the same glaring pavements, the same narrow streets, the great piles of brick and mortar which have been wrought by man into cottages, castles, palaces and cities, the hurrying, struggling masses, striving for the mastery, without sympathy or human affection except for their own; the poverty and misery of the

poor, and extravagant abuse of wealth by the rich, these were the things which I found abroad, found them everywhere.

"The great ships which carried us across the ocean excited my admiration, and as I compared them with the Roman galley, and the Viking ships of the Norsmen, I marveled as I contemplated the wonderful accomplishments of man, in fact, what man has done and is doing, what he might have done which he is not doing or attempting to do, was constantly before me."

The speaker, Frank Anderson, was seated in the office of a banking house in a western city where he was employed as assistant cashier. Thirtyfive years of age, with light hair and blue

eyes, the bequest of his Scandinavian ancestors, the head and face of a philosopher, a body slight but lithe and supple, his was that nervous motive temperament, quick to observe, definite in conclusion, unhesitating in action when conviction made action necessary. "You need rest, absolute rest, to both body and mind. Rest

that will restore nerves, which are strained to the breaking point, to tranquility, that will bring back the appetite of youth to a dyspeptic stomach. In order to acquire this, to make rest perfect, there must be recreation which will satisfy the mind and

Salt Lake Tribune Staff Photo.

A part of Salt Lake City as seen from an aeroplane. What man has done

give proper exercise to the body. If you desire tnis, if you

would have your soul enlarged, your faith in God increased, the insignificance of man and his accomplishments manifested when compared with nature, come with me and let us spend this year's vacation in the mountains."

In boyhood and youth Frank Anderson and George Reasoner had been companions. In far off Scandinavia the parents

of the former had one day learned that two strange men, who had come from America, were boldly declaring a new religion, and that they would preach at the home of a neighbor the following evening.

More from curiosity than otherwise they had attended the meeting. The service was a very simple one. A hymn was

sung, the older of the two men asked the Lord to bless the congregation, to inspire the speaker, to remove the veil of darkness from the eyes of those present that they might comprehend the truth.

The speaker, a mere boy in appearance, an American by birth and ancestry, arose, and in words which showed him to be master of the language in which he spoke, declared the apostasy from the primitive Church, the imperfect systems of the multitude of sects which had been established, and the lack of harmony among the conflicting Christian churches.

A SUMMER OUTING 697

Then came the great announcement. Boldly, without hesitation but with great humility, he declared the opening of a

new gospel dispensation. With unexampled assurance he testified that a boy prophet had been raised up, that through him

the primitive gospel had been restored, and that the Dispensation of the Fulness of Times had been ushered in. He concluded

by calling his hearers to repentance, and baptism, by immersion, for the remission of sins.

To the parents of Frank Anderson the man was an entire stranger, but nevertheless he seemed to be one whom they had always known. The doctrines which he taught they had never

heard before, but notwithstanding this fact they understood them perfectly. They believed, were baptized, and leaving

their native land, gathered to the United States, with other converts to the restored gospel.

The conversion of the parents of George Reasoner had been similar, except that they and their parents had been American born.

To the two boys, difference of nationality had never been known. The union of these converts, gathered as they were

from many different nations, had obliterated race distinction;

they thought only of the great purpose which had brought them together, the redemption of mankind, and the establishment of peace and good will upon earth.

Since early manhood, the days when they attended the same school, the lives of the two had been in direct contrast, and occupation and environment had stamped each with peculiar characteristics.

Frank Anderson, after his school days, had been employed by a banking house, where he had been promoted to his present position of assistant cashier. Absorbed in his occupation, constantly coming in contact with men of the world, often the victim of dishonesty, he had become suspicious and doubtful, thinking little of the religion of his parents, worshiping worldly things

because of the power which he saw that money gives one among men.

George Reasoner had gone out into the world to grapple with it independently and alone. He had successfully engaged

in farming and ranching in Arizona, had been active in politics, and was now mining and cattle raising in the Southwest.

Notwithstanding his activity in business and civil affairs, he had always been a consistent worker in the Church, and was known among his associates as a steadfast, but not offensive, defender of his faith, one of those rare temperaments in which the spiritual and temporal are harmoniously blended, whose faith in God does not detract from his admiration of the accomplishments of man, who sees in nature not the origin of 691 IMPROVEMENT ERA

things, but the wisdom and intelligence of the great Creator of the universe.

Stalwart, bronzed through exposure to the Southern sun, he was the embodiment of mental and physical manhood, the type of man who fears nothing except to do wrong, who trusts others because he himself is trusted, who exacts nothing from his fellows which he does not willingly concede to them, who makes the golden rule the standard of his life.

The two men had met for the first time after years of separation.

"Have you ever tried outdoor life as an antidote to ennui?"

continued George. "Have you ever, with rod, dog and gun,

pitched your tent in an open park bordered with pine and juniper, at the bottom of a rugged canyon with titan peaks towering above, and a noisy mountain torrent tumbling over the rocks at your feet; or camped on the shores of a crystal lake, fed by the

ice cold brooks which dance over the boulders as they merrily wind their way from the snow capped peaks above? Have you

ever cast a fly on the sparkling water of that lake and felt the thrill which comes with the click of the reel, as the delicate rod bends and sways in your hand, and the ecstasy which makes your pulse beat faster as you land the speckled beauty, and after estimating his weight, carefully place him in your creel?

"Have you ever stalked the antlered monarch of the woods across the beautiful glades, through rugged defiles, or over the mountain peaks, and felt that exaltation which comes to the hunter when he finally brings down the quarry? If these experiences have never come into your life, there is yet hope that

you may find the recreation, the rest, the health, and, above all, appreciation of the works of the Creator which you failed to realize last year in your trip to Europe."

"No,"replied Frank, "I have never gone to the mountains. I

have seen them from the distance, to me they are just masses of blue earth and rocks, with scattered vegetation on them, which have no attraction. As for dogs, rods, and guns, how can they be

companionable to man, one a dumb, unreasoning brute, the others inanimate, lifeless things?"

"You know,"replied George, "that something must be done to strengthen nerves which are shattered with over work, to rest the tired brain, to tighten the relaxed muscles. You have been

abroad and returned little benefited. You long for change,

and for diversion have gone to the pool room, the bowling alley, and the card table, where you have wasted your money, injured your reputation, and lost your faith.

"You have not gone to the mountains and woods because to you, seeing them only from afar, they are devoid of interest.

Come with me, Frank, and let us become acquainted with this

A SUMMER OUTING 699

mountain at close range. Let us contemplate its crenelated walls

of rock, compared with which Warwick and Windsor castles sink into insignificance. Let us visit its beautiful glens, and climb

to the top of its mighty peaks, descend into the depths of its shadowy canyons where the sun never shines, and gaze from its top on the valley below. Let us gather the flowers which grow

upon its slopes, the berries on the creek bottoms, and breathe the perfume of spruce and cedar. Let us study the finny denizens

of its brooks and lakes, the animal life which abounds in its jungles, the feathered beauties which sing and build their nests in the branches of its trees. Let us search in its rockribbed

sides for the treasures which are hidden there, and drink from its life giving springs. To you, who have only seen it from afar,

the mountain has no attraction, but to me, knowing it as I do, there is a world, a universe hidden in its bosom which draws me to it whether I will or no.

"You find no companionship in a dog, because you do not know him. Senator Vest was right when he said that in this

world of selfishness and strife the one absolutely unselfish friend of man is the dog. You know that in adversity those who appeared to be your friends have forsaken you. You have seen

children turn against their parents, wives against their husbands, brethren betray their coreligionists. The perfidy of man, whom

you glorify, is in evidence everywhere; who ever heard of treachery on the part of a dog! Come with me, Frank, leave the city,

leave the works of man, and get near to nature, let us spend this year's vacation in the mountains."

"Well, I cannot be more disappointed than with my trip abroad last year. When are we to start, and what preparations

are necessary for the trip?"

"We will start two weeks from tomorrow. Besides a suit of

ordinary clothing you will need a khaki suit, strong shoes, leggings and a broadbrimmed hat. Bring your kodak with you.

I will furnish all else which may be required."

Photo by George Ed. Anderson, Springville, Utah.

KIRTLAND TEMPLE, OHIO East fork of the Chagrin river, in the foreground.

The corner stone of the Kirtland temple, the first temple erected by the Latterday Saints, was laid in July, 1833. The finished structure,

now no longer owned by the people who built it, nor used for the purposes for which temples are erected, was dedicated in March, 1836.

The Indian missionaries (Doctrine and Covenants, 32) found in

Kirtland, the Campbellite community who had many of their temporal affairs in common. Sidney Rigdon, one of the community, a reformed

Baptist preacher, was converted, and after two or three weeks labor by the missionaries, they baptized some 127 converts, to whom was later added more than one thousand.

Joseph Smith as a Statesman

VL—JOSEPH SMITH, A PRACTICAL SOCIOLOGIST

The membership of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints grew rapidly, and as the converts to the new system began to gather at certain designated parts of the country in considerable groups, social organizations became necessary. It

will therefore be interesting to examine the social structure established by Joseph Smith to make it possible for these people to live together in peace and amity and to make the religious, industrial, social, and educational undertakings successful. The human elements found in several towns and villages

were sufficiently varied to make the problem of even holding them together a difficult one. In the beginning, the new converts came from all parts of the United States and later from

Europe. Naturally they had a diversity of opinions due to their

training and education. Furthermore, the environment was entirely new and a great many possessed no knowledge of agriculture, the predominating industry. To this diversity of ideas

was added, before long, people representing several languages.

To conciliate these different peoples with conflicting ideas and interests, was certainly a difficult task. The sociologist is

interested in knowing what common interests could be found that would hold these people together, for they have been held together until the membership of the Church now numbers hundreds of thousands. The "Mormons"readily attribute the

success in a large part to religious influence and careful organization. The sociologist, however, is inclined to look further

to see if at the same time other social forces were not also employed. By this it is not meant that the sociologist does not recognize the great efficiency of a strong common religious belief

as a powerful factor in making for a common interest. Religion

did much to bring about on the part of these people a recognition of the consciousness of kind. Joseph Smith, however,

possessed too keen a knowledge of human nature not to employ in addition to religion such other social forces as might increase human interest.

Religion John Fiske tells us that no race exists that does not possess a belief in a God of some kind. If this statement is true, and

the writer does not doubt it, it indicates that the religious feellessons for weekly joint M. I. A. meetings up to June Conference.

702 IMPROVEMENT ERA

ing is a deep seated human attribute. At all events, since written history began, religion has always played a very important

role in controlling men and their activities. It has made or

shaped many human institutions and very properly continues to control men's lives to a great extent. As a sociologist, Joseph

Smith, the organizer of a new church, appealed strongly to this element in order to secure unity of action of his people.

The chapel or church, commonly spoken of as the meetinghouse by the Saints, was in the beginning the center of all community activities. Services were frequent and so diversified in their nature that nearly every one was given some position that called for activity or trust. This drew the adherents

close to the organization and secured their active cooperation in all religious matters. In other words, it really made them

feel that they were part of the system. They were interested

in the system because they were helping to make it. It brought

about a unity of purpose and a coordination of action as nothing else could have done. It constantly brought members

of the group into relationship with each other and was a means of making them interested in their religion, working at all times, as Joseph Smith believed for the betterment of the individual. The idea held before them was that a truly religious

man made a better farmer, mechanic, or business man than an irreligious one. He taught that an incompetent workman could

not be a good Latterday Saint.

Economic Activities Joseph Smith early recognized that it was not a profitable undertaking to preach spiritual salvation to men on empty stomachs, so that the economic conditions of his people were of much concern to him. In Lesson II it was shown how the

prophet had planted his people on the soil so that their material wants could be especially cared for. Agriculture for people on the western frontiers, with very little capital, was the

most productive industry. By locating families near together

on the soil, both their spiritual and material welfare could be provided for and easily supervised. Frequently in the early

stages of social development, the religious and the material were closely knit together, a perfectly natural condition among a homogeneous people. As a result, both in the Mississippi Valley

and in Utah, the Church has led in a variety of undertakings that concerned the material as well as the spiritual welfare of its people. It has built bridges, constructed roads, reclaimed desert

lands, furnished poor settlers with seed, and established factories. In fact, it has interested itself in almost every industry

that would improve the welfare of its people. The problems

were so difficult in many instances that they could not be solved

JOSEPH SMITH AS A STATESMAN 703

otherwise. In establishing new towns the Church did not allow

a body of settlers unskilled in pioneering, to go out alone and fail, as has been too often the case with other societies. If

a new settlement was contemplated, it was undertaken as a group movement properly organized with a competent leader who was familiar with the work he was chosen to supervise.

Before action was taken, a definite policy was marked out and a group sufficiently large to carry it into effect was selected.

From the days of Independence, Missouri, to the present time, such has been the policy of the leaders of the "Mormon"Church, and Joseph Smith set the example.

When settlements were made the plan embodied the private ownership and cultivation of the soil. At the same time

industries which concerned the entire community were carried on cooperatively, whether it was a factory, a store, or when the

Saints came west, an irrigation canal; all were invited to

become members of the cooperative industry. Seldom were

beneficial projects allowed to fail for want of leadership or supplies. The "Mormon"Church frequently intervened to save necessary industries from hankruptcy. As soon, however, as the cooperative undertakings were on their feet, the Church support

was usually withdrawn and directed into new channels. Tim

policy was followed with a view of developing qualities of economic independence and self reliance with its people. This

policy, laid out by the Prophet Joseph Smith, has been followed in subsequent undertakings until at present it is generally conceded that the Latterday Saints are the best colonizers in the West. But after all it is the application of the principle of

the unity of group action with competent leadership that has made the Saints economically successful in every locality in which they have settled.

In the arrangement of communities, Joseph Smith possessed some very definite ideas. He preferred the town or village community to the open country. It lent itself very much better to

unity of group action. The towns were laid out in blocks, and

members of the Church were encouraged as far as possible to settle down on a town lot and not on their farms. This made

the different forms of social intercourse easier to carry on.

The chapel or meetinghouse, was really the community center and was used for a variety of purposes. The lands adjoining

the villages were divided into areas sufficiently large to support a family and each person desiring to farm was allotted a piece of land and those, who, by training or desire, were qualified to practice business trades or professions, were encouraged to do so. In this way everybody was provided with the means of supporting himself and family. From the earliest days of the

Church to the present, the employment of its members has re704 IMPROVEMENT ERA

ceived thoughtful attention from the Church organization and the Church system has certainly made the economic welfare of its people an important consideration.

Recreation

In the Doctrine and Covenants, section 136:28, it

reads: "If thou art merry, praise the Lord with singing, with

music, with dancing, and with a prayer of praise and thanksgiving."Following these instructions, Joseph Smith was directly interested in sports and amusements of all sorts. In his

maturity he would often go out on the playgrounds and participate in the games with the children just like a youth of school age. He encouraged games and sports of a legitimate nature

among all classes of his people, for he realized their value in physiological training as well as a means of socializing the people and bringing them nearer together. Dancing and theatricals of a legitimate nature are regularly practiced as a part of

"Mormon"community activities. Before proper halls could be

provided these activities were carried on in the meetinghouses where, in order to emphasize their religious nature, they were opened and closed by prayer. Going with these activities was

the encouragement of the study of music. The Prophet's point

of view was certainly in advance of his time, for it is only in recent years that the necessity of community amusements have been fully realized as a means of proper recreation; yet we fully

comprehend today that legitimate amusements and sports are necessities for a healthy community life.

Education For any people to be progressive they naturally must be interested in education. Joseph Smith taught that "No man can

be exalted but by knowledge."Again he says, "Intelligence is

the path to the Gods, and knowledge is the first rung of the ladder to heaven."The 24th Section of the Charter of the City of

Nauvoo, Illinois, reads as follows: "The City Council

may establish and organize an institution of learning within the limits of the City for the teaching of the arts, sciences, and learned professions, to be called the University of the City of

Nauvoo."At the first meeting of the City Council in Nauvoo,

Illinois, a university was organized in accordance with the provisions of the charter. Schools were also established for the

children. Joseph Smith in many of his writings indicates very

clearly that only intelligent persons can serve God properly and that ignorance is a heavy load for any people to carry. The

same educational spirit characterizes the movement of the Saints to the Great Basin. A school for children in the "Old Fort"

JOSEPH SMITH AS A STATESMAN 705

was opened, October, 1847, and the University of Deseret was established by legislation, February, 1850. In its charter, the

University of Deseret was authorized to teach arts, sciences, philosophy, literature and language. From that day to the present,

the Latterday Saints have increased their educational facilities as fast as the wealth of the commonwealth would permit. Critics

from older commonwealths have sometimes criticized the "Mormons"for not founding better educational facilities in the early days. If they will, however, compare the schools and the wealth

of the new western commonwealth with the schools and the wealth of the older eastern commonwealths, the Saints will appear in a favorable light. If they will go further and make a comparison between the educational facilities of "Mormon"communities and the surrounding western communities, now or at any

previous time, they will certainly stand out prominently.

Space will not permit the consideration, in this lesson, of other sociological elements employed by Joseph Smith in the organization of community life. Discussion, however, has progressed sufficiently for us to see that Joseph Smith possessed

a statesmanlike grasp of the sociological principles necessary to bring together and to hold together, people of diversified interests. The towns and villages established included a very great

variety of people differing in training, education, nationality, etc. From the sociological point of view, to take a few persons

out of each of different assimilated groups and to bring them together so as to form new assimilated groups working measurably well in unison, is an extraordinarily difficult undertaking.

Hundreds of times all over the world, such attempts have failed.

Through employing the religious, economic, recreational, educational and other elements in human life, Joseph Smith succeeded, where others with similar undertakings, based upon a less comprehensive grasp of sociological principles, have failed.

The success of the "Mormon"settlements and institutions throughout the world is the best evidence obtainable that Joseph Smith had a good understanding of the underlying principles of practical sociology.

QUESTIONS

(1) What is sociology?

(2) How was religion used as a means of holding the Latterday

Saints together?

(3) What is a civic center?

(4) What were the advantages of the Church helping the Latterday Saints economically?

(5) How does the recreational spirit unite the people of a community?,. (6) Why do the Latterday Saints believe in education.'

(7) How have they fostered education?

706 IMPROVEMENT ERA

VII.—JOSEPH SMITH, A PATRIOT

Webster defines a patriot as "One who loves his country and zealously supports its authority and interests."

By words from his own mouth and by his works, we shall attempt to show that Joseph Smith possessed all the attributes of a patriot.

The first thing to be observed is that Joseph Smith is a direct descendant of revolutionary stock. His father had likewise fought

in several battles in his country's wars. He had seen many of his

companions shot down by his side, so it can hardly be charged that he was descended from cowardly ancestors, or that his family had not done its part in obtaining and maintaining the freedom of the Republic. It would hardly be expected that a

father who had fought for his country and its independence would fail to teach his children to love their country, to have faith in its institutions, and to support its government. From

birth to death, Joseph Smith showed the effects of his early education in loyalty. Though he was tried upwards of fifty

times, being acquitted each time, he never lost faith in the

American Republic and its institutions.

Love of Country Just prior to his death, in 1844, he said: "The wisdom which

ought to characterize the freest, wisest, and most noble nation of the nineteenth century, should, like the sun in its meridian splendor, warm every object beneath its rays; and the main efforts of her officers, who are nothing more or less than the servants of the people, ought to be directed to ameliorate the condition of all, black or white, bond or free."

Continuing, he says, "Our common country presents to all men the same advantages, the same facilities, the same prospects, the same honors and the same rewards."Two quotations from

subsequent paragraphs read as follows, "The very name 'American'is fraught with friendship and were I President of the United

States, I would honor the old paths of the venerated fathers of freedom: I would walk in the tracks of the illustrious patriots

who carried the ark of the government upon their shoulders with an eye single to the glory of the people."

Constitution Inspired

But Joseph Smith went further than merely to love and to believe in his country and its institutions. He held that its

Constitution was divinely inspired. Section 101:80 of the

Doc. and Cov., reads, "And for this purpose have I [God] esJOSEPH SMITH AS A STATESMAN 707

tablished the Constitution of this land [United States of America], by the hands of wise men whom I raised up unto this very purpose, and redeemed the land by the shedding of blood."

In section 134:1 of the Doc. and Cov., the Prophet says,

in outlining the belief of the Latterday Saints:

We believe that governments were instituted of God for the benefit of man, and that he holds men accountable for their acts in relation to them, either in making laws or administering them, for the good and safety of society.

In the same section, verse 5, the Prophet is very specific in his statement of the obligations of himself and the Latterday

Saints in sustaining the governments under which they may live.

The verse reads as follows

We believe that all men are bound to sustain and uphold the respective governments in which they reside, while protected in their inherent and inalienable rights by the laws of such governments.

The next verse reads:

We believe that every man should be honored in his station: rulers

and magistrates as such, being placed for the protection of the innocent, and the punishment of the guilty; and that to the laws, all men owe respect and deference, as without them peace and harmony would be supplanted by anarchy and terror. * * *

The foregoing quotations are sufficient to show Joseph

Smith's love for his country and his support of its institutions.

Perhaps nowhere by a religious leader are to be found such strict injunctions in respect to observing and upholding the constitution and laws of the nation. Although his followers were driven

from state to state and their property was confiscated, never once did he advocate violence or even force except when the

Saints were actually set upon. Then he believed that self defense was justified.

Joseph Smith was also interested in the country's welfare.

Neither did he take a narrow view of patriotism or national interest. In previous lessons, we have seen how he proposed to

guard and promote the national welfare by a constructive national program.

Practical Patriot

I He real, But after all, Joseph Smith was a practical patriot.

ized, as perhaps no other religious leader had, that, The idle mind is the devil's workshop"and that if men were to be law 708 IMPROVEMENT ERA

abiding and contented, they must have something profitable to do. Some employment must be provided whereby they could

provide themselves with an honorable living through honest labor; that teachings, however elevated and high minded, would

not make an orderly law abiding people where want stalked abroad. He felt much like a recent writer on sociology, who

says: "The result is that as much cant is being preached in

the name of social service as was ever preached in the name of spirituality. This is to be expected of those who do not realize

that all productive work, such as growing corn, wheat or cattle, to feed the world, growing wool or cotton to clothe the world, is social service; and that the best social service which the average man can perform is to do his regular work well."The

Prophet Joseph Smith felt very much this way in regard to patriotism. To the average man it meant living his religion,

loving his country, obeying its laws, building a house, feeding his family and educating his children. These were the foundation principles taught by the Prophet Joseph Smith to his followers. Such a policy and the successful adoption of it by hundreds of thousands of American citizens certainly made him a

patriot.

Summary J

i In the foregoing lessons we have attempted in a brief way to evaluate Joseph Smith in the field of statesmanship. The

discussions have shown his great practical knowledge of human psychology, his understanding of the importance of religion in life, his grasp of economic and political problems, both national and local, his wise counsel as to their solution, his ability to guide large bodies of men and women and to render them valuable service, his development of community life, his advocacy of law and order, his love of country and, finally, his ability to use and embody successfully all of these principles in working social institutions. His success is evidenced by hundreds of

thousands of Latterday Saints in the world.

QUESTIONS

(1) Who is a patriot?

(2) From what stock does Joseph Smith come?

(3) What was his belief in the constitution?

(4) How did he feel that the ordinary man could best show his patriotism?

(The End) Underwood & Underwood, N. Y.

A RESTING PLACE OF AMERICAN DEAD IN FRANCE

Memories of the war are already glimmering, but those who visit the cemeteries in France and see the fateful result of the war, will never forget.

This photograph shows the American Cemetery at Suresnes, near Paris,

France. The French government and people are caring for the graves and

keeping the cemetery in perfect condition.

Died in Service

The "Era"will be pleased to receive short sketches from parents ort friends, of soldiers who gave their lives in our country's cause in the Great

War, and who have not yet been mentioned in this column. Address, Editor

"Era,"Room 406 Church Office Building, Salt Lake City, Utah. For complete index see "Era"for November, 1919.

Private William Squires, of Salt Lake City, was reported killed in action, in France, in the casualty list published November 9, 1918.

Corporal George R. Day, of Bountiful, was killed in action in France,

September 17, 1917. He entered the service of the United States; and in

June, 1917, he left Camp Lewis for overseas.

Privates Martin Sanders, of Richmond, Utah, and Lavon A. Marshall,

of Franklin, Idaho, died of wounds received in action, in France, according to reports issued by the war department the latter part of November, 1918.

Frederick F. Smaltz, born South Weber, Davis county, Utah, December 18, 1887, and son of Mrs. F. Smaltz, was killed in action October 3,

1918, in the Argonne Forest. He was drafted May 27, 1918, and was in

Company M, 109th infantry.

John Gunnell Darley, of Wellsville, Utah, 29 years of age, died of influenza and pneumonia, October 12, 1918, at Fort Logan, Colorado. He

entered the army October 1, 1918, and is survived by his wife, one child, mother, father, brother and two sisters.

Private George Benson Parkinson, son of President William C. Parkinson of the Hyrum stake, and wife, died at the Agricultural College,

Loga'n, one day during the last week of October, 1918, and was buried 3, 1918.with military honors, at the Logan cemetery, November

710 IMPROVEMENT ERA

William Wallace Asher, of Lehi, died November 23, 1918, at Douglas,

Arizona. He was the son of Mr. and Mrs. William Asher. Influenza was

the cause of death. He enlisted in the United States cavalry two years

prior, at the age of 16. He was a lieutenant's orderly at the time of his

death.

Amasa Lyman Green, Jr., son of Amasa Lyman and Ada Cutler Green,

of Mona, Utah, died in the service of his country at Camp Funston, Kansas, October 18, 1918, of influenza. He was born at Clendale, Kane county,

Utah, June 8, 1896. He enlisted in the engineering corps and left home

July 29, 1918. His remains were shipped to Mona, Utah, for burial.

The death of George P. Ketcham, of Cowley, "Wyoming, at sea, October

It, 1918, was announced in due time. He and his brother, Dote, left

Cowley, June 13, for Logan, Utah, to take special training preparatory to going to France. He was buried with military honors at sunrise, the morning following his death. He was the first Cowley boy to die in the war.

Private Russell Muir, of Heber City, died in a hospital in France, of influenza, according to a message to his sister, Mrs. Clifton Pierce,

of Springville, Utah, received the latter part of November, 1918. He wa

23 years old. Mr. Muir was a member of an artillery regiment. He was

trained at the University of Colorado, at Boulder, and went to France in

September, 1918.

Private Henry M. Zabriskie, son of Mr. and Mrs. William Zabriskie,

of Mt. Pleasant, Sanpete co., Utah, 26 years of age, was killed in action

in France, October 1, 1918. He entered the service in April of that year,

and went to France the following July. Before enlisting, he was a member

of the national guard and took part in the military expedition on the

Mexican frontier, in 1916.

Corporal Arthur R. Green was killed in action, October 5, 1918,

according to a telegram received by bis parents, Mr. and Mrs. George R.

Green of Murray. The young man was a member of the 362nd infantry and

was trained at Camp Lewis. He left Salt Lake Sept. 19, 1917. Corporal

Arthur Green was the first Winder ward boy to be killed in action. He

was a nephew of the late Bishop Orrin P. Miller.

Private Ebbie Christensen, son of Mr. and Mrs. N. C. Christensen,

of Lehi, Utah, died of influenza, November 1, 1918, at the Presidio, San

Francisco, California, 26 years of age. Mr. Christensen enlisted August

2 and joined the students'army training corps at the University of Utah where he was in training until October 18, when he was sent to the Presidio.

He was a member of the coast artillery.

Private Bert Spackman, son of Mr. and Mrs. Elijah Spackman, of

Richmond, Utah, was reported killed in action in France, some time during the month of October, 1918. He is said to have been the second soldier of

Richmond, Utah, to die in his country's service. He left September 21, 1917,

for Camp Lewis, in company with Ephraim Woodland, and arrived in

France early in July, 1918. He and Woodland were members of the same

machinegun corps.

Cyril Arthur Gooding, son of W. J. Gooding, CardsTon, Alberta, Canada, died in action, at Vimy Ridge, April 9, 1917. At the age of 14, he

came to Cardston, from Chatham, Kent, England with his parents in

March, 1912. He was an attendant of the public schools in Cardston. He

DIED IN SERVICE 711

joined the Lethbridge Highlanders, January 10, 1916, passed firstclass on signals and firstclass as marksman. Leaving Canada for England,

September, 1916, he was transfered to the 16th CanadianScottish Regiment, on volunteering for the front, was sent to France in October, 1916, and fell in action at Vimy Ridge, on April 9, 1917.

Orson J. Kunz, son of Mr. and Mrs. Daniel Kunz, both of whom are

dead, died of Pneumonia at Kelly's Field, San Antonio, Texas, December 7, 1918. He was born May 11, 1891, in Bern, Idaho, and enlisted in the

Aviation Section, December 15, 1917, and for a time was stationed at Fort

Douglas. He was later sent to Lake Charles, La., then to Waco, Texas. In

June, 1917, he graduated from the Brigham Young Academy at Logan, Utah.

He is survived by a stepmother, six sisters and eleven brothers. His body

was brought home and buried in the Bern, Idaho, cemetery.

Frank Alma Maughn, nineteen years of age, son of Mr. and Mrs. M.

E. Maughn, Salt Lake City, Utah, died December 20, 1918, at the hospital

at Fort Douglas, of an attack of influenza, followed by pneumonia. Young

Maughn was a member of the S. A. T. C, at the University of Utah, and a

former student of the L. D. S. U. Before his military service, he was

employed as a register clerk at the Hotel Utah. Besides his parents, he is

survived by his sister, Mrs. Clara Maughn Richardson, and five brothers,

four of whom were in the army. Wesley and William were members of the

145th Field Artillery in France, and Edwin and Benjamin were in the service in this country.

Captain John Crum, of Pocatello, Idaho, was killed September 29, 1917, in the battle of the Argonne Forest. He was 35 years of age. He had been

a commissioned officer under Madero in Mexico; had fought with the

British; was in China during the Boxer uprising, and passed through the

Philippine campaign. After two and a half years'service with the famous

British hussars, he came to the United States and entered the service when

America entered the world war.

Captain Conrad E. Mortensen, of Ephraim, Sanpete co., Utah, died

in a hospital in France, September 27, 1919, the cause of death not stated.

Captain Mortensen was born at Ephraim 30 years ago, and was a practicing dentist when he went into the service of the government. He was

a graduate of Northwestern university. Went to Camp Lewis for training, he was promoted to a captaincy before he went to France in the spring

of 1918. Captain Mortensen served with a dental corps in the Ninetyfirst

division and also with the 145th field artillery. Shortly before leaving for

France Captain Mortensen married Miss Afton Parrish of Centerville, who survives him.

Ross Moore, Heber City, Utah, son of Caleb and Jane Carlile Moore, born in Idaho, in 1887, was killed in action on the day he went into battle,

September 26, 1918, in France. From the time he was seven years old,

he made his home with his grandfather and step granamother, Mr. and

Mrs. George Carlile, Heber City. After the war was declared, he tried

several times to enlist, but was not physically able until May 1, 1918, when he left for Camp Lewis. He sailed for overseas on July 6, 1918; went

into battle on September 26, 1918, and was killed in action the same day.

He leaves a mother, a brother, and a sister, in Salt Lake City, and an aged step grandmother in Heber.—T. Fred Winterton.

Raymond C. Hanford, born Salt Lake City, thirtyeight years ago, died

Tuesday, August 12, 1919, in Salt Lake City, and his funeral took place from the Emerson ward chapel, on the 14th, Bishop Lloyd having charge of 712 IMPROVEMENT ERA

the services. Mr. Hanford attended the schools of Salt Lake City, and in

1900 took the civil service examination, being appointed to the postoffice,

Salt Lake City. He was later transferred to the railway service, and in

March, 1917, he was called to France, to serve in the postal service of the

American Expeditionary Forces. He served as postmaster with the first

division United States army. After the armistice, he was transferred to

the sixth division, and sent to Germany. He arrived from Germany in Salt

Lake City, July 31, 1919, and immediately took to his bed. He is survived

by his widow, Elise Larson Hanford, and four daughters.

Lenoy Quincy Eyres, son of James W. and Rosella Murdock Eyres,

born November 19, 1897, Minersville, Utah, died at Logan, Utah, October 21, 1918. He received his early education in the public schools, graduating from the eighth grade at the age of 15, entered the Murdock Academy at Beaver, where he completed his first year in high school. He was

deprived of attending school in 191415, owing to sickness and other misfortune, and spent his time helping his father on the farm, using his spare time in working for the different auxiliary organizations of the

Church. He filled every office in the Aaronic Priesthood, and was secretary of the Y. M. M. I. A. for two years. In 1916 he entered the Minersville high school, completing his second year in the spring of 1917. Entering the Beaver A. C, that fall was chosen one of the members of the

State Athletic Club, his activity making him especially popular and respected by all his associates. He volunteered early in the summer of

1918, in his country's cause, leaving home on the 27th of September, 1918, to enter the S. A. T. C. at Logan, Utah. He passed a first class physical

examination on the second day of October. A few weeks later, he was

stricken with influenza and died October 21, 1918. Several of his officers

and teachers said in letters to the family: "To know him, was to love him."

Howard J. Hales was born at Spanish Fork, Utah, April 5, 1894, son of

George and Eliza Brockbank Hales. He received his education in the

district schools of Spanish Fork, and at the hlmv i ga Brigham Youug University. For eight years

he was very active in athletics, being captain of the Spanish Fork high school team, in 1914,

F* "- when they earned the state championship in basketball. He played on the Brigham Young

University college team two yesrs, and went back to Chicago with the B. Y. U. team, in

1916, when they received second place in the world's championship teams in basketball. He

was a leader in all the school activities. In thea8SI m$:; four years he attended high school, he was Stu- % dent Body president, president of the Agricultural Club, and captain of the basketball team

Howard J. Hales for two years. He would have finished his studies in the Brigham Young University and taken his degree, in one more year,

from the time he entered the service of the United States. He was stationed at

Camp Lewis where he arrived September 10, 1917; he returned home for a

short furlough, May 1, 1918, returned to Camp Lewis, and sailed from New

York for France, July 5, 1918. Howard was killed in a railroad wreck at

Bonnieres France, July 23, 1918, and buried at Freneuse, together with 29 of his comrades, a few days later. His brother, H. Milton, a U. S. soldier

in France, at the time, later visited the cemetery and dedicated Howard's grave, also the graves of two other "Mormon"boys who are resting beside him.

DIED IN SERVICE 713

Harmon T. Draney, son of Samuel E. and Clemence A. Draney of

Auburn, Wyo., born in Plain City, Weber County, Utah, March 21, 1896,

was killed in action November 8, 1918, in the village of Eckhar, not far from Andenard. He was a member of company E.,

361st Infantry, 91st Division. He had been through

both the Argonne Drive and through the hard first three days drive of the Belgium battle without being hurt. He left for camp Lewis, October 4,

1917, went overseas in July, and into action on the 26th. He was the last man killed outright in

the 91st Division. He acted as a member of the

Sunday School Superintendency of Auburn, Wyoming, when drafted.

Don Crandall Wade, son of James M. and Isabel C. Wade, of Ogden, was killed in action June

15, 1918, in the battle of Belleau Wood. He enlisted in the early part of December, 1917, went

to Kelley Field, Texas, thence to Camp Hancock,

Georgia, in the latter part of December, and sailed with the Expeditionary Forces to France,

Harmon T. Draney April 4, 1918, arriving April 15. His last letter

was written the day following "Mothers'day,"and on July 10, 1918, he was reported missing in action. On June 15,

no further word was received of bim until October 14, 1918, when it was reported by the Red Cross, that two of his companions had stated that he vent over the top on June 15, one of them stated that he saw him fall, and that he never moved after. On March 14, 1919, his parents received

official notice of his death. He was born in Warren, Weber county,

Utah. Was a man of clean habits, and an active worker in the Church,

and was Assistant Superintendent in the Warren Sunday school at the time of his enlistment. He is survived by his parents, six brothers and

five sisters, he was the third son to enlist, Lester A. and Heber C. being

the other boys of the family who were in the army.

[The Y. M. M. I. A. Stake Board of the Taylor stake, Alberta, Canada,

have compiled a few facts concerning the Latterday Saint boys from that stake, who gave their lives in the World War. Many Alberta boys went

over with the early Canadian contingents, several of whom made the supreme sacrifice, and now sleep in France and Flanders.—A. E. Palmer, Supt.;

E. J. Fawns, compiler.

From the information available the following gave their lives for the common cause of humanity] Pvt. Phillip Palmer, Magrath, son of Wm. and Harriet B. Palmer, born

at Loughborough, England, December 20, 1896, enlisted September 30, 1915, went overseas with the 82nd C. E. F., and was killed at Lens, June 3, 1917.

Pvt. George Baxter, Magrath, son of Wm. and Mary Lindsey Baxter,

born May 18, 1891, at Park City, Utah, enlisted in 1915, went overseas in

September of that year with the 175th. Batt. Was wounded and missing

November 6, 1917.

Pvt. Earl Betts, son of the late R. S. and Julia A. Betts of Raymond,

born May 10, 1890, at Benjamin, Utah, went overseas with the 113th Battalion, landing in France in November, 1916, killed in action, April 9, 1917.

while fighting gallantly with the 16th Canadian Scottish, at Vimy Ridge.

Pvt. Benjamin Carter, Grassy Lake, son of Caroline Carter Flew, age

21 years, born at Castle Gate, Utah, enlisted June 18, 1918, went overseas 714 IMPROVEMENT ERA

with the 84th draft, First Depot Battalion, transferred to the 21st reserves, in England, died of influenza, October 25, 1918, at Bramshot Military hospital.

Sapper William Howard, Raymond, son of John and Annie Sinnets Howard, born May 5, 1885, at Small Bridge, England, enlisted March 8, 1916, went overseas in September, 1916, wounded, gassed, shell shocked; in hospital at Brighton, England, sixteen weeks; died and buried at sea November 26, 1917. Sapper Howard is survived by a wife and two children.

Leroy V. Harris, Magrath, son of Chas. V. and Minerva Harris, born at

Lehi, Utah, August 25, 1893, enlisted in April, 1915, going overseas with the 113th Canadian Mounted Rifles, killed by shell shock at Vimy Ridge, June 27, 1917. Roy was always a faithful member of the Sunday School and M.

I. A., and took an active part in the Magrath Band.

Pvt. Newel K. Milner, Raymond, son of Mr. and Mrs. B. F. Milner,

born January 5, 1889, at Provo, Utah, enlisted December 8, 1916, went to

France with the 9th Reinforcement Draft, died of influenza, November 14, 1918, at the base hospital, Itaples, France, and is buried in the British cemetery, Douai, France. At the time of his death he had a brother in the

service in the U. S. forces.

Pvt. Reed Card, Raymond, son of Chas. W. and the late Alice Muir

Card, born May 18, 1892, at Logan, Utah, went over with the 113th Canadian

Highlanders, landing in France in October, 1916, fought witfl the Canadian forces at Vimy Ridge and on the Lens and Arras fronts, killed at Paschendale, October 26, 1917, and is buried in the Paschendale Waterloo PiU Box.

Reed was a fine type of young manhood, and was popular in his home town in social and athletic circles.

Corporal Jens Leslie Stevenson, Raymond, son of John G. and Elsie M.

Stevenson, born June 28, 1890, at Ephraim, Utah, departed for a mission to the Eastern States, December 20, 1916, and was assigned to labor in Pittsburg and vicinity. "While laboring as a missionary he was drafted into

the United States Army, although he might have been exempted for two reasons, being a minister and a Canadian citizen. October 4, he left Pittsburg

for Camp Lee, Va., where he was assigned to Co. F. F. 319th Infantry, 80th

Division, which left for overseas in May, 1918. While under heavy artillery

fire in the MeuseArgonne battle, he left cover to assist a wounded comrade, and was killed by a machine gun bullet while bandaging the comrade's wounds. He was posthumously awarded the distinguished Service Cross

which was sent to his father. While in the army, Leslie continued to preach

the gospel, and was called the "Parson,"by his company. He was requested to conduct a Bible class, and won the respect of all his associates.

The Test

By William Henry Peterson

"I know you will have a good time this summer, but I can't go,"said Fred Wilson, placing some heavy iron bolts against the picket fence which surrounded George Crawford's home.

Pretty Ruth Moffitt looked disappointed. "Can't go?"she

echoed, "I thought we were all going."

"So did I,"answered Fred; "but I am working, and it will

be impossible for me to get away."

to go.""I'm sorry, I wanted—that is—we wanted you

"Hello, there!"called a voice from the Crawford home.

George Crawford, recently returned from an eightmonths'visit in the city, was standing on the veranda of the magnificent

Crawford residence. "You're a pretty pair,"he continued, leaving the veranda. "How are you, anyway?"

"Just fine,"said Ruth, looking admiringly at the newcomer's "upto-theminute togs,"as he called them.

"Still kicking,"responded Fred.

George looked significantly at Fred's heavy, hightop, canyon shoes. "Looks like you could do some real kicking, all right,"

he said.

Fred wiped the sweat from his face with a large, red handkerchief, saying, as he did so: "It's either kick or sink with me."

Miss Moffitt glanced from the large, red handkerchief to the corner of the silk one protruding from George's pocket.

"Some sweat absorber you're sporting, eh, old chap?"

laughed George.

"Just right for this kind of work and weather,"replied

Fred, picking up his bolts. "July's a hot month, and iron's

heavy.""Then you won't go with us?"asked Ruth.

"Can't do it,"was the reply.

"Surely, you are going with us on our outing in the mountains,"exclaimed George, rubbing the dust from his Englishcut shoes. "Mother is going along as chaperon. We'll have the

time of our lives."

"Sorry I can't, George, but I shall need every cent I can there is Mr. McDonearn, to take me through school next—but

ald waving for me. I must be going."

716 IMPROVEMENT ERA

"Yes,"pouted Ruth, "you think more of those rough, uneducated men at the sawmill, than you do of us."

There was no time for Fred to reply. Re hurried off.

There was much to be done before he and Mr. McDonald could

leave for the mill. Supplies must be bought, clothes and tools

must be made ready, the wagon must be loaded, and the horses shod. Fred took the horses to the blacksmith. While there,

George sauntered by.

"If you have time, Fred,"he said, "you might come over and see us. Our camp will be near the mill. Besides, you might

be interested in knowing how well Ruth is being cared for."

Fred had food for reflection during the long ride up the lonely canyon road. "Why wasn't I born rich?"he mused.

"Professor Benson says it's a blessing to earn one's way, and I suppose it is, but it does seem it would be pleasant to wear fine clothes and have money given to me. So, Ruth Is going with

George. Well, I don't care,"and to prove to himself that he

didn't, he entered into conversation with the driver.

"How do you account for these small trees on this flat? They

are so scrubby and unattractive."

"These trees,"answered McDonald, "lack two of the essensoil and water; otherwise theytials of healthy growth—deep

would be the same as the trees elsewhere in the mountains."

"Just so,"thought Fred, "and if I. had fine clothes and

money, Ruth would not be going with George."During the remainder of the ride and the next few days his mind constantly

reverted to Ruth and George. He did not consider that he was

in love with Ruth, and yet he was hurt. Deep down in his soul,

he felt a sadness like that which comes to a child when its beautiful toy is broken. When one of the workmen spoke of the jolly

camping party over the ridge, he turned away his head and gazed into the distance where two ridges of the Black Mountains united under a covering of eternal snow.

The boss at the Lake Fork Lumbering mill had taken a liking to Fred and had shown him several considerations, and yet Fred hesitated about asking for a day off. However, the

boss consented willingly, and Fred left the mill in high spirits.

It was a pleasant walk over the grassy flat; around the lake

which timidly reflected the pine trees that grew at its edge; up

the dugWay to Castle Rock, where he stopped to drink from a gurgling spring; and then on over Pine Ridge to Pinehurst.

Pinehurst, an ideal mountain retreat, is situated on the upper terrace at the head of Lake Fork. Its crystalclear lake,

fringed with an abundance of flowers and trees, is charming.

Indeed, the place is so picturesque that campers always select it as their favorite resort, not only because of its scenic beauty, but also because of its location. Northward opens the great

THE TEST 717

ccve, to the west rises the snowcapped divide, the Blue Meadow and Black Mountain lie to the south, and vast untouched coal fields stretch toward the rising sun.

After his exhilarating walk in the cool mountain air, Fred found himself among jolly friends. The day was spent in fishing and merry making. How quickly the time passed! He

could scarcely believe his eyes when looking westward, he saw the sun nestling close to the snowcapped divide. He stopped

fishing, to admire the scene, and in its fascinating beauty forgot the fishing pole he had been holding so eagerly. It inclined listless in his hand until a sudden jerk! jerk! jerk!

awoke him from his reverie. He turned and pulled, but too late.

The silvery gleam of an escaping fish shot through the clear blue water.

"I'm afraid that you are a failure at fishing,"said a voice close behind him. He turned to see Ruth seated upon a red

rock which overhung the lake.

**I was admiring the beautiful sunset,"he began to explain.

"You mean that you were becoming indifferent to the 6port,"laughed Ruth.

"I suppose it looked that way, but really I enjoy fishing, and just because I forgot myself for a few moments, you should not criticize me so severely. Besides, you are somewhat forgetful yourself. When are you coming to visit the mill?"

"I don't think I shall come at all."

"Not come at all! But you told me last winter at school that

you were coming to see the mill."

"Yes, Fred, I know. Now, don't be offended, but the men

are so rough, so unpolished, I just know that I shouldn't enjoy my visit.""You say that the men are rough. Well, if coarse clothes

and hard work make rough men, you have told the truth, and therefore you consider us unfit to associate with."

"Why, Fred, you take me too seriously. I did not exactly

mean you. If you would only do as George says, wear fine

clothes and doll up a bit."

"If I did wear fine clothes,"interrupted Fred, "would that make me any better? I have often heard people say that fine

feathers make fine birds, and I have as often wondered what fine birds really mean—but there is Clarence calling us to supper."

Supper was soon over and a great camp fire lighted. The

crowd sat around on boxes and logs, telling stories and singing songs. The flickering light of the fire as it rose and fell cast

a weirdness over the night scene. The girls crowded together,

as the fantastic forms of the forest showed themselves, now here, now there. 718 IMPROVEMENT ERA

At ten o'clock everybody retired for the night. The girl's

tent soon became quiet, but in the boys'a conversation was carried on for some time. As the low, lazy voices ceased, there

arose from the forest the desolate "Yap! Yap!"of a lone coyote.

A few moments later someone crawled from one of the tents and crept stealthily into the forest. Then the stillness of the night

was again broken, not by the lone coyote, but by a hideous cry, half tiger, half human. It awoke the sleepers. The boys in their

shirt sleeves and barefooted stumbled excitedly about in the darkness for their guns. One, probably more thoughtful than

the others, set busily to work rebuilding the campfire. The

girls huddled together in the darkness of their tent, afraid to speak or move lest they attract the attention of this demon of the forest.

"Mrs. Crawford,"whispered someone at the tent door. The

girls, unable to control themselves, screamed in terror. It was a

few moments before Mrs. C. could gain control of her voice to

answer. "What is the matter?"she asked in agitated tones.

"It is I, Fred, speaking. Don't be frightened. There is nothing to fear now that the fire is burning brightly."As he finished, his hand tightened on his rifle and he walked silently

out into the darkness. As Fred disappeared, the boys crowded

up, whispering excitedly about something, but none of them seemed to have the courage to speak.

"Has anything dreadful happened?"asked Mrs. Crawford

from the tent.

"Mrs. Crawford,"answered one of the boys resolutely, "we

dread to tell you, but the truth is that we can't find George."As

he finished speaking another growl arose, echoed through the forest, and died away. Mrs. Crawford did not answer. She sank

back upon her bed unconscious. The awful thought that some

fierce beast had carried away her son was too terrible to realize.

There she lay helpless. What should be done? The girls tried

the simple remedies they could remember, but in vain. Their

beloved chaperon did not regain consciousness.

Fred held his rifle in his hand as he crawled through the bushes, but really he did not see of what use it would be in the present instance. While he was wondering how to proceed, he

heard the snapping of dry twigs to the right. Turning, he said

in a low voice. "Speak, or I fire!"

"Don't shoot!"whined a voice in the dark.

"No, George Crawford, I won't shoot, but when you get to camp, you may wish that I had."

"Why, what do you mean?"questioned George,

THE TEST 719

"Only that by your nonsense, you have frightened your mother and the girls dreadfully."

"But I was only playing a joke, and surely, Fred, you ought to be able to take a joke."

"Yes, I can take a joke, but you must remember that it is different with your mother and the girls, but come, we must return to camp and explain this joke of yours."

The story was soon told and the girls felt at ease. Mrs. Crawford, however, remained unconscious, and it soon became evident

that she was in a serious condition and that a physician must be brought at once. The camp was eighteen miles from the nearest settlement. The night was dark. The untraveled mountain

roads were hard to follow and of late had become dangerous because of the recent floods. Who would go? No one volunteered.

"Will no one go, to save the life of a dying woman?"sobbed Ruth.

"Someone shall go, if no one else, then I will make the attempt,"said Fred, "but I thought someone else would like to go for a mother's sake."He stood a moment waiting. No one

answered; then, picking up a strong maple stick, he strode away

into the night.

What happened during that night journey remains a secret between Fred and his God. It was ten o'clock the following

morning when he returned with the doctor. He did not remain

at Pinehurst but hurried on to the mill, where he was put to work.

That evening after work, as he sat in the door of his tent thinking over his experience with the jolly crowd over the ridge,

Ruth rode into camp. She rode straight up to his tent.

"I've come,"she said, as she jumped from her horse.

Fred could do nothing but stare.

"I've come to see the mill,"she continued, "and to tell you

glad,"he stammered, "that you have come; that isthat TmMrs. Crawford is better."

that Mrs. Crawford has improved; but you cannot see the mill

tonight. You must call again, if you can condescend to do so."

His words had changed from the torrid to the frigid zone.

"Condescend? Why, I consider it a pleasure."

"But, what about the rough men?"

"Fred, I want you to forgive me for what I said about the men. I was foolish, and last night I began to realize what a terrible mistake I have been making."

"Why, Ruth, are you in earnest?"

"A confessor was never more serious,"she answered sweetly.

"Then I'll walk back with you. You know,"he added playfully, "just to see how Mrs. Crawford is."

Monti, Utah.

The Sacred Grove

By Charles F. Steele

(An extract from the writer's diary, entered in May, 1919.)

A lifelong hope was realized this morning when, in company with adorable little Palmyra, tiny hostess of the old Smith homestead, I found myself nearing the Sacred Grove. It was

the Sabbath. Stillness reigned over the countryside. The fog,

which had hung low during my journey from Rochester, had lifted, revealing the full brightness of the sun. The fields and

woodlands were flooded with the welcome warmth, the blades of grass sparkled like living gems. The birds piped melody from

tree to tree. In the distance, the red roofs and steeples of Palmyra arose. And yonder, is it not the village graveyard? The

white stones mark the restingplaces of simple folk who in the flesh gazed in derision at the Grove.

The Sacred Grove is not unlike the other groves in this particular neighborhood. And yet, to me there is a difference,

as there is in the Sacred Hill, a few miles to the south. As one

draws near he instinctively feels the spirit of the holy spot. He

treads more lightly, fearful that the snapping of a twig may break the spell. The head is bared as memory of the wondrous

story fills the mind.

"This is the Grove,"said Palmyra, simply, divining my desire to be undisturbed in my devotions.

We entered together, soon reaching the heart of the wood.

"This is where little Joseph prayed,"said Palmyra softly, pointing to a particular tree which tradition says marks the spot where a child's faith moved the heavens and called to earth the Father and the Son.

In silence I meditated, and in overflowing gratitude my soul teemed with rejoicing unto the Most High. Such joy I

never felt before: as, if this mute earth could speak would it

not confirm the visions moving in grand succession before my eyes?

Sacred Grove, I pray thee, speak. Tell me the story

from thy very lips. Speak to this generation. Are all these

glories true?

Breathless, I waited for the answer, my heart thrilled with heavenly emotions. In a moment the answer came to my soul,

soft yet vivid as the music of the leaves

THE SACRED GROVE 721

'Tis true. I well recall the morn when Joseph came to

pray. I loved the child, and always in the springtime welcomed

his return. Like the birds he was a carrier of gladness, strong

of limb and bright of eye. This morn I shall not forget, so

strange was that which fell beneath my view. He came—theboy—and looked about in youthful fear. The day was calm

like this. In sympathy, I held my breath for fear of frightening

the tender lad. And then, I saw him fall upon his knees, with

eyes turned toward the sky. He prayed, and it seemed that all

the universe stood still and hung upon a thread. Soon the sun

seemed darkened. A power, black as the blackest night, seized

the praying lad. I, too, did feel the wicked presence, shaking

as I do before the winter gales. But still did Joseph pray. Ere

long I felt a peaceful, heavenly spirit soothe the world, and lo!

descending from the clouds I saw two Personages arrayed in white of purest hue. My bosom heaved with ecstasy. The

birds gushed o'er with harmonies divine. The flowers changed

to blooms of paradise. And a Voice, gentle and kind, yet piercing like the lightning flash, addressed the kneeling boy:

"'This is my beloved Son. Hear him!'

"And then One spoke in tones much like the First. And

Joseph listened, his face illumined in the glorious light. In

time, the Voice ceased, the light slowly faded, and then, 'twas gone. Then the youthful seer arose. I spoke to him in voice

we oft had used. And Joseph, strengthened, melted into joyous

tears.""'Palmyra, Palmyra, dear! Did you not hear the story of

the Grove?'I cried.

"My only answer was the rustle of the leaves. The child

had gone.*'

Raymond, Canada A Hymn of Humanity

The joyful theme of liberty Humanity to man must be;

One brotherhood of all the race

O'er land and sea, in ev'ry place.

Let love of man our race redeem,

Till men their fellow men esteem;

Spread wide the love, extend the good

Of universal brotherhood!

Joseph Longking Townsend Joseph the Seer

By Dr. George H. Brimliall, President of the Brigham Young University

"For Joseph"[who was sold into Egypt] "truly testified saying: A

choice seer will I raise up, out of the fruit of thy loins."* * * "Behold

that seer will the Lord bless and they that seek to destroy him shall be confounded."* * * "And his name shall be called after me, and it

shall be after the name of his father. And he shall be like unto me, for

the thing which the Lord shall bring forth by his hand, by the power of the Lord, shall bring my people unto salvation."Book of Mormon, II

Nephi 3.

Joseph Smith was more than an ordinary seer; he was a

choice seer, a seer of promise.

The promise of his coming was given as long before Christ as the discovery of America was after Christ. To his premortal

training and foreordination were added earthly environment, instruction, and experience, and he received from on high the power and privilege of viewing the field of truth to the extent of obtaining knowledge of "things as they are, as they were, and as they are to come."

He saw God the Father, in person; also his Son, the resurrected Redeemer, one hundred years ago in the sacred grove at

Palmyra. From the time of his first vision, until his death, he

was at intervals privileged to be in the presence of the Savior of the world. He enjoyed the personal companionship of the reembodied messenger from heaven, Moroni, the custodian of the

sacred records.

He saw John the Baptist and also the resurrected apostles,

Peter, James and John, and from them received authority to act for God the Father and his Son Jesus Christ in the name of the latter. He communed with Adam or with Michael, and other

messengers from heaven. He received the keys of the gathering

of Israel from the great dispensator Moses, and from Elijah the keys of the Sealing and other temple ordinances. Doc. and Cov.

Sec. 110.

He had a clear vision of the object of our existence here, and he revealed it in the following language: "We came to this

earth that we might have a body and present it pure before God, in the celestial kingdom."* * *

"All beings who have bodies have power over those who have not. The devil has no power over us only as we permit him.

The moment we revolt at anything which comes from God, the devil takes power."See Compendium, page 288.

JOSEPH THE SEER 723

He looked into the world beyond, and what he saw answers the question, Where do we go? (Doc. and Cov., sec. 76, The Vision of the Three Glories, or Graded Salvation.)

He saw many other things by the power of seership which includes that of a revelator. He saw the disastrous outcome of

social and political iniquity, and said, "I saw men hunting the lives of their own sons, and women killing their own daughters, and daughters seeking the lives of their mothers. I saw armies

arrayed against armies, blood and desolation and fire."

Through his seership he interpreted the ancient writings of

Abraham, which answers the inquiry, from whence have we come? (Pearl of Great Price, Book of Abraham, chapter III.)

He viewed with clearness of vision governmental conditions of our premortal estate, revealing the fact that at the first organization in heaven we were all present, and saw the Savior chosen and appointed, and the plan of salvation made, and we sanctioned it.'

Through the power of his seership, which includes that of a revelator, he gave to the world three new volumes of Scripture,

The Book of Mormon, The Pearl of Great Price, and the book of Doctrine and Covenants. In addition to the three new volumes, he gave us an inspired revision of the Bible.

Compared with the mission and accomplishment of other seers, his life and labor stands second only to that of his instructor, the Son of God, to whom he was introduced, with the words of the Father, "This is my beloved Son, Hear Him."

Provo, Utah

Nature's Whispers

When by friends you are forsaken,

When life seems but worthless dross,

Seek the Isle of Sweet Contentment

In the "shadow of the Cross."

Go and dwell alone with Nature,

Watch her buds and leaves unfold,

In her flowers and leaves and branches

Nature tells of "Gates of Gold."

Although childhood's days have vanished,

And though youthful joys were fleet, 'Neath her swaying, waving branches

Nature tells of "pastures sweet."

Pastures sweet and quiet waters,

Fleeting heaven's blue dome above,

In the buds and leaves of summer,

Nature whispers, "God is love."

Sen Diego, Col. D. C. Retsloff

To Thine|Own Self be True

By Ruth Savage Hilton

Verlene Taylor's frank, grey eyes were gleaming with new hope, and the positive mouth was screwed up to a determined pucker, as she seated herself in the rear of an almost empty street car. Slowly they moved down Spring street. It was a

rainy afternoon, the gloom of which made the traveler wish she were home. She felt a vague pleasure on finding the car so

nearly vacant. Tired of crowds and hurry, she wanted to talk

to Verlene; that was Verlene's way, she always smoothed out

the wrinkles of those early schooldays by deliberately putting the question up to Miss Taylor. And now for the problem.

Slowly unrolling a newspaper, she read:

to instruct boy of 12 years. "Wanted—A competent English teacher

Periods one hour three times weekly. Good pay. Efficient work expected.

Call 1248 Budlong Avenue."

"0, I wish I could get it,"she ventured half aloud.

"Could you do it, milady? of course, I Why—yes—0!

could do it."

She turned abruptly around and looked out of the car window, but it wasn't the slippery pavement of a busy city street she saw; instead, she seemed to be looking at the little

brown village of her childhood, the place where ambitions which brought her to the busy city were fostered. A mere hamlet on the banks of the Little Colorado, in Arizona; just where

the river makes a sharp turn emerging from a jagged canyon of rocks as it flows into a picturesque valley of growing things.

Dimly she saw the fields, the familiar roadways, and the old schoolhouse. But very clear was the picture of the dear old

rock house with its long stone path leading to the gate. And

there was mother, that sainted soul with large brown eyes whose mellow light brought peace and a feeling of security to all who met her. Now she could see the family assemble for evening

worship, the worship of a simple "Mormon"home. After singing and scripture reading, the humble, impressive, benediction

of the day, was offered by her father.

Verlene's slender form was shaking with emotion. How

had she been able to leave them all? She well knew that this

very night that little group would unite their faith in humble prayer for her, her well being, her success at school, her safe

TO THINE OWN SELF BE TRUE 725

return to the home fireside, and then pray that all would endure faithful to the end. For an instant she closed her eyes.

She felt a comforting assurance that in her mad scramble for personal culture, she was trying to live true to the heritage such a home and parents had made hers. True to the hope she

that home withhad of a home of her own—some day—yes,the man whom she loved, for somewhere out in the desertDaniel Brown, a clean, intelligent—"Mormon"boy was struggling under a new irrigation project; reclaiming the wastes.

"Budlong Avenue!"This, from the hoarse conductor,

brought Verlene scrambling to her feet.

At 1248 she was answered by Lindy, the colored housemaid, who showed her to the study where Mrs. Stein was reading. The rich widow proved to be that type of fascinating personality, which with few words and beaming smiles makes you

feel as if you have always known and adored her. So,

before Verlene was aware, she was telling this lady of her early school life in a little Arizona town; how she had come from

that high school to the university of Southern California with hope of completing her college work there. She didn't have

money; consequently had worked at most everything possible

for a student to do.

"And now,"finished Verlene, "So near the graduation see, it will mean so muchjust one more term—this June. You

to me if I can make ends meet just a while longer. However,

lessons are becoming heavier each day, so now the clerical work

I am doing, for board and room, is a real burden.

The honest simplicity of this young girl, with the enthusiasm she showed for her work attracted the woman of wealth. So, after an hour's planning, it was agreed that Verlene

should come to live at the Stein home. She would give, for

pay, the assistance young Kirk was needing in his work.

She fitted so easily into her new home that the weeks fairly flew by. Byron, the elder of the two boys, was just entering college and proved such jolly company. The mischievous,

grinning, Kirk filled a real vacant spot in her heart. As for

Mrs. Stein, she seemed almost ideal to Verlene. Her influence

was unlimited. Ever agreeable, in fact almost over anxious to

help the young student, she soon became the girl's constant adviser. One day Verlene came home in a whirl of excitement.

"No one home?"she called.

"Wal, I guess not,"answered Lindy from the kitchen.

"O! you're here, then; just listen to the news. "Professor

Andrews came to me, in person, advising that I try for a place on the "commencement day orations;"I've been wanting to

for a long time. You know I want to do something in that line

so badly."726 IMPROVEMENT ERA

The happy girl danced off to her room, while Lindy was saying: "Wal, miss, I jes knows you can do great at dat spression o'yourn. Yous all'll be some big spressionist one o'de days, fir

sho!"She decided to discuss child labor conditions in Los Angeles. As all material must be collected individually by each contestant, Verlene threw herself wholehearted into the task at

once. The big thing in her life for the next two months was

that oration. She visited factories, canneries, fruit picking and

packing places; talked with newsboys and juvenile officers,

visited courts where minors were on trial, etc., until Byron declared that Verlene was surely reaching her second childhood.

During these months of excitement a visible change came over the country girl. Something new and different crept into

her life. Each week she found it easier to miss the little mission Sunday service, and rest at home or go motoring with Mrs.

Stein and her amiable son. Byron always found time for these

weekly rides. Even her letters to the dear old home were

shorter and written less frequently. Once she was almost piqued

when her mother's letter sounded a warning against the influence of her new friends. She also realized that Dan's letters

were a constant source of irritation. Of course, dear old Dan

was the only man Verlene ever loved. But how, she reflected,

could she ever go back to the life he represented? She felt

as if she must succeed in her chosen line. The ideal of

home and family was slowly, but surely being pushed to the background, while more and more Verlene dreamed of a career in the world of vocal expression.

The school orchestra ceased. Slowly the curtain in the

huge auditorium was raised amid peels of applause and a perfect shower of June roses, from whose fragrance the very air seemed bursting with perfume. The rising curtain disclosed

the university graduates arranged in two semicircles on the stage.

The unusual program was well under way, when Dr. Willson announced:

"The first place for our Spring Contest in Oratory will be decided tonight. Our contestants have been through several

previous tryouts, hence only three remain for the final test."

Rollo Stevens appeared first, followed by Alice Stivers. As

Verlene's name was announced she felt almost stiff with fright.

Slowly she began "We, the American people, are proud of our industries, our cities, our towns; proud of our natural resources: forests,

TO THINE OWN SELF BE TRUE 727

mines, and fertile farms. But we are, or should be, most proudof clean, independent, intelligent citizenship—

Gradually she forgot the bright lights and that vast throng of people. She was conscious only of her subject. As she closed,

the building rang with applause causing her heart to pound with delight. Success? How eagerly she waited. It was difficult to breathe, every soul was quiet as slowly the chairman

opened the first envelope and read: "Miss Taylor."

He opened the second and read: "Miss Taylor."

The third was then opened quickly: "Verlene Taylor,"

he promptly announced.

Verlene's head fairly swam. She didn't even note what

else transpired. At home, Mrs. Stein took the happy girl into

her arms and said in that convincing way with which Mrs. Stein

always said things:

"Now, dear, that you've done so well in your chosen line, you won't think of leaving us. Will you? There are so many

chances for you here. Even Dr. Willson mentioned something

about a good offer he had for you."

"Oh, joy! wonder what it can be,"cried Verlene.

She danced out of the room in a whirl of delight and walked around to the back garden. There to wait for the light midnight luncheon to be served in her honor. She found a seat on

a huge flat rock, which lay by a clear pool of water. She could

hear the bubbling fountain at the rear end of the garden, as it burst forth and trickled down to the pool. Mellow, soft rays

of the summer moon filtered through the branches of huge eucalyptus trees, making slow, creepy, shadows beneath -them;

while long rows of flowers looked gorgeous as if it were midday. "Beautiful,"murmured Verlene.

Catching a dark reflection in the clear, moonlit pool, she turned quickly to see Byron behind her.

"Yes, 'tis beautiful, Verlene; but not half so beautiful as

you."The girl suddenly arose and faced him. They were the best

of friends, but something in her manner made him hesitate just a moment. Then he added reflectively:

"I just want to join with mother in the sincere wish that you don't think of leaving us now!"

"0, of course, "I hope not,"seriously she answered—Then:

I won't. Byron, I'm so happy tonight. Isn't—wasn't it—perfectly wonderful that I—?"

"No, no, you earned it,"he replied as he stepped up closer to her. "Now dat'll do fir you alls,"exclaimed Lindy, "Come right 728 IMPROVEMENT ERA

out o'dis moonlight. I been waitin'ten minutes fir de bof o'

yous.""Good, I can smell those wafers already,"cried Verlene as she led in a race to the house.

The next few days were vexing ones. Letters from relatives and friends came in a stream, all expressing joy at the

nearness of her homecoming. Worst of all, though, was the short,

curt note from Dan, expressing his pleasure in knowing of her successful graduation. However, it showed plainly enough that

he had not missed the undertone of her letters during the past four months. Verlene knew that this note made her almost

wretched. To put an end to it, she recklessly determined that

she wouldn't care, and wrote Dan that it would be a long time before her schooling would be anything like what she intended having it before coming home. She knew she could stay right

there as long as she liked. Was this thought a worry, or a

temptation?

"Hosts of mail, Verlene; let me read it first,"teased Kirk

as he laid a pile of letters on the study table.

She drew a long envelope from the pile, noting that it was from the school board at home. She read aloud:

"Dear Miss Taylor: We have a vacancy in our high school which we

believe you can fill. We want a good teacher in oral expression. Wages

$75.00 per month. Wire if you will come.

"Yours truly, "B. H. Jones—President School Board, Little Colorado District."

"Now, now, dear, don't get fussed,"exclaimed Mrs. Stein,

seeing her puzzled look. "You won't leave us; there are so

many chances here, you know."

Verlene's answer was a nervous little laugh as she slowly walked out. She soon found herself by the clear pool, seated

on that huge, flat stone in the back garden. But what she beheld was a different scene. For now she was talking to Verlene,

as was often her wont.

"Could she go? Would she go? She needed work. Here

was a chance and that right at home. Home, that pretty little

village! Her dear ones were there,"she reflected. Then, with

a twinge of conscience she admitted that her religious duties would take on new life there—and Dan. Had this chance come

one year ago, gladly would she have hailed the opportunity. But

now she was vaguely comparing dust, sage brush, and ditches with Mrs. Stein's back garden. Then, what of her career? Yes,

things were different.

"Telephone, Verlene,"Kirk cried shrilly.

Sage brush, crystal pool and all vanished as she ran to the house.

TO THINE OWN SELF BE TRUE 729

"Hello.""Yes.""O, certainly."

"Yes, Dr. Willson, I can come right now."

Hurriedly she donned a nifty hat and started for the university. Two hours later, bounding into Mrs. Stein's Verlene

exclaimed "Twelve hundred dollars a year for me! Think of it! Dr.

Willson has just offered me a position at the dear, old school.

One chance in a life time. I am promised a leave of absence

after three years'successful teaching. Just my chance to study

at the Leland Powers'School in Boston. 0! isn't that great?"

Without waiting for any reply she hastened on: "I've already promised to take it, of course. But the matter will have

to be presented to the entire school board, then Dr. Willson

will send me the contract."

Mrs. Stein's nod and beaming smile made Verlene doubly

sure that she was doing the right thing.

At last the contract came. Verlene was alone in her room.

She read it through carefully, noticing how deliberately she would tie herself up for years. But why not? This was her

chosen line. She laid the long envelope containing the document on the dresser while she deftly let down and brushed

the long, shining hair. Then she slipped on the pretty embroidered kimona which mother had sent for her Christmas.

But yet she was restless. Somehow she couldn't think as she

would like to. Somehow the kimona she had donned was reminding her of the dear mother whose busy fingers had taken

the many stitches necessitated in its making. There, as if to

do away with these restless feelings she resolutely determined to sign and mail the contract first thing in the morning, thinking she would then feel contentedly settled.

"A letter fur yous, miss,"announced Lindy, as she came to the door. Miss Stein dun lef it, jest as she was gwine out. Said

it had been misplaced somehow."

Verlene noticed the post mark was a week old. Hurriedly

she opened and read it. Then looking perplexed, she read

aloud, as if to make more sure.

"My dear little Verlene: Yes, you are still my little girl, although

I am writing this note because I realize you are a woman now, and your future will be determined by your own decisions. Your mother and I

have given you the best we have. That is, an understanding of the gospel

of Christ, which teaches you the full meaning of life.

girl, I "Now, I'm not going to tell you what you shall do; but, my

isthink you have been in the 'world'long enough. My advice, Verlene,

for you to come home.

"Affectionately, "Father."730 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Home, home, the word repeated itself in her mind. She

gazed absently into the mirror. She stood as one dazed. Her

features looked strange and cold. This note touched the sleep'

ing cord in her soul. She looked around for help. Her first

thought was to run to Mrs. Stein, but no, everybody was out.

Even Lindy could be heard just now locking the kitchen door as she slipped out to meet Ike.

"Yes, Verlene, you're alone,"the girl whispered hoarsely.

Then she began rapidly pacing back and forth. Her father's

letter was ringing in her ears. Forget it, she could not.

"And how can I forget my hopes, my ambition, my career?"

she asked herself over and over.

For an hour she thus walked and argued. Her face wore

a dull, grey color. The thin lips were pressed tightly together.

While the clear, gray eyes looked with a stare, and far away.

Then, at last, a light, yes, a real light flashed from those clear staring eyes.

"Alone?"she asked aloud. "Alone, when God is always

near to help?"The girl sank in a sobbing heap by her bed.

Her real self had conquered.

"Father,"she murmured in broken accent, help me to live true to myself."

When the Steins came home, they found Verlene fairly radiant, as she calmly announced her intention to leave for the Little Colorado the following day. It was useless for Mrs. Stein to

offer her objections accompanied by carresses and pet names.

She had lost her influence. The "Mormon"girl, with real decision and purpose, told her that to stay by the contract she

had intended to sign would thwart the prime purpose of her being. "No,"said Verlene. "I can't stay. To be true to my religion, my inner self, I should improve my talents, of course.

But most of all I must prepare for woman's greatest destiny, to have a home and family. A home were true love presides.

You see, Mrs. Stein, I must go."

It was Saturday afternoon. Slowly the Limited was puffing

and pulling out of the Los Angeles depot. From one of the moving coaches Verlene was waving goodby to friends who slowly

faded from view as the station was left behind. As she sank into

the cushioned seat, a happy smile lingered on her face. The

frank, grey eyes sparkled, as she softly murmured: "Home,

my loved ones—Dan."

Blackfoot, Idaho Notes on Bible Texts

By J. M. Sjodahl

"There were giants in the earth in those cays"(Gen. 6:4).

Who were these "giants?"

The explanation must be looked for in the context.

The "sons of God,"seeing that the "daughters of men''were beautiful, "took them wives of all which they chose,"and some of their offspring became "mighty men of old."These

were the "giants."They were, we may infer, men of splendid

physique, strong, daring, domineering tyrants. They were men

in the same class as Nimrod, after the flood, who is called "a mighty hunter before the Lord,"and who became the founder of Babylon, the archenemy of the Church of God in all ages.

But the word "giants"here, probably, stands for more than exceptional physical strength and development. Some scholars,

deriving the noun translated "giants"from a verb which means "to fall,"maintain that a correct rendition of our text would be: "There were fallen ones, or apostates, in the earth in those

days."This is in perfect harmony with the rest of this important chapter of Genesis.

How was that apostasy brought about?

Adam and his righteous posterity inhabited the Land of

Eden. Cain located in the Land of Nod, when expelled from the

Land of Eden. A dividing line was thus drawn between "the

sons of God"who occupied the Land of Eden, and "the sons of men"who inhabited the Land of Nod.

As time passed, however, the dividing line became less distinct. "Sons of God"fell away from the religion of their venerable father, crossed over into the land of for Cain—perhaps

business purposes, or for pleasure. There they fell in love,

married, and raised children who, notwithstanding their achievements in art, industry, and commerce (see Gen. 4:2022), filled

the earth with murder and vice. "The earth also was corrupt

>.before God, and the earth was filled with violence"(Gen. 6:11

And thus came the apostasy. From a small beginning, iu the

family life, it became an avalanche of corruption.

Enoch was raised up. He preached the gospel and gathered those who accepted it into a community built upon the celestial pattern of the United Order. Outside of this community,

immorality increased. Enoch's Zion was taken up to God, as

732 IMPROVEMENT ERA

the Saints who live at the time of the second coming of Christ will be. Once more a prophet, Noah, was sent, to warn the world,

and when his testimony, extending over a period of 120 years, but Noahwas rejected, the flood came, in which the race—all

and his family—perished. We are here taught not to join together what God has separated. Intermarriages between believers and unbelievers was

disastrous to the antediluvian world. Such unions are disastrous to the Church of God in any age. See Deut. 7:3, 4; I

Cor. 7:39; II Cor. 6:14.

""Wherefore seeing we also are encompassed about with so great a cloud of witnesses, let us lay aside every weight, and the sin which doth so easily beset us, and let us run with patience the race that is set before us"(Heb. 12:1).

In this text we are admonished to exercise earnest diligence and unflagging perseverance in our efforts to win the crown of eternal life.

The simile Paul here uses is suggested by the Olympic games, which he, undoubtedly, witnessed during his travels as a missionary in Greece. The Olympic festivals were strictly religious

in character, being dedicated to Zeus and Hercules. They were

also peace meetings, for while they lasted, swords were sheathed and the warscarred states of old Hellas met on consecrated league of nations.ground as one family—a

Among the games popular on those occasions were foot races. The competitors in those contests divested themselves ofall that would have hindered their progress—"every weight;"

they laid aside even their clothes, which would have "beset"them; that is to say, which would have impeded the free movement of their limbs, by clinging to them. Around the arena,

tiers of seats, as in a modern circus tent, were occupied by the spectators. To one who ran in the race, these must have appeared as a mere mass of humanity—a "cloud of witnesses"

for he could not take in the details of the vast assembly, as he was speeding onward, ever onward, toward the goal.

The Saints of God are also in a race, surrounded, Paul says, by a "cloud of witnesses;"namely the Saints who have already

won their crown, by faith, as set forth in Heb. 11. As contestants in the arena, we must lay aside every "burden"of this

world, under which mighty men have fallen in all ages; and espeit may be in each individual casecially the sin—whatever

that "easily besets us;"that is, clings to us like a garment and

impedes our spiritual progress.

The contestants in the Olympic games, though competing only for an olive wreath, intrinsically worthless, were willing to submit to severe training and to make almost superhuman efforts

NOTES ON BIBLE TEXTS 733

to win. How much more eager should we be to succeed, who are

in the race for an eternal crown of glory! And we cannot become the victors without sacrifices and earnest endeavor. For

our contest is not one with "flesh and blood"as competitors principalities,not with mortals weak as ourselves—but with

powers, and the mighty rulers of the darkness of this world (Eph. 6:12).

"Who, being in the form of God, thought it not robbery to be equal with God"(Phil. 2:6).

The word "robbery"in this text is not easily explained. It

means, "pillage,""plunder,"and suggests a precious highlyval- ued treasure. It emphasizes the word in the next verse, which has

been translated "made himself of no reputation,"but which means "emptied himself,"or "made himself poor."In the text

and context, we are told that our Lord, though he was in the form of God, in a preexistent state, did not consider that to us inconceivable glory too valuable to give up, but he surrendered it and became a servant, a bondsman, and in that form he further humbled himself and became obedient unto death, thus setting an example of humility to all his followers.

In addition to this lesson of the text, there is another of supreme importance. It tells us that our Lord was in the "form

of God,"which means that God really has a "form,"as was revealed through the Prophet Joseph (Doc. and Cov. 131:22). In

the Christian world the prevalent notion is that God is a Being without body and parts; consequently, without form. This error our text corrects.

There can be no doubt about the meaning of the word "form."It stands for shape or structure as distinguished from

substance and color. Moses (Gen. 1:2) says the earth first appeared "without form and void,"and Jeremiah (4:23) uses the

same expression. In I Sam. 28:14 we read that Saul asked the

witch of Endor concerning the apparition she had conjured up, "What form is he of?"and that she answered, "An old man

cometh up, and he is covered with a mantle."That was the

"form."Ezekiel (10:8) speaks of "the form of a man's hand,"

and Nebuchadnezzar, seeing the divine personage in the fiery furnace (Dan. 3:25), says, "The form of the fourth is like the

Son of God."In the very next verse, following our text, Paul

tells us that our Lord exchanged the "form of God"for "the form of a servant,"which he explains to mean that he "was made in the likeness of men."The "form of God,"then, means

the "likeness,""image,"of God, in the same sense that the "form of a servant"means the "likeness of men."

When we place a seal upon a document the characters reproduced are, as to form, identical with those on the seal; they

734 IMPROVEMENT ERA

are their "express image."So Christ was the "express image"

of the "person"of the Father (Heb. 1:3). He himself declares,

"He that hath seen me hath seen the Father"(John 14:9). And,

in fact, it is impossible to think of God clearly without formulating the mental picture of a glorified human being. And why

not? If there is something divine in humanity, there is also

something human in Deity. Else, how could they be related?

Christ as a glorified being, has a human form as part of his exaltation. Why should we deny this feature of eternal glory

to his Father, who also is our Father and our God?

Underwood & Underwood, N. Y.

INDIANS IN WASHINGTON CONFERRING ON OIL LEASE

A group of full and halfbreed Osage Indians, in Washington, where they came to discuss with the Committee on Indian Affairs, a revision of the laws governing the leases on oil and gas property on their reservations.

These leases will cease to pay dividends after 1931, unless an extension is granted. The photo taken on the steps of the capitol, shows, left to right—

Front row: Francis Claremore, Wah Sho Sha, Bacon Rind, Joe Shunkahnoie,

Me Ki Wah Tiankah, and John McKinley. Middle row: John Claremore,

Simon Henderson, Arthur Bonnicastle, interpreter; Orlando Kenworthy and

Ed Cod. Back row: Clarence Gray, Edgar McCarthy, Ben Harrison, Pane

Red Eagle, assistant chief.

The Cradle of Faith

By Nephi Jensen

Faneuil Hall, in Boston, has aptly been called the "Cradle of Liberty."It is equally fitting to call the Sacred Grove in

Palmyra, the cradle of faith.

Here faith was reborn. Here came to life again the divine

flamebreath that carries human hopes, cries, and aspirations to the ears of God.

Here the true meaning of prayer was rediscovered. From

this holy place went up to the invisible God the first real faith cry, since the paganism of the middle ages drove truth from the altar and living belief from the human heart.

Here the truth about the God of heaven and his redeeming

Son was again made known. Here a boy with the soul of a

prophet and the eyes of a seer, saw the Maker of All and heard the voice that had stilled the storm and stayed the wave.

The story of the faith that here "touched the hem of God's garment,"is the most thrilling in modern annals. It has made

dim eyes bright with heaven's light. It has turned drooping

doubt into heartening hope. It is the beacon that lights the

way across the dark chasm which ages of dense ignorance and stupid superstition have placed between God and man.

The ceaseless outringing of the mighty faithfact, of the prophet who here so sublimely prayed a hundred years ago, will yet reverberate through all lands and all climes and call a doubting race back to God.

Let us who have inherited the faith which here conquered the powers of darkness, and called the Majesty of heaven to the earth, take renewed inspiration from this sacred place, and go out in the world, and kindle in human hearts everywhere the holy flame which sprang anew from this sacred altar; that the

mighty name of Joseph Smith shall yet be heard above the din of clashing creeds, and awaken a doubting world from its spiritual slumber and dense ignorance to the knowledge of the true and living God.

Toronto, Canada.

Lite Eternal

By Elder James E. Talmage, of the Council of the Twelve

"For the wages of sin is death; but the gift of God is eternal

life through Jesus Christ our Lord."(Rom. 6:23).

The Scriptures are rich in mention of eternal life as the supreme attainment of the soul, and are specific in declaring this inestimable boon to be the gift of God. What is eternal life?

How may it be obtained? These are questions of profound importance to every mortal.

In the words of Paul cited above, the portentous contrast between death and life is strikingly projected; but the passage when read with its context is seen to signify life and death

in other than the physical sense. Eternal life is something more,

something immeasurably greater and grander than the assurance of individual existence throughout the eternities beyond the grave.

Sinners under condemnation shall continue to exist; even in

hell there is no annihilation. The soul is eternal; and unending

existence with identity unimpaired is inevitably certain. While

bodily death may befall as the direct wage or result of sin, there is a death more to be dreaded; and with this latter or second

death, eternal life is set as the glorious opposite. (See an earlier

article: "The Second Death"; free copy sent on application to

the author). The first death, which came upon Adam in the day

of his transgression, consisted essentially in exclusion from the presence of God, and for redemption from this doom the Gospel of Jesus Christ has been provided. The second death is likewise

banishment, and this, as the Lord hath made known, "is the last death, which,"He explains, "is spiritual, which shall be pronounced upon the wicked when I shall say, Depart, ye cursed."

(Doctrine and Covenants 29:1).

Eternal life, the blessed antithesis of this dread state of exile, is communion with God, with access to His presence, and participation in the privileges and powers of endless progression and eternal increase.

In His last interview with the apostles, immediately prior to the betrayal, the Lord voiced in prayer the meaning of eternal life: 'And this is life eternal, that they might know thee the

only true God, and Jesus Christ whom thou hast sent."(John

17:3).

None can ever come to know God except through obedience to the laws by Him ordained. To know God is to be Godlike,

to learn His ways, and so to become prepared for admittance to

His presence. Where He dwells there is no death, and thus the

LIFE ETERNAL 737 deeper significance of our Lord's utterance becomes clear—that to know Him is life eternal.

There is but one means of reaching the Father's presence, and the Savior hath thus declared it: "I am theway, the truth,

and the life: no man cometh unto the Father but by me."

(John 14:6).

In these latter days the Lord Jesus Christ has spoken anew, reiterating the meaning of eternal life and again affirming the unalterable conditions on which it is granted: "But if ye receive me in the world then shall ye know me, and shall receive

your exaltation, that where I am, ye shall be also. This is eternal lives, to know the only wise and true God, and Jesus Christ,

whom he hath sent. I am he. Receive ye, therefore, my law."

(Doctrine and Covenants 132:23,24).

The supreme gift of God is eternal life, and this comes only through Jesus Christ, the inestimable boon being bestowed through and by the Savior whose atoning death has made its attainment possible. The Son received this specific power and

authority, as appears in His words relating to Himself and addressed to the Father: "As thou hast given him power over all

flesh, that he should give eternal life to as many as thou hast given him."(John 17:2).

Shortly after His resurrection, Christ appeared in bodily presence to the Nephites on the Western Continent, and to them He offered the priceless gift, conditional as always. Thus

He spake: "Verily I say unto you, if ye will come unto me ye

shall have eternal life. Behold, mine arm of mercy is extended

towards you, and whosoever will come, him will I receive; and

blessed are those who come unto me."(Book of Mormon, 3 Nephi 9:14). And again He declared Himself and the gift in His

power to give: "Behold I am the law, and the light; look unto

me. and endure to the end, and ye shall live, for unto him that

endureth to the end, will I give eternal life."(15:9).

The first or fundamental principles and ordinances of the

Gospel, prescribed by Jesus Christ as the indispensable means by which men may be saved are (1) Faith in God and in His

Son, the Savior of humankind; (2) Repentance of sin; (3) Baptism by immersion in water for the remission of sins; (4) Bestowal of the Gift of the Holy Ghost bv the laying on of hands.

These ordinances are valid only as administered by one duly commissioned to act in the name of Jesus Christ.

Having complied with these conditions, the candidate for eternal life is required to live in harmony with his high profession, and therein to endure to the end of his mortal existence, continuing in faith, and manifesting by good works his allegiance to Christ the Giver.

Paul's soulful admonition is of full force today and is directed to us all: "Lay hol&on eternal life."

Photo David D. Hofer

THE COLONY HOUSES

The Huterian Brethern

By E. Pingree Tanner

A very interesting class of people, the Huterian Brethren, came from South Dakota during the summer of 1918 and settled in South Alberta, Canada, near the "Mormon"settlements. Owing to their refusal to carry arms, or take any part in military

service, they left the United States for Canada, where the enforcement of the laws of conscription was less stringent.

The founder of this community was Jacob Huter, a Tyrolese, who was martyred at Innsbruck, February 24, 1536.

His followers remained in Germany for a time, then crossed over the border into Russia, where they found more religious toleration; remaining there until 1874 when the government enacted laws with regard to military service which conflicted with

their religious ideas, they were forced to seek another place of refuge, which was, in this instance, America.

They settled in colonies, composed of from twenty to thirty families on a large tract of land. Their dwellings are called

community houses, in size about 30x90 feet, plainly built, and constructed, so as to contain about six families. There is the

dining room, where all take the meals on either side of a table which runs the length of the building. The men, women, and

children are each seated at different tables. The women, in

order to break the monotony of daily routine, take turn about at sewing, cooking, and washing.

Everything is done by common consent. When officers are

THE HUTERIAN BRETHREN 739

to be elected or a business deal is pending, all participate in the discussion. A vote is taken and the decision of the majority is

carried out.

Each colony has a preacher who presides; besides delivering

the sermon each evening when regular devotional service is held, he handles the check book and looks after the general business of the colony.

They also have their carpenters, blacksmiths, tanners, shoemakers, and broom and basket makers. The brooms and baskets

are manufactured from the broom corn grown on the farm. All

the clothes worn by both men and women are home made, and on the whole their mode of living tends to independence.

A farm boss oversees the farming operations; one person

has charge of the cattle, another the sheep and swine, and so on.

A neatly built school house is to be seen at each colony, where the children attend school and colony members attend church service. All the property belongs to the church. "It is not

mine, but ours!"He who joins the colony contributes all his

property to the church, and if he later decides to leave, he takes nothing with him.

The Huterian Brethren are a cleanliving, God fearing people, firm in their convictions, and devoted to their religion.

They are generally regarded as a branch of the Mennonites, socalled from Menno Simons, who, during the first half of the 16th century, exerted such a remarkable influence in Europe for morality and liberty of conscience.

Wagrath, Canada

Books

The Brigham Young University has issued a theological bulletin to commemorate the sacred Vision of the Prophet Joseph Smith. It is

a very creditable publication of 32 pages, it being the issue of the Brigham Young University Quarterly, volume 16, number 4, May, 1920. The

booklet is printed on firstclass paper, richly illustrated with portraits of Joseph Smith, the Sacred Grove, the Smith farm, scenes on the Boyprophet's way to school, recent photographs of scenes which the Boyprophet knew, the Hill Cumorah, the three witnesses, and other pictures pertaining to the subject. It contains Joseph Smith's first prayer

with a short sketch of the author, Elder Geo. Manwaring; also testimonies from the faculty and the college students; together with an out-

, writline of an art pageant entitled "The Return of Truth Triumphant ten and arranged by Prof. Elbert H. Eastmond, director of Correlated

Arts. It has been written with the end in view that it may be produced

in the ward chapels as commemorating the onehundredth anniversary of the Vision. We congratulate the school and the authors who have had

to do with the issuance of the brochure upon the really attractive work which they have accomplished.

Essentials of Permanent Agriculture

By Dr. Elmer G. Peterson, President Utah Agricultural College

III—The Soil

In any consideration of the factors which go to produce a permanent system of farming in a country a fundamental understanding of the soil is necessary. We are blessed in Utah beyond measure in having a soil which is among the richest on

earth. Our production per acre of certain crops such as corn

and sugar beets equals or surpasses the production of any other area outside the Rocky Mountain Region. How these wonderful

valleys came to be laden with so priceless a crusting of productive soil substance is a story of surpassing interest. And to

fully appreciate the life we are privileged to live here it is important that we know in part at least the processes which for centuries have been going on in our mountains, valleys, and plains preparing them for the civilization which is now here and the greater which is to come.

The rocks of the earth's crust centuries ago were and still are continuously subjected to the action of water which slowly washes away the more soluble portions of the rock and softens and finally disintegrates the whole substance. Ice, likewise, forming in the crevices of rock and expanding tends to tear the rocks

apart and aid in their disintegration. The round pebbles and

larger boulders which are so prominent at the mouths of all of our canyons from which water flows or has flowed were once sharp angular portions broken off from the cliffs above. These

have been tumbled about rubbing against each other over long periods of time with the result that they become rounded and smooth, the worn off particles becoming soil. At one time the

earth's surface over a considerable part of it was covered by an immense sheet of ice, in some cases several thousand feet thick.

This great ice covering moved slowly one way or another, its great weight grinding the rocks and soil beneath it which, as the ice moved, was mixed throughout the mass. JLater when the

ice melted, numerous quantities of the ground rock and soil so formed were deposited upon the surface of the earth, establishing in many regions a very rich and fertile land.

Chemical substances in the air dissolved in water have a chemical action which tends to tear down the rocks, encouraging soil formation. Plants grow, die and decay, their roots and

* 741 ESSENTIALS OF PERMANENT AGRICULTURE

stems going into the soil to form a very valuable part of it. So

countless animals, large and small, have died during the ages past; their bodies decaying, go to make up soil. In all these

and other ways for ages the quiet work of creation has been going on with the result that today man inhabits the valleys and plains which have been so patiently made habitable for him.

The farmer who from day to day, as he plows, harrows and harvests his crops must, if he understands the long years of effort which have been necessary for the creation of his land, be not only industrious in his care of the soil but must have a deep reverence for the Power which prepared the way for his existence. If he would pause in his work and if his mind were illuminated he would see in a handful of the soil which he turns

over forces at work which man only partially comprehends.

Countless live organisms would be at work in tne handful of soil as busy as the men and women in an immense factory, each little germ tearing down or building up the substance which prepares the soil for another crop. Liquids would be seen flowing

about in the soil dissolving substances and making them ready for plant food. Frost would do its share in working over the

handful of soil and many other agencies would be at work that hay and wheat and such crops may be raised. If he could magnify a small pinch of soil a thousand times he would find it

composed of what seems to be smaller and larger rocks. Roots,

twigs, and stems would be mixed in the mass, decaying into soil.

Peculiar substance formed by chemical and bacterial action would adhere to the particles. If he could see still deeper into

the mysteries, he would see a great Power at work which coordinates all the action in the handful of soil driving each to do its full share of the work and fitting the action of each into the one movement.

Roughly, soils may be formed from the disintegration of limestone, sandstone, shale and granite. Limestone is familiar

to all western observers. Sandstone is formed from the consolidation of sand beds; shale, from the consolidation of clay. Many

areas are formed by soils which were formed in the immediate vicinity. Nature, however, has various means of distribution.

Glaciers have carried immense masses of soil considerable distances. Sometimes the soil thus deposited is a hundred feet or

more in thickness. Soils are frequently transported long or

shorter distances by water. So lake bottoms and areas which

were once sea bottom and areas near swiftly flowing rivers and creeks are made up of watercarried soil. Our Utah canyon

mouths show clear evidence of this action, the banks of soil formed at the mouths of these canyons and the soils lower down having been deposited there by the action of streams and lakes which may have since disappeared. Wind also plays a large

742 IMPROVEMENT ERA

part in carrying soils from one place to another. Many soil

areas a hundred or more feet in depth are formed by wind action which, of course, takes the finer particles of soil. Much of the

very fertile middle western soil in the United States is formed in this way. Rains and floods wash portions of earth that have

crumbled from cliffs and the material from mountain sides to deposit them over areas which are characterized by such washings.

In all these ways have soils been formed and carried about with the result that the earth's surface has become habitable for man. These processes which proceed slowly, almost imperceptibly, and over periods of time beyond our comprehension

illustrate God's way of accomplishing results. In the aggregate

these powers represent a force which is infinite. Seen over a

short space of time or only seen in part, the actions seem trivial.

It is the great concerted movement which sweeps all before it and it is the orderliness of the processes which causes reverence.

If our valleys were scooped out by the labor of hands much as children form grooves and holes in the sand it would not be more marvelous nor more meaningful. If our soils were created

and laid down, forming the thin crust of living earth which sustains all life on the planet, by direct labor, as we coat our streets with cement or plaster our walls, it would be less beautiful process and no more indicative of purpose than that which does prevail.

This is our heritage. Nothing is more wonderful in human

terms than soil. And knowing it nothing should more generously

arouse our love than the soil. The land, in this fine sense, is

not something to be given and taken lightly. It is a gift, the work

of ages and of infinite effort. Through industry and careful

culture we may in part express our obligation.

Brigham Young said in one of his sermons, delivered in 1856: "My implicit confidence in God causes me to husband

every iota of property he gives me. I will take the best care of

my farm, I will prepare my ground as well as I can, and put in the best seed I have; and trust in God for the result, for it is

the Lord that gives the increase."

I have heard no nobler expression of man's relationship to the soil.

Logan, Utah TfHfmjr

Special Notice

During the progress of the recent war in Europe the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints came to the aid of this Nation in its efforts with the Allies to free the world from the domination of monarchical despotism. The "Mormon"people

demonstrated their devotion to country and the cause of freedom by sending their brave sons to the front and by contributing liberally to the calls for funds to meet the financial requirements of the gigantic struggle.

The Church, through its splendid organization, was a mighty force in the fray, gathering the means in demand and sending their soldiers over the sea. It proved to the world that loyalty

to the government and devotion to the welfare of humanity formed part of the "Mormon"creed and entered into the religious life of its followers. The world witnessed and wondered at this unanswerable refutation of popular slanders.

Thank God, the awful strife is over, and the need for such organized help is greatly modified. There are still loud cries

from various sources for money in large sums to swell the numerous "drives"that are in vogue.

What is the position of the "Mormon"Church as to these movements? is a frequent question. It is this, and let all the

Latterday Saints and reasonable people everywhere understand it: While members of the Church are fre to donate, as they

desire and are able, to any charitable and worthy cause, the

Church as an organization is not in a financial position to respond to the demands and requests that are made upon it, and it is not required of its stakes, wards, quorums or associations to use their ecclesiastical activities or influence in those directions. There are persons and institutions in need of relief and

support within our own ranks, and applications for appropriations to an immense amount which cannot be granted for some time to come have had to be laid over until some means can be obtained to meet them.

We do not wish to cripple or restrain the hand of individual benevolence, but our organized institutions must not be expected to do the impossible or neglect the duties and requirements that are within our jurisdiction and are imperative. We

trust that this will be plain and clear enough to all reasonable 744 IMPROVEMENT ERA

persons, and that promoters of "drives,"however worthy of assistance, will not fail to understand the situation and will not misjudge our course or our motives.

Heber J. Grant,

Anthon H. Lund,

Charles W. Penrose,

First Presidency.

Leadership

It is generally conceded that more efficient and more positive class leadership is required, not only in the Y. M. M. I. A.

but in all the other auxiliary, as well as the Priesthood organizations of the Church. We are, perhaps, not progressing as well as

we should under the splendid machinery of the organizations that we have as a Church; although, let it be said here that, as a

Church, our advancement has been remarkable, even in leadership. However, to emphasize progress in this direction, teachertraining classes have been instituted for some years and we

have had some measure of success in a number of stakes and wards. It is believed that further progress may be achieved in

the future by more faithful attendance, more diligent application to study, and more efficient trainers in these classes.

With a view to aiding leadership, the First Presidency have issued a call for one trainer from each stake in the Church to take a free course, as far as tuition is concerned, during June at the Brigham Young University. It is designed further to

have him present the course later in each stake to the trainers from each ward, thus increasing the teaching proficiency in the whole Church.

The twentytwo subjects that will be presented by competent professors during the month of June, 1920, are here given:

1. The Purpose Behind Teaching—Salvation. 2. The Rewards of

Teaching. 3. The Real Meaning of Teaching. 4. The Personal Equation

"What Makes for Power in Teaching?"5. The Personal Equation "What

Makes for Power in Teaching?"6. Native Endowments of Children

(Psychology) 7. Methods of Handling Instincts 8. Individual Differences.

9.tion—HowIndividualto DifferencesSecure It. and11. TheirInterest—ItsInfluenceImportance.on Teaching.12. 10.InterestAttenHow to Maintain It. 13. Creating Spirit. 14. Methods of Recitation. 15. The Aim and Its Force in Teaching. 16. Organizing the Lesson. 17. Supplementing the Lesson. 18. Application—General. 19. Application—Specific. 20. Discipline—Class Management. 21. Skill in Questioning. 22. A Testimony—The Force of Teaching.

It will appear from this that not only the best methods but some attention to the knowledge of human nature will be given,

Class teachers in our Young Men's Mutual Improvement AssoEDITORS'TABLE 745

ciation have found difficulty in interesting the young men between 16 and 20, at which ages they incline to scatter from the systems, groups and gangs that have attracted them heretofore;

and the result is that we lose a large portion of them from the

Mutuals. This is likewise the case in the Sunday School and

other organizations. Up to this age they have been amenable io

counsel and discipline and the direction of parents and teacher?.

They have been satisfied with what has been told them as being right, just, and fair, and have been willing to take for granted the counsel and advice given them. But at this time they begin

to throw off these restraints and to think and act for themselves, and it becomes more difficult to interest them. In order to do

so, the attitude, methods, and teachings of the instructor and parent must change to conform with the changed attitude of the youth. Heretofore, group instruction was attractive. Nov/

the contact must be more personal and not as dogmatic. The

young man must have a definite course pointed out to him, and not be commanded too much. He must be permitted to lead out

and reason things out for himself; to act and think for himself.

At the same time, he must have that sympathetic direction that will enable him to steer clear of pitfalls and overcome apparent obstacles to faith in God and his great Latterday work.

If, during his early years, when discipline, command, and in some cases even force, have been used to hold him in the right way, he has been made to "toe the mark"and render service, it will not be as difficult for him now to think and act right, as where his early training has been of a loose character, in which he has had too much his own way, with lax discipline in what is right, just, fair, and square. Children who are

trained to have what they want, what they like, what they desire in preadolescent age, are very likely to go wrong in their judgments, desires, and wants when they come to the critical time of life when it is natural for them to cast off restraint and get away from groups and family relations.

These are subjects that should attract the attention of our teaching force, and efforts must be made to so change our instructions as to do the most good to our membership, both in the boy age and in the age of the young man. The adolescent

age is the most important in the life of a person, and if the youth can then be directed aright, his course in life, in the path of righteousness, is practicallv assured.

It is up to the Y. M. M. I. A. officers to get the best results,

and to support, by attendance and study, not only this movement for a stake teacher in the Provo training class, but the teachertraining classes in the wards, in order that we may improve our efficiencv in leadership. We hone, therefore, thnt

every Mutual organization will see that its officers and teachers 746 IMPROVEMENT ERA

shall attend the teachertraining classes, both in the stake and the ward in which they reside, and that they take care properly to carry out the instructions as given in the teachertraining course. A.

TeacherTraining and Social Work

Under date of May 8, 1920, the First Presidency of the Church issued the following instructions to stake presidencies:

Dear Brethren:—The Correlation Committee, the Social Advisory Committee, and the Board of Education have submitted plans for increasing

the efficiency of certain types of leadership throughout the Church. These

nlans contemplate the calling of three persons to attend training courses to be given at the Brigham Young University Summer School, May 31 to

July 2, 1920.

The Correlation Committee is concerned with the selection and training of at least one person from your stake to take the course in Teacher

Training. The Social Advisory Committee is concerned in the call and

training of at least two persons from your stake, one to take the course in Social and Recreational Leadership; the other, a woman, to take the

course in Charity and Relief Work.

"We feel the urgent necessity for this kind of training and request that you proceed to make your selection of these persons in accordance with the more detailed instructions which you will receive from the Correlation Committee, the Social Advisory Committee and the Commission of

Education, respectively.

Your brethren in the eospel, Heber J. Grant,

Anthon H. Lund,

Charles W. Penrose,

First Presidency.

Cooperative Auxiliary Conventions

Under date of May 6, 1920, the First Presidency of the Chmch issued the following instructions to stake presidencies, which are of special interest to bishops of wards, and officers of auxiliary organizations:

Dear Brethren:—At a recent meeting of the First Presidency and Council of the Twelve, it was decided to hold the annual conferences of the

auxiliary associations of the Church as group conventions. In a number

of the stakes, in 1920, these conventions are to be held in connection with the anarterlv conferences, commencing about August 1 and continuing until October 31.

A program of meetings will be arianged to include general sessions where subiects of equal interest to all may be presented; separate meetings of stake boards: and departmental meetings where definite and practical help will be given to ward workers.

One difficulty in carrying out this proposed plan is the fact that in some of the stakes it has seemed in manv cases necessary to assign to one person several offices. This causes a duplication of work out of which

will inevitably arise conflicts in appointments and meetings. It is sincerely hoped that this groui convention will tend to Winer about a readjustment in this matter: the puroose and genius of the Church organization being to give activity to all members of the Church, and not to

EDITORS'TABLE 747 Is \t::i ujid i ul members performi"s,wo r,h*

Therefore between now and the date set for the convention, it might be necessary for bishops to make a thorough canvass of their wards in order to bring into active service young men and young women whose talents and ability are now lying dormant.

Trusting that the advantages of this plan over that of holding six separate conventions will be readily apparent to you, that the minor difficulties connected with it may be overcome in vour stake, and assuring you of the hearty cooperation of the General Boards in all efforts to make auxiliary work a potent factor for good in the lives of the people 'we remain, Sincerely your brethren, Heber J. Grant,

Anthon H. Lund,

Charles W. Penrose,

First Presidency.

Further instructions and program will be given in the convention circular of the Y. M. M. I. A. to our officers, and a scheme for the

general sessions will also be issued by the combined auxiliary organizations. In the meantime, officers are asked to read the general outline

of program for the fall group conventions in the May Era, pp. 663-4.

Slogan 192021 We stand for the nonuse and nonsale of tobacco.

Messages from the Missions [Notice.—Owing to the trebbling of the cost of small cuts, the Era

regrets that only page cuts of missionaries can hereafter be used, in limited number, and the portraits for these must be large enough for reduction to fit the Era page. The Mexican missionaries given in this number is a

sample. Editors.]

The Gospel Extensively Heard Elder D. L. Paxman, writing from Danville, Va. April 16, says: "The

elders laboring in Danville of the Virginia conference are R. S. Gilley,

local elder, Riedsville, N. C; J. Earl Lewis, Mammoth, Utah; D. L. Paxman, Raymond, Alberta, Canada; Oriel H. Blackburn, Ogden, Utah; and

Dewey Sanford, Delta, Utah. The gospel is being heard extensively in

this part of the vineyard and we feel that we have accomplished much good during the past winter. The Era is a great help! to us, and is a constant encouragement to the Saints and investigators."

San Diego Branch A very successful branch conference was held here in San Diego on

Sunday, February 29th.

President Joseph W. McMurrin, conference President A. S. Campbell

and Elders Cornwall, Frebairn and others were in attendance from Los

Angeles. There was a good attendance of Saints and investigators at all

three sessions of the conference, which was very encouraging to the missionaries laboring here.

The branch is in a thriving condition and much good is being accomplished by the missionaries.

We wish to express our appreciation for the Improvement Era which is regularly received and read each month, and which is accomplishing 748 IMPROVEMENT ERA much good in the mission field.—Blanche Kunz. Misionaries of.San

Diego, are Joseph Laker, Ray Stringham, A. Timpson, Sister De Lilah

Moss, George Fuellenbach, Eva B. Miller, and Blanche Kunz.

Great Increase of Missionaries in Mexican Mission

The missionaries in the Mexican mission are glad to report that the work is growing in the mission that the prospects for the future are very bright; that all organized branches in the mission are in good condition,

and the Saints are trying to live true to the faith. The torce of missionaries has increased from seven, in June, 1919, to fortyfive in the month

of February, 1920. During the year 1919, 114 souls were added to the

Church by baptism; 39 baptisms were performed in the interior of Old

Mexico, where the local priesthood has been carrying on the work in humility and faith ever since the missionaries from Zion were called from that field in the year 1913. All elders and sisters feel well in the

work and are anxious to press on and, with the help of the Lord, take the glorious gospel message to as many as they possibly can. Many cottage

meetings are being held every week and many honest in heart are anxiously seeking for the truth.

The missionaries, p. 749, are left to right, front row, Leland A. Jackson,

Leda Thompson, Ethel Done, Mission Secretary, Mrs. and President Rey L.

Pratt, Mrs. and Bishop Arwell L. Pierce of the El Paso Ward, Diana J.

Allen, Erma Romnev; second row: Merlin T. Van Orden, George C.

Cannell, Victor C. Hancock, Edgar L. Stott, Irvin W. Stevens, Clyde D.

Pierce, Victor J. Smith, J. Walter Holbrook, Hugh L. Barnes, Lorin F.

Wiser. Abel B. Paez; back row: Andrew E. Adams, J. Oscar Anderson,

John L. Havmore. Nels R. Benson, Willard E. Jones, Eli M. Jergensen, Grant

Curtis, Willard Hawkins, Douglas B. Lamoreaux, and Trenial Pauly, released. Ethel Doone, Secretary.

Work Among the Lamanites

Writing from Eagle Pass, Texas, February 16, 1920, Hugh L. Barnes

of the Mexican mission says: "Perhaps the readers of the Era

might like to hear of the work in the Lamanite branch, and the success we are having in restoring the gospel to the sons and daughters of Lehi. These people are hungering for the word of the Lord, and

I believe there is no other place on earth where a missionary can see the fruits of his labors as quickly as here. The new elders learn the

Spanish lauguage quickly due to the help of the Lord. We are making

many friends on the American side and also in Piedras Negras, Coah, on the Mexican side. Many read our books and literature with eagerness.

The Book of Mormon appeals to them especially. We find no ill feeling existing between the two nations and the people have treated us

with the greatest respect. The sentiment of illwill toward America is

not as represented by many of the newspapers which are inclined to judge the whole Mexican nation by the acts of a few, which is very unjust. We

all look forward to the coming of the Era, it contains so many good instructions and such excellent explanations of the different doctrines and principles of the gospel. We wish you success and ask the blessings of

the Lord to attend you in all your endeavors."

"Elders working on both sides of the border in the Eagle Pass, Texas district: Andrew E. Adams, Central Arizona; Robert L. Reid, Lund,

Nevada; Nels R. Benson, Spring City, Utah: J. Marcus Romrell, Wilford,

Idaho; Chester A. Henderson, Clifton, Idaho; Hugh L. Barnes, Ogden,

Utah."o >w I—w O n H ffl gWX o

o 750 IMPROVEMENT ERA

In the Virginia Conference

Elders T. O. Gunderson and H. P. Thomas write from Richmond,

Virginia, some weeks ago, stating that there are elders laboring in Richmond, Petersburg, Norfolk, Portsmouth, Lynchburg, New Port News, and Danville. "We have regularly organized Sunday schools in these

cities, and there are branches in Haran, Monta Bello, Mountain Lake,

Colliers Town, Oilville, and Buena Vista. We have been laboring in the

city during the winter but will canvass the country districts as soon as the weather will permit. The people seem anxious to hear the gospel and

we make many friends. The power of the Lord has been made manifest

in healing the sick in many instances. In Danville recently, a woman who

was afflicted with pneumonia, called the elders to administer to her, although she is not a member of the Church. She was almost instantly healed,

and testified that it was the power of the Lord that restored her to health.

We will soon send elders to reopen the northern part of the state where there have been no elders for some time past. Many objections are evidenced in some sections, but many are inquiring after and investigating

the gospel principles. We are not allowed street privileges, but are placing the gospel plan before the people by tracts and in home and cottage

meetings. The Saints themselves are doing much here in this line, and we

are confident of ultimate success."

Good Results from Tracting

G. H. Hale, writing from Pago, Tutuila, under date of February 16: "A. D. Madsen and myself, landed together in the Samoan

mission, March 5, 1917, we have had the privilege of working together most of the time, bearing our testimony in Tutuila, Upolu and Savaii. We

have distributed thousands of pamphlets among the people."Elder Hale,

who has presided over the Upolu conference for some time has now been appointed to preside over Tutuila. Elder Madsen, who has been preaching

the gospel in the islands of Upolu and Savaii, has been appointed to preside over the latter conference. The tracting that was started during the

days of President Ernest W. Wright, is the cause of a rich harvest to which

the people bear testimony. President W. A. Keith, who has just been

released as mission president, leaves the islands with a keen appreciation of the people for his energetic labors. The people bless him for the

blessings which he has given to them. During the past year in the neighborhood of 125 souls have been added to the Church in the Savaii conference. In Upolu it has been similar, and the work is progressing favorably

in Tutuila. We enioy reading the Era, and its influence reaches many who

are not of our faith, as we distribute it through the country.

i Baptism in Australia

Writing from the Victoria conference, Australia, Elder Ray Kneale relates the story of the baptism of Sister Ann Maria Greenhill, in November, 1919, at South Melbourne. Sister Greenhill was born in England, 1843, and joined the Baptists when 21 years old. Her daughter,

Sister Mary Parker, accepted the gospel about fifteen years ago, and her sonin-law, Brother Parker, is now a local elder, but Sister Greenhill was slow to accept the testimony. Elder C. B. Bobbins, who was the

conference president, was faithfully explaining the gospel to her, and, finally, she became convinced and yielded obedience. The day of baptism was cold, and the sea was rough, but the power of God was manifested while the ordinance was performed by Elder Robbins, and Sister

GreenhiU was happy in the testimony she received. The writer conEDITORS'TABLE 751

eludes his letter as follows: "In this part of the Lord's vineyard the work

is progressing and we take delight in being able to speak through such a medium as the Era, which is looked upon as a great educator for the

Saints. We take advantage of the opportunity to mention that steps have

been taken for the establishment of a building fund. Elders who have

labored in the Victorian conference will hail this with delight."

Left to right standing, Elders Wm. A. Moffett, Chas. V. Anderson,

Cincinnati, branch president, Ray J. Eskelsen, Geo. J. Davis, president of

the Ohio Conference. Sitting: Sisters Edna A. Christensen, Chas. V. Anderson, and Etna J. Johnson.

Many Opportunities to Teach Elder Harold Marshall, writing from Ashlund, Kentucky, January 13, says: "Our efforts in this

district are being crowned with success. Many opportunities are given us to explain the principles of the

gospel. The Era is a regular

visitor, and we rejoice each month when it arrives. Its

pages are not only a source of entertainment and pleasure, but of spiritual growth.

It is a faithful missionary.

"Wo wish you success in your noble work this year.

Elders, front: Harold Marshall, Tooele, Utah; back:

left to right, Ezra H. Anderson, Brigham, C. C.

Christiansen, Tremonton, Utah; and Lorenzo D.

Rhoton, Jr., Shumway, Ariz752 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Dr. Talmage's Articles to be Published in Australia

Elder David Carr, writing from Unley, South Australia, Jan. 10, says:

"At this time of general unrest throughout the world, Australia is no exception. Still, conditions are fair, and we are glad to say that peace and

love exist among our little band of Saints. Every prospect seems bright

for the future welfare of the work in this conference. Our corps has

been cut down to a minimum of elders owing to the government regulations giving no permission for more of our missionaries to come here and labor. We hope, however, that this condition will soon change, so that we

may receive our companions from Zion with open arms and gladness. Presi-

''& wB M*** """\. H;

6**; Bbflk t* '- T,",/ HV k, r. H1

i\yk

dent Miller, who is visiting with us at present, met the officials of one of the largest newspapers in Adelaide, a few days ago, and arranged for the publication of a series of articles dealing with the doctrines of the Church, and written by Dr. James E. Talmage, and previously printed in magazines

and papers in the United States. We realize that the effect of these brief

essays has been felt for good in America, and feel sure that the same will be the case in this land. The manager of the paper in which they will

appear, states that he has been reading the articles each week in the New

York Herald, with much interest. We look forward to the coming of the

Era, from which we truly gain a great deal, in reading the splendid articles contained therein. Elders left.to right, David Carr, Ogden, conference president; R. Edwin Clark, Farmington, Utah, and Robert K. Bischoff, Lovell, Wyoming."

Labors of a Local Elder in Kentucky

Elder J. B. Engle, local elder of Heiner, Ky., in a communication

to the Era, says: "There are only a few Church members in Perry county.

On the 21st of March I attended a service at the school house of the Kentucky River Coal and Mining camps where I met a good crowd of interested people. The mine foreman is from Utah, and says he is going back, as he

declares that Salt Lake City is absolutely the finest city in the United States.

I spoke on the subject, "If Christ was to come in the morning what would be your condition?'We have many new homes opened up for the elders

and some promises of baptism. We are growing in east Kentucky, and

some day expect to have a nice little church in Perry county, for "where there's a will there's a way.'I was called out after midnight last week

to the home of a friend whose wife was at the point of death, and who had asked that I come and pray for her, for it had appeared to her that if

EDITORS'TABLE 753

I would do so, it would help her. Three days thereafter, she was up and

walking around. The Lord be praised. So there is another home open."

Good Work in Northern Illinois

Elder E. K. Hanks, President of the Northern Illinois conference,

writes from Kewanee, Illinois, Feb. 10: "My tour of this conference is

about completed. The missionaries take a keen interest in their work, and

good results are being obtained. During the month of January we put our

whole heart and soul in the work and our motto was: 'It is better to

wear out than to rust out.'We attended, during three months, 398

meetings; 360 Liahonas were distributed; 1,651 small books, 8,516

pamphlets; 8 standard works; 60 Books of Mormon were sold; 2,341

loaned; 981 invitations received to visit homes; 1,678 hours spent in tracting. In February we are having a special drive in selling Books of Mormon. The attitude of the people here towards us is excellent. Elders B.

J. Allen and Stannard Tanner, who work in Kewanee, have held successful

cottage meetings. They have a host of good friends who love to hear the

gospel. Everywhere we have been treated royally."

Success in Distributing Literature

Elder Alfred M. Lewis and other missionaries laboring in Georgia,

write that the Lord is blessing them abundantly and they are having wonderful success in distributing literature and selling Books of Mormon.

They have held from five to twelve meetings a week since last October and are doing their best to roll on the work of the Lord. Elders, back:

C. W. Stair, Nephi Jensen, Alfred M. Lewis; frost: N. C. Watsor Gottfred

Spatig.

TwentyFifth Annual Conference of the Y. M. and Y. L. M. I. A.

SALT LAKE CITY, JUNE 11, 12, and 13, 1920

Program—Friday, June 11

Joint Officers'Meeting, Assembly Hall, 10 a. m.

Opening hymn, "e Thank Thee O God for a Prophet."

Invocation.

Community Singing B. Cecil Gates conducting

General Theme—The M. I. A. in Progressive Action.

When is the M. I. A. in progressive action? Clarissa A. Beesley

How is progressive action secured?

a. By spirtiual preparation Joseph W. McMurrin

Solo Melvin J. Ballard

b. By intellectual preparation Mary E. Connelly

c. By service Richard R. Lyman

Closing hymn, "We are all Enlisted."

Benediction.

Separate Y. M. M. I. A. Officer*'Meeting, Bishop's Building, 2 p. m.

Opening hymn, "High on the Mountain Top."

Invocation.

Instrumental selection.

Theme, "The Boy."

Y. M. M. I. A. Problems.

Closing hymn, "Put Your Shoulder to the Wheel."

Benediction.

Separate Y. L. M. I. A. Officers'Meeting, Assembly Hall, 2 p. m.

Opening hymn, "If there's Sunshine in Your Heart."

Invocation.

Address President Martha H. Tingey

Roll Call.

Deductions from the Annual Report....General Secretary Clarissa A. Beesley

Soprano Solo Lucile Kelson BeeHive Work 192021 Ann M. Cannon

Senior Class Work 192021 Adam Bennion

Closing hymn, "Do What is Right."

Benediction.

Joint Y. M. and Y. L. M. I. A., Reception and Social to Visiting Stake

Officers, Odeon Hall, 8 p. m.

(Tickets for this event and for "The Vision"to be given in the Tabernacle,

Saturday evening, will be distributed at the close of the Friday morning meeting).

Saturday, June 12. Joint Officers'Department Meetings.

I.

Superintendents and Presidencies'Department, Assembly Hall, 10 a. m.

Superintendent A. W. Ivins and President Martha H. Tingey, presiding.

MUTUAL WORK 755 1. Team Work—The Y. M. and Y. L. M. I. A. working together

Supt. LeRoy Humphries, Cache Stake

2. The Counselor in relation to the Superintendent or President....

President Achsa E. Paxman, Utah Satke

3. a. Efficient supervision.

h. Stake funds Supt. W. A. Beesley, Sail Lake Stake

4. "Did you think to pray?"Pres. Armenia Lee, Alberta Stake

5. Discussion led by Oscar A. Kirkham

6. Ward problems—round table.

Dependableness—a requisite to leadership. The smile—an asset to ward leadership efficiency.

Economy of time.

Ward officers'meetings.

100 per cent participation of members.

II.

Secretaries and Treasurers'Department.

Moroni Snow, Clarissa A. Beesley, presiding.

1. The Secretary and Treasurer as Executive Officers Ernest P. Horsley

2. Importance of Record Keeping LeRoi C. Snow

3. How can stake Secretaries help the ward Secretaries to be more

efficient? Irene Nichols, Secretary Granite Stake

4. Problems of ward Secretaries.

5. Reports for 192021.

III.

Class Leaders'Department.

Dr. Geo. H. Brimhall, and Lucy G. Cannon, presiding.

1. Explanation of Teachertraining Plan Rose W. Bennett

2. Demonstration of Lesson Preparation Clarissa A. Beesley

3. Questions and Discussion.

4. The Teacher Bryant S. Hinckley

IV.

Music Directors'Department.

B. Cecil Gates, Margaret Summerhays, presiding.

1. Appropriate Music for the M. I. A Margaret Summerhays

2. Community Singing B. Cecil Gates

Y. M. M.I. A. Luncheon to Stake Superintendentst Bishop's

Building, 12:15 p. m.

5. L. M. I. A. Luncheon to Stake Presidents, BeeHive House, 12:15 p. m.

Separate Y. M. M. I. A. Officers'Meeting, 2 p. mn Bishop's Building

Opening hymn, "Now let us rejoice."

Prayer.

Theme, "The Young Man."

Baritone Solo, P. Melvin Peterson.

Closing hymn, "Do What is Right."

Separate Y. L. M. I. A. Officers'Meeting, Assembly Hall, 2 p. m.

Opening hymn, "Guide us, thou great Jehovah."

Instrumental Trio, Adelaide Grant, Myra Grant, Lucile Schettler a. The marriage covenant Y. Dougall r.Mbthe Y. L. M. 1 A. -—j b. Preparation for marriage—Responsibility of

756 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Solo Iza Gordon c. How can we increase Temple Marriages?

1. As Mothers.

2. As Y. L. M. I. A. Officers Augusta W. Grant

d. The wife in the homebuilding partnership Lucy G. Gannon

e. The glory of wifehood Jane B. Anderson

Closing hymn, "Come, O thou King of kings."

Prayer.

M. /. A. Rally, L. D. S. U. Campus, 3:45 p. m.

Under direction of Joint Social and Summer Work Com.—Roscoe W.

Eardley and Coun. Mae T. Nystrom.

1. Community Singing..., Edward P. Kimball, leader

2. Address. "'Get Acquainted With Your Neighbor; You May Like

Him."10 minutes Mathonihah Thomas

3. Special Recreational Features—Directed by Ensign, Granite, Liberty,

Pioneer, and Salt Lake Stakes.

The Vision—Tabernacle, 8 p. m.

A sacred cantata by Evan Stephens, commemorative of the visitation of the Father and the Son to the Prophet Joseph Smith in 1820.

Sunday, June 13.

Joint Officers'Testimony Meeting, Assembly Hall, 8:30 a. m.

Opening hymn, "How firm a foundation."

Invocation.

Hymn, "Come, come, ye Saints."

Closing hymn, "Doxology."

Joint Officers'Meeting, Tabernacle, 10 a. m.

Opening hymn, "Sowing."

Invocation.

Selections, M. I. A. Male Chorus J. Spencer Cornwall, director

Summer Work and Efficiency Oscar A. Kirkham

Advanced Senior Class Work George H. Brimhall

"Lest We Forget,"L. D. S. U. Girls'Glee Club, Margaret Summerhays,

director.

Our Slogans Edith R. Lovesy, Melvin J. Ballard

Closing hymn.'. "True to the Faith"

Benediction.

General Session, Tabernacle, 2 p. m.

This meeting will be in charge of the Presidency of the Church and of the General Officers of the M. I. A., and of the Primary Association.

Music for this occasion will be furnished by the Taberncale Choir,

Prof. A. C. Lund, director; Prof. J. J. McClellan, at the organ.

General Meeting, Tabernacle, 7:30 p. m.

Opening hymn, "Praise to the Man."

Invocation.

"Joseph Smith's First Prayer"Boy Scouts and BeeHive Girls

Joseph Smith's Attitude Towards Children David O. McKay

Duet Margaret Summerhays, David Reese

In The Light of One Hundred Years Levi Edgar Young

What of the Future? Dr. James E. Talmage

Closing hymn, "We Thank thee, O God, for a prophet."

Prayer.

MUTUAL WORK 757

Features of Summer Work Sunday Evening Joint Sessions The Fast Sunday evening of each month has been given to the Mutual Improvement Associations by the Authorities of the Church. This

is an opportunity for placing the work of the M. I. A. before the people

and also for developing the talents of our members; its value cannot be

over estimated; it should be utilized every month in the year. The exercises should be varied, largely participated in by the young people, and

should always be of a religious character.

Suggestions for Associations Meeting Weekly on Sunday Evenings

In many of the wards of the Church the Sacramental meetings are held in the afternoon and the Mutual Improvement Associations hold their exercises on the Sunday evenings. During the summer months, between

the study sessions of the M. I. A., special programs must be provided.

These should be of a religious nature, both because of the sacredness of the day and because young people appreciate the value of such programs and enjoy them when they are presented in the proper spirit and in an interesting manner.

The following questions are suggested as suitable for discussion in these joint M. I. A. gatherings. They are questions which every M. I. A.

member should be able to answer intelligently and quite fully, especially those who are preparing for service in the mission field:

1. Why was a restoration of the gospel necessary?

2. How is faith the fundamental principle of power in the Church?

3. Why is repentance essential to salvation?

4. Why do Latterday Saints believe in baptism by immersion?

5. Why is revelation necessary for the guidance of the Church of

Christ? 6. How does the organization of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints compare with that of the primitive Church?

7. What are the fundamental differences between the Church of Christ

and sectarian denominations?

8. Why do you believe Joseph Smith to be a Prophet?

One question may be sufficient for discussion for the entire evening. It may be given to several speakers, each one being permitted to

discuss it as he sees fit; or it may be divided into subtopics, as for

example No. 1:

1. Why was restoration of the gospel necessary?

a. The primitive Church.

b. The great apostasy.

c. Prophecies concerning a restoration.

d. Necessity for divine authority.

e. Preparation for the second coming of Christ.

The young men and women who participate should be encouraged to prepare their addresses carefully and present them in the best possible manner..,, -,

It is recommended also that at least one testimony meeting be held during the summer months.

M. /. A. Rallies

For the months of Julv and August the General Boards recommend that M. I. A. Rallies be held, one each month, to be conducted by the

stake boards as a stake gathering, and on each month to be prepared and carried out ps a ward gathering. These may be in the nature

of summer Chautauquas or community assemblies, and the programs should be of such a character as to interest bo'h young and old. Community singins should be made a prominent feature brief addresses or

rations may be given, in keeping with the spirit of the occasion, and 758 IMPROVEMENT ERA

games, etc., may be participated in. In most of our communities are

found facilities for holding these gatherings out of doors.

Stake and ward officers should begin early to plan for these rallies.

It is suggested that in the case of the ward gatherings, committees be formed among the M. I. A. members, under the direction of the officers,

so that the spirit of youth may enter into the programs. Let thorough

preparation be made that these rallies may be highly successful; let them

be the big events of the Summer.

It is desired that stakes report to the General Offices their arrangements for these rallies by May 20.

Fathers and Sons* Outing Under the leadership of the Y. M. M. I. A. provision will be made

for a fathers"and sons'outing to be taken some time during the summer.

The place, date and duration of the outing, are to be left to each stake.

Where it is thought advisable by the Stake Superintendency, the ward.

instead of the stake, unit may be used.

With proper preparation, giving announcement early, this event can be made one of the most pleasurable and profitable of the season. Have

a vacation, do something different, get close to your boys, go out into the open country and play, sing, rest, and worship. Every bishop, father,

son and every Y. M. M. I. A. officer should go. Keep away from resorts;

it interferes with the camp social spirit. If possible, plan for at least

three days in order that vou may establish a regular camp. Avoid Sunday.- Details will follow.

Portneuf Stake Spring M I. A. Chautauqua

What proved the most successful Chautauqua ever held in the Portneuf stake was rendered under direction of the Young Men's and Young Ladies'

Mutual Improvement Association stake boards, assisted by Mary Fisher, premier violinist of Ogden, Utah, in Robin, March 23; Arimo, March 26;

McCammon, March 25; Lava Hot Springs, March 24; and Downey, March

27. The company played to packed houses, but Downey turned out en

masse to hear Miss Fisher's splendid playing. She is a violinist of exceptional ability and her rendition of several difficult numbers demonstrated that

she has taken advantage of the teaching of masters in the profession. She

fulfilled every expectation, both as artist and as a wholesouled girl of the golden West. All who heard her, bespeak for Miss Fisher a bright

future. She was assisted on the piano by Mr. B. D. Blackhurst of Downey.

The two did excellent team work. Others who took part were Mrs. Charles

Hall, of McCammon, who captivated the people with her beautiful and well modulated soprano solo. Miss Shelley rendered valuable services as her ascompanist and as a piano soloist.

The girls'chorus of Downey and Swan Lake had their work well in hand. They had taken leading parts in the Downey high school operetta,

'"The Pennant"and exhibited some of the good training received under the tutorship of Professor Edward Cox.

President William A. Hyde of Pocatello stake delivered a well outlined

lecture containing many beautiful thoughts which were well received. He

made a very strong argument in favor of a clean, upright, and Godfearing life. Mr. Cox's and Milton Hyde's playing in the trio with Miss Fisher,

was declared one of the great features of the evening.

The Chautuaqua is a novel feature of the work performed by the

Portneuf stake, and the officers are highly elated and encourgaed by the results obtained. It is hoped that similar work will be undertaken next season. The officers of both associations extend a hearty thanks to the general public for the support that they gave the Portneuf stake Chautauqua

for 1920. G. Osmond Hyde, Downey, Idaho.

Armenia, the new republic, has been formally recognized by the United

States government, as an independent country.

Disabled veterans of the world war number 641,900 in the United

States. The appalling figure is given by Dr. W. C. Rucker, of the bureau

of war risk insurance, who also calculate! that it will cost the country

$325,000,000 annually to take care of them.

The population of Salt Lake City now totals 118,110. That is an increase of 25,333 since 1910, or 27.3 per cent. The average growth of American cities for the decennial has been estimated by high census officials

at twen'y per cent, and Salt Lake easily surpassed the average.

James J. Larkin, convicted of criminal anarchy, by a New York court,

was sentenced, May 3, to from five to ten years'imprisonment with hard labor. Several women expressed their sympathy with his cause, by shaking hands with him as she was led away, and one woman embraced him.

The death of Mrs. Tahora Hafen, wife of the artist, the late John Hafen,

occurred Sunday, April 11, while she was visiting one of her sons at a ranch in West Tintic. She was born in Provo, June 13, 1861, was a faithful

mother, and Church worker, and has lived in Springville the greater part of her lifetime.

War's cost in lives is now estimated at 35,380,000. Actual deaths as a

result of wounds and exposure totalled 9,829,000. The larger figure includes

losses through the decrease in the birthrate of the countries involved as will as the increase in deaths from causes directly attributed to the war.

The estimate is given by the Copenhagen Society for the Study of the Consequences of the War, after an exhaustive study of the data available.

The nationwide railroad strike was reported virtually at an end on

April 19. Warrants for the arrest of John Grunau, president of the socalled "outlaw"Chicago Yardmen's association, and other strike leaders,

were issued by United States Commissioner Lewis F. Mason. On May 3,

9,000 strikers in Chicago were ready to return to work, on certain condition but the conditions were not granted.

Beatrice Irene Scoville, daughter of Frank L. Scoville, of Ogden, passed

*way, April 10, at Boston, Mass. She had finished a twoyears'mission in

the Eastern states and was about to return home when she was stricken with illness. Her father hurried to her bedside and was with her when she

died. Sister Scoville was born in Ogden, Dec. 3, 1897. She was well educated and a faithful worker in the Church both at home and in the mission

field.

The National Catholic Laymen's Council was organized May 6, in Chicago, for the purpose of raising $20,000,000 among American Catholics and combatting "Bolshevism, anarchy, and all isms."Representatives of the

American Federation of Catholic societies, the Knights of Columbus, Catholic Order of Forresters, Knights of St. John, Associated Catholic Charities of Chicago and other cities participated in the discussion preliminary

to the adoption of a program.

760 IMPROVEMENT ERA

The Socialist convention in New York, May 13, selected Eugene Debs as the candidate of the party for the presidency of the United States. Debs

is, at present, serving a tenyear sentence in the federal penitentiary at Atlanta, Ga., for violation of the Espionage Act during the war. When he had

been nominated, the Socialist delegates expressed their antigovernment sentiments by prolonged cheering and marching around the hall in prison lockstep, a red flag in the lead.

Mrs. Annie C. Hansen died, April 28, at the home of her daughter,

Mrs. Minnie J. Lund, Brigham City. She was born on the island of

Bornholm, Denmark, Nov. 25, 1825, and came to this country Oct. 6, 1854,

in the second company from Scandinavia. Mrs. Hansen was the mother

of eleven children. There are fiftyfive grandchildren, 114 greatgrand-children and eleven greatgreat-grandchildren. Mrs. Hansen's total posterity

numbered 191, of which 151 survive her.

Roald Amundsen, who has been in the Arctic regions for over nineteen months, was reported at Anadir, eastern Siberia, April 23. He left Dixson

Island, Sept. 1, 1918, intending to sail and drift as far northward as he

could, and then go to the North Pole by airplane. Captain Amundsen, it

will be remembered, succeeded in reaching the South Pole, Dec. 14, 1911.

The supposition is that his ship, Maud, is now icebound in the Kolyma river, and that a party was sent to the trading post station at Anadir, to establish communication with the rest of the world.

Jews in Palestine have just selected delegates to a constitutional convention. According to an announcement dated May 13, this year, two

women won seats in the assembly. The labor group, it is added, will control

a majority of the delegates which will draft part of the fundamental law of the Jewish communities in Palestine. The elections were open to every

Jew and Jewess in Palestine above the age of 20. The ability to read, write,

and speak Hebrew were the only qualifications demanded of candidates for the assembly. Seventyfive per cent of the Jewish population is said to

have voted.

The Supreme Council of the League of Nations adjourned, April 26, after a tendays'meeting at San Remo. The Associated Press dispatches

tell us that premiers and foreign ministers parted in great personal cordiality and with confidence in the future. As a result of the deliberations

of tho Council, Great Britain continues her mastery of the Bosphorus and the Dardanelles, and is accorded a dominating influence over Palestine and

Mesopotamia. The interests of France in Silicia and Syria are recognized, as are those of Italy in Adalia, while the Greek territory is extruded by the addition of Thrace and Smyrna. The decree relating to

Palestine, which was adopted on May 24 and which recognizes that country as the homeland of the Jews, is one of the utmost importance.

John August Olsen, of Salem, Utah, a brother of Dr. Charles L. Olsen,

was called from this sphere of action April 25, this year, at his home. He

was born in Christiania, Norway, Aug. 21, 1849, and became a member of

the Church July 6, 1861. A few years later he left his native land and arrived in Ogden, Aug. 8, 1869, on the first emigrant train from Omaha, on

the Union Pacific. He later resided in Salt Lake and Santaquin, and in

1880 settled in Salem, where he has had his home ever since. Twice he performed faithful missions to Norway and Denmark. From Nov. 3, 1893,

till Dec. 8, 1895, and later in 1907-8, he was associate editor of Skandinaviens

Stjerne; and for a goodly number of years, was the ward clerk of Salem.

He was a gifted writer, and some of his poems have been published both at home and abroad. He leaves a widow and five children, besides numerous

friends who will miss him.

The revolt in Mexico has assumed a serious aspect. On April 22 it

PASSING EVENTS 761

was announced that other states had joined Sonora against the Carranza government, and on the following day United States warships were dispatched to Sinaloa ports and other points, to protect American interests.

Juarez capitulated May 3, and the event was signalized by the ringing of church bells and the blare of bands. On the same date American destroyers

were ordered to Vera Cruz and Tampico. On May 4, Adolfo de la Huerta,

governor of Sonora, was made provisional president of the seceders. Their

aim was to carry the war south and to attack the City of Mexico. Villa,

the notorious rebel leader, turned his armed force over to General Ignacio

Enrigues, the revolutionary commander in the Chihuahua district. On May

6 the federal garrison at Vera Cruz revolted, and the southward sweep of

Sonora revolutionists began. The City of Mexico was occupied by rebel

forces the following day, and Carranza fled and with several companions was reported killed, May 20 at Tlaxacalattongo, in an attack led by General

Rodolfo Serrera.

Jordan school district principals have created what Is said to be a precedent, by the adoption of a resolution, that hereafter, to obtain unconditioned promotion, pupils in junior and senior high schools must have attained a certain standard of proficiency in health, vocational, and civic service subjects.

A tentative schedule of the health program provides that the pupil must make a certain percentage of the credits allowed for health work, including care of teeth, nails, and hair, bathing at least once a week, ventilating bed room the year round, sleeping from eight to ten hours daily, wearing light, loose, porous clothing, keeping the physical functions of the body active, daily exercise in the open, meals at regular intervals, plain foods well masticated, abstaining from the use of certain stimulants and narcotics, and be cheerful.

For vocations, accomplishments in SmithHughes or in SmithLever work may be taken.

For civic service, cleanup campaigns, membership in the Boy Scouts,

Mutual Improvement associations, glee clubs, etc., may be taken into

account.

A destructive wind, blowing at the rate of 70 miles an hour, struck Salt

Lake City April 17, in the evening. Many plate glass windows were

smashed, trees were torn from their roots, and sign boards were hurled into the streets. Some houses were damaged by trees falling against the

roofs, but no accidents to people were reported. The city of Denver was

visited by a blizzard that paralyzed railroad traffic and created a serious food situation. Hundreds of railroad passengers spent Saturday night and

Sunday in the coaches without food and sleep. About 250 fatal accidents

were reported as a result of tornadoes in Alabama, Mississippi, and Tennessee. Many people sustained injuries, and a great deal of property was

destroyed. On May 3 the little village of Peggs, Oklahoma, was practically

wiped out by a tornado. Over seventy deaths and more than one hundred

cases of injury were reported. Another destructive cyclone was reported

from Greeley, Col., May 5.

Rhodes'Scholarships.—We have been asked to explain the Rhodes'

Scholarships. Cecil Rhodes, an Englishman of South Africa, founded about

ninety free scholarships for the most important British colonies, two for each state and territory for the United States, and, finally, five for the kindred Teutonic nation of Germany. The term is for three years. The

amount of the scholarship amounts to 300, or nearly $1,500 a year, and continues for three years. Applications for scholarship from Utah should

be sent to Secretary Baltzar H. Jacobsen, from whom detail information

may be obtained. His address is 3369 Highland Drive, Salt Lake City, and

applications should reach him before August 14. Two students from Utah

762 IMPROVEMENT ERA

will be chosen by Sept. 25. Every applicant must be a college graduate and

endorsed by the college from which he graduated.

For the information of our correspondents we refer to a richly illustrated article containing the pictures of the first three Rhodes'scholars from Utah, and written by the first appointee, B. H. Jacobsen, found in the

Improvement Era, Aug., 1908. In ten pages information in detail is given

concerning the scholarship.

Changes in Ward and Stake Officers, April, 1920. New Wards and

stake, Henry N. Mickelson bishop,Branches—Lost River ward, Lost River

Nibley ward, Hyrum stake, Alma Yates, bishop. Address, Logan R. D. No. 1,

Utah. Genola branch, Nebo stake, Frederick Larson, presiding elder.

New Mission President—Samoan mission, John Q. Adams, president, address, same. Succeeded Willard A. Keith.

New Bishops—Arco ward, Lost River stake, Thomas Chamberlain

bishop, succeeded Henry N. Michelson, address Arco, Idaho.

Chester ward, Yellowstone stake, Ernest G. Bates, bishop, succeeded

Elisha H. Bingham, address same. Unity ward, Burley stake, Archie L.

Stokes succeeded Lawrence E. Harris, address same. Pella ward, Burley

stake, James C. Peterson succeeded Charles H. Smith, address same. Storrs

ward, Carbon stake, Albert Richards Peterson succeeded Franklin T. Bennett, address same. Lehi First ward, Alpine stake, Robert John Whipple

succeeded Andrew Field, address same. Corinne ward, Box Elder stake,

Abraham Evans succeeded Alma Jensen, address same. Sterling ward,

South Sanpete stake, Eric Ludvigson succeeded Louis C. Olsen, address

same. Moore ward, Lost River stake, John E. Harris succeeded Willard H.

Sorenson, address same.

The resignation of Horace G. Whitney as business manager of the

Deseret News was accepted by the First Presidency, April 16, this year.

He is succeeded by Elias S. Woodruff, bishop of the Forest Dale ward.

Mr. Whitney was appointed business manager of the News, Jan. 1,

1899, by President Lorenzo Snow. The Whitney family has been connected with the paper ever since its establishment, Mr. Whitney's father, the

late Horace K. Whitney, having set the first type on the fir&i is.sue, in

June, 1850. Later, Orson F. Whitney, brother of the retiring business manager, was city editor of the paper in the early '80's. Mr. Whitnev himself

became connected with the musical and dramatic departments of the paper when the sheet was under lease to the Cannon Brothers in the '90's, he having been an early and enthusiastic supporter of these arts as represented in the Home Dramatic and various musical ventures of a few decades ago.

His first experience in the daily newspaper field, however, was gained as city editor and subsequently manager of the Salt Lake Herald in the '80's. The prominent position which the News at present holds in the

newspaper world is due, very largely, to the business ability and integrity of Mr. Whitney.

Elias S. Woodruff, his successor, is the son of Wilford Woodruff and

Emily Jane Smith Woodruff and a grandson of the late President Wilford

Woodruff. He attended local schools, spending two years at the University

of Utah, and has since the age of 14 been connected in some way with the printing trade. He first worked under Joseph Bull, pioneer printer, later

for the Tribune press room and also in the press room of the Utah Lithographing Company. After having filled a mission in Kentucky, from 1895

to 1898, and been in the employ of the Z. C. M. I., 1899 to 1903, he came

to The News as advertising manager, but left to organize the WoodruffSheets-Morris Coal Company, of which he is still president and stockholder;

and he returned as advertising manager, June 1, 1917. He was appointed

assistant business manager Feb. 1, 1919. He is well liked by his business

associates. We wish him success in his new calling.

The Era for July will contain manuy attractive papers of value to parents, teachers, and the general public, on educational affairs in Utah and the West.

Order extra copies now.

Elders McArthur and Steele, writing from New York, May 3, say: "The elders

of the East Pennsylvania conference and all the Saints who are subscribers, read the

Era with a great deal of pleasure. Those who are not able to attend services, derive

much benefit from reading the helpful sermons and articles in the Era. It is an

excellent magazine, one of our chief methods of spreading the gospel among the people."

Improvement Era, June, 1920 Two Dollars per Annum

Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah, as second class matter

Acceptance for mailing at special rate of postage provided for in Section 1103, Act of

October 3, 1917, authorized on July 2, 1918

Address, Room 406 Church Office Building, Salt Lake City, Utah

Heber J. Grant, ),. Edward H. Anderson, Business Mgr.

Edward H. Anderson, \ Edltors Moroni Snow, Assistant

Bridal Veil Falls, Provo Canyon, Utah Frontispiece

Bridal Veil Falls, Piovo Canyon Alfred Lambourne 669

Ninetieth Annual Conference Themes Prest. Heber J. Grant 671

Boyhood and Youth of Brigham Young. IllustratedPrestora Nibley 681

The Sacred Grove, North of the Farm House,

Palmyra, N. Y. Photo 690

One Hundred Years Ago Elder Melvin J. Ballard 691

A Summer Outing and What Came of It. Illustrated Hon. Anthony W. Ivins 695

Kirtland Temple, Ohio. Photo 70

*"1Joseph Smith as a Statesman—VIVII

Died in Service J'The Test. A Story William Henry Peterson 715

The Sacred Grove Charles F. Steele 720

A Hymn of Humanity Joseph Longking Townsend 721

Joseph the Seer...Dr. George H. Brimhall 722

Nature's Whispers. A Poem D. C. Restloff 723

To Thine Own Self be True. A Story Ruth Savage Hilton 724

Notes on Bible Texts / M. Sjodahl 731

Indians in Washington Conferring on Oil Lease.

Group Photo lil The Cradle of Faith Nephi Jensen 735

Life Eternal Dr. James E. Talmage 736

The Huterian Brethren E. Pingree Tanner 738

Essenials of Permanent Agriculture—III Dr. Elmer G. Peterson IW

Editors'Table: Special Notice First Presidency 743

Leadership -r;—.,

TeacherTraining and Social Work First Presidency 74b

Cooperative Auxiliary Conventions First Presidency 746

Messages from the Missions 'f1

Mutual Work 'g Passing Events --- - JllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllHKliiillllirill limn itin 1 1 n 1 11 iiiit i i J 1 1 1 i 1 1 1 ii ri 1 1 1 t 1 1 > 1 1 ti 1 1 I mum minimi:-

iMsiiMWl

America's Most Distinguished Material

For Memorials

"Used in such famous memorials as the Joseph Smith at

Sharon, Vermont; the Hyrum Smith at Salt Lake City; the

Philip D. Armour at Chicago; the "Uncle Joe*'Cannon

Family memorial at Danville, 111.; the U. S. Senator Gordon at Los Angeles, Cal.; and thousands of others.

"See your dealer for further information, or write for free booklet, "The Rock of Ages.'*

Boutwell, Milne & Varnum Company,

Dept. O., Montpelier, Vermont.

"QUARRIES AT BARRE, VT.,

THE GRANITE CENTER OF THE WORLD"

5'"'"Miiuiiiiiiiitiiiiimniiiiiiiiiiii:ii!iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiMiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii miiimiminimiiiiiiiiiiiiiitiiiiiiiiiimmi iiiiMiimiiiriiiiiiiiniii?

"IIIIMIIIIIimitlllllHIIIIHIIMIIIIIIIIIIimilllllllMIIHHHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIHIIIIIIIIIIimill'.: >'IIIIIIHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIItlltlllllllllltllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllimilHlllllllllt*

Books $150 POSTPAID for Your Library (

You are interested in building | | up a substantial home Library | | one that reflects your interests and | | special literary tastes. With our | |

cooperation you can have just such a collection of books. 1 1

Tell us what you are especially | | interested in and we will suggest | titles for you to select from—and

all with a view of building in a f | consistent and systematic way. | |

We carry all the best Books in | | IS your boy inclined to shift all the branches of literature. We | | A around? It will pay you to buy

can serve you efficiently at our | him a copy of "The Man of Tostores or by mail. Write today morrow,"the new book on vocafor free book lists.

tional guidance.

Deseret Book Co. Deseret Book Co.

6 Main St. 44 East So. Temple | Salt Lake City, Utah

frtiifHiiiiiiinimiitiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiMiiiitiiiiiiiiiiitiMiiiiiiiiiiiiiimiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiimiitfil rmiiiiiiiimi imiiminiiiiimiHiiiiimiiimiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiinii?

diniiiiiiiiilliiiiiiliiltiiiiiiimiiiiiiitmiimilltllllimiilHliiilliiiiiniitliii iiiiiniiiiiiiiiii liiimtiiiiiiitiiiiimiiiMiimmiMiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiimiiii in iiimiiimiimii

AFTER THE FIRE EVERYBODY ASKS

It Was

Can you answer the YES?—in

I HOME FIRE INSURANCE CO.

HEBER J. GRANT & CO.

General Agents 22 Main Street, Salt Lake City, Utah

friiiiitiiiiiitiiMiiiiitiiMiiiiniiiniiiiitiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiitiiiiiiiiiiitiiiuitiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiitiiiiiiiiiiiiiiititiiiiiiiiiiifiiiiiiiiitiNtiiiitiiiiiMiiiiiiiiiitiiitiiiitiittri

JOS. Wfli TAYLOR APRIL ERA

Utah's Leading Undertaker ind Commemorating

Licensed Embalmer THE FIRST VISION Chapel, Private Fine Funeral

Parlor, Chapel and Morgue of the

Prophet Joseph Smith Office open day and night.

Telephone Wasatch 7600 20c PER COPY 21. 28 and 2S South West Temple

Salt Lake City, Utah Post paid as long as they last

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLKASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

-I"1 HIU1 IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIMIIIIIIIIIMI HIIHIIIIIIIIIIHIIIIMIIIIIIIIIIHIIIIMIIimni IIIIIIIIIIIMIIIIIIIIIIIIIMIIMIIIIHII 11111 Illllllllllll Illlllll HIIIII

ICE CREAM AND CANDIES

We are serving the public Hot Lunches, Ice Creams and Fountain Drinks at Four Retail Stores 55 So. Main 160 So. Main 260 So. State Candy Dept. at Walker's

'IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIMIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIMIIIIIIIIMillllllll 1111)11 MlltimimilllllHIIIIIIimiMIIIMIIMIIHHIIIIIIIIII

f mini ii t mi i tu in i ii ti >i mi ii ti ti 1 1 1 1 1 it 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 j 1 1 ii 1 1 1 j n 1 1 ii ii ii ii ii 1 1 ii ii ii 1 1 1 1 1 1 ii 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 ii 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 m 1 1 1 1 i ii i in 1 1 ii 1 1 1 1 1 1 ii ii ti ti ii imiii it ti 1 1 it 1 1 ri 1 1 1 j ii m 1 1 1 1 itu ii M i it 1 1=

The Home of Scowcroft's "Neverrip"Overalls, Khaki Pants, | 1 Work Clothes and "MadeRite"Shirts, Modern Daylight Factory.

| 'Western Made By 200 Western Maids."Visitors Welcome. |

JOHN SCOWCROFT & SONS CO.

Ogden, Utah

=1 mi ii 1 1 1 ti i n i n 1 1 11 i mi 1 1 n i n 1 1 n 1 1 1 1 1 1 in i ii n ii 1 1 n 1 1 1 1 1 1 in 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 it n 1 1 1 ii 1 1 1 1 m 1 1 1 1 1 n 1 1 1 1 1 iiiiiiiiinitiiiiiiitiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiniinii

ASSETS MORE LIFE INSURANCE THAN TWO and PROTECTS YOUR FAMILY IF YOU DIE

PROTECTS YOU IF YOU LIVE ONEHALF

Ask about our plan which helps you to accumulate MILLION an estate at the same time you are protecting your family. DOLLARS

We want good agents in every town

Beneficial Life Insurance Company

Heber J. Grant, Pres. Vermont Bldg., Salt Lake Lorenzo N. Stohl, V.-Pre. & Mgr.

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA