!;;-:.,,

lilmproacmenrEra..what you want in heating

l/ it's clean lA it's convenient 1/ it's economical l/ it's dependable 1/ it requires no Convert your present plant to storage space Gas before the rush season begins and be ready for ideal heat next winter.

for modern home heating

( feit ai. (ee 6f uHu

OUNT Al FUEL SUPPLY COMPANY ECPLORING

- o>:; \-<>

:?c:...

By DR. FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR.

A BOUT onefifth of the world's production of 35 million tons of sugar is consumed in the United States. This

is not all consumed as a food; sugar is

produced in greatest quantity of any other pure organic chemical in the

United States.

HThe planet Mars contains about the same amount of carbon dioxide as does the earth, measurements by Dr.

G. P. Kuiper have revealed. The

Martian polar caps are probably ordinary snow and clouds made of water.

R. J. Cushman and Wallace Wilson

have similarly found considerable carbon dioxide on Venus.

A NEW magnetic material called then,Every woman,nnust fixnowan andimSilmanal, composed of silver, promptu meal... to be

manganese, and aluminum can be magserved without ceremony netized thicknesswise instead of lengthto hungry, unexpected wise in a thin sheet. If a compass were guests. And that's when

their can be worth SNAX material of suchmade and magnetized lA/ith weight for in praise the pointwidthwise east it would and west instead of north and south. hostess. They glorify the

simplest menu, enhancILTalf the work done by snowplows ingand thethe flavorzest ofof beverfoods is used in packing the snow, it has ages. Always have a

been found by Karl Croce, formerly in package of SNAX atcharge of snow research for the Gercasual hand—those rich, goldenman State Highway System. Instead brown crackers with the

of throwing the snow with direct atbuttery goodness and tack, tests show that it is more efficisalt-tang taste.ent to use a blade to clear a narrow meal Reach for the bright red

lane and then lift and throw it to one package at your grocery side with a rotary plow. store.

nPo keep warm at extremely low temperatures the Byrd Antarctic expedition of a year ago found a rubber suit effective. The costume is made

of a closefitting inner layer of rubber, a layer of insulation with a rubber outer layer.

Drofessor P.M.S. Blackett of the

University of Manchester has recently given theoretical and observational evidence that the earth is a magnet because it spins, as is every other large spinning mass. It was believed

for a considerable period that the magnetism of the earth was a result of its composition such as a core of magnetic iron. At the temperature of the earth's

center it is now known that iron is no longer magnetic. PURITY BISCUIT COMPANY PHOENIX&

AUGUST 1948 481

v4 audi >lmpraacmcntira;i"T H E V O I C E F THE CM U RC H"s'n:'1948

<>w?*.

< NUMBER 8

3iliir>*ya -liS OFFICIAL ORGAN OF THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS, DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION

MUSIC COMMITTEE, WARD TEACHERS, AND OTHER AGENCIES OF THE CHURCH OF JESUS CHRIST OF LATTERDAY SAINTS

The Editor's Pae The Cover Partaking of the Lord's Blessings George Albert Smith 489 npHE poignant history of the Mor- -* mon handcart pioneers stands

Church Fealires unchallenged as a record of man's

Leadership and the Needs of Youth Ezra Taft Benson 492 heroism. Mile after mile over blistersands, after hour hour through General Board The

snowy mountain passes, foot, on ReconciHations: Evidences and of the Y*W,MXA.CXXV—What Is An Intelligence? 496 ing pulling the only essential most

John A, Widtsoe 513 their belongings, they made theirof

The Church Moves On -....484 NoLiquor-Tobacco Column 5 1 heartbreaking way toward the

1948 M.I.A. Conference chosen Acgathering place. June Fortunate Bishopric's.520 Presiding Page

tivities indeed if 490 they were they escaped Genealogy: Books of RememLargest death Missionary Class in Hisfrom hunger, cold, or exhaus524 brance tory tion. This 508 to monument commemoMelchizedek Priesthood 518 M.LA. Activities in Picture 526 rate the handcart pioneers is the

work of Torlief Knaphus and stands

Special Features north of the Tabernacle on Temple

A Challenge to Better Speaking in the Church Adam S* Bennion 495 Square.Brunt andIt adaptedwas takento coverby Pauluse byS.

Why Keep the Sabbath Day Holy? Charles Jacobsen.

Dawna Daw 497 Leeman Perkins 497 New Subscription Price **Ye Who Are Galled to Labor"—Part I Juanita Brooks 498 HThe new subscription price for

With Explorer Scouts on the Colorado Doyle L. Green 502 -*- The Improvement Era is $2.50

'Taith is a Short Cut"—Let's Talk It Over.... Mary Brentnall 505 a year. This rate is for subscriptions

The Spoken Word from Temple Square Richard L* Evans 510 in the United States and possessions,

Exploring the Universe, Franklin Cook's Corner, Josephine B. Canada, Mexico, South America, and

S. Harris, Jr 481 Nichols 515 Central America. Subscriptions in all

other countries are a year. $3.00 Better World, These Times—The 543 to Advertisers Index

fifty For over the years price of 483 G. Durham Homer with Church PublicaThis Month The Improvement at held was Era the 501 Bookrack On 543 tions year, $2.00 a sometimes under very Janette Another Boy, Homing:

Stevenson Murray 514 Your Page and Ours 544 trying conditions. Unusually high

printing and operating costs made

Editorials the boost in price mandatory.

June Conference, 1948 Marba C Joscphson 512

Qualities of Youth Marba C. Josephson 512 Editors

George Albert Smith Stories, Poetry John A. Widtsoe

Tomorrow is Another Year H. R* Fea 500 ManagingRichard L.EditorEvans

Mulek of Zarahemla—Chapter VHI J* N. Washburn 506 Assistant Managing Editor

Frontispiece: The White Road, Balm, Dorothy Marie Davis... 534 Doyle L. Green

Catherine E. Berry 487 Family Song, Maurine Jacobs... 539

Poetry Page 488 Associate Editor

Josephson C. Marba

Manager Executive and Morris Editorial. Offices:. GenerolGeorge Q.

50 North Main Street, Salt Lake City 1, Utah Associate Manager

Copyright 1948 by Mutual Funds, Inc., a Corporation of the Young Bertha S. Reeder

Men's Mutual Improvement Association of the Church of Jesus Christ Business Manager of Latterday Saints. All rights reserved. Subscription price, $2.50 a John D. Giles

year, in advance; foreign subscriptions, $3.00 a year, in advance; 25c Editorial Associates

single copy. Elizabeth J. Moffitt

Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah, as secondclass Albert L. Zobell, Jr.

for matter. at special provided for mailing rate of postage Acceptance Director '"Advertising in section July 2, 1918. 1917, authorized of October 1103, Act Verl F. Scott

The Improvement Era is not responsible for unsolicited manuscripts, National Advertising Representatives but welcomes contributions. Edward S. Townsend,

All manuscripts must be accompanied by sufficient postage for delivery and return. Son Francisco and Los Angeles

Change of Address: Dougan and Bolle,

Fifteen days'notice required for change of, address. When ordering a change, please include Chicago and New York'

address slip from a recent issue of the magazine. Address changes cannot be mode unless the old Member, Audit Bureau of Circulations

address as well as the new one is included... *

The Better World

By DR. G. HOMER DURHAM about and see pictured, and, occasionHead ot Political Science Department and ally as individuals, witness and experidhjodinjij?

Director of the Institute of Government, ence. Cancer societies and traffic safeUniversity of Utah ty societies have risen out of the tortured experiences of our brothers and

sisters who have had their loved ones, ** A UGUST 1948!"Thus endeth the or been themselves, smitten. But the n

third year of the atomic age, soAmerican Cancer Society and the Trafmormofis called, and most of us are still here. fic Safety Council are not out to "save

That is, those of us who haven't sucthe world."They are merely trying in

cumbed in advance to cancer, heart methodical, slow, painful ways to imdiseases, and causes prove the lot of man in their respective traffic—principal

of modern death in North America. fields.

Chances are pretty good that succeeding Augusts will find most of us more Ts the anxious rush to save the world in peril from cancer, bad hearts, and from the atomic bomb a basic gestraffic, than from atoms; at least for a ture or, in the course of history, merewhile. ly another response of fearful man to

a new danger, a new form of the old 'T'his line of thought raises a question phenomenon, guilty consciences couTHESE AMAZING -,, $1.00 MORMONS and suggests some answers. pled with freshlyawakened concern by JOSEPH H. WESTON

L. D. S. Church the Morand

people as XVThy do we become for "salvation"? monThe described seen and

more concerned \T7hatever or howbytiona nownewspaperready. man. Second ediover the threat of atomic ever it is, it can

destruction than destrucprobably be stated that tion by cancer, heart men will hardly be saved disease, traffic; or plain from atomic terrors any

destruction in any form? more or in any difEerent

The assumption, please way than they are saved observe, is that we have from anything.

been more concerned. Why have so

many rushed forward to save the A FEW, only, can and have saved us world from atomic bombs in the face (or most of us) from the perils of of cancer next door, heart disease smallpox, cholera, malaria, yellow feacross the street, stomach ulcers, alver, typhoid, darkness at night, and coholism, and traffic problems nearer whatnot. Most of us have received this

home? Is it a new or is it an old type of salvation without too great

phenomenon? effort on our own part, although it

has necessitated going to a clinic or a

Atomic death, at least the sudden ingschool,on arollingswitch.upMaybeone's sleeve,salvationor turnfrom A NEW WITNESS

is variety, less probably no unFOR CHRIST IN atomic war can join such categories.

desirable individual, o an corothan $2.50 folk But with vaccine, quinine, electric AMERICA

isnary thrombosis; DR. by less probably FRANCIS no W. KIRKHAM lights, and chlorine continue to die

historical "The of proof the truthpainful the than of gnawing cancer, cancer, from heart disease, traffic! the of Book and never Mormon has

life expires,even beenof presented gradually, when fully due more or conbest, final the is At of day passing only vincingly..". than in this book. to atomic radiation. Is poison it pos-—Dr. John A. postponed Wrdtsoe the prodigious by labors of

sible that "social"death, massdestruc- the few. of THIS the USE what And many, with HANDY

istion, feared more than "individual"the added years and hours ORDER granted by FORM death, in one? one principle; by Not L.D.S. vaccine Scriptures....$4.50 electric and Hghts? More n Gilbert "social"have Charles hadwe massdeath mechOrme gastronomical triumphs the over stomTeller's Storyanisms Scrapus for with time. In some n ach kidneys? and strain nervous More bookdegree, $1.00 perhaps, the atomic has bomb for heart, the accident more insurance Albert L. Zobell. Jr.awakened apprehensions, new only but only? The Quest $2.25 D the calloused.among F. O. Ursenbacb

Perhaps these times are suggesting D Brigham Young, The that of the Hour....$2.00 man's principal anew is labor Man theTt is facts among that commonest D. Leah Widtsoe still with himself, that the and better one not day, distant long for any Mansions Many n His the world, ultimate goals of salvation, allone, death meet or anroad by one $2.25 to have be defined outside of beman, S. Rulon Howellsother. In 1948, traffic cancer will and

undoubtedly prey among us more than yond smallpox, beyond digitalis, be- n Discourses of Wilyond Oak Ridge, beyond divided highford Woodruff $2.50atomic bombs.

Dr. G. Homer Durham ways and parkways, beyond the grave,

in order for him to be fit company for

Ts the answer one of fear for the fuhis brother men. To know the only true ture? Fear of the unknown, the God, and Jesus Christ who he has sent, BOOKCRAFT

newer, strange thing? Cancer we know is the initial means, as Jesus taught, of 1186 So. Main St.

and see;3:(but rarely discuss save in bringing to pass that better world in Salt Lake City 4. Utah

whispers). Traffic accidents we read each of us, wanting development.

eOldPLETE ik L/\iWt>c\i

INFORIiUTIilH Elder Bennett rooms upstairs. It had a twostory

pLDER Archibald F. Bennett, secfireproof vault, suitable for storing

retary of the Genealogical Society Church records. An unused boiler

of the Church, is in Europe again, makroom was found to be suitable to be ing a firsthand check of the progress converted into a baptismal room.

being made of microfilming genealogiFive missionaries have now been

They had been called to the Japanese ON BUYING callibrary.recordsThisforisthehisChurchsecond genealogicaltrip abroad granted permission to enter Japan.

in the interest of this work since the Mission several months ago, but had termination of World War II. On this labored among the Japanese people of

Pacific Mission in Central Hawaii ofthe trip to visit government expects he & PREPARING enter to while awaiting permission officers ficials in England, library and

Sweden, Norway, Denmark, Holland, Japan.

Switzerland, Italy, France, and posNo missionaries, outside of Presisibly Finland. dent Clissold, were in Japan, at the

time of the earthquake and tidal waves

Tabernacle Organ in June. MEATS FOR HPhe work on the new organ for the

Salt Lake Tabernacle is progressWar Heroes ing according to plan, and it is exIViLiTARY, state, and Church leaders paid high tribute to the four fallen FREEZING pected that the finished instrument will

Borgstrom brothers at memorial servbe played at the coming October conices, June 26, as the bodies of Clyde, ference. Already a swell organ has LeRoy, Rolon, and Rulon (twins)

been installed with thirtynine sets of were returned to their peaceful Bear pipes. River Valley in northern Utah. They

were the sons of Mr. and Mrs. Alben

Canadian Seminaries Borgstrom of Thatcher, Utah.

rR. Franklin L. West, Church Pfc. Clyde E. Borgstrom fell with

commissioner of education, has rethe Marines on Guadalcanal, March turned from Alberta, Canada, where he 17, 1944. Pfc. Elmer LeRoy, a member

has made arrangements for the opening of the 9 1 st Infantry Division, was killed of two fulltime seminaries—one in in Italy on June 22, 1944. A badly shot

Raymond, the other in Cardston. up bomber limped back to England

While in Canada, Dr. West also infrom a raid over Germany August 8,

Get it NOW vestigateding an institutethe possibilitiesofof religion atestablishEdmon- body1944, onwithboard.Sgt.Rulon,Rolonhis twin,Borgstrom'sdied of

at your grocer'or at your ton, whereby the approximately 125 wounds seventeen days later in France.

favorite Ibckeir ptaiit. Latterday Saint students attending the He had been serving with the 38th InUniversity of Alberta could complefantry, Second Division. A fifth brothhelpful, guide to informative This or ment their university studies with er, Boyd, serving with the Marine better use of your home freezer

frozen food locker -will save you weekday religious activities. Corps, was released from service after

wisely. help money, you to buy It is Many of the students who will benehis brothers'deaths. A sixth brother, to a service as the housepresented

Vfife by the makers of LOCKERAP fit from these two seminaries which Eldon, was too young for the wartime frozen wrapping meat—the paper will be opened this fall, have progenidraft. The Borgstroms have three better, protection that gives longer

of natural meat color and flavor. Get tors who came into southern Alberta daughters.

both at your grocer's or locker plant. with the first Church colonization Colonel Leonard R. Crews, comHandy homesized roll... movement in Canada, under the direcmanding ofiicer of the Sixth Army es20-in. wide, 1 50ft. long. tion of Charles O. Card in 1887. Tocort detachment at Ogden, said:

day there are three Canadian stakes of "The Borgstroms are the only fourZion, Alberta, centering in and around star Gold Star family on record in

Cardston, where the Temple is located; World War II. Only the five Sullivan

Taylor, with headquarters at Raybrothers, all serving on the same Navy mend; and the Lethbridge, with headship when it was sunk, constituted a

quarters at Lethbridge. The headquargreater single loss to a family. The

ters of the Western Canadian Mission Borgstrom boys were in separate is at Edmonton, Alberta. branches of the service, in separate

theaters of action."

Japanese Mission Services were held in the tabernacle

Oenovating is now being pressed on at Garland, Utah. Speakers included

the recently purchased mission President George Albert Smith, Herhome in Tokyo, by Edward L. Clisbert B. Maw, governor of Utah, and

WESTERN WAXED PAPER CO. sold, mission president. The home when General Mark W. Clark, commander.

NORTH C Division PORTLAND/OREGONr o wn -Ze I I e rbach Corp.- purchased, had a living room, dining Sixth Army. The brothers are again

room, library, office, and a kitchen imited as their mortal remains lie side on the ground floor, and sleeping by side in the Tremonton Cemetery.

484 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA M.I.A. Institute v5 'A 1.

jlORE THAN three hundred Mutual

Improvement Association leaders attended the M.I.A, Leadership Institute during the latter part of June.

M. I. A. problems and activities werediscussed on the eampus of Brigham DOLLARS

Young University by the university's the generalfaculty members and superTO YOUR HiTR VESTintendency, general presidency, the and general boards of the Mutuals.

William Mulder

TlTiLLiAM Mulder, former associate editor of The Improvement Era, was one of the six winners in an international essay contest sponsored by the

SwedishAmerican steamship lines in connection with the current centennial of the Swedish pioneers in the United

States. His essay was entitled "Ola

Nilsson Linjenquist and His Cooperative City,"and dealt with the Mormon convertimmigrant who was an early colonizer of Hyrum, Utah.

Palmyra Branch

Purchase of a two and a half story residence at Palmyra, New York, which will be remodeled into a chapel for the branch there, has been announced by Bishop Thorpe B. Isaacson

of the Presiding Bishopric. buildThe Aing is near the Hill the SUBSOIL WITH Cumorah, where

ofBook delivered Mormon plates were to the Prophet Joseph Smith by the JOHN DEEREKILLEFER!

Angel Moroni. If hardpan has a strangle hold on your acreages, subsoiling this Fall with

John DeereKillefer Equipment is one of the most certain ways to boost

Tabernacle Organ Recitals your crop yields... give you those extra profits which are rightly yours.

Breaking the subsoil will the up to land rapid moisture open up pene- L. RichardPresident diEvans,

tration, creating a reservoir the in moisture for subsoil plant the roots rector of of the Bureau Informato during draw upon dry weather. vigorous root is encourgrowth More

tion on Temple Square, announced that aged because roots are able to get down to new supplies of plant food.

47,633 persons attended the Tabernacle Water runoff and soil erosion are reduced to a minimum.

a size There's DeereKillefer scientifically Panbreaker designed of John recitalsorgan during June. ago, A year shattering for It lifts hardpan inches deep. from destroys 20 to 36 andthe total June was 31,718. sixthe For sterile formations hardpan the bringing without to subsoils the

month period ending June 30, 81,759 Massive in construction, the John DeereKillefer assures low surface.upkeep

attended recitals, compared with costs, longlived performance even on the most grueling jobs.

68,115 during the same period in 1947. For heavyduty chiseling, the "V", below, or "G"Series Chisel Culti-

.. is ideal. vator are sturdily Both constructed plenty. have for of clearanceTotal attendance at is folthe grounds

excellent field doing in stubble trashy conditions. or Built in work alowing trend, the same but not so sizes, variety of available both are with mechanical for use with lift or

markedly. hydraulic power.

Best Teacher Award It will pay you to subsoil with a John DeereKillefer. See your John Deere

gLANCHE Ferre, a teacher of Brigdealer or write today for free literature.

ham City, Utah, Central school, has recently been awarded the Quiz Kids'

Best Teacher Award for teachers inthe primary grades. No usual run of JoHX Deere

the mill radio contest was this with a pot of gold danghng at the end of the M O L I N E ILLINOIS ring of her telephone. She was nominated by one of her students as "the

teacher who has helped me most."

There were thirtyfive thousand such

V*t I?nominations. Ten of these student

nominees were selected as finalists.

These teachers were then quizzed Mft about themselves and their attitude toward teaching. Their state and district

supervisors were asked about teacher's the * 'i.i't -. w> work. tabulating, upon And

Miss Ferre had won the prize—$1,000. --si

AUGUST 1948 485 A GREAT ORGANIZATION SUGGESTS A READING COURSE MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS

For Special Interest Groups: For Juniors:

EZRA TAFT BENSON $3.00 THE HEART OF A ROSE 35c & 75c

By John Henry Evans and Minnie Egan Anderson By Mabel A. McKee

DOCTOR $2.75 THE FIRST WOMAN CONSTITUTION OF THE UNITED -,, - Baker By Rachel Il>l.UU STATES

THE BLUE DOWRY $2.75

LOUIS PASTEUR $2.75 By F. M. Updegraff

By Laura N. Wood

For Bee Hive:

ALL IN A TEACHER'S DAY $2.75

By Parley A. Christensen OUR FAMILY

By Adet and Anor Lin PRELUDE TO THE KINGDOM $2.75 GOING ON SIXTEEN $2.00

By Gustive O. Larson By Betty Cavanna

LIFE.... HAYDN, THE GOOD $3.00 DISCOURSES OF BRIGHAM H., r By David Ewen ROBERTS $1.50

BURNEY YOUNG MISS $2.50 IN THE GOSPEL NET $1.75 By Anna Bird Stewart

By John A. Widtsoe

OF STONE AND STAR $2.50 For Explorers:

By Utah Sonneteers ox TEAM MIRACLE $2.00

For Gleaners: By H. Hawthorne

For Scouts:

HARPS IN THE WIND $3.50 SIR WILFRED GRENFELL $2.50

By Carol Ryrie Brink By Genevieve Fox

DESERET "EDUCATIONBOOKLIVES AS LONG AS YOU HEADCOMPANYGOOD BOOKS"44 East South Temple Street Salt Lake City 10, Utah

Please send me the following reading course books:

Herewith I send $.. *

Name Address.

*Add 2% sales tax in Utah.

486 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA -li"l

'- vj,->\

im-

—Photograph by J. K. Anderson

The white road

L-/vER the hill and faraway The white road twists and turns

Through wooded valleys, dark with night,

Where only starlight burns;

The white road dips and runs away

Through summer's violet mist And beckons me to follow where

The beaches, goldenkissed, Spread silver sands to tread upon.

And water, cool and sweet.

The white road beckons while I stand

Bound to a city street!

et/'iV AUGUST 1948 487 THIS IS YOUR BIRTHDAY By Elaine V. Emans

'T*His is your birthday, and, wherever you *- Are, wishes follow, though you do not know.

One wish is for the high traditional blue

FORESTSPELL Sky over you, with streams of song to flow

From feathered throats you love; another,

By Helen Mating still More pleasure out of work; and, on and on,

hill like living slope emerald of an The let spell the in the of us walk woodCOME is for climbing; regrets gone; what For no freshness, nature's the deep and Loving

friends to underlaugh you, with and And mood.

stand, that wildsounds areThere so we many is silence, their too. This keep day And hear:

yours, the ofRustling leaves and reach branches

I speak, take cannot though nor your And, ear.

hand. the hoofwinged snap and of a twigThe

assiues of smiling the gods, wish With my pounding all see. inner year can your eye be that The deer. things the Oh,Of quickstartled

it for than to be. ask more would Then you are sounding

Are all a vast part of a symphony. Walking,

of footfalls, and quiet the talking; FAITHBe chary

birds are part; the mystical where aCome

of the are best with By Alfred I. Tooke heardSounds woods

the heart. T SEE the road so short a way ahead,

* But by a loving Father I am led.

And with him guiding me, I can depend

On coming safely to my journey's end.

journey I 'Photograph, courtesy Zion Easter Pageant Committee first the make. must He traveled DEEP IN AUGUST

will take sometimes, he when I stumble And in his, smile me, and on and then By Eva Willes Wangsgaard THE TEMPLE feet again. firmly on OF SINAWAVA WillMy handset me my ZION'S CANYON

in August, andTt was deep burned summer is steep, if the or road sometimes rough And 'long hours slow somnolent with The By Nellie May Docan is that watching, and will he keep I know ease. will feet straying, and from keep my My

of whisper paint the turned gold scenes no had brush can neverAs soul trees. MY in its chore the from emerald upon. eyes have gazed wonderingA leafyet, until goal. My I reach Safe all harm, from my

the scents, perfumes wereEven summery to thoughts the words pen I have no

The reddening berry, the purpling plum. That filled my soul at morning's dawn.

battalion in dusty tents hollyhock spires. of those greatA majesty The

mustering with out hum; a summery light; UNDER THE JUNIPERWas in the roseate morning's Bathed

When seized by a reasonless melancholy. The violet canyons filled with mist By John Nixon, Jr.My heart sensed autumn, an ominous Still held the shadows of the night.

breath, And prompted my arms to an ageold folly, But deep within my grateful heart **J* friend,"WISH you wouldn't whisper so, my

Attempting to shield one hour from death. I thank you, Lord, for giving me I muttered to the cedar; still the wind

I clutched at the leaves, the flowers, the The loan of beautyladen days. And she kept up their boring conversation

fruit, That opened wide my eyes to see And quite ignored my drowsy indignation.

Aware of invisible hands on my loot. Thy presence in those mighty walls.

In wooded vale and flowing stream, Then just when I began to doze once more,

In stmset rays, whose burning fires (I guess she didn't like my lyric snore)

Made Sinawava's Temple gleam. She tossed green jewels on my overalls

And stung my face with tiny pale blue

I balls. walls, beside walked your And who PLAN HOUSE too, beside might, shadow, your A

I eyes, closed determined Again now my visions of the ones came who Had Hill By Lad W. sleep. to thoughtl Next, from Vain To go night. there far worship on some To

each bough except soul For a mighty who I little have a I want my house, torture and both to (Her seemed aimWHEN vast. within that dwell temple Could

one amaze) alone remains to speak now Which hill. of windkissed aOn top of jays. jangled noisy bracelets made She people, past? since vanished long Of

its setting the hold can windowsWhere sun So I arose and cut the back lawn's hair.

While the world around grows still; Suspecting a conspiracy somewhere.

friendly path the a pointsWhere way to FRIENDSHIP FOR SONG door. my (T.Q.P.)

bluebirds tree; everyAnd own PERIOD

is hollyhocks proveWhere a garden what By Courtney for Hansard Cottam By Polly

I remember.And love keeps me company. SHALL house. to USED want a little

life's at end. When I wide, cool verandas With glory. Triumphs and flagstone walk, curving A friend? of love a Or outside; flowers And jolly

MUSIC Each little conquest. Inside, a cozy fireplace glow,

feeds That now my flame, for two; table set A By Miranda Snow Walton Shall long be forgotten; kitchen with pot and pan. gay A

Be only a name. Some bedrooms, with a view.

WORDS must have steps on which to rise;

Prayer must have wings to reach the Your love will become Thus dreamed I, very much the man.

sides; More precious, more dear; Now, sadly, more the mouse,

So God made music—notes and bcu-s Fame and fortune forsaking. I've made a shorter plan

By which they both could touch the stars! You will be near. I want a housel

488 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Partaking of the lord's Blessings

v3u l-fesideyit income loert Jmltk

rom a /4una 1948 (conference ddtredd

it. picture. the contents, It reading beautiful is a The cover—every1HIS thing is that not so fine time hesitate when every I do a June we have seems to me that

conference the crowd has multiphed to a very I give one away to say, "We think this is the considerable degree. finest of all the magazines."We must keep

The presenting of the Improvement Era up our subscriptions; do not let them drop.

is one of the finest citations has stirred me. To see how the MuThe Improvement Era

tual Improvement Associations have funcmissionaries we have. I notice how well

I do not know of any tioned so far as the Era is concerned is deOgden is doing, but lightful. It is a wonderful magazine. I have better place to do missionary work than in

I was had pleasure in sending copies of it to many Salt Lake City. You probably thought

parts of the world, and in many cases have going to say Ogden, but right here in Salt received word back complimenting us on the Lake City we can do much missionary work, it that our character of our magazine; it is so clean, and and I am suggesting that we see to

fine, and wholesome. If you knew what it is neighbors who are not members of the

to contain this coming year, I am sure you Church become aware of the excellence of would all be interested in retaining your subthe magazine, and we should encourage them scription, and in increasing the subscription to subscribe. In that way you can increase

list. I do not know of any magazine that is your subscriptions in your wards very much

published anywhere that is the equal of The indeed.

Improvement Era. I had a friend in LiverOnly within the last week I received a

pool, England, who wrote me to the effect check from a man who said he wanted six that he wished they had a magazine pubcopies of one issue sent to him. He wanted

lished in England as good as the Era. That to give them away. He sent the check signed

was his estimate of it. I have had letters but with the amount left blank, taking his

from individuals, governors of various states, chances on what we were going to charge and others to whom I have sent the Era comhim. But I understand the check was filled in

mending the quality of the material and the with the correct amount and that the magaexcellence of its preparation. I want to take zines were sent to him. When people know

is, there is no this occasion to mention this to those who what a fine magazine the Era have the magazine in hand. difficulty in obtaining subscriptions.

it is blessing a with to be identified What in the increase wonderful a made We have as this! I go, I a such group Wherever am

first since the circulation magazine of we to see delighted our Improvement Mutual started to call it The Improvement Era, groups. I wish all our younger members

and, of course, since we are increasing in could be in a conference of this kind. They

numbers ourselves the magazine should have would enjoy it just as much as we do.

I increase. thinking natural today some am it us. blessed has The Lord He has made

to utilize to it as be happy of how we ought live in this land, possible to for us wonderful a missionary to all the world. I am satisfied and he has given us the opportunity of enthat there are thousands of people who are joying all the blessings that the world enjoys,

in the world to whom we would be able to plus the gospel of Jesus Christ. When I hear

send the magazine, a subscription, perhaps, our choruses singing, as they have sung or if not, an occasional magazine—and they today, and I hear our people speak as they

will thank us for the opportunity they have of {Concluded on page 534)

AUGUST 1948 489 JUNE 1948 Wl.J..y4. CONFERENCE ACTIVITIES

—Photographs No. I, 3, 6 by Hal Rumels 2, 4, 8 courtesy Salt Lake "Tribune"; 7 and 9 courtesy "Deseret News"; 5 and 10 by Boyart.

:i|iiiil| MrMi

7. Group receiving "Era"citations at the Gen- 5. The dancers assembled on the field at the 9. Sister Lucy Grant Cannon, retiring president

eral Session. University of Utah stadium as the festival began. (left) and the three newly appointed executive of-

6. L. at President addressing ficers, Richard Evans group S. Sister of the Y.W.M.I. A., Bertha Reeder, 2. Square. Temple sessions on Between

presidents luncheon. superintendents Sister and Sister Bennett, Emily H. and C. LongLaRue

3. I. A. presidents lunchthe superintendents and M. 7. of the particidancers thousand den. Two two who

eon. Festival. pated in the Folk 10. Finale of Folk Festival at the University the of

4. Three girls in costume carrying out the inter- 8. One of the booths in which were displayed the Utah stadium.

national theme. M.I. A. manuals.

Vrii& l jT-'#.*: d*< '1 M tA r.f:*iV V hi I S

i.|'""r M lEADERSHIP...

iSendon Ow Liaef Czfa Jaft

fine M.LA. workers. The

"Opportunities WHENwere thein SaltfortyfiveLake Citygovernorsfor a subjectof our was Where conference during the Utah You Are."That is the first time I

centennial year, one of them who can ever recall attempting to make a was rather prominent in the group talk in an organization, and the Muand with whom I had some actual provided that opportunity. I

quaintance came to our home with still remember some of the points in his wife and two boys. As we visthat humble effort: "There is alited, we talked about the Church, ways room at the top"; "America is

and he told of his impression of another name for opportunity."

a week in Salt Lake, ending with Do you remember, too, the time this significant comment: "You when we had those invaluable lesknow, it seems to me you Lattersons on "Courage"?—intellectual,

day Saints have just about all the physical, and moral courage! I still

answers."And then he added, sighave the booklets. I think there has

nificantly, this question, "But do you never been anything finer written on appreciate what you have?"As the subject of "Courage"than was

I witnessed the demonstration of written in those M.LA. manuals.

the recreational arts in the stadium, I remember the glorious experias I met with the Master M Men in ence asi a scoutmaster in a little their breakfast at seven o'clock in country ward. It was a thrill to try

the morning, and as I recounted to lead twentyfour boys in the great what transpired in the opening sesScout program of M.LA. I rememsion of June conference, I wonder bered, too, some of the slogans we

whether we do appreciate what we had in M. I. A. And I thought,

have, who we are, and the rich "What a group of subjects, and blessings which are ours that are how they might be used by people not enjoyed by people generally. throughout the Church for topics

I should like, if I may, in a rather to talk about!""We stand,"we unorthodox manner, to divide my used to say—"we stand for a weekcomments into three parts. I should ly home evening."Do you rememlike first to say just a word about ber that one? "We stand for spirituahty and happiness in the home."memories. You know we have M

Men in the Church; the letter "M""We stand for a sacred Sabbath

is prominent. Sometime I would and a weekly halfholiday."

like to the appropriate I remember, too, the reading see—perhaps

time would be next year at our course books we have had through fiftieth anniversary, our fiftieth conthe years. Anyone who has folference—to have another M-M lowed those books and read them

project—Mutual Memories. has received quite a liberal educaSecond, I would like to say just a tion. And if you had copies of all

word directly to the executives. And of them today, you would have a

third, I would like to say a word refairly good library. One of the first

garding the needs of youth. I can recall coming to my hands is a

book which President Heber }.

''e all have fond memories of our Grant later sent out in great num- W work in M.LA. In the opening bers to all the missionaries, that litsession of this June conference, I tle book by Roger Babson, The

lived again some of the most preFundamentals of Prosperity. It was

cious experiences of my life. I re- a gem. I still remember the story

membered back a good many years. that he told in it regarding responDo you recall the time when we sibility and its power in building

hadMutual?—whenthe competitivethe orationsgeneral inboardthe memories.men and women.We all haveYes, themthese andare

sent out suggested subjects to select they are priceless—Mutual Memfrom? My first recollection is selectories. May they ever be fresh in

ing a subject under the direction our minds! May they ever be sweet

and persuasion and influence of one and pleasant to look back upon!

492 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA and the NEEDS of YOUTH*

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE AND ADVISER TO THE MJ.A.

'\\7'e are leaders. The Church ary meeting at two o'clock, and a

expects much of its leaders, public meeting in the evening. And,

and rightly so. If you want a life of course, the Saints gathered Sunof ease, you should not be a Latterday morning, delighted that they

day Saint. I do not mean that you were coming together once more in

do not get joy out of all the activi- a missionwide conference. The war

ties. Yes, we are the happiest peowas over. At the close of the mornple on the earth, but we are living ing session, the mission president

in a period when there seems to be announced the schedule of meetings a trend in the religious world to for the balance of the day. And almake it as easy as possible for a permost immediately after the closing

son to qualify for Church memberprayer a group of Saints came to ship in good standing. But there has the stand and said, "Isn't there gobeen no letdown in the Church and ing to be a meeting during this conkingdom of God. Membership reference just for the members of the

quires effort and much voluntary Church?"It was an unusual request,

service. Nowhere in the world can but they seemed so sincere that the

you find the amount of voluntary mission president hurriedly called service that you find among the the audience to attention and said membership of the Church, and parthat they had decided to change the ticularly among the officers such as schedule and that at two o'clock in in M.I.A. I thought of it as we witthe afternoon instead of the missionnessed that great festival. How ary meeting we would have a meetmuch voluntary service went into ing for just the members of the

that project! And that is true of Church and that the missionary

practically everything we do in the meeting would be held Monday

Church. morning. He then said there would

Do you ever feel that the Church be a public session that Sunday eveasks too much of you, that there are ning. At two o'clock the Saints

too many meetings to attend? I recame. It seemed to me there were as

call while traveling in the wartorn many as there were in the morning, countries of Europe a few months and no nonmembers were there. I

ago, we had with us a fine young guess the Saints had gone home and man from Salt Lake City, an L.D.S. gathered their families.

chaplain. As we rode through those They were overjoyed to have a

wrecked cities and witnessed the meeting by themselves. After the

destruction on every hand, we opening exercises the mission presitalked. He told of his experiences dent said, "This is your meeting. I

in the service as a Mormon boy. He am sure you have things in your

said he was sitting around the coals hearts you would like to say. We

of a fire one night with a group of can stay here just as long as there other chaplains. During the conare testimonies to be borne, so long

versation one of them spoke up, "I as it does not interfere with the hear you are a Mormon; are you?"seven o'clock meeting tonight."

And he said, "Yes, I am proud to They stayed there for three and say that I am."And the chaplain onehalf hours, and we had a glorisaid, "You know, I cannot underous meeting. I will never forget the

stand you Mormons. Whenever first testimony borne in that meeting

two or three of you get together, by a lovely lady who, the following you hold a meeting—and when a week, would be ninety years of age.

larger number get together, you hold She told of the blessings of the gos- a conference. Why do you hold so pel, the sacrifices she had made, the

many meetings?"joy that had come to her from meetAt the first nationwide conference ing together.

of the Swedish Mission following I am sure that the Lord was wise, the war, we had a schedule of meet- {Continued on page 494) ings for Sunday calling for a public meeting in the morning, a missionJuneAdaptedconference,fromJunean 19.address1948. delivered at M.I.A.

AUGUST 1948 493

lEADERSfflP AND THE NEEDS OF YOUTH youare hereare inatyourheadquartersown wardandor stake,while {Continued from page 493) The second qualification is humili"and that when you are away on meetings—opportunitiesas he always is, in providingfor usmanyto revelationsty. The Lord said in one of the vacation,down a httle.it will Letnot matterus be ifwhatyou welet

in together our solemncome assemto profess always. be this in one can assist except work he No is It blies. revelation, he who, by do measure up we when shall How full we of be love. humble and (D. C. &directed that quarshould have we 12:8.) is think looking? no one we When

terly conferences, the sacraward are stakes, from our away are of the we leaderof great marks One so, meetings,ment sure and I am true to every of standard the ship has will always ever been and feel calls that not the dowe program live Is Church? the gospel? spirit. we the Do be humble does Whatfor too much.

holding an office do to you? When our example the kind that any Lat-

T AM confident that the executives you get an assignment in M.I.A., terday Saint parent could point to

ever keep in mind the great objecwhen the bishop asks you to head an you and say, "Follow the leadertives of M.I.A. as set forth by our organization, what is your reaction ship of your executive officers in the

great prophetleader. President as you accept? Does it make you M.I.A."If that is true, all is well:

Brigham Young. He said: feel a dependence upon the Lord? if it is not true, you are not measurDoes it give you the spirit of humiliing up.

Let the keynote of your work be the establishment in the youth of an individual testity? Do you go down on your knees T SHALL but list three or four needs

If prayer for strength? you do, of the truth and magnitude of the inmony of youth which you will want to

great latterday qualificawork. then one of the you have

amplify and add to.

tions for leadership. other On the First of is the all, I think thing of important the greatest mostThat

if just hand, swell with you is I a testimony. inneed encourage to read There you is no all. May creased pride importance, then and

it in like frequently. anchor testimatter This this world a of a testiyou may find disappointment ahead.

I traveled in the lives mony. of Saints peoour amongmony our young

ple is of paramount importance. Third, a love o/ people is essential in wartorn Europe, and I tell you

May we ever keep this in mind! to effective leadership. Do you love people can go through anything if

What are the quahfications, then, these boys and girls: do you love the they have a burning testimony. It

for leadership in the M.I.A.? What members of M.I. A.? Do you love is priceless. You ask the parents

are the qualities of leadership of those whom you work with? Do you of these our M.I.A. boys and girls

an executive of M. I. A.? May I realize the worth of souls is great in what they wish for them. I have met

enumerate four which I think are the sight of God? Do you have faith hundreds of parents. When my

in youth? yourself you find Do I used to take First work forth thinkparamount. and me back all—and praising virtues, their commending this across great into continent of the matter important everymost ofall—is for their accomplishments? Or state of the I often testimony. Union, personal canof you them found How

build faith in the lives of young men do you have a critical attitude tomyself on a Sunday in a little branch and women unless you have that ward them because of their misor in a ward or in a stake conferfaith yourselves? How can we build takes? ence. When it was announced that

testimony unless we have a testiAnd the fourth qualification is the I was living in Washington, D.C.,

mony of the divinity of this great force of example. The proper exinvariably some good member of the

work? Refer to our theme for the ample is allimportant. Let us be Church, some parent would come

Mutual year 194647, "Let everywhat we profess to be. There is no up after the meeting was over and

one get a knowledge for himself that satisfactory substitute. Who was it say, I have a son or I have a daughthis work is true."You know what said, "What you are rings so loud ter in Washington. Do you know

the Master has said about those who in my ears I cannot hear what you him or her? And of course I would

destroy faith: say"? It was said of one of the great usually know the boy or girl. And

Chinese philosophers and teachers then the parents would invariably It were better for him that a millstone were hanged about his neck, and that he that he did not have to teach, all he follow with the second question.

were drowned in the depth of the sea. had to do was to be. His very life They never ask, "Are they making a

(Matt. 18:6.) was a lesson. And so it should be lot of money? Have they been acthe leaders of with M.I.A. The eyes cepted 'four by the hundred'of in A. should be M. I.No one in the of the of the world, eyes Church, Washington? they Are a success the destroy wouldleadership who

the eyes of the youth of the Church, socially?"No, always the second faith of our youth.

particularly, are the execuupon question the same. was are "What in in cause a are engaged We tives, of organizations. the our heads in the they doing Church?"Why for discourthere room is nowhich

feel that are ever do not you And this question? that is the Because will let us not Lord agement. The

yourselves out everyfrom by away is thing that in the heart uppermost President do our part. fail if we

in one can let and that you all down is true of parents. That what once said: Wilson,Woodrow

will standards because your one no for they hope the M.I.A., that you

I would rather fail in a cause that I know be watching. will implant in the hearts of their

than will triumph triumph in a day some that are not think you girls Do this away boys a testimony of and fail. that some day will cause I know people. get cannot from away: You great work. thing no other And

We have the glorious promise that someone is always watching. Do even approaches it in value. That is

we will triumph in this cause that not feel that you can live the youth's greatest need.

will not fail. standards of the Church while you { Concluded on page 532

494 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA A CHALLENGE

to WHAThim a tochallengetalk toto ateachersman to askof whatthe sameJesus thingand Paulfor didRome.as spokesThink

speech on how to make a BETTER men for the Christian era. Ponder

'speech! the significance of Pitt and GladThe challenge has been featured stone in England. Consider how SPEARING Webster and Lincoln became thethroughout history. Once it was delivered by a jerk of the whiskers, at voices of America. I hke to ponder

characterization brief of the that the nose, of time a tweakanother by m tL CUck of world, ministry the Savior of the of a of a slap means byand again glove across the face. When we "He went about teaching and

were youngsters our favorite form of 8, preaching and doing good."The

challenge was to draw a line and officers of the law who reported to it. If cross he did, todare the enemy dam.3. Oie'ennion, PL 3). theativeChiefto thePriestsworkandbeingPhariseesdone relby see I can Inhostilities fancy began.

you drawing a line and daring me Jesus, said significantly, "Never like this man."(John 7:to cross it—"We dare you to make EDITORIAL NOTE man spake

a speech."OiNCE we are a Church of speakers 46. ) Perhaps no clearer illustration

of than could be given the work it all of us any behooves let's clear away At the outset,—and singleChurchill, who, that Winston well. Dr. Bennion was speak we misapprehension.possible Man

wasn't born merely to make asked to talk to this subject at the handed, held England together in

Festival of ConSpeech-Music June of a matter darkest days. her As thing is significant It aspeeches. ference, in Tabernacle, Salt the Lake fact, of voice only the not he became alone all animals, the ofthat man 19, 1948. evening, Dr. Saturday June great the spokesEngland, he was It is his of masterful gift of development Bennion's speech. theenjoys man for the allies—the great voicegreat means of communication. It this subject is such that all members

generation. of our find will practical help the of Church divinity. remember of Yousmacks

this article for inspiration from and of the importance consider As we chapter in line the openingthat of their speaking. own in better illussociety, speech what

it discover to againGenesis. Read

the sanctity which attached tO'the tration could be given than by referto distinguished have ence men who live be always 'To must"word."'

I pulpit. this hapvery occupied am First Relief 55,000 speak. Society than Themore

six great tribute to to pay my py School 35,000 Sunday Thecomes experience—andto importantliving—and stirred in youth me men who my 19,000 Primary The is instrubut ancharacter. Speech

29,000 this spot: very M. from The I. A

in broader more these andmentality leaders.... 30,000 Priesthood quorum F. late President Joseph The let passing, In values.fundamental 30,000 Teachers Ward spiritual of the power Smith—for all arts 4,000 Missionaries the of that out pointme his testimony;

the mastery B. of ambition the your I know of is H. Roberts—for in which the onetecture—speechmusic, art, drama, sculpture, archiof his oratory; sweep and of the to young make imorganization take on mostmost people can

provement. Man is a talking anipeople of the Church the most caOrson F. Whitney—for his poetic

mal. pable young people in the world in eloquence;

their ability to express themselves James E. Talmage—for his clearis that within voice the to hope and incisive ut, at con- a 1947, 31, Decemberr\N let briefly consider us them. Now the homeGolden J. AssociaSpeech of the vention Kimball—forconviction; this of aspects of problem two his great liness humor of and kindly outthe of one of America,tion speech: messages; in our of speech teachersstanding I. significance of tremendous The

the fervorcountry remarked, "Your Church speech in civilization. Melvin J. Ballard—for

fire his witness. of laboratory uniqueoffers the most as M.I.A. workand we How can

in the world."for speech six of these All men have passed speaking? I have ersII.improve our

been pondering his remark ever If we turn to history, ever so on, but their great service to the will be treasured as long assince. Because there is no regularly. impressed by the Church

assigned ministry in our Church, we fact that every great movement has our memories last.

do offer experience to many people. had its champion. Take a hurried

Two hundred and two thousand historical look. Think how Demos- "LJow can we improve our speakChurch members regularly have the thenes stirred Greece. Cicero did ing? To those of you who would

experience each week of grow and develop in your to speech of and powers teachingpresiding and art, sculpture, drama,... Of all the arts—music, of those would you who Areand preaching. is the one in which most you architecture—speech lead other and young men

interested in the breakpeople can take on most improvement, Man is a women in the same develdown? talking animal. {Continued on page 528)

AUGUST 1948 495 NEWLY APPOINTED Y.W.M.I.A. GENERAL BOARD

Top row, left to right; Helena W. Larson, executive secretary; Norma P. Anderson, Pearl Bridge, Carol H. Cannon, Virginia F. Cutler, and

Irene Hailes. Bottom row: Gladys E. Harbertson, Marba C. Josephson, Ruth H. Funk, Jeannette Morrell, Sara D. Yates, and Gladys D. Wight.

The General Board of the

called until to the partments she Sister Bertha of was appointmentTHE of Mutual, presidency her presiward general as Reeder Stone Y. W. M. I. i its in president, later being at the of made dent the Y.W.M.I.A.

general conference, April 6, 1948, which capacity she acted for apwas followed by the appointment of proximately six years. For five years

two counselors, Emily H. Bennett, she was president of the Bonneville

as first counselor, and LaRue C. Stake Y.W.M.LA., being called

Longden, as second counselor, on School teacher and Gleaner leader, from that position to the general

June 13, 1948.* The appointment of as a member of the Ensign Stake board in 1942. On the board. Sister

the general board was made on June board of Y.W.M.LA. and of the Anderson served on the Gleaner

20, 1948. The general board that general board of Y.W.M.LA., as committee, of which she was made

was appointed to aid the general well as having filled a mission to the chairman the past year, the position presidency included nine who had Northern States where she was aswhich she will continue to hold unformerly served on the general signed to talk to groups in the der her new assignment.

board under President Lucy Grant L. D. S. booth at the Chicago During the war she was chairman

Cannon: Helena W. Larson, Norma World's Fair. She was married to of the Outof-Town Girls Commit-

P. Anderson, Carol H. Cannon, Roald O. Larson in the Salt Lake tee at the Lion House, which proVirginia F. Cutler, Ruth H. Funk, Temple and has three children, two vided guidance and appropriate enIrene Hailes, Gladys E. Harbertson, daughters and one son. She was tertainment for girls away from

Marba C. Josephson, and Sara D. called to the general board in 1937 home. The wife of Joseph W. AnYates. Three new board members and has served on the Gleaner and derson, secretary to the First Presiwere added: Pearl Bridge, Jeannette Bee Hive committees, being chairdency of the Church, she is the

Morrell, and Gladys D. Wight. man of the Bee Hive committee durmother of three children and the

That all of them have done work to ing the past year. She was made grandmother of three.

merit their appointment may be general secretary of the board in gleaned from the very much conSeptember 1942. A graduate of the Dearl Bridge has served as Sundensed report of their activities that University of Utah with high honday School teacher, M.I.A. orfollows. ors, she was engaged in teaching ganist. Junior leader, and as chairboth before and after marriage unman of the Missionary Finance

I-Ielena W. Larson, newly aptil she accepted the position with the Committee of the Sixteenth Ward.

pointed executive secretary and general board. In addition she filled a mission to the

treasurer of the Y.W.M.LA. genEastern States, and was in the preseral board, has been busy in Church KToRMA P. Anderson has been acidency of the Salt Lake Stake Y.W.

work since she was eleven years of tive in the auxiliary organiza- M.I.A. for ten years, and president

age, having served as secretary of tions during all of her mature life, of the Riverside Stake Y.W.M.LA.

the Religion Class, as Sunday most of the time in the Y.W.M.LA. for seven years. For the past year

*See The Improvement Era. July 1948, p. 431 She was teacher in the various de- {Continued on page 536)

496 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA WHY keep the Sabbath Day HOIY?

(Om"i Jjawna.=J-)i'aw iOiA7 cJLeeman l-emim

Dawna, a Gleaner girl in the Big Cottonwood Stake, is a Leeman is an Explorer Scout in the Big Cottonwood Stale.

graduate of Granite Seminary and the Granite High School. He will be a Junior at Granite High School and Granite Seminary next year.

is doubt and wonblind withONEwondering.Sunday a suggestionIt started waslike made,this—aandgroupit set ofme usto NEder.OF theAs processeslittle childrenof learningwe accepted

were talking after Sunday School. It was a very obedience the principles of the gospel which we

warm day, and someone said, "How about going swim were able to learn. Then, as we grew, we began to

ming? That should cool us off.""Sounds like fun wonder if those laws were for our best good. About

but wait, today's Sunday!"That's when I began to the first time someone suggested that we play ball or

think. What difference should it make if we go swimgo to a show instead of attending church on the Sabming? What good will observing the Sabbath do for bath, I asked myself the questions, "Why do I want

me or harm if I fail to keep it? Why should I, a Morto keep the Sabbath? What value has it for me? Will

mon girl, want to "Remember the sabbath day, to keep keeping the Sabbath bring blessings? What are those

it holy"? blessings?"

Maybe it's like this. Very often we, the youth, deIn an effort to find the answers to these questions, I

sire to do something that is against the will of our asked myself how I could find them, and I decided the parents. We may stay out after twelve, the hour we best way was to keep th'e Sabbath. As I attempted

had promised to be in or we slufF choir practice. At the to do this, I found that many blessings attend the

time of planning, the evening ahead seemed thrilling keeper of this law.

and exciting. But even before the evening "Men are, that they might have joy."

if (II Tell 2:25.) of Nephi over, something you know me waswas—delivered talks it From

all, equals that of joy which the attending fun after andwasn't as much missingworse—we the during

I of M. I. A. meetingsa our our church Church. broken promise; go to a had Ashad broken we

word. But it wasn't our parents that were June conference in each Sunday, it is with the keen anticipahurt by the act. No, we had done it; we the Salt Lake Tabertion one experiences when he is going to

had hurt ourselves only! nacle, Jtine 18, 1948. a place where he can enjoy the companionSo it is, when the Lord gives a comship of his friends. And did you stop to

mandment. It will help us if we live it or leave us think that people met at church are the finest in the

behind if we fail to realize its importance. world? When I walk into my quorum meeting each

The Lord's commandments are given, not for himSunday morning and see the boys of my age there, I self, but given to man for his benefit that he might know they are the finest companions I could find anyhave joy in this life and eternal happiness in the herewhere. They are God's chosen, faithful not only in

after. the life before, but also on this earth. If I chose to go

One group of people, many years ago, decided to somewhere else on Sunday, I could be sure that the change the Lord's day—they would hold the Sabbath people whom I meet could not hope to be the fine

every fourteenth day instead of every seventh. The caliber of those who spend the Sabbath in worship.

extra day would indeed make them a prosperous comWhen I spend Sunday in the company of these munity! But it didn't take these people long to realize choice spirits, I can also feel the presence of God's

their grave mistake. They had become tired, cross, disspirit. I can feel the strength of their faith and testisatisfied with the world; their businesses were failing, monies and these lend strength to me, furnishing me

their once beautiful city was about to fall in ruin. As with spiritual inspiration which helps carry me through

man needs rest for his physical body to recuperate, so the week to another Sabbath.

is a day for learning. I attend Sunday School heitself—andneeds a more,rest tomangivecannothis mindlivea achancefull lifeto withoutrebuild CuNDAY

spiritual contact with God, that side of life that enables because I know that while I'm there I shall learn one to carry on through the coming week, that somesomething, which answers a question that has thing that makes us all want to live a better life—and been troubling me or something which impresses

by observing the Sabbath the battle is half won. me with God's goodness and his greatness. And after-

{Concluded on page 539) (Continued on page 538)

M.I.A. THEME1948-49-"REMEMBER THE SABBATH DAY, TO KEEP IT HOLY."(EXODUS 20:8.)

AUGUST 1948 A97 RACHEL dfiAMBLiN pushed back her sunbonnet to look at the scene, for had stopped Jacob "Ye who are CALLED of the the oxen on hill and the brow now stood with his hand on Old been called, and here they would bors. Girls, all of them! Though Dock's heavy yoke. Perhaps he stay. She was roused by a voice she herself was only thirtyfour, she wanted to wait for the other wagons from behind. felt mature and experienced comto come up so that they could help

for?'waitin'of them. pared to any Oscar "What we Hameach other brake the steep down

wife, indeed? the blin's twenty; Behind Mary, them What, was Dudslope; perhaps he just wanted

six Leavitt's wife, also to other ley up; had Mary, wagons was come look didn't the land over. say. He ahead of them and almost down the twenty; and each had one baby. there at stood looked and He just

the valley of the Santa Clara Creek, at the hills beyond, and at the distant blue mountains far beyond them. And Rachel, from her seat on

the wagon, followed his example, squinting her eyes against the glare of the sun on red rocks.

thought—barrenNot a very invitinghills picture,all around,she

with dots of creosote bushes and scrub sage and rabbit brush on the pink sand where they were stopped.

Sand had no business being that bright salmonpink. The dull brown

across the valley was more like hills Not a very inviting picture, she thought.

ought to be, if only they had something green on them. But then this slope the younigsters were following Zadoc Judd's wife, Minerva, was

was a country of violent colors the cows. Everybody climbed out of only eighteen, but she was the moththe wagons to walk down this er of two children. Samuel Knight's shining, coalblack lava rock, star-i

tling white clay hills, vermilion stretch. wife, Caroline, and Thales Haskell's, carried seventeen, Maria, both her eightmonths- were bluffs, salmonpink

sisLeavitt, while sand—a country oldRachelbaby, Joseph, Mary's Maria she led fouras was with. to be reckoned That little streak of green in the yearold Lois by the hand. The ter, and Dudley's second wife—all

too! children four older men, gone brides. comhad all Young A vyas valley for tired eyes. good One

all families, ahead. seven munity ol trooped The other young six women little iirie of wiland cottonwoods

fort. httle three along, people, three a rock with babies, housed in The in niany, lows miles of emptihow

brides. settlement the north. to all nearest more than Harwould They It ness? tired her.miihd to try made

walk to the foot of the hill and be mony, was fortyfive miles away; in to think of it. Well back from the

direction to there other ready only ride the last sandy stretch every was green like could she. fort the see a

fort. the last to the fronemptiness. This was

turtle in sun, the /roofs the of the

Behind them, the men let one tier; the jumpingoff place, as ithouses around the inside the design

first her. after to another the seemed wagon down

its beston strongest and back—the incline, tying steep the hind wheels

fort in territory, all the solidly with "TThis, then, to be her home. was that turn, they could so not hanging

laid walls, feet rock obe hundred it neighbors. her at to the keep were These She back from going too

square, thick, three feet twelve and instinctively, that she heels quickly would knew, the of onto the oxen, it feet high. spelled her a To home

it to them. neighbor than the from more sides She steadying to be andagain, place a to unpack put and

it adviser, friend. all confidante, upright. Finally be keep seven would

things away, and stay awhile. wagons were safely over and on She would help them make soap

Though it was only May, the their way again. and candles and saltrising bread;

rocks and sand were already storing At the fort there was a general she would help their babies over up heat. To the north, the peaks of hurrying around and an exploring colic and croup and summer comPine Valley Mountain were cool of the identical rooms that were plaint. And in turn their love and

against the sky, but the benchland built along the sides, rooms sixteen support would be a help to her, for fairly shimmered already. It would by twenty feet, with a single door her problems with her own family

be hot in the fort, she knew, with and a single window opening into were not a few.

only the roofs of tules sod to and inside. at around courtyard She looked the There was one them—four off itkeep the sun. wished She deserted family room, mother the children except had in each whose

might have been built in the shade, family of Jacob and Rachel Hamblin, after the trying expulsion from Naubut the trees and brush would give yhich was so large that even two voo. It took firmness in the faith to

the Indians too near an ambush. rooms were hardly enough. endure the privations of those years,

"Ye who are called to labor, and That evening around a campfire, and Lucinda Taylor Hamblin had minister for God,"she hummed softRachel looked over the group of never had a real testimony. So

ly to herself. Well, here they had women who were to be her neighwhen she had an opportunity to go

498 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Then hidin0\her fear under a calm exterior, she turned to Agarapoots.

heart If only her10 1 ft D r 1 Juanita ErooL wouldn't thump sol "See. My wick-i-upl"she said,

back to her people, she had turned He laughed to scorn Tutsegavit's pointing..."Come... Tick-a-boo,

her back on her children forever. stories of Jacob Hamblin and his Shotcup."It was the extent ol her

That had been six years ago. Now good medicine; Indians were fools Indian vocabulary—Home. Friend.

Duane was 14; Martha, 12; Maywho let the white man come onto Food.

as the soon Indians As stepped ette, 8. 10; Lyman, and Good chiltheir land. White men should go into girls her room, the the boosted all dren, getting of them, and to their big back own land. Agarapoots

enough to bei a real help! Then went about with glowering, threateight-yearold Lyman over the wall

the side opposite the gate, on orderthe Indian Albert, boy, there was ening looks, refusing all signs of to catch ing him the gray mare and had Jacob brought that whom home friendship.

last winter in Tooele, Albert, quiet ride for the men. The boy slipped

and dependable, always in charge rNE DAY the men all went to work through the brush, caught the mare, and before discovhe mounted was of the cattle. sheep and Besides clearing at land. piece a of new the ered braves outside. by at They these, there her were two own cautioned the to They get women yell, to once began shot a and few babies. there Yes, was doubt no but plenty of inside and water the wood in his direction, arrows but he was that, one another, and she way fort the keep gates and fastened oi out range. called to They full. her have would hands securely. still they outWhile were

fort, within Agarapoots the at and side, his Agarapoots and band came their his attitude message changed the spring into wore summer, hill. As it charging the frantidown How completely.

too cally in hot became fort. girls to stay the those their gathered up no,""Oh, Rachel protested when Tutsegavit in his earnest children, terrified protwas as they how were to the he to gate went and wanted estations of friendship, his all gates! they for the ran and peogot They out. get in. "No. Other come You ple signs inside, hostility, of showed but no the chief Indian so his had stay."

little by little the settlers slackened shoulder against the gate before their vigilance. The children were they could slip the great iron bar sheAgarapootsfinally openedwas determined,the gates justso

permitted to play in the moist shade into place. Desperation made the wide enough for the Indians to get

along the creek. The women moved women strong. Together they out, and then peeped through to see

out under the trees to wash so that pushed, but Agarapoots was already them mount hastily and ride away in a cloud of dust.

'T'hen came the time when Agarapoots, in plain defiance, killed an ox that belonged to the settlers, a valuable and muchneeded animal.

The men of the group thought they should do something about it to teach him a: lesson, but Jacob in

sisted on going to talk to him.

As Jacob neared the lodge of the chief, he saw several dogs growling over the offal of the beef, while a little boy with matted hair and skinny legs sat on the ground playing with the head of the dead animal. Within, Agarapoots lay

sprawled out, full to satiation with his heavy meal. Jacob sat down

bills allBarren around, with dots of creosote bushes and scrub sage. without saying a word.

"What you want here?"Agarapoots asked sharply, raising up.

they to not would have carry inside, the half in spite and ol all they pike-e-wayl medi- "You Mormon far. It water so better every was could do, in, his forced he and way cine! dishis to Bah!"show And for way, and water, shade wood his and two of him. with men dain of it, he and a sound made

so they made a day of it. They The girls were all pale and tremgesture as though he were sick at

learned to use their homemade soap bling. They all looked to Rachel his stomach.

sparingly and tO'use the oose root for direction, feeling that in some Jacob talked in low tones, trying for suds colored clothes. way tell she would be equal to the octo him that wanted the Mormons this All stopped casion. when Old to the Indians; they with be friends

Agarapoots and his band came into "Get Lyman out,"she whispered wanted to help their Indian broththe valley. He brought men on to Mary Leavitt, pointing to the wall ers. But Agarapoots would not hear. horseback; his he had opposite and women kill to me?"the gate. "Old Pet is in "You make medicine children the creek camp up bottom. willows."the (Continued on 532) page

AUGUSn948 499.

lA/ken tkicna5If were biachedt; \atkie duddenuf rememoembeted

placed Bill's eggs TOMORROWin front RATHiEof him and returned to the kitchen doorway, her back to him. Bill sat quietly, the remains of his IS ANOTHER YEAR

breakfast before him, his lean, tanned the oilcloth. arms on The after year, getting further behind all By H. R. FEAletter in his use, hand. was "It's no the time."

Kathie,"his voice was tired; "we'll "I said we'd pay it, and we will..

it."tohave pay

if sat there, even hungry."go we He."lot, the of the best barn but they.. was Bill. "But, Kathie stopped his flushed face with anger.

all buildthe soon other have wouldbefore it said she more, before any to she hurt him, Suddenly wanted it. to ings gobeen match had Theystarted again, the bickering and if up, she "Well,"got can "you you first ing to others, build the the butquarreling that frehad become so to, out. but count can want me You

... tough. year been had sitquent. to in the chair She came living clothes, with on patched go

across from him. Her eyes saw the and a water pail that has a piece of Carter looked it over carefully.

droop that had come to his shoulders, rag stuffed into the leak, and no "It's a good barn,"he smiled, the the smile ofand graying never easy has hair to the that edge a man who stinging I won't."The money—but times, felt the the ofhad pinch so bright been hard "but ago. years a few take it tears came, but not she would

"Oh, what's the use?"she said. back. When she had her face under sills on the south side would have to

Bill looked up, anger in his blue control and turned around, the chair be replaced."

eyes. "We'll have to pay it. If we across the table was empty.

don't, we'll lose the farm.""It's not fair to me,"she said 1 HE sills on the south side.

Kathie felt her anger rise. She aloud in the quiet kitchen. "I'm go-... It had been warm that evening,

played with the sugar bowl so that ing to do something about it in spite and Bill had been rushed, anxious to she would not have to meet his eyes. of him."get on with the seeding next day.

"You work hard, Bill, I know,"she Kathie could see him kneeling there explained, "but so do L I hoped that OHE was washing the in the black earth, fitting the timber this year there would be enough to dishes when the idea came to her. sills. He had looked upat her with

fix the place up. It's been so long. Bill will not be home until evening, his young smile full of assurance, his

Everything is getting older, and she thought. He is plowing in the gold hair bright in the spring sunshine, making a picture that came toshabbier, more faded. We are too, far field—if I phone right away—

Bill."She looked up, urgency in then have something concrete to ofKathie now across the years. "This

her voice, trying to make him underfer Bill when he comes in tonightwood is old,"Bill said, "but I'll restand. "Can't you see it's making us She went to the phone. place it with new timbers in the fall

in."Kathieold? We can't go on like this, year She tried to keep the excitement when the crop comes

out of her voice as she spoke to the remembered how she had bent to real estate agent. "Mr. Johnson,"hug the bright head. There had been

... she said, "Bill and I have decided to no gray in it then.

sell the farm. Is there anyone you Carter was standing there, and

know who might be interested?"she realized that he had spoken to

She put the thought of Bill out of her. "I'm sorry,"she apologized,

her mind as she hurried about tidy- "what was it you said?"

ing the house. The man would want The assured smile came again.

to see it and over the farm. John- "I'd like to see the well,"he reson had said he would send the man peated, "always like to find out what

out right away, a Mr. Carter, who the water is like on a place I'm thinkwas in the market for some land. ing of buying."

She was standing in the doorway Carter pulled the rope, and the when the car drove into the yard. squeaking pulley brought up the

Mr. Carter came to the door in long water, cold from the deep well. He

strides. "Mrs. Walters?"he indrank from the old, wooden bucket.

quired. "Ah!"his mouth came up, little

"Yes,"Kathie smiled, "I'm Mrs. drops of cool water clinging to his"

Walters. Mr. Walters is in the moustache, "That water's good.

fields, but I can show you over the He turned to her with a question.

farm.""Why didn't you have a pump inShe took him to see the barn. It had stalled?"

been built during their first year, she Kathie had been a bride then. She

explained. Bill had always said the had thought all wells had pumps.

500 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "Bill?"She remembered her aston- "No, Bill,"she remembered how means bread to feed the hungry naishment at the rope hanging over they had stood back and looked at tions. We get wheat when we get

the edge, secured to the side of the the small cottage, "just a little bigrain. When it doesn't rain, we have

cribbing so that it would not fall into ger, that's all. I want a sun porch hard times, but the rains come, and

the well. "Where's the pump?"she and another bedroom."the wheat grows, and it feeds us and

had asked. She remembered Bill's the hungry folk in Europe. It grows,

laugh, the warm light in his eyes. C.lARTER told her his plans Mr. Carter. That's what this land

"Darling,"his strong arms had enwhen they went out to see the near was meant to do, to produce bread."

folded her; "there just isn't enough field. "I don't think this country It was after he had driven away

money for one yet."She had felt was ever meant to grow wheat, Mrs. that she realized she still held the

loved and protected, and they had Walters. If I buy this place, I shall earth in her hand. She looked at it

laughed together at her ignorance. sow some good, tough grass on this as if for the first time. Yes, she

They pulled up a pail of water, and land. I'll rip out those buildings."thought, and Bill is a part of it, and

drank together from the new wooden He waved his arm across the small so am I. We are part of the land.

bucket. house and sheds as though they were Our lives are woven into it, and into

"The bucket is getting rather already gone. "Should make a wonthis farm. We could never leave.

seedy,"Carter remarked pleasantly. derful place to start raising sheep. And suddenly she was happy.

Yes, it was, and one of these years This country was never meant for * * * it fall to pieces, the staves raising grain, opinion."would and in my He Bill's voice came to her, drugged

lie the there "I under winterwould Kathie. looked at suppose your

snows and in the spring rains, until husband has discovered the same with tiredness. "I made the payment

the wood that their lips had touched thing, Mrs. Walters? Is he going today, Kathie. The man came out to

see me."that day would be a memory. to get work in the city?"

"Yes, it is,"Kathie said, suddenly. It was then that Kathie did what Her hand found his. "I know. Bill.

"Would you like to see the house?"she had seen Bill do so often. She I knew you would."

He looked it over carefully but did not realize that she had picked it "You're not angry?"

made no comment. It wasn't much up until she felt the black earth in "No, Bill."His arms came around

of a house. Kathie could see that her hand. Her fingers crumbled it her. Next year, she thought, and if

through his eyes. They had meant slowly the way Bill's did. "No,"she not then, then the next, and Bill beto build a real house after that first said, then she was explaining, deside her always! They could do

year. "Next year,"Bill's eyes had fending. "You're wrong, Mr. Carwithout a new water pail. She could

wheat—atteased, "a leastcastle,twentywhen rooms."we sell the blackter. Thisearth,is goodwarmland."in herShehand.felt the"It herstill hand.feel the strength of the earth in

could maintain his reason and his enthusiasm for freedom of spirit.

ile>xeis. bookOnewouldvery notablebe to determinebyproductthatof ourthe 1 homes be such that no child of ours

will either err or suffer from a poor

TRUTH—THE MASTER'S HEROES AND RENEGADES homeWrittenenvironment.in the inimitable style of a OF THE WESTTOUCH writer, the qualified interesting and

Published C. ( Ezra Robinson. by the (James J. Unopulos, Jr. Published by is also adequate complete with an book author, Bountiful, 1947. Utah.

].the author. 326 pages.) 150 pages. $2.00.) index and bibliography. M. C.

nnHis is the simple story of a man Assembled in this book are thirtywho set out in quest of truth, and seven stories of early American adSHOCK AND COMPENSATION to his great joy found it in the Church venturers, explorers, and pioneers, from (Irvin Woodbury Harmon. Published

restored by the Prophet Joseph Smith. Danielsketches Booneare briefto andIra interesting.Hatch. TheA bydale,theCalifornia.author, 1231947.N. Everett,143 pages.)GlenIt is thrilling because the author has number of pictures of Davis County "DiOGRAPHY, especially when mingled

A. W. with autobiography, interests evmade it very human, even to telling worthies embellish the book.—/.

his love story. It touches the heart as erybody. When it recites the battle of

it seems to tell thei experiences of MIRABEAU life, whether among the humble or the our own lives. It is truly faith pro- (Antonina Vallentin. The Viking high, it awakens a heartfelt response

moting. Press, New York. 1948. from the reader, for all people are cast

542 pages. $5.00.) in a common mold. The simple, homeAs the story proceeds, the claims of 'T'liis biography of the man whose ly incidents of these life stories, somethe Church, as discovered by the forcefulness assured the success of times of failure, sometimes of success,

author, are laid bare by chapter and the French Revolution is most illumibut always of the rewards that follow verse. This gives it distinct missionary nating. His turbulent life cannot be faith and sacrifice, among several genvalue and makes it helpful to all who worthy of emulation, but his fight for erations of the same family, are really

try to teach the gospel to others. It freedom, his brilliant writing for the a review of life in the West, notably in

is really the author's fervent testimony rights of humanity can be admired Utah, among faithful, highminded Latto the truth of the restored gospel timelessly. The amazing feature of his terday Saints.

and a good life is that in spite of its frustration he (Concluded on page 511) one.—/. A. W.

AUGUST 1948 501 With Explorer Scouts on the

7. Beginning to inHite. But even the muddy water was

flate four one of the rubber boats. a welcome sight, and it took little

2. A boat partially time to unload our gear, inflate the

inflated. boats, and prepare supper.

first night 3. The the We were assured it wouldn't rain. boats served shelters as

from the rain. It never rains on the river, we were

told, at this season of the year.

Nevertheless, rain started falling while we were still eating supper, and after several) hours of interthe five thrilling days we spent on mingled drizzles and downpours we the river can be given here. were convinced that we had been

"It's too thick to drink and too misinformed. But in spite of the

thin to plow,"is the way someone fact that we came unprepared for described the Colorado as we rain, various types of shelters were reached its banks after an allday made and a dry, comfortable night journey by bus through scenic San was spent.

Juan County over a seldomtraveled cowpath road from Blanding to TVToRNiNG came, and still the rain fell. At nine o'clock, after waiting several hours for the sky to

clear, the leaders decided we must "hit the river"in spite of the rain, so after prayer the four crews rowed the boats into the current at mile 165,"and the big adventure was begun. Nor did we have to wait long

for the excitement to start. Just a

few miles down the river, while we were running the Trachyte Rapids, the drizzle turned into a torrential downpour, and within a few minutes everyone was soaked to the skin.

The remark made by someone that

iQn the river Lees Ferry is mile t-.-i.is II and down the river are 0,measuredand all fromdistLv;:L-.

ABOUT NOON on a June day in 1948, our four rubber landing barges were quartered upstream on the

Colorado River two miles below

Lees Ferry, Arizona, and the crews, working as one man, rowed toward shore. When the boats were landed

and the twentyseven Explorer Scouts and their leaders had jumped ashore, the fifth Explorer Scout expedition down "The River of No

Return"from Hite, Utah, had been successfully completed.

Our expedition was sponsored and supervised by the South Salt

Lake Stake. Andrew C. (Andy)

Adams, Senior Scout commissioner, was leader, John L. Cross, who is

now a veteran of six river trips, was guide. Every member of our group

was a Latterday Saint; each office 5. One of the

in the priesthood was represented. fouring increws.the rearStandis

Only a mention of the highlights of pedition"Andy"Adams,leader. ex502

(;.ee.Colorado e:boL x

ASS'T MANAGING EDITOR OF "THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

everything was wet but the inside of our canteens was not entirely facetious as we had. had no fresh water

since about noon the day before..>'

Our rubberized duffle bags stood us in good stead, keeping most of our food, sleeping bags, and extra clothPhotographs by ing dry.

By the time we reached the Bert the Author

Lopcr hermitage at mile 150, however, the sky was clear, and the sun was shining. After drying out in the

sunshine and by a large fire, and after eating and drinking our fill of semiclear water, our spirits were soaring again. During the remainder

of the trip the weather was perfect.

Continuing our "shakedown"run we passed Tickaboo Canyon, Tapestry Walls, and stopped for the night at Smith Fork, mile 132.

First stop next morning was at

Moki Canyon, mile 125. The party

hiked about a mile up the canyon in search of cliff dwelling ruins, and it that was here few we had another a inspected Canyon, mile 113, we of minutes excitement. We were nearperfect dwelhng. The "Moki"

walking in line over a bar of seemhouse, which was constructed of ingly solid, but wet sand, when it sandstone and a mudlike mortar, is gave way. Within seconds six of in an excellent state of preservation

the party had sunk into the sand up after standing many hundreds of to their waists. Had we known at years. The corners and walls are as

the time that it iS unusual fox a true as if they had been laid with the person to sink past his waist in aid of spirit levels, and the grasses quicksand and that the accounts of used to lash the ceiling joists down being completely men swallowed up intact. of are still but This is one

in fictitious, it are mostly the expericlilF to dwellings found be many ence not would have been so unreadily are along the river. Some

pleasant. it was, As quickwere we others are accessible; ledges on

ly pulled out by other members of [Continued on page 504) the party, and the search for cliff dwellings continued.

On another side trip up Lake

is explanation that The the specific gravity of the is.95, human while body quicksand runs from 1.8 to

2. specific the Unless gravity of live a is inbody

creased by weight, it will not sink. See

Life. Boy's 1948, 29. p. Mayextraneous

'llJf'lmA'VZSh

6. Looking east across the Colorado into San Juan County from

the mesa above "Hole in the Rock."

7. Stopping for a rest.

8. All gear was packed in rubberized duffle bags.

9. Flapjacks for breakfast. Each boy did his own cooking.

10. Being rescued from quicksand.

stirred our hearts and increased our wonderment of the gigantic feat of the men and women of the San Juan

Mission."TThe following morning, at mile 70.

we hiked six miles up Aztec and

Bridge canyons to the Rainbow Bridge, a massive arch of red sandstone, reported to be the largest natural arch ever discovered. An inspection of the register revealed that

since 1920 only 5,490 persons, or fewer than 200 a year, had visited this bridge, one ol the most glorious of nature's scenic wonders.

A comparisonsman At mile 53 we encountered eight mountain. and

to ten foot sand waves for about onefourth of a mile. Our guide reported these to be the largest waves

he had seen on five trips on the river.

The night was spent at the historic "Crossing of the Fathers'at mile 41. At an evening campfire the

story of Father Escalante was related.

As the crews pulled their boats in Searching for cliff dwellings in Moki Canyon.

for the landing at Lees Ferry next day, I marveled at the development that had taken place within this tional problems of boatmanship and

Explorer Scouts group of young men during those demonstrated more convincingly the (Continued irom page 503) five days on the river. For the first need for cooperation. The vastness

1,000 to 1,500 feet from the bottom time in their hves, many of them had and solitude of the country, the reand 200 feet or more from the top of been placed in a situation which deligious services, the stories of the nearly perpendicular cliffs, and are manded teamwork. Every turn of pioneers, the climbing of Hole in the

now inaccessible. In some cases the river, in addition to revealing a Rock and the multitude of other exsteps in the sandstone walls are new, inspiring sight, brought addiperiences I feel certain have had an

dimly visible, in other cases time *For further descriptions see "Hole in the Rock,"influence for good in the lives of and the elements have removed all TheRock,"Improvementchapter XI, Era,The Improvementv. 43, p. 18; Era."Holev. in50, thep. these Explorers that will make them

traces of how the builders of these 708. (Continued on page 529)

dwellings reached their homes.

But what was most welcome to the party was a small, cool, fresh water spring near the mouth of the canyon. This was the first good

water we had found on the river.

The rains and high level of the river had turned the clear water streams into rivulets of mud.

Poison ivy! I had never seen it

grow so profusely or so high as it was growing at Hole in the Rock, which we reached the next day. But

our leaders had made adequate preparation; they painted our hands,

arms, necks, faces, and legs with tannic acid before we started the twomile-long hike to the top of the mesa which stretched to the west 1 * two thousand feet above the river.

Every step up the slope where the Above: Nearperfect dwelling in Lake

L. Cross is in center,road was built, where two hundred Canyon.right. Guide John

steps were chiseled in solid sandstone, where the crack was widened Right: Landing at Lees Ferry, Arizona.

with hammer, chisel, and powder,

J'altk 6 a Jkoft Lut let's Talk It Over GROUP of US were talking about By MARY BRENTNALL the end something had gone wrong,

of gulfed in it takes long to iron a sense hov complete a shirt, ex-A efficiency—about time, about and she found herself almost enthat seriShe awareand minsomething special in mind, and so I haustion. making about was a bed in twoutes—"Yes, really making, not just waited for him to continue. We all ous consultation was taking place,

throwing together."A young miS'waited, but he said no more. He and nervousness over this increased

sionary sauntered over. He'd been must have been aware, however, her fatigue.

home about a month and had his that he had stopped our little discus- "With all the strength I could eyes on Mary who was in our group. sion dead in its tracks. Maybe he command,"she told me, "I appealed

Mary didn't seem to kno'W very meant to do just that because Mary to my Heavenly Father. I told him

much about ironing shirts or makrose almost at once and started to that I felt that I had done all that I leave. But the rest of us hung onto could, that from then on this birthing beds—-"other than my own,"

a httle. was completely in his hands. Aftershe said—but it was she who had him

started us on our discussion by her that I felt as relaxed as if I were a explanation of electric typewriters child again in my mother's arms."

with their sensitive, fast touch, and And in a very little while the baby ability to make many carbons at had been born normally and fairly one typing, Jane had chimed in to easily. Was that, I wondered, what

arithmetic—sheexplain the newteachesshortthe cutsbafflingin WasBlair had meant by a "short cut"?

ficiency''?subject—and the rest of us began to it an example of "spiritual effeel the need for "keeping up"with A little later Jim Mumford told

Mary and Jane and so had opened me of his experience. He had been

our pet subjects of ironing and bedtwo thousand miles from home when making. a wire reached him telling of his

We were deep in housekeeping father's serious illness and urging methods when the missionary joined him to come as quickly as possible.

us. We'll call him Blair though, of He investigated air hne, bus, and

course, that wasn't his real name. train schedules, finding them all inHe listened carefully, hanging convenient and delaying. He called

around in the hope, I suppose, that in faith on his Heavenly Father for

Mary would get tired of our talk help and then decided to try to make fest and give him a chance to take a plane which left in an hour from a her home. I think perhaps Mary "We'd like to hear more, Blair. city fifty miles away. He had no

would have liked to do just that, Just what do you mean?"said Jane. car or reservation, but he walked

but she didn't right away. Maybe "Yes, tell us,"we all chorused. onto the road, was picked up by an

she was playing hardto-get, or "I was just thinking of faith. It automobile, driven by an air lines

maybe she felt a little awkward and seems to me to be the greatest short official who took him to the airport, didn't know quite what to do, or cut ever devised."Blair was smiling secured space for him, and sped him

maybe she was interested in our talk as he took hold of Mary's arm, and on his way. The plane landed sixty

and didn't mind keeping him waitthe two left. miles from his home, but he was met

ing. Anyway she stayed, and he I by a friend who "just wondered if

stayed, and I moved over and gave A DOZEN TIMES after that I wanted he might possibly be on that plane."

him a chair just in time for him to to ask Blair for a little amplificaHe arrived fortyfive minutes before insert himself neatly remark his His thoughtinto our womtion. was father died peacefully—greatly

I felt that I provoking, buten's conclave by saying: needed comforted presence of his by the

"It's funny how interested everyguidance in keeping my thinking in son. It sounded to me a little Hke

one is in the efficiency of minds and the direction he intended—if he had the "short cut"that Blair had talkedhands—the world is spellbound over any intention. But life became very about.

new methods and over machines busy for me just then, and Blair that speed the job—yet few are inmarried Mary, and the two of them T RECALLED, too, the story of Nora

terested in spiritual efficiency."went away to school, and I was left Andrews. She was a brilliant

If there had been any bitterness to puzzle over his suggestion. And student but found two months bein his voice, I would have felt that puzzle I did! fore she was to graduate that she

he was just talking, perhaps harborThen one morning Anne Crandall was lacking a required language ing a picture of slammed doors and was telling me about the birth of her course. Someone had "slipped up"

street hecklers, but it was said so baby. She had been confident, hapin checking her credits. She had an

cheerfully that I felt he must have py, and reasonably well, but toward {Continued on page 540)

AUGUST 1948 505 MUIEK

By J. N. WASHBURN

SYNOPSIS

jlULEK loved Zarahemla. the city of his

*''forefathers, where two factions were striving for power, one ruled by Ama'lickiah, a man of tremendous powers and winning manners, who had caused a rupture in the country, and one by Moroni, young chief captain of the armies of the Nephites, who went everywhere, encouraging, instructing, pleading with the people io unite in the country's defense. Accustomed to

receiving the adulation of the people, Mulek was consumed with jealousy at his fall from favor. In order to call attention to himself

he had mocked the priests of the church and allied himself with Amalickiah. Then, to

win their praise he decided to support Mo'roni's projects. Mulek tvas eager to win

the favor of the. girl, Zorah, niece of Amram, a boatmaker. He devised ways of

meeting her, but Zorah was too intent on the political unrest to be interested in him, and was lavish in her praise of Moroni, which added to Mulek's envy. He determined in some way to win Zorah's approval. When, therefore, one of his

friends approached him with the idea that he become king—even as his forefathers had been kings—he entertained the

thought. A general election was called for

and granted by Pahoran, chief judge, concerning which kind of government was the more desirable. In the voting the kingmen

lost, at the very moment when Amalickiah led the Lamanites against the land. When

the kingmen were asked to support the government, they refused. Beside himself

with worry, Pahoran sent word to Moroni, in the land of Bountiful, to come posthaste to the defense of Zarahemla. Moroni came

with all speed to the defense of the capital.

With great loss of life and devastation, the kingmen were vanquished. Mulek,

fighting to the last, was finally disarmed and dragged off to prison.

Chapter VIII THEgaveengagementorders for ended,his menMoronito go about clearing away the wrecks age, caring for the wounded, removing the dead. Nor would he leave the

field even to'see to his own needs until this necessary and humane work had been well undertaken. In

the cool of evening he finally sought comfort and peace after having disposed of the necessary affairs.

Many of the kingmen who had escaped were to be hunted down.

Those who were genuinely repentant should be given opportunity to redeem, themselves. Prisoners were

to be carefully held and watched.

'We glanced at the book Shibhn.\ad left, but did not touch it. Widows and orphans were to be

notified of their loss.

506 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA One thing, among many others, him. Now he began to reahze it, cerned. He had not thought to

troubled the captain. Pachus had and the reaUzation was harsh and analyze his feelings, but as the days

disappeared. When Moroni recruel. It restored him in some degree wore on, he found himself feeling

ceived word of this, he was deeply to reality, and thereafter he comuneasy at the strength and progress regretful, for he knew this conflict menced again to take interest in his of the Lamanites. This surprised

was but the beginning, not the end, surroundings. him. He had supposed that he would

as he had dared to hope; for while He was not surprised that his welcome word of the discomfiture of

the archtraitor lived, there would former acquaintances and friends his people, of Moroni in particular, be no rest for the nation He, like did not come to see him, knowing One day, after a longer silence than

Amalickiah, was all bad. what kind of friends they were. usual, he called the guard and reFor days after the destruction of Many of them, of course, were dead. quested that his lawyer, a friend

his army and the failure of his Those who had survived, for any named Nephi, be brought to him.

cause, Mulek was more like the number of reasons, would not come. Next day the guard, Amnigaddah,

fabrication of a dream than like a Now that he was in disfavor, now as soon, as he came on duty, entered man of flesh and blood. He had been that no benefits could follow their the prisoner's cell.

wounded, not severely, but many interest, they had made other asso- "It is with deep regret,"he detimes, and infection, fever, and inciations. clared without preface, "that I intense pain made heavy deform you that the lawyer

mands upon his strength and Nephi is dead."

spirit. Through days and "Dead? How did this come

nights of torture he lay on his about?"

rough bed in the cell, staring "He fell, fighting at his upward, breathing unnaturalcaptain's side in the..."The

ly, neither knowing nor carman was about to say "recent ing what happened, whether rebellion"but coughed inhe was to live or to die. stead and let his voice trail

When at last he was prooff. Mulek's cheeks flamed

nounced well, he was vastly red.

altered. Physically he was "I understand,"he replied,

but a shadow of his former with the air of a man who unr self. His hair and beard had derstood a great deal..

grown, and he rejected all Later in the day he asked offers to have them cut. His for another lawyer and gave

eyes were sunken and dull; his name. Amnigaddah did;

his cheeks, thin and pale. A not wait for night but sent

long livid scar showed promianother at once to make innently on his chin. His flesh quiries concerning this Shawas gone to the extent that zer. The messenger returned

he was wrinkled and wan. He shortly with word that Shalooked like a different man. zer was fighting in the east.

He was different. Everything Mulek saw or

He never smiled and selheard rebuked him, condom spoke, at no time more demned him. He, too, should

than was necessary for eseven now be fighting in his sential communication. Recountry's cause.

covered from his delirium, he At night he asked a third would stand for hours Mulek turned to the window. time for a lawyer. "I give you

looking from his prison into leave to bring what man sothe world outside. Loss of freedom, ever you will."He spent a sorrowhope, wealth, and friends left him He was almost wholly alone. His ful evening and a fitful night

little in which to be interested. only contacts were with his guards dreaming of things that brought him'

and attendants who at regular interonly pain whether they were happy 'T'he hardest trial of all came to vals visited him to bring the necesor otherwise.

him one day after his recovery, sities of hfe and to watch, after a Next day a lawyer was brought

He was informed that his mother, fashion, over his welfare. Nor to him. Cezoram was an elderly

shortly after his fall, while yet he would he have it otherwise. He had man, but his mind was clear and

lay senseless, had died suddenly lost everything but pride; he would vigorous. He walked with a limp

from the shock of his actions. Mulek keep that. from a Lamanite arrow lodged in his

had never had occasion or reason to As news of the Lamanite invasion hip. He greeted the prisoner courthink deeply about life. He had in and the resulting war was brought teously and asked in what he could

a very real sense lived only on the to the capital, Mulek became more be of service.

edge of it. Pampered and soothed, and more eager to hear of it. He "I am sorry I am unable to offer

denied the toughening experiences began to question his guards conyou hospitality more fitting your of the world, he had never really cerning every detail. He was not honor,"Mulek began.

known what his mother had been to sure why he was so deeply con- (Continued on page 535),,

AUGUST 1948 507 ONhundredJune 21,and 1948,fortythreefour missionaries, the largest group of missionaries in the history of the Church, came together at the Mission Home in Salt Lake City for final instructions before leaving for their fields of labor. Filled with the zeal

of their calling, they attended the various classes and were later set apart for their missions.

This gathering presents quite a contrast to the earlyday missionaries who, few in numbers, set out without purse or scrip to try to reach the people of the world.

These early missionaries, more often than not, left their families without sufficient supplies to carry them during the period of absence, but they trusted in the Lord, and that trust was not misplaced. They traveled to their destination

afoot or on slow boats, but they did touch the hearts of many people whose descendants today number into the hundreds and bless the names of those earlyday missionaries who suffered untold hardships to carry the message of the gospel into the states of the Union and to foreign countries. largest LD.S. Missionary

During the decades the world has what the harvest of souls will be! MISSIONARIESJUNE 21, ANDENTERINGDEPARTINGTHE MISSIONARYJUNE 30, 1948HOME

changed, and while the principles of there has never a been Probably

S. right, first Reading from row: Allan the gospel have the remained same,

Humpherys, L. Jensen, Gordon Doyle left Kayto Johnson, people more have time when the its inhas Williams, S. A. Church Paul found with Dwayne C. Moore, Gordon

Wallace, Arlo Trost, Klinger, Dell trying find Beck, to to Rolund Fred been something itcreased membership can and Hill, L. Dora Thacker, D. Roberts, Burnett Dean

cling. they to J.A. can which Smith, Ray want They A. Winn, Perschon, Robert Willis, Bobshould into missionaries send more T. Smith. Melvin replace fear with hate hope and Ifthe world. the increased numbers row: Second L. Junior George Damstedt, Bates,

love. with shatatomic L. The Martin, Paul bomb DeLyle Beckstrand, H. SwenWayne will diligent as be as the early were E. son, Richard Nilsen, E. David Jay Bean, Lavon belief ability tered in to his man's Powell, Robert Colder, Holmes, Leo Don Glen H. few, will then indeed the revelation

Bill Colder, Newlon, LeRay Huntington, Lowell Larhis destiny, control and own many Ferril sen, A. Losee,of L. Lee, Glen true: Clarence W. Smith Joseph come

J. Graver, Marvin Anderson, Walter Sutter, Roy Max are as they ready seldom been have

E. Winward, Donald Belnap, J. Bryan Renstrom. field is For behold the white already to learn to before a ready about Surow: Third Ellen Sorensen, G. Thalia Riggs, Helen lo, harvest; that and thrusteth his he in Lucile B. Thomas, Rhodes, R. Gerald Dean, Rowland rules Being the universe preme who sickle his with Larkin, A. might, the Peter Russell, layeth G. same William Carlston, up W.

in spite Hale, Mrs. Golden Hale, for good of what Golden Hale, H. man may Joyleen in store that not, perisheth he but bringeth Grace Beverly McEwen, Reiche, Thayle Beth Wynn, do. the answer has not been salvation soul. to his And Wilcken, Beth Swainston, C. 4:4.) Francis, Thelma (D. & PerEva

rett, Twyia Nilsson, J. Helen Chapman, Glenda it in religions. found But manmade Shirley Hunger, Fowles.

field "the though Even is white if in religion, the true found can be.Fourth Keller, row: Martha Green, Murray Grant toalready harvest,"the missionaries Charles D. Hyde, George Low S. Pincock, Joyce will missionaries the but prepare Petrie, Ruth M. Holman, Cteda Auger, SoderRay will find that they the follow must borg, Florence David Bott, Robert B. Webb, Don that themselves the they be may

director; Cotton, J. Joseph Johnson, Ruth HuntAnn inadmonition included the promise: it. er, R. Donald Olsen, of Sarah true Wolsey, qualities Keller, conveyors Beverly What

Varena Lambert, Barbara Robinson, Dorothy in that Mae his thrusteth sickle "he with to cultivate to they are given need Mildred Hurst, Wood, Glen Robertson, Frank his might."Apathy has never been them in this same revelation. Mathesan. B.

Critchfield, Zetta P. Theron Folsom. in the Church the way of any of its

T. Lindsay, Glen Huish, Stringham, Grant

it activities, certainly Pratt, L. Ivan and J. Watts, Arnold cannot be With this great group of missionKennethWilliamFifth row:R. Richards,

Lewis the way of missionaries. If these aries who left the home June 30, MelvinG. Bowen,W. Carter,Grace ThomasC. Bowen,JosephMarjorieThomassen,A. Child,

Margaret to Anderson, the 4,316 LaVaun are already Paxman, Kearsley, LaRue who missionaries and study work and added D. Hazel Vance, R. Mortimer, Roma Carina June field, in the the surely at work Mendenhall, L. work Veria Sandstrom, F. Bishop. Donald as diligentlypray and teach as they

Sixth row: P. Jerry Wiberg, Dean B. Hayes, Davidwho went in the early days, think of the Lord will prosper. Castleton, E. Alfred, Joel Alan E. Leetham, Warren

508 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Class in History

Astin, D. Gardner, Robert Johnson, Frank E. W. Dean Munk, John Guadersen, R. Grant Carl Hardy, R. son, Jensen, DeLamar Robert Simonsen, M. Jay B E. Jesse Wright, R. Ediecsen, H. Nelson Cordon, Saunders, D. Jay Salmon, Holley, V. Glen Maurice Williams, Theron Mackay, Thorley, M. Theon L. Strieker, Gibbs, Lucille Marion D. Mrs. Layton, Norma Bowman, Donald L. Fife. Sorensen, Marlyn Bernell Smith, D. Wallace Sjoblom, E. Richard Har- S. Isaac, Memntott, Margaret Ruth Joyce Leilah Mrs. ris, Richard T. Orden, Yan Jensen, Yaron T. Lehi J. Aitken, Dudley, Twelfth Eldon row: Duane Bigler, Elizabeth Lois Engelbrecht, W. Cahoon, Smith, J. Keith Morris, Arrel D. Martin, Collins R. Clyde Hatch, McLaughlin, John Ray Odeen W. Yernetta Hale, Holt. Gladys Chapman, Evan Stevenson, Emerson Brinton, Ned J. Virgil Parker, Andersen, Grant, Richard G. David Helpenstme, Clair Andrus, L. Vern Marble, Seventh Dallas row: Lynn Peterson, O. E. Thomas T. Fred Quitter, Callahan, C. David William Bowsen, Richards, Robert Ensign, J. Kenneth Fredrickson Robinson, Russell G. Williams, Swenson, Max W. A. Bennett, Robert Smith, Allen Anderson, Norman L. Maiben Christensen. J. Arnold, Corner B. John Harris, C. Hunsaker, Don Aksel Anderson, Joe Richard Sansom, Watkins, C.

Barker,LeRoy N. Leavitt, David Richard Barker, E. Alfred Smith, Shawcroft. Nineteenth Wade row: John Andersen, Reed Ormond Duffin, Sharol Beverly Booth, Jane Bonham, May E. DeYere Walker, Jay Dee Brady, Earl G. Calvin Steadman, row: Thirteenth Robert M. Lee BlackLouisa Hiatt, Gene G. Hazel Nelson, Joy hurst, Graham, Harward Millerberg, G. Tyler, Gilbert Alan C. C. Bladh, Vernon Boyd McKeon, Smith, Dallas A.Ruth Hendricks, Yerna Carico, G. David Kurr, Keller, Delbert Helpenstine, J. Ned B. P. Lawson, Clark, Douglas Shumway, Mark Leonard Hyrum Harman, J.Robert Sumsion, Geneva Winterrose. L. John Bawden, B. LaMar L. Williams, Stanley Thomson, Davis Clarence DeJong, Ronald McRae H Gardner, David roYf: Gill Eight Blood Ralph John D. Cook, Marsden, Warner, S. Farr, Porter, Elden LeLand Calvin Ronald Yenema, Ericson, Fay Queed Weiler, Robert favison, D.Clark Lorin Call, Monson. Cyril Wiggins, Robert Packar, D. Shupe. Reed

L.B. Day, Byron Richard Nelson, Adams, William Holladay, Moss, William Gale row: Twentieth Fourteenth row: Douglas C. Duncan, Whitney Russell, R.H. Laurence Fish, Jensen, M. F.Mark W. Bunkall, Ehlers, Merlin Aposhian, A. Jack Checketts, George D. Garth Monson, S. Glade Price, J. Morris,Wesley Alden A. Arthur Powers, Florence Hamp, E. Stanton C. Wiscomb, Arthur Maxwell, Swan, A. M. James Burdell Merrell, Harold H. Stout, Knudson, MelvinIrma L. Iversen, Ivan Allred, M. Austin J. Duffin, Olsen, A. K. John Westover, M. Schmutz, Thomas E. Gerald Smith, Oliver Burk, W. Elaine Y. Alice Royal Sohm, June Speakman, Lathel V. S. Bill Victor Carver, Purdy, Matis, Betty Than Kunz, Gene W. Jack R. Wallis, QuentinGosnell, Woolley. Judd, Geraldine Schick. Hyrum Doyle Hyde. Henrie, W.

Twentyfirst S. Bird, J. Blair Joel row: row: Charles Ninth Kenney, Jay Dunn, W. James Duffin M. H. Glenn Vandenberg, Henry M. Fifteenth row: Boyd C. Brinton,Call, Stoker, Deloss Child B. Ronal Christensen, Kenneth Eugene Noble, Wilbert R. BentDixon, C. Marion Willard Howell, A. Noel Thomas, ley, Orson Kenneth Boden,David Claridge. David Wendell Wixom, Clyde Arthur H. Lavor West, Callis Robert D. Clark, Winegar, James C. Leon Monson, R. Harms, Stallings, J. B. E. Armand Birdo,C. Stephen Richard Nebeker, S. Webb, Fay Robinson. Sterling Lewis, H. Strong, D. Knight, Mark Jack W. G.Quinn Donald Jackson, Phillip Dean McKay, Delmar J. Knudsen, M. Bigler, Gordon Mortensen, H. Kay Twentysecond row: Davis, Jay Ray S. FrankJohnson, Child, Ralph Robert Reid McTimmerman, Daines, Denzil Oliver D. Kimball, HanDouglas W. Allister Merrill R. Romney, Balls, ScottBelnap, E. D. A. Wright, Orson Hurst, Glendon Johnson. Perry, Snelgrove, Phillip Leiand John Malin sen, Roy A. John Thomas, Melvin Farr, M. P. Gene Monson, Calvin Scott (A): A. O. Speakman, Tenth row B. Whitehead, M. Richard Christensen, O. LaRue S. Quinton Harris.

J. L. Layton, Brady,Dyer, Bryant Lawrence M. LaMar J. Jr. Wilding, Connell, R. Brockbank, Jack

Twentythird row: E. B. Alfred Stucki, Horsley, C. Fan DavidJensen, Ralph Cook, LaVarr Wil- W.

Hardy, R. Jesse Coombs, Heber row: Sixteenth liam Coats, David Willie, Bennett,Jeppson, Sidney C. Jay Nebeker, Glenn W. Ralph Frank Boyer, John

Nilsson, Donald Lynn James Burgess, R. A. Bennett, Jack William Print, RamonPetersen, H. A. Richard Harward, Dale Ogden, Conrad Mark D. Rogers,

WilRichards, C. Wootton, James C. F. Joseph Brown, Robert L. Owens, John Finlinson, H. Bennett.L. Richard Visser, Money, Dennis Frank

Easton Charles Ralph Ashmore, Earnshaw, liam A. W. Hall.L. East Balcony: C. Ralph I. Wheeler, Richard Parker, Welling, A. Cutler, Dean W. Clyde Mae Crapo, Clark. Allred, Gleno (Bj: Robert Keith Reid Draney, Tenth row W. Joseph H. Barton, Bruce Hurst. Belnap, Keith Stanley LeBaron, Teichert, Homer Knell, M. M. John Leslie Page,Lee Dahl Gleave, Orvit

B. Cammack, H. Reed Cammack, Donald W. Fowler, Seventeenth row: John William Powell, Andrew Ray Warner.

B. J. A. Hales, Madsen. Zabriskie, Talbot, MarkLloyd Smith Yan R. Arlo Nelson, Coras, David Daryl Balcony: Pixton West Beck, Roy Joel A. SedgBodily, Jr., Parker, Aldous, Harold Leo H. Hal B. Faux, Allen,Ronald Taylor, James Merrill Charles wick, R. Laraway, Thomas G. Ray Slaugh, B. Reed Teerlink. Jerry Jensen, Rulon Moloney, R. Sherril Y. M. Wakefield, McGregor,Homer James James W. Day, Gibbons, Andrew J. Perron Blake, A. William J. T. Dale, Spencer, George Stromberg, Donald J. Clive Eleventh Nelson, Sherwia row: Edward Gallagher, Joseph Jones, Dean Richard H. Hardy, Smart. R. Charles L. E. R.Berrett, Jay Lowe, Thomas, Reed LaYoy E. William Anderson, P. Garth Monson, Whitney

E. Garrett, Kelly GlenCampbell, Korth, R. A. row: Lauder, Eighteenth Karl Juan D. HutchinRay W. Checketts.

AUGUST 1948 509 n ii]@rc FROK TEIVIRLE SQUA.RE w

By RICHARD L EVANS

pose. Either we are going in good altruistic men; those who would

l/Ukem re Lyon Ljoina. company or we are going in bad cast doubt on great documents.

prove those are people go to There company. who would who And

that all of the past the masterpieces with placesnTHERE is an exceedingly importhe the wrong wrong tant question that parents repeople, issue an open invitation to were not the work of the men whose peatedly ask young people: "Where trouble. We all ought to ask ournames appear upon them. There are

are you going?"And even though selves where we are going every those who would discredit every

a youngster may become impatient, day, because to be going where we hero of history. There are those

it is important that parents ask it, ought to be going is one of the who would loosen the footing of and it is important that they receive greatest safeguards in life. It isn't every foundation on which men

a straight and open answer. An good for anyone tO'drift without place their faith. And unfortunateevasive answer is often an introduchaving to account for his course and ly there are too many who are too

tion to trouble. Sometimes people conduct. One of the simplest forwilling to listen to those who are

have definite destinations in mind, mulas for keeping out of trouble and against everything that is. Of

"hich they don't object to discussfor making the most of life is to course, no one would question the ing. Sometimes people, young and have a definite and desirable desright of an honest investigator to

old, simply don't want to account tination, and to be going there in delve into any inquiry of common for their intended course. And the right kind of company. concern. And certainly all error and

really don't they knowsometimes—Jane 6, 1948. untruth should be exposed—whethjust are they are going; theywhere er past or present. But there are

drifting. "Where are you going"some who pursue the purposes of

is an important question every time j-viUma yvf tke fllia/'d destruction who know, before they family the forth from venturewe to find, intend begin, they what who is proverb from a The SPHERE time undertake fireside, every we to prove. they propose what know a that reads: Persians "When travel time activity, every weany all are disregard who some There

to destruction, the takes road man company. or with crowd any We direction that leads evidence in any

Certainalong."the help him gods all time. the all going somewhere are to the direction they except want

is easier than tearing things ly down inphysically are when we Even all that go, opinion ignore and who building; up. wasn't them "Rome in thoughts. our going are we their points except toward anywhere

it easily built could day,"but in a to planning want are what we active,We preor opinion purpose. own We in day. any- a Almost destroyed be are to do. you or "Where hope do inon presume much sume when we

it pull pieces, things to but can one is that question young a going"tear to conclusive evidence down people should answer as they leave requires time and patience and puranything that has stood the test of place. in the pieces to put pose their enter they upon school and as it tear when we time—especially there those are Nevertheless who the life's of most Indeed, one work. putting something without down

persistent pulling in things down life in of the days important in its place. better should man A physical also things, only but is decides some the on he dayone anyare—not his of exceedingly sure ground be

definite and desirable destination ideals and principles, and even the before he makes any utterance that and begins moving toward it. And foundations of faith—and not only would tend to tear down any timeif more people had asked more the present, but there are those who honored principle or ideal or to

youngsters where they were going seem to be set on pulling down the strike at the foundations of men's also. are those past There who fewer be would more often, there faith. he does may, like And who

all the discredit of motives if would today. more disappointments And find at is pulling that he Sampson,

people had faced the facts more the pillars that support the roof over squarely about where their own achis own head; and he may find himtivities were taking them, there self in the wreckage of his own dewould be fewer misfortunes. Either structive design.

we are going ahead or we are going { Concluded on page 511) behind. Either we are wasting time—June 13. 1948.

or we are putting it to a good purlAeschylus: The Persians, 490 B.C.

Copyright, 1948 ZL

HEARD FROM THE "CROSSROADS OF THE WeST"WITH THE SaLT LaKE TaBERNACLE ChOIR AND OrGAN OVER A NATIONwide radio network through ksl and the columbia broadcasting system every sunday at 11:30 a.m.

Eastern Timje, 10:30 a.m. Central Time, 9:30 a.m. Mountain Time, and 8:30 a.m. Pacific Time.

510 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA until we"Wir<.xpenence judgmentsurely we onshouldother bepeopleslow to pass

know morej of what is hidden in

CoMETiMES young people in a venike ace itheir heartsl, l i turesome spirit seek to acquire an—June 27, 1948.

iacquaintance with questionable pracCoMETiMES we wonder what makes..

tices, questionable places and quesmen act the way they act and do tionable people—not with the idea the things they do. But it is difficult Bookrack

of becoming involved in any unto know what goes on inside another {Concluded irom page 501) savory situation, but just to "see"person. And because we don't know,

living faith ideals are on and Noble it is misjudge to exceedingly easy hfe. of Sometimes sideanother

page. writevery is uniquely book The the outoften see other men. imto be themselves supposethey We calls in the author "free what

fail effect, frequently but ward we taint they things the of to themune A. W. verse."—/.ten cause. to see Sometimes the inward sometimes lightly touch, andonly

eviobserve who gives a man we in seeking justify themselvesthey CRUSADERS AND is CRITICS embittered, of being dence who unin frequenting sights,unseemly Henry Holt (Charles A. Madison.

wholesome places, and in "sampersistently unpleasant, and we may and Co., New York. 1947.

pling''questionable things on the wonder how he got that way. But 572 pages. $3.50.)

ground that such pursuits "widen"unless we know his whole life, the Tn his preface the author states, "The their experience and "broaden"their factors and influences that have quest for freedom has been a basic knowledge of life. But, if this be shaped him, we cannot fairly judge characteristic of the American people

logic, may we not then ask: Wouldhim. And we cannot know how we from the very beginning."He then

to six groups deal with of act if ourselves would we had been proceeds justified in roblikewise ben't we crusaders critics and helped have who similar circumstances. in through for experience?bing a bank Or

the States United nearly more make people Sometimes employed who are fire for experience? foreststarting a

it be. should not what While may we service as are to not perform some off for ex- a buildingOr in jumping the agree ideas with of the of some attentive to as their assignments nor things areperience? we many There treated, people feeling help cannot we

might do merely for experience: for considerate of those they are servthat the author is sincere in his effort

example, we never really know what ing as it would seem they should be. to make us aware of the fight for freeit is hke to be in a highway crash And we may assume that they are dom and of the driving purpose of

until we have been in one. But cerdeliberately sour and sullen. But those whom he treats. In the words

tainly no sane adviser of youth they may have just come from a of one of the crusaders, John Peter would suggest a crash as part of the home where there is an unsolved Altgeld, we come to accept the idea:

recommended curriculum. Such exfamily situation, where there is seri- "Wrong may seem to triumph. Right

defeated. the to seem be But may or sickness for ous deep some cause to scarcely sought be areperiences

is justice eternal of toward feel gravitation also Often despondency. we like. are they learn just toafter what political of the throne inGod. Any that friends are changeeven our or that seeking yet, to suggestAnd stitution is to which endure be must

sampling questionable things is able. They sometimes seem pleasplumb with the line of justice."

distant sometimes and inand are acant ajustified for wider winning C. /.

different. should be—M. think they We irrational life is as withquaintance

as to suggest that we invite any the same all the time. But it is not TAKE TIME FOR HUMAN

danger or disaster just to know what unlikely that we ourselves are as ENGINEERING it is like. Our memories are what variable in our moods and manner (Raymond W. Miller, LL.D. World \

;they are because of all our actions as are our friends. All of us at times Trade Relations, Washington, D.C.

pages.) 22 in perare our deeply absorbed own all the ofand impressions—because business dcdl others and men, Tf who is plexing problems. a There comall the have known,people we society, stimulating with a and want of face plex story the every behind all sights heard, the havethings we let helpful hour, read them is clerk see. true the of This man we all the seen, thoughts we havewe W, booklet.A this—/. counter, of at the the man who all things the thought, and wehave

of next our door makes deliveries, with mixhave done. mud IS And if we THIS STORY THE

fast of neighbor, our and even own the L. of man, mind goes through (David Cohn. Houghton Mifflinwhat

it is still mud, even if it is called "exfriends. It is so easy to misjudge Co., Boston, Massachusetts.

perience,"and it still discolors all it others without knowing more about 1947. 563 pages. $3.50.).

touches. There are some things them than we usually know. There JDacked with human interest and

which even to touch (yes, even to is an old tradition of the theatre that political observations, this book will see) are contaminating. And whenthe show must go on. And good make enjoyable reading for the wouldever we deliberately and needlessly troupers often entertain audiences be traveler who is forced to remain at

seek out such things, we may mowhen their hearts are heavy. We home or for the traveler who would

all in this experienced desome into insight have the. countries an foolmentarily we have ourselves—but it gree. on, and go show must The travel, where through England, he maycan't fool the markings on our memto us. of most have eastern central Thfe and Europe. and We does—forories. experiences are some There obligameet keep and moving many author's, experiences the great with and

i nlife, which, allegedly even though it like feel or not. tions whether of small these fascinatwe countries make

"broadening,"we would do well to We often have to go about our busiing reading and point a way to better do without. ness no matter what kind of heartunderstanding of their inhabitants.—

—June 20, 1948. breaks there are inside of us. And M.C.J.

AUGUST 1948 '511 June Conference—1948 whether they concern themselves with adolescents,

young folk, or adults, there has always been one

JUNE CONFERENCE always affords a tremendous end in view—and only one—and that is to make

impetus to those who attend it to go back into better, happier lives for every member of the their wards or stakes and become more active in Church and for every person who comes in touch carrying forward the great Mutual program. The with the Mutual program.

phenomenal feature to most persons who attended This June conference was unusual in another the general and the department sessions is that the respect too, for it was one of change in the leaderconcern of each activity is for the betterment of the ship of the Young Women's Mutual Improvement entire group—not merely the advancement of the Association. This represents another unusual feasingle individual at the expense of the group. The ture of the Church. There was gratitude to the

desire of the drama director, for instance, is to outgoing president. Sister Lucy Grant Cannon,

raise the entire level of the Church in its appreciaand her counselors and the general board; recognition of plays and play production and not merely tion for the former president, Sister Ruth May

to permit some talented person to play the lead in Fox and her counselors; and welcome to Sister

some theatrical performance. In a world where Bertha Stone Reeder and her counselors and

competition has prevailed for a long time, this is a board. And there was the spirit of the gospel

factor that proves refreshingly hopeful, together which bound all three groups together in genuine with the fact that the leaders in various groups love and affection and respect.

feel more than adequately repaid for their efforts Truly the spirit of the Lord lies in the Mutual in the service that they render. when such tremendous results can stem from this

Spectacular as the recreation arts and the truly inspired program. M. C. J.

speechmusic festivals were, they were not the outstanding feature of the great meet which Oualities of Youth brought to Salt Lake City leaders from all over the Church. The greatest feature was the spirit TT7"hat is so glorious as youth today with their

of testimony that dwelt in the hearts of the leaders enthusiasm, their courage, their straightforand the participants whose lives have been enwardness, and their sublime selfconfidence? Youth

riched by the gatherings. Different though each need all of these characteristics to be able to foot

testimony was, they were similar in at least one the bill that life is chalking up for them.

respect: those who'bore them had found spiritual Youth need to be enthusiastic, for the literal

growth through their recreation. meaning of the word enthusiasm is "filled with the

To Latterday Saints this may not seem sO'unspirit of God."Therefore, when youth are truly

usual, but to some not of our faith who attended, enthusiastic, there can be no wrongdoing, for the this was of tremendous significance. To them the inner spirit and their appeal to our Father in heavwords recreation and spirituality were at opposite en to guide them would preclude evil.

poles so far as their understanding of the words Youth have need of courage. Today when adwas concerned. They knew that to innumerable vertisements for liquor and tobacco and some peopersons the word recreation was synonymous with ple state that it doesn't matter whether one takes

negative activities. When they witnessed the hun- a drink or not, whether one smokes or not, it takes

dreds of young folk participating in the dance real courage to stand out from the group. That

festival and in the music festival and learned that kind of courage in youth will make them stand they did not indulge in drinking and smoking, out from the crowd in later life. They will have

when they listened to the testimonies of old and learned to do their own thinking and to tackle the young, they were astounded. They were delighted problems that confront them in this world of

with the fresh appearance of the girls and boys change. If youth learn early to make their own

and with their apparent enjoyment of the activities decisions and to consider every problem from every in which they were engaged. angle, in their adulthood they will find life much

Another most unusual feature of the June consimpler in respect to temptations. A sentence from

ference program this year as in the years past is a radio recently blared this dangerous statement, that there can be so great diversification of activity "The best way to get a temptation out of one's with such singleness of purpose. Whether the system is to yield to it."The youth of the Church

sessions deal with dance, drama, music, or speech. {Concluded on page 517)

M.I.A. Theme 194849 "SftttpmbFr tl|p aabbatlj Jia, to knp it Ijnltf.*

Exodus 20:8

512 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

of man. This has led to an extension of the use of

the term an intelligence. These students note that cxxv. lA/kat J/'6 an JrnteUifence

the Lord says:

*T*HE word intelligence as used by Latterday

Saints has two chief meanings, both found in... I rule in the heavens above, and in the earth beneath,

the dictionary but of secondary use. First, a man in all wisdom and prudence, over all the intelhgences thine

who gathers knowledge and uses it in harmony with eyesbeginninghave inseenthefrommidsttheofbeginning;all the intelligencesI came downthouin hastthe

the plan of salvation is intelligent. He has intelliseen."

gence. This meaning has been discussed in an

earlier article in this series. Second, the word when They also note the statements of the Lord to

preceded by the article an, or used in the plural as the Prophet Joseph Smith:

intelligences, means a person, or persons, usually in the spiritual estate. Just as we speak of a perMan was also in the beginning with God. Intelligence, or

son or persons, we speak of an intelligence, or thecan lightbe. of truth, was not created or made, neither indeed

intelligences. All truth is independent in that sphere in which God has

This second use of the word has come into being placed it, to act for itself, as all intelligence also; otherwise

. among Latterday Saints because of a statement there is no existence...

made by the Lord to the Patriarch Abraham: andThetruth.glory of God is intelligence, or, in other words, light

in the earth beneath, I rule in the heavens above,... and Placing these and other statements together,

thine intelligences the in prudence, over all and all wisdom eyes have seen from the beginning; I came down in the these students have come to the conclusion that

beginning in the midst of all the intelligences thou hast seen. the essence of man, his very self, his ego, reaches

Now the \ Lord had shown unto me, Abraham, the intelback into the "beginning"of things, into the dim ligences that were organized before the world was; and eternities beyond the comprehension of mortal

among all these there were many of the noble and great man. In short, as far as human understanding

ones; And God saw these souls that they were good, and he goes, to these students man is an eternal entity in stood in the midst of them, and he said: These I will make the past, as in the future.

my rulers; for he stood among those that were spirits, and For example. President Brigham Young says

he saw that they were good; and he said unto me: Abraham,

thou art one of them; thou wast chosen before thou wast When was there a beginning? There never was one; if

bom.'there was, there will be an end; but there never was a

beginning, and hence there will never be an end.*

of to elements are to organized designed Mankind endure inuses the statement words This remarkable all eternity; beginning it never never can have an and had a

( telligences, souls, spirits, a man not and Abraham end.''

yet on earth ) interchangeably. Thus has come the The life that is within us is a part of an eternity of life,

frequent use in the Church of the term an intelliand is organized spirit, which is clothed upon by tabernacles, gence, meaning usually a personage in the spirit thereby constituting our present being."

world, who may come on earth.

Implied in the use of this term is the doctrine of Elder Joseph Fielding Smith, writing on this preexistence. It is a basic belief of the Church subject, adds:

that man lived as a personal being before he came Some of our writers have endeavored to explain what an on earth. He was a spirit child of God, begotten intelhgence is, but to do so is futile, for we have never

by God. His life as a spirit in the heavenly domain been given any insight into this matter beyond what the

is often spoken of as the first estate of man. Lord has fragmentarily revealed. We know, however, that

there is something called intelligence which always existed.

In this estate most of the spirit children of God It is the real eternal part of man, which was not created or grew toward perfection. They possessed the right made. This intelligence combined with the spirit constitutes

of all the children of God to act for themselves, a spiritual identity or individual.''

to accept or to reject any and every offering.

When they had arrived at the proper degree of Elder B. H. Roberts says:

development, they were given the opportunity of There is in that complex thing we call man, an intelligent further training through a mortal experience on entity, uncreated, self existent, indestructible, he—for that

earth. entity is a person; because as we shall see, he is posMany eminent and faithful students of the re- ( Concluded on page 542

vealed latterday gospel have been led by the Op. cit.

statement in the above quoted paragraph from the 3D.Discourses& C. 93:2930,of Brigham36 Young, 1943 Edition, p. 47

Book of Abraham to consider the very beginning Vbid../feW., p.p. 4948

'Joseph Fielding Smith, The Progress of Man, 1Abraham 3:2123 Genealogical Society. Salt Lake City, 1936, p. 10

AUGUST 1948 513 And Tommy soon devised more Another Boy ways to keep family attention focused upon himself. Hugh GrayBy Janette Stevenson Murray ston must walk with him, too, he

insisted, or Ise he would not go to

IS a true story. school. Later, he would not go if THIS "When our third boy was his older brother rode his biborn, Mrs. Grayston, I stifled my cycle to school—Tommy was too

disappointments, but when Tommy young to have one—so his brother,

came I just broke down and cried,"as well as his mother and Hugh, had confessed pretty Mrs. Grant, as she to walk with him.

straightened the lace tablecloth in Being immature. Tommy could

her unused dining room. The family not keep up with Hugh in his school

always ate in the kitchen "because work and was consequently placed of the boys."in a lower section of the class. Then

Mrs. Grayston looked apprehenTommy began to have stomachsively at Tommy, who was pasting aches and could not go to school.

teacher suggested coaching The paper an airplane. on says a at home. Soon he was in Tommy he's often heard this; he "Oh,

LEADING PEDIATRICIAN doesn't mind,"said Mrs. Grant. the upper section again, and his

"But Tommy does mind,"thought stomachaches disappeared.

Mrs. Grayston, as she crossed the One Saturday morning the boys

vacant lot between the Grants'home were playing with a train at the and hers. "That's why he has grown Graystons'home. Mrs. Grant came

over for Tommy, because it was shy, irresponsive—even resentful

his class. time for dancing He didn't time so he spends much and why A NEW AND to go. Mrs. want sugGrayston playhimself, each day outdoors, by

that gested her younger go boy flute."his little EXCLUSIVE ing to watch dance. TomTommy started to go to along Tommy When

school, his behavior changed, but my was then eager to go, for this not for the better. Perhaps he felt gave him a chance to show off.

still more lonely than before, more Then, on a certain occasion his neglected; anyway, he commenced teacher noticed Tommy standing

TUNA trying to attract attention to himself. during a school program, unconHe began telephoning people in the sciously imitating the orchestra

neighborhood repeatedly. He rang leader. Thinking this and other inVAN CAMP SEA FOOD CO., INC., up Hugh Grayston three or four cidents over, she realized the boy

Terminal Island, California times within an hour one day, and was very musical and later remarked

There's no substitute for he even went so far as to call up and to Mrs. Grant that if he had a

it legitimate to off chance show girl party. a little to a slide tuna, when you use invite

his feeling counteract of beuntil excited her would eagerly She was mother telephoned about it, and ing unwanted—the mother had conMrs. Grant said, "Oh, there's no fessed to her how grudgingly she

party; that was just Tommy's had accepted this fourth son.

imagination."That very afternoon, when Tomleading a play band on the my was to refused to walk Then Tommy

his lawn, mother suggested organalone. THE B*1 school Punishments were

tried, but they had no effect. So his izing a neighborhood orchestra to

their house. The mother went with him-—but grudgmeet regularly at

ingly. boy was delighted and was soon ab-

"That is the way Mrs. Grant does sorbed in this new enterprise.

everything for her boys,"Mrs. A little while after this, rememGrayston said to herself. "She probering his desire for a party, Mrs.

vides the latest books, plenty of Grant said they might give one on

Tommy's birthday. toys, good food and clothes—has

even given up a favorite club to have "Oh, Mother,"he said, "let me more time at home; yet, nevertheinvite the boys and girls—and could less, she does it all grudgingly."we—could we have the ice cream on

the lace cloth in the dining room?"

His"Yes—oh,eyes wereyes!"shining.His mother was

consciencestricken.

From this time on. Tommy's S

for attentionyearning and the home liv- \privileges that gracious go with ing were increasingly satisfied, and \ the little boy became adjusted and f I normal. I I I I \

Josephine B. Nichols

Porch Suppers

"poR good eating, serve at least one ean smells hot dish with your main meal. Cold Sm

foods seem even colder if a little hot food contrasts with the rest of the Things that are completely clean have an unmismeal. takable perfume. It's a delicate, trash, sweet smell that

never is noticeable where there is dirt in any form.

Menu I It tells you instantly—this is clean!

Hot Bouillon Chicken Vegetable Salad served with Potato Chips and Tomato Wedges

Quick Hot Rolls Butter When you unwrap a big bar of FelsNaptha

Frozen Lemon Pie Soap, you get the immediate impression of cleanliness. This mild go/den soap breathes the

Menu II clean odor of naptha—the gentle, thorough

cleaner that dirt and grime cannot escape.

Tomato Frappe Fish in Shells Cabbage Pepper Slaw

Refrigerator Ice Cream Honey Nut Cookies When you wash with FelsNaptha Soap Chips,

Menu III youreverysenseswishot otsmellsuds.registersHere's "CLEAN"where youwithdiscover

Orange Grape Cooler the joy of sneezeless washdays. These husky

Baked Ham Loaf Creamed Potatoes golden chips shed no powdery dust

Buttered New Corn to irritate your nose. They're the

Tomato and Cucumber Slices original nosneeze chips!

Bread Sticks Ice Cold Watermelon

the Clothes FelsNaptha washed way Chicken Vegetable Salad clean smell have a fresh, that which proves 13 cups cooked chicken golden soap and gentle naptha, combined, 2 tablespoons minced green pepper have done a dirt removing job no 32 cup minced celery tricky soap substitutes can equal....

2 tablespoons minced pimento Next time you wash your baby's 3/2 cup cooked brown rice things make sure they're salt, pepper completely clean...

}/2 cup salad dressing Use FelsNaptha Soap.

2 tablespoons lemon juice 32 cup cooked peas Add green pepper, celery, pimento, and rice to chicken. Season. Add lemon juice

to salad dressing. Add dressing to chicken

lightly mixture. Toss with fork. Add peas Golden bar or Golden chips. || carefully to prevent Chili mashing. thoroughly.

NinetyMinute Hot Rolls felsNaptha F SQA

3 tablespoons shortening

. 2 tablespoons sugar 1 teaspoon salt banishes TattleTale Gray

I/2 cup warm water 2 yeast cakes, dissolved in {Continued on page 516) M:i&;mM:-i.M:0...,;i

AUGUST 1948 -?orMoviWdHnd Cook's Corner

{Continued from page 515) PERFECT JAMS AND ]/2 cup lukewarm water

JELLIES V/i1 egg,cups well(about)whippedenriched flour

Add shortening, sugar, and salt to warm water. Stir in one cup flour, whip until

smooth. Add well dissolved yeast, and

Jam and ielly mixsmalluntilamountssmooth;at aaddtimetheuntilegg.noAddmoreflour,can

be stirred in. Remove spoon and knead

PECTIII dough thoroughly, remove to board. Knead

dough thoroughly imtil the surface of the.. MORE GLASSES than with Other Leading dough feels satiny and looks smooth. Roll

Pettins*... At No Greater Cost! restup intoon aboardtight fifteenball, coveror twentywith clothminutes.and

PROVE IT FOR YOURSELF! Get the new and larger package of M.C.P. Roll out and shape into rolls. Place on

lAM and JELLY PECTIN. Make the Peach Jam recipe (below). You'll greased baking sheet, brush lightly with

get 72 ounces—more than 10 sevenounce glasses—of the melted fat. Cover; let rise until double in

best Peach Jam ever. This yield will convince you that you get bulk (about thirty minutes), bake in oven

more for your money with M.C.P.! at 425 F., fifteen to twenty minutes.

MAKE THIS DELICIOUS FRESH PEACH JAM! 'Names

4 Cups Ground Peaches '/i Cup Lemon Juice on retuesf Frozen Lemon Pie 6 Cups Sugar 1 Package M. C. P. Pectin

Wash, peel, remove pits from 4 pounds fully ripe peaches; O"t.-- 2 eggs

level of cups ground fruit. Measure cxacily 4 grind sugar cup

fill into ]/ necessary) out last cup, to water (add peaches lemon juice rind cup and lemon y stir well, juice, Pectin lemonif kettle. and M.C.P. large Add

(chilled) milk evaporated (pre- 1 cup sugar constantly. stirring boil, add to bring NOW,

viously measured), continue stirring, bring to full rolling 1 cup graham cracker crumbs boil. BOIL EXACTLY 4 MINUTES. Remove from fire, let boil

subside, stir and skim by turns for 5 minutes. Pour into sterilized jars, allowing Viinch space for sealing with fresh Beat egg yolks; add sugar, lemon juice,

paraffin. and grated rind. Cook until thick. Beat

MAKES TO SEVENOUNCE GLASSES egg whites until stiff; fold into custard.

SOYOU GET MORE ture.Beat milkSprinkleuntil thick;refrigeratorfold intotraycustardwith mixone-

FOR YOUR MONEY with.C.P. half of cracker crumbs. Pour in mixture.

Top with remaining crumbs. Freeze three

hours.

Tomato Frappe

2 cups tomato jince 2 teaspoons sugar }/2 teaspoon salt 2 teaspoons lemon juice 1 tablespoon grated onion 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce 1 cup grated celery and celery leaves

Combine all ingredients; let stand one

hour. Strain through coarse sieve; turn into

freezing trays; set control at coldest point.

Freeze to mush. Stir carefully several times.

Serve in cocktail glasses.

Fish in Shells

1 pound canned fish 2 cups medium white sauce 1 teaspoon grated onion 1 tablespoon chopped pimento 1 tablespoon chopped parsley or green pepper 1/2 cup grated cheese 3/2 cup dry crumbs

Flake fish; mix with white sauce, onion,

pimento, parsley, and cheese; place in buttered shells. Sprinkle with crumbs. Bake

in a hot oven, 350 F., fifteen minutes.

Cabbage Pepper Slaw

3 cups finely shredded cabbage 3/2 cup finely shredded sweet red pepper 34 cup French dressing

Combine cabbage and pepper; add dressing and mix lightly. Serve immediately.

Honey Nut Cookies 1 cup shortening 13 cup honey 3 eggs 1 teaspoon vanilla 14 teaspoon salt 4 cups sifted enriched flour 3 teaspoon soda 1 teaspoon baking powder 1 cup chopped nuts Cream shortening, honey, and eggs. Stir

in dry ingredients. Add nuts, mix thoroughly. Drop from teaspoon on greased baking

sheet. Bake at 350 F., ten to twelve minutes. Makes six to eight dozen cookies.

Baked Ham Loaf 1 pound ground ham 1 pound ground fresh pork 2 cups corn flakes {crushed) 2 eggs 1 cup milk }/2 teaspoon salt 1 tablespoon brown sugar )/2 teaspoon cloves

Mix all ingredients together, pour into well greased loaf pan or ring mold. Bake

at 350 F. for fortyfive minutes.

Oualities of Youth \:t ( Concluded from page 512) should realize—if they have real A language thatcourage—that this is untrue. Yielding to temptation once, lets down

the bars and makes it easier to yield a second and even a third time. True

courage lies in never yielding. There Yourown. baby.. buthashowa languagewell you allunderhis isquestionsSego Milk,can yourbe a answerdefiniteto "yes."those

is real courage in repentance, howstand it! The cry that says he's hunSego Milk is always easy for babies

ever, if one has succumbed to a gry. The small sounds he makes to digest. Always uniformly rich

in substances the nourishing food him—sounds

its sealed intemptation or has established a bad whilesaying you're"this tastesfeedinggood."milk. As safe, whole And when ofhabit. you hold him high—the merry can, as if there were no harmful

Some older folk feel sometimes gurgle. germ in the world. And then it's

vitafortified crystalline pure with course, baby's your welfare Of are youth straighttoday too that sunshine vitamin min D—the largely and happiness depend on the minerals of the works with milk exclusion tactofthatforward—to things do. at the the Right top you

to to develop your enable babyfulness. Polish is list with comes of age the the of kind milk you straight, strong teeth bones—sound it Is digest easy give to him. always asjust in the rock the stream the to of growth. best make—and upsets.''harmful no Does is—causing the reasons are These Sego why buffeting long thesmoothed of by it all the provide substances food he are, rule, well, as babies Milk athe water. to needs sturdy, Frankness enable to him grow and openness all sturdy, babies. happy with And straight, teeth with strong sound andare characteristics two its should qualities, extraordinary we Sego bones?

less costs than Milk other any form toencourage preserve. youth HonIf the milk you give your baby of milk.esty hes in youth—and their

straightforwardness is indicative of this quality. This seal certifies that all statements made

The selfconfidence of youth must heretrue byaboutthe SegoCouncilMilkonhaveFoodsbeenandacceptedNutritionas

seal certifies that This Alumni the WisconsinbeGod—andtemperedthiswithis wherea firmwisebeliefadultsin of the American Medical Association. periodic Research Foundation makes

will work especially hard to try to determine that Sego Milk diluted with antestsequalto encourage youth to obtain this for amountof vitaminof Dwaterper alwaysquart. gives you 400 units

themselves. In a time of uncertainty, of doubt, of tremendous scientific makesFREE itTOeasierMOTHERS!for you to Thiscare forhandyand trainbook yourthat

development true selfconfidence baby. Dozens of the most important questions about the

must be motivated with a sincere care and training of your baby are answered in this and working faith in God. And 64pagetor. Praisedillustratedenthusiasticallybook. Approvedby mothersby a allvellknownover the west.docof this today. free helpful your book copy Send foryouth have who this faith in God

City, E-4, Salt Utah. Co., Milk Dept. Sego Lake

will find their selfconfidence of Address:

SEGO MILK PRODUCTS CO.

such quality that they shall know of Originator of Evaporated Milk in the Intermountain West a verity, as people of all ages have Plants in Richmond, Utah; Preston and Buhl, Idaho

known, "... fear not, for I am with

thee, and will bless thee."(Gen. 26:

24.)—M.C/.

AUGUST 1948 517.

Melchizedek Priesthood Monthly

Quorum lesson for September LESSON EIGHT: September 1948

and paying for that portion on which "Stake Mission Organization, Officers, there is a charge? Bishoprics'Responsibility

and Functions"21. There are ten stake mission

forms described on pages 7576. It is Toward Priesthood Meetings

Ieference: Melchizedek Priesthood recommended that the teacher secure pROM time to time inquiries are reHandbook, Section XI-A, p. 68 to a copy of each of these forms and ceived regarding the attendance

Section XII, p. 76. show them to the class. Probably these responsibility of bishoprics at ward

forms could be borrowed from the priesthood meetings. For the benefit of

1. Describe the organization of a stake presidents and mission presiall concerned, the following policy

stake mission. dents. should govern quorum attendance.

2. What is the responsibility of the The bishop's responsibility during

First Council of the Seventy, the presithe ward priesthood meeting hour is to dencies of stakes, and stake mission meet with, and preside over, his priests presidents in regard to stake missions? Saviors on Mount Zlon as their president, excepting only each

puris the most important 3. What

missionary of stake work?pose ''T'hose who visit the temples often thirdturn withmeetinghis whencounselorshe is into attendingtake his

4. Under what conditions should and are reminded of the laws of the department conducted for the adult

stake missionaries work with Church sacrifice and consecration are usually members of the Aaronic Priesthood.

members? outstanding in their loyalty to the These meetings are the logical place

5. Discuss the six statements regardChurch. It is recognized, of course, for the bishop "... to sit in council

ing the calling and setting apart of that all Saints receiving temple recomwith them, to teach them the duties of stake mission presidents. mends must be complying with the their office as given in the covenants."

6. Whenever feasible the brother highest standards of the Church. HowBishops should so arrange their schedcalled to be stake mission president ever, the spirit attending temple workule as to allow no interference with

should hold what office in the priesters and participants has such a power regular attendance at these meetings.

hood? of purification and of instiling devoIn the same manner that a counselor

7. What are the duties and respontion to the teachings of Jesus Christ, shares the responsibilities of a bishopsibilities of stake mission presidents? that its importance and benefit cannot ric, he shares in the responsibilities of

8. Who calls and sets apart the be overemphasized. the presidency of the Aaronic Prieststake missionaries? Among the important responsibilities hood. It is suggested, therefore, that

9. Should all of the stake missionresting upon the Melchizedek Priesthood the first counselor be assigned to superaries be seventies? of the Church is that of performing temvise the work of the ordained teachers

10. How long is the term of service ple ordinances for those who have enand that the second counselor superfor stake mission presidents and also tered the spirit world. Only those who vise the work of the ordained deacons.

for the missionaries? worthily bear the holy Melchizedek They should attend these quorum meet-

1 1 What are the duties and responPriesthood and have themselves enings each week excepting only each sibilities of the stake missionaries? tered into the most sacred covenants third meeting when they will take their

12. Who makes the appointments of in the House of the Lord are entitled turn as members of the bishopric in

the district presidents in the stake misand privileged to engage in being meeting with the adult members of the sions and what are their responsibili- "saviors on Mount Zion."Others canAaronic Priesthood,

ties? not share in this sacred obligation As high priests, members of the

13. Arc stake missionaries to be rewhich the Prophet Joseph Smith has bishopric are to attend the monthly

leased from all local Church activity declared to be "our most important quorum meeting of the high priests in order that they might devote their responsibility."quorum inasmuch as they are members

full Church service time to their misIt is vital, therefore, that all who are of that quorum. This meeting should

sionary appointment? See pages 70, 71, blessed with the holy Melchizedek be held at a time that will permit bishand 72. Priesthood live worthy of entering the oprics to attend without neglecting

14. Are presidents of quorums of temples and secure for themselves the their Aaronic Priesthood duties; otherseventy released from the presidency blessings bestowed therein. Certainly wise they will be excused from attendwhen called on stake missions? if the temple ordinances are so vitally ing their monthly quorum meeting with

15. What is the field of labor of a important for those who have departed the high priests.

stake missionary? from mortality, they are nonetheless Members of the bishopric are not to

16. What is the relationship of the necessary for the living who are made leave their assignments with the

local quorum of seventy and the stake partakers of the power of the Lord. Aaronic Priesthood in order to attend

mission? Those who have been privileged to weekly high priest group meetings.

17. Who should issue the certificate receive these blessings for themselves They are given due credit for "other

of release to stake missionaries, and to should not shirk the opportunity and Church work during priesthood hour."

whom and when should it be issued? responsibility of enabling others to

18. Describe the relationship and share such glorious promises with

duties of the stake mission presidents them.

and bishops regarding mission bapStake presidencies and quorum presLet the people see to it that they tisms. idencies are urged to emphasize these get righteous men to be their lead19. Where is mission literature matters to the priesthood membership ers... officers who would rather do

secured? over whom they preside and set a perright at a sacrifice than do wrong

> 20. Who is responsible for obtaining sonal example of participation which for a reward.

mission literature, keeping accounts, others may do well to emulate.—Brigham Young

518 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

NOLIQUOR-TOBACCO COLUMN Conducted by Dr. Joseph F. Merrill

G. B. LEE, BENSON, EZRA TAFT CHAIRMAN; MARION HAROLDCONDUCTEDTWELVE—BY THE GENERAL PRIESTHOOD COMMITTEE OF THE COUNCIL OF THE ROMNEY, Introducing Mr. W. W. Whitney

LEVI CLIFFORD EDGAR SONNE, E. YOUNG, YOUNG, THOMAS ALMA E. MC KAY,

L. A. EVANS, OSCAR WINS, RICHARD ANTOINE R. KIRKHAM, S. DILWORTH HThe story that follows is a part of R. HUNTER, MILTON R. YOUNG, BRUCE MC CONKIE

what was told by Mr. Whitney at

Institute of the a session of Alcoholism ton, Leslie Tyler, GardHorace JohnRecent Seventy Ouoram in the held Utah, 16, Hotel under June ner, Marchant. and Jay W.

auspices the the of State Utah Board Seventy: 376fh Joseph Quorum ofOrganizations Alcoholism. alsoMrs. on Whitney was Bate, Knight, Bryan ReinJesse Walter

lIT'iTH the organization of the 380th hold Frederick Hiller, Erling Olaf one of the speakers. The four hundred

quorum of seventy in the OakTorgerson, Raymond Bingham Wrigpeople who heard them were deeply imland Stake, the total number of fully ley, Hosmer Ray Tucker, and Fred pressed by the sincere, frank, and touchorganized seventies'quorums is now Elmer Nelson. ing narrations given by this couple, one

332. Although such quorums are num377th Quorum of Seventy: Major an alcoholic and the other his loyal wife.

bered consecutively in the Church, a P. Garff, Clarence Kelsch, Herbert J. Mr. Whitney feels that his freedom

number have either been consolidated Gustafson, Ronald F. Walker, Clarfrom drink was made possible by the

or discontinued, resulting in a smaller ence Buehner, Mark C. Wheeler, and timely grace of God and the effective

number of actively operating quorums Orson E. Taylor. help given him by a group of Alcoholthan this number would indicate.,37Sth Quorum of Seventy: Ona V. ics Anonymous. To show his appreciaThe 380th quorum of seventy, orWalker, Isaac T. Pierce, Lutil B. tion for what the Lord and this group

ganized by President Oscar A. KirkWhiting, and Fred E. Sawyer (names did for him, he now gladly accepts

ham, June 27, becomes the newest in of other presidents not available). every opportunity to win other alcoholics to to abstinence keep the and resulted organizationthe Church. This 379th Seventy: Martin Quorum of

first taking drink. the from youth He of division the 247th a quorumfrom R. Jr., Young, Fullmer Chapman, W.

off wife and his have thrown anonymiStake. in thelocated Oakland Stradling, Haskel V. LaVaine Mark

In recent months seven other quoPincock, Sims F. Ray, Ray Inglish, ty and spoken in many high school asrums have been organized. The 373rd and Gilbert L. Bigelow. semblies. In every case, reports say,

and 374th quorums, located in the 3&th Quorum of Seventy: Herbert they produced a profound impression.

Ogden Stake, were begun December 9, J. Marsh, H. Robert Brummett, John While all who drink do not become

1947, by Presidents Milton R. Hunter H. Webster, Curtis Bybee, Franklin D. alcoholics, yet an estimated six percent

and Bruce R. McConkie. The 375th, Webb, Harry Mauer, and Walter C. of them do, and a very much larger

376th, and 377th quorums are located Barney. percent of relatives and others are

in the East Mill Creek, Granite, and deeply distressed and humiliated.

Highland stakes respectively. President With anonymity now thrown oE by

Milton R. Hunter supervised the ormany recovered alcoholics and the

ganization of the 376th quorum March Questions and Answers wide publicity being given Alcoholics 14, and President Levi Edgar Young Question 70: What is the recomAnonymous, the movement is rapidly

cared for the other two on January mended study course for monthly growing. So no one needing their help

23, and April 19, respectively. With quorum meetings during 1948? {Concluded on page 542)

the creation of the American Falls Answer 70: The general priesthood

Stake, President Oscar A. Kirkham efcommittee has recommended that the

fected the organization of the 378th new Melchizedek Priesthood Hand- a willingness to promote the temporal quorum in that stake May 2. A divibook be studied in the monthly quorum or spiritual programs of the Church

sion of the 359th quorum in the Mesa meetings during 1948. Suggested lesson may be considered 'Engaged in any

Stake resulted in the creation of the outlines for this purpose have been Church Work.'Following is a sug379th quorum. This was accomplished prepared. The outline for August was gested list of items which may be so

by President Bruce R. McConkie, May published in the July issue of The considered: Attendance at priesthood

23. Improvement Era. The September meeting, sacrament meeting, Sunday

Following is a list of quorum presitopic is in this issue. Subsequent issues School, M.I.A., or committee meetings;

dents set apart for the several quowill carry the remainder of the study payment of tithing; payment of fast ofrums: course. ferings, if paid by members themselves;

373rci Quorum of Seventy: Keith Question 71: A new column, known contributing to Church welfare proLaMarvin Saxton, Lawrence Darrel as "Number (or Percent) Engaged In gram either in cash or labor; contributAnderson, George Boeckweg, Jr., AlAny Church Work,"has been added ing to building programs, either in cash

bert Orval Vowles, John Henry Vanon the quarterly stake Melchizedek or labor; engaging in service project

derWerff, Lawrence B. Hill, and WilPriesthood reports for 1948. What for the benefit of others."A careful

liam C. Jensen. basis shall be used to determine this checking of all quorum members,

37ith Quorum of Seventy: Lewis item? whether active or inactive in quorum

A. Fleming, Cluy Walter Kelly, MilAnswer 71: On the second page of meeting participation, will show that

ton B. Stringham, Francis J. DeBry, the "Instructions""in the several roll most members are active to some deLyman Eldon Parcell, Herman John and report books may be found the gree. Determining their likes and inWestbrook, and Walter Grossenbach. following: "Number {or Percent) En clinations will prove a valuable step in

375th Quorum of Seventy: J. Afton gaged in any Church Work. This item bringing those back into full activity

Green, Harley K. Fernelius, Walter is on the quarterly report. Any effort whose participation may have been

Calvin Corbett, Richard F. Shingleactually expended which demonstrates somewhat limited.

AUGUST 194 519 T mxdxm Aaronic Priesthood Aaronic Priesthood Challenging Records

Awards and Tithing An Idea from the Field

time is another Here idea—this should is sacred anpiTHiNG law—it

the "idea hopper"the of from lightly. Whentreated be never

Bonneville Stake Aaronic Priestis taught, and particularly tithingever hood committee, in the be presented it should youth,to light it deserves. In fact, any other

"|V7[EMBERS of the committee opined:treatment is highly displeasing to the

Lord. Aaronic Priesthood members reCertificates Individual ceive of Award general only are above You say the W. STEINFELDT JENSEN WENDELL GARY activities in of recognition measuring

is somehere well! Verystatements? their These two young in priesthood and to men give requirements up certain minimum

thing specific. Church work, why should not we as Churchmend themactivitieson theirfirstoutstandingplace in theirrecords.lives. We comQuorum Standard is in the priest, Jensen, Wendell a Gary Steinfeldt, a and Tithing definite their likewise leaders a have

Hillside Edgehill Stake, estabWard, have teachmeasure in as a programAward thrill records percent for hundred attendance one feel the of reachteacher,lished then goal and five years four years, respectively, onehalf and and of the bearers the this divine law toing it. ing themselves reasoned among They in priesthood meeting, weeting, sacrament Sunday requirement Priesthood. The and Y.M.M.I.A.Aaronic leaders School, further: as can we How anyone Does accept to the challenge equal or is unless the boy abusedis seriously requirebetter these to records? these the boys ask meet

not only taught the law of tithing but ments unless we also get the spirit of his of out tithing own tois pay taught this point the program great and way

Sill, Sterling chairman; executive W.earnings. should actual example? by we Why chairman; Ostler, secretary; Elmo J. to assumes adviser who that exhilaration quorum the not experience A Anderson, C. Lynn Wayne Layton, his of tithing out cents own few a our "working comes frompay way"own Herbert and Stockman. the to number credit givingpocket, activity score our checking and own Sill, Sterling executive chairman W. quorum, the quaUfy to is needed boysof to do? expect them as we What in the of committee, reporting the projtithing in their paid not is it if have inbut not leadership "to lead"both who the ect Presiding to Bishopric, writes: an the boys doing is not onlyperson, spirit actual in performance? and

injustice, but he is living a misrepreThey decided! It was unanimous Each member of our committee is going

sentation of fact and is depreciating the that members of the stake committee to make another apphcation to your office law of tithing in the minds of all his would lead the parade to success in at the end of this year for an award for boys who know of his actions. We apthe Bonneville Stake in earning the the year 1948. We extend to any boy in

invitation the stake to an a better make intentions that hispreciate CertifiIndividual Priesthood may be Aaronic score are to that than going make, and we teachings such and examples butgood for 1947. cate They of Award did it! will basis. the not be on minimum proper.are not Bishop Richards Presiding LeGrand

Let us teach tithing as it should be had the pleasure of presenting the Here is another example of leadertaught and teach boys to obey this awards to the six members of the comship in action. It is always a good indivine law as it should be obeyed. mittee: President George L. Nelson, dication when leaders lead.

w5jr- -'Tr '."sari"'

A PASADENA STAKE REPORTS HARVEST OF SOULS A MONG ADULT MEMBERS OF AARONIC PRIESTHOOD

Thirtyeight adult members of the Aaronic Priesthood were ordained elders in the Pasadena Stake during 1947. This is one of the most remarkable records in this program yet to be reported. Doing big things in a big way is a matter of momentum—it's a habit in PasadenaPresident John Nielsen, second counselor to President William A. Pettit, and chairman of the stake committee, reported to the Presiding Bishopric's Office,

1948."all. fifty isn't during at least expect such to have advancements over the telephone—"That We

Orlin F. chairman; Lamb, Nielsen, left right: President to front John executive chairman; Clyde seated row from are committee members Stake on the

I. in also represented are the group. secretary; comitteemen R. A. Barry. Frederick Gail Davies, Joseph Ward Savage, Brown, Kay Romney,

520 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Cdited bu cJLee M. i-aumey

IBtlOPBC'

nsT"- WARD YOUTH LEADERSHIP OUTLINE OF STUDY SEPTEMBER 1948

'T'he lesson for September will be a review of the study material presented in this column for

May and June 1947.

Mimeographed copies of the lessons will be sent to each bishop one month in advance. Bishops are requested immediately to

place the material in the hands of the leader who presents the lessons during the monthly meeting of the Ward Youth Leadership Committee that he may have ample time to make adequate preparation.

Ward Teaching AWARD WINNERS, SOUTH TEXAS D!STRICT, TEXASLOUISIANA MISSION

We welcome these young men and young women into the everincreasing Church group of young people who distinguish themselves in Church activities. However, only six young men show up to some disadvanThe Responsibility of the Family tageyour numbersagainst fourteenand thusyoungreplacewomenthe lookin theof defeataward contest.with the "Digsmile in"of victoryfellows!forYou1948.may be able to increase

These young people (seven were absent when the photo was taken) are from the South Texas District, 1948. for strong the year back

District conference held South Texas the winners—comeawards during TITard teaching is ordinarily looked TexasLouisianaMission PresidentMission.GlennCongratulationsG. Smith presentedto the the

assisted presentation. President the Smith in 1947. Jesse Kirkpatrick District President Houston May 16, upon as a duty and obligation in

address outlining objectives the presidency gave an counselor in the mission Harold second V. Gividen, resting solely upon the ward teacher. the award program. of

Contrary to this often accepted opinion, the family, too, carries a large up your countenance."People shrivel Special to Bishops

share of the responsibility. The Lord up in such an atmosphere.

fully intended there should be cooperation from the family. Without it maxCourtesy includes not only being Preparation for the Sacrament

imum results are not obtained. The polite but also kind. Courtesy gives

revelation concerning the duties of the consideration for all members of so- \\7'e feel the necessity for suggesting teachers is based upon "watching over"ciety and a definite deference for posito bishops that, in their priests and "being with"the members. How tion, age, or sex. It implies the acquisiquorum, they give some consideration

could either be accomplished without tion of grace and gentleness that makes to teaching our young men to be cleam the teacher's being admitted to the home approach easy and pleasant. Such and neat when administering the sacin the spirit of friendliness and good worthy qualities make social relations rament.

will. The attitude in which the teacher delightful and harmonious. The teachPriests should be taught to come to

is received into the home, will, to a er who is the recipient of such courthe sacrament table with clean hands.

large extent, determine the measure of tesies will certainly rise to the occaWhere facilities are available for his success. One of the most difficult sion. Respect follows in sequence. It washing hands, our young men should

obstacles the teacher has to overcome is the foundation upon which friendbe taught to make use of such faciliis the attitude of indifference in the ships are built. "He removes the greatties immediately upon being asked to

home. It is the duty of each family to est ornament of friendship who takes officiate at the sacrament table. Where

greet the teacher in a warm ind friendaway respect."(Cicero.) When one such accommodations are not conly manner. knows he is respected, his desires are veniently located, fingerbowls and

Fundamental to proper entertainment stimulated to fulfil the beliefs of his clean towels should be provided and is the exercise of three signal virtues, friends. Proper respect honors a guest, used before the breaking of the bread.

(1) hospitality, (2) courtesy, (3) not only while he is present but after Unless bishops make it a point to respect. What is more appealing than he is gone. frequently bring this matter to the at-

a gracious cordial welcome into the The Spirit of the Lord cannot opertention of their priests, there is a posfamily home? Such a greeting puts one ate where there is a trace of resentsibility they may become careless and

at ease, increases confidence, and ment or cold indifference. Neither will not exercise the care and maintain the

makes possible the full exercise of natit be in evidence where there is predegree of cleanliness which this sacred ural ability. On the other hand, what is tense. Let the family seek then to service deserves. Bishops should almore distressing than the feeling of becarry its share of responsibility, reways observe how the Aaronic Priesting unwelcome? There is an old provmembering that the Lord has said, hood members conduct themselves

erb that says, "It is a sin against hos- "Whoso receiveth you receiveth me."throughout the entire sacrament adpitality to open your doors and shut (D. 5 C. 84:89.) ministration.

AUGUST 1948 521 BUILDING for the Future ot Your Chunk University

Confidence through Education

and

Faith in Man's Destiny

Now more than ever before young people need to build their life structures calmly and wisely. The future will intensify the present demands for educated men and women.

AUTUMN QUARTER BEGINS SEPTEMBER 29 FOR 194849 SCHOOL YEAR.

New freshmen and sophomores begin placement tests and Orientation on September 24.

WRITE FOR CATALOG TOENTRANCE TO EDUCATION BUILDING RIGHAM YOU

'.'as -/ isfiv \y,''

vra"

"Wferfnfi,

'"- J**vS*v -'JiiM WmiJlltfliSiMi

nts;gwwii(iyOOl'W,"lHj|WM

filnsT''-.s;

ARCHITECT'S SKETCH OF NEW SCIENCE BUILDING NOW UNDER CONSTRUCTION AT B.Y.U.

Prepare For Your Future High Educational standards and the allimportant spiritual values are combined here in a university unique among all colleges of the land.

COURSES OF INSTRUCTION Accounting and Business Administration English Modern and Classical Languages

Agricultural Economics Finance and Banking Music

Agronomy Geology and Geography Physics

Animal Husbandry Health, Physical Education and Photography

Art Recreation Political Science

Bacteriology History Philosophy of Education

Bible and Modern Scripture Home Economics Psychology

Botany Radio Broadcasting and Technique

Chemistry Horticulture and Landscape Secondary Education

Church History Journalism Secretarial Practice

Church Organization and Library Science Sociology

Administration Marketing Speech

Elementary Education Mathematics Theology and Religious Philosophy

Mechanic Arts Zoology and Entomology

P"., UtahNG RSITY,

tion that passes without its being done makes it more difficult to do.

What should we gather and record?

Biography; history; records of births,

baptisms, confirmations, ordinations, missions; Church, civic, school, and

business activities; migrations; faithday, and I shall endeavor to write some promoting stories; inspirations; revelathis record, for the tions to individuals; marriages; deaths;Books of Remembrance of these things upon

benefit of my posterity that shall come funeral proceedings; successes and

(Itahcs after me. author's) (Pearl of failures; joys and sorrows—all Price, 1:31.) Abraham

terest that vSu lOavla IK. rooertd Great be can secured—a resumeof inof the activities of each person in the

Centuries later Moses wrote: family should be recorded.

Jeremiah the prophet declared:

And a book of remembrance was kept, Now, assuming that we have our

Therefore, behold, the days come, saith in the which was recorded, in the language Books of Remembrance, are we to the Lord, that it shall no more be said, of Adam, for it was given unto as many as place them on the book shelf there to the Lord liveth, that brought up the chilcalled upon God to write by the spirit of stay? Surely not, for that is not the

dren of Israel out of the land of Egypt; inspiration. (Pearl of Great Price, Moses purpose. A comprehensive course of

But, The Lord liveth, that brought up the 6:5.) lessons should be prepared covering

children of Israel from the land of the north, the things that are written in the books.

and from all the lands whither he had Then Moses quotes Enoch the seventh A family home evening should be ardriven them: and I will bring them again great patriarch from Adam who said: ranged, once each week if possible,

into their land that I gave unto their taking a lesson from the books as a fathers. For a book of remembrance we have part of the evening's program. What

Behold, I will send for many fishers, saith written among us, according to the pattern could be the purpose of such study?

fish Lord, fingerthe shall they the given and and of God; by them; and it is 1 To assist them to become familiar (Ibid., will Iafter in for language. 6:46.) send our hunters, and given many own

they shall hiint them from every mountain, with the origin and history of the and from every hill, and out of the holes... language which was pure and unfamily as far as known and to learn

of the rocks. (Jeremiah 16:1416.) deflled. [Ibid., 6:6.) of the places of interest to the family

places of sacred memory Many other prophets speak of this In the days of the Prophet Joseph 2. To endeavor to show to them

wonderful time. We are living witSmith, Church members were advised wherein the story of the lives of our

nesses of the marvelous fulfilment of to keep autobiographies and family ancestors is in accord with the fulthese prophecies of the gathering of histories. This advice has been reem- filment of the prophecies of the ancient

Israel in our time and the times of our phasized from time to time. Approxiprophets

pioneer progenitors. There has never mately a score of years ago our Church 3. To impress upon them the rich

been anything in the way of the migraleaders advised and urged us to not only heritage that is theirs as is evidenced tion and gathering of the peoples of gather our genealogies or the vital in the blessings they enjoy above all the earth for a common purpose, in statistics, but also to write and prethe peoples on the earth the service of God, to compare with serve the biographies and stories of 4. active adherence encourage an Toit, foretold. the as there prophets Have the lives ancestry of the of and memchildren, the to the the part of on of those records kept properbeen who the bers of our families—especially stalwart, principle those that activated thus gathered? been didhave of When pioneers—to Books keep Rememfaithful pioneers courageous, and andthe to gospel and message them come benefit posterity. the of brance—for in their sacrificing leaders the family of it the delivered?where was was thrilling rich stories. are Who and They

eternal of to cause the great devotion of thebearer under message and what should Books These of Remembrance light truth given has which them andcircumstances? how did and When years a been hundred have commenced its coninsure heritage, such a and to in dithis land?they to come Who families, in they as ago, were many tinuance their forrected journeyings? they Did in those began the work when who

feit or lose any desirable things, and the service of God were living, and 5. To increase our faith in the greatdid they face death in their journeytheir records should have been added est cause in the world.

ings in gathering here? How have they to up to the present time as were the Let us honor our pioneer ancestors

fared since coming? records of father Lehi and his family, with the stories of their splendid lives

It is a strange and wonderful story-—as appears in the Book of Mormon. and achievements. Let us give to them

an individual story—for the experiThe few families who have done this their proper places in the greatest, most

ences of each one are so different. It have preserved some fine and priceless important, and most unique religious

was not like the gathering of Israel things. But how about our family? movement that this world has ever

out of Egypt under Moses. Are the Have we any records, or have our known. In the responsibilities placed

life stories of your pioneer fathers most precious things gone into the upon us relating to our ancestry, the and mothers written? Can you answer grave with those who knew them best? Lord has commanded Diligence. That

the simplest questions above referred It is not too late to begin now. Gather is necessary. Nothing can be accomto, concerning them? all that is possible from every source plished through halfheartedness or inThe "sons of God"have been reand publish it so that every branch of difference. If we neglect this duty

quired to keep records from the earliest your family will have a copy, so that after being admonished to do it, what times. The great Patriarch Abraham in the event a copy is lost or destroyed will be our answer? You say, "Work

wrote there will be others left to the family. while it is day! [for] the night fof

We owe this to our pioneer fathers death] cometh, when no man can

But the records of the fathers, even the and mothers. We owe it to ourselves. work."(John 9:4.) Do it today, for,

patriarchs,... have I kept even unto this We owe it to posterity. Every genera- "there is no tomorrow."

524 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA THIS YEAR the West's widest choice of NEW exterior colors

And ail in tlie

famous FULLER quality!

Repaint your house this year! Never before have

you had such a choice of new colors—never before

such an opportunity for home beautification.

You see, early in 1947 Fuller reviewed the whole exterior color problem—for all types of homes. Choose your Color Plan!

Then, Fuller not only modernized exterior colors ALL WHITE! Fuller's Pure Prepared white stays

gave them more sparkle, more prideappeal; but white—surfacecleans itself as it ages. Always

Fuller opened up a new field of color'planning b)i was, and now is, the West's leading exterior white!

creating twelve new, exclusive exterior accent tones. MODERN COLORS! Now—wew colors with new "upselected Especially for Western Now Fuller gives you finer standard exterior colors'. todateness."

Colors. Paint Pure Prepared living. Twelve

Fuller also gives you an entirely new range of Modern! Six brighter colors in Fultec onecoat

accent tones for distinctive home colorplanning. synthetic finish for sash and trim. Decorative!

And all these new colors are in Fuller's famous Pure DEEP ACCENT TONES! Twelve new, exclusive, styleArchitectural new Tones—Fuller's

accenting greens, adaptable Prepared Paint quality—consistently the West's mindedColors! AccentUseful grays,

colorplanning largest selling house paint. This year—for the reds, gay yellows—your newest

widest color choice, for finer quality, for longer opportunity! Do see them!

paint service—buy FULLER!

NEW BEAUTY FOR YOUR HOME THEIfESDEALERA FULLERNEAR youPAINT

W. p. FULLER & CO. Branches Whenever you

and Dealers Throughout the West needsional a painter.profesFuller will be

glad to help you

AUGUST 1948 525 M.I. A.

Activities throughoot

1. North Jordan Stake M.I.A. music festival presented Folk Songs of Many

Lands. 2. Wilshire Ward, Los Angeles Stake, fouract play, "Little Women."

3. Group of dancers participating in Mt. Ogden Stake dance festival under

the direction of Ronald Driggs, 4. Phoenix First Ward, Phoenix Stake, binding of the ward sheaf Vfith

twentytwo girls.

5. Bishop and Young Men's and Young Women's Mutual presidencies at the

Wilshire Ward, Los Angeles Stake, barn dance.

6. Junior Girls, Bee Hive Girls, and Boy Scouts who took part in Mt. Ogden

Stake dance festival.

7. Junior Girl Chorus of 33rd Ward, Mi. Ogden Stake.

8. Torch Swarm of Benson Ward, East Cache Stake, graduated as Honor

i THE rviPROVEMENT ERA Bees with eight to twelve extra honor badges each. Their teacher, Mrs. Audria

Ballard, took them through the three years of Bee Hive.

9. Safford Ward, Mt. Graham Stake, Gleaner Girls bind their ward sheaf

for the second time.

10. Swarm night honoring nine girls who completed Honor Bee requirements.

11. Queen, attendants, and Prince Charming at Gold and Green Ball,

Needles Branch, California Mission.

72. Queen and attendants of Ermita Branch, Mexico, D. F., at Gold and

Green Ball. Between four and five hundred people were in attendance.

13. Bee Hive Girls and their parents of the American Fork Sixth Ward,

Alpine Stake, at a formal party at which Governor Herbert B. Maw and Mrs.

Maw were special guests.

14. The Roseet Ball held in Kirtland Ward, Young Stake, in which the

Junior Girls and Senior Scouts participated jointly.

AUGUST 1948..

A CHAllENGE TO BETTER SPEAKING (Continued from page 495) and you are helping them through opment, let me offer four suggesits unfoldment. A similar device is

tions: the simple method of chronology.

Proceed in a definite way through lESTEK 1 ".Build.. Fora Wealthof the abundanceo/ Ideas of the mentallythe time soundelement.and Anotherbasic schemefundais

heart his mouth speaketh."(Luke the symbolism of the wheel with its

6:45.) rim, its hub, and its spokes. Every

May I paraphrase the famous adidea under this scheme can be so vice of lago, "Put money in thy beautifully fitted into the whole purse."For our purposes I should structure. Another effective proceexpress it, "Put ideas in thy mind."dure is that of tracing cause and effect. particular device to be The generalso dull as vague Nothing is SPINET is not as important nearly so izations. usually, come, from used They

a lack of preparation, from a lack of the fact that you have really set up searching for concrete, picturesque some kind of effective organization ideas. We need to remind ourselves and that you indicate the steps by

of the outstanding work done in the which you proceed.

University of Chicago jointly by the departments of Speech and Psychol- 3. Develop a Growing Mastery

o[ the Techniques of Speaking ogy: The result—a statement of the

"Factors of Interestingness": the Time forbids an illustration of

vital, the unusual, the uncertain, the particulars under this subdivision.

New as Tomorrow! mate,similar,the theconcrete.antagonistic,These willtheproveanitoLet threeme ratherparticularlydirect yourhelpfulattentionvolQuality of traditional repuhelpful to you as you make speeches umes. All three of them have been

tation! Since 1888 Lester and as you test the effectiveness of used by this great organization, and

has built nothing but the the speeches of others. all three of them will prove of unIf you are called upon to make an usual help to the ambitious student finest of pianos... vet this

address before young people on the of speech: Thy Speech Bewrayeth

new Lester Betsy Ross importance of dreaming dreams, Thee by Smith, So You Want Me

Spinet tops even the known don't resort to mere generalizations. to Give a Speech by Lees, OrganLester high standard of Under such a theme, turn to the ized Thinking [or Effective Speakqualit)'. achievements of particular men who ing by Pardoe.

risen tO'fame. obscurity have from all Fortunately three of I know the Betsy See Ross Spinet fields the of disthe great Dip into I these their men. worth, and know Place Your Order

scientists, NOW..... coverers, the great the the excellence their of sug- I know

Convenient Term*, if you IHte I great teachers, the great farmers, gestions. It will be to your everlastthe great athletes. If you want a ing profit to cultivate them. All that

Lester Pianos are made in simple illustration, turn to the life of I want to say tonight is that as you all popular styles. Spinets Wilfred T. Grenfell in his A Labstudy the volumes referred to, bein three sizes; Grands from rador Doctor, or to Mary Antin's come aware of the possibilities for

the Baby size to the full remarkable The Promised Land. development in such matters as

Concert. Prices start at voice, pitch, diction, pronunciation,

$595.00 2. S&t Up a Compelling articulation, rhythm—"Change of

Organization behavior, name Pace"—posture—bodily

ONE quality Organization to a speech is like a happy illustration.

for the building price plan of a house, or 4. Cultivate Spiritual Warmth

is like It the theme for a symphony.

EASY BUDGET TERMS AVAILABLE is the genius of setting your material It is important that we remember down in such an orderly fashion the admonition of Karl G. Maeser

that your listeners not only may unthat a teacher, or a preacher, should derstand, they must understand. be like a fire, "He should give off

Your organization is like signs along heat as well as light."

the road which point the route to Within the past few weeks it travel. Each man must find what has been my experience to hear two

scheme of organization best suits foreigners: one a Lithuanian, the

his purposes. Let me name you three other a Russian. Both men were deflRST OF ALLKCUABIUTY

or four. Use the simple numerical lighted not only with their escape

scheme-—the one, two, three idea. from those two countries, but also 4547 aiines Through such a simple device you with the glorious opportunity of liv-D MAIN indicate to your listeners that you ing in America. How they could

SALT LAKE CITY f, UTAH have thought your subject through thrill us to the heritage that is ours!

528 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA You good people are workers in the

Church. You teach and preach because of your testimony of the truth.

Your conviction always will carry more weight than the mere technicalities of your speech. You will

persuade as you develop a zeal for For a the truths that you teach. To spread

a spiritual warmth you must feel with a fervor which spreads a conWell- tagion. Remember always that effective appeals speaking only not to Balanced intellect,the it registers in also human

emotion. Feelings always must be a

primary factor in our lives. It is Mindbiologically sound that we are

moved by love and fear and hate.

You will find that you are most effective when you are stirred to therealization of some great truth or WellBalanced Education when you rise to the championship of some great principle. Effective Prospective leaders must be trained for success in their

speech is not merely an exposition occupations and for informed, responsible citizenship. They can

it is a challenge to nobler feeling obtain at Utah State Agricultural College a sound, wellbalanced and to nobler action. Read again education which will fit them to make the highest type of conthe speech of Patrick Henry as he tributions as breadwinners, homemakers, citizens, and leaders.

challenged America to assert her liberty, if you would know the force USAC is located in an ideol bodyTheandswiftfaculty,postwarin laboratorygrowih in equipmentsize oi studentand town Logan,of spiritual warmth. You, too, will college—the buildings enables USAC to offer more and of Temple City Northern

toapproach eloquence It is Utah. city your when a clean oi better training before. than ever are There

churches. homes and stirred being towhole becomes excellent to opportunities for suc- L. S. prepare Institute D. an fineThe of Reissue upon which hinges the welligiousligion providesinstructionsplendidand dere- cess in science, scientific agriculture, engifare of friends or family or country. velopment. neering and technology, teaching, business,

It's a great experience to be genuand hundreds of other careers.

inely stirred to the championship of FALL QUARTER Sixteen hundred courses are offered in the a worthy ideal. You will discover sixty departments of the following Schools:

2325that the spirit of your Heavenly FaRegistration—Sept. Agriculture Forest, Range, and

ther can sustain and magnify you as Quarter Ends Dec.l7 Arts and Sciences Wildlife Managein the engageyou of promulgation ment Commerce WINTER QUARTER truths.his great he bless you May Education Economics Home inspire as 3and undertake you you Registration—Jon. Engineering and School Graduate callings. greatyour Quarter 16 Mar. Ends Technology

For catalog, address the President

With Explorer Scouts Utah State Agricultural Collegeon the Colorado (Continued from page 504) LOGAN betterSaints—themen andobjectstrongerof the LatterdayScout and

Explorer program.

A campfire program two nights THE IMPROVEMENT ERA later at Bryce Canyon turned into a The Voice of the Church'testimony meeting, and each mem12 Issues $2.50

ber of the party emphasized the spiritual values of the trip as the thing that impressed him most.

Eight Explorer Scout expeditions DAIRY BARN EQUIPMENT on the Colorado have now been Reliable manufacturer of cow stalls, IPSE for OVER HRYVEARS completed. Nearly three hundred riers,stanchions,water litterbowls,carriers,and completehay carAids in treatment of Canker, simple

young men and their leaders have line of ventilation desires farmers sore throat and other minor mouth their requirements send in for and throat irritations.made the trip, which is reported to to

estimates. years experi30 Over

be one of the greatest highadven- ence in equipping modern dairy ture experiences which can be had in barns. Agents wanted. Simplex HALL'SSalt Lake REMEDYCity, UtahAmerica today. High adventure? 64.Inc., Marshfield. Wisconsin, Dept.

(Continued on page 530) AUGUST 1948 529 WITH EXPLORER SCOUTS ON THE COLORADO (Continued from page 529) pedition number three. This party

Yes! With five days on the river, ran the river between April 3-11

JhjL someings torapidsmake,tosceneryrun, thrilHngunsurpassed,landmined,this spring.this isAsthefarlargestas cangroupbe deterever

visits to ruins of ancient cliff dwellto navigate this section of the river ings, pictographs, rendezvous with in one party. It was also the largestDESERET memories and stories of pioneers, party of white men ever to visit the

explorers, river runners, scouts, InRainbow Natural Bridge. Ray

dians, and outlaws, new canyons to Hatch was leader, and John L,NEWS explore, sleeping under the stars, Cross was guide.

swimming, hunting for pottery and Twentyfive persons from the Salt arrowheads: all this and more make Lake area and twentyfive from thePRESS the "running"of the Colorado a 3-G council of Arizona and New

rare adventure trip for young men. Mexico made up the second expediThe pioneer Explorer expedition tion this summer. Albert O. Quist,

down the Colorado River was comnow chief executive of the 3-G pleted in early April 1947. The Council, headed the group from

COMMERCIAL party, which consisted ol fortyfour ArizonaNew Mexico. Eldred Hamindividuals, made the trip in eight ilton, Senior Scout commissioner

district boats. Albert rubber then O. Quist, Jordan was from the West AND EDITION field executive of the leader. expedition Salt Lake L. Cross John

Council, of America, guide. Boy Scouts was

leader, expedition Kent and PRINTERS AND was later trips were sponsored Two

BOOK BINDERS tripFrostwasof Monticelloorganized bywasmembersguide. Theof bywasthesponsoredSalt LakebyCouncil,the Utahand Naone

PAPER RULING theE. ( SaltGeneLake) HammondCouncil, isofchiefwhichexec-D. tionalFromParksthe beginningCouncil. every precauutive. The idea grew out of a desire tion has been taken to insure the

to give young men an experience as health and safety of members of part of their summer activity prothe expeditions. Before any group

gram which would be inspirational of Scouts or Explorers makes the and educational as well as adventrip, it must first clear with the local turesome. and national councils who make certain everything is in order.

NE of the early proposals was a The section of river from Hite to pack trip from Escalante tO'Hole Lees Ferry was chosen because in and Social in the Rock on the Colorado. When addition to being rich in scenic

this idea was abandoned in favor of beauties and historical lore, it is the river trip, encouragement was relatively free from rapids and enJtatiuonefi received from some sources, and distirely free from dangerous cataracts.

couragement from other sources. Early explorers had run into diffiThose who were acquainted with culty both above Hite and below

conditions on the river agreed that Lees Ferry, but the portion between safe. here could been considered had always adventure that was an 29 RICHARDS STREET rubber landing elsewhere, barges which not but be had some The

selected the that the thought trip have hazards too were to make were great. proved over over too their worth dangers the many, and and PHONE 4-5521

The fact that eight expeditions conagain. These boats have seven sepsisting of nearly three hundred perarate air compartments, and are consons have made the trip without any sidered by many to be much safer

major accident is a tribute to the on the river than any other type of thought and planning of those who boat.

first worked out the program, as well Safety rules are rigidly adhered as to the leaders who are carrying it to. Each man must wear a life jack-

''EVERYDAY on.The second expedition of thirtythereet all istheno changingtime he isplaceson theor standriver;

of the YEAR six Explorers and leaders made the ing up in the boats; each boat cartrip between May 24 and June 3, ries a life preserver with sixty feet

1 947, and was led by Joe Dyer, field of line; there is no swimming except COVEYiS executive, Salt Lake Council, and in designated sidecanyon areas. On

John L. Cross, both of whom also hikes and side trips all members of

534 SOUTH MAIN made the first trip. Bert Loper of a party remain close together; when

REX McKUN, MGR. Green River was guide. poison ivy areas are entered, each

Fiftyone members comprised experson is painted with tannic acid.

530 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

It is also the practice to have a medical doctor with each party.

Tn spite of all precautions, however, a few emergencies have been encountered. On one trip a boat

capsized when the crew failed to clear a rock. But men in the other

boats quickly picked up the crew and most of the equipment. The

capsized boat was righted, and the crew took it on down the river, wiser, if wetter, from the experience.

Each member of the expedition is assigned to a committee and has a specific responsibility to perform. A

log is kept; the health and safety

rules are enforced; programs, talks,

and stories are given to coincide with points along the river. Plant

and animal life, rock formations, and other aspects of nature are studied.

the inspirational wellbeing And HORIZONS NEW of neglected. the young men is not At The Are Now Realities

Morning and evening group prayers University of Utahhave become traditional, Sunday services are held, and the spirit of A tremendous program of expansion has brought the University the Sabbath is maintained. Possibly oftiousUtahleaders.to the Thevery 194849thresholdyearof horizonsat this greatlong universitysought by willits ambibring

the highlight of the trip is a visit to into being the most comprehensive program ever offered in its

Hole in the Rock, down through long and eventful history.

which the men, women, and children greaterCapable goalsand progressivein these majoreducatorsfields willof theguidenewuniversitycollege programstudents to even of the San Juan Mission passed with Business Education Engineering eightytwo wagons and one thouFine Arts Law Medicine sand head of cattle after spending Nursing Mines and Mineral IndustriesPharmacy months building an unbelievably This impressive list is augmented by these important segments of a comdifficult road through this crack in plete university program the cliff. University College Extension Division

Many Explorer Scout expeditions GraduateGraduateSchool School of SocialSummerWork School will probably be made down, the Make your plans now to enroll for study and training in the new 194849

Colorado River in years to come. school year. Here is the calendar of important opening dates to he circled

fire in idea caught has alreadyThe for action and other achievement tests for Sept. 20—English districts, in wards,many and even freshman.

other councils, and is being talked Sept. 21—Freshman assembly at Kingsbury Hall.

students. of freshman—Registration of as becoming a regional or even a Sept.Sept. all other of students.

classwork. of regular national program. Sept. 2425—Registration2723—Opening

But no matter how popular this summer activity may become, above everything else must project the fact UNIVERSITY OF UTAH that the running of the Colorado is SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH no simple pleasure cruise; that

whether the river is flowing twelve thousand second feet, as it was when one of the groups made the You Can't ALWAYS Plan trip, or over one hundred thousand second feet, as it was when another The FUTURE By the Past I group made it, the trip is potentially dangerous. No expedition down Just because you haven't had a fire is no reason why you vron't.

the river should ever be made withDon't judge the iuture by the past.

out much advance planning, comFire is a constant menace and may visit you any day.

plete organization, adequate leaderInsure your property today and be protected against loss.

Better get your policy while you can.

ship, competent, experienced guide service, clearance with the local and national councils, and strict observUTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE CO.

ance of all the health and safety Heber J. Grant & Co., GENERAL AGENTS, Salt Lake City, Utah

rules which have been established.

AUGUST 1948 531 Leadership and the "YE WHO ARE CAUED TO LABOR"{Continued from page 499) one of the men say he would rather

Needs of Youth he asked. "You try. You no can go into the den of a grizzly bear.

(Concluded from page 494) make."Over and over he said, What do you think. Aunt Rachel?"

Second, youth need a greater "Mormon medicine no hurt Agara- "I don't think I am afraid, but I'll appreciation of their blessings. The poots. You try. You see."be glad to see them back,"admitted

youth of the Church need to count "You will make your own mediRachel. "Jacob says it is the only

said, make cine,"rising. "You Jacob the only bloodshed, to prevent way are somewhat blessings.their We

medicine. You bad your own to be safe. for our children Unpar- respect, wait. way that world inhke the

ticularly the world within the You see."less something is done, Agarapoots

until he has taken aUnited States. We have so much, The next morning the little boy will never rest the oxplaying with been had lost."life has for he the one standwho much. so Our enjoy weand

ill. very before was the day head right, but I can't are "I you know compariis living high by so ofard

son with the rest of the world; and Agarapoots called the medicine help worrying a httle."

his did days he for several man, and it is too,"our work, "Remember, for granted. blessings take ourwe child the dances, but and charms her. husreminded "Our Rachel our do not appreciateSometimes we

American way of life. Sometimes grew worse. Finally Agarapoots bands were called to help civilize the

sure that for was Jacob. He critical of sent people our young findwe on; sickness the brought had Jacob and unfamihar system Americanthe theirs—bigger,Indians, and ourI sometimesjob is as bigthink.as

with its virtues. They have never Jacob could cure it. The only way to cure worry is to

Agarapoots medicine,""Make can't worry, that you so busy keep not do else. They anythingknown to the dying pointing said, for I've got plenty one day."child. and "liberand "freedom"realize what

ty"mean. Help them to appreciate "Poogir This was the Indian word That evening Rachel and Maria

their blessings, and they will ever to describe the administration with were again waiting outside the bless your name for so doing. oil. gates. Finally the men rode up,

child, no had the at Jacob Looking air of cheerfulwith an but weary to need place they third the In told live. it But he could that faith his wife greeted and ness. Jacob never wickedness thatunderstand first; it have washed to father the corral to to check the on on went happiness; will be never or beenhas great the medicine, his did he before Albert with the and of work some of laws the break cannotthat you to children be Indian wanted Father it to for Thales remained so Duane, are there that impunity, withGod washed. trip. their tell of the women eternal heavens in theestablished injury. insult to adding This was file, single along, rode "Well, we hapthat not, and that changelaws thing. such do no would Agarapoots the up. Brother of Jacob most way adjustthrough onlypiness comes child the talked, they while I Almost didn't anything, didn't and say those with in lives harmony ouring died. to do. he planned what When know that also, to know, needlaws. They griefstricken, Agaraand Angry straight to there, he went got we live to cents dollars in andit pays all his had lodge and burned poots wick-i-up walked and Agarapoot's

if person life. a youngthe And good theirs and move burn followers his 'I that said said, heard in you and adhis material of onlyis thinking Tutsegavit and mountain. the to I kill here.'me. That would am you to afford not cannot hevancement, to Jacob. his came of men some chief back, old the took and sort of If Church. the of standardslive the told him. they mad,""Agarapoots being about something he mumbled if they happy, be wouldyouth kill will our blood. wants He "He that Brother kept saying mad. He if they materially, succeedwould kill boy. you say children. He his killed matter boy. Hamblin No then eternally, exalted bewould are kill boy. your he listen, Wehis Now said, wouldn't we so he what life, the live good the mustthey blood."not want afraid. do leave. to Brother got up We when we the of teachings andstandards him,"talk with will "I and go that said brought he had Hamblin

Church. Jacob answered. "Will you come?"up food to eat with the Indians, but

And, last, they will always need "No! No!"Tutsegavit cried. "He only the ones that were not mad

leaders who will win them, hold them, kill you. He said he kill you. There could have any.

and inspire them. We have heard are many warriors with him, and he "You should have seen how they

much about surpluses in this counis mad."gathered around for the food. But

try, but there is no surplus of leadJacob then asked the white men Agarapoots did not come out of his ership, of leaders who can win the if any would care to go. When all wick-i-up. He looked sick to me.

youth of Zion and who can hold the others hesitated, young Thales The others will all be friends."

their interest and inspire them to Haskell stepped forward. That night Tutsegavit took Jacob

live the good life. "I guess I'm your man,"he volaside,

God help us to measure up to the unteered. "You make medicine to have

standards of the Church in our perAgarapoots die,"he begged. "Him

kill.sonal lives, that we may demand the "Parly the next morning the two heap mean. Him want alletime

inspiration of our Heavenly Father men set out for the Indian camp. You pray him dead.''

as we go forward to inspire the As they rode horseback up the It was useless to try to tell Tutseyouth of the Church, and provide ridge, Maria and Rachel stood at gavit that he could not pray Agaratheir needs. Then our Mutual the gates of the fort. poots to death, so firm was his conMemories will ever be pleasant and "I hate to see Thales go on this viction. So when Agarapoots sickhappy ones. trip,''Maria confessed. "I heard ened and died, it was impossible to

532 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

make the natives believe that Jacob the leaves sprawling on the ground GREYHOUND had not killed him. in discouraged abandon. In a mesquite tree a locust sang shrilly; a

greater problem even an Coon of shelter the scurried from hzard TOURS in itself. water presented The it ginanother, to where one bush tours inAmazing America up. dried the creek the During had another foot up held gerly and one transportation, clude hotela, trickle small night sometimes a came sand. the burning from indisightseeing for...

it itself lost fort to the before nearly the against cried heart out viduals or His groups.

in the sand, but during the day the injustice oi it all. This crop which

several to have walk would women the confidence and much, so meant SOUTHERN in creek search miles the dry bed up friends trust Indian the of had who 53.80 CALIFORNIA $ in bucketful standing of some a lose they with worked them—must pockets. rock then protected Even

it all? to here do come had They PACIFIC 73.10 dip to a have they cup gourd must COAST...$

"I, will. Lord, the bound God's am

it for there never out with, would I say; but what do when ye be when

fill place could they a brass where a I say, no NEW YORK CITY....$118.35 not have ye what ye do

with rock bucket one dam dip. The promise."How often Jacob had

futility as if barren mocking stood in PACIFIC that repeated! heard

their labor; ditches the long, empty "I will pray,"he told the chief. "I NORTHWEST $ 69.75 foolishof men's an outline seemed

will rain."for ask God ness who would presume to settle in As Jacob started back toward this desert. HISTORIC EAST $164.20 Pine Valley, he could see far up

Jacob had moved his sheep and among the ledges the smoke of the (Add transportaUon tax) cattle up to the Mountain Meadows

For FREE FOLDERS, visit or wrltm grazing, and for summer now took cloudmedicineand man,bring tryingrain. to make a

in live to children Rachel and the wrought much up "I was in my GREYHOUND the during the box hot wagon feelings,"in his journal. recorded he TRAVEL BUREAU weather; others of the men had There is no doubt that he prayed

moved farther up the creek where earnestly, prayed to exhaustion. West Temple and South Temple Streets

they could get water. What happened is one of the things Phone 4-3646 Salt Lake City

When Jacob came back to the beyond explanation. Deep answered

fort, he met Tutsegavit. The faithunto deep. In some very certain way ful chief had come with his grievJacob knew that he was heard; from

ances. out of the Infinite he received the "What's-a matter?'he began. peace that passeth understanding.

"Medicine man tell you Tonaquint Buoyed up in spirit, he went on his (the Indian name for the creek) way. IlilililliK,:,

die. will Indian say No! No! You the at he arrived camp, When

rain, corn,plant send Shanob his at you Rachel cheerfulwondered say. Indian plant corn. Now no ness.

Doctors that for agree physiallrain. water. dead. Tonaquint No at are things the "How fort?"she cal and mental development in children winter? I feed myHow firf the the it year is immost eagerly. asked rained?""Has

straight. no talk men say Jacob in child's life.My a year it will. yet, but Don't ask portant "Not

This that extra spemeans too. tongue, forked gotHe

it. wait about see."What me Just and cial care be taken must to say?"you

insure proper development very next rain a gentle day The "Maybe rain will come,"Jacob began to fall. The creek was filled antthroughoutyear. this allimport-began.

their water, needs. ample for take This is why we such "No. No rain this moon. I send with

in care the his Tutsegavit At once and band scrupulous medicine to mountain up manmy prorain, to were warm in their praise of Jacob. duaionMilk, theof evaporatedSpecial Morningmilk get but he say cloud andmake

not bring Did he this good rain? He that so doctors many recomno rain this moon. Jacob pray to

for baby's mend formula. quick. medicine, made good

rain."God. he sendMormon Mebbe carefully control We each their well. year crops That did

step, from said. the worry,""Don't Jacob He journal that says Jacob's they had production to farm grocer; your and we thatdid not dare promise there

extra add vitamins and "the greatest production of the earth A D in the be waterwould Tonaquint, in just right the to amount I that saw.''ever writZadoc Judd, help insure properbut did promise, bone he and children "Your

ing of the same year, told what an tooth development.will not starve."

Be glad when your harvest doctor had, they the abundant how for rain,"pray Tutsegavit "You prescribes Special Morning vines squash cottonclimbed the

Milk forinsisted. first your baby's to pray "You Mormon

trees, the squash and hung wood year! hearGod. Jacob. Mormon God You

like giant fruit the from branches, pray?"how the cotton yielded beyond beJacob looked about with a heavy lief. It seemed at last that their callheart. The dry leaves on the corn was justified, that God had set therattled; the wilted centers oi the

his approval stamp of stalks drooped. stems of the The upon their imiii collapsed,squash leaving vines had be concluded {To

AUGUST 1948 533 THE EDITOR'S PAGE [Concluded from page 489) it was that this should be done, but are newly appointed and who will have spoken today, how proud I he did not stop there. He also said, be sustained during the conference

am of our young people. "Feed my lambs."It is our opporwill be filled with confidence in their

Within the last month or two vistunity to take these children, after hearts that they can do just as well

Iitors have told me that they are they are twelve years of age, into as those who preceded them, and amazed at the number of young peo- M.I.A. and teach them the things am sure they will.

ple in our communities who can ithat will enrich their lives and make This is the Lord's work, it is only them desire with all their hearts to one department of it, but it is his>stand on their feet and express themselves in an interesting way. carry on as members of the Church and I feel as I think you must feel,

And that is one of the privileges of of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints. that it is a privilege to be identified

this great organization, to teach our We are just beginning a great with an organization such as this, boys and girls to> have a command conference. This will be rememthat is intended to develop the youth

of language and of themselves and bered I am sure by all of us as long of Zion and encourage them so that an understanding of the truth, and as we live. Think how privileged they will grow up to be real men

then, as opportunity offers, to share we are to come intO'this famous and real women—not makebelieves

that truth with other people. building, into the house of the Lord—and that they will bring credit to

Today we have heard a remarkand enjoy the companionship of one our Heavenly Father to the end another listen then to to the and that, proare with through our when weable Sister address. Ruth Fox, May has outlined gram that been for in mortality to here the and go the workwhile the in she is not youngest one

I year. coming to this take want will side, beother us he welcomeour midst, does a marvelous make

address, and you can all hear her, opportunity to thank those who have cause of what we have done; he will

worked so hard tO'make this poswelcome us for feeding his lambs, asher voice is so clear. She always has

for our other accomplishsomething to say that is worth resible. Sister Cannon, whom you well as

have heard, and her counselors, and ments, for keeping ourselves as wemembering. I wonder if you know

the general board of the Y. to being a ought worthy of be, and W.that is ninetyfour she onehalf and

the officers, fornot A., and M. I. celestial in the place kingdom; andyears young. her stand up To have

and address us in this great building getting one especially who has been then have him say to us, "Well... thou good and faithfulso that we could all hear, I think is faithful all these years, one who has done

marvelous. She is always faithful; traveled all over the Church: I servant: thou hast been faithful over

speak of Sister Clarissa Beesley, a few things, I will make thee ruleras soon as she is called upon to do who has been one of the faithful over many things: enter thou intosomething, she performs in a way so

of the organization members and the joy of thy Lord."(Matthew arethat we

has always ready tO'been all grateful to her and who do 25:21.)love for it. her

thing the that wanted. These was

I this will exthat the pray be I all like think to you would know sisters always have teamwork. done

I all us. that of of perience hope ofsomething she has what been do- I line the others cannot to go down long distances those have come who Iing besides work, M.I.A. I and I am that mention, might but am this at here convention to be may tO'tell isgoing you. the of She mother of speaking those served have who filled their result of as a with joy be children,twelve has and fortytwo I for long. so the thank marvelthem that the time and coming whengrandchildren, seventy greatgrand- that they the ous carried have way doi return they to so comes maychildren, four greatgreat- and of the program M.I.A. have They that in carry with safety them and total of hunone to they done have what been askedgrandchildren—a spirit helpof love kindness and and twentyeight.dred think and Just this do, at period the of and now fulness, refinement, education, and it! isof yet she standing here And history M.I.A., of the they have

is that part of to culture a M.I.A. like atoday facyoung her woman, released of with been because honor

cities various the and and townsulties perfectly. operating an fine What the things they have done and

in villages which they and homes is that to sheexample marvelous fact that others the to to ought begin live inin that they the end be mayposterity is that of hers on! coming this responsibility carry instead of

struments for blessing others as they

Sister Fox has surely set us an those who have been carrying it so have been blessed.

example. She began her activity in long. I congratulate you that you

the Church at four years of age, and had such a fine general board of I pray that the Lord may bring has been carrying on ever since, and Y.W.M.I.A. during the years that peace to this land of ours and to the

alreadytoday gave us an opportunity to join have passed. I hope that those who other nations. We have

with her in this great Tabernacle in been told that it will only come on singing the hymn, "Carry On."the basis of righteousness. Let us

That is good advice to any of us. BALM be among those whose names will be

not only in our Church affairs, but By Dorothy Marie Davis recorded as righteous and be helpalso in rearing our families and T LIKE the lulling summer sound ful in bringing that peace to the training them so that they will go to Of a lawn mower purring round and world. If we will do that, we will

roundChurch. have happiness here in mortality and As turns grow shorter. With a nish

When he was upon the earth, the The last is done, and sprinklers gush joy throughout the ages of eternity,

I pray that it may be so, in theSavior advised his apostles, "Feed ThenThese settleare soundsdown liketo huma watchman'sand hush.bell: and

my sheep."He saw how important "Peace... peace! All is well!"name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

534 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

MUIEK OF ZARAHEMIA

(Continued from page 507) nounced their approach, and then the prisoner heard the rattling of "If you will be so good as to keys and the grating of bars. Thestate your problem."

ponderous door swung slowly back.

TlULEK explained that he was inTwo men stood in the dim passageterested primarily in three way. One was Zeniff, the guard of

things: his mother's affairs, his own the day; the other was Shiblon, the

property and its status under the missionary and prophet!

law, and whether he himself stood in any likelihood of regaining his freedom. Cezoram studied a long TLTulek's reception of the prophet

time before replying. He had Shiblon, though it lacked little

known something of Mulek's life, in courtesy, was anything but a PRICELESS one. hardly fail could Heand what he knew did not reassure warm IT NEED YOU to WHEN

his latest with meeting rememberhim. substitute for insurThere is no

"It is very difficult,"he began. the missionary. Nor was he pleased ancewill.you.. haveand whenit? youDon'tneedtakeIt,

.. Kolob. in- "Please speak frankly. I am to have Shiblon see his reduced cirsurechancesand withbe sure!costlyYourlosseslocal

specialist insurance is anaware that my position is in the last cumstances so in contrast with his Agent... consult frequently himdegree precarious, but we shall not former magnificence. insurance needs change. as your

improve it by refusing to see it as His face grew hard at sight of the RESENTATIVESMore than 300 KOLOBserve REPall it IS. unexpected visitor, and he remained sectionsMontana andof Nevada.Utah, Idaho,

"My hesitation arose not from staring, so lost was he in memories A GENERAL INSURANCE fear of plain speech,"the man of and speculations. Franlt AGENCYSalisbury, Mer.

law answered, "but from unwilling- "May I not enter?"Mulek shook

ness to speak without more knowlhimself out ol his abstraction and edge. It will be necessary for me to apologized for his seeming rudeness.

reexamine the law on certain points "There is no man living I had less before I can advise you."expected to see,"he said in explana-

"Please be so good as to do so as tion. 330 Judge Bldg. Phone 4-8451

soon as possible."After the visitor "That I can readily understand,''

had gone, Mulek went back to the the prophet replied, "but do not miswindow where he gave himself understand my coming, nor misinagain wholly to musing. He knew terpret my motives, as I have feared

that his interest in things was rethou mightest be likely to do. I have

turning though he could not deternot come to mock nor to reproach mine just what it was that had thee, but to help thee if I can."

stimulated him. As he thought about "Why, what can you do?"Mulek

the possible future, he was condid not mind that he was short in fused and uncertain. He was sure his manner. "I lack nothing in the

he would not go back to his old way way of physical comforts that one in of life even if he should have the my place might hope to have. I seek

opportunity. Just what he would do, no company. What is there else?

he could not tell. His black melanCan you, perhaps, unsay the words

choly was growing upon him, inyou spoke when last we met?"

creased by uncertainty. He realized "Nay, Mulek, they were not my

Ithat he was going through a period words—nor were they idle ones.

of crisis, not political or social, but can no more recall them than thou a spiritual, emotional one. Where it canst retract thine own."

would lead him or what would come The prisoner turned irritably, and of it, he could not so much as guess. as he stood against the window,

$4.50 in at the change marveled sunk into had one of Shiblon day heOne 408 Pages that he beUeve hard to him. It was Illustrated Magniticently spellshis dejection, of gloomy

over his dreary prospects, when he was the same man! He was so tall

thoughtful. thin, so silent and and talkthatbecame aware there was

then, of such great JACOB HAMBLIM words, "Are cell.ing in the his outside passage

He heard bustling and footsteps consequence?"Mulek asked. Buckskin Apostle

and knew someone was coming to "Yea, words are mighty to bless by PAUL BAILEY see him. It had been long since he and to condemn, but thoughts and er "Jacobihan. heHamblin'sknew..winning.. Forwasvrhotgreat-he

did what he beyond still."actions far greater are seen the outside routine anyonehad is this in honored wasbook."—St.'called'toLouisdo, well believe, but to hePostDispatch. I might "That it dull existence!of his could Who

call cannot purpose? what If webe? PRESS WESTERNLORE shall the hardly words, how There was a deferential knock back we p. Angeles 41 O. Box 73 Los

with which the guards always an-, ( Continued on page 536

AUGUST 1948 535

MUIEK OF ZARAHEMIA

(Continued from page 535) Mulek that his mother's affairs were lion in one instance. It is strongly

make our performances of no efsettled. suspected that you were likewise acfect?""Touching the matter of your tive at another time in fomenting

"Mulek, my friend, why dost thou property,"he went on, "I have to revolution. All this is the more grave

shun me?''Shiblon leaned forward advise that it is still technically in view of present conditions."

it awaits Mulek, flushed and saddened,in his earnestness, lines of worry on yours. The disposition of

his face. "None can be more sorry the time of your trial. Meanwhile moved about his cell.

for thee than I am. I would give or you are free to use such of it as is "You are right, friend,"he obdo anything to help thee."No one needed for your sustenance while served. "I can blame no one but

could have resisted the man's sincere you remain in confinement."myself. Nor is there any way in

I can give proof of my goodwords and manner. "Is there no indication as to when which

trial?"intentions. O Cezoram, I do love Mulek was shamed. "Forgive my my case may be brought to

I cannot givefretfulness. It is only that I am be- "None whatever. All are now this priceless land! If

its preservawildered and know not what to much too busy for these matters. my poor strength to

think or do."The very nation is now threatened, tion, there is at least no reason why

"That I can well beheve."and universal needs must take premy resources may not be utilized for

cedence over personal consideraits security. Please do not deny me

Chiblon rose and laid his hands on tions."this. Go at once and make the necMulek's arms, looking the man Mulek remained silent so long the essary legal arrangements. All that

in the eyes. "Does not this very unvisitor thought he must be forgotten. I have I gladly give to my country,

if what I am is too poor ancertainty cause thee to think upon "Do you think,"he said at length, even that which is not transient, which "there is any chance that the govoffering."

does not result in bewilderment, but ernor might pardon me and let me Cezoram, aflFected as he had not rather confidence? Is it that loss of take an active part in the struggle thought to be, weighed the proposal

station and wealth are mortal?"for freedom?"in silence, and turned to go.

life,"he declared, "How can I say? I do not know Though he was embarrassed, he "Never in my

the extent of my loss. A man may faced his lawyer without flinching. "have I seen a situation Hke this. It

hang by a root; and if it sustains Cezoram returned his look with will demand careful study and re-

I promise that I shall do allhim, it is enough. When it no longequal directness. The other had not flection.

er bears him up, a bridge is not adehesitated to bring the subject up; no in my power to do as you have bidquate."more could he sidestep it. He den me do'. Is there anything else in

Shiblon could see that he was smiled, though somewhat forbidwhich I can be of service?"

dispirited with a weariness not alone dingly. "Later, perhaps. You have been

of the body, and, being a wise man, "Your record is not one to inspire most kind,"and Mulek turned back he decided to leave at once lest he confidence,"he pointed out bluntly. to the window.

( To be continuedstir the other unduly. "You overtly supported the rebel-

"I have much to do,"he said. "I

will leave thee something to read after I am gone. If at any time I can THE GENERAL BOARD OF THE Y.W.M.I.A.

be of any service to thee, I shall hold {Continued [ram page 496) is a graduate of the Normal Departthee but as a poor friend not to acshe has served as a member of the ment of Brigham Young University.

quaint me with it."Riverside Stake Sunday School After her family moved to Salt

"I thank you heartily."board in charge of teacher training Lake, she was Junior and Gleaner

"Goodbye. If I may, I shall call work. She has been assigned to leader as well as president of the

again."serve on the Junior and Camping Liberty Stake Y.W.M.I.A. board.

"By all means do so."committees of the general board of She was called to the general board

After Shiblon's departure Muthe Y.W.M.I.A.. A graduate of the in 1944, on which she has been

lek sat in deep study. He was all at L.D.S. Business College, she served chairman of the Junior committee,

once astounded at the realization as secretary to Dr. Adam S. Benthe committee which she will still

that religion had meant nothing to nion when he was superintendent of head under her new appointment.

him, that he had lived so long withthe Church schools, as secretary in She is the wife of Tracy Y. Cannon,

out having given it a serious the office of the Council of the director of the McCune School of thought. Was there after all someTwelve, and is at present secretary Music and Art, whom she married

thing in all this talk about spiritual in the office of the First Presidency. in the Salt Lake Temple. She is at

satisfaction? He was sure of one the present time secretary to the

thing: he would not tuxn his back rAROh H. Cannon has had much General Music Committee.

upon anything or anyone that could experience in the various deoffer relief from his present gloom. partments of the Mutual, both in a "\7iRGiNiA F. Cutler has had wide

He glanced at the book Shiblon had ward and in a stake capacity. She academic experience in Utah,

left, but he did not touch it. served as ward secretary. Junior California, and New York, receivleader, drama director, counselor, ing her B.S. degree from the U. of

TThat same day the lawyer Cczoand president of a ward in Utah U., her Master's degree from Stanram returned. He lost not a moStake; acted as secretary to the ford, and her Ph.D. from Cornell, in

ment in preliminaries. He assured stake board of the same stake. She addition to attending the Vassar

536 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA College Institute of Euthenics durUniversity, where she also teaches ing two summers on an A.A.U.W. classes in religion. Formerly she

scholarship, awarded to her and her taught in the elementary schools.

two sons. She was also awarded She served for three years as a

scholarships and fellowships for her W.A.V.E. in the U.S. Navy and aswork at the other universities she sisted the British War Relief durhas attended. She married R. Garr ing World War II. She was called

Cutler in the Salt Lake Temple, who to the general board in 1947 and died two and a half years later. Dr. served on the Bee Hive, Camps,

Cutler has taught home economics and Speech committees. She has

in Utah high schools and in Calibeen appointed to serve on the Bee fornia. She was a member of the Hive and Camps committees by Sisstaff of the University of California ter Reeder.

Agricultural Extension Service for six years and is at present head of riLADYS E. Harbertson of Ogden,

the home economics department at Utah, obtained her education in the University of Utah. She has also the schools of Ogden and was gradbeen active in the Church, serving uated from Weber Academy, doing

as Bee Keeper, chorister, and ward special work at the Utah State Agripresident, as stake Gleaner leader cultural College and at the Univerand in the stake presidency of the sity of Utah, Salt Lake City. She

Y.W.M.I.A,, and as class leader in taught home economics at Weber Today's Biggest

the Sunday School. In Gridley Academy for four years. Her

Stake of California she served on Church work has been in the Sunthe genealogical committee. She also day School, Y.W.M.LA., and ReBargain is

assisted in California in founding lief Society, both in a ward and a branches of the Church in Chico stake capacity. She was married to

in the Salt James M. Harbertson to the general Called and Colusa. Electric Service have two Lake Temple. They in 1 947, served she has on the board

Gleaner committee. Her new assigndaughters. She has served as stake

ment is chairman of the Special Inpresident of the Y.W.M.I.A. boards

terest committee. of the Weber and the Mount OgIt costs so little

den stakes during which time the and does so muchpUTH H. Funk was graduated purchase was made of Camp Lafor girls mondi, home a summer the University from of Utah at in the territory we thouwhere Canyon, North Fork in mar-, with a major music and was

ried the same year in the Salt Lake sands of Mutual girls have enjoyed serve.

Temple to Marcus C. Funk, now a a happy summer experience. Called

practising dentist in Salt Lake City. to the general board in December

They are the parents of two daugh1937, Sister Harbertson has served on the Adult, Junior, Bee Hive, ters. She has been engaged in

committees. She and Dance Camp, M.I.A. work almost continuously

Sister as UTAH POWER will serve under Reeder since 1936, in Salt Lake City, Chithe chairman of the Bee Hive and cago, and in Washington, D. C.

She served in the presidency of the Camps committees. LIGHT CO. Chicago Stake. Y.W.M.I.A. She lARBA C. JoSEPHSON Is a graduate &

was made a member of the general of the University of Utah and board in August 1947, and served has done graduate work both at that on the music and Junior committees. institution and at the University of She has been appointed chairman of California. She began her Church the music committee as her new aswork at the age of twelve when she

signment on Sister Reeder's board. started teaching in Religion Class. Skilled Hands

active that she has Since time been Mean Higher Pajr stake the serving the Irene Hailes has come up all the in on Church, way in the Mutual. She has boards of Sunday School, Religion

served as ward and stake president Class, and Primary, and teaching in as well as stake Gleaner supervisor. the various departments of the MuWhile in the service during the war tual and Sunday School. Married Quish training boa

years, she acted as branch president to Newel F. Josephson (now dejsands.paid dividendBStudentsto thoure-

in the Pasco. for the Y.W.M.I.A. in the Salt Lake ceased) Temple, ceiveunder intensive training in branch, Oklaan Washington five children, of mother she is the

homa branch, and in the Livermore, four sons and one daughter. She

California, branch. A graduate of engaged in teaching in high school

the University of Utah, she is doing and university until 1935 when she graduate work at Brigham Young (Concltided on page 538)

AUGUST 1948 537 THE GENERAL BOARD OF TBE Y.W.M.I.A.

(Concluded from page 537) served as Gleaner leader for ten latter position and within three was appointed associate editor of years on the Mount Ogden stake months was called to the general

The Improvement Era, a position board, from which position she was board. In 1945, she took a year's

she now holds. Called to the general called into the presidency of the leave of absence in New York to

board in 1 935, she served as a memsame stake as activity counselor study not only dancing but also corber and later chairman of the Junior where she served for four years. rect posture, comportment, and percommittee, chairman of the Special She has worked in the Primary and sonality development. At present

Interest committee at the time that the Rehef Society in Ogden also. she manages a readyto-wear store,

department was instituted in the She has been assigned to the Glean- a field in which she has spent fifteen

Mutual, and chairman of the recreaer committee of the general board. years. Brother and Sister Yates

tion committee and on the drama have one son. She has been desigcommittee. Her new assignment is Cara D. Yates has served for nated chairman of the dance comchairman of the speech committee. twentyone consecutive years in mittee on the general board.

the Y.W.M.I.A. Twenty years as

ofTeannette Morrell Ogden, assistant to her husband, C. of the general Vern These members

* Utah, completed her secondary Yates, as district ward, stake, and strong board testimonies all have of school education in Ogden, after dance instructor. In addition to this the divinity of the gospel and are

which she studied music and Gerassignment she has been Junior and eager to do their part in helping man in Berlin, Germany, for one Gleaner leader, as well as president promote the gospel cause among the year. She then attended Weber of the Gleaners, ward president for young women of the Church. The

College and was graduated from four years, and stake president of Young Women's Mutual Improvethe University of Utah, obtaining the Twin Falls Stake for six years. ment Association should progress

both her Bachelor's and her MasWhen she moved to Salt Lake in under their wise, prayerful leaderter's degrees. She has taught 1947, she was released from the ship.

French, Enghsh, and German in Ogden, and is now teaching German at Weber College. She served

as translator of German and French WHY KEEP THE SABBATH DAY HOIY?

for the F.B.I, at Washington, D.C. (Concluded from page 497) Christ said, "It is lawful to do

Always interested in dramatics, she wards I can reread that passage of good on the Sabbath."And so I

played the lead in a civic oneact scripture that lingered in my mind think of Sunday as a day to do tournament with the F.B.I, entry or look further into the subject things for other people even as

which won first place as well as a studied in class. If it weren't for Christ did, a day when I can reply

medal for the best individual perthe Sabbath, I doubt if I should ever to those who say, "Will you?"

formance for Sister Morrell. She find time for this necessary and in- "Yes! gladly!"

also played the lead in the cententeresting study.

nial play, The Pride of the Market, I look forward to the Sabbath as Most important of all, Sunday and has been active in the summer a day when I can enjoy the comprovides an opportunity to honor theater movement in Ogden. panionship of those whom I love. God's priesthood. As a teacher in

Her Church activity has centered Often during the busy week we do the Aaronic Priesthood, I have in the Sunday School and Mutual. not take the time to be to each other learned, partly, the magnitude and

She served on the Sunday School the things that members of a family beauty of the priesthood's power, stake board of the Mount Ogden should be, but when Sunday comes, and it is my desire to honor the

Stake for three years and taught there is the time and opportunity to priesthood which I hold, tO'grow it, to magnify it andSunday School and Mutual in talk with one another, discuss our and develop in

Washington, D. C. She also served plans and dreams, and strengthen thus be endowed with greater reas Gleaner leader in her own ward. each other with encouragement and sponsibility, greater trust, and

She has been named chairman of enthusiasm. greater power until I hold the keys

the drama committee, The Sabbath is, above all things, of an elder and the power to admin- a day of rest. Sometimes when I am ister unto a family which, someday,

Q.LADYS D. Wight of Ogden, discouraged it seems that time I hope and pray, may be my blessing. Utah, was graduated from Snow stretches out—an eternity of workNormal College and engaged in and monotony—but if I merely Why then do I want to keep the

teaching in her birthplace, Wales, think of Sunday, new hope and Sabbath? Because of the rich assoUtah, until her marriage in the Manti strength come. The Sabbath shines ciations it affords with friends and

Temple to Reed J. Wight, now a invitingly ahead, arrayed in the family, the spiritual inspiration that

member of the Mount Ogden Stake guiding truths of the gospel, beckthe day's experiences bring, and the

High Council, They are the parents oning on to the reward that can be great opportunity for learning which of two children, a son and a daughreached through them. it provides; because it is a day of

ter. She began her Church activity Service is one of the most imservice, and a day when God's

as a teacher in the Y.W.M.I.A. in portant things in our lives. In it lies priesthood can be honored and

her home ward and taught in the the key to true happiness. Sunday magnified, because the Sabbath,

same organization both in Los Anis one of the richest providers of kept, is a wonderful oasis in life's geles and in Ogden. Later she service that can be found anywhere. desert.

538 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA That I might continue in faith, always keep the Sabbath day holy, live of the in worthinessand blesspJffis the ftcnic Complete it bringsings prayer. is my humble

Sandwiches made with Wby Keep the Sabbath Royal Table Queen Bread >?eil

Day Holy? are temptingly delicious

(Concluded from page 497) and nourishing. They help

Another small band of people, to make a feast out of any fighting for religious freedom, was able to possess the wealthiest land picnic.

on the earth—was able under the

ments—theinspiration ofDeclarationGod, to writeof docuInde-

Constitution the andpendence of liMatyqiirfoocei of America, docuStatesthe United ments that helped form American Proudly produced by democracy, a government envied by ROYAL BAKING COMPANY i ENRICHEDmen, rulers, nations all over the Salt Lake City and Ogden world. These humble people who with Vitamins and iron

formed our American democracy remembered the Lord's day. They

kept it holy! Why shouldn't I? Because of them I am able to live under Plan to enroll now for

the stars and stripes—a flag that

each time it waves spells freedom! Business Training

But I have to do my part, too, to insure that freedom, I, too, must keep Fall Term begins Sept. 6, 1948, at

the Lord's commandments, and by living the Lord's commandments set L. D. S, Business College

an example for others to follow.

How can I expect my younger The fall term offers many opportunities. New classes in shorthand, accounting, typing, character

sister to "livebrothers the and Sabeducation, others will begin the Tuesand many

I fail? I rightbath"if have What Day. Labor day following

to hope and pray that some day I may become a mother, like my own, L.TheD. recordsS. Businessof moreCollegethan training60 yearspays.prove thatteaching my children the Lord's

commandment if I now heed it not? Special rates for returned missionaries

My question had been answered: Write for free literature

By living the Sabbath, my life will be that much richer, and I will accomplishpath—followingmore by thetakingLord'sthe bettercom- L. D. S. Business College

mandments, and more important 70 North Main Salt Lake City Tel. 3-2765

"Remember the sabbath day, to keep it holy"is a commandment of

God. Therefore, it is right!

always the have we May courage LANKERSHIM HOTEL IWE OrfER...

7th BROADWAY say,to against observ- "No"wrong COMPLETE A BATES MODERATE SERVICE is of ENGRAVINGance the Sabbath in Los Anaelei Headquarters S. my L D. prayer. ';I Operator R. WISHON. FRANK Portraits to tha Largest Missionary From

Maflaoer H. 'BECKETT. RAY Catalogues.

[ Mail Orders Given Prompt Attention LOS ANGELES

ONE CHARGE"A FAMILY SONG I UTAH ENGRAVING CO. TWO PERSONS

By Matxrine Jacobs 113 Regent St. Salt Lake City, Utah

'T'he sky's ablaze with stars tonight.

-'(Have I made John's bed just right?)The sleepy birds have gone to rest. Public Speaking

at theory sandwiches does(What Ruth homeexpeSDare andThenfundamentals best?) The Improvement and adpractice. Era inLearnrience nameactual acquireSend andtime. quiet soothes gardenThe my likenerves. booklet, free for Interesting dress "Power

(Is it for time yet preserves?) obligation. plum PreSpeech."of Effective No

for unahle especially to those pared Price, New Features New sing leaves out with breeze.The every lessons In personal publlo take

(Oh, dear, did I hear Baby sneeze?) speaking.

coolness to has clearThe begun 139C DepL AMERICAN SEHOOL. NORTH my head. 12 Issues $2.50

III. Ave., 5, So. Michisan 1318 Chieaio"Yes, in John, I'm to bed."coming

AUGUST 1948 539 FAITH IS A SHORT CUT ting little or no sleep for many Here's what he said: "The hours

(Continued [com page 505) nights, often with disastrous results. would sometimes sHp by at my desk,

excellent position waiting for her Nora said she had slept. "Not, and I would pick up my study notes

and felt that she could not afford to perhaps, quite as much as usual but much later than I intended. I would

delay her graduation. Because the nearly. I did not feel that I wanted read my study notes once. Then

mistake had been in the office, the to risk a weary mind and body at on rereading them certain parts college gave her the privilege of this time. But I worked hard and would stand out just as if they had

taking the language course in semiprayed hard. I asked for a retenbeen written in darker ink. Invarinar fashion and crowding what tive mind and the power to concenably I would discover the next

normally would have been two quartrate, and I received both."Here morning that the material so'marked

was spiritual efficiency. the night before—the material I hadters work into about six weeks—if

she could "make it.''She made it. In order for Bert to go'to college been impressed to study, was the

"How?"I asked. I knew that the he worked part time on a magazine. basis for the examination."

work had been added to an already and inevitably page proof or galleys When I added up these experiheavy program. I also knew several would come the night before an exences and others I had known, it all

students who had "crammed"getamination—and had to be read. sounded so simple that I wondered

why anything ever goes wrong for couldn't—everyany of us. I wonderedtime we foundwhy ourwe

selves in a bad move situation—just

easily and quickly out, by faith.

As I wondered, it seemed to me there were three things to remember in building powerful and effective faith: first, that you have to feel CAN YOU QUALIFY worthy; second, that you have to

feel that the need is great—far beyond your own immediate powers FOR DIVIDENDS ON to fill; and third, that you must be

willing to accept whatever answer or help is given you even if it isn't HRE INSURANCE exactly what you had in mind—even

if it isn't easy or simple or apparentIf your property is well ly satisfactory.

maintained and sound, Sometimes it's hard to feel chances are good that it worthy. We say we'll do "our best,"

can qualify as a "preferred but few of us, if any, really do. We

risk"for this better, low get ourselves into difficulties of our cost, modem insurance. own making because we have been

It's decidedly worth findcareless or lazy—if not worse. And

ing out about. we ask to be extricated when we

know we don't merit this rescue.

And this feeling of unworthiness sometimes defeats the exercise of faith.PRESENTPOLICYHOLDERS5A VING15%

General's "preferred risk"plan is saving thousands And yet, we cannot always be too of smart homeowners 15% on the cost of their fire sure. We cannot always judge ourinsurance. General's policy of careful selection of selves any more satisfactorily than

risks and rejection of bad ones makes these savings we can judge others. Sometimes, to

possible. Enjoy savings security. and Gensurprise, learn our of our we eral is one of the largest capital stock fire Father's great tendermercy and insurance companies in the GENERAlworld. for Write

all to ness of his children notby his full details.

toodeserved kindness to ourselves.

And this mercy encourages us to - MAIL THIS COUPON TODAY

GENERAL OF AMERICA COMPANIES trythis continuouslytrying buildsto befaith.worthy.FastingAnd Salt Lake City 1, Utah

Suite 4, Excelsis BIdg. 8 West 2nd South Street strengthens faith in many ways, and

Tell me about your "Preferred Risk"fire insurance policy. I one of its most important ways is

understand this inquiry does not obligate me in any way. by increasing our sense of worthiMy Name ness.

Mail Address Then, too, occasions rarely arise when we cannot do a great deal for Phone ourselves. Anne and and Jim Nora is This NOTE: advertisement not intended complete as of a statement or coverags

costs provided our "Preferred policy. by Risk"itself the Only policy had all pretty proridM the reached much

this information, will and be reviewed with you Agent. General by me extremities of their powers own

540 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA a

when they asked for exceptional Even in spiritual matters I somefinal and supreme efficiency to end help. Great need builds faith. times like to limber my own dull all lesser efficiencies. It helps us to

Then, finally, few of us are willspirit and do things slowly—to let a go slowly or rapidly according to

ing to accept our Heavenly Father's moment's doubt push me to real the need of the moment. It keeps us

solution without question. Anne put study, to discover a few things by alert to shifts, and variations, and

her own life and that of her child long and hard search, to ponder subterfuges. It makes us wary of

in the hands of her Heavenly Faprinciples and test them in everytoo much worldly wisdom and sensither. She didn't ask him to save day life. Only—I want the spirit of tive to divine wisdom. It makes usthem. She just asked him to take my Heavenly Father to help me! I equal to life—both as recipient and

over. don't want to be bogged down in giver. It is both hunger and satisJim didn't say, "provide an autotemptation, robbed of courage or faction. Faith finds expression in

mobile"or "find me a plane."He strength or joy, sidetracked or deprayer and in the acceptance of its

said, "please get me home."toured or labyrinthed. I want life answer. Faith is a sublime short cut

And Nora didn't pray that she as nearly right as it can be. And when a short cut is needed, but it is

would be able to understand things that's where faith does its greatest also, at times, a long yet happy way she had not studied. She just said, work because, as I see it, faith is the round.

"help me to concentrate and to recall."

It's well to remember these things when we're seeking this type of spiritual efficiency.

But there's another thing, too—

very human, downto-earth factor.

Efficiency in any form calls for incentive, for drive, for desire. Well

do I remember the time I tried to teach my sister a quick way to do dishes. It was a method of clearing

and stacking and scrubbing and scalding that I had worked out in the most minute details. It was

wonderful. I could cut dishwashing

time in half and do a better job. I

had to work, of course, but it was marvelous to salvage those extra minutes for piano practice, for reading a good book, or for putting a new ribbon on an old hat. Alice

wasn't interested. Over our sink

was a window, and out of the window was a view. In the spring,

dandelions grew like a thick yellow carpet over that vacant lot and on certain wintry days slow snow fell on the silent trees, and little birds chirped for stray crumbs. Alice liked

to watch all of this, and she didn't Depend on Utoco stations and dealers for superior care how long the dishes took within reason. service and highest quality products. Drive in [

"Anyway,"she explained. "If wherever you see the Utoco or VicoPep 88 sign

I'm quick about the dishes, I'll just get drafted for some other work."and you will come to appreciate that the services

And I admit guiltily that I don't of these dealers and the products they sell can fc,'like the thought of being efficient all of the time myself. Some very bright well be "your car's best friend."

people have developed methods of reading that speed you over the printed page. You can get the gist

of a paragraph in the flicker of an eye. It's fine for skimming over

some magazines and books. But

sometimes I like to read slowly. I

want more than the kernel of thought or the outhne of plot. I \R J CmoUrK

want to enjoy the apt phrase, or the graphic word, or the poetic cadence. UTAH O

AUGUST 1948 541 NO-U(jUORTOBACCO COLUMN {Concluded irom page 519) I remember how I used to think ness and that I had no will power nor should feel embarrassed by going to there was no good time possible withdecency about me. There comes a

them. Their percentage of permanent out some drinks and I also remember time in this kind of life when the one

"cures"is very much larger than that how we thought we were having a involved believes he is no good and attained by other methods, going bewonderful time when we tried to outthat is the tragedy of it all because in yond seventyfive percent. Due to the drink each other. Saturday night withthis belief there is no comfort, mental,

work of these groups during the last out a big time was unheard of, and the or physical, except resorting to the dozen years, about sixty thousand habit continued for several years durbottle. Time marched on, but not for

"drunks"gutter—a haveremarkablebeen recoveredrecord. Andfrom thisthe ingits height.which theIt wasglamorthe ofthingdrinkto do,wastheat keepingme. I wentup andbackwardon the jobandI wasinsteadsteadiof

is largely due to the very remarkable smart thing to do. Without realization, ly sinking lower and lower into the

and highly commendable sacrificing this habit of drinking was insidiously abyss, into the chasm of despair and services, given without charge, of creeping upon me until I finally knew in utter desolation. I have known the

former alcoholics who find their greatmy heart I was without the power to hopelessness of the man who is est joy in this work of recovery. control it. Drinking lost its fun and I branded, shunned, sneered at, ridiculed,

.,. Inasmuch as ye have done it unto developed into a morbid, solitary and avoided. I have known the shame

one of the least of these my brethren, ye drinker, hiding bottles where I could of my little boy's playmates teasing him have done it unto me. (Matt 25:40.) sneak away and drink them alone. and telling him his father was a drunk-

I did not want to do the things I did ard. I have known the helplessness of

and it broke my heart to see the misery, having not one friend in the whole the heartaches, and the tears I was world (except my wife) and of being

By an Alcoholic. W. W. Whitney causing my family and friends. I tried jailed and pushed around.

quit? don't don't you Why

like others can't do? Why T /.M an alcoholic who ran the entire andwith atall timesmy heartreallyto stoppedchange mydrinkingways youWhydrink

race of alcoholism which would have for considerable periods of time. That you be a man? Oh, how weak I was!

ended in stark tragedy had it not been was forced abstinence and sheer will How spineless and cowardly, but I for my introduction to Alcoholics power, but the damage had been done, couldn't—I couldn't stop it. I guess I

Anonymous. and I was a slave to this habit and don't belong here or fit anywhere. I

As I look back to my drinking days, while abstaining, there was always that guess I am entirely in the way. What

I can trace the usual pattern of the reservation in the back of niy mind is the use? Oblivion, the only rest I

alcoholic from young manhood right that some day I would master this thing could have! I had run my race and

down through years of frustration, beand be able to drink as others did. lost. I would get out of the way bewilderment, heartaches, and tears. As There was that desire that almost cause that was the only thing to do.

a young man, I believe I started drinkamounted tc ambition to become a And I tried to end my life. But due to

ing as the result of an inferiority comsocial drinker, because I thought that the prompt, heroic service of my deplex. I was a little timid and meek and was really living. voted wife, I did not succeed. It took

ability in at to the ease be lacked compints of to give seven plasma blood me But always black cloud like a on my jest refer in pany. the to Often life. we alone But back knows God my horizon everpresent evil was that of to alcoholic said story of anan who life his spared. Through was why my

other: "Let's get a bottle and be alcohol ready to knock me down and help and the services of Alcoholics

somebody,"as an explanation of this start another chapter of failure and Anonymous, I overcame my drinking type of alcoholic. It seems,! had to degradation. For some reason that was and am doing all in my power to warn

have this "crutch"in order to get beyond me this was as inevitable as the youth and help the alcoholic to along, especially with girls. day and night. I thought it was weakabstain.

EVIDENCES AND RECONCIUATIONS

{Continued irom page 513) These powers are inseparably connected the essential qualities they possess, which sessed of powers that go with personwith any idea that may be formed as an already have been pointed out.

ality"it"—heonly,is eternalhence asthatGodentityis; coexistent,is "he,"notin intelligence.telligence existingOne cannotwithout conceivethese qualitiesof inUnder this concept, the eternal

fact, with God; of the same kind of subany more than he can conceive of any ego of man was, in some past age of

deity, essence with stance or though conobject in existing space without dimento us, clothed the other world, dim in inferior intelligence of fessedly degree sions. light phrase "the of truth"The is with a spiritual body. That was think needs must and to God. power One given in of one the revelations the as

that the name of this eternal entity—what equivalent for an "intelligence"here disman's spiritual birth and his enGod calls him—conveys to the mind some cussed; by which is meant to be undertrance into the spiritual world. Then

idea of his nature. He is called an "instood, as I think, that intelligent entities later, on earth, if permitted to go

is this telligence"; descrip- I believe and truth, perceive the are conscious of the there, will receive material a he

... "selfthe entity tive of him. must be truth, they that which know is, hence "the result, after resurthe a body. As that "othersconscious,"conscious"and is, light truth,"of "intelligence."it Let be

he must have the power to distinguish himobserved that I say nothing as to the mode rection he will be master of the self from other things—the "me"from the of the existence of these intelligences, bethings of the spiritual and the ma-

"not me."He must have the power of yond the fact of their eternity. But of their terial universes, and in that manner

deliberation, sets he which one over by the form, or their of manner subsistence likeness the approach of God.

thing another; against with also power to nothing, far so as rehas I know, been of the nature This view of man is is that this or that form a judgment a betvealed, and hence without are we means

"ter thing or state than this or that. Also of knowing anything about the modes of a "widespread belief among Latterthere goes with this idea of intelligence a their existence beyond the fact of it, and day Saints. The term an intelli"

power of choosing one thing instead of another, one state rather than another. 8D. & C. 93:29 secondB. H.year,Roberts,1908, Thepp. Seventy's8-9 Course in Theology,

542 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA..

is eternal to the applied thengence 6aid: u5naLam yoouna will Ground soon be existing of the before evenego man

for the Eenbroken new T WILL tell youspiritual creation. how long we shall necott CorporaCopper

In reading Latterday Saint literastay here. If we live our religion, tion's new copper refinture, the twofold sense in which the we shall stay here in these mountains erycompletionnear Garfield.is recognizedIts

terms an intelligence or intelligences forever and forever, worlds without as the most for reaching development a portion ofare to spiritual priesthood the and perend, used—applied since the discovUtah industrialm build entities or to prespiritualsonages and will go redeem and up the of minerals."ery

: 1 6.must be carefully kept in—/.mind.A. W, Discourses,center stakeXIof Xion.—-Journal o[

Jkls onin l/Wltk CHURCH PUBLICATIONS SMETAL MINING INDUSTRY OF UTAH

The Relief Society Magazine.. there are many other stories and

articles as well as things to do that 'TThe August issue of The Relief will whet the young folk's appetites

Society Magazine features sugfor more and better activity as the AUGUST 1948 ADVERTISERS gestions and methods of storing Primary would do it. The special

food, including articles by Elder feature for parents is a timely article Beneficial Life Insurance CompanyBack cover

B. GarfF of the ChurchMark titled Elder Ezra welby Taft Benson Bookcraft 483fare committee, N. SimonVelma Family Special Hour."mis- "The

sen, second counselor in the general sion, neighborhood, and home PriBrigham Young University 522 presidency of the Relief Society, mary lessons for October are also Covey's Coffee Shop...530

and Esther Clark Naylor. A very included, together with helps for ofDaynes Music Company 528

unusual and entertaining short ficers and teachers. John Deere Company 485

story, "Aunt Millennium,"presents Deseret Book Company—486

again the gifted young writer Deone Deseret News Press 530

R. Sutherland. A threepart story, The Instructor.. Fels & Company 515

"The Russells Did Not Go to 'T'he August issue of The Instruct W. P. Fuller Company 525

Church,"introduces a young Engtor, has a wealth of material in General Insurance Compciny 540 of author promise,hsh Russell, Edith

Hall's 529 Remedy that will enrich the Church now a at student Brighamnow Young it it as 516 into Hotel Utah goes the later homes, and serialUniversity. Questing The

it is as used School 535 Corporation Sunday by Kolob BelleLights by Anderson Watson is continued. The usual excellent teachers in the preparation of les- L.D.S. Business College 539

poetry is featured, and the frontissons in October. Lonkershim Hotel 539

Among the interesting articles ap- M.C.P. Pectin Company 516piece poem written by Beatrice

Knowlton Ekman. The magazine alpearing in this issue are "Gandhi Metal Mining Industry of Utah 543

tribute to the reso contains the lesson materials for Man of Peace,"a Morning Milk 533 cently martyred Asiatic leader;

a seasonal andNovember household Mountain Fuel Supply Company of Movies,""The a letter Menace Inside front coverarticle, "Heat Salad and Waves to the editor by Nephi Jensen,

Institute forNorth 539 American gives recipesDays,"which sugand Lake mer Salt City judge; and "Asgestions for summer entertainment. Overland Greyhound Lines 533

sisting the Teacher PerThrough sonal Contacts,"by Ruth J. Purity Biscuit Company 481

The Children's Friend.... Devereaux. Quish School of Beauty Culture 537

An additional instalment of LowRoyal Baking Company 539 np/ie Children's Friend for August ell L. Bennion's "The Book of Sego Milk Company 517

has plenty of good reading for Mormon—A Guide to Religious Simplex Dairy Equipment Co. 529

the last days of summer before Living"is given, as is "Latterday University of Utah 531 schoolbooks must be opened again. Saint Colonization in Mexico,"by Utah Engraving Company 539

"Boy of the Border"by Ted McThomas C. Romney, and "LatterUtah Home Fire Insurance Company....531

Donald, "Circus,"by Rowena Cheday Saint Settlement in Canada,"UtahIdaho Sugar Company ney and Bette Hollis, "Perotti's by C. Frank Steele, and "My JourInside back cover

Pups"by Jane Botsford, and "Boys nal,"the abridged journal of George Utah State Agricultiual College 529 537 Utah Power Company & Lightand Girls of Other Lands"by Nor- A. Smith. thoughtprovoking The

Oil Refining 541 Utah Company C. Schlichter justman sound about editorial Superintendent by Sea Food Milton Van Camp Company.....514

right for a lazy afternoon on the Bennion is entitled "The Superiority Westernlore Press 535 back lawn or up the canyon. But Complex."Western Waxed Paper...484

AUGUST 1948 543 0WZ.

Jama, Japan Brethren: Dear L.D.S. ADDRESSES SERVICEMEN'S OF HOMES

address of of change to letter this inform you writing my AM

St., Calif. 1104 24th Diega, 24th Cor. "C,"San & I suddenly I reason, was some when For in here Japan.

St., Alice Calif. 1836 Oakland, until yesdidn't remember that I duty and overlooked moved

St., 615 Marysville, Cahf. "F"issue. I I want transferred So received May terday my when

St., So. Beretania Honolulu. 1594 T.H. I wait dislike to having right because let to away you know

even an extra day or so before getting my copy. I hungrily

devour every word contained therein because I know that it Naval Station Services is the word of the Lord and contains the current news of L. D. S. servicemen are asked to note the following

Church happenings. It is more than word from home, it is information:

the law. "L. D. S. services are held each Friday at 8 p.m. in

Once I get a new issue I have to hurry to finish it because Frazier Hall, 245 West 28th St., Norfolk Naval Station,

there is a big demand for borrowing. Norfolk, Virginia."

Thankfully and sincerely, Ross R. Allen

June 17, 1948 The Right Slant Dear Era Staff:

across lot day, a walking vacant One was a man where just kid a when reading Improvement Era STARTED The playing some boys passed the near were spot He I issues from borrowed investigator Argentina way, down little left fielder. the fellow occupied stood there by poundbaseball.A to impressed missionaries. magazine whole me prewar The

his ing ball waiting glove for the to his way. come I as it as reading long to decided that extent keep such an

possible. Now I fully realize what a sound basis it's given "Who's winning, Son?"asked the man.

this to follow in path the right relating to on matters me fed ours, strongly so up "They're ahead of us,"replied the boy with a broad grin. and has world of singular modern

and dotted my doctrinal knowledge, that it'd be a hard job to "What's the score?"

influential deny its humble everyday release. "They've got us seventeen to nothing."

truly, Yours Marcelo A. Zavala "Aren't you disappointed because they're beating you so

badly?"Phoenix, Arizona "No, we ain't been up to bat yet."

Dear Editors:

fortitude. Things may have looked discouraging, MY tofatherin-lawThe ImprovementrecentlyEra.presentedHe mustme havewith knowna subscriptionhe was enceThisandlittle fellow had what it takes to succeed in life, persistpresenting me with a precious gem—for that is just how I but he didn't quit.—Worral G. Sonastine, from Your Life, July.

regard it. The articles contained in it are a rich storehouse Copyright 1948 by The Kingswag Press, Inc.

of truth and knowledge that are aiding me in my study to become a Latterday Saint. In this, I feel quite confident that Quaker Psychology

I am making a good and a wise choice.

I daily thank my Heavenly Father for directing me to this A gentle Quaker, hearing a strange noise in his house one glorious western state, chiefly because it has led me to a true night, got up and discovered a burglar busily at work. He

knowledge of this, the Latterday Saint Church, and its teachwent and got his gun, then came back, and stood quietly in ings.

May God continue to bless you in the publication of this the doorway.

splendid magazine. I hope never to be without it. "Friend,"he said, "I would do thee no harm for the world,

Very truly yours, but thee standest where I am about to shoot."—The Kellog

Lois Shurtliff Mitchell Messenger.

Sequoia District Youth Conference, Northern California Mission

Christ Jesus after of Latterday Saints participating in a Youth

Conference held at Visalia ONEvariousHUNDREDbranchesAND TWENTYof the Sequoiayoung Districtpeople, representingof the Northernthe Exeter, and California, in April,

California Mission went home with renewed enthusiasm and Opening exercises were held at the L.D.S. chapel in Visalia

a more sincere desire to be better members of the Church of with dramatic skits and musical numbers being presented by the different branches of the district during the afternoon.

A ball game rounded out the wellplanned afternoon program. The evening's entertainment consisted of an outstanding ball and banquet.

The most thrilling experience for each young boy and girl who attended was the special testimony meeting held

Sunday morning. It gave the

youth of the district added courage to carry on with their work and spiritually fortified them against the evil forces of the world.

544 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA SYMBOL DF THRIFT

MONG priceless heritages left by our pioneer mothers

is the custom of providing a bounteous supply of fruits for the

long winter months. In this generation, the housewife who

stocks her shelves with jars of choice fresh fruits, jams, and

jellies, preserved and sweetened with pure, homeproduced

sugar has learned well the lesson of prudent care for her family.

UTAHIDAHD SUGAR COMPANY

Pr4iducts of Industry

Bread and steet - - sinews of peace and war* - fmh of man's ingenuity and toil—symbols of security and progress.

\n this modem world, the necessities of life are paid for with work or money. Now - - while you can work - - make

provisbn for the future needs of your family.

Carry adequate life insurance!