DAY and NIGHT

Yes, day and night, year in and year out, education never stops but moves ever forward.

Learning comes gradually and with effort, and Get your education the Y's way. Obtain the bonus

often seems to lag behind the swift changes of modern education of a great Church university while preparing technology. Yet to those who diligently seek it, edufor the future. There's more for you at BYU:

cation will yield its treasures of knowledge and underAccredited by the highest professional agencies.

standing, enabling the student to meet the challenges High academic standards, with special accelerof the day.

ated programs, scholarships, and the semester

In this fast moving world, the moral fiber and system.

brain of the power people the have nation's become Outstanding faculty trained hundred uni- m a It is in asset. valuablemost the of production these

versities colleges, and in proper studentteacher that universitycommodities It the role. plays a key

ratio. must be a repository of all the world's knowledge; it

must keep up with the latest developments, not only All advantages of a big university, yet all the in science, but also the arts, education, and social friendliness of a small college.

sciences as well; and it must impart this knowledge Beautiful new campus with finest laboratories,

to the ever oncoming generations. classrooms, libraries, study areas.

In addition, fused inseparably with these great Comfortable, convenient, enjoyable housing.

tasks at Brigham Young University is the building of Religious education and church activity on camspiritual strength, lending purpose and faith to technipus.

cal knowledge. The nation's top lecture, devotional, concert assembly series.

Successful, friendly, democratic student activi- - CLIP AND MAIL ties.

TO: PLAN NOW TO ATTEND Public Relations Department

Brigham Young University, Provo, Utah Second Semester Registration, February 5-6

Please send me free of charge additional information about BYU. I am especially interested in Brigham Young

Name,

Address City State. UNIVERSITY

PROVO - UTAH 1Tis the Season

BY DR. FRANKLIN S. HARRIS. JR.

Nucleic acid and heredity

Professor Joshua Lederberg of Stanford University has pointed out that the nucleic acids, which constitute the hereditary material which has slight differences in the various forms of terrestrial life, have the same basic structure in the nuclei of all cells. The basic structure is a

long, linear polymer fashioned from a sugarphosphate unit with a side group of adenine, guanine, tymine, or cytosine. The bacteria, the

simplest of freeliving organisms, contain about 5,000,000units-long nucleotide sequences, and man has about 5,000,000,000. The simplest

viruses, which can live only inside living cells and come close to being single genes, have about 2,500 units particle.

Speeding birds

Frederick C. Lincoln has reviewed

the evidence on the speeds at which and when family and friends gather during the holiday birds fly. He finds that the normal season, you'll want to have these Supreme snackfavorites

flight speed of ducks is between 40 on hand to serve them:

and 50 (rarely 60) miles per hour.

The golden plover, famed for long TOWN HOUSE CRACKERS CHEESE 'N SPICE migrations, goes about 60 to 70 miles per hour. Records of racing pigeons CLUB CRACKERS POTATO CRISPS

show that it is an exceptional bird CHEZO o SUPREME SALTINES which has an average speed of more than 60 miles per hour. The cloud Greet your guests with these ovenfresh guestpleasers by Supreme

swifts of the West Indies may reach Bakers. They're 'specially good when served with cheese, dips and

150. The duck hawks have been all your favorite snack foods. Next time you shop, look for the

timed in dives in which they attained packages with the sparkling red diamond—your guide to "Su-

a speed of 165 to 180 miles an hour. preme"quality.

Spiders Each spider has 8 legs, an insect only 6. Dr. R. V. Chamberlin obspider's is fixed that aserves head BAKERS can't turn. that it soon his body A SUPREME SUPREME

spider can use its eyes on objects up BOWMAN BISCUIT COMPANY to about a foot away. Denver and Salt Lake City

DECEMBER 1961 885 The Improvement Era The Voice of the Church

Official organ of the Priesthood

Quorums. Mutual Improvement

Associations, Ward Teachers, Music

Committee, Department of Education, and other agencies of the Church of Jesus Christ of hatterday Saints.

Contents for December 1961 Volume 64, Number 12

Church Features

The Editor's Page: At This Season, President David O. McKay 898

Changes in the Leading Quorums of the Church:

Elder Gordon B. Hinckley of the Council of the Twelve,

Wendell J. Ashton 906

Our Retiring Bishopric, Carter E. Grant 908

Bishop Joseph L. Wirthlin 908 ART AND PHOTO CREDITS:

Bishop Thorpe B. Isaacson.... 909 Photographs

Bishop Carl W. Buehner...... 909 Church Information Service, 898

Boyd K. Packer, Assistant to the Council of the Twelve, Ernst Wittke, 906, 907

Albert L. Zobell, Jr 910 Boyart913 Studio, 908, 909, 910, 911, 912,

Our New Bishopric, Albert L. Zobell, Jr 911 WalterMaxwellLillian,Studio, 911913

John H. Vandenberg, Presiding Bishop... 911 Art

Robert L. Simpson of the Presiding Bishopric 912 From an old wood cut, 900

Victor Lee Brown of the Presiding Bishopric 913 EraTed staff,Nagata,902,904914, 994

General Conference: The Cause of Liberty, President David O. McKay 918 J. Rulon Hales, 917974

The Spirit of Conversion, President Henry D. Moyle 920 Era of Youth

Revelation: The Challenging Message of Mormonism, Art

President Hugh B. Brown 922 Era staff

The Book of Mormon Record, A Divine Record, PhyllisVirginia LuchSargent

President Joseph Fielding Smith.... 924 Melvel Owen

General Conference Index. 888

The Church Moves On, 888; Melchizedek Priesthood, 990; Presiding Bishopric's Page, 992.

Special Features

The Christmas Spirit, President Hugh B. Brown 900

Joseph Smith, An Appreciation, B. H. Roberts (Era Reprint) 901

The Light of the World, William E. Berrett 914

THE ERA OF YOUTH between pages 944945

The Spoken Word from Temple Square, Richard L. Evans 896, 1004

Exploring the Universe, Franklin S. Harris, Jr., 885; These Times: Castro, Cuba, and the Clark

Memorandum, G. Homer Durham, 892.

Today's Family: Florence B. Pinnock, Editor

Sweet Treasures 994 THE COVER: Stories, Poetry Six brethren who received assignments in the Presiding Councils of the Church

Stars in Your Eyes, Verna Linburg 902 ofat thethe fallChurchsemiannualmake upgeneralour cover:conference

The Rivers of Babylon, Conclusion, Virginia Maughan Kammeyer.... 904 Beginning clockwise at upper left,

Poetry 896, 963, 967 ElderCouncilGordonof the B.Twelve;HinckleyEldersof the

Thorpe B. Isaacson and Boyd K.

Packer, Assistants to the Council of

The Improvement Era Offices, 50 North Main Street, Salt Lake City, 11, Utah thesecondTwelve;counselorElderin Victorthe PresidingL. Brown,

Bishopric; Presiding Bishop John H. Editors; L. Evans, Editor; David Associate and L. O. C. Green, Editor; Richard Josephson, Managing Doyle Marba Managing Albert L, Zobell, McKayEditor; Research G. Patricia Editorial Kinnear, Grant, Judith Stephan, Middleton. John Carter Florence Today's B. Pinnock, L. Vandenberg; FamilyJr., Elder Simpson, Robert

Editor; Era Editor; Associate D. Editor; Youth Era Youth Hanks, The E.The Marion Elaine Art Directors. of Cannon, RalphAssociates; and Ed Reynolds Maryon, first in Bishopric. the counselor Presiding

S. F, Bennett, G. Archibald Harris, B. Sperry, Franklin Nibley, Contributing Editors. Sidney Durham,of Hugh Homer Jr., color especially photographs The were

T, General Bentley, Manager: S. Reeder, General Associate Bertha Business F. Director; Scott, Subscription Manager; Manager; Verl A. Snarr, Glen this for taken issue Photographer by Regional Representative. Advertising Evans, JosephThayer

Lillian. Walter

Copyright Funds, 1961 by Mutual reserved. Subscription price 33.00 aInc.,year,andin advance;publishedforeignby thesubscriptions,Mutual Improvement$3.50 a year,Associationsin advance;of 35cthe singleChurchcopy,of JesusexceptChristfor specialof Latterdayissues, Saints. All rights

Entered of Octoberat 1917,the PostauthorizedOffice. JulySalt 2,Lake191S.City, Utah as secondclass matter. Acceptance for mailing at special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, Act

Improvement EraThe a word and must be accompaniedis not responsibleby sufficientfor unsolicitedpostage formanuscriptsdelivery andbut return.welcomes contributions. Manuscripts are paid for on acceptance at the rate of 2c

Thirty days cannotchanges noticebe madeis requiredunless thefor oldchangeaddressof address.as well as Whenthe neworderingone is included.a change, please include address slip from a recent issue of the magazine. Address byCoverDeseretlithographedNews Press.in full color

886 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA These are some of the great books offered thru membership in the LDS Books Club m Buy as few as 4 books per year and SterlingLEADERSHIPW. Sill 46. GENEALOGICALLAND AND WALES,RESEARCHVOL. II IN ENG- $3.95

receive a free BONUS Book of your 24. VOLUME I $3.50 j= Smith and Gardner

choice. 25. VOLUME II $3.50 47. HANDY BOOK FOR GENEALOGISTS $2.50

HAPPINESSS TO $3.95 George Everton O. McKay THE 1. JESUS CHRIST $3.75 = 26. PATHWAYSDavid(compiled Llewelyn by R. McKay) E. Talmage James

leather) $8.00 (black LIFE 27. PAUL'S AND LETTER $3.50 j FOR CHILDREN B. Sperry Sidney =E the - from 2. CHERISHED EXPERIENCES

O. David of Writings

Middlemiss) Clare (compiled by McKay $3.00 1 28. MiltonPEARL R.OF HunterGREAT PRICE COMMENTARY $3.25 l 48. YOUNGBOOK OFL.D.S.MORMON STORIES FOR $3.25

Petersen Marr $3.50 3. 29. MISSOURI Emma $3.95 CHOSEN DEFINED RELIGIOUS TRUTHS H J H. O. Ruf K. Jr. and Fielding Smith, W. Porter Joseph

49. FOR OF STORY CHURCH OUR YOUNG

THE OF 30. OF BOOK IN MORMON $3.50 FAITH SCIENCE COMMENTARY YOUR AND GOD $3.25 j Sjodahl M. Reynolds Fletcher, Janne and Christensen, George Widtsoe, Pack = Petersen Marr L.D.S.Emma

Merrill = and I $5.00 4. VOLUME 50. $3.95 STORIES CHILDREN FOR SACRED 31. = THE $3.95 STORY MORMON II 5. $5.00 VOLUME Felt Fox H Marie Rulon Howells =

III 6. $5.00 VOLUME L.D.S. STORIES BIBLE = FOR YOUNG

7. $5.00 IV VOLUME $3.25 Testament) (Old and New = 51.

8. VOLUME V $5.00 Emma Marr Petersen

9. BOOKS DOCTRINE NEW AND COVENANTS | 52. $2.95 BRIGHAM YOUNG j

$4.75 COMMENTARY Burt Olive E= JUST ILLUSTRATE $3.25 TO 32. SALVATION OF DOCTRINES Lo Grand Richards 53. TELL $3.00 STORY A ME W Fielding Smith Writings of Joseph and Sermons

(compiled by Bruce R. McConkie) 33. THE GLORY OF THE SUN $3.50 = 1

Sterling I W. Sill $3.50 10. VOLUME = 54. PrestonL.D.S. ADVENTURENibley STORIES $2.00 jf

11. VOLUME 12. 55. COURAGEL.D.S. STORIES OF FAITH AND $2.25 VOLUME IIIII $3.50$3.50 1{= 34. JACOBPaul BaileyHAMBLIN, BUCKSKIN APOSTLE $3.95 1=

Preston Nibley = 13. ESSENTIALS IN CHURCH HISTORY $4.00 1

Fielding Smith Joseph STORY OF THE PROPHET = 35. THEHughMYTHNibleyMAKERS $3.50 1 56. CHILD'S

SMITH $2.00 JOSEPH 14. QUEST ETERNAL RELIGION YOUR KNOW Dr. $3.95 y Deta Neeley B. Brown Hugh $3.00 H= Pearson Glen = 36.

15. RECONCILIATIONSEVIDENCES AND CHILD'S $2.00 STORY OF BRIGHAM YOUNG DOCTRINE & II COVENANTS (Vol. I, in one volume) $3.95 and Dr, = Neeley Deta = 57.

$5.95 37. COMPENDIUM G. Compiled IIIHomer Durham by

Dr. B. Sidney Sperry

THE FATE PERSECUTORS OF THE OF

L.D.S. REFERENCE $3.50 = 38. SMITH JOSEPH 16. PROPHET ENCYCLOPEDIA $5.00 | FOR TEENAGERS Melvin R. Brooks B. N. Lundwall

17. FIRST 2,000 YEARS, THE $3.50 [| 39. J.STORIESSpencerOFCornwallOUR MORMON HYMNS $3.95 p= 58. WHATErnest Eberhard,SHALL WEJr.DO WITH LOVE? $3.25 Skousen W. Cleon

THE TEN FROM COMMAND18. GIANT OF LATTERDAY FOR YOUNG THE LORD $3.95 j 40. MAYRichardPEACEL. EvansBE WITH YOU $3.50 59. MENTSSTORIES S. James Brown $2.75 SAINTS

Petersen Emma Marr 19. DOCTRINE GOSPEL $3.95 1

F. Joseph Smith YE 60. CHOOSE THIS DAY $2.2520. GOSPEL IDEALS $4.00 = GENEALOGY BOOKS Emma Marr Petersen

(Discourses of President David O. McKay) 41. ADVANCED GENEALOGICAL RESEARCH $2.75 M

Archibald F. Bennett $3.50 SMITH21. HISTORY JOSEPH OF = 61. MarkFOR TIMEE. PetersenAND ETERNITY $2.00

By His Mother Lucy Mack Smith 42. BASIC COURSE IN GENEALOGY, 62. IF 1 WERE IN MY TEENS $2.00

SMITH, SEEKER AFTER TRUTH $3.75 VOL.22. JOSEPH SAIL $2.25 THE OF John A. Widtsoe Petersen Marr Gardner,I Harland & Smith $3.95 bel 63. SETEmma

BASIC IN COURSE23. LATTERDAY PROPHETS SPEAK $4.00 43. GENEALOGY, = 64. $2.00 CHERISH LOVE TO TO AND VOL. Daniel H. Ludlow $3.95 M Petersen Marr Emma Derek IIHarland =

65. $1.95 WED 44. FINDING IN YOUR FOREFATHERS Dr.1 THEE A. Rex Skidmore AMERICA $3.95 =

Archibald F. Bennett 66. $2.25 = THE YOUTH AND CHURCH

45. GENEALOGICAL RESEARCH IN ENGHarold B. Lee

LAND AND 67. YOUTH, LOVE AND MARRIAGE $2.75

Smith and Gardner WALES, VOL. I $3.50 p= Skidmore Dr. Rex A.

MAILED BOOKS POSTPAID

j/ifijl/ Inc. Club, Books LDS delivered right to your door!

SALT LAKE CITY P. O. BOX 400 1188 SOUTH MAIN 10, UTAH

Save 20% on any of these LDS Books for your own library or for

Christmas giving. Enclosed is my check ( ) oi money order ( ) for $

Please enroll me as a new member of the LDS Books Club, Inc. Please to cover my first selections.

send me the book(s) I have circled. Forthcoming selections and al12 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23

ternates will be described to me in a monthly advance bulletin and 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 32 33 34 35 36 37 38 39 40 41 42 43 44 45 46

I may decline any book simply by returning the printed form always 47 48 49 50 51 52 53 54 55 56 57 58 59 60 61 62 63 64 65 66 67

provided. I agree to buy as few as four books during the next 12

months, including those I am ordering now. I may resign at any time Address

thereafter. I will receive a BONUS book for every four books I

City Sta e accept.

DECEMBER 1961 887 Conference Index SPEAKERS Benson, Ezra Taft 952 Brown, Hush B 922 The ChurchBuehner, Carl W

Burton, Theodore M 956970 Christiansen, EIRay L. 926

Critchlow, William J., Jr 944

Dyer, Alvin R 942 Hanks, Marion D...928

Hinckley, Gordon 966 Hunter, Howard 962 Moves OnHunter, Milton W, 964 R

Isaacson, Thorpe B 948 Ivins, Antoine R 936 Kimball, Spencer W. 936 September 1961

Longden, 934 John McKay, David 918, 972 Moyle, Henry D 920 Nine new Authorities and officers of the Church were susPetersen, Mark 940 E

Richards, Franklin 968 |Sj tained when President Henry D. Moyle presented the General D

Richards, LeGrand 950 officers Authorities of are: the Church. and ones The new

MarionRomney, G. 946 B. of the Hinckley, of Elder a the Gordon Council Twelve; member Sill, Sterling 953 W

EldredSmith, 934 G Isaacson Elders Packer, B. K. Assistants Thorpe to the and Boyd

Fielding 924Smith, Joseph Sonne, Alma 964 Twelve; Elder John Vandenberg, Presiding Bishop with Elders

Stapley, Delbert L 932 Victor as his Bobert L. Simpson counselors; and Mrs. L. BrownTanner, Nathan 960 E

S. of president general the Jacobsen, YoungTaylor, Henry 958 Florence Women's D

Wirthlin, L. Joseph 930 Mutual Improvement Association with Mrs. Margaret R. Jackson S. 966Young, Dilworth

SUBJECTS and Mrs. Dorothy P. Holt as her counselors.

America 952 The general priesthood session of the conference was held in

Authority 950 Book of Mormon, the 924, 964 the Tabernacle, with 298 other assemblies of the priesthood throughBusiness 962 958 out the Church listening in by directwire telephone connection.Commandments

Communism 918, 942, 952, 960 Groups of returned missionaries together with former residents

Converts 920, 968 of mission areas held their semiannual reunions in Salt Lake City.Cooperation 953

Courage 918 It was announced that Calvin C. Cook had been appointed

Dedication 956 to the general board of the Deseret Sunday School Union.Divine records 924

Earthlife probation 964 Everyday religion 962 Evil influences 932 October 1961

Example setting 972 Faith 972 Faithfulness 944 Concluding sessions of the semiannual conference were held

Family life 940 948 in the Tabernacle this Sabbath day. All or parts of theFaultfinding

Fear 928 six "daylight"sessions had been broadcast and televised by

Freedom 952 Godhead 934 as many as 19 radio stations and 18 television stations.

Golden Rule, the 926 "I Am My Brother's Keeper"was the theme of the Sunday

Gratitude 956 Holy Ghost, the 946, 966 School conference in the Tabernacle this evening.

Idleness 930 950, 966 ChristJesus Elder Paul F. Royall was appointed secretary and Elder

Living the gospel 962Missionaries 920, 930, 934, 968 W. Roy Brown was appointed treasurer of the Genealogical

Missionary work 950, 960 Society of the Church.

Neighborliness 926 Obedience 953, 958 Patriarchal blessings 936 President J. Reuben Clark, Jr., first counselor in the First

972Peace Prayer 946 Presidency, died this afternoon following an illness of several

Preparation 928 months. President Clark had been a counselor continuously

Promises 958 since the April 1933 general conference, longer than any elder in thisProphets 970

Restoration 942, 950 Dispensation. He had served as counselor to three Presidents,

Revelation 922 Satan's goals 932 Heber J. Grant, George Albert Smith, and David O. McKay. He

Seers 970 had marked the ninetieth anniversary of his birth on September 1.

Senior Aaronic Priesthood 948 South Seas 934 Testimony 960, 966 The reappointment of Elder Richard S. Tanner to the genValue of having the Spirit of the Lord 948 eral board of the Young Men's Mutual Improvement AssoWord of Wisdom 964 972 ciation was announced. Elder Tanner had served on theWorks

strife 936World to 1957, called board from 1950 January January he was when 934Worshiping of as bishop recently has that his ward. released been from He President J. Reuben Clark, Jr., Elder NOTE:

George Q. Morris, and President Levi Edgar assignment.

Young were excused from speaking because of illtouringhealth.the PresidentSouth AmericanA. TheodoremissionTuttlefields.was Canoga Park Stake, number 337 in the roll call of stakes,

Elder Harold B. Lee and Elder Richard L. was organized from parts of Reseda (California) Stake, with

priesthood addressed the generalEvans session Elder Collins E. Jones sustained as president and Elders First Presidency. conference did theof the as

Assistant K. newly Packer,Elder appointed Boyd as his counselors. stake Goldthorpe K. Davis Fred C. and Robert The

the of theto Council Twelve H. John effected organization Petersen E. of the Counwas by Elder Mark BishopVandenberg, Robert L.; BishopSimpson, and

VictorBishop Lee Brown did not address the cil of the Twelve and by Elder Eldred G. Smith, Patriarch to

audience.general conference

The addresses at the general priesthood meetthe Church.

of generaling conference First Presidency the by

Richard Elders L. Evans President Hugh C. Smith of Reseda Stake was succeeded by and Harold B. Leeand

will appear in the January issue of The ImproveElder Harold F. Rogers who had (Continued on page 988)

ment Era.

888 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA TEENAGE TEMPO 1

They play records at earsplitting volume. Tie up the telephone for

hours. Today's teenagers are spirited, inquisitive, wonderful.

And nobody knows better than you—the new American with

teenage sons and daughters—that their lives revolve around the car.

Mothers and fathers keep a careful eye on their teenagers'driving habits. And they know how important it is to keep their car

THE running right.

Oil, we take extra care to make petroleum products NEW At American

AMERICAN and provide services that help cars perform the way they should.

As just one example of the lengths we go to, our scientists are studying gasoline combustion with a special furnace that burns fuel the way your engine does. They're gaining new knowledge about

what they call "the chemistry of knock"to produce fuels that will perform more efficiently in your car.

You expect more from American—and you get it!

AMERICAN OIL COMPANY

DECEMBER 889.

LDS BOOKS SAY

.. A new book by Hugh B. Brown

The Continuing Quest Here is the perfect gift—a vast treasury of fifty

speeches, articles, General Conference and auxiliary addresses, musings and poetry by President Brown on a multitude of subjects. The articles have mainly

appeared in The Improvement Era, Instructor

Magazine, and The Millenial Star. Some of the

titles of the addresses and articles are: The Garden

of the Good Neighbor, Attributes to Cultivate,

The More Abundant Life, Justice Without Vengeance, The Value of Good Books, Life's Purpose,

What is Man and What He May Become, and Elder

Brown's recent October General Conference Address.

$3.95

A new book by Alvin R. Dyer

THE MEANING OF TRUTH Elder Dyer, author of "The Refiner's Fire—Historical Highlights of Missouri,"

draws upon rich missionary experiences at home and abroad to tell how the

Gospel can be presented to people everywhere for the greatest response. The

President of the European Missions approaches this theme from three vital aspects: "The Meaning of Truth,""The Kingdom of Evil,"and "The Day of

ftc the Gentiles.",>z.yo

$ -msx*** Richard L. Evans'newest book

MAY PEACE BE WITH YOU

The perfect gift for loved ones. It contains a selection of

the latest talks by Richard L. Evans from the worldre-

nowned broadcasts of the Salt Lake Tabernacle Choir and

Organ. These "Spoken Word"sermonettes reflect the same

clear, gentle wisdom that has touched and inspired millions of listeners. Elder Evans writes on marriage, parents, the

teaching of children, our continual nceed of others, and other vital meaningful subjects. jo en

890 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA EBEST m

7 Now in a newly STORIES OF OUR MORMON -% revised expanded edition

HYMNS J. Spencer Cornwall THE NAKED COMMUNIST

W. Cleon Skousen

All who love our LDS hymns will appreciate this fine hook by the Conductor of the TaberNow a national bestseller, this revised nacle Choir from 1935 to 1957. It tells the edition gives background information on

stories of the hymns together with available world events to March 1, 1961, and coninformation on the lives of the authors and tains a new suggested plan of action for composers. Over 300 hymns are treated, followthe individual citizens for survival.

ing the LDS Hymnal page by page. IllustraNational reviewers describe it as "the

tions of authors are included, where obtainable. most powerful book on Communism since

$3.95.a. J. Edgar Hoover's Masters of Deceit."

$4.95

ANSWERS TO GOSPEL TOWARD A BETTER

QUESTIONS Vols. I, II, III LIFE Mark E. Petersen

Joseph Fielding Smith stirring Forty addresses and three provide timely answers volumesThese articles the from of pen dynamicto of extimes, perplexing our questions to all E. Peterson inspire Mark as doctrinalpressing the viewpoint on LDS

old, readers, and young toward awell as secular matters. I contains l,0\|)l'l * Volume

life. in- (flfslionx better selections These

1 answers;51 1, 50; questions Volume and

for clude: Yourself, Chastity, Know

III, 57. never of these haveVolume Most

to Virtue, Faith Your Add The—Presiin print beforeappeared from and come

of the True Keys Kingdom, A file. private Smith'sdent

others. of Servant God, and many

Vols. I, II, III $2.75 each $3.50

6 THE AMERICAN HERITAGE REVELATION: The

** OF FREEDOM: A Plan of God Challenging Message of

Ezra Taft Benson Mormonism Hugh B. Brown

American This 1961 October General Conference Here, in print, is the dynamic talk 1961 the President gave at Brown delivered Address, by Elder Benson, warns Heritage

General Conference on modern all are October leaders members that Communist of i driving freedom back on almost every front, revelation. "Without continued revelathat it is imperative to become informed tion,"he informed listeners, "there

of their aims, tactics, and schemes. He can be no authorized ministry on the

direct This communication of seven meeting ways and deearth."A ML*N M* SOB outlines

gives us our between and God man this of feating the challenge adversary.

most conclusive proof of His existence

Paper back 354 as a supreme being.

Cloth $1.00 354

III! jl Kill!

i* *i* *1* *i* *A* *T* *A* *i* *A* *A* *X* *A* *A* *A* *4* *T"*i* *A* *** **"* *!** ****** *I* *i* Co. DesGNtlstBooh Deseret Book Company.a. 44 East South Temple -- Salt Lake City. Utah

City, Salt Utah South Lake Temple, 44 East

Gentlemen: Enclosed you will find.. check.. money order I have an account for the encircled (numbered) books: 12 3 4 5 I II III 6

7 paper cloth 8 9 Name *

Address.

City. Zone State... *

Residents of Utah include 3% sales tax.

DECEMBER 1961 891 THESE TIMES

The Clark MemDEVELOPEDFILMSand PRINTED orandum on the

PER ROLL Monroe Doctrine For any 6, 8 or 12 Exposure B &W Roll

JUMBO PRINTS only 354 per Roll BY DR. G. HOMER DURHAM

GENEALOGY PHOTOS PRESIDENT, ARIZONA STATE UNIVERSITY, TEMPE

NEGATIVES MADE of OLD PHOTOS, 60<t each. PRINTS

of NEGATIVE, 44 each Send coin only—no C.O.D. s On December 17, 1928, J. Reuben "(5) Policy of leaving SpanishMoney-Back Guarantee Clark, Jr., then Undersecretary of American colonies and Spain to

State of the United States, addressed themselves in the hope that other course."the same will pursue a of powers Secretary to the memorandum SAM'S PHOTO LAB points is made State. and third This document The second now known Utah P. O. Box 1115 Dept. AA Salt Lake City,

as the Clark Memorandum on the by President Clark certainly cover

Monroe Doctrine. It has taken its the present situation in Cuba so far

place among the great American as "interposition"by Russia "for the state papers. This important work purpose of oppressing or controlling

was completed in a little more than in any other manner"the destiny of two months, without any official Cuba is concerned, or extending its time or allowance made for it. The "political system"to this hemisphere.

work was done in addition to the The only difficulty is the seeming performance of "regular departfact that CubanRussian relations mental duties,"as President Clark are based on Dr. Castro's invitation,

set forth in the early paragraphs of and willingness, to receive Russian

1 support.

What does one do in such A TOTAL ELECTRIC hisDeclaredforeword tobythePresidentdocument. James

Monroe in 1823, President Clark circumstances?

found that "the doctrine... when On page 213 of the Clark MemoGOLD reduced to its lowest terms, covers—randum, the following interesting

"(1) Future colonization by any topic is discussed:

European powers of the American "The Relation of the Monroe DocMEDALLION continents. trine to the Subversion by European

"(2) Any attempt by the allied Powers of Republican Government powers to extend their political syson This Hemisphere."

tem to any portion of this hemiUnder this heading, President HOME sphere, or (in its second statement) Clark discussed the controversy beto any part of the continent. tween Spain and Chile in 1866, the

"(3) Any interposition, by any situation between Mexico and France

European power, for the purpose of in 1863, and he quoted an important oppressing or controlling in any document of July 20, 1895, issued by other manner the destinies of the Secretary of State Olney.

Latin American governments 'who The following position was set have declared their independence forth by Secretary of State Seward and maintained it, and whose inwith respect to Spain and Chile on dependence we have on great June 2, 1866:

consideration and just principles "We maintain and insist with all acknowledged...."the decision and energy which is

A wonderful new "(4) Noninterference by the compatible with our existing neutralway to live Unitedonies or Statesdependencieswith the ofexistingany Eurocol- ity,whichthatis acceptedthe Republicanby the peoplesystemin pean power."any one of those States shall not

be wantonly assailed, and that it of 1Department on State, Memorandum The shall not be subverted as an end of Doctrine, prepared Clark, Monroe by J. Reuben

UTAH POWER & LIGHT CO. PublicationUndersecretaryNo. of37, State,Washington,DecemberD. C,17, xxv1928,-\- a lawful war, by European Powers."

Buy now from your deafer 238 pp., p. ix. ( Continued on page 984)

892 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA What! No Federal Roads?

No subsidies? No guaranteed prices for for something for nothing; they would have

buffalo hides? scorned those who demand pay for no work.

No pension for pioneering? The leader of those pioneers founded an

No. All those pioneers had to go on was organization which is now known as Zions

faith and character. They traveled two First National Bank. His belief in preserving

thousand miles for the opportunity to reap man's individual independence and dignity the benefits of their own hard work. is still a part of the principles for which

They would have been ashamed to ask this bank stands.

ZIONS FIRST NATIONAL BANK OFFICES: 70 EAST SOUTH TEMPLE 102 SOUTH MAIN 235 SOUTH MAIN 4847 HIGHLAND DRIVE

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH I MEMBER FEDERAL DEPOSIT INSURANCE CORPORATION

DECEMBER 1961 893 894 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "6? *

for iwin 5. YOUNG BRIG- 6. TIONSPANISHOF EDITHE HAM YOUNG MORMON by STORY S. Dilworth Young

pictorial unique A fascinating book A of Moraccount for people, young translated monism, telstory a master Spanish. into A

ler recreated has WST0f in the seller best the Brigsetting of version, English Vivid youth. ham's

fascinare children.'''"illustrations reveal

thrilled adults ated, secrets the of the the inspired by and flintlock spegun, rare of hundreds cial traps animal paintings, photos, other and woods etc. lore this colgreat $2.25 onizer learned as a sty.,;/ lad. $2.50

8. THE MYTH MAKERS

By Hugh Nibley Everyone interested in knowing the facts will be anxious to read this brilliant expose'of the fraud and deceit contained in the charges levied l<mm% against Joseph Smith by enemies of the Church.

$3.50 9. THE CAUSE OF FREEDOM \:

President David O. McKay's masterful discourse during the October

(1961) General Conference in which for necessity the described he 7. 3-SECTION SAVINGS BANK

of freedom cause the strengthening save their eagerly Children money world. the Picthroughout in this colorful 3-section bank. 50c

their tures for help save misthem 10. THE KEYS TO WISDOM

tithing, sion, their for and for own

Jr. L. Zobell, Albert by training Ideal to teach needs. aid

thrift at an early age. Dozens of anecdotes, stories, and

$1.00 poems suitable for talks and lesson

material. $1.00

1261 BOKCRAFT BWt: $!m

ii86 s uth Main City, Salt Lake Utah rvi\[ fitJJW OKC* ifrw&l [ Please send me the books circled below, for which I enclose my check ( ) or money order ( ) for $ |

10. 123456789 I Jri Name

mk. I Address

*41T IAKI tS - - \NS>\1 "- -—- n

DECEMBER 1961 895..

Sell famous Mason Candies and in 4 to 15 days your group can make $300 to $2500. How to live with uncertainty

For complete information fill in and mail us the coupon shown. If you decide to go RICHARD L. EVANS

ahead you don't risk a cent,—you pay nothing in advance. We supply on consignment

your choice of THREE VARIETIES of famous How to live with uncertainty is an everpresent each extra chargeMason Candy. At no shift plans suddenly which problem—uncertainties

is printed with a band wrappedpackage are somefor example, and prospects. Young men, organization'swith your and picture. name THE

You pay after you have sold the candy SPOKEN times suddenly taken away from pursuing life's and return what you don't sell. Candy is WORD preparation, and older men are taken from families

sold at less than regular retail price. You and professions, with much adjusting of their lives to altered plans

of our on every $12.00 30 salesmake $1.00 and purposes. And this we would say to all who face such cirThere's profit on cost). to you box (66%%

no risk! You can't lose. Mail in coupon cumstances: Go ahead with your lives, your plans, your preparation,

today for information about MASON'S as fully as you can. Don't waste time by stopping before the

PROTECTED FUND RAISING DRIVES. interruptions have started. Keep going forward and keep your

hearts comforted with courage and faith in the future. The world

will always need—indeed, will need much more—the bestprepared

Mr. George Rausch, Dept. IE12 Mason, Box 549, Mineola, N. Y. people, and you cannot afford to slow down the pace of preparation

Gentlemen: Please send me, without obligathat is necessary for fullest effectiveness, aside from what is absotion, information on your Fund Raising lutely essential. The wise keep learning, keep moving, keep prePlan.

paring, and don't let uncertainties dissuade them from moving

Name forward. And even when interruptions come, whenever they come,

Age if under 21 make the most of every time and opportunity. Wherever you are,

you take your thoughts with you, you take yourself with you.

Address Wherever you are, you can read, you can think, you can study, you can learn. You can use the inbetween times for profitable

Organization and constructive purposes. Cynicism is easy to acquire in idlePhone ness—cynicism and carelessness and questionable conduct—and

evil always offers itself. So, wherever you go, keep intent on

City State solid plans and purposes. Don't succumb to uncertainty, and don't

feel sorry for yourselves. No generation was ever sure it wouldn't

Mason Candies, Inc., Mineola, L. I., N. Y. be delayed or diverted in its plans or progress. Few men's lives

have been lived without difficulties or disappointments. Have

faith, and justify the faith of others in you, of loved ones and of others also, remembering wherever you are, to be a gentleman,

Enroll a a man of honor. You take yourself with you, and will want to be

worthy to bring yourself back, to be comfortable in good and friend beloved company. Keep faith with the Lord God who gave you

life. Keep close to him in humble prayerfulness, in cleanliness of

conduct, and your hearts will find peace under all assignments and circumstances. Build for the future. Go forward in faith.

Don't let any period become a blank in your program of progress.

"Lift up your hearts. Be not afraid."Know that he is—that he is

mindful of you, that he will not leave you alone.

"The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the

Columbia Broadcasting System, October 1, 1961. Copyright 1961.

THE HAPPY ONE

BY FRANCES GORMAN RISSER

My friend, by worldly standards, ii

The "poor one"on our street, But she's the happiest by far COURSE No. Of anyone I meet,

TO: For she possesses treasures rare,

ADDRESS: The truest works of artShe wears compassion, halolike,

ENCLOSED J Above her loving heart!

TO HOME STUDY BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY PROVO, UTAH

896 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA mm

II

DE LUXE POCKET BIBLE. 01039x. WHITE BIBLE. 01152x. Designed for

Small enough, to carry anywhere with the Bride in White French Morocco, easyto-read New Beryl type. Bound in washable, limp, round corners. Ruby

Pin Seal Morocco, half circuit, leather type. Silver or gold edges (01152xG).

lined, round corners, gold edges. 3V x Marriage Certificate. Gift boxed. 3%c> x

thick. $5.75; 4%, only % thick. $8.75 5-Mg, only W

DE LUXE BIBLE, POPULARLY RED LETTER. 04434x. All the words

PRICED. 02227x. Exclusive Marrakesh of Christ are printed in red. Morocco

Persian Morocco, half circuit, leather grain Calf, half circuit, simulated leather lined. 64 pages of Concise Helps. Conlining, Brevier type, selfpronouncing.

cordance. Centercolumn references. Concordance, 100,000 center -column

Red under gold edges. Available in Red chain references. Red under gold edges.

or Black. 5x7 1/s, only i%6"thick. $10.75 5 x7/4, only %"thick. $10.95

it te season

tfqivinq...

A NEW TESTAMENT FOR POCKET tiny, thin 0238x. very PURSE. OR A It tfelmestgjjt reset in completely Testament, New

02288x. IIi! SPECIAL. SOMEONE FOR beautiful, easyto-read type. Ruby New

Ill leather Seal, half circuit, Pin Very finest in seal grain, pin half Morocco, Bound fillet, gold corners, lined, gold round is an circuit, lined, leather corners, round gold edges. Available in Black, Blue or edges. Jasper type. Concordance. 5 x

Red. 2% x 3 1 )/i,i, only J4"thick. $6.00 7M>, only i%G"thick. $22.50

Whether giving or receiving it, the person with TESTAMENT BREVIER NEW knows an Oxford Bible Size. 0419x. Morocco, Psalms. Pocket

means rpatchless pin seal grain, half circuit, leather lined, in Available edges. gold corners, round FAMILY craftsmanship and CONVENIENTSIZED 4.8 x 6 3/s, or Red. Black, Blue, Brown Calf, half BIBLE. 04884x. Levant grain

enduring beauty... circuit, simulated leather lining. Large only %"thick. $10.00

in a gift that will bring New Long Primer type, modified selfpronouncing. Concordance, 100,000

inspiration and lasting centercolumn chain references. Family

satisfaction. Record. Red under gold edges. 5% x

8%, less than 1"thick. $14.95

All on Oxford's Ultrathin India Paper

OXFORD UNIVERSITY PRESS

NEW YORK at this season

THE EDITORS PAGE was not an inventor. He was not a lawyer, and yet

BY PRESIDENT DAVID O. MCKAY he put lawyers to defeat. He was not an author, he

did not write a line except with his finger in the sand, and no one knows what he wrote, to help a poor

How glorious it is to have a woman thrust before him by the proud and haughty day in commemoration of the Pharisees.

birth of the Son of God, who In none of the realms in which men and women came in Bethlehem, only by win their laurels could you say that Jesus was greatdecree of a Roman emperor, only in one, in the realm of character he was supreme.

where Joseph and Mary had All through his life peace was on his lips and to meet to pay their taxes. When they arrived there in his heart, and when he came forth from the tomb

after traveling from Nazareth, there was not room in and appeared unto his disciples, his first greeting the inn, and they had to go to a khan—not a stable as was, "Peace be unto you."

we picture it, but a cave in the limestone rock where Peace as taught by the Savior is exemption from the animals were kept, and there in the most humble individual troubles, from family broils, from national surroundings the Savior of mankind, the Son of God, difficulties. Such peace refers to the person just as

was born. much as it does to communities and countries. That

Jesus, born in the manger, inherited all the princely man is not at peace who is untrue to the whisperings powers of his Father—God, our Creator. He lived of Christ and the promptings of his conscience. He

among men some thirtythree years and served in his cannot be at peace when he is untrue to his better public ministry among mankind about three years, self, when he transgresses the law of righteousness, and yet there is no man living who can say that he either in dealing with himself by indulging in pasis not the greatest man who ever walked the earth—sions or appetites, in yielding to the temptations of

the one perfect gentleman who ever lived among men. the flesh, or whether he is untrue to trust in transHe did not do anything for which people of the world gressing the law.

are considered great. He was not a discoverer. He Peace does not come to the transgressor of law.

898 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Peace comes by obedience to law, and it is that meswill fade away. Men will see each other as brothers,

sage which Jesus would have us establish among each created in the image of God.

men—peace to the individual that he may be at peace They will understand that to love God, they must

with his God; perfect harmony existing between his first love their neighbors as themselves.

Creator and himself; perfect harmony existing between We, his brethren and sisters, members of Christ's

himself and law, the righteous laws to which he is church, accept him as the greatest man who ever lived, subject and from which he never can escape; peace in but always and more as the Redeemer of mankind.

the home—families living in peace with one another Mortality came to us through Adam, who'chose of

and with their neighbors. himself that he would bring this mortality upon himChristmas is a time in which to remember Christ. self. It wasn't a fall—it was a step in progress. He

It is a day in which to fortify our faith, and draw near exercised his freedom of choice, which is a Godgiven to the Father of the Babe of Bethlehem. gift, and accepted mortality, but he knew that Jesus

He lived for us, that we might live; he died for us, Christ would come and establish a plan whereby he

that we may sometime escape the bonds of sin and and all his descendants could return to the presence death. He pointed the way which leads into the of God. That plan is the gospel of Jesus Christ.

very presence of him to whom Christ prayed upon I bear you testimony and witness that he lives, the cross: "Father, forgive them; for they know not

what they do."(Luke 23:34.) that Peter, saying that he was a partaker of the divine

Yes, Jesus is the Prince of Peace, but he will not nature, spoke the truth, and that men today, and bring peace to the world in any magic way. As he women, may experience that same partaking of the

has always done, he will grant it only according to the divine nature. That is a reality.

law upon which it, like all blessings, is predicated. God help us during these coming holidays that we

Hate breeds hate; love begets love; kindness invites may so contribute our influence that the world in

more kindness, and kindness and love beget peace. great numbers will accept Jesus Christ as our Savior.

When mankind learns that simple lesson, peace will I wish you one and all a joyous Christmas and a come to them as a natural result. Predatory interest happy, successful New Year.

DECEMBER 1961 899 other and wish we could somehow touch their lives with the joy and gladness of Christmas. This spirit

whispers, "They are your kinfolk and their happiness is your concern."

During this joyous week we apply the brakes to the driving power of selfinterest and, like the propeller on an airplane when its blades are reversed, the pull is in the opposite direction. When speed and altitude

....,;=; are reduced the details and beauty of life refresh the soul and inspire gratitude and a desire to serve and partially repay our debt to the giver of life.

And after the Christmas season has passed we disMh IC cover an amazing paradox. We ourselves have experienced more joy while seeking to bring happiness

to others than we have known during all the other weeks of the year when we were so selfishly seeking it. How strange it is that, despite this annual lesson,

men continue to try to find joy where it has never yet been found in selfaggrandizement, the gratification of appetites, following after pride and vain ambition, or attempting to snatch some advantage from others. During this one week when we lose

ourselves, we really find ourselves as the Savior promised, and in this discovery we find enduring satisfacThe tion. We become servants, voluntary servants, and

thereby find a joy we have not known through the balance of the year.

The compass of the spirit of Christmas points conChristmas stantly toward others, never toward ourselves, except to beckon us into the realm of service and comradeship. The spirit of Christmas is ever buoyant, never Spirit earthbound or grounded by accumulated mundane

things. It soars ever by the lifting wings of love and

BY distils its blessings, even as the dews from heaven.

HUGH B. BROWN This richest of all seasons extends its joy into the

is sobering and humbling; it causes OF THE FIRST PRESIDENCY New Year but

introspection and selfanalysis which result in resolutions for future conduct, especially toward other

For fiftyone weeks most men are obsessed with a people.

desire to wring personal profit, economic, social, or To catch the real meaning of the "Spirit of Christpolitical, out of every situation, often without regard mas"we need only to drop the last syllable of the to the effect on the lives and happiness of others. word, and it becomes the "Spirit of Christ."It beckons

The Yuletide is to many people an annual sevenday us to follow him and become worthy of the blessedSabbath. It is a holy season when men rest from the ness which he promised to the most unlikely people—

agitating business of getting and relax into the serene the poor in spirit, the sorrowful, the meek, the seekers joy of giving. after righteousness, the merciful, the pure in heart,

The spirit of Christmas creates interest in others, the peacemakers, and even the persecuted and the minimizes selfserving interests and activities, and oppressed.

searches for opportunities to make others happy. The Thus it is a blessed spirit available to all, not alone

spirit of Christmas illuminates the picture window of to the rich, the influential, the heralded or popular. It

the soul, and we look out upon the world's busy life may pervade the humblest cottage or the palace of and become more interested in people than in things. the king, but only when it is in the hearts of those

We see people struggling and competing with each who live there.

900 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA and Joseph Smith made the Christ supreme in his scheme of things. It is the Christ and his fidelity and

his truth that gave Joseph Smith's announcement the authority and power of God; and hence his

work endures.

Every man's work who builds on the foundation of Christ, even, is to be tested as by fire. Time has

the same effect; and Joseph Smith's work has stood the

test of time as of fire. About the time of the initial

movements that founded the new dispensation of theJoseph Smith gospel of "isms"—'cults,"sprang into existence, reliAN APPRECIATION BY B.H. ROBERTS passedgions, andout philosophiesor have become... butveryall muchthese havelimitedeitheror

reduced as factors in religious and philosophical systems....

say the might Christ Smith what for Joseph ''We # for said If vindication: v li % once the he did not his own

works of God, believe him not, but if he did, though you believe not him, believe the works; that ye may

know and believe that God was with him. For the

works he (Joseph Smith) wrought and their endurance for over 100 years under the searchlight of modern investigation, criticism, mockery, and persecution, are his effectual witness of their truth; the gospel and

the Church he gave, under God, to the world, are his vindication.

There are three broad sources from which may be drawn an account of the Prophet and seer of the new dispensation, his character and his works:

First, the testimony of those who knew him, and received him at his own fullface value of himself—

his zealous disciples;

Second, those to whom he was an enigma—a mystery, that they confess themselves unable to solve;

Third, his outand-out opponents—his enemies;

those who esteemed him more than a heretic, more than a false prophet, whom the world would be well "For other foundation can no man lay than that is served by being rid of, no matter how, and whose laid, which is Jesus Christ. works they would utterly destroy—whom they would

"Now if any man build upon this foundation gold, gladly see cast into hell!

silver, precious stones, wood, hay, stubble; Frankly I confess myself to be of the first class: one

"Every mans work shall be made manifest: for the who believes in him, accepts him as a Prophet of the

day shall declare it, because it shall be revealed by Most High God,... inspired to establish God's truth

fire; and the fire shall try every mans work of what in the world; one who believes in him without

sort it is."(1 Cor. 3:1113.) reservation. To me he was a mighty spirit which

It was a happy circumstance that Joseph Smith made him one of God's "great,"and "noble,"and tried to lay no other foundation than that laid in "good"intelligences in his own right, by the very

Christ Jesus, our Lord. Had he done so his work nature of him;... To this spirit, great, and mighty,

would have been under condemnation from the beand strong, God gave in addition, authority and inginning, but his announced new dispensation included spiration which made him of a quick and mighty the Christ to the very height of his Deity, doctrine, understanding.

and glory. No other foundation could any man lay, In this atmosphere (Continued on page 1000)

DECEMBER 1961 901 In that faroff year of 1906, western towns were new and business houses in these same towns were new.

My deskmate, Lucy Thornton, gave me a coupon worth fifty cents in trade at her papa's new drugstore. This was Mr. Thornton's way of introducing

his new establishment.

The fiftycent coupon made me a plutocrat, and the minute school was out, I hurried to town to invest my wealth. My red fascinator framed eager black

eyes and my hightopped black button shoes beat a happy tattoo on the wooden sidewalk. What could

I buy for me? I had no idea of getting anything for in your anybody else. What was Christmas for, except to

get presents?

Inside the store, Bill Thornton, hovered near while

I walked up one aisle and down another, looking and looking. Blond Bill helped his papa run the store.

"How about this?"Bill asked. He opened a music

box and out tinkled a gay tune, one to match the happy beat of my heart. Bill's blue eyes lingered on

my upturned face, and his eyes smiled in the friendliest sort of way.

His cordial manner didn't mean a thing, I told myself. It was good business to be agreeable to all the

customers. In confusion, my eyes dropped to

902 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 7 2-eni M)i unseeing eyes down the drab street that had been white with snow...

a china figurine. Before Bill returned, I walked out of the store;

Bill's eyes followed mine. Then he twirled the I went with unseeing eyes down the drab street that

little statue round and round, but he kept looking had been white with snow until wagon wheels made at me. muddy gashes in it. My heart had been clean, too,

I said not a word. As usual, I could find no carebut now selfishness made black marks on it.

lessly appropriate things to say. Always I had to be Selfishness whispered, "Be smart. Buy Mama the

like this, incapable of small talk, while other girls perfume, and you can use it, too."

went on and on, like Tennyson's brook. Why hadn't I thought of that?

"Oh, say! This just suits you,"Bill said. He opened I let myself into the kitchen, comfortably warm

a bottle of jasmine perfume and held it to my nose. from the big wood range. Mama had on a pale blue

Mum-m-m! It smelled heavenly. I opened my dress, which brought out the blue of her eyes and the

mouth to say I'd take it, but before any words came, copper of her hair. Mama was pretty. She was tak-

a mighty roar boomed from behind a back partition. ing a pound cake out of the oven, Papa's favorite

"Oh, Bill! O-O-oh, Bill!"and mine, too.

It was Mr. Thornton, Bill's papa. I took blue willow dishes out of the safe and began

"Yes sir! "Bill called to him. To me he said, "Just setting the table, my mind still back in the drugstore

a minute, be right back, don't go way...."intent on the problem of perfume or album.

And then I saw the red plush photograph album. It Papa came in the back door, letting in a blast of

had gilt edges and a gold clasp to hold the pages shut. chill air. Papa was tall, thin, dark, silent. He had

Mama would love it, and it cost just fifty cents. closed the newspaper office, but I somehow knew he

I snapped back to reality with a thud. I didn't was really still there, composing a superb editorial

have two coupons, and one wouldn't buy both perwhich would lift the town to higher heights.

fume and album. Which should I buy, the perfume At the supper table, the other children were interfor me, or the album for Mama? I couldn't make so ested only in food, and Papa, from his faraway look,

important a decision now. was still deep in his (Continued on page 987)

DECEMBER 1961 903 face went white and then red. She sank He rose to go, and I could endure it no longer. I Dolly's

down on the steps and gave way to tears of went to him.

grief and humiliation. It was the first time in "Simon, oh, my dear, what if I should never see

her life she had ever been refused anything. I thought you again!"

it best to maintain a neutral position, so I went up "If you never see me again,"he whispered, his face to bed and left her there sobbing her heart out. against my hair, "I wish you would do something

I had not heard from Simon since the day of our for me."

ride. I had determined to put him out of my mind "Anything."

and heart, difficult though it might be. Then, on "I have a book I wish you would read. It may help

a golden day in early September, he came. He looked you to understand my people."

thin and ill, and my firm resolve melted when I He held out a copy of The Book of Mormon. "This

saw him. was translated by Joseph Smith from ancient writings,

"Where can I see you alone?"under the inspiration of God."

he asked. Then he continued, "Your friend,

"We can go into the garden."CONCLUSION Daniel H. Wells, has joined us. We

"Rachel,"he said, when we were baptized him on August ninth.

seated out under the apple tree, "I Rachel, what you saw out there on want you to forgive me for being the river flat was not the end, but only the beginning. Our leaders areso hasty. I should not have surThe

prised you in the manner I did."in Nebraska now, preparing a winter

"There is nothing to forgive."quarters for our people to come to.

He took my hand. "There isn't They intend to lead us west to

time for me to court you in the Hivers of a place of safety."He held me

proper way. I may be far away close. "Rachel, Rachel, if I survive,

tomorrow or even dead."could there be a chance for us?"

"Don't say that,"I protested. "I do not know. But I will pray

"You don't know what has hapBabylon to God that you will survive."

pened the past few days. Major Then he left.

Parker disbanded his forces and left BY In our house, Dolly had not foryesterday, thinking he was no longer VIRGINIA given Jeremy for opposing her in needed. But one of our friends in MAUGHAN the matter of the petition. He came

Quincy reports that a mob is formKAMMEYER to me one afternoon and asked, ing and intends to force us to leave. "Rachel, what am I to do?"

It may be marching on Nauvoo right "I think that you are doing all that now. We have sent a desperate a man can."

message to the governor asking him "No, not everything. But I will

to send us someone to take Major go and fight if the city is attacked.

Parker's place. But at best it can Rachel, I want you and Dolly to

be only a temporary measure, to pack to leave. Simon Kincaid will

grant us a little respite until we are lend me his wagon to drive you able to get our women and children, down to Warsaw. There you can

our old people and our sick across the river."He take a boat down river to Aunt Tabitha's in

bowed his head and leaned against the tree. "The Cincinnati."

governor of the great state of Illinois is a coward I much preferred to stay, but I knew that Jeremy and a weakling. If he had stood by his pledges to would wish me to take care of Dolly.

us, Joseph Smith would be alive, and we would still He must have sensed my thoughts. "What do you

be in possession of our homes and farms."really want, Rachel? I'm not completely blind. How

"Is there nothing you can do?"I asked. much does Simon mean to you?"

"We have someone up in the tower of the temple, "He has asked me to marry him."

watching with a spyglass. We have no arms to "And?"

defend ourselves with, but we have taken two old "I had to tell him I could not."

steamboat shafts and converted them into cannon, "Dear Rachel! I hope that happiness lies someby cutting them in two and plugging one end. We where ahead for you."The next morning Dolly and

have melted down lead for shot."I were packed and ready to leave.

904 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

I had a brief farewell with Simon. "We will be and nights we remained up there listening to the firing

safe,"he said. "Reinforcements arrived this morning of cannon and rifle, only creeping down to the kitchen

under command of a Major Clifford."for a little food and water. We spent the time reading

Then we left, driving south toward Warsaw. We the Book of Mormon that Simon had given me. One

had scarcely passed the limits of the city when we night as we lay in bed, Dolly said to me, "Rachel, I were halted by sudden shots past our heads. A group have been thinking about what we have read—how

of men rode out of the woods and stopped in the Sariah, the wife of Lehi was willing to leave her nice middle of the road. things and follow her husband into the wilderness.

"No one's allowed outside the city, except to cross Oh, Rachel, I have been very wicked and selfish. But

the river."I am going to promise the Lord that if he spares

"We are not Mormons,"Jeremy explained. Jeremy, I will do anything he asks of me."

The man leveled his gun at us and scowled. I put my arms around her, and we clung together

"Makes no difference. We're the for mutual comfort.

Quincy Committee, and we're takin'On the third day the firing

Nauvoo!"stopped. Simon and Jeremy came

We had no choice but to turn pounding on the door, and we hasback, and had scarcely reached tened to let them in. They fell exhome when the sound of firing told hausted into chairs, their faces black

us the city was being attacked. with cannon smoke and a threeday's

Jeremy grabbed his rifle and ran. growth of beard.

Dolly clasped her hands in an- "We were beaten,"Jeremy anguish as he left without so much nounced. "We were forced to

as a word of farewell. "Jeremy,"surrender and turn over our arms."

she cried, but he was either too far "But it isn't as bad as it sounds,"away to hear or chose not to answer. added Simon. "'General'Brockman,

, With the aid of Major Clifford's the mob leader, has promised to wait forces, the mob was soon routed. until noon tomorrow before he enters

The major received the congratuthe city. Furthermore, he has promlations and thanks of the people of ised to treat all citizens with kindNauvoo and that evening marched ness and turn over our arms to us

out of town. when we have crossed the river."

Simon came to us the next morn- "The hero of the battle was Squire ing, looking very grim and pale. Wells,"said Jeremy. "You should

"The congratulations were a little have seen him riding across an open premature. The mob has reformed, field, exposed to the fire of the

with reinforcements of possibly enemy, calling upon the men to ad- a thousand men! They wheeled... the sound of firing vance. At his brave example we

their cannon up behind a haystack told us the city was drove them back and would have early this morning and commenced being attacked. Jeremy beaten them, had our forces been

firing. We are throwing up a barrigrabbed his rifle and ran. sufficient."

cade on Mulholland Street, with "General"Brockman broke his most of the men of the city taking positions promise at the outset by entering the city at dawn.

behind it."His men charged in with several hundred wagons,

Then he led me into the parlor, pressed a pistol yelling, cursing, and driving the terrified citiinto my hands, and showed me how to load it. zens before them as they galloped down the streets.

"Rachel,"he said, "if our side is defeated, you Where houses looked promising, they leaped from will be at the mercy of a mob. I saw what happened their wagons, broke in, and stole what they could

to helpless women when we were driven from carry out.

Missouri. If we can't withstand them, if we are We locked ourselves in the house and waited for

killed, dear heaven! protect yourselves as best them to come. When they did, it was as a force of

you can!"twenty men with rifles and bayonets.

He ran out with Jeremy to help defend the city, "Come out and surrender in the name of the law!"

and Dolly and I locked ourselves in my bedroom with they cried.

the wardrobe pushed against the door. For three days We were taken up to ( Continued on page 1001

DECEMBER 1961 905 REPORT; CHANGES IN THE LEADING QUORUMS OF THE CHURCH NEXT EIGHT PAGES

GORDON B. HINCKLEY

OF THE QUORUM OFTHE TWELVE

BY WENDELL J. ASHTON

He looked like the times in which he lived. He was lean, and freckles were

beginning to fade from his thin face. In a few days he would be twentythree.

His name was Gordon Bitner Hinckley, and the roses were just beginning to bloom across Salt Lake Valley in 1933. But conditions in America were anything

but rosy. It was the bottom of the Great Depression. People sang "Brother, Can

You Spare a Dime,"and men who once had prospered were selling apples on the streets.

Gordon Hinckley, who had been graduated from the University of Utah a year earlier, had been working at a small job to put together enough money to take him to Columbia University to continue his studies in English and journalism.

Then a tall man stepped in, John C. Duncan, bishop of the First Ward of

Liberty Stake. A mission was discussed. Relatively few young men were getting

mission calls then. Parents just did not have the means. Gordon Hinckley had

always been a faithful boy in the Church. But now college and a love of literature had lifted his eyes toward a career in journalism. But he answered the

challenge of the Church. And that was the beginning of a new life for him—a life

that was to become a mission instead of a career. That first mission actually

lasted twentyeight years, except for two years during World War II.

Elder Hinckley's mission reached a new crest on a Saturday morning in 1961, the last day of September. The sun was just beginning to send its glow over

906 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA towering Mount Olympus to the east of Gordon and been called to the Council of the Twelve there are

Marjorie Hinckley's white frame home in East Mill more than 9,000 missionaries in sixtyfour missions

Creek. Marjorie answered the telephone at about around the world. Their harvest of souls will approxiseven o'clock. It was President David O. McKay. mate 90,000 this year.

When Gordon B. Hinckley greeted President McKay Following his labors in Lancashire, Elder Hinckley

fortyfive minutes later, a new call came—to the Counwas assigned to London where he became assistant

cil of the Twelve. Later that day Elder Hinckley was to Elder Joseph F. Merrill of the Council of the

sustained an apostle, a witness for Jesus the Christ. Twelve, presiding over the European Mission.

Next day, at the concluding conference session, the When Elder Hinckley returned to Salt Lake City new apostle said with his typically sincere, "overthe- after a successful completion of his mission, he was backfence"eloquence: asked by President Merrill to meet with the First

"I would like to say that this cause is either true or Presidency concerning the missions in Europe. Presifalse. Either this is the kingdom of God, or it is a dent Heber J. Grant said: "Brother Hinckley, we'll

sham and a delusion. Either Joseph talked with the give you fifteen minutes."

Father and the Son or he did not. If he did not, we One hour and fifteen minutes later, the young misare engaged in a blasphemy. If he did, we have a sionary emerged from the room. In a few days,

duty from which none of us can shrink—to declare President David O. McKay, then Second Counselor

to the world the living reality of the God of the uniin the First Presidency, called Elder Hinckley and told verse, the Father of us all and his Son the Lord Jesus him that the Church would like him to become execuChrist, the Savior of the world, our Redeemer, the tive secretary of the Church Radio, Publicity, and

Author of our salvation, the Prince of Peace. Mission Literature Committee. Elder Stephen L

"I give you my testimony that this is true."Richards, then of the Council of the Twelve, was

Gordon B. Hinckley had spoken words like those chairman.

twentysix years before, from a portable wooden stand He went to work in getting out filmstrips, picturing to a shifting, critical crowd in London's Hyde Park. the Mormon Pioneers, the temples, modernday prophThat testimony has guided his actions since. And ets, the Book of Mormon, and other subjects. As the

through nearly three decades he in turn has cast years rolled on, he turned his versatile skills to other a mighty imprint on the unfolding missionary effort missionary tools, and for a quarter of a century, he of the restored Church. supervised the LDS Sunday evening KSL radio proElder Hinckley began his missionary labors in grams. He wrote two books to assist missionaries. He

Preston, a town of spires and green hedges in a cloudy authored and produced (Continued on page 978) north England. The gospel

harvest was sparse in Britain when Elder Hinckley began knocking on tenement doors.. t t

and preaching at night in Preston's lonely market square.

In 1933, a total of 525 missionaries were sent into the field. Approximately 7,000

converts were being brought into the Church each year then, in all of the missions of the world. In the year

that Elder Hinckley has

Pictured is the Gordon B.

Hinckley family, front row, left to right, Clark; Cynthia.

Back row, Virginia; Sister

Hinckley; Elder Hinckley and

granddaughter Heather Barnes;

Kathleen Hinckley Barnes; N.

Alan Barnes.

j Insert] Richard G., serving on

a mission in Germany.

DECEMBER 1961 907 Bishop Joseph L. Wirthlin Elder Thorpe B. Isaacson

serving to 22, 1926 from February April 22, Ward,JOSEPH L. WIRTHLIN the of bishop ordained that he was 1928, when wardRETIRING PRESIDING BISHOP

and served until April 14, 1935. He was then called

BY CARTER E. GRANT, EDITORIAL ASSOCIATE into the high council of Liberty Stake, May 1935 to

October 27, 1935, when he was made president of

Joseph Leopold Wirthlin—carrying an ancestral Swiss the Bonneville Stake and served until April 6, 1938.

name—was born to Joseph and Emma Hilstead WirthHe was then appointed second counselor to LeGrand

lin in Salt Lake City, August 14, 1893, sixtyeight Richards in the Presiding Bishopric of the Church, years ago. His mother "... was a talented singer and and on December 14, 1946, he was chosen first counmusician, a brilliant and beautiful woman of unusual selor, serving until he was called to be Presiding

spirituality and leadership. At the time of her death, Bishop, April 6, 1952, magnifying that calling until

she was president of the Relief Society of the Eleventh released, September 30, 1961. He has now received

Ward of Salt Lake City."(Improvement Era, pp. 146- a rather new appointment, Secretary and Treasurer

149, 1953, Bryant S. Hinckley.) of the Deseret Holding Corporation, having considerAfter graduating from high school and serving as able to do with the everexpanding properties of the

president of his ward YMMIA, "Joseph L."was called, LDS Church, the world around.

October 20, 1913, to the SwissGerman Mission—back "Bishop Wirthlin is a great man,"declared Bishop

to the land of his ancestors—but a year later, owing to Carl W. Buehner, addressing the October conference

the outbreak of World War I, he finished his mission 1961, "a man of integrity, a man of honesty, a man in the Central States. He was married in the Salt Lake whose word is good all the time, and it is to Bishop

Temple September 14, 1916, to Madeline Bitner, Wirthlin that I owe the great honor that came to me, "... the youngest of a group of ten daughters, all since he is the man who asked that I serve with him

attractive, interesting, and brilliant women."{Idem.) as a counselor in the Presiding Bishopric."

They have three sons and two daughters. In his last conference address as Presiding Bishop,

Ward and stake appointments began pouring in Elder Wirthlin declared: "I want to bear testimony to

upon this returned missionary. After ten years of you that I know that Joseph Smith was a Prophet. I

loyal service he was called to be second counselor am so grateful that in my own soul I can bear that to Bishop Joseph Hyrum Grant in the Thirtythird testimony without any hesitation."

908 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Elder Thorpe B. Isaacson and his family, front row, left to

right, Peter (son of Richard A. Isaacson and Gayle Olsen

Isaacson); Elder Thorpe B. Isaacson; Judith; Sister Isaacson;

Rebecca Tribe.

Back row, Richard A. Isaacson and his wife Gayle Olsen

Isaacson; Royal L. Tribe and his wife Joyce Isaacson Tribe;

Royal L. Tribe III.

Elder Carl W. Buehner

to Council the chosen an assistant he was 1961, when

Salt the 1920, in Lake the THORPE B. ISAACSON of Twelve. June 16, On

RETIRING FIRST COUNSELOR, PRESIDING Temple he married Lulu Maughan Jones of WellsBISHOPRIC, NEW ASSISTANT ville, Cache County, Utah. They have two children,

TO THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE Richard A. Isaacson and Lulu Joyce Isaacson Tribe.

"I bear testimony to you,"declared Elder Isaacson

Praising Bishop Thorpe B. Isaacson, who had just in his talk at the last general conference, "that I know

been sustained an Assistant to the Council of the Joseph Smith was a prophet of God, as I know PresiTwelve, Bishop Carl W. Buehner, who had served dent David O. McKay is a prophet of God. There

for nine years in the Presiding Bishopric with Elder isn't a day that I do not pray for President McKay."

Isaacson, declared in his conference address, "I have enjoyed my labors with Bishop Isaacson; and we have

a great time together. been in many had We have

council knees meetings. on our many CARL W. BUEHNER We have been

times, invoking the blessings of the Almighty in the RETIRING SECOND COUNSELOR, great responsibilities that are those of members of the PRESIDING BISHOPRIC

Presiding Bishopric."

In the business world, Bishop Thorpe B. Isaacson On October 25, 1961, Carl William Buehner, former

was a leader in the life insurance business in the West second counselor in the Presiding Bishopric of the and at one time was selected as his company's "most LDS Church, was chosen second assistant in the genvaluable representative among all of the agents in eral superintendency of the Young Men's Mutual

America."During these days he also served enerImprovement Association to act with Superintendent

getically as second counselor in the Yale Ward Joseph T. Bentley and first assistant, Marvin J. Ashton.

bishopric until chosen, December 14, 1946, by PresidBishop Buehner, who was born in Stuttgart, Gering Bishop LeGrand Richards to be his second counmany, a son of Carl Frederick and Anna Geigle selor in the Presiding Bishopric. He was ordained Buehner, came to Salt Lake City with his parents

a bishop on that day, and six years later, April 6, 1952, when he was but two years old. Through his elehe was set apart as first counselor to Bishop Joseph L. mentary and high school days he excelled in athletics,

Wirthlin, which position he held until September 30, and upon leaving high school, attended the Chicago

DECEMBER 1961 909 Institute of Technology. Returning to Utah, he entered the brickmaking business with his father's sons.

He also did building contract work on a rather extensive scale while laying the ground floor for the family Buehner Block Company that manufactures various building materials. Not only is Elder Buehner

the president of this company, but he is vice president of the Utah Fur Farms, Inc.; director and part owner

of the Brookfield Products, Inc., a grain and feed

business; secretary and director of the Sunset Lawn

Memorial Corporation, also president of the newlyincorporated Beehive State Bank.

Elder Buehner as a young man held various positions in the priesthood quorums and the auxiliaries of his ward, and at twentyone years, he went on a mission to the Eastern States. After his return he married

Lucile Thurman in the Salt Lake Temple, August 22, 1922. Later in the Forest Dale Ward, he served in

the bishopric as second counselor, first counselor, and bishop. He became a member of the Granite Stake

high council, and then the second counselor, first counselor, and president of his stake. During his

presidency, he was chosen chairman of the Salt Lake

Region of the Church welfare program and later held Elder Bot/d K. Packer

the same position in the Pioneer Region. In 1951 he

was released as president of the Granite Stake and appointed to the general welfare committee of the

Church and was closely associated with the Church welfare program until his recent release.

On April 6, 1952, he was appointed second counselor to Joseph L. Wirthlin, Presiding Bishop of the

Church, and was set apart April 10, by President J.

Reuben Clark, Jr.

When he was released from the Presiding Bishopric,

September 30, 1961, he addressed the Saints, declaring: "When I was sustained as the second counselor

in the Presiding Bishopric, I remember saying to the

Church that I pledged my wholehearted support to

Bishop Wirthlin, Bishop Isaacson, and the leaders of the Church; and at least in a reasonable measure, I

have accomplished this. I have enjoyed my work. All GayleAnn,Pictured Spencer.above areSecondfrontrow,leftElderto right,Packer Russell,and SisterKathleen,Packer.

along the line, people have been so grand. I am so Back, David, Allen, Kenneth, and Laurel.

grateful for all of the marvelous blessings that have come to me....

"I appreciate family. four children my were My BOYD K. PACKER

..all in the married temple. their. They and companions have never embarrassed me for one minute. ASSISTANT TO THE

They are all active and devoted to the Church. One COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

cannot help loving children and grandchildren like ALBERT L. ZOBELL, JR.

these. So, you see, the Lord has been good to me."RESEARCH EDITOR

(For additional biographical sketches and pictures of the retiring Presiding Bishopric, see the Improvement As the General Authorities and general officers of

Era, May 1952 and March 1953, articles by Marba the Church were presented for the sustaining vote of

Cannon Josephson and Bryant S. Hinckley.) the Saints at the semiannual general conference in the

910 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Tabernacle, Saturday morning, September 30, 1961, and clerical work. He has learned of the testimonies

President Henry D. Moyle presented the name of and the devotion of the Saints in all parts of the

Boyd K. Packer as Assistant to the Council of Church, as they have built chapels and other Church

the Twelve. buildings under the direction of the farflung Church

Elder Packer, at 37, is a young man whose lifespan building committee program.

has been intertwined with the youth of the Church He was born in Ogden, Utah, December 18, 1904, and the solving of its problems. the son of Dirk and Maria Alkema Vandenberg. He

He has assisted in the supervision of the weekday grew to manhood there, being active in the Church religious classes of about 75,000 students who are enwhile attending elementry and high school. He was

rolled in the churchoperated seminaries and institutes then called to the Netherlands Mission, serving from of religion. February 1926 to July 1928; from April 1927 to the end

His career in education includes experience as of his mission, he was mission secretary under Presi- a seminary instructor, LDS coordinator of Indian dent John P. Lillywhite.

affairs at the Intermountain School in Brigham City, Beginning in April 1939 he served in the presiUtah, and assistant to the vice administrator of the dency of an elders'quorum in the Mount Ogden

Unified Church School System. Stake, then for a year he was a member of the MelLess than two months before being called to assist chizedek Priesthood committee of that stake.

the Council of the Twelve, Elder Packer had been named as a member of the administrative council of

Brigham Young University and the Church School

System.

At the time of this call he was finishing up his own schoolwork leading toward a doctorate degree.

During World War II Elder Packer was a bomber pilot in the Pacific theater of operations.

He was born at Brigham City, September 10, 1924, a son of the late Ira W. and Emma Jensen Packer. He

is a former member of the Brigham City city council, and served for six years as a high councilman in the

North Box Elder Stake.

He and his wife, the former Donna Smith, are the parents of eight children.

Elder Packer was set apart as an Assistant to the

Council of the Twelve on October 6, 1961 by President Henry D. Moyle. There are currently twelve

high priests who are called as Assistants to the Council of the Twelve.

JOHN H. VANDENBERG

PRESIDING BISHOP Bishop ALBERT I. ZOBELL, JR. John H. Vandenberg

RESEARCH EDITOR

A new Presiding Bishopric was sustained at the 131st semiannual general conference, September 30, 1961. Elder John Henry Vandenberg became the

ninth Presiding Bishop to hold that position in this dispensation.

Bishop Vandenberg has served as vice chairman of Pictured at right is Sisthe Church building committee since 1955. There his ter Vandenberg, Inaccessibility of family members

responsibilities have placed him in charge of finances prevented family picture.

DECEMBER 1961 911 The Bishop Robert L. Simpson family, left to right, Robert,

Sister Simpson, Steven, Bishop Simpson, and Christine.

Bishop Robert L. Simpson

His employment took him to Denver where he was Simpson. Southern California has been his home

called on a stake mission, serving as mission president since he was five.

from June 22, 1941 to June 28, 1942. During this time As a young man, in April 1937, he was called to

he was senior president of the 309th quorum of serve in the New Zealand Mission. During the secseventy, and on June 28, 1942 he was sustained as the ond month of his mission he dreamed that upon

first counselor in the presidency of the Denver Stake. returning home he found the people of his ward all

At present he is a partner in the Audio Visual Center using the Maori tongue. He awoke abruptly, feeling

at Denver. that the native language of New Zealand would someSince coming to Salt Lake City, he was sustained, how be of use to him after his mission, and therefore

in February 1959, second counselor in the Ensign he must put forth more effort in learning it. In this

Stake presidency, and was released from that position he was blessed, and when he was released in April on October 29, 1961. 1940, he had a fair knowledge of it.

Bishop Vandenberg married Rena Stok of Ogden, Upon entering the Armed Forces in World War II in the Salt Lake Temple June 18, 1930. The couple he thought that his overseas assignment might take

have two married daughters. him again to New Zealand where he could perhaps

President David O. McKay ordained him a bishop assist President Matthew Cowley of the New Zealand

and set him apart as Presiding Bishop of the Church Mission on a parttime basis in that land that was then

October 6, 1961. woefully short of missionaries. His overseas assignment took him to Cairo, Egypt! There he found that

he was not more than thirty minutes from a base ofROBERT L. SIMPSON

OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC a Maori battalion. Sundays found him attending

ALBERT I. ZOBELL, JR. Sacrament meeting with those brethren, speaking to

RESEARCH EDITOR them in their own tongue, and sharing their problems.

Elder Robert Leatham Simpson, whom Bishop VanBishop Simpson served as mission president in Ingledenberg selected as his first counselor, has only wood (California) Stake from December 1940 to recently returned to his home in Southern California March 1943; as LDS coordinator for servicemen in

from presiding over the New Zealand Mission. BishEgypt, February 1943 to February 1946; Inglewood

op Simpson, a native of Salt Lake City, was born Stake high councilman March 31, 1946—February 1947;

August 8, 1915, to Heber C. and Lillie C. Leatham counselor in the Inglewood Ward bishopric, February

912 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Pictured above are front left to right, Sister Brown, Stephen

M., Patricia L., and Bishop Brown, Back row, Gerald E., Joanne

K., and Victor L., Jr.

Bishop Victor Lee Brown 1947—September 1948; stake YMMIA superintendent, sistant in the stake YMMIA superintendency; and

September 1948—December 1949; high councilman Denver, where he was called as bishop of the Denver

January 1950—August 1958, and was called as New Fourth Ward, in January 1953, serving there for one

Zealand Mission president in July 1958. He has also year. In January 1954 he was sustained as second

served as seminary teacher and seminary supervisor counselor in the Denver Stake presidency, and in in the Inglewood area. 1956, he was sustained as first counselor in that stake

He married Jelaire Kathryn Chandler June 24, 1942 presidency. In 1960, his company (United Air Lines)

in the Mesa Temple. They have two sons and transferred him to Chicago as assistant to the director

a daughter. of reservations. He has been with the airline since

Bishop Simpson was ordained a bishop and set apart 1940. In the Chicago area, too, the Church has made

for his new position in the Church on October 6, 1961 use of Bishop Brown's church training and experience.

by President Henry D. Moyle. On November 13, 1936 he married Lois Kjar in the

Salt Lake Temple. They are the parents of five

VICTOR LEE BROWN children.Bishop Brown is a nephew of President Hugh B.OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC Brown of the First Presidency. On October 6, 1961

L.ALBERT ZOBEL.L. JR. President Brown set Bishop Brown apart as second EDITORRESEARCH

counselor in the Presiding Bishopric. (Bishop Brown

Elder Victor Lee Brown, second counselor to Bishop was previously ordained a bishop when he was called

Vandenberg, is a native of Cardston, Alberta, Canada, as bishop of the Denver Fourth Ward.)

where he was born July 31, 1914, a son of Gerald S. From Salt Lake City, southern California, and Chiand Maggie Lee Brown. He received his education in cago have come these new brethren of the Presiding

Cardston and in Salt Lake City. Bishopric. Their roots and their training have been

He served as first counselor in his deacons'quorum, somewhat the same. They are already working as

as first counselor in his teachers'quorum, both in a team with the same goal in mind "to strengthen the

Cardston; and as secretary of his priests'quorum after church always."The Improvement Era welcomes

the family had moved to Salt Lake City. Bishop Vandenberg, Bishop Simpson, and Bishop

He has been active in the Church in Salt Lake City, Brown to their new assignments in the kingdom

Washington, D. C, where he served as second asof God.

DECEMBER 1961 913 Of all the holidays which have graced the earth since the dawn of time Christmas alone has tended to become universal and that because it centers about the one universal citizen of the world and the one universal brother of all mankind.

On Christmas Eve the thoughts of countless millions of the earth's inhabitants will turn back nineteen centuries of time; and men, women,

and children will stand awed once more before a lowly manger and with humbled hearts give obeisance to a child—so marvelous is the retrospective power of the mind of man.

Yet that child came into the world without any of the heritage which men seemingly prize. Neither

wealth, nor power, nor fame was his. Neither was he, during his

short life, to seek them. Stripped

of all but the power of his amazing personality and character, this Babe grown to manhood was in the short space of three years to plant teachings in the hearts of men which would transform the world.

This infant, however, did not come into the world unheralded.

Amazing as it may seem, his coming had been looked to for thousands of

BY WILLIAM E. BERRETT years. It had been the subject of

VICEADMINISTRATOR many a long talk of fathers to their

UNIFIED CHURCH SCHOOL SYSTEM sons, had heightened the message of many a prophet, and brightened the hopes of many a troubled soul.

For this babe, wrapped in swaddling clothes, was the Son of the Living

God, and glorious indeed were the

manifestations of his birth to those and are come to worship him."great lights in heaven, insomuch that

who remembered and believed. (Matt. 2:2.) in the night before he cometh there

In at least three widely scattered Being informed by the scribes of shall be no darkness, insomuch that places in the earth his birth was the court that the prophecy of Micah it shall appear unto men as if it known and hearts were quickened. called for his birth at Bethlehem of was day.

In Bethlehem, as the cry of the inJudea, they went thither. "Therefore, there shall be one day

fant Jesus broke through the low "And when they were come into and a night and a day, as if it were tinkling of camel bells, shepherds the house, they saw the young child one day and there were no night;

on the nearby plain started at the with Mary his mother, and fell and this shall be unto you for a sound of heavenly voices singing, down, and worshipped him: and sign; for ye shall know of the rising

and thrilled to the announcement of when they had opened their treasof the sun and also of its setting;

an angel: ures, they presented unto him gifts; therefore ye shall know of a surety

"... Fear not: for, behold, I bring gold, and frankincense, and myrrh."that there shall be two days and a

you good tidings of great joy, which (Ibid,, 2:11.) night; nevertheless the night shall

shall be to all people. In at least one other part of the not be darkened; and it shall be the

is born. "For unto you is born this day in world, a part then unknown to either night before he

the city of David a Saviour, which the shepherds or the wise men, rec- "And behold, there shall a new ords reveal that the birth of Christ star arise, such an one as ye neveris Christ the Lord.

was known and the knowledge have beheld; and this also shall be

"And this shall be a sign unto greeted with rejoicing. a sign unto you."(Helaman 14:2-5.)

you; Ye shall find the babe wrapped Somewhere on the American conEven with this remarkable forein swaddling clothes, lying in a tinent a race of people who called knowledge of his coming, the close

manger. themselves Nephites looked forward of the fiveyear period found few "And suddenly there was with the steadily to the coming of a Savior. believing in what the prophets had

angel a multitude of the heavenly The number of those who stood firm foretold. These few, led by one

host praising God, and saying, in their belief came in time to be Nephi, were ridiculed and perse- "Glory to God in the highest, and few when compared with the scepticuted by those who disbelieved in on earth peace, good will toward cal and disbelieving. Five years such things.

men."(Luke 2:1014.) before the birth of Jesus there came In fact, as time went on and the

A thousand miles to the east, among them a prophet known as signs did not appear, a day was set

Magi, the Wise Men, somehow acSamuel, the Lamanite, who spoke apart by the unbelievers upon which quainted with the prophecies of the these significant words: all who professed belief in those

coming of the Christ, found in a new "... Behold, I give unto you a ancient traditions should be put to

star which appeared in the heavens sign; for five years more cometh, and death save the sign should come to

the longlooked for sign of his birth. behold, then cometh the Son of God pass which had been given by the

These traversed desert and plain to redeem all those who shall beProphet Samuel.

and later were inquiring at the lieve on his name. Nephi, the leader of the faithful,

court of Herod, "Where is he that "And behold, this will I give unto seeing his people about to be deis born King of the Jews? for we you for a sign at the time of his stroyed, bowed himself in prayer

have seen his star in the east, coming; for behold, there shall be (Continued on page 1000)

DECEMBER 1961 915 On tke4 following pages... talks given at the

OF THE CHURCH OF JESUS CHRIST OF LATTERDAY

916 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

SAINTS, SALT LAKE TABERNACLE, SEPT. 29, 30; OCT. 1, 1961

DECEMBER 1961 917 a

NewsSalt Lake Telegram, September flower a style in cookery, or in costumes 23, 1961.)—each brought some homelike familiar

A West Berlin official said the largest thing.

number of refugees ever reported in "Hatred of oldtime neighbors, na- a single day was 3,793 persons who fled tional prejudices and ambitions, trato Berlin on May 28, 1953. It is reditional fears, set standards of living,

graceless intolerance, class rights, andTHE CAUSE ported that new arrivals in 1961 (this year) have increased the number of the demand of class—these were barredOF LIBERTY refugees who have fled East Germany at the gates.

during the month of August to nearly "At the altar of America, we have

President David O. McKay 20,000. More than 150,000 seeking freesworn ourselves to a simple loyalty. We

dom from the domination of comhave bound ourselves to sacrifice and munism have crossed the border so far struggle, to plan and to work for this

Clouds hung over the eastern horizon this year—150,000! (See Ibid., August one land. We have given that we

this morning. When I met my asso12, 1961.) may gain; we have surrendered that we

ciates, I noticed that some of them were In contrast to the barbaric staterule may have victory!"

carrying their topcoats, but I am pleased of the communist, from which these There is a significant reference in the to see the sun shining at the opening people are fleeing by the hundreds of Apocalypse to "a war in heaven."(See

of this great conference. There are thousands, I call your attention this Rev. 12:7.) It is not only significant

many in the world who see hanging morning to the freedomloving spirit of but also seemingly contradictory, for over the international horizon threatenAmerica. On Bedloe's Island in New we think of heaven as a celestial abode

ing clouds also. There are storms York harbor stands the Statue of of bliss, an impossible condition where

ahead! Liberty—a gift of the French people to war and contention could exist. The

I am prompted by the outlook to take the American people. Israel Zangwill, passage u significant inasmuch as it sets

as a text for the few words that I shall in The Melting Pot, gives the words forth the fact there is freedom of choice say this morning, an encouraging spoken by David, the Russian emigrant and of action in the spirit world. This

thought from the Thirtyfirst Psalm: Jew, as follows: contention in heaven arose over the

"Be of good courage, and he shall "All my life America was waiting, desire of Satan "... to destroy the

heart, agency yourstrengthen which I the Lord, had all ye that hope beckoning, of man, place where shining—the

31:24.) 4:3.) him,in the Lord."(Psalm all given..."(Moses from off God would wipe away tears

Sixty or seventy years ago, when faces. To think that the same great Freedom of thought, freedom of

United States history was an essential torch of Liberty which threw its light speech, freedom of action within boundcourse in elementary public school across all the seas and lands into my aries that do not infringe upon the teaching, many a boy was thrilled by little garret in Russia is shining also liberty of others are man's inherent

Patrick Henry's dramatic declaration: for all those other weeping millions of right, granted him by his Creator

"Is life so dear, or peace so sweet, as to Europe, shining wherever men hunger divine gifts "essential to human dignity be purchased at the price of chains and and are oppressed, shining over the and human happiness."

slavery? Forbid it, Almighty God! I starving villages of Italy, Ireland, over "Therefore, cheer up your hearts,"

know not what course others may take; the swarming, starving cities of Poland, admonished an ancient prophet in the

but as for me, give me liberty or give and Galicia, over the ruined farms of Book of Mormon, "and remember that."me death!"Patrick Henry was then Romania, over the shambles of Russia. ye are free to act for yourselves—..

a delegate to the Second Revolutionary When I look at our Statue of Liberty, I (2 Nephi 10:23.)

Convention held at Richmond, Virginia, just seem to hear the voice of America "This love of liberty which God has

March 23, 1775. crying: 'Come unto me, all ye who are planted in us,"said Abraham Lincoln,

The Creator, who gave man life, weary and heavy laden, and I will give "constitutes the bulwark of our liberty planted in his heart the seed of liberty. you rest.'and independence. It is not our frownFree agency, as life, is a gift from God. In the September 1961, issue of Highing battlements, our bristling seacoasts,

"Do you wish to be free? Then above ways to Happiness, a little pamphlet our army, and our navy. Our defense

all things, love God, love your neighmany of you receive, I was pleased with is in the spirit which prizes liberty as bor, love one another, love the common the timely comment that, and I quote: the heritage of all men, in all lands,

weal; then you will have true liberty.""America is a land of but one people, everywhere. Destroy this spirit, and we

(Savonarola.) gathered from many nations. Some have planted the seeds of despotism at

Last Saturday, September 23, 1961, came for love of money, and some our very doors."

fearing they might be deprived of this came for love of freedom. Whatever the Brethren, the opposite of freedom isinalienable right, two women—"one lure that brought them here, each gave bondage, servility, restraint—conditions

fiftyseven and the other sixtythree, his gift. Irish lad and Scotch, Englishthat inhibit mentality, stifle the spirit,

leaped from an East Berlin apartment man and Dutch, Italian, Greek, and and crush manhood. To coerce, to

building, fronting on a West Berlin French, Spaniard, Slav, Teuton, Norse compel, to bring into servitude is Satan's street. West Berlin firemen caught all have come bearing gifts, and have plan for the human family.

them in a safety net while communist laid them on the altar of America. Throughout the history of the world

police [Vopos] looked on without "All brought music, and their instruman has contended even to death to shooting. ments for the making of music. free himself from bondage and usurpa-

"West Berlin police reported that an- "All brought their poetry, winged tion, or to retain the freedom he already other family in a border house was tales of man's many passions; ballads of possessed. This is particularly true in

preparing to leap into the firemen's nets heroes and tunes of the sea; lilting regard to the right to worship. Atwhen the lights in their apartment scraps caught from sky and field, or tempts to control the consciences of men

suddenly went out."mighty dramas that tell of primal strughave always resulted in conflict. To

The local press tells us that "when gles of the profoundest meaning. decide one's own relationship to the

the lights flashed on again, West Ber- "Then, each brought some homely Creator and to his creations is the liners saw the apartment was full of things, some touch of the familiar natural and inalienable right of all.

Vopos [policemen]. There was no sign home field or forest, kitchen or dress—Equally fundamental and important

of the wouldbe escapees."(Deseret favorite tree or fruit, an accustomed to man's happiness and progress is the

918 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA right of personal security, the right of to develop an honorable, upright indiestablish the ideal society. This can

personal liberty, and the right of prividual in an ideal society known as the come only by a transformation within vate property. The right of personal kingdom of God. the individual soul—a life brought into

security consists in the enjoyment of Nearly two thousand years have harmony with the divine will. We must

life, limbs, body, health, and reputapassed, and the world is still a long he "born again."

tion. Life, being the immediate gift of way from the realization of either Though nearly 2,000 years have passed

God, is a right inherent by nature in achievement. Indeed, today Christianity since Jesus taught the gospel of brotherevery individual. Likewise, man has itself, and its handmaiden, Democracy, hood, it seems as difficult for men today

a natural inherent right to his limbs. are on trial before the world tribunal. as in Christ's day to believe that peace

His personal liberty consists in the right Conditions in this wartorn world seem and truth can come only by conforming of changing one's situation or habitation to bear witness that men are forever our lives to the law of love. Men still

according to will. The right of property learning, but never coming to a knowlfind the greatest difficulty in accepting

consists in the free use, enjoyment, and edge of the truth. this central core of Christ's teachings.

disposal of all acquisitions, without conThough true Christianity as expressed Manifestly, there has not been much trol or diminution save by the laws of in the divine law, "... love the Lord cessation of man's inhumanity to man

the land. The right of private property thy God with all thy heart, and with through the centuries. Notwithstandis sacred and inviolable. If any part of all thy soul, and with all thy mind... ing this, I believe that right and truth

these inalienable individual possessions and thy neighbour as thyself,"(Matt. will eventually triumph.

should be required by the State, they 22:37, 39) has never yet been accepted Today, as we see hovering over the

should be given only with the consent and practised by the nations of the nations of the earth the everdarkening of the people. world, yet the Spirit of the Christ has, clouds of nuclear war, we are prone to

When King John of England, whom like leaven in the lump, been influencthink that righteousness among men is

Dickens calls "a coward and detestable ing society toward the realization of waning. In our own beloved country,

villain,"deprived his subjects of their freedom, justice, and better harmony in "a land choice above all other lands,"liberties and ruthlessly burned and dehuman relations. we are grieved and shocked when the

stroyed their property, the people rose Supreme Court renders a decision ruling up against him, brought him to Runnythat it is unconstitutional for the Federal mede, and compelled him on Monday, Government of any State to require a

June 15, 1215, to affix his signature to "belief in the existence of God"as a the Great Charter of England by which, qualification for public office; also, we

among other things, he pledged himexperience apprehension when we know self "to maintain the Church in its that enemies to our republican form of rights, to imprison no man without government are becoming more blatant;

a fair trial, and to sell, delay, or deny when we see political demagogues seemjustice to none."ingly more successful, drunkenness and

Five hundred and fifty years later, the immorality flauntingly defiant—seeing

American colonies imbued with the these conditions we wonder whether spirit that produced the Magna Charta, mankind is growing better or worse. In

declared: private life, disappointments, adversity,

"As the happiness of the people is sickness, and sorrow make us discourthe sole end of government, so the conaged and sometimes despondent.

sent of the people is the only foundation Still I am confident that truth will of it, in reason, morality, and the yet prevail, and in that confidence, say natural fitness of things. And therefore again with the Psalmist: "Be of good

every act of government, every exercise courage, and he shall strengthen your of sovereignty against or without the heart, all ye that hope in the Lord."

consent of the people is injustice, usurpaIn the world today, however, the spirit (Psalm 31:24.)

tion, and tyranny. It is a maxim that in of paganism has again asserted itself We may take courage in what I beevery government there must exist someand seems to be all but triumphant in lieve is a fact, that in the hearts of more

where a supreme, sovereign, absolute its effort to overthrow the few Christian millions of honest men and women than and uncontrollable power; and it never ideals that civilized peoples have ever before war is abhorrent. War has

was, or can be delegated to one man or absorbed. lost its false glamour and boasted glory.

few; the great Creator having never "If Western civilization emerges from Such an attitude at least keeps alive our

given to men a right to vest others with existing situations safely, it will be hope for the dawning of that day when authority over them unlimited either in only through a deeper appreciation—and men "... shall beat their swords into

duration or degree. note this—through a deeper appreciaplowshares, and their spears into prun-

"When kings, ministers, governors, or tion of the social ethics of Jesus than it ing hooks: nation shall not lift up

legislators, therefore, instead of exercishas yet shown. And our danger is insword against nation, neither shall they

ing the powers intrusted with them creased rather than diminished by the learn war any more."(Isaiah 2:4.)

according to the principles, forms, and fancied security in which our masses How utterly foolish men are to quarproportions stated by the Constitution, live."rel, fight, and cause misery, destruction,

and established by the original comMerely an appreciation of the social and death when the gifts of a Divine pact, prostitute those powers to the ethics of Jesus, however, is not sufficient. and Loving Father are all around us

purposes of oppression; to subvert, inMen's hearts must be changed. Instead for the asking—are already in our posstead of preserving the lives, liberties, of selfishness, men must be willing to session if we would but recognize them.

and properties of the people, they are dedicate their ability, their possessions Christ's invitation is still extended to no longer to be deemed magistrates if necessary, their lives, their fortunes, all peoples:

vested with a sacred character, but beand their sacred honor for the allevia- "Come unto me, all ye that labour come public enemies and ought to be tion of the ills of mankind. Hate must and are heavy laden, and I will give

resisted."(Adams, Works, I, p. 193.) be supplanted by sympathy and foryou rest.

My brethren and sisters, the ultimate bearance. "Take my yoke upon you, and learn

purpose of Christianity in the world is Force and compulsion will never of me; for I am meek and lowly in

DECEMBER 1961 919 heart: and ye shall find rest unto your whereby we must be saved."(Acts 4:12.) but shall have the light of life."(John

souls. The principles of the restored gospel 8:12.)

"For my yoke is easy, and my burden as revealed to the Prophet Joseph Smith, It is a sad thing when individuals and is light."(Matt. 11:2830.) are the surest, safest guide to mortal nations extinguish that light—when

I am as sure as that I am speaking to man. Christ is the light to humanity Christ and his gospel are supplanted by

you that the peace and happiness of In that light man sees his way clearly. the law of the jungle and the strength

mankind lie in the acceptance of Jesus When it is rejected, the soul of man of the sword. The chief tragedy in the

Christ as the Redeemer of the world, stumbles in darkness. No person, no world at the present time is its disbelief

our Savior. As Peter declared over group, no nation can achieve true sucin God's goodness, and its lack of faith

1900 years ago, so I testify to the world cess without following him who said: in the teachings and doctrines of the

today, that there is "none other name "I am the light of the world: he that gospel.

under heaven given among men, followeth me shall not walk in darkness, To all who believe in a Living, Perexpect it of ourselves, each one of us, gospel throughout the world.

to live out our lives here upon this Our approach, our initial contact earth in as complete conformity to the with our friends throughout the world, laws of God as we are capable. No is the simplest approach we know how

THE SPIRIT means of rationalizing, no means of to make. Our lessons and their presentaOF CONVERSION conjuringshould do upthisexcusesor shouldas tonotwhydo thewe Thistion aresimplicityalso directof ourand approachto the point.and

other, contrary to the will of our Heavpresentation of the gospel belies the

President Henry D. Moyle enly Father, has any place in our lives. existence of any design or device or

of the First Presidency I am grateful this morning that scheme or contrivance or intrigue of any throughout the world the work of the kind by which unsuspecting investigators

Lord is progressing most satisfactorily, might be brought in as members of the

I am sure, my brethren and sisters, that indeed so satisfactorily that sometimes Church without their really knowing we all appreciate the opportunity to lift we feel that we are hardly capable of what they are doing or without their our hand to sustain President David 0. keeping up with the progress of the having exercised an absolute free agency

McKay as President of the Church, and Church. of which President McKay spoke so

in so doing we have in our hearts a In the mission field the Lord has beautifully yesterday.

feeling of deep gratitude for the priviblessed us. I just want to give you Let us stop and think for a moment

lege that is thus afforded us as members two figures. In the first nine months what a young missionary has to acof the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterof 1959 in the foreign or fulltime miscomplish before he leads the convert

day Saints. sions of the Church, we had over 23,000 down into the waters of baptism. He

It is glorious to be a member. It is what we call convert baptisms, and in must first teach him the Word of Wisglorious to have any office or calling in the first eight months of 1961 we have dom, and that means teach him in

the Church, no matter how relatively had over 54,000. We are constantly practically all cases to give up practices

humble the title may sound. I am imasked why it is that this great increase which have been lifelong and confirmed

pressed constantly with the fact that, in converts should come about at this and live virtually a new life and to have regardless of our calling, we are all enparticular time. the investigator commit himself to the

couraged, we are all dedicated, and we My first answer to that question would keeping of this commandment of the are all working in the service of the be that the faithfulness and the devoLord from the time of his baptism until

Master. I am sure that we do not pertion of the Saints, their efforts to live the Lord calls him home.

mit our closeness to the work, we do lives of righteousness, to dedicate their We ask him to reform his life with not permit the fact that we have such lives to the principles of truth and right, reference to Sunday observance. We

ready access to our Father in heaven is of primary importance. We know teach him that Sunday—the Sabbath

through prayer to take our membership without any question of a doubt that is a holy day. The Lord has prescribed

in the Church lightly or to take our the blessings which descend upon us as for his children what should and what callings in the Church lightly. We are a people are directly commensurate with should not be done on the Sabbath day.

always conscious of his nearness to us our faithfulness, with our nearness to And here again the convert is required and the blessings which we receive in our Heavenly Father. As we keep the to give up in many instances that weekly

answer to our prayers. channel of communication between us activity toward which he has always

I am sure it would be more pleasing and our Father in heaven open, we can looked previously—a holiday, rather

to our Father in heaven to have us expect to be blessed more abundantly than a day of worship.

resign our positions—and that is not a all the time. We teach him the law of tithing as

practiceChurch—-butwhichnonethelesswe commendit seemsin prethe closeIn theto thissecondmissionaryplace, weworkcannotwithoutbe revealedLord to hisin children,these lattersomethingdays byhe hasthe

ferable to neglecting our duties in the being conscious of and without acknowlbeen unaccustomed to in the past, and least detail. It gives us an awesome edging the fact that the Lord has here again it is obligatory upon the

feeling to realize that we are dedicated touched the hearts of men all over the missionary to commit his candidate for to the work of the Lord, and having world and has made them responsive baptism to a strict observance of the thus committed ourselves, it is not our to the humble testimonies of the elders law of tithing, accounting to the Lord privilege or our prerogative to violate as they go forth in the performance of for the rest of his life for a tenth of his his commandments, even the slightest their duties as missionaries of the income, his increase.

of them. The Lord expects, and we Church of Jesus Christ in preaching the Converts are taught to live worthy to

920 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA sonal God and his divine truth, life I know that for not a few of us the it free agency; and eternal life is his

can be so delightful and beautiful. true joy of living is overcast by trials, greatest gift to man.

As a matter of fact, it is glorious just failures, worries, and perplexities inciTo the Church in all the world the to be alive. Joy, even ecstasy, can be dent to making a living and attempting message of the First Presidency, the

experienced in the consciousness of to achieve success. Tearbedimmed eyes Council of the Twelve, and the other

existence. There is supreme satisfaction are often blind to the beauties that surGeneral Authorities is: Be true and loyal

in sensing one's individual entity and round us. Life sometimes seems a to the restored gospel of Jesus Christ.

in realizing that that entity is part of parched and barren desert, when, as a "Be of good courage, and he shall

God's great creative plan. There are matter of fact, there is comfort, even strengthen your heart, all ye that hope

none so poor, none so rich, sick, or happiness within our grasp if we could in the Lord."(Psalm 31:24.)

maimed who may not be conscious of or would but reach for it. God help us so to be true, I pray in

this relationship. The Lord has given us life, and with the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

hold the priesthood of God. They are men, I presume, as brilliant as any men learned in the ways of man. If they

taught from the beginning that after in the world. They are mature, and I stop, as these 54,000 converts have

their baptism they will be introduced ask you to sit down and stop and think stopped, and reflected and prayed and into the priesthood. They will have the occasionally when you have this misreceived an answer to their prayers,

Aaronic Priesthood conferred upon them, sionary work on your mind as to the they would know that the Lord is capand later the Higher or the Melchizedek difference between the results wrought able of conferring blessings upon his

Priesthood. In order to be worthy of in the lives of converts to the Church children here on the earth through a

this progress and advancement in the and converts to these great popular nineteenyear-old boy as well as through

Church, they must be as strict as posmovements, no matter how fine, how an older man, that one of the condisible in keeping the laws and comelegant, how praiseworthy they may be. tions is not that he be steeped in the

mandments of God. You know, to me it is nothing short learning of man, but that he is in tune

Then too, they are taught and told of a miracle to have men and women, with the Spirit of our Heavenly Father.

and have impressed upon their minds mature, much older than the mission- I must not take too much time, but the fact that when they are once memaries, submit themselves to these young I cannot sit down without giving you bers of the Church, they then have an men to be baptized by them. That inone or two examples of what is going

obligation to assist in promulgating the volves a serious matter. The average on in the world today to indicate this

gospel to their friends and neighbors. normal citizen, friend, would only do thought of mine that we are converting

In short, to be prepared to answer each that upon one foundation or one basis by the Spirit, and the only virtue in and every call of the priesthood made and that is that they have received in the plan which we have in use now of them, just as these fine men and their hearts a testimony from God that throughout the world is that it is the women who today have been called this young elder has the priesthood of simplest possible presentation of the into service have willingly responded. God conferred upon him by those who gospel that these great mission presidents

Those who are being released and given have that authority to preach the gospel of ours have been able to work out in other positions accept the changes with and administer in its ordinances. Otherthe mission field, the least likely to

the same kind of loyalty and devotion wise, what they do would be a mockery. affect the minds or the reason of men

which they have previously extended to It is not to be presumed that 54,000 so simple, in fact, that it cannot have the work. people this year in all of the countries any effect upon men of the world unless

When you take into consideration of the world in which we have misthere is a higher power that touches these and many other unmentioned facts, sionaries would have permitted themtheir hearts and brings conversion to you have to stop and ask yourself the selves to go through this formality to their souls.

question, "How can this nineteenyear- no good purpose. It takes some effort, I have become more and more conold boy of mine or of yours go out into it takes a great deal of humility. Unless vinced in my association with missionary

a strange world, many of them to a they were convinced and converted to work that most people are touched by strange country, where a strange lanthe fact that there in this young misthe Spirit of the Lord upon the occaguage is spoken, and find almost of a sionary they had found the power of sion of the missionary's first contact.

sudden that they are touching the lives God vested to administer in the sacred Otherwise, they would not invite the of total strangers in a manner which is ordinances of the gospel, they would missionary back time after time to be almost beyond comprehension and cernot do so. taught the principles of the gospel and

tainly beyond the power of man?"It has interested me because in more to be brought closer and closer and

Take these great reformers, these great than one country this year the followultimately into the waters of baptism.

evangelists, who are able to draw, ing question has been raised more or Brother Brossard tells us the story of through their publicity and otherwise, less officially. Can a nineteenyear-old twentyfive conversions in France. Cergreat bodies of men and women. What boy be a minister of the gospel? Are tainly there was no scheme that brought

is their ultimate accomplishment? They we justified as a government to confer these conversions about. There was an

do not seek to change a man's way of upon him the benefits that inhere in army officer, a soldier, in Algeria, and life. They are happy when they can the status of a minister of the gospel? while he was there in the service of his

get the man or the woman to confess And they say no. A nineteenyear-old country, his wife had a baby, and it

that Jesus is the Christ, the Son of the boy could not possibly be a minister died. It was not baptized in the church

Living God, and when they have made of the gospel. He has not studied. He of its parents, they believing in infant

that confession, that is it. No organizahas not gone through school. He is baptism, and therefore the church detions, no requirements, no obligations not mature. nied to that family a church funeral

of any kind! These are learned men Now, what does that mean? He is not service for the child. I will not go into

DECEMBER 1961 921 the details, but we had a friend of Then we have the story of a missionAnd two missionaries in Hamburg,

Brother Brossard and the missionaries, ary who ran a red light, and by so doing Germany, went to the chief of police (and I guess they are friends to all of got the name and address of the traffic to make themselves known and to tell us) who called the attention of this officer and an invitation to visit him in their story, and as a result he gave distraught mother to the missionaries, his home. The officer's penalty after them his card and said, "I want you

and they went in at the request of the the missionary got through with him elders to feel free to call upon me at family and held the services, and these was—what does the Good Book say? any time in case you have any diffitwenty-five baptisms came as a result "Go thy way and sin no more."culty, or there is any service we can

of it, all from a single group. I was We have the story of two missionaries render you, and I will have my car

looking for this figure because I do not coming from Zollingen in Germany who to you within five minutes."

want to go beyond the facts, but this went to the mayor to give him a Book These were all nineteenyear-old boys, group is much larger than the twentyof Mormon, made friends with him, and and I could go on and tell you of many five, and the missionaries are now in on a rainy day, seeing them from his others. There was not anything those

the process of teaching the gospel to the limousine, the mayor called to them to boys could do or say of their own that rest of them, and President Brossard come over and get in the car. He would bring about such miraculous reassures us that the twentyfive is just a wanted to drive them to the City Counsults, but the first contact was enough

small beginning to what will come cil and introduce them officially to that to open the door for future contacts.

about out of this single instance. august body. That is the way the work of the Lord

through the use of modern media are differences between this Church and friends of the Church who are visiting others, we must today be content to us. appreciate your that only We interest—we mention—and

to extend you a hearty refer welcome. Your to briefly—justour faith in one of them. We

REVELATION: attendance seems to indicate that you continued revelation from God to men.

THE CHALLENGING monshave heardand perhapssomethingwouldaboutlike theto knowMorItfundamentalseems somewhatdoctrineparadoxicalof the thatChurchthis more. it briefly should like to respond should or distinguish it unique make WeMESSAGE OF

implied to your inquiry in about the as from others, all dispeninasmuchMORMONISM Church. We shall avoid dogmatism, sations of the gospel current revelation

for that ordinarily brings antagonism. has been the sustaining power, the

President Hugh B. Brown We simply invite you, our friends, this vivifying spirit of the divine Church.

of the First Presidency morning to, as Isaiah said, "Come, and In a concrete statement of beliefs let us reason together."(Isaiah 1:18.) known as the Articles of Faith, we deWe respect all men in their religious clare our faith in all that God has re-

I am sure we all respond from the depths beliefs, but the divergent beliefs and vealed, all that he does now reveal, and of our being to that glorious rendition, multiplicity of creeds have, through the we believe that he will yet reveal many "Crown Him Lord of All,"rendered as centuries, been the cause of much congreat and important things.

only the Tabernacle Choir, I think, fusion and concern. The condition of History proves that when the spirit

could sing it. the world religiously is stated in the or gift of revelation is withdrawn from

My brothers and sisters, and in that Catholic Encyclopedia, from which I the Church there is nothing but a dead salutation I should like to include all quote the following: form left and men are prone to worship

who are listening regardless of their "A Babel of religious organizations all God with their lips and honor him church affiliation, because we are conproclaim themselves to be the Church with their mouths, but, because there vinced that we are brothers and sisters. of Christ. Their doctrines are conis no communication and therefore no

We believe in the universal brotherhood tradictory and precisely in so far as one understanding, their hearts are far from of man under the Fatherhood of God. of them regards the doctrine which it him.

As this is the first conference since teaches as vital, it declares those of rival The things of God can only be undermy change of status in the Church, I bodies to be misleading and pernicious."stood by the Spirit of God and the

should like to take this opportunity to Now, while we do not agree that the Spirit of God is a revealing spirit. The

express publicly to President McKay beliefs of others are necessarily perMaster promised before he left the earth and his associates my sincere apprecianicious, we do think it regrettable that to send another Comforter which would tion for the confidence which prompted the original Church of Jesus Christ, as lead men into all truth. Divine revelathem to submit my name for your apoutlined in the New Testament, has tion has always been a characteristic of

proval, and I wish to thank you membeen broken up into so many creeds. the living Church—it is absolutely esbers of the Church for your confidence We believe the Lord's house should be sential to its continued existence in an

in their judgment. I pledge only that a house of order, not divided against organized state on the earth.

I shall do my level best to make that itself. You remember the Prophet Amos said,

judgment good and to that end humbly The question is often asked, what are "Surely the Lord God will do nothing, invoke divine guidance and your insome of the distinguishing characterisbut he revealeth his secret unto his dulgence. I shall need your prayers tics of the Church of Jesus Christ of servants the prophets."(Amos 3:7.)

of faith. Latterday Saints? What, if anything, And in Proverbs we read, "Where

But we are speaking this morning has this Church to offer which is new? there is no vision, the people perish:..."

not alone to Church members. We are Would it be worthwhile to take a closer (Prov. 29:18.)

advised that perhaps more than fifty look at Mormonism? We have ample scriptural authority

percent of those attending in person or Though there are many fundamental for our declaration that a man must be

922 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA goes on. Isn't it wonderful to realize in the mission field. It makes no diffail not to continue faithful in all

that the prophecies of old are being ference who their mission president is. things, shall not be weary in mind,

fulfilled? How true it is that a stone As long as they are in the line of their neither darkened, neither in body, limb,

has been cut out of a mountain without duty, encouraged by their parents so to nor joint; and a hair of his head shall

hands and is rolling forth and will fill be, they are in the hands of the Lord, not fall to the ground unnoticed. And

the earth. Almost every prophecy we and he has promised to take care of they shall not go hungry, neither athirst.

have in the Old and the New Testathem and is bound by those promises. "And whoso receiveth you, there I

ments concerning the latter days fits I can conceive of nothing more wonwill be also, for I will go before your into our program and furnishes us the derful in all the world than to have the face. I will be on your right hand and

exact, the proper answer to this inquiry absolute assurance that the Spirit of on your left, and my Spirit shall be in as to the marvelous results accompanyGod is with your sons and daughters in your hearts, and mine angels round ing the work of our missionaries. They the mission field to preserve them, to about you, to bear you up."(D&C

work by and through the Spirit, and let protect them, to inspire them, to per84:80, 88.)

me say this to you mothers and fathers, form a service that no one upon this God bless us all and bless the miswe love you, and we appreciate your earth can perform unless he has the sionaries. They are looking to us today

loyalty, and we appreciate your sons'delegated power from God to do so. for guidance and direction and encourand your daughters'service. Have no "And any man that shall go and agement. Let us give it to them, I

concern about your sons and daughters preach this gospel of the kingdom, and pray in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

called of God by prophecy and by the enable us to receive revelation? Cerest, investigation, and research where

laying on of hands by men of authority tainly it would be more modest of us progress is impossible? Would any

to preach the gospel and administer its to admit the fault in ourselves than to professor say to his class in chemistry, ordinances. The Apostle Paul said, blame God for not speaking, if he does astronomy, physics, or geology, that no

"And no man taketh this honour unto not speak. Or perhaps there may be further discovery or revelation of scienhimself, but he that is called of God, some jamming of the messages by the tific truth is possible? Is religion the

as was Aaron."(Hebrew 5:4.) And enemy, as a result of which some have only human interest which is static and

Aaron was called by direct revelation been led to believe that there is no quiescent? Did Christ leave his Church

through Moses. When revelation ceases, power that can transmit. We ask, in leaderless and intend it to continue so

people dwindle in unbelief, and not only radio or television language, "Has the to be?

the people but also the Church apostabroadcasting station gone out of busiFor ourselves, because of our faith in tizes in the absence of inspired ness or broken down, or are there no the universal and unchangeable love and leadership. receiving sets?"justice of God, we cannot believe that

That is exactly what happened in the his Church in one dispensation would primitive church, and that situation was be blessed and led by what in television a harbinger of a universal apostasy, of parlance might be termed "live"revelawhich the Church of England speaks tion and in another dispensation leave a in its "Homily against Peril of Idolatry,"distraught and imperiled world with only as follows: "So that laity and clergy, the recorded messages of ancient prophlearned and unlearned, all ages, sects, ets, some of which messages were for

and degrees of men, women, and chilspecific purposes and under special dren of whole Christendom—an horcircumstances. We believe that revelarible and most dreadful thing to think tion both "live"and recorded is now and

have been at once drowned in abomiwill continue to be available to men.

nable idolatry; of all other vices most Whenever the Lord has recognized his

detested of God and most damnable to Church, he has given through his man; and that by the space of eight prophets messages of warning, instruchundred years and more."tion, and hope.

Without continued revelation there When we say that we believe all that can be no authorized ministry on the God has revealed, we declare our faith earth, and without authorized officers So long as men believe there can be in the scriptures. We believe the Bible

there can be no Church of Christ. If no revelation, they will make no atto be a repository of divine truth and

some say there is no revelation and will tempt to tune in. They will lose their that it is authoritative, though not

not be further revelation from God, we faith and will no longer look up and beyond the need for interpretation and ask, "Why not? Has God lost the power listen. Some even deny there is need proper translation and, therefore, we

to reveal his mind and will to men?"for revelation, but the daily press chalsay, when we declare our faith in the

Of course, to so state is tantamount to lenges that statement. In this imperiled, Bible, "as far as it is translated corblasphemy. Do we not need revelation divided, and chaotic world the need rectly."When we declare that we beor word from God? I ask you to confor God's help was never more apparlieve that God does now reveal, that he

sider the condition of the world and ent and urgent. still speaks through his prophets, and

note the dire need of the world for some An English divine recently said, "Oh, that his word is scripture whenever and divine guidance and direction. that some man would arise who could wherever given, when we make this

say teaching simply reveal, the to the world, 'Thus statement and authoritatively could we are then, Well, if God "as is declaring Christ saith the Lord!'gospel of Jesus and fault with the revelation, need we

man? Have we lost the gift or the Is it possible, our friends, that religion true the JudeoChristian religion.

faith or the understanding that will is the one department of human interWe sometimes meet with skepticism

DECEMBER 1961 923 when we say that he still reveals, but trines of communism which are that country and go into a new land and let us paraphrase the words of Paul for there is no God, religion is an opiate, gave him some promises with respect a moment. Why should it be thought Christ is a myth; surely in the midst of to his posterity. By revelation he com-

a thing incredible that God will do such determined, persistent, and relentmissioned Moses to go into Egypt, and what he has promised to do? If time less attacks from the enemy, we may under God's personal direction he rewould permit we could take you expect from God our Father some direcleased the children of Israel from the

through the scriptures from Genesis to tion, and for that direction we constantly bondage of the Egyptians.

Revelation and show the promises of pray. So we may trace the line of revelators,

God with respect to the latter days. But our message is this, our friends, men who have stood, each in his time,

Why should it be thought incredible not God has spoken from the heavens; comas the medium through whom God

only that he would keep his promise munication between heaven and earth speaks to his people, from Moses to but that he would continue to do what is still possible; the lines are open! That Joshua, through the Judges, on to David

he has done through all the dispensais the challenging message of Mormonand Solomon and down to Zachariah tions of the gospel from the beginning? ism, it is an ensign to the nations, and Malachi. Christ, himself, came to

The Church of Jesus Christ was estab- a message of hope to an imperiled this world to reveal God to men, and he lished and is now directed by revelation, world. If we are to exercise saving himself was led and directed by revelaand that fact is largely responsible for faith and accompany it with works and, tion from his Father while he dwelt

the appeal which this new Church of course, "faith without works is dead,"on this earth.

makes, and when I say "new,"I wish to we must know something of him, of The Lord, as you know, revealed to emphasize that to us it is not new but a his existence, his personality, his laws, Zacharias, the father of John the Baptist, restoration of that which was. The true his purposes with respect to man, and what was to happen, and you remember

Church of Christ is not a blind alley, realize that we are, in fact, his children, what happened to Zacharias because it is an open thoroughfare, where men related to him. He said, "And this is of his lack of belief. The Lord revealed

may confidently pursue truth in the life eternal, that they might know thee to Mary that she was blessed among light of revelation. That the Church the only true God, and Jesus Christ, women, that she should bring forth a

is progressive and responsive to revealed whom thou hast sent."(John 17:3.) son and call his name Jesus. (Luke

truth is evidenced by our further We do not say that God is immaterial 1:28, 31.) Christ himself said: "For

declaration that we believe that God and incomprehensible and without a I have not spoken of myself; but the

will yet reveal many great and imbody. Rather we say he is approachFather which sent me, he gave me

portant things. able as our Father. Now, revelation a commandment, what I should say,

This Church, our friends, is not commay come through dreams or visions, and what I should speak.

mitted to any formal or inflexible creed, the visitation of angels, or, on occasion "And I know that his commandment but its members are taught to believe in such as with Moses, by faceto- face comis life everlasting: whatsoever/ 1 speak

and live by the revelations of the past munication with the Lord. You rememtherefore, even as the father said unto

and present and thus prepare themselves ber the Lord spoke to Adam, not only me, so I speak."(John 12:4950.)

for the revelations yet to come. Our while he was in the Garden of Eden, The apostles in the Meridian of Time

concepts and even our faith must be but after he was cast out. He spoke were in touch with the heavens by

held subject to new light. The present to other patriarchs and prophets through revelation. Note what Paul says:

and urgent need for continued revelathe ages. He spoke to Enoch, who was "But God hath revealed them [divine

tion in this age of communism, atheism, called "The Seventh from Adam,"and truths] unto us by his Spirit: for the

godlessness, the spirit of the antiChrist it is said that he was translated because Spirit searcheth all things, yea, the deep becomes more apparent when we realize he was especially favored with the presthings of God.

that revelation gives us our most conence of the Lord. The record reads, "For what man knoweth the things

clusive proof that there is a Divine "And Enoch walked with God: and he of a man, save the spirit of man which

Being—and how the world needs to was not; for God took him."(Genesis is in him? even so the things of God

know of him! 5:24.) knoweth no man, but the Spirit of

In an age when hundreds of millions The Lord by revelation warned Noah God."(1 Corinthians 2:1011.)

of people are being systematically inof the coming flood. He talked with You remember John, on the Isle of

doctrinated with the abominable docAbraham and told him to leave his Patmos, wrote the book of Revelation,

to bear testimony unto them of my faith. statement.

I seek the guidance of the Spirit of the It is true that when the Book of Mor-

I to say. printed the printer have mon was was a man

past unfriendly. wasTHE BOOK OF LordDuringin whatthe week or two I have who The publication

MORMON, A DIVINE received a number of letters from difof the book was done under adverse

RECORD ferentby people,parts someof theofUnitedwhom Statesat leastwrittenare a errors,circumstances,mostly typographical—conditionsand there were a few

little concerned because they have been that arise in most any book that is

President Joseph Fielding Smith approached by enemies of the Church being published—but there was not one

of the Council of the Twelve and enemies of the Book of Mormon, thing in the Book of Mormon or in the who had made the statement that there second edition or any other edition since have been one or two or more thousand that in any way contradicts the first

I consider this a great honor and a privichanges in the Book of Mormon since edition, and such changes as were made, lege to stand before this vast body, the first edition was published. Well, were made by the Prophet Joseph Smith

mostly of men holding the priesthood, of course, there is no truth in that because under those adverse conditions

924 fHE IMPROVEMENT ERA and, incidentally, this is sometimes Jews and heathens were accustomed to from the very center of my heart, I say called the Apocalypse, and that means a vast variety of pompous and magnifito you, our friends, and to you memin Greek "revelation."This is what he cent ceremonies in their religious servbers of the Church, God has restored

wrote in the first chapter of his book—it ice. All the records of the second the gospel of Jesus Christ and there was

was not written of his own wisdom: century mention the multiplication of a great revelation, one of the greatest of

"The Revelation of Jesus Christ, rites and ceremonies in the Christian all time, when the Father and the Son, which God gave unto him [speaking Church. "But,"you ask, "were these anticipating our very day and the events

of himself], to shew unto his servants the times'that have been?"Some of you of these times, appeared to a man.

things which must shortly come to pass; may say, "We can believe in revelation They were personal Beings; they were

and he sent and signified it by his in Adam's day and in the days of Moses, separate and distinct; they were in form

angel unto his servant John:"(Revelain the days of Christ, in the days of the like man, thus proving the first scription 1:1.) apostles, but not now."ture in Genesis, "So God created man

The scriptures, then, are not only Is there any indication that we might, in his own image,..."(Gen. 1:27.)

replete with evidence, but conclusive with reason, expect some word from They spoke to him. Other revelations

in proving that God does and always God? Hear John's testimony as he followed. The whole message of Morhas, whenever there has been a dispenspoke of things that were to come in the monism centers around the life and missation of the gospel upon the earth, been latter days. He said: sion of Jesus the Christ, and we proin touch with his people. "And I saw another angel fly in the claim to the world in contradiction to

Remember Paul said this, and he is midst of heaven, having the everlasting the hellish doctrine of communism, God speaking now of our time: gospel to preach unto them that dwell does live. He still speaks to men.

"That in the dispensation of the fulon the earth, and to every nation, and There are prophets on the earth.

ness of times he might gather together kindred, and tongue, and people, If that statement is true, it is the in one all things in Christ, both which "Saying with a loud voice, Fear God. greatest message that has come to this

are in heaven, and which are on the and give glory to him: for the hour of earth since Christ ascended into heaven

earth; even in him:..."(Ephesians his judgment is come:..."(Revelation because it is a message of his coming,

1:10.) 14:6-7.) and if it is true, all of you should know

From the scriptures cited and many That, my dear friends, is a prophetic it. That it is true we humbly testify.

others, it seems evident that revelation promise of revelation in our time. The We ask you to listen, to read, to pray

from God to man has been a vital Church today is founded on the rock of—ask God for guidance—and we promcharacteristic, and standard procedure revelation as securely as it was in the ise you, paraphrasing the Prophet

in all dispensations of the gospel. All days of Peter when Christ said to him, Moroni, that if you will ask of God in

the prophets and leaders of ancient after Peter had spoken of his knowledge faith in the name of Jesus Christ, times were led, directed, chosen, inspired of him, whether what we declare is true, he will by God himself through revelation. "... upon this rock I will build my reveal the truth of it unto you by the

Eusebius records what happened after church; and the gates of hell shall not power of the Holy Ghost.

the apostles had been slain and when prevail against it."(Matthew 16:18.) We believe this is the message for

no authoritative answers could be given. We think we are justified in anticiwhich the world has been waiting. We

He writes, "When the sacred choir of pating future revelation, and we believe declare it is the very truth of God, and apostles became extinct and the generathat it will be surpassing in importance for my own self I bear witness to that tion of those that had been privileged and glorious fulness anything that has effect and say to you in humility, but to hear their inspired wisdom had yet been revealed. We believe that he without any equivocation, by the same

passed away, then also the combinations will continue to reveal himself as long power and authority with which Peter of impious error arose by the fraud and as man continues his probation here spoke, I say, with him, "Thou art the delusions of false teachers. These, as on earth. Christ, the Son of the living God."

there were none of the apostles left, Now, you friends of ours probably (Matt. 16:16.) I know this to be true,

henceforth attempted without shame to ask, "What particular revelation is the and I plead with men everywhere to preach their doctrine against the Gospel one on which you found your Church?"hearken; for it is a message from the

of truth."Time will not permit, of course, a comheavens, to which I testify in the name

And Mosheim reminds us that both plete answer to that, but humbly, and of Jesus Christ. Amen.

the Book of Mormon was published. and the Lord has said that such charor she could bear witness that it is in

But there was no change of doctrine. acters would arise. Moroni wrote about very deed a record with the inspiration

Now, these sons of Belial who circuthem, and the Lord answered him in of the Almighty upon it, and that its late these reports evidently know better. regard to the critics that "fools mock, history is true.

I will not use the word that is in my but they shall mourn."(Ether 12:26.) I can testify of that, for I know the

mind. I started to read the Book of We have been trying this year to get Book of Mormon is true just as well as

Mormon before I was old enough to be every man holding the priesthood, and I know I am standing here in this a deacon, and I have been reading it our sisters too, to read the Book of building facing you.

ever since, and I know that it is true. Mormon during the year 1961—no So much for that. I want to address

Every member of the Church ought to matter how many times they may have myself to the men holding the priestknow that it is true, and we ought to read it before. It seems to me that any hood, particularly, and to their wives

be prepared with an answer to all of member of this Church would never and to all other members of the Church.

these critics who condemn it. They be satisfied until he or she had read the No member of this Church can stand

are laying themselves open to punishBook of Mormon time and time again, approved in the presence of God who ment when they come to the judgment, and thoroughly considered it so that he has not seriously and carefully read the

DECEMBER 1961 925 Book of Mormon, and I think I could you: Did I not declare my words unto to bear testimony to you, my good

add to that also, as far as our brethren you, which were written by this man, brethren here, and our sisters and to are concerned, the Doctrine and like as one crying from the dead, yea, the members of the Church who listen

Covenants. even as one speaking out of the dust? in and to everyone else, that I know that

We have besides the Book of Mor- "I declare these things unto the fulfillthe Book of Mormon is true; that Joseph

mon and Doctrine and Covenants, aning of the prophecies. And behold, they Smith received it from the hand of

other record which is priceless, as these shall proceed forth out of the mouth of God through an angel that was sent records are, that every member of this the everlasting God; and his word shall to reveal it, the same angel who, while

Church ought to have read, and which hiss forth from generation to generation. living in this world, finished the record

I fear many have not read. I have and sealed it up to come forth in this

reference to the Pearl of Great Price. Dispensation of the Fulness of Times.

It seems to me that a member of this I would like to call your attention to

Church would not be able to rest in one thing in the Book of Mormon. The

peace and comfort and have a clear Lord has promised us greater knowledge, conscience without having knowledge greater understanding than we find in by study and by faith of the standard the Book of Mormon, when we are preworks of the Church. These records pared to receive it. When the brother

are priceless. The world mocks at of Jared went upon the mount to have

them, but through their teachings we the Lord touch stones to give them light are permitted to come nearer unto to light their way across the great ocean,

God, get a better understanding of our the Lord revealed to him the history

Heavenly Father and his Son Jesus of this world from the beginning of it

Christ, become closer acquainted with Tppt to the end. We do not have it.

them and to know more in regard to I am going to read one or two pasthe wonderful plan of salvation which sages of scripture from the Book of they have given unto us and unto the "And God shall show unto you, that Mormon in relation to that matter.

world if it will receive the plan that that which I have written is true. "And he"(that is, Christ) "did exwill exalt us in the kingdom of God to "And again I would exhort you that pound all things, even from the bebecome his sons and his daughters, reye would come unto Christ, and lay ginning until the time that he should

all things gift, his in even every good and touch come hold of that upon kingdom. ceiving the fulness glory—yea,

of face the should thing."evil unclean the gift, nor come upon which not the this record, wrote Moroni In closing

these words: "And I exhort you to re- (Moroni 10:2730.) the earth, even until the elements should

member these things; for the time That is the counsel of Moroni as he melt with fervent heat; and the earth

speedily cometh that ye shall know that closed his record, not only to the memshould be wrapt together as a scroll, the earth should soul heavens I and to every of and the lie shall at but the Church, for not, the bar bers ye see me 26:3.) Nephi pass...''(3 away; will comes. this record I want unto the say of unto and God; Lord whom God

Friday Morning Session, Christ is needed, it is today! It is ples taught the multitude by Jesus upon

September 29, 1961 needed to give us fortitude and direction. the mountain was this: "Therefore

The gospel is more than something all things whatsoever ye would that just to talk about, however. It is a men should do to you, do ye even so

design for living, for successful living, to them:..."(Matt. 7:12.) This is often

for happy living. It calls for deeds, referred to as the Golden Rule. It is

action, and proper conduct on the part another version of the second great

DESIGN FOR LIVING ofnoteachlimitedand allto theof us.paymentIts principlesof tithing,are commandment,neighbour as thyself.""Thou(Markshalt 12:31.)love thy

the Word of Wisdom, keeping holy the Laws, rules, regulations are designed

EIRay L. Christiansen Sabbath day—they are part of the gosto give society a more safe and a more

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve pel, of course, and are very important, orderly way of living. But it is underbut the gospel embraces all truth and standable that even though we have

the application of all virtues. "We beinnumerable laws, both civil and eccleWith you, my brothers and sisters, I lieve in being honest, true, chaste, siastical, to direct us, laws cannot be

have been deeply moved by the message benevolent, virtuous, and in doing good made to cover each specific act or each is If For this there to make. transaction anything that we all men.... this of President McKay morning—so

develop of or a conscience report lovely, virtuous, or good reason we must is, indeed, timely, so fitting, so true! He

the prophet of God in this day. To this praiseworthy, we seek after these attuned to the will of the Lord. We

I testify! I know also that God lives, things."(Thirteenth Article of Faith.) must develop a feeling of obligation to

that Jesus is the Christ, and that through The principles enunciated in that do what is right. We must countenance

the restoration of the gospel he has Article of Faith are designed to help us no subterfuge, no evasiveness. When

given a divine plan for living which to become more refined, more reliable, correct laws are not written to guide us, will help all of us who adhere to it more peaceable, more Christlike. we must conduct ourselves by correct

to avoid the pitfalls and the sorrows One of the virtues mentioned is principles, by high standards of personal that will surely come if we depart benevolence, which is the disposition ethics.

therefrom. If ever there were a day in to do good, to be kind, to be charitable To illustrate: An opportunist, knowthe world when the gospel of Jesus to others. Among the beautiful princiing that he was protected by the letter

926 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA All of that was written and given to that they should be made manifest."selves, members of the Church, are

the Nephites. We do not have that (That is, the full record.) willing to keep the commandments as

record, and the Lord said this—which is "And now, after that, they have all they have been given to us and show

concerning us particularly—and Mordwindled in unbelief; and there is none our faith as the Nephites did for a short

mon wrote it: save it be the Lamanites, and they have period of time, then the Lord is ready

"And these things have I written, rejected the gospel of Christ; therefore to bring forth the other record and give

which are a lesser part of the things I am commanded that I should hide it to us, but we are not ready now to which he taught the people; and I have them up again in the earth."(Ether receive it. Why? Because we have not

written them to the intent that they 4:2-3.) lived up to the requirements in this promay be brought again unto this people, For the sake of time I will skip a little bationary state in the reading of the

from the Gentiles, according to the and say that the Lord has promised record which had been given to us and words which Jesus hath spoken. that we can have that hidden record in following its counsels.

"And when they shall have received when we are prepared to receive it. I Brethren, teach the men who hold the

this, which is expedient that they should will read it. priesthood in their quorums. Teach the

have first, to try their faith, and if it "For the Lord said unto me: They shall members of the Church in their meetshall so be that they shall believe these not go forth unto the Gentiles until the ings, and also when you visit them in

things then shall the greater things be day that they shall repent of their their homes as ward teachers. Whenmade manifest unto them. iniquity, and become clean before the ever the opportunity presents itself, teach

"And if it so be that they will not Lord. them to read and study in faith and

believe these things, then shall the "And in that day that they shall exerprayer the revelations the Lord has given greater things be withheld from them, cise faith in me, saith the Lord, even us that we may not be deceived and unto their condemnation."(Ibid., 26:8- as the brother of Jared did, that they led astray by false teachers.

10.) may become sanctified in me, then will We have false teachers among us.

I say that when the brother of Jared I manifest unto them the things which We have apostates among us who are went on the mount, the Lord revealed the brother of Jared saw, even to the endeavoring to tear down and destroy the history of this earth to him from unfolding unto them all my revelations, the kingdom of God, and they are disthe beginning to the end thereof, but saith Jesus Christ, the Son of God, the turbing a great many members of the we do not have it. But when the Father of the heavens and of the earth, Church. Why? Because they haven't

Nephites became righteous, after the and all things that in them are."the faith nor the background in knowlvisit of the Son of God, the Lord re- (Ibid., 4:6-7.) edge to resist these false teachers and

vealed that record to them, and then Now the Lord has placed us on protheir false doctrines.

when they began to fall away, he took bation as members of the Church. He Let me plead with the membership of

the record away again and hid it up. has given us the Book of Mormon, which this Church for humility, for faith, for

Here is what the Lord says about it. is the lesser part, to build up our faith more prayer, more study, more love in

"And after Christ truly had showed through our obedience to the counsels their hearts for God their Eternal Father himself unto his people, he commanded which it contains, and when we ourand his Son Jesus Christ. Amen.

of the law, was led to exploit and take be within the letter of the law for them accept a reasonable and fair return?

advantage of a widow who was not to do otherwise. When I was a youth, I was greatly

versed in the law and by clever maneu- "... whatsoever ye would that men impressed by the honor and fairness of

vering caused her to lose her property a man in the community who offered and her savings while technically he for sale his hay at a certain price a ton.

was within the law. He was led to do When others told him that because of

this unjust deed because he was not scarcity he could obtain a higher price sensitive to correct principles or the for the hay, he replied, "I know, I desire to do good. Rather he was motiknow. But if I were buying the hay I

the to not pay want more than for personal gain even would a desirevated by price I I require set, so should have why of another. expenseat the

neighbor more?"to pay my shalt not Bible In the read: "Thou we

is of love activated religion the True neither rob neighbour, thydefraud

It of is based good neighbor. on and God..."19:13.) (Lev.him: intentions, deeds, not not merely good

In contrast to this selfish exploitation, good words.

consider the report that was given in The Article of Faith that I have rethe Relief Society conference held earlier ferred to states: "We believe in being

thisgood—224,000week. Withhours werethe desirespent intocomdo totrue,"a trust,whichwe meanscan bethatreliedwe upon,are truewe

passionate service; 775,000 hours spent are upright in our dealings.

by these sisters in welfare service, doing Some years ago I arranged with a fine good unto their neighbors. man to purchase a building lot in Logan.

True greatness and integrity are should do to you, do ye even so to It was a choice lot in a choice place, the found together in men. Great minds them."(Matt. 7:12.) only lot left in the area. The price was

are motivated by selfsacrifice, not by Now, to what degree is this principle agreed upon, and I offered some earnest selfseeking. Strong men have the moral being applied in your life and in mine? money, socalled, to bind the agreement

courage to choose the right above ecoDo we takeall that we can get for a until the deed was prepared, but the nomic advantage, even though it may commodity Or for a service, or do we owner said, "In my dealings, I never

DECEMBER 1961 927 require down payments. You can pay us in his writings, "Religion without principles that he has given us. "...

me when the deed is ready."During morality, professions of godliness withwhatsoever ye would that men should

the time he was preparing the papers, out charity, Church membership without do to you, do ye even so to them."

he received two or three other offers adequate responsibility as to honorable (Idem.) That is a grand principle, so

at a price considerably higher. He could individual conduct in daily life, are but simple, so just.

have sold at a higher price, but he did as sounding brass and tinkling cymbals, Now, if I wish to help make this a not. "That is what we agreed upon,"noise without music, the words [of a better world, I should begin by imhe said. His word was as good as his prayer] without the spirit of prayer."proving myself. As someone said, "Oh,

bond. One does not truly love the Lord Lord, reform the world, beginning with

Dr. James E. Talmage has reminded unless he lives according to the moral me."If this principle were practised in

ideal of a settled, successful, selfish life the greatest gift of God to man—hapis wholly inadequate. One craves to piness here, quiet conscience, truth, and

see great themes sought and discussed, eternal opportunities for creative expresgreat causes espoused. One burns for sion ultimately in the kingdom of God

the reintroduction into life of the purwith our Heavenly Father.

little beset I this band, struggling go I suit of greatness. Everywhere ToPREPARATION, AN tried, their sore and I some and the edge of sitting on find people am sure

ANTIDOTE FOR FEAR seats, waiting to be shown the way. them seriously concerned, came theseof

"There are infinite possibilities, both words:

Marion D. Hanks material and moral, to vindicate free- "Fear not to do good, my sons, for

also shall that living ye of ye sow, whatsoever joy against unfreedom, of the First Council of the Seventydom shall is all ye if ye reap; therefore, that sow good tyranny, against man against

subhuman and inhuman, truth against also reap good for your reward.

Brother Christiansen's quotation makes darkness and falsehood, and God against "Therefore, fear not, little flock; do

me think of another attributed to an the devil and his works. The time is good; let earth and hell combine against

ancient, who said, "Lord, make me here not for pessimism and despair, but you, for if ye are built upon my rock, good, but not yet."That which we for a vast advance on many fronts."they cannot prevail."(D&C 6:3334.)

would hope the Lord might do for us In 1831 there was a Church and a we had best begin to do for ourselves, published Book of Mormon, an organwith prayer and seeking his blessings, ization with officers, but the little now, while there is time. Church was in its formative period.

It was a glorious experience this mornThere was imposition. There was

ing to look into your faces and shake already serious mobbing. There was dishands with many of you and nod at belief and great antagonism.

others. I sat recalling the many places In that day to his people, through the

where I have been blessed to see you Prophet, the Lord said:

and thought that I have seldom been "Wherefore, be of good cheer, and do willing to comfort myself that I have not fear, for I the Lord am with you, contributed greatly to you, but that I and will stand by you; and ye shall

have always come away thanking the bear record of me, even Jesus Christ,

Lord for what you have contributed to that I am the Son of the living God, me. In the years of my association with that I was, that I am, and that I am to

you through the stakes and missions and come."(Ibid., 68:6.)

in the institutions of the Church, I have I believe that these words are true. Through all the books of recorded

yet to be imposed upon by one filthy They reflect the experience I have revelations of God to man, one may word or unworthy idea or evil story. I had. They have been stated in his own read again and again the marvelous

have had association under other cirway by President McKay this morning, message of fearlessness, of faith, of courcumstances, and I thank God for the and I sat thinking of what the Lord has age, of testimony, of a sound, strong fellowship of the members of the said to bulwark and sustain and lay the mind. The words of Paul to Timothy,

Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday foundation for optimism and faith in. his son in the gospel, give strength and

Saints and for the fellowship of people this time of apprehension and uncercourage and ought to lay foundations of good will outside that Church who tainty and discontent and fear. for us to stand up where we are and

share common objectives and who have There was a little band of struggling bear our own witness of faith and not loyalty and devotion in their own way people in Harmony, Pennsylvania, in of fear. Said Paul to Timothy, as well

to their own faiths and persuasions. 1829. There was not yet a Church; you know, "For God has not given us

But it is to this group this morning there was not yet a published Book of the spirit of fear, but of power, and that I would hope to address a thought Mormon. There was a man with a of love, and of a sound mind."(2

or two which seem to me at this story, and the Spirit of God moved Tim. 1:7.)

moment to be of extreme significance. upon them and bore witness that he Out of the ancient record words well

Charles Malik, the former president of was telling the truth, and so they rallied known, again, to all of you, words of the United Nations General Assembly, to him and gave him their allegiance faith and assurance: "Yea, though I

a great diplomat and man, a time ago and asked him what they must now do. walk through the valley of the shadow

I will fear for thou death, no evil: the of gave he answers them were of us The this statement: made "We—all

..."23:4.) art (Psalm with me; possible for them answers which revival. spiritual made The mighty need a

928 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA our homes—love, respect, unselfishness unnecessary; peace would prevail. and Covenants, we are told that "...

would abound. If this principle were Even though revolutionary changes the Lord shall come to recompense

practised in our communities—robberies, are taking place all over the world, unto every man according to his work,

assaults, and even many traffic accieven in our own land, we must rememand measure to every man according dents would be avoided. If this prinber that God has not changed. Virtue, to the measure which he has measured

ciple were practised by mankind honesty, trust, a desire to do good, a to his fellow man."(D&C 1:10.)

generally, the dangers threatening us desire to be helpful are still basic and "Therefore all things whatsoever ye would vanish; wickedness would ultiindispensable principles of the gospel of would that men should do to you, do

mately cease, waste of public funds Jesus Christ. ye even so to them."(Matt. 7:12.)

would be eliminated; strikes would be In the first section of the Doctrine In the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

Through all the dealings of God with goodness and graciousness a foundation constitute the heart of the spirit of faith man there have been trials and troubles of firmness upon which we may stand which we can have if we will. The Lord

and afflictions and impositions and apif we will, without fear, but with faith, said that if we exercise power and authorprehensions, and there have been the based on preparation, a preparation ity and leadership in the Church it must repeated assurances of God to man that which he, through his prophets, has be done on the basis of "...persuasion,

he should be of courage and not fear. clearly spelled out. If you have had a by longsuffering, by gentleness and

There is one other citation in the testimony of the gospel, if you have felt meekness, and by love unfeigned;

Doctrine and Covenants which I would in your heart this great stirring, mov- "By kindness, and pure knowlnote, and one from the Book of Moring, satisfying love of God, do you have edge,...

mon. The section known as thirtyit now? Are you obedient? Do you "Reproving betimes with sharpness,

eight has in it some of the great keep the commandments of God? when moved upon by the Holy Ghost;

literature of the restoration, in my estiHe talked of humility and of faithfuland then showing forth afterwards an mation, and among the statements of ness. He talked of weeding out of our increase of love toward him whom we

faith and assurance God gave is this lives pride and envy, persecutions and have reproved, lest he esteem us to be magnificent, simple and wonderful one: mockery. I offer these simple suggeshis enemy."(D&C 121:4143.)

"... if ye are prepared ye shall not tions—oversimplified and only in The word charity is used, and the

fear."(D&C 38:30.) headline—as to what we may do to have word virtue. I thought at an early hour

Alma, teaching the people out of his this morning of some counsel Alma own experience, and some of it had been gave his son, Shiblon. Some of the great

less than admirable in his youth, aninstructions of the Book of Mormon are swered in a most marvelous way what given by fathers to their own sons, the preparation is that we must 'have if a magnificent example, and some of the we are to stand without fear, In the fifth greatest testimonies borne. Hear these

chapter of,the book of Alma are these words of Alma to Shiblon:

wonderful words, and they are written "Do not pray as the Zoramites do, (spoken in their time) to those who for ye have seen that they pray to be had once experienced a change of heart. heard of men, and to be praised for

Alma's question to them is "... if you their wisdom.

have experienced a change of heart, and "Do not say: O God, I thank thee

if you have felt to sing the song of rethat we are better than our brethren;

deeming love, I would ask, can you feel but rather say: O Lord, forgive my unso now?"And then these questions: worthiness, and remember my brethren

fear. faith yourselves keeping in walked, out and weed "Have ye your unacknowledge may learn We mercy—yea,

gospel. beforeblameless obey the injunction before ye say, the Could worthiness times."God? may God at all We

if ye were called to die at this time, of God to search diligently, to seek, to (Alma 38:1314.)

within yourselves, that ye have been knock, to ask, to invest ourselves in an If we are to have faith and turn away sufficiently humble?"(I skip a word or honest effort to know what we are talkfear, we must learn and live, and I

two for the sake of emphasis and time.) ing about. would add, share and serve the gospel

"Behold, are ye stripped of pride? I I heard someone say (and I cannot of Jesus Christ. You are all very familiar

say unto you, if ye are not ye are not personally vouch for the accuracy of with the impressive account in the story prepared to meet God. Behold ye must this, but I think probably it is so) that of Lehi's vision of the great satisfaction

prepare quickly; for the kingdom of those who read the Book of Mormon that came to Lehi as he tasted the fruit

heaven is soon at hand, and such an one out loud to put that book on the records of the tree—that tree which represented

hath not eternal life. which are for sale completed the task in the love of God. Let me read you what

"Behold, I say, is there one among something like thirtyfive hours or less. followed his expression of satisfaction

you who is not stripped of envy? I say Yet there are Latterday Saints who live as he tasted the love of God.

unto you that such an one is not and die and never read the book. "And it came to pass that I did go

prepared;... In addition to learning, we must live forth and partake of the fruit thereof;

"... is there one among you that as the Lord has commanded us. There and I beheld that it was most sweet,

doth make a mock of his brother, or are so many marvelous directions and above all that I ever before tasted. Yea,

that heapeth upon him persecutions? injunctions and suggestions and comand I beheld that the fruit thereof was

"Wo unto such an one, for he is not mandments from God, but let me repeat white, to exceed all the whiteness that prepared,..."(Alma 5:2631.) only a few words, very familiar to all I had ever seen.

The Lord has given us in his great of you, because they seem to me to "And as I partook of the fruit thereof

DECEMBER 1961 929 it filled my soul with exceeding great I believe this is the foundation of the search, if we will live and share and joy; wherefore, I began to be desirous missionary work of the Church, of the serve God—the gospel, his good word,

that my family should partake of it Primary program and the genealogical his glad tidings—then we have no need

also;..."(1 Nephi 8:1112.) program and the serviceman's program, to fear, not him who can kill the body,

I conceive this to be the simplest and and every other effort made by the not any man, or any foe. We have need

most understandable of human emoChurch to lift and inspire and to do all that we can. We have

tions. That which is beautiful and good strengthen the individual child of God. need to make the kind of preparation

and satisfying to the soul is infinitely If we will learn for ourselves through God asks of us, and if we have so done, more so when shared with those we love. investment, through effort, through then we can stand with a spirit of

exist could be solved, and out of it we true with reference to India. I recall

would have peace and good will. In an experience which I had this past

the final analysis, the Church of Jesus summer with an individual from India

Christ of Latterday Saints has the who had spent some time at BrigCEASE TO BE IDLE responsibilitythat Jesus Christof teachingis the Sonto oftheGod.world hamoffices,Youngand IUniversity.had the privilegeHe cameof tomeetour

At some future time, the missionaries ing him. He indicated to me that he

Joseph L. Wirthlin and representatives of the Church of had read the Book of Mormon. I asked

to are question, believe Christ the the going have the you him "DoPresiding Bishop Jesus is it is true, to to the gospel opportunity preach the that the Book of Mormon

President McKay, my beloved brethren and sisters, I am more than grateful for the privilege of expressing to you my heartfelt appreciation. As I meet

the members of the Church in the various stakes, I am meeting with my brethren and sisters, for we are brethren and sisters. I think of our Older Brother

Jesus Christ the Son of God. It is a

wonderful thing to know that we are all brethren and sisters and, above all, that we are the sons and daughters of our Heavenly Father, and also that

Jesus Christ is our Older Brother.

I want to bear testimony to you that

I know that Joseph Smith was a Prophet.

There is no question about that in my mind. I am so grateful that in my own

soul I can bear that testimony without any hesitation whatsoever.

It was necessary for the world to have a prophet that the gospel of the Lord

Jesus Christ in its fulness might be Russian people. Just how it shall happen real history of America?"He said, "Yes,

available to the sons and daughters of or what will bring it about, I cannot I accept it."I said, "Then, if you

our Heavenly Father. Joseph Smith was tell you. But in the main, the Russian accept the Book of Mormon, you, no

a Prophet, and those who have followed people are a good people. When the doubt, have given some consideration

him are also prophets, every one of Lord makes it possible for missionaries to Christ and Joseph Smith."He said,

them. President McKay is a prophet, to go into that area and preach the "I have done that. Joseph Smith is a

a seer, and a revelator, brethren and gospel, literally millions of them will prophet."I made clear to him that we

sisters. That is my testimony to you accept it, and that same feeling of the had another prophet with the same

this morning. light of truth, the light of Christ, will authority, with the same rights to divine

I think of the marvelous revelation come to them. guidance as existed in the days of Joseph

given by the Lord to the Prophet Joseph It does not only mean to the people Smith, namely, President McKay. He

in the eightyeighth section of the in Russia, but it also means to the said, "I hope the time will come when

Doctrine and Covenants. I suggest that people in China where there are literally you will send your missionaries into

you read it in your homes with your millions and millions of the Lord's sons India. I am satisfied that our people

sons and daughters. It is called the Olive and daughters who do not know that are now waiting for something different,

Leaf, and it states that the light of Jesus Christ existed. But in the way of something else, something they do not

truth is the light of Christ. If the whole the Lord, the missionaries somehow are have."President McKay, I am sure that

world could accept Jesus Christ as the going to preach the gospel to the people some day the missionaries will go into

Son of God, there is no question but in China. India and preach the gospel to the

that many of the problems which now What I say about China is equally millions and millions of individuals

930 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

power, of strength, of a sound mind, far as I am able to know my own heart charge.

and bear testimony of Jesus. We can be and my own mind, I may say to you I pray that God will bless me and

of good cheer and fear not. We can that I am not afraid of Mr. Khrushchev you and through us all whom we may

have that fearlessness characteristic of or what he can do. I am afraid of the touch, that we may radiate, exude a

God's children in all the ages who have influence of the one whom the scriptures spirit of faith and not of fear, that we had such a change of heart—the change occasionally call Beelzebub. I have a will make preparation and then stand

of which our President has spoken respect for him and what he can do if humbly before God, of good cheer and today. The prophets of old spoke of it, we permit him. I do not want my feet without fear. In the name of Jesus

and of it I testify, thanking God that so on the side of the line where he is in Christ. Amen.

who do not know very much about when we worship the Lord, when we..."Much could be said about this.

Christ and never will know until we meet our assignments in connection with Youth must have its recreation, we will have the opportunity to teach them the the Church and, above all, have the all admit, but the right kind of recreagospel. opportunity of attending Sacrament tion is going to be that which is under

The Lord said in the eightyeighth meeting, the most important meeting of the direction of the priesthood. We have

section of the Doctrine and Covenants the whole week. It is my prayer that the these wonderful buildings, these recreato search for the truth through study attendance at our Sacrament meeting tion halls, where the right kind of recand prayer. I am sure that every conwill be one hundred percent. I hope that reation is available, and where these

vert of the Church accepts the gospel of in America we will not have the exevents will start at such a time that the Lord Jesus Christ through study and perience that I had in Germany in youth may return home by at least prayer. Prayer is most important to con1914 while preaching the gospel to twelve o'clock. After twelve o'clock is

verts. the German people. I passed a great when the power of the evil one overIn the Doctrine and Covenants, the cathedral each weekend. One morning takes youth and others. We should see

Lord said to us I went inside. It was beautiful, and I to it that they retire to their beds early

"Cease to be idle; cease to be unclean; also noticed that there were four people that when they get up in the morning

cease to find fault one with another; in the attitude of prayer. The next week they are not weary. That means much

cease to sleep longer than is needful; something happened to Germany. What to youth, particularly those who are

retire to thy bed early, that ye may not was it? Germany was at war with attending school, for out of the strength

be weary; arise early, that your bodies France, England, and Russia. Again I they have mentally and physically, they

and your minds may be invigorated. went back and found the cathedral was are able to meet the assignments that

"And above all things, clothe yourfilled to capacity with as many people may be given to them by their instrucselves with the bond of charity, as with outside as there were inside. They had tors. The promise is given, "... arise

a mantle, which is the bond of perfectall gone there for one purpose only: to early, that your bodies and your minds

ness and peace."(D&C 88:124125.) pray to the Lord that their husbands and may be invigorated."

I have thought of this wonderful statetheir sons and those who were on the Prayer is also mentioned when the ment many times in that marvelous front fighting for Germany might be head of the family, who does or does revelation: "Cease to be idle."The protected. not hold the Melchizedek Priesthood,

membership of the Church of Jesus I hope that in America we are not can call his wife, his sons and his

Christ of Latterday Saints, brethren and going to be forced to pray because of daughters in the morning hours to ask sisters, do not have time to be idle. It difficulties and possibilities of war, but the Lord for divine guidance in whatis wonderful that in this great organizawe are going to be a prayerful people ever their assignments might be. Then

tion every man and every woman and and recognize that God lives and that as the night hours come on, they can every child, regardless of age, has someJesus Christ is his Son. talk to that same Lord and extend gratithing to do. That is the great fundamenIn this marvelous revelation I have tude and thanks for the many blessings

tal difference between the Church of just read to you, the Lord not only said, they enjoy. "Pray always, that ye might

Jesus Christ and the churches of the "Cease to be idle,"but he also said, not faint, until I come. Behold, and lo,

world. "Cease to be idle.""cease to be unclean;..."I hope and I will come quickly, and receive you

We must set the proper example to pray with all my heart that America unto myself. Amen."(Ibid., 88:126.)

the people of America. We cannot afford will be a clean nation. Let us read the eightyeighth section

to have idle people. Every American The Lord also said, "... cease to find of the Doctrine and Covenants. It is a

ought to have something to do. This fault one with another,..."In every marvelous revelation. We need it brethwill protect him against the power of Latterday Saint home care should be ren and sisters. We have problems, and

the evil one, Satan. taken when a father criticizes a son or a we will continue to have them, and

I think of certain organizations which son is critical of a father or when the Lord has always given us informagive individuals the right to work only a mother is critical of her daughter or a tion and divine guidance to solve them for a short time. Some of them advocate daughter is critical of her mother; it through these instructions.

only four or five days a week. That is brings into the home the power of the I pray the Lord to bless you all in

contrary to the mind and will of our evil one, and the Spirit of the Lord will your endeavors to guide and direct you

Heavenly Father. The Lord set us a not dwell there. Faultfinding should that we may enjoy the divine guidance

proper example when he said, "Six days be eliminated in the family relationship. of our Heavenly Father, which I pray

shalt thou labour, and do all thy work: Again it states, "... cease to sleep will be the blessing of each and every

..."(Ex. 20:9.) And what is the seventh longer than is needful; retire to thy one of us, in the name of Jesus Christ.

day to be? The seventh day is the day bed early, that ye may not be weary, Amen.

DECEMBER 1961 931 Friday Afternoon Session, sheep in the midst of wolves: be ye to the teachings and warnings of the

September 29, 1961 therefore wise as serpents, and harmless prophets.

as doves."And he added: "... beware To sum up these darkened and hardof men "(Matt. 10:1617.) ened attitudes of the Nephites, I quote

Possessing, as we do, the endowment one paragraph only from the Nephite

BEWARE OF titledof the toHolythe Ghost,gift of ifdiscernmentworthy, wetoareguideenrecord:"And many more things did the peoof in their schemhearts, ple imagine up which

trap foolish vain; and were andCONSPIRING MEN anding helpand usdesigningavoid themenpitfallsto and they were

ensnare us into the meshes of worldly much disturbed, for Satan did stir

Delbert L. Stapley lusts, influences, and pleasures. them up to do iniquity continually;

of the Council of the Twelve I repeat, this warning concerning the yea, he did go about spreading rumors evils and designs of conspiring men, aland contentions upon all the face of though given in the revelation on the the land, that he might harden the

My brothers and sisters, I trust the Word of Wisdom, has a much broader hearts of the people against that which talk I have prepared will not depart application than normally applied to its was good and against that which should from the excellent and very choice forbidden items, and, if rightly viewed, come."(Helaman 16:22.)

theme introduced this morning by our encompasses every field of human enThis account of wickedness and conbeloved President, David O. McKay. deavor. It is equally true that the use tentions among the Nephites prior to

I have thought much about the Lord's of the things forbidden in the Word of the Lord's birth in the meridian of time warning given in this last dispensation Wisdom also serve to break down the is duplicated in the wickedness, contenagainst the evils and designs of conaccepted Christian virtues and moral tions, and deceptions of our day as we spiring men in the last days. When concepts of life which so often lead to approach the second coming of our

calling our attention to man's crafty other more serious transgressions and Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. Propheschemes and artful intrigues, the Lord sins. To narrow the meaning of this cies concerning these days are also

did not confine the warning, as I underwarning would make us vulnerable to being fulfilled and Satan is stirring up stand it, to the forbidden items which the wicked designs of conspiring men the hearts of men to do iniquity conare specifically mentioned in the revewho are not interested in the salvation tinually; and to thwart, if possible,

lation on the Word of Wisdom or which of man but rather are interested in their faith in the great event of Christ's sechave been interpreted as belonging to own personal favor or gain. The Savior ond coming to earth, which I testify is

this divine law of health. May I read gave warning that in these last days sure to come to pass. Satan is alert and

to you this admonition and warning: Satan will rage in the hearts of the active. We must be more alert and

"Behold, verily, thus saith the Lord children of men and will stir them up perceptive of the false and insincere unto you: In consequence of evils and to anger against that which is good. schemes of his agents among us.

designs which do and will exist in the "And others,"said the great American Here is a partial list of areas where, hearts of conspiring men in the last prophet, Nephi, "will he pacify, and in my judgment, the warning applies.

days, I have warned you, and forewarn lull them away into carnal security, The listing is not complete and in you, by giving unto you this word of that they will say: All is well in Zion; no way reflects the order of theirwisdom by revelation—"(D&C 89:4.) yea, Zion prospereth, all is well—and seriousness:

The Word of Wisdom is a well sethus the devil cheateth their souls, and In the field of politics the party is so lected and timely example chosen by leadeth them away carefully down to often first, regardless of candidate the Lord for the Saints'understanding hell."(2 Nephi 28:21.) qualifications or record or party platof this warning against the evils and We cannot with safety say, "all is form and legislative program.

designs of conspiring men. well in Zion."We cannot afford to beDecisions frequently based upon

The Lord foresaw the evils of our come complacent and indifferent to the political expediency and not what is day and the designs of cunning and wicked and deceptive designs of conbest for the people.

deceiving men who operate under the spiring men. Lehi taught, "For it must Selfish ambitions of men in departinfluence of Satan and his satanic hosts. needs be, that there is an opposition in ments of government who also seek to

Satan's power to deceive and to lead all things."(Ibid., 2:11.) That opposiperpetuate themselves in office.

astray the children of men is unquestion is present in force today. The Harassing investigations, many of

tioned. The scriptures are full of such pressure of Satan's power is intensified which are either publicity stunts or

examples. as the time of the Savior's second coming smoke screens to deceive the public

To be forewarned is to be forearmed. to earth draws near. We have a forefrom the underlying motives and

We, the people of the Lord, cannot afboding example as recorded in the purposes.

ford to be lulled into peaceful security Book of Mormon history of the Nephite Pressure groups seeking preferential and complacency. The dangers of our people in the years just preceding the treatment at the expense of the people

day are real and knocking constantly birth of Christ into the world. Samuel, as reflected in increased tax burdens.

and unrelentingly at our doors. How the Lamanite prophet, prophesied to the The tremendous extravagance and

ably will we meet the challenge of these Nephites of the approaching birth of waste in government with much coverevil influences and designs of wicked Jesus Christ, our Lord, in the land of ing up of mistakes and errors.

men? The test of true Church memJerusalem. They rejected his witness Recreation and amusements in which

bership is here. Can we stand firm and and testimony. They attempted to exmoney is so often spent for that which

true to the principles, ideals, and standplain away the teachings of Samuel and is of no worth to the individual.

ards of the gospel, or will we be so the unusual phenomena of nature so The theater and cinema which so frenaive and unsuspecting as to fall into much in evidence on this continent bequently portray and encourage the inthe traps of evil so cunningly planned fore Christ's birth, which happenings decent, immoral, lustful, and worldly and promoted by designing and conwere also prophesied of by their imaginations and desires of mankind.

spiring men? Those of a religious naprophets. They accused their spiritual Glamorizing the movie star, the enterture are so often classified naive and leaders of keeping the people down to tainer, or the athlete and placing him

innocently unsuspecting. The Savior be servants to their words, also servants or her upon a publicity pedestal when

knowing of this attribute counseled his unto them. Thus ignorantly persuaded his or her personal life may not measure

disciples, "Behold, I send you forth as they were unwilling to yield themselves up to the high ideals of moral and

932 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ethical standards of behavior expected of The disgraceful abortion racket draws of maladjustment in men and women celebrities who are constantly in the into its net young women pregnant to a background of sex inadequacy, public eye. out of wedlock who wish to cover suggests as treatment a transgression of

So much low standard movie producup their sin. Married couples are also the moral code to correct the ill.

tions which weaken the moral virtues, guilty of this heinous sin. I refer you The vast production and sale of drugs,

destroy character values, and encourage to the recent articles on this immoral, which ordinarily are beneficial, yet vice and crime among youth. murderous racket recently featured in a fine line must be drawn between the

In the field of communications, newsThe Saturday Evening Post of May 20 designs of men in the stock market and papers and other periodicals reveal the and May 27 of this year. the actual medical need of the drug.

vast expanse of man's designs and The sciences are not free from the Teachers in educational fields proschemes and frequently accept advertisdesigns of conspiring men, although moting wrong ideas and theories, also ing which is false and misleading. true science is fundamental to modern personal views which undermine the

Recommending products, the quality progress and living. The process of ethical, moral, and spiritual values

and benefits of which are of questiondiscovery, which we call science, is which youth should freely receive in the able value. neither good nor evil. It is neutral. classroom.

Newsstands with so much vile, filthy, But the conditions which it imposes on In the field of philosophy are found and obscene, pornographic literature those who practice it are not neutral. the deceptive sophistries of men. Also

which is a disgrace and a disease to Scientists are human, and many channel the modern intellectual and free thinker intelligent minds. their knowledge developing commercial who attempts to modify, change, or imRadio and television portray crime, products to realize increased personal prove upon the glorious truths, princisex, and the sensational. This worldly ples, and standards revealed of God to

and carnal emphasis applies to the his chosen prophets who speak authoricinema productions as well. tatively by his divine power and wisdom.

The underworld of gambling and vice Then there are always the insincere are constantly and unrelentingly exploitand unethical, as well as the deceiver ing the innocent and unsuspecting. and antiChrist to deal with.

interests operLiquor gambling and are in areas These but the a few justify partially their existenceators affairs of agents the of mankind where taxes the paid heavythrough by them evil the prey unsuspecting upon and relieves tax claim they burdenswhich

It innocent. so has in the ever been

fail people. to the mentionfrom They

of history unfortunately, today and man their ofthat the use products by and picture has not the changed, but operdevices, the customergambling pays ates scale. a broader Man's upon much receives personal taxthe and good no

desires actions are not always and activity. or product thefrom

this pleasing in to of era time God, and

Some speculative business operators, it seems man's conspiring designs and also swindlers, with their schemes, stock deceptions are destroying the ethics and promotions, and finance plans of an unmorals pleasing to an allwise and loving sound and promotional nature. Father. Youth is systematically exPromotions are not always truthful, ploited with great energy by the

also short of dependable facts and fail unscrupulous and scheming agents of in fulfillment of promised income and evil. Youth requires wise counsel, good

rewards. example, and understanding teachers

Organizations with deceptive aims to guide them.

and purposes which operate under the In the Church, as elsewhere, we are cloak of humanitarian, social, or politiat grips with the trying problems of cal guise to gain personal goals or preevil. Therefore, we should be on guard

benefits.ferred group live so discern to as constantly the and

is It wealth. the promoters science of intents of designs the wicked and and appearing purposes and aims on The chief whose purpose financontemplates

fall sinister their to not prey constitute schemes real surface the not dothe cial gain evil where designing and men motives. has and of most Lord been sponsoring The such motivesunderlying will found. be

this considerate giving kind us in and by be found Examplesgroups. may ethics exist Although in good the revelation. knowledge and warning frontsocialistic by organcommunistic and profession of law, nevertheless the proyield the Will not heed and warningizations. we

is fession not the without unscrupulous, to to deSatan's stratagems powers and certain in areas labor movement The cunning, designing fellow and members. to ceive peace, destroy us? and Ouris racketeers permitting management practice In of the medicine and

is in safety, listening happiness our our sinister are and motives damagwhose surgery, quacks nonprofessional and into teachings following the and and class, to business, the to workinging practitioners are found.

of structions the anointed. Lord's this of to end government. Theand Also the physician without knowledge

serious problem is still before us to be of the main purpose of life to bring I pray, my brothers and sisters, that reckoned with. souls to earth will advise couples to we will have faith in the revelations and

The narcotic racket which includes forego the bearing of children and even abide by the commandments, warnings, the promotion and use of harmful advise sterilization to the regret of both and admonitions which the Lord has drugs is a constant menace to this and husband and wife when conditions given for our guidance, blessing, and other countries. The number of drug change in their lives. exaltation, and with the eye of faith

addicts is increasing at an alarming Overemphasizing surgery, and in see through men's evil designs and with rate. In spite of legislation and consome cases needless and even harmful courage and wise purpose avoid them as

trols by the Federal Food and Drug Act, surgery. a plague.

men evade the law, and the traffic in Another example is the socalled God bless us with wisdom and judgnarcotics continues to expand and is an "cancer cures."ment to do so, I humbly pray, in the

everincreasing curse to humanity. The psychiatrist who attributes cases name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

DECEMBER 1961 933 willing to listen to the missionaries It is truth to believe that Jesus is his and in so doing catch the spirit of the Divine Son, the Savior of the world. It

great message which they have. is truth to believe that they, both of

I think of the words of Brigham them, appeared to the boy, Joseph

Young, the leader of modernday Israel. Smith, in the Sacred Grove. It is truth

What a leader he was in taking the to believe that after he was proved and reins after the Prophet Joseph's martyrtested and tried he had the responsibility dom! He made this declaration: "Truth of reestablishing the Church of Jesus

is It is in of gospel earth. our text, the again the truth salvation our Christ THE WORLD

all subject, circuit."that to believe the of the world and our powersOUR CIRCUIT"This Church embodies all truth. Holy Ghost and th? priesthood havethe

Faithful members in this Church know been restored.

John Longden that all truth emanates from God our Yes, I testify that truth is our text

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve Eternal Father. He is the fountain in very deed. And I also testify that

source of truth. There is no halftruth we have the gospel of salvation, and not

or untruth in this Church. I rememonly salvation but also exaltation for all

In just five days it will have been ten ber hearing President George Albert our Heavenly Father's children who years since I was called to become an Smith, another mouthpiece and prophet will accept these truths and live in assistant to the Council of the Twelve. of the Lord, declare on several occaobedience to them. It is marvelous to

This is the twentieth time that I have sions, as he was making an appeal to see the gospel work in the lives of appeared in the Tabernacle in this posiothers who might not yet have accepted individuals. About six weeks ago totion, and I assure you it does not get the full truths of the gospel of Jesus day, I had the opportunity of being on

any easier. It has been a decade of joy Christ that they not give up the truths the Island of Tahiti, where I witnessed

and pleasure in visiting throughout the that they had espoused but further inthere a few days before, the construction

Church in the United States, Canada, vestigate and study and search for of a little Fall or chapel with a thatched

Mexico, Central America, and the Isthemselves, and they would find that roof, where the members had been lands of the South Pacific—Tahiti, which we proclaim is all truth, and that willing to go out and cut down the

Tonga, Samoa, Cook Islands, Australia, they would receive a witness of this. coconut trees for the posts of that

and New Zealand. That is the appeal that I have felt chapel and then tie the palms together

I am so grateful for the rich privileges has emanated from the sessions of this for the roof, and then braiding the palms and blessings which have been mine in conference thus far. I know in every to make the sides so that if it stormed

association with members of the fiber of my being that this Church emthey would have protection from the

Church who are striving to effect in bodies all truth. My, how the world wind and the rain. Otherwise, the sides

their lives the teachings of the gospel needs this truth today in order to put would be open.

of Jesus Christ, members coming, I down error, in order to do away with There was a sand floor. Benches had

presume, from all the churches that are the things which Brother Stapley has been made at a cost of probably ten or organized in the world. Some not called to our attention. fifteen dollars, the total cost of the little

having claim to any church have been It is truth to believe that God lives. chapel about twenty to twentyfive dolof the Elders in Kirtland, Ohio, the the minds of men that God has all

Prophet Joseph Smith stated that there knowledge, it would be impossible for are certain fundamental principles necthem to exercise faith in him.

essary for us to understand respecting Whom do you worship? Do you

Deity and our relation to him. In order worship a Living God or an unknown

that we may exercise faith in him for God, as the Athenians did?

"... Ye men of Athens, IWHOM DO YOU lifeideasandof hissalvation,character,we hismustperfectionhave correctand Athenians:On Mars'hill, Paul said to the

WORSHIP? attributes.attributes as Theknowledge,Prophetpower,listedjustice,such superstitious.perceive that in all things ye are too

judgment, mercy, and truth. "For as I passed by, and beheld your

Eldred G. Smith These attributes are necessary to endevotions, I found an altar with this

Patriarch to the Church able any rational being to exercise faith inscription, To the Unknown God.

in God, for without the idea of the Whom therefore ye ignorantly worship, existence of these attributes in the Deity, him declare I unto you.

I appreciate the honor of this position, men could not exercise faith in him for "God that made the world and all but as other speakers have said, it does life and salvation. Without the knowlthings therein, seeing that he is Lord

not become easier. I see so many in edge of all things, God would not be of heaven and earth, dwelleth not in

the audience who could do much better able to save any part of his creatures; temples made with hands;

than I, yet inasmuch as I am called to for it is by reason of the knowledge of "Neither is worshipped with men's take this position, I pray the Lord's all things from the beginning to the hands, as though he needed any thing, blessings will be with me. end that enables him to give that unseeing he giveth to all life, and breath,

We have heard considerable about derstanding to his creatures by which and all things;

having faith in the gospel, living the they are made partakers of eternal life. "And hath made of one blood all

teachings of the gospel. In the School If it were not for the idea existing in nations of men for to dwell on all the

934 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA lars. As is the case all over the Church, under construction without any heat, New Zealand, in Tahiti, and in Samoa.

those people were willing to put in their as you workmen know. Upon being These missionaries are willing to

time and their effort, and in ten days introduced to her I learned that she had teach the world that this is the gospel the chapel was constructed. I had the come all the way from Auckland at her of truth, the gospel of salvation and

privilege of dedicating that little buildown expense. She had a week's holiday, exaltation, for the world is our circuit,

ing, with 134 people assembled—more and she was willing to serve that time just as Brigham Young said, and it apthan it could hold. Some were on the in painting inside the Church because plies more than ever today.

outside. The Spirit of the Lord was she also has a witness of the truth of "And this gospel of the kingdom shall

there. They were people willing to the gospel of salvation and exaltation. be preached in all the world... and

learn about salvation and exaltation. Many all over the world are gaining then shall the end come."(Matt.

They were hungry for truth. this witness that this is truth and that 24:14.)

Just a week ago tonight it was my it offers something here in mortality This gospel of the kingdom is truly opportunity and privilege to dedicate to live by and also that glorious hope going forth to all mankind. Some nathe Pesega chapel in Upolu, Westand promise of the Master that we shall tions today do not allow our missionern Samoa. The prime minister of have the privilege of dwelling with him aries to come in, but that is not the

Western Samoa was in attendance and and his father—his literal Father and fault of the prophet of the Lord, Presispoke at the services, commending our the Father of our spirits eternally. dent David O. McKay, who has the

people because he saw lives that had Yes, this is a gospel of salvation—salvision and the inspiration to guide and

been changed into something worthvation from the clutches of Satan, direct this great missionary labor. All

while as they put away the material salvation from the powers of men, salwho heard President McKay this mornthings of life, put away the pitfalls and vation which gives us strength to live ing in his stirring appeal for all to the snares of the adversary, and were by here, and a goal to work toward. accept and follow truth must be imwilling to cling to truth, having a vision Brigham Young stated that the world pressed with the sincerity of his message.

which this Church offers to all the world was our circuit. I have not had the However, in many nations the gospel

of their possibilities and the developprivilege of going around the world, is being preached.

ment of their potential. but half of it at least, and as I say, I So I pray that each one of us may be

About five weeks ago in New Zeahave met with hundreds of missionaries missionaries in very deed, living and land, in Christchurch, we went into a who are willing to leave their homes teaching by that power of example and lovely building that is being conand their loved ones, their families, then following the exhortations that structed, entirely different from the one their personal pursuits, to go out and have been given to us in these sessions

I have referred to at Faaoue in Tahiti. serve. I am so grateful for this privito read and study the scriptures and be

That is a glorious spot. Here was lege to mingle with the youth, to feel so advised that we will be able to teach

a young woman—many working—but of their spirit, and to give them enothers by the spirit that they may feel

one young woman all wrapped up, it couragement of what their possibilities it, receiving the same witness, or a like seemed, with two or three sweaters beare if they will continue to follow truth. witness that we have. I bear you my

cause Christchurch can be very cold I bring many greetings to all friends testimony that these things are true and in winter and early spring, and there and loved ones from missionaries I pray for his blessings upon us in the is nothing colder than a new building have visited within the last six weeks in name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen.

face of the earth, and hath determined In the Doctrine and Covenants, the they that worship him must worship the times before appointed, and the Lord tells us: him in spirit and in truth."(John 4:24.)

bounds of their habitation; "The Father has a body of flesh and Man is also a spirit clothed with flesh

"That they should seek the Lord, if and bones, so, too, is God. Again the

haply they might feel after him, and Lord has said in modern revelation, find him, though he be not far from "For man is spirit. The elements are

every one of us: eternal, and spirit and element, in-

"For in him we live, and move, and separably connected, receive a fulness have our being; as certain also of your of joy."(D&C 93:33.) Birth is the

own poets have said, For we are also uniting of this spirit and elements of his offspring. physical bodies. Death is the separa-

"Forasmuch then as we are the offtion. The resurrection is the reuniting

spring of God, we ought not to think of the spirit and the physical body, that the Godhead is like unto gold, or which the Lord says, "inseparably consilver, or stone, graven by art, and nected, receive a fulness of joy."

man's device."(Acts 17:2229.) So Moses recorded in Genesis: "So

Paul tells us here that we are the offGod created man in his own image, in spring of God. Later in his epistle to the image of God created he him; male

the Hebrews he tells us, "Furthermore and female created he them."(Gen.

we have had fathers of our flesh which 1:27.)

corrected us, and we gave them rever- I ask—whom do you worship? Whom

ence: shall we not much rather be in do I worship? I worship my God who

subjection unto the Father of spirits, bones as tangible as man's; the Son is my Father in heaven, the Father of

and live?"(Heb. 12:9.) So we are the also."(D&C 130:22.) my spirit, a resurrected, glorified, perspirit children of God. Now John says, "God is a Spirit: and fected man, not resurrected from this

DECEMBER 1961 935 earth, no, but from some previous earth who have appeared to man? As sure as Jesus Christ is resurrected,

in the long distant past. For example, as recorded in Matthew: so may I have a hope in a resurrection.

How do I know he is a resurrected "And the graves were opened; and many If men may be resurrected and God is

man? If he is not, I have no hope in bodies of the saints which slept arose, not, then man will have accomplished

the resurrection. Neither then is Christ "And came out of the graves after his what God has not and thus become

resurrected, nor others. Then, too, are resurrection, and went into the holy greater than God. This we know is

all the scriptures false which are replete city, and appeared unto many."(Matt. impossible. Hence what men may acwith references to resurrected beings 27:5253.) complish, God has accomplished ahead

to the Church as a speaker, and it rebrethren and sisters, perhaps it has been minds me that when I was a teenager, mine, and perhaps I am wholly responabout sixtytwo years ago, I went to a sible for it. At any rate I am happy

patriarch to have a blessing, and it that it has not come to pass yet.

was a very fine blessing. Mind you, at Now, I wonder if some of us have

that time I was living in Mexico with the right attitude toward the promises the possibility that upon obtaining my that are made to us by patriarchs and majority, I could become a Mexican other people who bless us. I have had

citizen. of the promises in that blessings Some given of the President by meBLESSINGS ARE depend blessing would upon my remainthe the Twelve and President of the

PREDICATED ing there and becoming a citizen. That Church and other people, and I have

I did not want to do. So when these felt always that it was an indication of

Antoine R. Ivins promises have not been realized, I have what the brother who gave me the

of the First Council of the Seventy never blamed the patriarch. I looked blessing felt might be realized if it

upon that blessing, brethren and sisters, pleased God and if I earned it. Maybe

as a vision of what I might do if I would I am not right, but that is the way I

My brethren and sisters, it is only the seek the blessings of the Lord, live true feel about it.

fact that I have discovered that there to the covenants that I had made, and There is another point that this brings is a great spirit of love and sympathy in endeavor to realize those blessings. to my mind—it is seventytwo years

this gathering, that I have the confi- I think that all of the blessings that since I was baptized and confirmed.

dence to stand before you this afterare promised to us throughout the In that baptism and confirmation there noon and bear my testimony, but it is Church are dependent upon our efforts is another promise made to me, and it no easier than it was thirty years ago to help them come to pass. I never is just as possible as the patriarchal

in October when I first did it. have felt that a patriarchal blessing was blessing. It is based upon the same

Brother Longden, you need not brag! a prediction as to what must come to life of service, that if I will live true

Sixty times, my brethren and sisters, pass, but what might come to pass if to the implied covenants that there are conditions help would weI so that those in to the of waters pledged have confirmayou baptism and my service—an

realized. things could be tion, far service lay as as it that eventually I canhonest work within my my way

power, and I hope that God has blessed Many of those things I have tried to do, back into the presence of God, our my efforts that somewhere along the but I just did not want to be a Mexican Heavenly Father, and be exalted there.

line, someone may have been encourcitizen, and I did not want to be a Mexi- I am thinking that some of us do not aged and comforted, for that is our can statesman. So I am not holding remember that and do not worry too

sole purpose. Patriarch Stowell responsible for the much about it.

I find myself following the Patriarch failure. It has not been his fault, Then my problem is to learn how to

might have been kings and their courts, washed away. It was never baptized

presidents and their cabinets, prime by fire, for that is still to come. It has

ministers their of associates, periods health, editors, shorter good had but andLISTEN TO THE ailing. of of longer armies the time ones of commanders Most and navies and

PROPHET'S VOICE air forces, and all others in the world, there have been pains and aches in some particularly our fellow men of the parts of its anatomy, but now that it is

Spencer W. Kimball Americas from Tierra del Fuego to Point growing old, complications have set in,

of the Council of the Twelve Barrow—for the prophet of the Lord and all the ailments seem to be

spoke in stirring tones of warning to all everywhere.

the people of this world. The world has been "cliniced,"and

My beloved brothers and sisters, I hope Our world is in turmoil. It is aging the complex diseases have been catathat of the estimated million who may toward senility. It is very ill. Long ago logued. The physicians have had

have been listening this morning, there it was born with brilliant prospects. It summit consultations, and temporary

may have been many among them who was baptized by water, and its sins were salve has been rubbed on afflicted parts,

936 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA of him. the Living God, my Father in heaven, flesh. It is he who stands at the head

Then the fact that you are now a the God of Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob, of this Church, with President David mortal on this earth is proof that God, the God of this world. I invite all O. McKay as his prophet here today.

too, at one time in the far distant past, honest in heart everywhere to join with May God bless him and his associates has gone through a life of mortality the faithful Latterday Saints in worin this great work and bless all you ahead of you. Hence God is a resurshipping our Father in heaven. I know good people who endeavor to keep the

rected, glorified man. that God lives and Jesus Christ is his commandments of God, in the name of

Whom do you worship? I worship Son, begotten of the Father in the Jesus Christ. Amen.

do it, brethren and sisters, and learning studying to find out what pleases God natural for us, and if we do not have how to do it to make up my mind that our Heavenly Father as to the way we something to guide us and to give us

I want to do it, and making up my mind should live. incentive to bridle our passions (and

that I want to, that I start about doing it. I believe that the best place where that is testimony) we are not so likely

I have a relative by marriage who had the gospel of Jesus Christ is set out for to do it as well as we might.

a little difficulty with one of his habits us to follow is in the Book of Mormon. So testimony is what we seek in this,

one time—one that so many people I have reread it this year, so I dare talk brethren and sisters.

suffer with, and he said, "Antoine, the to you, but where can you find in all of Then Brother Marion D. Hanks told

day I made up my mind that I wanted our scriptures a more complete and us that we should live in these troublous to quit it, I was through. From that clearer and more concise statement of times without fear. And what is it that

time on, Antoine, I never had to struggle the way back into the kingdom of God makes one fearless? The testimony of

with it because I made up my mind than you find in the Book of Mormon. Jesus Christ!

that I wanted to quit."That is one of Of course, we like to read the Bible, Sister Ivins and I and the mission

our major problems, brethren and we like to read other works, and I am president one time held a meeting in sisters, to find the way back into the never quite satisfied until I join the a little town north of Mexico City celestial glory in the kingdom of God Doctrine and Covenants under the same where a few years before two young and, finding it, make sure that we cover with the Book of Mormon, and men had been arrested and had been follow it. then we have joined the Pearl of Great promised their lives if they would deny

The way to find out what the gospel Price to them, so we have the triple the gospel of Jesus Christ. Those two

means and the privileges that it holds combination. Brethren and sisters, I boys stood up beside an adobe wall and

for us is to study the scriptures. We suggest that we do not stop when we were killed by gunfire, doing it without

have been told about that today, to study read the Book of Mormon, but that we fear because they knew the future which the scriptures and to follow the program go right through from cover to cover of comes from testimony as well as any of the Church, brothers and sisters, and that triple combination and try to reof us.

there are a lot of us that are very member what is in it and then make Brethren and sisters, that is our great sluggish in following the program of the up our minds we want to do it, for problem. Can we get a testimony? We

Church. If you do not believe it, folthat is the thing. get it by prayer and study, but more

low me around the next little while You cannot do that, brethren and especially after prayer and study, we and see how many of our members of sisters, without gaining a testimony of get it by doing the things God tells us the Melchizedek Priesthood are up to the gospel of Jesus Christ, and testimony to do and making our lives conform to date in reading the Book of Mormon. is necessary. It is absolutely the essential them. May he help us to do these

Brothers and sisters, we are just not factor in our determination to do these things, I pray in the name of Jesus there, we are sluggish in doing the things, because some of the things we Christ, our Redeemer, adding my testithings we know we ought to do and in have to refrain from doing are pretty mony to the others. Amen.

but it has only postponed the fatal day In an ancient situation somewhat The great powers warn and threaten.

and never cured it. It seems that while comparable to our own, there was a Bombs are detonated. Terror is subremedies have been applied, staph infecgreat destruction, and when the quiet stituted for reason. Defense stockpiles

tion has set in, and the patient's suffercame, those who were spared were increase. Nuclear races get swifter. The

ing intensified. His mind is wandering. wailing: radios whine. The newspapers carry

It cannot remember its previous illnesses "... O that we had repented before glaring headlines, politicians wrangle,

nor the cure which was applied. The this great and terrible day, and then students and authorities harangue.

political physicians through the ages would our brethren have been spared Everybody expresses opinions, but few have rejected suggested remedies as un-... and our mothers and our fair approach the real cause or the real cure.

professional since they came from lowly daughters, and our children... not What is the illness? Its symptoms are

prophets. Man being what he is with have been buried...."(3 Nephi 8:24manifested in every corner of the globe.

tendencies such as he has, results can 25.) They are found among men in high

be prognosticated with some degree of Today is another day, but history places, in hut and mansion. Its

accuracy. repeats itself. We read the headlines. symptoms are carelessness, casualness,

OECEMBEK 1961 937 covetousness, slothfulness, selfishness, ever brought down into captivity and me, and repent of your sins, and be dishonesty, disobedience, immorality, enslaved, it shall be because of iniquity; converted, that I may heal you?"(3

uncleanness, unfaithfulness, ungodliness. for if iniquity shall abound cursed shall Nephi 9:13.)

Our national and international aube the land."(See 2 Nephi 1:7.) The Great Wall of China with its

thorities should know that men have The prophet exclaims again with 1,500 miles of unbreakable walls, with "... been destroyed from generation to fervor: "And now we... behold the its twentyfive feet high impregnablegeneration according to their iniquities; decrees of God concerning this land, ness, with its innumerable watchman

and never hath any of them been dethat it is a land of promise; and whattowers, was breached by the treachery

stroyed save it were foretold them by soever nation shall possess it shall serve of men.

the prophets of the Lord."(2 Nephi God, or they shall be swept off when the The Maginot Line in France, these

25:9.) And modern prophets are warnfulness of his wrath shall come upon forts thought to be so strong and iming frequently, constantly. People are them. And the fulness of his wrath passable, were violated as though they

destroyed by their own acts. cometh upon them when they are were not there. Strength is not in con-

"There is one principle,"a modern ripened in iniquity."(Ether 2:9.) crete and reinforcing steel. Protection

prophet said, "(that we should) under- O that men would listen! Why is not in walls nor mountains nor cliffs,

stand:—that is of blessings and cursings. should there be spiritual blindness in yet foolish men still lean on "the arm of

For instance, we read that war, pestithe day of brightest material vision? flesh."

lence, plagues, famine, etc., will be Why must men rely on fortifications The walls of Babylon were too high

visited upon the inhabitants of the and armaments when the God of heaven to be scaled, too thick to be broken, too earth, but if distress through the judgyearns to bless them? One stroke of strong to be crumbled, but not too deep

ments of God comes upon this people, his omnipotent hand could make powerto be undermined when the human it will be because the majority have less all nations who oppose and save element failed. When the protectors

turned away from the Lord."a world even in its death throes. sleep and the leaders are incapacitated

The world's living prophet has warned Jesus Christ our Lord is under no with banqueting and drunkenness and and pleaded that the people return to obligation to save this world. The peoimmorality, an invading enemy can turn

God, who has said again: "I, the Lord, ple have ignored him, disbelieved him, a river from its course and enter

am bound when ye do what I say; but failed to follow him. They stand at his through a river bed.

when ye do not what I say, ye have no mercy which will be extended only if The precipitous walls on the high promise."(D&C 82:10.) they repent. But to what extent have hills of Jerusalem deflected for a time

This America is no ordinary country. we repented? Another prophet said, the arrows and spears of enemies, the

It is a choice land, "choice above all other "We call evil good, and good evil."catapults and firebrands. But even then

lands."(1 Nephi 2:20.) It has a tragic Men have rationalized themselves into wickedness did not lessen, men did

and bloody past, but a glorious and thinking that they are "not so bad."not learn lessons. Hunger scaled the

peaceful future if its inhabitants really Are they fully ripe? Has the rot of age walls; thirst broke down the gates; imlearn to serve their God. It was conseand flabbiness set in? Can they change? morality, cannibalism, idolatry, godlesscrated as a land of promise to the people They see evil in their enemies, but none ness stalked about till destruction came.

of the Americas, to whom God gave in themselves. Even in the true "Experience is a dear teacher but fools

these great promises: Church numerous of its people fail to will learn by no other."But we con-

"It will be a land of liberty to its attend their meetings, to tithe their intinue on in our godlessness. While the

people."(2 Nephi 1:7.) comes, to have their regular prayers, iron curtains rise and thicken, we eat,

"They shall never be brought down to keep all the commandments. We can drink, and make merry. While armies

into captivity."(Idem.) transform, but will we? It seems that are marshalled and march and drill

"And there shall be none to molest we would rather tax ourselves into and officers teach men how to kill, we them."(Ibid., 1:9.) slavery than to pay our tithes; rather continue to drink and carouse as usual.

"It is a land of promise."(1 Nephi build protections and walls than drop to While bombs are detonated and tested,

2:20.) our knees with our families in solemn and fallout settles on the already sick

"It shall be free from all nations prayers night and morning. world, we continue in idolatry and

under heaven."It seems that rather than fast and adultery. While corridors are threatened

"There shall be no enemies come into pray, we prefer to gorge ourselves at the and concessions are made, we live this land."banquet tables and drink cocktails. Inriotously and divorce and marry in

"It shall be free from bondage."stead of disciplining ourselves, we yield cycles like the seasons. While leaders

(Ether 2:12.) to urges and carnal desires. Numerous quarrel, and editors write, and authori-

"There shall be no kings upon the billions we spend on liquor and tobacco. ties analyze and prognosticate, we break

land."(2 Nephi 10:11.) A Sabbath show or a game or a race the Sabbath as though no command

"I will fortify this land against all replaces solemn worship. Numerous had ever been given. While enemies

other nations."(Ibid., 10:12.) mothers prefer the added luxuries of two filter into our nation to subvert us and

"He that fighteth against Zion shall incomes to the satisfactions of seeing intimidate us and soften us, we continue perish."(Ibid., 10:13.) children grow up in the fear of God. with our destructive thinking: "It can't

But these promises, glorious though Men golf and boat and hunt and fish happen here."

they be, desirable as they are, can come rather than to solemnize the Sabbath. Will we ever turn wholly to God?

only "... if they will but serve the God Old man rationalization is with us. BeFear envelops the world which could

of this land who is Jesus Christ...."cause we are not vicious enough to be be at ease and peace. In God is protec-

(Ether 2:12.) There is only one way. confined in penitentiaries, we rationaltion, safety, peace. He has said, "I will

That infallible cure is simply righteousize that we are pretty good people; that fight your battles."But his commitment

ness, obedience, Godliness, honor, and we are not doing so badly. The masses is on condition of our faithfulness. He

integrity. There is no other cure. of the people are much like those who promised to the children of Israel:

Mountains of arms and ammunitions escaped destruction in the ancient days "I will give you rain in due season,"will not guarantee safety, for enemies of this continent. The Lord said to The land shall yield her increase and

can also build fortifications and missiles them: trees their fruit.

and bomb shelters. If we would but be- "O all ye that are spared because ye Granaries and barns will bulge in

lieve the prophets! For they have warned were more righteous than they [the seed time and harvest.

that if the "inhabitants of this land are slain ones], will ye not now return unto Ye shall eat your bread in abundance.

938 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Ye shall dwell in your land safely and are available to godly people of this hand. Free love and indiscretions and

none shall make you afraid. land, how can any sane one continue in deviations of every nature are common

Neither shall the sword go through his careless patterns of life? in our day. Illigitimate births are said

your land. There is a cure for the earth's illness, to reach as high as one in ten, yet

And five of you shall chase an hunan infallible one. promiscuity far exceeds illegitimacy.

dred, and an hundred of you shall put War clouds gather, fear heightens; This ugly deviation is found among

ten thousand to flight:... (See Levititenseness increases, yet there need be youth and married people. Divorce,

cus 26:4-6, 8.) no fear and worry and sleepless nights. ever on the increase, jumping from one

But if you fail to serve me: Our God rules in the heavens. He divorce for thirtysix weddings in Civil

The land will be barren, (perhaps lives. He loves. He desires the happiWar days now has reached somewhere

radioactive or dry from drought.) ness and well being of all his children. near one to four. Flirtations, rationalThe trees will be without fruit and He has a prophet on the earth today ized to be innocent ones, are the root

the fields without verdure. who receives his revelations. He is of numerous of the divorces and other

There will be rationing and a scarcity a prophet to all the world. He has on ills.

of food and hunger sore. numerous occasions outlined the cure "Thou shalt not steal."{Ibid., 20:15.

No traffic will jam your desolate for all international as well as local Italics added.) Yet in high places and

highways. ills. The diagnosis is sure, and the in low, in government office and in

Famine will stalk rudely through your remedy certain. Today's prophet stands business, in everyday life, men have

doors and the ogre cannibalism will in the same position between God and rationalized until consciences seem to rob you of your children and your rethe people as did Isaiah, Samuel, and have been seared in the matter of honmaining virtues. even Moses who gave to the world the esty. Yet here are bribery, fraud, deceit,

There will be pestilence uncontrollten commandments. theft, padding of expense accounts, tax

able. But a controlling majority of the evasion, installment buying beyond

Your dead bodies will be piled upon people of this world have relegated them ability to pay, and gambling running the materialistic things you sought so to the past. into the billions.

hard to accumulate and save. "Thou shalt have no other gods beThe outlook is bleak, but the impend-

I will give no protection against fore me."(Exodus 20:3. Italics added.) ing tragedy can be averted. But it can

enemies. Yet today we worship the gods of wood be only through a great repentance and

They that hate you shall reign over and stone and metal. Not always are transformation.

you. they in the form of a golden calf, but "What can I do?"asks the fearful

There will be faintness of heart "and equally real as objects of protection and one. I can transform my own life till

the sound of a shaken leaf"shall chase worship. They are houses, lands, bank it is perfected and then influence others

you into flight and you will fall when accounts, leisure. They are boats, cars, when thus transformed. I am prepared

none pursueth. and luxuries. They are bombs and to live or die and need not fear. The

in Enoch's day, Your power—your supremacy—your ships and armaments. We bow down righteous were savedpride in superiority—will be broken. to the god of mammon, the god of and the wicked were drowned in the

Your heaven shall be as iron and your luxuries, the god of dissipation. flood. Other rebellious people were deearth as brass. Heaven will not hear "Thou shalt not take the name of the stroyed in the convulsions of the earth

your pleadings nor earth bring forth Lord thy God in vain;.. "{Ibid., 20:7. in the meridian of time, and they who

her harvest. Italics added.) Yet on the corner, in were more righteous were saved.

Your strength will be spent in vain public places, on work projects, at banConcerning Jerusalem the Lord said:

as you plow and plant and cultivate. quet tables, there come ringing into "I will defend this city"(2 Kings 19:34.)

Your cities will be shambles, your our ears the sacred names of Deity when the powerful, invincible Assyrian churches in ruins. without solemnity. army camped at the gates. That night

Your enemies will be astonished at the "Remember the sabbath day, to keep the Lord saved Jerusalem from Sennachbarrenness, sterility, desolation of the it holy."{Ibid., 20:8. Italics added.) erib and his 185,000 troops who did

land they had been told was so choice, Yet work goes on, merchandise is sold, not live the night through to attack.

so beautiful, so fruitful. athletic entertainments, fishing, huntThree hundred soldiers and God and

Then shall the land enjoy her Sabing go forward without regard to comGideon routed the powerful army of baths under compulsion. mandments. Conventions, unnecessary the Midianites. The thirteen colonies

And ye shall have no power to stand travel, family picnics, the Sabbath is gained a permanent victory over supebefore your enemies. violated generally. A relatively few peorior forces, and America was born. The

And your people will be scattered ple attend their church services, pay Lord and David slew Goliath, and Israel among the nations as slaves and bondstheir tithing, serve their fellow men. won many battles when they were rightmen. Few live up to the truth they know. eous. God will fight our battles if we

You will pay tribute and bondage and The taverns are full, the beaches honor him and serve him with all our fetters shall bind you. (See lhid., crowded, the grandstands packed, man hearts, might, mind, and strength.

26:1443.) servants, and maid servants hired to This I know, for the Lord has so deWhat a bleak prediction! Yet "These duty, the ski lifts busy, canyon picnic clared it through the ages, and I know

are the statutes and judgments and tables loaded. Scriptures are read little, he lives and is all powerful.

laws, which the Lord made between and the holy day becomes a holiday. The cause is not lost. If race tracks

him and the children of Israel in Mt. "Six days shalt thou labour,..."were closed on the Sabbath, if gambling

Sinai by the hand of Moses."{Ibid., {Ibid., 20:9. Italics added.) Yet everceased, drinking eliminated, work and

26:46.) The Israelites failed to heed increasing hours of leisure provide ever play confined to week days; if stores

the warning. They ignored the prophincreasing opportunities for Sabbath were closed and all people went to their

ets. They suffered the fulfillment of breaking and commandment ignoring, sanctuaries truly to worship even as best

every dire prophecy. and strikes and lobbying go on to inthey know; if taverns never opened, and

Do we twentieth century people have crease damaging leisure and decrease transgressors all repented, and broken reason to think that we can be immune work hours further. homes were mended, and children were

from the same tragic consequences when "Thou shalt not commit adultery"trained in uprightness; if families all

we ignore the same divine laws? (Ibid., 20:14. Italics added.) Yet this knelt in prayer night and morning, if

With such innumerable blessings as common sin and idolatry run hand in tithes were paid and integrity and worDECEMBER 1961 939 ship reigned in the lives of men, the "I will fight your battles,"says the passive, irreligious, irreverent, unholy, era of total peace would be ushered in. Lord God Omnipotent. He never fails immoral, ungodly, then we must "reFear would vanish, and enemies would his promises. pent or suffer."

be subdued. If we are of the masses who are casual, Of course, a onesided disarmament

Saturday Morning Session, will not be our last one. There will be husband?

September 30, 1961 others, and still others after that, beMost of us hate Mr. Khrushchev's

cause Mr. Khrushchev is determined to wickedness, but do we excuse similar

cause turmoil wherever and whenever traits of character when found in ourhe can. They branded him as a perselves? Let me read from a letter I

THE PURE LOVE sistent troublemaker, and said that he received recently.

if thereOF CHRIST toseemscauseto haveunpleasantness,no other purposemisery, thanand way"I amyou writingcan helpto askme. My husbandis some

contention. and I were married a little over ten

Mark E. Petersen The world is becoming more and years ago. For the first year we got

of the Council of the Twelve more resentful of the constant troublealong all right, but when our first child making of this man. International came my husband began to change. I

quarreling and bitterness are indeed really believe he was jealous of the

It surely is a great inspiration to be here, affecting the nerves of all mankind. attention I gave to my little infant

my brothers and sisters. I am grateful Inhuman treatment, the urge to take child. He was very upset when the

that I had the opportunity with you of advantage of others, cruelty, lying, misbaby cried, especially at night. Once

raising my hand in sustaining the representation, deceit, and dishonor are he even slapped the tiny baby's face. I

officers presented here today. With all sickening to the hearts of most people. ran to take the baby from him, and he

my heart and soul I sustain the PresiEvery honest person condemns the struck me so hard that he knocked me dent of our Church, President David O. duplicity of Mr. Khrushchev. Everyone down.

McKay, as the prophet, seer, and resents his troublemaking, his un- "It has been like that in our home ever revelator of the Lord. With all my soul pleasantness, his inhumanity. It is so since. We have not had a pleasant

I love him and honor him and am very deliberate, so coldly calculated. It hour in months. My husband never

grateful for his leadership. seems clearly evident that an evil spirit smiles anymore. When he comes home

I am thankful for these men who have motivates this man. from work a spirit of gloom and hatred

been sustained with him. Our hearts But let us stop for a moment and comes into the house with him. My

all go out to President Clark who is not think about that spirit. It is evil enough little boy, now nearly nine, is afraid of

here; our faith and prayers likewise. I in Khrushchev, and we are very prompt his dad and runs into the bedroom

am thankful for the great work that in condemning it in him, and yet, how whenever his father comes home. My

President Moyle is doing. I am thankdo we regard that same spirit when it little girl whimpers at his sight. I have

ful that President Brown has been called appears in smaller circles and not upon reached the point where I feel I must to his position. the broad stage of international politics? choose between my husband and my

I am very grateful indeed that Gordon How do we regard unpleasantness, conpeace of mind. The doctor says that if

Hinckley has been called into the tention, deceit, misrepresentation, cruel- I stay with him my children and I will twelve. I have known Gordon most of ty, and dishonor in our communities all be nervous wrecks. What do you

his life and a good part of mine. We here at home, for instance? Or among think we should do?"

grew up together in the First Ward in our immediate friends? Or in our office Then I received this from a young

Liberty Stake. His father was our stake or shop? Or even in our family circle? woman seventeen years of age. "I have

president for much of the time. His Are these evil tactics any less despicdecided to run away from home. I

father was as close to me as my able at home than on the world scene? can't stand my father's cruelty any

own father nearly, and I loved him as Are they any less evil i-f found in ourlonger. I have tried to get my mother

a father, and still do. selves than when exhibited by Mr. to leave home with me, but she won't.

And I welcome these other brethren, Khrushchev? Is quarreling among naShe is superstitious about divorce and

and these sisters, and I join with all of tions any worse than quarreling among would rather die than go through a you in wishing the very best for these members of a family, except as to the divorce court. Why must we have such

who have been released. I express sinnumber of people involved? Is it any trouble in our home? I always thought

cere appreciation for the remarkable worse for Khrushchev personally to home was a place to enjoy."

work they have done. assail the President of the United States A young woman came into my office

In one of the recent editions of the than for a husband to be cruel to his one day, and she was the saddestlooking

US News and World Report, the editors wife or child? Could our President be girl I have ever seen. She and her

commented upon the troublemaking any more offended by Khrushchev's inmother did not get along well. They

propensities of Mr. Khrushchev. They sults than a wife who is insulted and had entirely different ideas on nearly

said that great as is the Berlin crisis, it humiliated by a thoughtless or vicious every subject. She said her mother

940 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

could be madness if worldliness and flict. God is all powerful. prophet who sits with us here today. I

materialism continued, but a serious I plead with men everywhere to know he is God's recognized prophet. I

turn of the masses could forestall all "Come, listen to a prophet's voice"and beg of you to listen and act, in the name military conquests, all tragedies of conhear the word of God from our living of Jesus Christ. Amen.

tries to run her life for her, tries to some and unpleasant? Does might stir up the hearts of men with anger,

make all of her decisions, chooses her make right in a nation or in a shop or one against another; but this is my docfriends, and even decides what clothes in a family? Are any of us so blind trine, that such things should be done

she should wear. This girl planned to that we think that one member of the away."(3 Nephi 11:2830.)

leave home to escape the constant family can always be right and nobody Let us think seriously about that quarreling that goes on in that home. else? Can we be so deceived by our scripture: the spirit of contention is the

I did not hear the mother's side of the egotism that we suppose that like the spirit of the devil, who is the father of story, but I am sure she has one. It king we can do no wrong, that we can contention! Can we suppose that any

takes two to make a quarrel. be domineering and tyrannical in our of us can do the work of Christ if we

When I think of the divorce probown little circle with impunity? have the spirit of contention in our

lems which are prevalent in so many If you quarrel with your wife, have hearts or in our homes? Can we do the

homes, when I think of the conflict beyou thought that you might be motiwork of God by the spirit of the devil?

tween parents and children, when I vated by the same spirit which moves We are engaged in the Lord's work.

hear inflammatory remarks from men Khrushchev when he quarrels with the Then we should be guided by the Spirit and women who should know better, President of the United States? of the Lord and not by some contrary

when I see the pugnacious attitude of spirit. We should not invite into our

some who seem to enjoy being bullies homes the spirit of Satan himself by in their own homes, when I see how engaging in family quarrels, contention, man's inhumanity to man makes so and arguments.

many others mourn even close about us, No one needs to be grouchy. No one

I wonder if we really are a peaceloving needs to be unpleasant. Everyone can

people. control his emotions if he wants to, just

I wonder how much we Americans as he can control his appetites.

really believe in the teachings of the People can be kind if they want to

Prince of Peace. I almost wonder if we be kind. They can be considerate if

believe more in the troublemaking they want to be. They can be peacephilosophy of Khrushchev than we do ful if they would but try. They can be

in the peace philosophy of Christ. thoughtful and considerate of others

We are supposed to be a Christian if they but have the desire. Why even

nation. Then why don't we act as Khrushchev can smile and polish apples

Christians should? Why do so many when he wants to.

act more like Khrushchev than they do If we expect to do the work of Christ, like Christ? If we profess to believe If you are contentious in your family, let us follow the Savior's teachings.

in the teachings of Jesus, why don't we or quarrelsome with your neighbors, or He is the Prince of Peace. Then

obey them? Do we think professions even with your brethren and sisters in should we not be peacemakers?

are enough? Must we only pretend to the Church, have you thought that you He is the Author of mercy. Then

be Christians? might be motivated by the same spirit should we not be merciful?

Are the works of Christianity no which also moves Khrushchev? How He is the personification of love. Then

longer important? Do we really believe different from him are we if the same should we not practise the principles of

Jesus when he said, "Blessed are the evil spirit motivates us both? love which he gave us?

peacemakers"? (Matt. 5:9.) If we do, When the Savior came among the How can we forget the words of

then why do we not do more to establish Nephites after his resurrection in PalesPaul?

peace in our own personal circles, in tine, he taught these early Americans a "Though I speak with the tongues of our relationships with our wives and most important lesson on this point. men and of angels, and have not charity,

husbands and children? Why don't we Said he: "... there shall be no disputa- I am become as sounding brass, or

plan for and promote courtesy, love, and tions among you, as there have hitherto a tinkling cymbal.

kindness in our homes? Is family tenbeen; "Charity never faileth..

sion any more to be desired than world "... he that hath the spirit of con- "And now abideth faith, hope, chartension? Must we have either or both? tention is not of me, but is of the devil, ity, these three; but the greatest of

Is an evil dictator any worse in a who is the father of contention, and he these is charity."(1 Cor. 13:1, 8, 13.)

nation than in a family, so far as the stirreth up the hearts of men to contend And what is charity? It is the pure

affected people are concerned? with anger, one with another. love of Christ. Has it any place in our

Is it a sign of strength to be quarrel- "Behold, this is not my doctrine, to lives? In our homes? In our family

DECEMBER 1961 941 circles?... qualify him for the work."(D&C eliminate divorce from this land.

Do we have love at home? If we are 4:5.) Then he added temperance, In this day of trouble it ill becomes

without it, are we truly practising our patience, brotherly kindness, godliness, any of us to pattern our lives and our religion? What qualifies us as followers humility. Is there any godliness in habits after the arch troublemaker of

of Christ? The Lord gave the answer a family quarrel? Or any kindness or the world. He is contentious, he is

to the Prophet Joseph Smith in these charity or mercy? quarrelsome, he is bitter, he is cruel. Do

words: Eliminate unkindness from the homes we want to be like him?

"And faith, hope, charity and love, of America and we will pretty well Is it not better to remember our own

power of the priesthood in a measure strides of man.

could forestall and prevent the unjust I am indebted to Brother Ezra Taft dominion that could prevent the work of Benson for an article which he sent to

God going forth in these ancient lands me, which typifies in measure the failure of Europe, and to be there and to feel of the powers of Christendom to attract of this spirit and power was indeed a their members to the churches in EuACCOMPLISH THE great experience. rope. In Denmark, for example, less

WORK OF THE LORD EuropeThe workto keepcontinuespace withtotheprogressrest of thein thanpopulationonehalfretainsof oneany percentactive churchof the

Church, and for this we are grateful. connection. Sweden is a little better.

Alvin R. Dyer Many thousands of wonderful people In one Swedish parish, says Russell Kirk,

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve are accepting the gospel in these ancient in a recent article in the The National lands. Many very prominent men and Review, a Swedish minister, after

women are answering the call that has preaching for five years, found only his

I feel, my brethren and sisters, to be come to them through the efforts of the immediate friends and family attending at one with that which has been accommissionaries, and in the gospel net we regularly.

plished here this day to honor those are finding men of great influence and The Church of England, though by who have been released from their importance as well as those of the law established, obtains the active parcallings and to hail those who have ordinary walks of life. ticipation of only five percent of the

received a new responsibility. As I looked into the face of a very English population. The English dis-

I feel grateful to the First Presidency renowned architect from Munich just senting churches are in a worse plight.

for the privilege of coming to this con- a few days ago, a man who has gained Continuing this article, Russell Kirk has ference. I need the strength, I need the world recognition in papers that he has this to say:

association of the brethren, and I need prepared in his profession, I said, "I "What we are seeing rather is the to look into your faces and to see there would ask you but one question,"(he dropping away of most people into a the love of the gospel and the faith has been a member of the Church only state of apathy and disbelief, though not manifested, which enables me to go a month,) "do you believe that God even the fervent disbelief of the village forth in my responsibility to a greater actually talked to the Prophet Joseph atheist. A vague feeling that Christianity

degree. Smith and that he introduced to him his does not profit a man in any material

I have felt since the opening and Son?"He said, "Yes, I believe that with way, and a vaguer conviction that somechallenging remarks of President McKay all my heart, and I believe more, and I how religion is unscientific, seem to be

that if a phrase could be given to set want to serve."the approximate causes of this phenomethe theme of this conference, and I am This is typical of the many thousands na. Probably there is less religious belief

not trying to set it, but to me it is somewho are accepting the gospel and who and less influence of churches upon the thing like this, that we should put on want to serve their Heavenly Father. civilsocial order and upon the person

the whole armor of God and be prepared We are living in a tremendous age, than in any other period in the history for the important days that are ahead my brethren and sisters. It is a day of of Europe."

of us. And if perchance we have not great progress, of change, of rapid ad- I suppose in America we find this

put on the whole armor, then we now vance. The very structure of our civisame condition. Yet as we declare it,

have this challenge again from our lization, social, political, commercial, and as fully predicted by the prophets prophet that we place upon ourselves moral, and religious is greatly affected of God, the Spirit of God has been a renewed determination to fortify ourby that which persists before our eyes poured out upon all mankind. As proof

selves with the powers and the callings this day. There can be no question that of this I call your attention to the trethat have come to us to go forth and a new era has dawned upon our planet. mendous strides that have been made in

accomplish the work which the Lord Means of travel, trade, association, and the world since the restoration of the has given us to do. intercommunication between countries, gospel.

I am grateful for the faith and prayers even comparatively unknown, is before I remember as a young man sending of the members, for the authority of the us. But while in almost every field of to a renowned encyclopaedic organizapriesthood that has extended peace in science, every art is being developed tion a request for information of all

the earth, at least to the extent that we while the mind is awakened to new advancements that had been made since now feel it, so that the great work which thought, yet religious knowledge in the the year 1820 in the fields of science, the Lord has caused to be restored upon world is at a standstill. The creed of the and within a matter of several months,

the earth can continue. I felt in the fathers cast in the mold of other ages I was flooded with information from

organization of Berlin Stake that the shows no progress to match the onward them to indicate the tremendous manner

942 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA religion and develop without ourselves after marriage—ten years, twenty years of the spirit of bitterness and strife?the spirit of love and kindness and after marriage—as he was during his Ask yourself what spirit is in your

mercy? Isn't it better to have love at courting days? home, and ask yourself whose path you

home than a house full of bitterness, Should we not learn to love our wish to follow. Will it be that of

quarreling, and broken hearts? neighbor as ourselves, and is not wife Khrushchev, or of Christ?

Isn't there room for courtesy and or husband our closest neighbor? God give us the wisdom and the

consideration in our homes? Should Should not the spirit of prayer, the courage to be kind, I pray in Jesus'

not a man be as courteous to his wife Spirit of God, pervade our homes instead name. Amen.

in which the Spirit of God has rested speak in the name of God the Lord, lack of direction in spiritual things upon people since the day that Joseph even the Savior of the world; which undoubtedly is contributing to

Smith walked into the Sacred Grove. "That faith also might increase in the failure of people to attend churches

How tremendously in keeping with the earth; and to be benefited by the teachings of

his will that such enlightment upon "That mine everlasting covenant their own faith.

man should come as the result of a might be established; Recently one of our inquiring thinkrestoration of truth and the very pres- "That the fulness of my gospel might ers, a noted American mental health

ence of God, but that which man be proclaimed by the weak and the leader, Dr. Karl Menninger, made this

participates in today in a scientific way simple unto the ends of the world, and statement:

is only the minute, is only a fragmentary before kings and rulers."(D&C 1:2023.) "Most people today live without purpart of the light that has shone into Obedient to the predictions of this pose and without significance. They

the darkness, that brings to man by day and age and by all of the holy have no articulate philosophy. They do

divine intervention the truths of the prophets, it is not religious opinion not live within any frame of reference."

eternal law of salvation, which if apwhich will cover the earth, nor knowlIt is obvious that the lack of direction propriated can lead to eternal life in edge from scientific advancement reachlies principally in the failure of people the presence of God. ing into the hearts of every good man to have a true understanding of God

I have always felt impressed by an and his purposes. To get this it must

article which appeared in one of our come from the expressed will of God

Church publications some few years through a prophet, yes, a prophet here ago that told of a newspaper reporter today upon the earth as the oracle of who left New York to go to Nauvoo, God, and not from concepts of a musty

Illinois, in the year 1842, and after and deceptive antiquity, nor from a sospending considerable time there and called age of reason imposed upon us after meeting the Prophet Joseph Smith, because of scientific exploration.

he returned to New York to have pubHere, my brethren and sisters, is lished in the New York Herald in that reality. Honest and good men must

year this article concerning Joseph come to know this, must adjust to it,

Smith. I quote: welcome it, and meet it as a friend and

"Joseph Smith is undoubtedly one of know that it is God's will. And for

the greatest characters of the age. In this reason these young men that Presithe present infidel, irreligious, ideological dent Moyle spoke of, and others with

age of the world, some such singular them, go to the ends of the earth to prophet as Joseph Smith is required to proclaim this great message, that is for preserve the principles of faith and to the restoring of a knowledge and underplant some new germs of civilization standing of God and of the meaning and that will come to maturity in the years the purpose of life here upon the earth.

that are ahead, while modern philosoGod has spoken to us. Let us listen

phy which believes in nothing but what to his oracles and have unveiled to us you can touch is overspreading the and woman, but it is faith, leading to the realms of eternal life.

Atlantic States in America, Joseph Smith the testimony and spiritual conviction I cannot help saying a few words is creating a spiritual system combined of God that is needed, for God is truth about the powers of unjust dominion.

also with morals and industry that will and to know him is to know the truth. I have appreciated the remarks of

change the destiny of the race."(George Never, I suppose, have there been so Brother Mark E. Petersen concerning

Q. Cannon, Life of Joseph Smith, many brilliantly intellectual people this, but there is an evil force that is

p. 324.) upon the earth, judged by the known contemporary with the powers of rightJoseph Smith under the direction of facts of the sciences and of human eousness that will bring release and joy

God did establish this system; a system knowledge, and yet there is a tremendous to the individual, and we see the power

of divine truth made possible by divine lack of direction among mankind. Reof this unrighteous dominion as it is

bestowal from holy messengers and by cently, Eric Johnston made the statenow being brought to bear upon the revelations which provide guidance and ment that ninety percent of all the peoples of subjected countries. I have

direction, and this as revealed to Joseph scientists who ever lived are living witnessed it. I have looked into the

Smith is for the specific purpose, as today, and the total accumulation of faces of those who are being imposed referred to in the Doctrine and scientific knowledge is doubling every with this force.

Covenants, "... that every man might ten years, and yet there is a tremendous 'We had the experience in the organiDECEMBER 1961 943

zation of the Berlin Stake of placing in the rights of the people. sisters, to the power of the gospel of

the high council of that stake a man I shook hands with a brother from Jesus Christ in the lives of people, that who only a few weeks before had been East Berlin who had had an accident it brings release to them, that it brings with his wife in East Berlin. Upon a in his work, that is, I shook his left inward joy and peace, and I pray that

certain day he left East Berlin to go hand because he came to the Berlin the powers of righteousness will conto West Berlin to visit friends, leaving Stake conference with an amputation tinue in the earth that the great work his wife in their home. While he was of his right hand, and for this reason that is occurring in these ancient lands

visiting his friends, the barricade was and this reason alone, he and his wife of Europe and in lands all over the erected, and he was unable to return to and his two children were in West world, may continue, that righteous men his wife, and she unable to come to Berlin caring for this injury, as I shook and women by the thousands may listen him. Yet he accepted this calling and his hand he said, "I would gladly give to the call of the gospel and come in

responsibility and said he felt that in even the other hand, if that had been and be numbered among the children the wisdom of God, things would be necessary, to place my family and myself of our Heavenly Father, and I bear my righted. here under the protective custody of this testimony to you of the truth of this

But we see here the effects of the part of Berlin."message in the name of Jesus Christ.

unjust and unrighteous dominion upon I bear testimony, my brethren and Amen.

Saturday Afternoon Session, discovered people of Mulek united and abridgment, known as the Book of

September 30, 1961 dwelt together, and to them the Lord Mormon, says it was "Written to...

repeated his promise and warning. His the... Gentile—Written by way of

prophet, King Benjamin, uttered it from commandment... Written and sealed

[our has Lord] promised he '... forth you might not be come To destroyed—

if his"WHOM I LOVE athattower: up, and hid up unto the Lord, that they keep ye commandwould... in time the Gentile."due by way of

I ALSO CHASTEN"ments ye should prosper in the land; and Incidentally, may I add, the title page is

he never doth vary from that which he a part of the abridgment and not the

William J. Critchlow, Jr. hath said; therefore, if ye keep his comcomposition of Joseph Smith. (DHC

he doth bless and prosper 1:71.)Assistant to the Council of the Twelve mandments

2:22.) you."(Mosiah The great Prophet Moroni, son of

These promises and warnings to the Mormon, hid up the records, but beForty-two hundred years ago or therepeople of Jared, Lehi, and Mulek were fore doing so he added a terse warning for of directed benefit the the to and all directed his he specifically Amerithere arrived upon thisabout, own—and

in lived the those days of people who it records to those hands the into whose of people continent a companycan under the leadership of one Jared and prophets who gave them utterance; in would subsequently come. He called

his brother. They came out of the valother words, they were for local conthem Gentiles.

ley of Mesopotamia where the Tower of sumption. They were also engraved on "And this cometh unto you, O ye

Babel was under construction. Our metal plates, which the prophets preGentiles, that ye may know the decrees

for benefit of the rising generarepent, and not ye may in served initiated prospered them andLord of God—that

tions. Lord's prophet, our When until iniquities the Morcontinue in yourtheir migration, he and upon arrival,

"swore unto the brother of Jared, that mon, abridged those records about 324 fulness come, that ye may not bring whoso should possess this land of promAD, the great Jaredite nation, once down the fulness of the wrath of God ise, from that time henceforth and fornumerous, prosperous, and cultured, had upon you as the inhabitants of the land ever, should serve him, the true and become extinct. They failed to heed the have hitherto done."(Ether 2:11.)

only God, or they should be swept off warning and were "swept off when the Who are the gentiles of whom this when the fulness of his wrath should fulness of his wrath"came upon them prophet spoke? President Joseph Fieldcome upon them."(Ether 2:8.) (Ether 2:9); they had "ripened in ining Smith said: "... We are of the

Sixteen hundred years later, our Lord iquity."The great Nephite nation, at Gentiles! By this I mean that the Latterinitiated and prospered another mione time the more righteous of Lehi's day Saints have come to their blessings

gration of people to this continent. They descendants, had also "ripened in inthrough the Gentile nations. President

fled from Jerusalem to escape a Babyiquity"and had similarly become exBrigham Young... said that Joseph

lonian conquest. Upon arrival the Lord tinct. Our Lord again had kept his proSmith was a pure Ephraimite. This is

counseled them through his Prophet mise: "They shall be swept off when the true, yet Joseph came also of Gentile

Lehi, their leader, as follows: fulness of his wrath shall come upon lineage. So do most all members of the

"... Inasmuch as ye shall keep my them."(Idem.) Church."(The Way to Perfection, p.

commandments ye shall prosper in the In the destruction of these unright140.)

land; but inasmuch as ye will not keep eous people, our Lord preserved the reThe prophecies which I have quoted

my commandments ye shall be cut off cords containing his promises and warn- "written to the Lamanites...and also to

from my presence."(2 Nephi 1:20.) ings. He had them hid up, then 1,400 Jew and Gentile"—are repeated in

Four hundred years later, these people years later he had them brought forth greater or lesser detail thirtyeight times of Lehi discovered a colony of people to warn the inhabitants of this land in the Book of Mormon. Count them as

who had also fled from Jerusalem to esthat they also must keep his commandyou read it. One student did and came

cape the Babylonians, about 600 BC. ments, lest they be "swept off when the up with that total, thirtyeight. Surely,

Mulek, son of the Jewish King Zedefulness of his wrath... come upon they constitute one of the great messkiah, was a royal member of this fleeing them."Obviously, Mormon's abridgment ages of that book.

party. The people of Lehi and the newly was written to us. The title page of the Three times within the past year or

944 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA r "WJ V? ow the first way of Christmas is the Message we all love oft \H?

of the Babe born in Bethlehem of old The second o]pP way of Christmas is Music—carols, bells and the herald QCl0

angels'hymn of peace and joy The third way of Q/J X?

Christmas is People, real and fancied, who give meaning and warmth to the day - The fourth way of Christmas is Parties, 7/j 'V? The fifth 0 fun galore; goodies on the table and guests at the door

way of Christmas is Creativity with the whole family decking every- A'/& o Jo The sixth way of thing from the halls to hanging ornaments

Christmas is Customs and Traditions from the way the tree is lighted of Christmas is Gifts to the star we all envision The seventh way in gay array fc The eighth way of Christmas is Giving in a very ninth way of Christmas is Getting graciously special way The tenth 'o and giving thanks to all concerned enthusiastically The way of Christmas is the Stories that we tell—Dickens, Luke and N

of Clements Moore and new ones as well The eleventh way

Christmas is Poetry, remembered verses on the Christmas cards and o\ /O happy greetings called - The twelfth way of Christmas is the Spirit that we feel of joy and hope and confidence in Christ the Prince <2\/D of Peace.—By Elaine Cannon

ovo YoorbThe CANNON, ASSOCIATE EDITOR eRAD. HANKS, EDITORop ELAINEDECEMBER 1961 MARION

HERE MAY BE WAR BETWEEN YOUR COUNTRY AND MY COUNTRY. BETWEEN YOU

AND ME THERE WILL BE PEACE. Kagawa

it is said the greatest of all miracles was the change that occurred in the lives of those who were touched by Jesus. Think of Peter, and Paul, and Magdalene, and others—many—since. * * * Is it an

extension of that miracle?—or a greater miracle still?—that those who have been transformed by the

Master's hand can themselves transmit the marvelous gift to others? * * * There are wonderful thoughts

to think at Christmas, important feelings to experience, choice gifts to give in the name of Christ.

*The beggar***could be pitied, and permitted*#*his pitiful begging.*****-<*He had never walked; he had been

lame all his life. Every day he was carried to the temple gate where he could plead for alms from

those who entered the sacred building. * * * One day, soon after the death and resurrection of Jesus

and the glorious manifestation of the Spirit at Pentecost, Peter and John passed by the cripple on their way into the temple. He asked them for money. Peter looked at him with compassion and love,

and the man, seeing this, expected a generous gift. Peter said to him, "Look on us."* * * Then,

"Silver and gold have I none; but such as I have give I thee: in the name of Jesus Christ of Nazareth,

rise up and walk."* * * "Then he took him by the right hand, and lifted him up... * * * "And he,

leaping up stood, and walked, and entered with them into the temple, walking, and leaping, and praising God."

* * There are gifts we can give, through Jesus, and by the power he has given us, marvelous gifts of spiritual strength and sympathy and love. * * * And not the least of these is to

stretch forth our hand to our brother and lift him up. By Marion D. Hanks

s The second way ofs cbRiSTCDAS is coasic

hristmas means music! And masterpiece "THE MESSIAH"with its monumental

Christmas music has a thousand adoration of the "Lord of Lords"and "King of voices. Have you heard them? Kings!"* * * And there was the Christmas during

ave you joined those who make the war in warm, green Hawaii when singing

Christmas merrier, happier and holier by the old carols with Saints and servicemen brought magic of music? Christmas music is for singing, the spirit of home to us. And a contrasting one,

for playing and sometimes for meaningful, atyears later when I paused to drink in carols tentive listening. What are these voices of peeled from a carillon bell tower over a motionChristmas music? I remember some of them, less, snowcovered campus. I have nostalgic

do you? * * * | remember singing "Away in a memories, too, of friends and family gathered

Manger"with other children my age, on a Sunabout piano or fireplace singing the holy songs day School Christmas program, and in spite of on Christmas Eve.

the fright of being in front of the whole conhristmas music at any of these gregation, the words * * * "Asleep, Asleep, times, whether we sing, play or

Asleep, Asleep * * * Asleep, the Savior in a listen with attuned hearts, has the

stall; * * * Asleep, Asleep, Asleep, Asleep power to reach into our souls and

* * * Asleep, the Lord of All,"gave me one communicate in a very special way the wonder of my first vivid and permanent recognitions and truth of the birth of Jesus, who is our Savior.

of Jesus, as the Lord and Savior. Whenever I think of this power of Christmas

I recall caroling music to so touch us, I think perhaps our Heavwith fellow enly Father may have felt similarly, as he sent * members of unto humble shepherds on the first Christmas, a * our high school choir of angels, to touch them in the unique way a C a p p e 1 1 a that only music can, as the heavenly host an- * choir as we nounced in what must have been indescribable circulated beauty: * * * "Glory to God in the Highest, and

through town on Earth, peace, Goodwill to Men!"* * * Then

in a cold school as now, Christmas means music. Latterday

bus. This occaSaint young people will find new joy and meansion of participation gave a new lustre to Christing in Christmas as music becomes more a part

mas. What a Christmas joy to perform in the of this happy season for us all. * * *

college orchestra's recreation of Handel's mighty By Crawford Gates

J, m i -> p\4 s "s<o (7 V KildbK

The third way of bmsTroAS is peopLe The old and the young, the real and the fancied, those yet with us and those who have gone. * * * The people of

Christmas are much the same throughout all ages...

Youthful carolers bringing joyful Christmas A glorious heavenly choir announcing music to the aged and infirm in their wondrous news to startled shepherds in hospital beds... and... the fields.

A weary delivery boy hurrying home after Anxious shepherds hastening after a brilwork on Christmas Eve to meet with friends liant star, fearful of missing the wonderand family... and... ful Child whose birth they have so long

awaited.

yi\

An excited youth ohso-carefully putting Solemn wise men bringing their rare the final touches on a sweater knit for and costly gifts to the newly born Prince

Mom or bookends made especially for of Peace.

Dad's office... or...

Mom and Dad, after wrapping packages Joseph and Mary by the side of a manger, late Christmas Eve, looking in on their humbled and grateful for the incomparable sleeping family and then kneeling toblessing God has brought into their lives.

gether to thank God for such wonderful children...

Tiny Tim, high on the shoulder of Bob The remarkable infant Jesus, wrapped in

Crotchet, wishing to all the world, "God swaddling clothes and lying in a manger.

Bless Us, every one!"... and...

i

People indeed are Christmas. Without them the

holiday would be empty and soon forgotten.

By Fielding Nelson i PARTIESPit'sThe mistletoefourth waytime ofagainChristmasand justisto make and sing as you go with appetizer,essalad, sure you don't wake up some morning and main course, dessert, and dancing enjoyed find that Santa has come and gone and at different homes. Host at each stop

you've done nothing about the celebration, should provide some kind of special entermake some plans to have more fun than tainment. Might be records—a new Christyou can stuff a stocking with. mas one, or perhaps a stirring spiritual

rome trim the tree. Invite friends message from a modern apostle. Could be

to a treetriming party with each a poetic (but humorous) toast to each one playing Santa by hanging guest. Or perhaps a "white elephant"exhis share of tinsel and bright ornaments change at another home or a recital of

on the tree. Have the bare tree standing who was spending Christmas where five

when guests arrive and trimmings ready years ago.

to be dusted (by girls) and strung up (by 'he more the merrier. What's

boys). When the boughs are laden, bring more fun than all outdoors?

out box lunches disguised as yule packages Why a winter picnic, of course.

and loaded with turkey sandwiches, baked An armload of firewood, plus this and that beans, fruitcake, and a fat gingerbread for outdoor cookery can turn an afternoon man as a bottomof-thebox surprise. Eat of iceskating or tobogganing into a winter

and sing by firelight and tree light, and picnic. Take along a transistor radio for

the nostalgia of Christmas will fill the skating to music and a broom to dust off room. -*** Progressive Party. Everyone's country ice. When the athletics are over,

home is at its best at Christmas. Why not build a fire for roasting kabobs or hot

share the beauty and gaiety of several on dogs, marshmallows, and apples. ****

party night during the holidays? Walk by Monroe and Shirley Paxman

The fifth way of IS CRGATINC a personal touch to the gifts you give.cbmSTCOAS> AKE your own Christmas cards. Use ideas I'VE last cards, year's for gloves decorative the on up somebeading or dream TflSew

fill all Stencil,mm '/fromthing print, For school your own. chums, shamhand empty Mom.

or take them to a printer. Draw, paint, or go poo bottles with pink bubble bath, paint and

to work with glue, felt, buttons, rhinestones, jewel the lids. Initial the bottles, or if you're

and sequins. Fashion lace and net into quaint artistic, paint flowers. Package the cookies

Christmas trees, little houses, or elves. Miniayou baked for Grandma in a box as gay as

ture candy canes make a card good enough the cookies. Glue pine cones and nuts on the

to eat. lid, spray gold, and while still wet, sprinkle

on some glitter.

TELP younger ones make Christmas REATE your family's door piece.

I tree decorations. Pin velvet ribbon Wreaths of Oregon Grape, gold

and jewels almost solid on large sprayed, resemble holly. A basket

"styrofoam balls. Cut an oval from or a toy trumpet, a St. Nicholas hat or

a blown egg shell... make a scene huge candle holder are festive holders

inside... paint and jewel and hang on for less formal green arrangements. Tie

the tree. String popcorn already dipped the entire door with red florists ribbon

in pink syrup. Make imaginative Christand spear the bow with paper candymas stockings for every member of the cane. * * *

family... felt or flannel... with

names on each. And don't miss the fun

of an oldfashioned gingerbread house loaded with candies and dripping with thick icing. by Carolyn Nelson

Know what traditions are? Webster says

"The handing down of customs from one gen- k: erationLet's handto someanother."Christmas* * customs* Soundsdowngreat!to

our coming generation. * * * For instance...

why do we use candles at Christmas time?

They signify that Christ is the light of the world. Gather the family together and make

candles. Just melt wax and pour in fancy bottles. Insert a heavy string wick while still soft.

How about Christmas greenery? It's used at

Yuletide, to symbolize enduring life. Make

TRADITIONS wreathes by securing evergreens to wire frames. Add a red bow and hang on your

front door or above the mantle. * * * The

Christmas feast signifies plenty throughout the coming year. Learn Mom's favorite plumb

pudding recipe while helping her with the holiday cooking. * * * Let's take Carols...

a custom since the 14th century. Strictly ancient, but still heartwarming. Gather friends

and go caroling around the neighborhood.

These traditions passed on, may be the beginning of a real "Peace on Earth."* * * by

Ihirley Thulin The seventh way of Christmas is

Let friendship and the sheer pleasure of giving be your guides to gift selection this season. Have fun with gifts by beingGIFTScreative in your thinking and planning. Remember, a gift made by you is

twice as special at Christmas. Try making many of them. Prowl the novelty

shops for the rest. You'll come up triumphant with memorable tokens at a price

you can properly afford. Stuffed toys... A calico giraffe on the bed

is worth two in the zoo to tots and teens alike. Tile tricks... Stain

oversize wood blocks and decorate them with mosaic tile for a pair of handsome bookends. Find an unusual stone or marble chip and mount it on

a tile square for a paper weight. A flower pot or tumbler decorated with

mosaic designs and filled with pencils is a helpful desk accessory for student friends. Pinup props... Create gay places for programs, clippings,

souvenirs, snapshots. Try fishnet draped over driftwood... a square of dark

cork with "Merry Christmas"spelled out in colored tacks... a mobile from

wire hangers sprayed and tied with colorful yarn ribbons. Pretty and

practical... sweater boxes or bags, pin jars, curler carriers, golf club mits,

record holders and food treats filling a basket for later use as a dressertop catch all are nice to have, fun to make from odds and ends about the house.

:ci pis: civiNc ccttinc

The eighth way of Christmas is

It wouldn't be Christmas Without the giving

of gifts and all the wondering and planning and G1V1NQ / writing of lists and the making and fixing and shopping and hiding of packages

that are part of the holiday preparations. It wouldn't be Christmas

Without the wrapping and writing, the trimming and tying, usually in hushed secrecy behind closed doors while we savor the delight we hope our gifts will bring. It wouldn't be Christmas If we didn't sacrifice a little

and go without some longedfor thing in order to have something more to give.

And yet, if for the sake of show or to keep up with, or outdo some one

else, you give more than you can well afford, or if you give from any motive

less than love and friendship, your giving becomes a burden, not a pleasure,

and is a mockery of the true spirit of Christmas. The justright gift must

be sincerely given for as Shakespeare wrote in Hamlet, "To the noble mind, rich gifts wax poor when givers prove unkind."* It wouldn't be Christmas

If we didn't add to our list each year, the names of some from whom we expect no gift in return, toward whom we feel no debt nor duty, to whom we give

merely because of our great need to share and our overflowing gratitude for the wondrous gifts of life and love. And the justright gift may not even

be a tangible thing that can be put in a box or dressed with tissue and tinsel.

Often the most perfect gift is some kind and helpful act, some thoughtful word,

something so small and yet so large as an encouraging smile. The gift of what

ever kind is but the messenger chosen to carry the assurance, "Someone cares

very much for you."*

I

The ninth way of Christmas is '* wouldn't be Christmas Without the expectancy, the tantaliz-f*'T I "I T"* feeling, the counting of the days. Some peopleVJx I I! IVJing hardto-wait

think we start too early, work too hard, prepare too much for Christmas, and no doubt we sometimes do, but surely the mounting anticipation is a meaningful part of this joyful season.

It wouldn't be Christmas—Without the excitement of the long awaited moment when the gifts are

given and the wrappings all come off. (—and oh, how blessed it is to receive them, one and

all, large or small with a warm and understanding heart.)

or even at Christmas sad to say, a few hurts and heart aches are scattered without intent. It dims the day if those who gave us gifts see that their selections failed to please.

We wouldn't say these words, of course, but thoughts might show. "It's nice but—(not my

color, style or choice) I must exchange it. ""It's freakish, but I'll find some use for it—

hope!'"It's less than I gave him. I think he's mean.""It's more than I expected; I'm

embarrassed, I must figure out some way to pay her back For some it's harder to receive than give. It may be because they place too great a value on independence. Or perhaps they haven't

yet learned the happy art of gracious acceptance; of appreciating the giving and the giver, with

the gift; of playacting, if necessary, to avoid spoiling the moment; of showing their enjoyment

through the use made of the thing received; of expressing thanks not just formally and once as

a duty to be done with, but remembering again and often to express the continuing gratitude rhey feel. | eceiving crowns the giving, and the lustre of the finest gift is tarnished if received in a spirit that casts a shadow on the generosity of the giver. The value of the humblest gift

is enhanced if received with unfeigned happiness and thanks. Truly, it wouldn't be Christmas Without the gifts and the giving, for these symbolize our Savior's priceless gift to

js. And the justright gift may be large or small, an object or an act, but must be given in

love and received with joy. by Angelyn Wadley

v- x., x-—-> 5""P g-g-S w fi ffiftf ThrifF-T rAu O O! oO"??7?--ia '-iT-r?-tr OOOoo tJPQoOd)#!p f ftoooQOQOoOo">OOOOOQOQOO"t

The tenth way of Christmas is the Stories that we tel o Ooo V

>oo<

i! 1 8F t':-.i STOL> ':'"caiT"**. AN OqSTR IN qOUR *.

> Thebig Christmasred and greentree bylightsthe aroundfire tinkledthe rinkwithcasta hundredcolored tinyspectrabells.onHowthe goodice andthingsthe

if only Spence could feel the spirit as she did and loosen up. But rf.V W.9 could be—

there they were edging their way along next to the guard rail, Spence's arm boardstraight around her waist. If only he'd pull her close enough so that she'd

s feel they were at least on the same ice together! f f Oh, why did she have

it was amazing enough just to be out *.o to fall for a bashful one? But then,

with him, this cool Spence who dated about once every six months, while half the w girls in school wondered why their wiles weren't working. She'd nearly panicked

when he'd called her. And he wouldn't have then if it hadn't been for his friends.

They'd put together this Christmas skating thing and had practically dialed the

V*lA] number for him to get a date. Now they were here, he was acting embarrassed

and awkward because he wasn't the world's greatest skater. He was everything

-fc else that counted! How could she tell him that she thought he was great—that

she couldn't care less that others could skate and he couldn't? They edged toward

the rail again, Spence miles away in arm and mind. The whole night was going

to be horrible. If Then Judy remembered. Tomorrow was Christmas Eve. There

was the family party, for special guests only. And there was no one as special

as Spence. Why not ask him? Of course, he'd never really asked her out before—

but then he never asked anyone else either. She'd seen him drive past her house

a time or two and he did stop and talk to her in the halls. Well, why not ask

him? What could she lose? Things couldn't be more grim even if he said no.

If "Uh, Spence,"she started, "my family... well, every Christmas Eve we

have... I mean, well, there's this party. Everybody—my mother's family, aunts,

S--01 all have an oyster stew."If If Spence looked '*T uncles, cousins, dates... we

at her from way up there in his sixfoot-four world and she felt all tightw*-** '>F down inside. She knew he'd never come—it would scare him to death. But she was in

it now and blurted, "I know you might think oyster stew sounds pretty awful, but it isn't really. I mean none of those jiggling grey things. Mother fries them

first and they're kind of brown and juicy. The boys fix a cheese board—all kinds

of crazy cheeses kids play; sing carols; and a the little put on crackers—and we all * *% /'< / / X

/ * * '* well, #/'and like to anyhow, i\ //V,* * Spence's come."if you'd eyes I wondered brown #y*. /x

/ // her blue ones, /#; met of different. smiled, "r i./iw he kind he looked and Suddenly and * //'..;/..'/ t

it1 \FJT* * his eyes danced, party, family to your want f"You mean you me to come f to Judy?"him could stew come! even without your "You Want / have "\ // f / f f f V *>v > x/.y/.:i.":'. / / * * oysters,"she oysters,"* "I've tasted promised. grinned, "but famhe never '."': 'my / /'/ f

'''/''* *"/ t iiv.—/i1 y//"sx this sort real of thing of ily does Fourth bake. July—a clam same the on And

/ - if // a- I can down a clam, boy, bring on the oysters!"He paused a moment and then ///'::/: 3

added, "Besides, the company Suddenly he tightened his arm and * '.>. j confidently. her heart with guided to the circle Judy's back the swelled of skaters,helps!"W

',-.':< '/t\**.'iiI /) H *.

: *,2.---V.''.*.*y,'-}\'{/:* 3 of carols tree, the lights, the loud-... the Christmas fire, the misty aura on the A1;

.,,'* \'l

all, to inthis the speaker, Spence. * Christmas Merry crisp air—and 7.*.** new smiling J

. nice to nestled shoulder Spence's *"*j **"deed! She under and thought, be an "How

."* 'K/ v.T:*-..:—35f3. *.::.-.v.*l.*"* * f j T "'m"Cs\.\iyjO oyster in your stew!"f by Emma Lou W. Thayne * "*"y?.

yx*.-'rCi:

(mmm oo|(oo oojjoo (js||s'*2|sr

"i, ))i The eleventh way of Christmas is Poetry >m iimtf r n>\ S % wasandthe ournightfreshmanbefore Christmas"mouse"

Had searched every corner w and nook in the house.

But she strictly avoided thus s failed to look into

The ironing basket and places akin to.

&Y>v Yule chimes from the hi fi, pine scent from the tree:o. Were touches of Christmas our

teen failed to see

As she glanced in the mirror, checked her "ratted"hair

While visions of boy friends danced 'round through the air.

Now I in my muu muu and dad in his clods

Had just braced ourselves for the coming of "rods,"drive, such a clatter there the arose out in LO/ When Wk *.: O platter.) sliced turkey hid cold the (We hastily

Away to the window we flew like a flash,

Tore open the shutters (They cost us some cash!)

When what to our wondering eyes should appear &\ But a miniature sports car, loaded way up to here.

Out passengers tumbled from left and from right.

w WeTeenscountedshoutedtheandnumber,pointedtheat moonour housewas soandbright.said,

"Well, now that WE'RE here, things won't look so dead!"

More rapid than rockets on us they descended o] o; (We knew that the peace of the evening had ended.)

They ran through the house; they opened each door;

While parkas were dropped on a chair or the floor.

The girls were excited... "We're so glad you came,

We'll just have a ball,"then they called each by name.

Pink cheeks and bright eyes... these youngsters were

jolly.

We brought out the turkey, for we knew 'twould be folly

To think we could serve on the morrow the platter

When now was the time that food really did matter.

We brought out the trimmings and all of the fixin's.

They went right to work like Donders and Vixens.

Their voices they softened when once they'd been fed,

And they gave us to know we had nothing to dread.

They played some jazz records, and we heard the beat

And prancing and dancing of all of their feet.

Then a log on the fire, a strum on guitar *rt They sang of far lands and the first Christmas star.

They sang, and their voices rang out loud and clear.

We were glad they had come. They were pleasant to

'VV hear.

They sang as they finished the last Christmas food.

Jfo They sang as they donned their coats... still in the

mood.

They sang, and they shouted as they drove out of sight, "Merry Christmas to all and to all a good night."

By Helen Brandley Wiscomb (and others) coecnoRjes: TheirI heardoldthefamiliarbells oncarolsChristmasplay, day

And wild and sweet The words repeat, IbeARO OfI thought"Peace how,on earth,as thegoodday willhad tocome,men!"

The belfries of all Christendom

Had rolled along The The unbroken song,

Of "Peace on earth, good will to men!'Bells on And in despair I bowed my head;

"There is no peace on earth,"I said,cbRismoAS "For hate is strong

And mocks the song JJU V-V..JH y

Of peace on earth, good will to men!"DAY

IT 1 J U I * J hen pealed the bells more loud and deep:

"God is not dead; nor doth he sleep!

The wrong shall fail, The right prevail With peace on earth, good will to men!"

Till ringing, singing on its way,

The world revolved from night to day,

A voice, a chime, A chant sublime, Of "Peace on earth, good will to men!"

by Henry Wadsworth Longfellow so, I visited in stakes where I found the "... while sixtenths or threefourths In the great holocaust to come, the

memberships fasting and praying for of this people will keep the commandearth will again be cleansed of wickedmoisture. And three times before I ments of God, the curse and judgments ness as it was in the days of Noah, and

left those stakes I saw their prayers of the Almighty will never come upon God may spare again a righteous people, answered. I must tell you about one of them, though we will have the trials of "if sixtenths or threefourths of this

those visits. various kinds, and the elements to conpeople will keep the commandments

I found the members fasting with tend with."(JD 10:335-6.) of God."

special prayers—Saturday noon until We live in a wicked world like unto What are the commandments GodSunday noon—for much needed storms. Babylon of old. Our latterday prophets, would have us keep? Three serve the

Arising Sunday morning, after our like the prophets of old, have cried, subject of my theme. He has instructed

Saturday prayers, we were cheered by a "Come out, come out of Babylon."us:

beautiful light covering of snow. It To come out physically presents a prob- 1. to attend stake conference.

continued to snow throughout the lem, but spiritually it is possible, and 2. to attend Sacrament meetings.

morning. When we recessed for lunch, spiritually we must come out if we 3. the priesthood bearers to attend

the lawns around the meeting place are to prosper in the land. their priesthood meetings.

were brilliant; several inches of heavy In the process of abridging the Nephwet snow blanketed them. Departing in ite records, the great Prophet Mormon

the late afternoon, I said to the stake paused to meditate on our Lord's minpresident: "Our prayers are answered."istry of nearly 1,000 years over the early

"Yes,"he replied, "hut Elder Critchinhabitants of this continent, and he low, we need so much more!"expressed his reflections in an "edi-

"How much more do you deserve?"torial"which he inserted in his abridg-

I asked. My reply puzzled him—his PINE ON THE CREST ment. He wrote:

silence invited me to explain: "And thus we can behold how false,

"At noon,"I began, "when we reBY ETHEL JACOBSON and also the unsteadiness of the hearts cessed the conference, nearly all of the of the children of men; yea, we can see

congregation departed for their homes, that the Lord in his great infinite goodwhere 1 suppose they broke their fast. Stubbornly the ancient pine ness doth bless and prosper those who

failed to returnMany to the afternoon trust in their him. put a tousled Lifts head

of the storm. Well, see at the very time "Yea,session—because and we may the mountain's it Above I have been afterbecausemay the was his yea, people, prosper doth he craggy spine when

noon speaker. Nevertheless, they should Where ageless snows are spread. in the increase of their fields, their

have returned. I'm sure the storm didn't flocks and their herds, and in gold, anddampen their spirits—it must have lifted in silver, and in all manner of preciousthem—their prayers were answered."Crumbling granite feeds the root things of every kind and art; sparing

The stake president was disappointed Thirsting, thrusting down. their lives, and delivering them out of

Iwith the attendance. think Heavenly

Father was, think too, and I he cut his Rowdy gales cavort and hoot, heartsthe handsof theirof theirenemiesenemies;thatsofteningthey shouldtheblessing short—at least the storm clouds Tonsuring its crown. not declare wars against them; yea,

rolled on and away and a bright, hot and in fine, doing all things for the afternoon quickly erased sun of most the his of people; welfare happiness and scarred swift, bright Yet scimitars by his blessing. ofevidence gave he Maybe that they time is the do harden yea, then

theythem all deserved. sleet, fifteen clings the "Only pine Of tight, their forget the hearts, do Lord and

percent of your stake membership reTo rear against tomorrow's stars their God, and do trample under their turned to the afternoon meeting,"this beand One—yea,said, "and I have noted in your re- I A Jewel Tree of white. feetcausetheof theirHolyease, exceedingly and their

ports"—onlythat: % of your members are great"Andprosperity.thus we see that except the Lord

on"—onlythe tithing records.% of your members atdothafflictions,chastenyea,hisexceptpeoplehewithdoth manyvisit

tend"—onlySacrament %meetings.of your men attend withthem faminewith deathand andwithwithall mannerterror, andof

priesthood"—only meetings.% of your boys attend We come out spiritually when we pestilence,(Helaman they12:1-3.)will not remember him."

their"—onlymeetings. % of your girls attend Wepay comehonestlyout ourspirituallytithes andwhenofferings.we attheGodthingslovesweus.do.He doesn't always love

their"—only.meetings. % of your sisters attend tendour priesthood,to our priesthoodSacrament,duties andand attendstake chasten:"As many..."as(Rev.I love,3:19.)I rebuke and

Relief"—onlySociety meetings.% of your boys and ofconferencethe Churchmeetings.have beenThesecommandedthe membersto whom"Verily,I love,thus andsaithwhomthe LordI loveuntoI alsoyou

girls"—onlyare married %in oftheyourtemple.members reattend.Once in the dim, distant past, our chastenfor withthatchastisementtheir sins mayI preparebe forgiven,a way

ceive ward teaching visits. Father's children turned from him. Has for their deliverance in all things...."

So much for blanks and percentages. it been so long that we have forgotten (D&C 95:1.)

These are enough. For obvious reasons how, at that time, he cleansed the earth Perhaps, the elements may be a

I left the percentages blank; no need to of wickedness with a flood? Has it been little kindlier next year if we remember

herald our failings to the world; no need so long that we have forgotten the him.

to herald one stake's failings to another; warning: "And as it was in the days of Perhaps we'll be a little more deeach has its own. Let each insert its own Noe, so shall it be also in the days of serving next year if we remember him.

percentages, they will differ only in dethe Son of man"? (Luke 17:26.) Have I so hope. I so pray. I leave you my

gree. The failings are a common fault. we forgotten how God spared a city of testimony: God lives and loves us. He

Brigham Young had something to say righteous people, Enoch's people by answers prayers, in the name of Jesus about percentages: translating them before the flood? Christ. Amen.

DECEMBER 1961 945 I suppose that most people have a of his Saints through the calamities tendency to interpret their own experwhich he foresaw and foretold. Nephi,

iences and world affairs in the light of speaking of our days, said:

certain standards which have become "For the time soon cometh that the fixed in their thinking. The fact that fulness of the wrath of God shall be

SEEK THE SPIRIT thepeopleLordduringAlmightythese willlattertakedayscareof ofstresshis pouredmen; foroutheuponwill allnot thesufferchildrenthat theof

and trial became fixed in my mind wicked shall destroy the righteous.

Marion G. Romney very early. "Wherefore, he will preserve the

of the Council of the Twelve As a child I lived in a land torn righteous by his power, even if it so be by a devastating revolution. As the that the fulness of his wrath must come,

My brothers and sisters, I welcome contendingback and forthforcesthroughpursuedthe eachcountry,otherI andunto thethe destructionrighteous beof theirpreserved,enemiesevenby wholeheartedly into the councils of the became greatly disturbed and agitated. fire. Wherefore, the righteous need not

Church the brethren who have been Well do I remember when word came fear; for thus saith the prophet, they

called to service this day. With equal that the rebels were marching on Chishall be saved, even if it so be as by

feeling, I express my appreciation for huahua City from Ciudad Juarez to the fire."(1 Nephi 22:1617.)

the services of those who are retiring. north and that the Federals were marchWhen the Lord gave by revelation

I would like to say a further word or ing on the same city from Torreon on the preface to the Doctrine and Covetwo to Brother Buehner and Bishop the south. My distress turned to fright nants, he said that he was willing to

Wirthlin. I first came to know Brother—in fact, to terror—when they met at make the things he had revealed known

Buehner in the early days of the welfare Casas Grandes, just ten miles away, and unto all flesh;

program. He was then president of the shooting began. Some of our more "For I am no respecter of persons, and

Granite Stake. He rose immediately adventuresome young men climbed to will that all men shall know that the

to meet the challenges of that program. the top of the Montezuma Mountain day speedily cometh; the hour is not

While some others were dragging their where, through field glasses, they could yet, but is nigh at hand, when peace feet, he did a tremendous work in it, watch the fighting. shall be taken from the earth, and the

and he has been carrying on ever since. Through those stirring and neverdevil shall have power over his own

He knows how we love him. forgotten childhood experiences it was dominion.

More than thirtyfive years ago, Bishdifficult for me to understand this doc- "And also the Lord shall have power op Wirthlin and I served together in a trine of peace in one's heart while there over his saints, and shall reign in their seventies quorum. We loved him then. was war in the land. But even then, midst, and shall come down in judgment

We loved him later when he became my fears were tempered somewhat as I upon Idumea, or the world."(D&C

bishop of the ward in which we lived. saw and listened to my sainted mother 1:3436.)

Our love increased when he became lull her babies to sleep. The words of Jesus himself previewed our times

president of Bonneville Stake. I apolothe songs she sang comforted me. Some and the days to follow. As he stood begize for the bad time I gave him while of them have been ringing in my mind fore his disciples on the Mount of Olives,

I was a bishop, and he was president through all the years of the intervening they asked him concerning the destrucof stake. the loved him when his of We signs of Jerusalem and the he half century—these, for example, from tion

into Bishopric, Presiding thecame and told he Replying, coming. them second

we still do. Joseph, we love you now "Guide Us, O Thou Great Jehovah": that this people (the generation among

the earth begins to did. ever Lord loves "Whenmore than The we lived) shall be destroyed and he tremble, whom

still; fearful Bid our thoughts beyou. his peace you. be with May all scattered nations.... among

While President McKay was talking When thy judgments spread destruc- "But they shall be gathered again;

yesterday, these lines, written by Wiltion, but they shall remain until the times of liam Cowper, came to mind. In them Keep us safe on Zion's hill."the Gentiles be fulfilled.

I of shall heard in be that day "And have substituted "faithful"for And these from Parley P. Pratt:

"fearful": of wars, the whole wars rumors and and

"Come, O thou King of kings! earth shall be in commotion, and men's

"Ye 'faithful'Saints, fresh courage We've waited long for thee, hearts shall fail them,...

take; With healing in thy wings "And the love of men shall wax cold,

The clouds ye so much dread To set thy people free; and iniquity shall abound.

Are big with mercy and shall break of Gentiles the times the "And when to sin end "Come, an make In blessings your head. on light forth shall break in, a come fire."is cleanse earth the And by

sit in darkness, that and among them will "His purposes of fulness the shall be my gospel; ripen fast, And from W. W. Phelps: it

every hour; Unfolding it receive not; for they they "But

The bud may have a bitter taste, "In faith we'll rely on the arm of perceive not the light, and they turn

But sweet will be the flower."Jehovah their hearts from me because of the

To guide through these last days of precepts of men.

spoke, Since thinking trouble I have been he gloom; and

in that shall the generation "And of great the challengeabout peace the and And after Gentiles scourges and harvest are times of the be fulfilled. at over, President the gave ushope which

the close of his opening address. It is We'll rise with the just when the "And there shall be men standing in

my opinion that the Latterday Saints, Savior doth come."that generation, that shall not pass unbecause of the knowledge they have til they shall see an overflowing scourge;

received in the revelations, are better As the years passed and I became acfor a desolating sickness shall cover the prepared to meet the perplexities of our quainted a little with the scriptures, I land.

times than any other people. We know learned that the brethren who had "But my disciples shall stand in holy

more about the difficulties which are written these beautiful lines of hope places, and shall not he moved; but

coming, and we have the key to their and courage had learned from the reveamong the wicked, men shall lift up solution. lations that the Lord would take care their voices and curse God and die.

946 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

"And there shall be earthquakes also not be hewn down and cast into the Every one of us who are members of in divers places, and many desolations; fire, but shall abide the day. the Church has had hands laid upon our

yet men will harden their hearts against "The earth shall be given unto heads, and we have been given, as far as me, and they will take up the sword, one them for an inheritance."This earth ordinance can give it, the gift of the

against another, and they will kill one isn't going to be inherited by our eneHoly Ghost. But, as I remember, when

another."(Ibid., 45:2533; Italics mies. I was confirmed, the Holy Ghost was

added.) "The earth shall be given unto them not directed to come to me; I was di-

I am convinced that if we have the [who have 'taken the Holy Spirit for rected to "Receive the Holy Ghost."

peace in our hearts the brethren have their guide, and have not been deIf I receive the Holy Ghost and follow been talking about, we must learn how ceived'] for an inheritance; and they his guidance, I will be among those who

to preserve it in our hearts in the midst shall multiply and wax strong, and their are protected and carried through these of trouble and trial. I know that if we children shall grow up without sin unto troubled times. And so will you, and

lived the gospel, we would not have salvation. so will every other soul who lives under

war. We would have peace if enough "For the Lord shall be in their midst, his direction.

people lived the gospel, but for my single and his glory shall be upon them, and Now, my brothers and sisters, we need self I do not expect them to do so. I do he will be their king and their lawto seek that Spirit. We need to realize

not expect enough people to repent to giver."(Ibid., 45:5859.) that it is a real guide. The Lord has

spare the world from serious trouble, Now I think the Savior was talking given us several tests by which we may and I think the scriptures sustain this about the Holy Ghost when he said, know when we have that Spirit.

conclusion. But I return to the Savior's "those who have taken the Holy Spirit By revelation through the Prophet

words. When he had made the above for their guide."(Idem.) The Holy Joseph, the Lord revealed to Oliver

quoted statement to his disciples, he Cowdery a very simple test. Oliver was

saw that they were troubled, and he complaining because the Lord had withsaid to them: drawn from him the gift to translate

"... Be not troubled, for, when all the Book of Mormon records. The Lord

these things shall come to pass, ye may said to him:

know that the promises which have been "Do not murmur, my son, for it is made unto you shall be fulfilled.... wisdom in me that I have dealt with

"And it shall come to pass that he you after this manner.

that feareth me shall be looking forth "Behold, you have not understood;

for the great day of the Lord to come, you have supposed that I would give even for the signs of the coming of the it unto you, when you took no thought

Son of Man. save it was to ask me.

"And they shall see signs and wonders, "But, behold, I say unto you, that for they shall be shown forth in heavens you must study it out in your mind; then

above, and in the earth beneath. you must ask me if it be right, and if

"And they shall behold blood, and it is right I will cause that your bosom fire, and vapors of smoke. shall burn within you; therefore, you

"And before the day of the Lord shall shall feel that it is right.

come, the sun shall be darkened, and "But if it be not right you shall have the moon be turned into blood, and the no such feelings, but you shall have a stars fall from heaven. stupor of thought...."(D&C 9:6-9.)

shall the gathered be remnant "And

I tell that can you you Now, make this placeunto [Jerusalem] if life in decision correctly your every for shall look they then me, "And learn to the follow guidance of can you

I shalland, will behold, they come; and

if Spirit. the can This Holy you do

see in of the clothed clouds heaven, me discipline will yield yourself to your you all glory; greatwith and power with

feelings of to the promptings the own is spirit truth. of Ghost the have angels;the that holy To he watches and

Spirit. prayeryour Study problems and."... it Spirit the of as speaks for us with off Holy he shall cutnot be me fully decision. take that a make Then I is here, said I as key. have and the here what now And

in to decision say a him, simple, and it is think to revebe guided means, by I at shall that day, "And come when I supplication, honest "Father, to want I lation heaven. that such from know in glory, shall fulthe parable be my I right decision. the to make do want had. guidance can be I filled spake the concerning ten which is I right thing. the This think what the Prophet Joseph Smith Whenvirgins. it is if I let do; should the know me it to believe went was Washington—I they that "For are this, right wise course."have and get can Doing you in Elias Higbee, he had 1839—withreceived truth, if the in the taken burning have the your and debosom, your of conferences the statesmen with many

is Spirit for If right. guide, their cisionHoly and have get not the you do also. politicians of the many there—and... shall deceivednot been decision burning, not then be your change hewn and the President conferences with had He

fire, cast shall into the one. and learn but submitdown to a you new When of States. the of United In one them abide (Ibid., day."the Spirit, 3944, 45:35, the to never walk by you need asked: Mr. Buren Van5657.) I it is mistake. a to make what know ".. relidiffered in our wherein we

I this witness. burning also have know are that received wise have "They and of gion religions day. the other the.from

that there are other manifestations of the truth, Spirit the taken and have Holy differed said Brother Joseph in mode we

Spirit. the guidance by their guide, been have for not and gift deof of the baptism, the and Holy

ceived."I think we are not safe beGhost by the laying on of hands. We I know, for example, what Enos was

cause we say we intend to do what's considered that all other considerations talking about when he said, "... the

right. I think the people who are were contained in the gift of the Holy voice of the Lord came into my mind

safe are those who have taken the Holy Ghost...."(History of the Church, again,..."He did not say it came

Spirit for their guide and have not been vol. IV, p. 42.) into his ear, but that it "came into my

deceived. These are they who shall Now, we have the Holy Ghost. mind again, saying:..."He had been

DECEMBER 1961 947 asking the Lord to bless his brethren, nothing mysterious about it to people have night and morning. I grew up in a

the Nephites, as everyone who gets the who learn to be guided by the Spirit. home where we had family prayers every

Spirit asks the Lord to bless his brethren The voice of the Lord has come into my night and morning. A good time to

and his fellow men. "... the voice of mind, in sentences, in answer to prayer. have the morning family prayer is just

the Lord came into my mind again, Now I know, brothers and sisters, that before the morning meal. And a good

is just beforesaying:"—and what the voice said is we can be guided by the Spirit. I time for the evening prayermost important—"I will visit thy brethcounsel you to seek more diligently the evening meal. That is the way it

ren according to their diligence in keepthrough earnest prayer the guidance of was done in my father's home.

ing my commandments."(See Enos 10.) the Spirit. Learn to live your lives by In my wife's father's home prayer

I must terminate these remarks. But I the guidance of the Spirit. was had just before the morning meal

know what that voice is like, be- I think every Latterday Saint ought and just before the family went to bed.

cause I have had it come into my mind to go on his knees night and morning When my wife and I were married, we and give me names when I have had in secret prayer. This is in addition to decided that I would make all the

to select stake presidents. There is family prayer, which we should also major decisions and she would make all

I would also like to say that Bishop normally permit. I have said to my

Carl W. Buehner has been a great boys, "If there is any work that has to

strength to both Bishop Wirthlin and be left undone, it must not be the work of the Bishopric. Church."Presiding me in theALLEGIANCE TO to

I President Yesterday am McKay whenTHE CHURCH called us to his office and told us of our the wardsso andgratefulstakesto whoyou brethrenhave madein release from the Presiding Bishopric, us feel so good when we have come to

Thorpe B. Isaacson he asked us how we felt. I am sure he you. I have witnessed the blessings of

I change. seen the all Lord, have felt right men and about it, that we Assistant to the Council of the Twelve detected

I is it it. for to change. all feel right what men about did I know because we

This morning when you voted to give plead with all the senior members of

President McKay, President Moyle, Presus a vote of thanks as you released us, the Aaronic Priesthood whom I love very ident Brown, President Smith, my I am sure that our hands went higher deeply. I have seen many of them

beloved brethren of the General Authorthan any others in the building. I conchange, because when you once catch

ities, brothers and sisters: I had prepared fess, President McKay, that I leaned the Spirit that Elder Marion G. Romney

a talk that I thought would be fitting on over to Bishop Wirthlin and said, "That has been talking about, you are bound the subject of fasting, fast offerings, and is the greatest relief I have had in fifteen to change, and you will always change fast day, but I feel today that it would years."Then in about two minutes and for the better. I know what the Spirit

not be appropriate. I would therefore forty seconds, when the names of the of the Lord is, and I know what it is

like to save this subject for another time. General Authorities were read, I nearly not to have it. With all my heart, I

I think there are times which come in stood up to ask whether they were being plead with you leaders to take good care every man's life when he feels that he read from the wrong sheet. When I of the senior members of the Aaronic

is not quite up to the situation with heard my name, it came as a bolt of Priesthood and not let those fine men which he is confronted. This is one of lightning to me. I did not know, nor stay out there alone. They need and

those times for me. I am sure you can did I expect, nor did I desire such a deserve your help. They are good men.

imagine and understand that I have calling. I am one of those who believe the Lord

prayed diligently for the help of the But talk about blessings! I haven't loves them. If you have a wayward

Lord, and I would like to ask you if you the words to express the blessing it has son, do you love him? Certainly you

will help me. I think it was fifteen been for me to be associated with these do. Well then, what makes you think

years ago at the October conference, brethren; to visit in the wards and stakes the Lord does not love his sons who

when the death of that great man, of the Church. A few weeks ago I went might be a little wayward?

Bishop Marvin O. Ashton, left a vacancy to. a stake where I had never been before. I plead with the senior members of

in the Presiding Bishopric. At that I did not know those men, I had never the Aaronic Priesthood to make themtime I was called to the councils of the seen them. They were in faroff selves available for activity in the

Church to serve as second counselor to Florida. But after being with them for Church. I know what it is to have the

Presiding Bishop LeGrand Richards, only two days, we embraced each other Spirit of the Lord, and I know what it whom I regard as one of God's noble as I left those choice men of that stake is to receive inspiration. Without them,

servants. presidency. we cannot function in this Church.

Then after some years, I was called Can you imagine that kind of bless- I ask you not to find fault with your to serve as first counselor to another ing in any other work in the world? leaders. We are not perfect. We do

choice man, Presiding Bishop Joseph L. I would not take anything for the wonnot profess to be. But we are trying to

Wirthlin. In my humble opinion Bishop derful experiences I have had these last live as close to the Lord as we know

Wirthlin is one of the hardest workers fifteen years, although at times, of how. I think when you allow someone

I have ever known. course, the work was hard. I hope you to find fault with your bishop or your

If anything, probably he worked too will always remember that none of these stake president or one of the General hard. I have heard him say many brethren sought the positions they hold; Authorities, you ought to raise your

times, "No matter what the brethren ask that every one of them is probably givvoice against such practice because that me to do, I will do it."ing more than his physical energy would person will be hurting himself more

948 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA the minor decisions. I think that the unto you, they have their reward. The path from man to God is prayer.

only major decision we've had to make "But thou, when thou prayest, enter Do as the Book of Mormon prophets was when to have evening family into thy closet and when thou hast shut advise: "Pray unto the Father with all

prayer. We have had it just before thy door, pray to thy Father who is in the energy of heart."(Moroni 7:48.)

the evening meal. secret; and thy Father, who seeth in The answer to such prayer is the

But what I am talking about now secret, shall reward thee openly."(3 fuidance of the Holy Spirit. The

is secret prayer. I have always been Nephi 13:5-6.) ey to happiness is to get the Spirit and

thrilled with the statement of the SavOh, that's the way to pray to reach keep it. The right to get it we were given

ior to his disciples that when they the Lord—all alone, where you are when we were confirmed members of

prayed, they were not to not fashioning prayers for the ears of this Church. Walk by it back into the

"... do as the hypocrites, for they any mortal person. In secret prayer presence of God. So doing we will not

love to pray, standing in the synagogues you can kneel down and in the sincerity need to be put to flight by our troubles.

and in the corners of the streets, that of your heart pour out your soul to God God bless you, in the name of Jesus they may be seen of men. Verily I say alone. Christ. Amen.

than he is hurting anyone else. assignments in the Presiding Bishopric. every ounce of energy we have in pickMy son called this morning and said, Brother Irvin Nelson takes care of these ing up the loose ends and getting things

"If you are released today, I do not grounds and lawns, which was one of in order with as little delay as possible.

want you to feel bad, because we have my assignments. I have never worried I bear my testimony and thank God

gone fifteen years without your close about them because he has always my Father for life. I have recognized

association. We would like to have you taken such pride in them. I would like that he was kind enough to spare my

home a little bit."My daughter said, to thank Brother Samuel Bateman who life when I had an illness recently. I

"It will seem good to have you home has been the head custodian of this want to do that every day as long as he once in a while."They were both quite great building for so many years. He will let me live. I thank you, my brethhappy this morning. But I am sure they has done a great work. ren and sisters, for being so tolerant

will be happy now, because I believe I would like to thank J. Frank Marble with me. If I have offended any one

the Lord will make it up to each of and his staff of workers, my secretaries, of you in any way, (because sometimes them in some way. My wife has been I am quite blunt) I wouldn't want to

lonesome, of course, and she had looked hurt you, and I ask your forgiveness.

forward to my being home more. The I bear testimony to you that I love the

loyalty of my wife and family has inLord. He has been so good to me

spired me through the years. Their that I owe him everything. I know

love has sustained me. that God lives, that he hears my prayers

There is nothing in the world like and your prayers. I couldn't get along

the gospel in the lives of men and a day if I could not go to him. One

women. A short time ago I was riding of the most peaceful experiences in my

with a man who was not a member of life is when I follow Elder Romney's this Church. I asked him what his admonition, when I can find a spot

faith was, and he said he didn't have alone. I endorse that to you. It will

any particular faith. I said, "You do give you strength, peace, comfort, inbelong to a church?"spiration, and greater faith.

He said, "Yes."I bear testimony to you that I know

"What does your church do for you?"Joseph Smith was a prophet of God, as

He said, "Nothing."I know President David O. McKay is

I then said, "Do you attend church?"a prophet of God. There isn't a day

"No."that I do not pray for President McKay

"Well, what do you do for your—a number of times, and for every one

church?"of these General Authorities, with no

"Nothing."Then I thought when exception. I regard them as prophets

he said the church had done nothing Darcey Wright of the Church Office of God and servants of the Lord. Would

for him, it was probably because he Building, our hospital administrators, you ever want to speak unkindly about had done nothing for the church. and our boards of trustees. a servant of the Lord? Not ever again,

Oh, how different we are! What I thank Lee A. Palmer, David G. if you ever have.

would we be without the Church? I Thomas, Henry G. Tempest, N. Keith May the Lord bless us that we may

think all of us here would say that Carroll, and Ray L. White of our ofbe strong and that we may move foreverything we have and all that we fice. They have been wonderful in ward with the Church. The Church is

are that are worthwhile have come to us helping us in our many assignments. growing fast, and if we want to keep

because of the blessings of the Church We pledge our wholehearted support up we will have to do likewise.

to our parents, our grandparents, and to the new Presiding Bishopric, Bishop God bless you. May he watch over

our forebears. Life without the Church John H. Vandenberg and his counselors. us all and give us the strength and the

would not be worth living. We know a little of the details with faith to do as he would have us do, I

I would like to thank many of which they will be confronted. We humbly pray in the name of Jesus

those who have assisted me in my pledge that we will help them with Christ. Amen.

DECEMBER 1961 949 The Lord has established his Church Church. The issue is between Cathaccording to the promises of the prophets olicism and Mormonism. If we are

and according to the blueprint prepared right, you are wrong; if you are right,

by him as contained in the Bible and in we are wrong; and that's all there is to

it. to haven't a leg Protestants The

on. they are wrong, stand 'ONE LORD, ONE theand BookCovenantsof Mormonand theandPearlthe Doctrineof Great For, if we

FAITH, ONE Price. are wrong with us, since they were

BAPTISM"periencesI could thattell youI havesomehadwonderfulin meetingexwhilea partif ofwe usareandright,wenttheyoutare fromapostatesus;

people not of us; for instance, when I whom we cut off long ago. If we have

LeGrand Richards was in Holland on my first mission in the apostolic succession from St. Peter,

of the Council of the Twelve the city of Utrecht, they had a seminar as we claim, there was no need of where they taught young men to prepare Joseph Smith and Mormonism; but if

for the ministry, and they used to come we have not that succession, then such

I feel it a great honor and privilege, my and attend our meetings, and then they a man as Joseph Smith was necessary, brethren and sisters, to have an opporwould remain sometimes for hours at and Mormonism's attitude is the only tunity of attending this conference with a time to ask questions, and we found consistent one. It is either the perpetuyou. I love the Saints of Zion. I thank that they did not have the answers; for ation of the gospel from ancient times,

the Lord for my association with my instance, one of them said to me, "You or the restoration of the gospel in latter brethren of the General Authorities. cannot prove that baptism should be by days.'"(A Marvelous Work and

I think it would be appropriate today immersion."I said, "Yes, I can."a Wonder, LeGrand Richards, pp. 3-4.)

if I should pay my tribute of love and "Well,"he asked, "how?"Now, if every Christian in the world

respect to Bishop Wirthlin and Bishop I said, "You have studied some Greek, could accept that and then decide which

Isaacson. As the Presiding Bishop of haven't you?"and he admitted that he is right, we would just gather them in

the Church, I was privileged to select had, and I said, "What does the word by the millions if they were willing to counselors from all the priesthood of the haptizo mean?"obey the commandments. Some of them

Church, and I selected them without He said, "Immerse."are not, as you know, after they become

any duress or guidance, except the Spirit I said, "Why don't you do it?"converted. We have thousands of peoof the Lord, and they were wonderful Then he asked me this question. "Do ple converted to Mormonism who have

counselors, and I love them and pray you think the Lord will hold us accountnever had the courage yet to accept it, the Lord always to be with and bless able if we teach things that we know but they believe that Joseph Smith was them. I love Brother Buehner, too, and are not in harmony with the Bible?"a prophet of God.

I welcome these new men who have "Well,"I said, "I would rather let This is only in harmony with the been sustained today as General Authe Apostle Paul answer that question,"scriptures. You remember what Paul

thorities. I am sure they will do a great and I quoted what Paul said: said: "One Lord, one faith, one bapwork. "But though we, or an angel from tism,"(Eph. 4:5): in other words, one

I great to the of very happy know gospel other unto am any preach heaven, Lord, baptism. Church, one one and

is the inprogress the making Church preached have that which we than you there could be one more than How

I field. suremissionary were (Galaaccursed."we let am be you, him unto that Father Eternal our Church God in this the hearing thrilledall morning 1:8.) tians his Christ could approve, Jesus and Son of the Presidentreport given Moyle by I said, "let conscience your "Now,"conflict because they not with must in baptisms. increasegreat upsurge and are teaching guide you your be when for other, surely the each cannot Lord nearly I missionary aI been think have in are not that things you know against divided himself? be You know I little just life. aall was When my scriptures."the with harmony

said, that divided house a Jesus what I attending a wardfellow, remember article that an There was appeared itself stand. there against cannot So returnmissionaries, two wheremeeting in years a that ago pamphlet some

of Christ only one be Jesus can Church their States, gave Southerning the from F. Brother enwrote, Orson Whitney all in the world. I they whetherreport. not do know titled, of Strength the "The Mormon

if does not all That that not, these mean or but unusualsaid anything is Position."a statement a This noted by Protestant churches in have no did good something not, the Lord didthey

I of the Catholic and Church, member they them, I left teach to people that pray when for because whenunusual me, it think very has important something teach to they live to I try right. and them I felt walked have that couldmeeting

to any mission field in the world, if I in it that those of us interested in misYou and I could go out and organize had just had a call, and so I went home sionary work could well give a little a Church. That is why we have hunand got down on my knees and asked thought to, and I would like to read it dreds of them, because they are

the Lord to help me to live worthy to to you. He said: churches of men, just like civic orgango on a mission when I was old enough "Many years ago a learned man, izations and other institutions organized

to go. a member of the Roman Catholic by men to help people to do things

Because of this desire, I used to carry Church, came to Utah and spoke from that are worthwhile, but no man can my little New Testament around with the stand of the Salt Lake Tabernacle. organize a church with divine authority

me often and memorize scripture. I I became wellacquainted with him, and and power to bind on earth and it shall

have had a wonderful opportunity in we conversed freely and frankly. A be bound in heaven except they are

missionary work. great scholar, with perhaps a dozen called by God the Eternal Father and

As many of you know, I have had the languages at his tongue's end, he seemed ordained to his priesthood. That is

privilege of filling four missions and to know all about theology, law, litwhat Jesus meant when he said to the presiding over two and touring many erature, science, and philosophy. One Council of the Twelve:

of them, and I have tested this Church day he said to me: 'You Mormons are "Ye have not chosen me, but I have

and its teachings in every way that I all ignoramuses. You don't even know chosen you, and ordained you...."

think it can be tested, and my testimony the strength of your own position. It is (John 15:16.)

increases day by day, and I have never so strong that there is only one other "... and whatsoever thou shalt bind

found that its teachings were wanting in tenable in the whole Christian world, on earth shall be bound in heaven...."

any way. and that is the position of the Catholic (Matthew 16:19.)

950 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Ordinances performed, no matter if verted, that your sins may be blotted wonderful thing the Lord had planned there are thousands of churches, will not out, when the times of refreshing shall for her. We do not read of any angels any

be recognized in the heavens until God come from the presence of the Lord. more among any of the churches, and I

has endowed that church with that "And he shall send Jesus Christ, wonder what the world thinks angels divine power to bind on earth, and it which before was preached unto you: really are. When we see them depicted

shall be bound in heaven. Of course, "Whom the heaven must receive until today, they have wings on them.

the Lord will reward all people for all the times of restitution of all things, I would like to read you a few words the good they do, but according to this which God hath spoken by the mouth from Revelation 22:9. After John had

statement, it is either the perpetuation of all his holy prophets since the world seen all the marvelous things that were of the gospel of Christ from his day or began."(Acts 3:1921.) shown unto him by the angel, he fell

it is a restoration of the gospel through According to the Apostle Peter, there down to worship at his feet, and the the Prophet Joseph Smith. That is why had to come a falling away in order angel said unto him:

we are not Catholics, and we are not that there could be a restitution. That "... See thou do it not: for I am thy

Protestants. We believe in a restoration is just as simple as ABC. fellowservant, and of thy brethren the

of the gospel. I should not think it would be hard prophets, and of them which keep the

If the Bible is true, it cannot be a for any Christian to recognize the fact sayings of this book: worship God."

perpetuation of the gospel from the that the choice is between one of two (Ibid., 22:9.)

days of Jesus Christ. I will just read churches, and then if we turn to the In other words, when the "fellowyou one or two references. Here is one scriptures to determine which of the servants, and of thy brethren the

from Paul: two it is, there should be no difficulty prophets"leave this earth, that does not

"Now we beseech you, brethren, by in reaching a correct decision. mean that their work is completed, bethe coming of our Lord Jesus Christ, We come again to the statement of cause the Lord rules in the heavens

and by our gathering together unto him. John when he was banished upon the above, and he rules upon the earth

"That ye be not soon shaken in mind, Isle of Patmos. You remember the beneath, and his servants are sent back

or be troubled, neither by spirit, nor angel said: from time to time in order to work out

by word, nor by letter as from us, as "... Come up hither, and I will shew his program that his promises might be

that the day of Christ is at hand."thee things which must be hereafter."fulfilled. As Jesus said:

(2 Thess. 2:1-2.) (Rev. 4:1.) And then he saw "... an- "Verily I say unto you, This genNow remember, this is long after other angel fly in the midst of heaven, eration shall not pass away, till all be

Jesus had gone to the Father and comfulfilled.

pleted his earthly mission. "Heaven and earth shall pass away:

"Let no man deceive you by any but my words shall not pass away."

means: for that day shall not come, (Luke 21:3233.)

except there come a falling away There are so many statements in the first "(Ibid., 2:3.) Bible that prove that there should be

Now, that means no perpetuation, a restoration of the everlasting gospel does it not, of the gospel, but a falling before the promised second coming of away which would require a restoration? the Christ, that one could not possibly

One more statement from Paul: believe in the Bible and believe in a

"For the time will come when they perpetuation of the truth.

will not endure sound doctrine; but I want to leave with you one other

after their own lusts shall they heap to thought that has impressed me greatly.

themselves teachers, having itching ears; It is reported that one of our national

"And they shall turn away their ears radio commentators made this statefrom the truth, and shall be turned unto ment. He said he was asked what mesfables."(2 Tim. 4:3-4.) sage could be broadcast to the world

Then there are many more in the which would be considered greater than scriptures such as Amos, where he says: any other message. He said, after giv-

"Behold, the days come, saith the ing it consideration, he decided that to

Lord God, that I will send a famine in be able to say to the world that a man the land, not a famine of bread, nor who had lived upon this earth and died a thirst for water, but of hearing the had returned again with a message from words of the Lord: having the everlasting gospel"(ibid., God would be the greatest message that

"And they shall wander from sea to 14:6), that is the only gospel that can could be broadcast to the world. We

sea, and from the north even to the save men, "... to preach unto them that are the only people in the world that

east, they shall run to and fro to seek dwell on the earth, and to every nation have such a message as that.

the word, of the Lord, and shall not and kindred, and tongue, and people"We have even erected a great monufind it."(Amos 8:1112.) (Idem) indicating that no one in the ment in the state of New York to the

Jesus said, "... seek and ye shall world would be in possession of that honor of such a man, Moroni, who

find"(Matt. 7:7), and why could they everlasting gospel. came back with a message from God.

not find it? Because there was a famine If the gospel were to endure from Just think of all the messengers who

in the land for hearing the word of the days of Christ, why should the have come back in the "restitution of all

God, and when the word of God canangel come? It seems incredible that things"(Acts 3:21), as Peter promised

not be found anywhere, what does that we have no report or account of angels before Christ can come again. And who

imply? It implies the need of a restovisiting the earth any more, and yet were they? Angels. And who are

ration, does it not? angels are nothing more than servants angels? Servants of the Lord, "fellowSo we come to that point. of the Lord. You remember how servants like unto thyself,"as the angel

Peter is the one that they claim to Gabriel was sent to Zacharias to tell said to John when he went to kneel follow, and yet Peter, you remember, him about how his wife Elizabeth down to worship him. (See Rev. 22:9.)

in talking to those who put to death the would have a son, and he would be In closing, I would like to read the

Christ, said: called John, and how the Angel Gabriel testimony of the Prophet Joseph Smith

"Repent ye therefore, and be concame to Mary to tell her about the and Sidney Rigdon, received in Hiram,

DECEMBER 1961 951 Ohio, on February 16, 1832, and I bear worship him forever and ever. 76:1924.)

you my testimony that this is true: "And now, after the many testimonies I thank God for the testimony in my

"And while we meditated upon these which have been given of him, this is soul that I am his son and that Jesus is things, the Lord touched the eyes of our the testimony, last of all, which we give my Elder Brother and that he is the understandings and they were opened, of him: That he lives! Creator of heaven and earth and that

and the glory of the Lord shone round "For we saw him, even on the right he has revealed himself to the earth about. hand of God; and we heard the voice in this day and that messengers have

"And we beheld the glory of the Son, bearing record that he is the Only Bereturned with a message from God and on the right hand of the Father, and gotten of the Father hence we have the greatest message received of his fulness; "That by him, and through him, and that could possibly be broadcast to this

"And saw the holy angels, and them of him, the worlds are and were created, world, and I bear you that witness in who are sanctified before his throne, and the inhabitants thereof are begotten the name of the Lord, Jesus Christ.

worshiping God, and the Lamb, who sons and daughters unto God."(D&C Amen.

the Old World and flee to America. privileges of free men. He urged the

(1 Nephi 13:1316.) election of honest and wise leaders and

Fourth: God told his prophets that the said that evil men and laws were of

THE AMERICAN kingdoms in Europe would try to exerSatan. (Ibid., 98:5-10.)

HERITAGE OF cisefled todominionAmerica,overbut thethatpeoplein the whowars hadfor phetsNinth:thatGodthispredictedgreat throughgentile hisnation,proindependence the American settlers raised in continent American on the upFREEDOM -A PLAN

is a remarkable would win. (This the last days, the richest would becomeOF GOD prophecy in that 2,300 years before the and most powerful nation on the face of

Revolutionary War was fought, God the earth; even "above all other

Ezra Taft Benson through his prophets predicted who nations."(See 1 Nephi 13:15, 30;

of the Council of the Twelve would win it.) (Ibid., 13:1619.) Ether 2:12.)

Fifth: The prophets were told that in Tenth: Concerning the United States,

the latter days when the gentiles came the Lord revealed to his prophets that its

My brethren and sisters and friends, in to America they would establish it as a greatest threat would be a vast, worldkeeping with the spirit of the keynote land of liberty on which there would wide "secret combination"which would address of our beloved President, I debe no kings. The Lord declared that he not only threaten the United States but

sire, if the Lord will bless me, to speak would protect the land and whosoever also seek to "overthrow the freedom of to you about the American heritage of would try to establish kings either from all lands, nations, and countries."

within 8:25.) or without would perish. (2 Ne- (Ether plan of God.freedom—a phi 10:8-14.) Eleventh: In connection with attack particularly to the remarks I direct my

men of America and more especially to Sixth: Having declared America to be on the United States, the Lord told the

those in the Church of Jesus Christ of a land of liberty, God undertook to raise Prophet Joseph Smith there would be an

Latterday Saints, who hold the Holy up a band of inspired and intelligent attempt to overthrow the country by

Priesthood of God. leaders who could write a constitution of destroying the Constitution. Joseph

Every member of the priesthood should liberty and establish the first free people Smith predicted that the time would understand the divine plan designed by in modern times. The hand of God in come when the Constitution would

the Lord to raise up the first free people this undertaking is clearly indicated by hang, as it were, by a thread, and at in modern times. Here is how scripture the Lord himself in a revelation to the that time "this people will step forth

says it was achieved: Prophet Joseph Smith in these words: and save it from the threatened destrucFirst: Prophecy is abundant that God tion."(Journal History, Brigham

deliberately kept the American continent "... I established the Constitution of Young's Speech, July 4, 1854.)

hidden until after the Holy Roman this land, by the hands of wise men It is my conviction that the elders of

Empire had been broken up and the whom I raised up unto this very purIsrael, widely spread over the nation, various nations had established thempose...."(D&C 101:80.) will at that crucial time successfully

selves as independent kingdoms. Keeping rally the righteous of our country and

America hidden until this time was no Seventh: God declared that the United provide the necessary balance of strength

accident. (2 Nephi 1:6, 8.) States Constitution was divinely inspired to save the institutions of constitutional

Second: At the proper time, God infor the specific purpose of eliminating government.

spired Columbus to overcome almost inbondage and the violation of the rights Twelfth: The Lord revealed to the

surmountable odds to discover America and protection which belongs to "all Prophet Nephi that he established the and bring this rich new land to the flesh."(Ibid., 101:7780.) gentiles on this land to be a free people

attention of the gentiles in Europe. Eighth: God placed a mandate upon forever, that if they were a righteous na-

(1 Nephi 13:12; Admiral of the Ocean his people to befriend and defend the tion and overcame the wickedness and

Sea, by Dr. Samuel Eliot Morison, constitutional laws of the land and see secret abominations which would arise

pp. 4647.) that the rights and privileges of all manin their midst, they would inherit the

Third: God revealed to his ancient kind are protected. He verified the declaland forever. (1 Nephi 14:1-2.)

American prophets that shortly after the ration of the founding fathers, that God Thirteenth: But on the other hand, if

discovery of America there would be created all men free. He also warned the gentiles on this land reject the word

peoples in Europe who would desire to against those who would enact laws enof God and conspire to overthrow liberty escape the persecution and tyranny of croaching upon the sacred rights and and the Constitution, then their doom

952 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA My brothers and sisters, I appreciate The Master himself emphasized this this semiannual privilege of having a important ability when he said to his part with you in the general conference disciples, "... if ye are not one ye are

of the Church. not mine."(D&C 38:27.) Then the

MEN IN STEP inventionSomeone ofhasallsaidtimethattookthe placegreatestat mostgreatestimportantintelligencesuccessof heavenformulagave everthe

Platea, 2,500 years ago, when an obscure given, saying, "Follow me...."(Matt.

Sterling W. Sill Greek perfected the process of marching 4:19.) And every human soul must

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve men in step. When it was discovered finally be judged by how well he

that a great group of individuals could obeys that single command.

coordinate their efforts and focus them May God help us I pray in Jesus'effectively upon a single objective, that name. Amen.

day civilization began.

is fixed, and they "... shall be cut off Up to now some members of the security programs at the expense of our

from among my people who are of the Church have stood aloof, feeling that the liberties. Latterday Saints should be

covenant."(1 Nephi 14:6; 3 Nephi fight against socialisticcommunism is reminded how and why they voted as

21:11, 14, 21; D&C 84:114115, 117.) "controversial"and unrelated to the they did in heaven. If some have decided

Fourteenth: The great destructive force mission of the Church or the work of the to change their vote they should repent

ofwhich was to be turned loose on the Lord. But the President of the Church—throw their support on the sideearth and which the prophets for centuin our day has made it clear that the freedom—and cease promoting this subries have been calling the "abomination fight against atheistic communism is a version.

of desolation"is vividly described by major challenge to the Church and every When all of the trappings of propathose who saw it in vision. Ours is the member in it. ganda and pretense have been pulled

first generation to realize how literally During the general conference of the aside, the exposed hardcore structure these prophecies can be fulfilled now Church in October 1959, President of modern communism is amazingly that God, through science, has unlocked David O. McKay, in discussing the similar to the ancient Book of Mormon

the secret to thermonuclear reaction. threat of communism, referred to W. record of secret societies such as the

In the light of these prophecies there Cleon Skousen's book, The Naked ComGadiantons. In the ancient American

should be no doubt in the mind of any munist, and said, "I admonish everybody civilization there was no word which priesthood holder that the human family to read that excellent book."He then struck greater terror to the hearts of the

is headed for trouble. There are rugged quoted the following from the flyleaf: people than the name of the Gadiantons.

days ahead. It is time for every man "The conflict between communism and It was a secret political party which

who wishes to do his duty to get himself freedom is the problem of our time. It operated as a murder cult. Its object was

all problems."other plant overshadows government, legitimate to infiltrate spiritually, andprepared—physically, fight godless against communism then The places, and high officers in the task which maypsychologically—for of part spoils real is every off the a very live man's duty itsseize and power the as suddenlycome at any time, as

whirlwind. who holds the priesthood. It is the appropriated from the people. (It would

Where do we stand today? All over fight against slavery, immorality, athestart out as a small group of "dissenters"

the world the light of freedom is being ism, terrorism, cruelty, barbarism, deceit, and by using secret oaths with the diminished. Across whole continents and the destruction of human life threat of death for defectors it would

of the earth freedom is being totally through a kind of tyranny unsurpassed gradually gain a choke hold on the obliterated. by anything in human history. Here is political and economic life of whole

evil, satanical civilizations.) the against struggle a history any has recorded in Never

like it Gadiantons, of the Lucifer. of can be Truly priestcraft The object far and so its power spreadmovement

the to destroy of in was the war communists, continuation called, "a modem socialisticcommunism fast as has so in the last three decades. The facts are heaven."existing government and set up a ruthnot pleasant to review. Communist In the war in heaven the devil adless criminal dictatorship over the whole

leaders are jubilant with their success. vocated absolute eternal security at the land.

They are driving freedom back on almost sacrifice of our freedom. Although there One of the most urgent, heartstirring

every front. is nothing more desirable to a Latterday appeals made by Moroni as he closed the

It is time, therefore, that every AmeriSaint than eternal security in God's Book of Mormon was addressed to the can, and especially every member of presence, and although God knew, as gentile nations of the last days. He

the priesthood, became informed about did we, that some of us would not foresaw the rise of a great worldwide the aims, tactics, and schemes of socialachieve this security if we were allowed secret combination among the gentiles of the heavour very God seeketh the to overthrow which "... particbecomes This isticcommunism. freedom—yet

en, us than mercy who has more lands, nations, and counit all, freedom that of all is realized ularly important when communism is turning out to be the still decreed no guaranteed security extries;..."(Ether 8:25. Italics added.)

earthly image of the plan which Satan cept by a man's own freedom of choice He warned each gentile nation of the presented in the preexistence. The and individual initiative. last days to purge itself of this gigantic

whole program of socialisticcommunism Today the devil as a wolf in a supcriminal conspiracy which would seek is essentially a war against God and the posedly new suit of sheep's clothing is to rule the world.

plan of salvation—the very plan which enticing some men, both in and out of The prophets, in our day, have conwe fought to uphold during "the war the Church, to parrot his line by advotinually warned us of these internal in heaven."cating planned government guaranteed threats in our midst—that our greatest

DECEMBER 1961 953

threat from socialisticcommunism lies would rise up among the gentile nations replace communism. The policy of

within our country. Brethren and sisin this day. increasing power, of pushing their systers, we don't need a prophet—we have The strategems of the leaders of these tem outward and using the communist

one-—we need a listening ear. And if societies are amazingly familiar to anyparty, they say, will go on.

we do not listen and heed, then, as the one who has studied the tactics of modSuch a negative attitude writes off the

Doctrine and Covenants states, "... ern communist leaders. hundreds of millions behind the iron

the day cometh that they who will not The Lord has declared that before the curtain as a lost cause. Surely no courahear the voice of the Lord, neither the second coming of Christ it will be geous, libertyloving citizen will treat

voice of his servants, neither give heed necessary to "... destroy the secret works the communist secret combination as

to the words of the prophets and aposof darkness,..."in order to preserve "something we will have to learn to

tles, shall be cut with."off from among the the land of Zion—the Americas. (2 Nelive

1:14.)people."(D&C There is a more courageous and 10:1116.) phi

The prophets have said that these The worldwide secret conspiracy sounder point of view. President McKay

threats are among us. The Prophet which has risen up in our day to fulfil expressed it in these words:

Moroni, viewing our day, said, "Wherethese prophecies is easily identified.

fore the Lord commandeth you, when ye President McKay has left no room for "Men will be free. I have hoped for

shall see these things come among you doubt as to what attitude Latterday twenty years that the Russian system that ye shall awake to a sense of your Saints should take toward the modern would break up. There is no freedom

awful situation."(Ether 8:24.) "secret combinations"of conspiratorial under it, and sooner or later the people

it. rise will against oppose cannot They statement a In lengthy on communism. nation our has Unfortunately not civilization those of fundamentals and of said: he communism,treated socialisticcommunist the concan't their crush God. people They

instias freespiracy to "treasonable our always. free."will be (Church Men. ".. Latterday Saints should have Firsttutions,"as pointed Presidency the Section, Deseret News, 6, November to secret the with nothing do combinaIf signed 1936 statement. in aout we in entitled, 1957, an article "President tions to antagonistic groups the and tocontinue not uphold by communism receives at Senator Kennedy McKay constitutional of land, the the which law it treasonable, shall our landmaking Offices.") Church 'suffered established,'to Lord be and for destroyed, that said the hasbe Lord

for 'should the which be maintained '.. shall nation. whatsoever uphold is official the position of the What all rights flesh protection of accordand secret to get combinations,such power In "on 1936 the Church communism? principles.'just to ing holy and (Gosshall gain, until over spread theyand First official Presidency declaan made Ideals, pel 306. O. David by p. McKay,

'shall.they nation,the debehold be ration never has on which communism Italics added.).".. (Ibid.,stroyed; 8:22.) abrogated. been the I quote concluding

The Prophet Moroni described how There are those who recommend that paragraph the secret combination would take over the clash between communism and a country and then fight the work of freedom be avoided through disarma- "We call upon all Church members

God, persecute the righteous, and murder ment agreements. Abolishing our completely to eschew communism. The

those who resisted. Moroni therefore military strength and adopting an safety of our divinely inspired constiproceeded to describe the workings of unenforceable contract as a substitute tutional government and the welfare

the ancient "secret combinations"so to protect us would go down in history of our Church imperatively demand that modern man could recognize this as the greatest mistake free men could that communism shall have no place great political conspiracy in the last make in a time of peril. in America."

days: "Wherefore, O ye Gentiles, it is

in that ever keep mind that these things should in We mustwisdom God is of socialism part the thereby you, that ye unto may President McKay declared: collectivizedbe shown

is strategy. communist Communism sins, suffer that ofrepent not your and rules in today; the "Force conworld socialism. will fundamentally never shallthese combinations We murderous get sequently, keep our government must

fight against our win by built to communism are get you,above up abroad, air armies build navies and concessions to socialism. making yea, Comthe work, andpower whichgain—and create proto squadrons, atom bombs closely socialism, related, and munism the destruction ofeven upon work come itself tect aggression the threatened from

. principle. defeated.. be must on Theyou, of to to listen a nation seems which no

close relationship socialism between and the Lord "Wherefore, commandeth (Ibid., other appeal compulsion."than

is clearly pointed out communism by shall these things seeyou, ye come when p. 304.)

among you that ye shall awake to a Senator Strom Thurmond of South Carosense of your awful situation, because This parallels the historic statement lina in a letter to the editor of the of this secret combination which shall by George Washington when he vigorWashington Post, of August 6, 1961, in be among you;... ously warned: these words:

it to that pass whoso "For cometh ".. socialism Both and communism

is States the a it rank due United "There seeketh the to overthrowbuildeth up of derive teachings the. from and Marx

totally that will the nations be among lands, all of counnations andfreedom fact, Engels. In the were movements

If lost reputation of the weakness. it by destructries; the to pass bringeth and until split over the of one methods

insult able is avoid be it must built would all people, for we of we bytion up after resulted the approach, Ruswhich it, if peace, to secure the all repel is would we devil, father of the the who... 1905. sian in revolution aim The

it all..". at are that Italics be lies; 8:2325. must added.) known (Ibid., we of purpose and both then and was

The Prophet Moroni seemed greatly times ready for war."now world socialism, which communismis

exercised lest in our day we might not Some timid, vacillating political leadseeks to achieve through revolution and be able to recognize the startling fact ers proclaim that communism is somewhich socialists seek to achieve through that the same secret societies which thing we will have to learn to live evolution.

destroyed the Jaredites and decimated with... whether it is Khrushchev, or "The industrial achievements of the

numerous kingdoms of both Nephites some other leader. The present commu- U. S. are the result of an economic

and Lamanites would be precisely the nist system, they declare, will continue system which is the antithesis of socialsame form of criminal conspiracy which because there is no alternate system to ism. Our economic system is called

954 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 'capitalism'or 'private enterprise'and our liberties. Only in perpetuating about Americanism. What better way

is based on private property rights, the economic freedom can our social, politican one become informed than by first profit motive and competition. cal, and religious liberties be preserved."studying the inspired words of the

"Both communism and socialism seek (Excerpt from Inaugural address for prophets and using that as a foundation to destroy our economic system and Dr. Henry A. Dixon, President of USU, against which to test all other material.

replace it with socialism; and their delivered by President McKay at the This is in keeping with the Prophet

success, whether through evolution by USU fieldhouse, Logan, Utah, MonJoseph Smith's motto, "When the Lord socialism or through revolution by comday, March 18, 1954.) commands, do it."(Ibid., Vol. 2, p. 170.)

munism or a combination, will destroy The Foundation for Economic Educanot only our economic system, but our Again President McKay warned, citing tion, Irvingtonon-Hudson, New York, liberty, including the 'civil'aspects as the words of W. C. Mullendore, presion which President J. Reuben Clark, Jr.,

well.... dent of Southern California Edison served as a board member, continues

"... The 'common ground'of socialism Company: to supply sound freedom literature. We

and communism is a factor to which should know enough about American the American people should be alerted. "During the first half of the twentieth free enterprise to be able to defend it.

Without a clear understanding that century we have traveled far into the We should know what makes it possible socialism of and land souldestroying threat total is socialism, the six for percentcommunism humanity—living

alliances through which strange made never cold can of the warand free produce menace our under economy—toof in almost involved have become we victory."to fought and of comprehendedbe the earth's developed onehalf about

continuous hot and cold wars over the wealth each year.

this retreat earth. from of the In whole is understood, socialism we will know When why paternalism, We should citizens protesting of voices the freedom adof the programsrealize that federal suor many collectivism, unnecessary

vocated, and some of those already have been drowned by raucous shouts of pervision will hold our standard of those who from intolerance and abuse clearly States, fall in the United productivityadopted living reduce and down of millions the retreat and their is led of socialism. category What thewithin every country just as it has in where it

socialism? It is simply governmental has been tried. We should also know

ownership and management of the eswhy the communist leaders consider sential means for the production and socialism the highroad to communism.

distribution of goods. Second, we should accept the comWe must never forget that nations mand of the Lord and treat socialistic

may sow the seeds of their own destruccommunism as the tool of Satan. We

tion while enjoying unprecedented prosshould follow the counsel of the perity. President of the Church and resist the

The socialisticcommunist conspiracy influence and policies of the socialistto weaken the United States involves communist conspiracy wherever they are,

To weaken attacks on many fronts. churches, in the the schools, the found—in which freeenterprise economyAmerican in businesses, in unions, in governments,

outproduced both its enemies and allies in agriculture.

during World War II is a high priority Third, we should help those who have target of the communist leaders. Their been deceived or who are misinformed

press and other propaganda media are to find the truth. Unless each person

therefore constantly selling the princiwho knows the truth will "stand up and ples of centralized or federal control of speak up"it is difficult for the deceived farms, railroads, electric power, schools, or confused citizen to find his way back.

steel, maritime shipping, and many Fourth, we should not make the misother aspects of the economy—but altake of calling people "communist"just

ways in the name of public welfare. because they happen to be helping the

This carries out the strategy laid communist cause. Thousands of patriotic

down by the communist masters. John gullible youth, who are marching merAmericans, including a few Latterday

Strachey, a top official in the Labor rily to their doom, carrying banners on Saints, have helped the communists

Socialist party of Great Britain, in his which are emblazoned such intriguing without realizing it. Others have knowbook entitled The Theory and Practice and misapplied labels as social justice, ingly helped without joining the party.

of Socialism said: equality, reform, patriotism, social welThe remedy is to avoid namecalling,

fare."(Gospel Ideals, p. 273.) but point out clearly and persuasively

"It is impossible to establish comIt is significant that 1 18 years ago this how they are helping the communists.

should Fifth, holder each priesthood after Smith, the Prophet Joseph successor month immediate as themunism to his influence in the community use socialism, lectures attending on made proposed It is accordingly capitalism. to

to establish socialism as something this official entry in church history: "I resist the erosion process which is taking

which we can put in the place of our said I did not believe the doctrine."place in our political and economic life.

present decaying capitalism. Hence, (History of the Church, Vol. 6, p. 33.) He should use the political party of his

of his evaluation imexpress to choice establishment for the work communists true Latterday true Saint and no No his issues. that see should portant He transition necessary as a of socialism socialist or can a be a comAmerican

is preserve freedom, to working party to communism."road stage the on in leading or programs support munist

it. join respondestroy should not He

evil philosophies direction. that These interested in local groups promosible is liberty issue today paramount The the with incompatible Mormonism, are free competitive ting freedom and is this It in socialism. creeping against Christ. gospel of Jesus true issues, political enterprise, studying in stated: spirit President that McKay

What can priesthood holders do? appraising the voting records and pro-

"Communism is antagonistic to the There are many things we can do to posed programs, and writing to members

American way of life. Its avowed purmeet the challenge of the adversary in of Congress, promoting good men in

pose is to destroy belief in God and our day. public office and scrutinizing local,

free enterprise.... The fostering of full First, we should become informed state, and federal agencies to see that

economic freedom lies at the base of about communism, about socialism, and the will of the people is being carried

DECEMBER 1961 955 out. He should not wait for the Lord's 1. Regular family prayer, rememberforming his duties in the priesthood,

servants to give instruction for every ing especially our government leaders. in the auxiliary organizations, in the

detail once they have announced the 2. Getting out of debt. temple, and in the civic life of the

direction in which the priesthood should 3. Seeing that each member of the community.

go. Each member should exercise prayerfamily understands the importance of 6. Seeing that every wage earner in

ful judgment and then act. keeping the commandments. the home is a full tithepayer and fulSixth, and most important of all, 4. Seeing that the truth is shared filling other obligations in financial

each member of the priesthood should with members of the family, with neighsupport of the kingdom.

set his own house in order. This should bors, and with associates. 7. Providing a oneyear supply of

include: 5. Seeing that each member is peressentials.

Sunday Morning Session, Church who hold the Aaronic PriestMy four children were all married in

October 1, 1961 hood and the great army of men who the temple. Between them I have sixhave been serving as ward teachers teen grandchildren. They and their

THE JOY OF SERVICE There160,000areof manythem thingsin thethatChurchbring now.great companionsfor one minute.have Theyneverareembarrassedall active andme

rewards through service in this great devoted to the Church. One cannot

Carl W. Buehner Church. help loving children and grandchildren

of the Presiding Bishopric When my brothers heard that I had like these. So, you see, the Lord has

been asked to become a member of the been good to me all along the line.

President Brown began his address by Presiding Bishopric, they said, "We are I had wonderful parents. They have

saying this is the first conference since proud of you. You go and assume those been gone for twentyseven years. They

the change of his status, and I could responsibilities, and we will run the did not have very much so far as things well begin by saying this is the last business. We will keep you on the of this world are concerned, but they

conference since the change of my status payroll."They have been wonderful, had great faith in the gospel and a

with the General Authorities of the and I appreciate this. strong testimony. Certainly, we should

Church; but I am very happy and very All along the line, people have been be good children, having had parents

joyous in the wonderful and marvelous so grand. I am so grateful for all of like these and having been trained in a

experience that I have had, and I have the marvelous blessings that have come home where such great faith was exdiscovered there is something wonderful to me. hibited all the time.

in being released. I have had hundreds I would like to pay a tribute to those

of people come to me and embrace me, with whom we have labored in our tell me how much they loved me, how office—wonderful, dedicated people. We

much they appreciated me, and how have been blessed with qualified secremuch I am going to be missed. I would taries. They know just about as much

never have known about this if I had of our work as we know ourselves. In

not been released. a minute's notice, they can bring letters

When I was sustained as the second out of a file; they can tell you what

counselor in the Presiding Bishopric, I your appointments are; and they can

remember saying to the Church that I remind you of many things. They are

pledged my wholehearted support to efficient and wonderful.

Bishop Wirthlin, Bishop Isaacson, and Bishop Isaacson mentioned members to the leaders of the Church; and I think of our staff in his talk. I should like

to the best of my ability and at least to pay tribute to Brother Henry G.

in a reasonable measure, I have accomTempest who has been "my man"in the plished this. I have enjoyed my work ward teaching program. He has gone

so much. Bishop Wirthlin is a great out many nights to hold conventions

man, a man of integrity, a man of and to speak at ward teachers'meetings honesty, a man whose word was good all I should now like to make a few and to encourage the great program.

the time, and it is to Bishop Wirthlin acknowledgments: I have had the full While there is still a long way to go,

that I owe the great honor that came to support of a loyal and loving wife. She much has been accomplished. We now

me, since he is the man who asked that has been a Church widow if there has get into the homes of eightyone percent

I serve with him as a counselor in the ever been one. My children are all of the people of the Church. This is an

Presiding Bishopric. married, and each has a home of his increase of about thirtyfive percent over

I have enjoyed, of course, with him, own. Therefore, my wife has been the past few years. I am thrilled about

the labors with Bishop Isaacson; and home many, many days alone. I feel this, and some good must come from it.

we have had a great time together. We she will welcome this release. She has Brother Thomas and Brother Palmer

have been in many council meetings. already thought of many things we can who have Aaronic Priesthood assignWe have been on our knees many now do, and my children have already ments, those under twentyone and

times, invoking the blessings of the called and said, "Dad, we can get tothose over twentyone, have performed

Almighty in the great responsibilities gether now and do some of the things their duties in the same wonderful way.

that are those of members of the Prewe have not been able to do in the past Recently, Brother Ray White was added siding Bishopric. years."So, the future looks wonderful, to our staff. He is a qualified, experiWe love the boys and the men of the I can see this. I appreciate my family. enced man who has come to do our

956 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA In doing these things a member of rcigneth; May God give us the wisdom to

the Church is not only making himself "And the anger of God kindleth recognize the threat to our freedom and an opponent of the adversary, but a against the inhabitants of the earth; the strength to meet this danger courproponent of the Lord. "... I give unto you directions how ageously.

In the prophecies there is no promise you may act before me, that it may Yes, perilous times are ahead, but if except to the obedient. To a modern turn to you for your salvation. we do our duty in all things, God will

prophet the Lord said: "I, the Lord, am bound when ye give us inner peace and overrule all

"Therefore, what I say unto one, I do what I say; but when ye do not things for our good. God grant it may

say unto all: Watch, for the adversary what I say, ye have no promise."be so, I pray, in the name of Jesus

spreadeth his dominions, and darkness (D&C 82:5-6, 9-10.) Christ. Amen.

writing. Brother Keith Carroll has been You have come from farms, from small great association all of my life.

our office manager. He has been on communities, from large cities, from I have met with hospital boards,

the job all the time. He has kept our most of the states of the Union and while dedicated men have sat and

office routine moving in a smooth and from many foreign countries to be inpondered and worked out problems perefficient manner. We learned to love spired and lifted, edified, and electrified. taining to our hospitals. These men

people of this caliber. Brother Harold I hope you catch on fire so that this have given their time hour after hour

Kirby, Brother Walter Poelman, and great work will move forward as never in the solution of the problems that

Brother Phillip Jensen are men of this before. confront these institutions. They have

same caliber. I should like to mention I have had the honor of sitting in the been a great aid to the administrators.

Sister Ella Jack who supervises the depresence of President McKay and his These are some of the things I shall partment that has more than 1,700,000 Counselors at least twice each week, miss. My association with the men and

membership records in it. This departand many times, oftener. I will never boys who hold the Aaronic Priesthood

ment is so efficient that within a matter be in any more wonderful company than has been tremendous. This, I shall also

of five or six seconds, the workers can while in the presence of prophets of never forget. I am even going to miss

bring out the membership card of any God. Add to this those who comprise my new, red chair down here. From

member in the Church. If you can the body of the General Authorities of now on, I will be competing with you

spell their names, and if they are memthe Church. for a seat on one of the benches down

bers of the Church, this department can below. I have a feeling this is going

produce the membership records for you. to be enjoyable.

It is this type of efficiency in all of our Someone said, "Why do so many departments that has been so obvious. meetings start at 8 pm sharp and close

Another department that should be at 11 pm dull?"This may be because

mentioned is the comptometer depart- I have been holding some of these ment which was formerly headed by an meetings. I hope this will now elimioutstanding servant, Fern Dunn, who nate all those classified as dull.

passed away a few months ago, and our I know I must not speak much medical welfare department where we longer, but I should like to let you handle many cases of people in distress know that I wholeheartedly sustain the and difficulty. Sister Hilda Harvey and changes that have been made. I enher staff are qualified, dedicated women dorse the new brethren whose names

who take care of those who come to this have been mentioned. I have loved and

department. appreciated Elder Hinckley and admire

I am going to miss many of these wonhim greatly. I fully support the new

derful experiences that I have enjoyed. members of the Presiding Bishopric. I

I will miss sitting in our weekly report have a feeling they will do a better job meeting where the experience of our than we have done. It seems, when

visits at stake quarterly conferences are changes are made, new individuals alrelated. I, personally, have been to ways lift the Church to greater heights.

more than 350 quarterly conferences If I can do anything to assist them, I during the time I have been in the PreElder Romney mentioned my experioffer my services.

siding Bishopric, and this in itself has ence with him in the welfare program. I am very grateful that Bishop Wirthbeen a tremendous experience. Early in the program, I learned to love lin has received a new assignment in

As I look at this great audience, parPresident Clark, and I wish he were the Church. I am also grateful that

ticularly those of you who are leaders here today so that I could tell him of Bishop Isaacson has a new assignment.

of the Church, I realize what an amazing the tremendous influence he has been President McKay said, "Brother Buehner, group of men you are. You have come in my life and for the great contribution this will give you time to run your new

from all over the Church, actually, from he has made to the welfare program. I Beehive State Bank."I told him I

all parts of the world. I shook hands was closely associated with President would take some of my time to do this

with leaders from Holland the other day Moyle while he was chairman of the and some for other things in which I and then with some from the new Berlin program; Elder Harold B. Lee, managing have an interest.

Stake, as well as leaders from Australia director, Elder Romney, and all others In closing, may I say that through and New Zealand. You may be sitting associated with this outstanding prothe privilege I have had of travelnext to each other at this very moment. gram to bless people. I will prize this ing about the Church, meeting you

DECEMBER 1961 957 wonderful stake presidents, I express apnow, I will remember these tremendous The one other thought I would like preciation for the fact that you have given experiences. You are a great blessing to to leave is that the Lord is trying to

me the best room in your home. You have the leadership of the Church. Many save all of us. I hope we will conform

killed the fatted calf; you have traveled times I have said that because of the our lives to his teachings so that he can

over busy highways to call for me at dedicated men and women scattered help us to become perfect and one day the airport or at a railroad depot; you throughout the Church, this Church bring us back again into his presence.

have waited on us and extended to us can never fail. I trust our only concern We would not be happy to be in his

every courtesy. For these things, I ask is, "How far can we take it?"We have presence if we did not make every effort

the Lord to bless you, and I express my an excellent start and yet a long way to bring with us those we have learned appreciation for you. As I step aside to go. to know and love and appreciate and

is through him that we will return to the felt about the knee, "What this wonFather, for he has said: drous beast is like,"he said; "Is very

"... no man shall come unto the like a tree!"

Father but by me "(D&C 132:12.) The fifth who chanced to touch an

We have the promise and assurance ear, stated: "This marvel of an elethat after death, our earthly, mortal phant is very like a fan!"

body will be resurrected and become the The sixth in groping about, seized glorified tabernacle of our eternal spirit. the swinging tail. "I see,"quoth he,

Our Father in heaven is allwise and "The elephant is very like a rope!"

infinite. He is also a God of law and "And so these men of Indostan,

order. He has given to man a plan—the Disputed loud and long,

KEEPING ALL OF tionsgospelforplan,us to whichfollow furnishesin order toinstrucreturn EachExceedingin hisstiffownandopinion,strong, his presence. partly each to in the right, These instructions are Though wasGOD'S COMMANDMENTS

in the and are given wrong."And all were as commandments known

Henry D. Taylor to Everyus throughcommandmenthis servants,is importantthe prophets.and (John Godfrey Saxe.)

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve has been provided for a specific purpose. And thus it is with us and the gospel.

It is not logical to suppose that man may We catch a glimpse here and another the choose wishes he commandments there. Like the blind of Indostan, men is beautiful that sing a a hymnWe others. to ignore the observe and Note our form of impressions we the own It existfavorite of refers to mine. our expressed the has emphatically Lord how it gospel. its Yet has restored in been to this earth. prior toence coming this matter: himself on fulness, through and study prayer andSister Eliza poses author, the R. Snow, "If lovest serve shalt thou thou me me can obtain a we appreknowledge and in questions, very meaningful andsome (Ibid., all keep and commandments."my its ciation of beauty completeness. and asks: inaddressing Father our heaven Italics 42:29. added.) to return for brief a consideraNow I shall presence, regain thy 'When well that consider might keeping We tion of the Lord's commandments, face?"again thy behold And is a the "one package commandments in his keeping promise mind he when this the concludesShe with hymn deal."said:prayer: gospel contemplating plan, the In "I, Lord, the ye bound do when am I frail this existence; leave "When is possibility a that there however, we I I say; but what ye not do what when I this lay by, mortal When to attracted certain doctrines to be may say, promise."ye 82:10.) no have (D&C I Father, Mother, meet you may others. exclusion of the the beginning, very has From God In royal courts high? on your I years verses read ago some Many his children provided instructions with I've length, at completed Then when lasting a that impression upon me. made or gave commandments. he To Adam All to forth sent do; you me called, are Blind and "The They Men sacrifice. the of Sinai, law Mt. On approbation, your mutual With Elephant": the received the Moses Ten Commandments dwell Let you."with come and me

for Israel. of the children of Some Father") ("O My six "It of Indostan, was men tell these us to do; others what what his us, loves Father Heavenly Our inclined, learning much To still do. to not Today, to subscribe wechildren, desires will that each and see to the Elephant went Who those teachings as basic being bindand forreturn his presence, to has again he all blind,) of were them (Though us. ing upondeclared: observation each might by That to time years time through From the "... is this behold, and work my my satisfy his mind."other instructions important been have to pass bring immortality the first fall to againstglory—to the happening The given. life eternal of 1:39.)and (Moses man."side "the sturdy exclaimed: broad and

In order to attain this goal of immorelephant is very like a wall!"Frequently we hear the admonition:

tality, it was decreed that individuals The second feeling of the roundness, "Keep the commandments and you will privileged to come to this earth must smoothness, and sharpness of the tusk be blessed,"but there is more to it than pass through the experience of death. cried: "This wonder of an elephant is that. Specifically, what are these comBut God in his wisdom allowed his very like a spear!"mandments, the observance of which

Only Begotten Son in the flesh, Jesus The third happened to grasp the will bring us promised blessings? While

Christ, to suffer, bleed, and die on the squirming trunk in his hand. "I the list would be impressively lengthy,

cross to break the bands of death. see,"quoth he, "the elephant is very a few essential ones we mention:

Through his atoning sacrifice, Christ like a snake!"First: Love the Lord thy God with

became our Savior and Redeemer. It The fourth reached out his hand, and all thy heart, might, mind, and strength.

958 THE IMPROVEMENT, ERA even many yet that we do not know. Authorities that I am a better man as I have said a word. God bless everyone

The purpose of the Lord is to bring us leave this assignment because of them of you as you continue your great all back into his presence. He has given than I have ever been before. labors in the work, and may our Father

us the plan whereby this can be done. Tomorrow will be moving day for in heaven continue to bless these won-

I have a great testimony of the gospel. me. I must say goodbye to most of derful General Authorities.

I love the Church. Again, I say, I apyou now. Some of you I hope to see Many great men in the past have been

preciate every honor and every courtesy often. I thank the Lord for every choice released by death. I am released while

that has come to me. I would like to blessing I have had. I am still alive, and there is some adsay again to President McKay and his I have had to speak this way or I vantage to this. God bless you every

Counselors and to all of the General would have choked up and could not one in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

Love is one of the great attributes, of worthy to receive the priesthood and unclean tabernacle. Also keep the body

God and is the very essence of the gosshould then magnify it by gratefully strong by observing the Lord's law of pel of Jesus Christ. Love is a virtue accepting responsibilities that come, health, known as the Word of Wisdom.

that every person should earnestly strive which callings he neither covets nor To this list, brothers and sisters, you to develop. rejects, and in all his responsibilities he will want to add others.

Second: Next to loving God, we should be supported by his wife and As mortals we are weak. We have

should love our neighbor as ourselves family, standing loyally by his side. many frailties and imperfections, and

This anticipates that we will be honest Seventh: Search out the names of it may be difficult at first to obey all

in our dealings with our fellow man departed kinsman. As a proxy perform the commandments. But we should never

and not take unfair advantage but help ordinances in the house of the Lord for cease striving. Progress is doing better

him in every way possible. their salvation and exaltation. today than we did yesterday. Each of

Third: In order to keep ourselves Eighth: Recognize that "the earth is us should have as an objective the Savunspotted from the world, we should the Lord's, and the fulness thereof;..."ior's admonition:

go to the house of prayer on the Sabbath (Psalm 24:1.) Pay tithes and offerings "Be ye therefore perfect, even as your

day, partake of the Sacrament, renew as a token of appreciation for the good Father which is in heaven is perfect."

our covenants with the Lord, and rethings of the earth and for all other (Matthew 5:48.)

member our promise always to keep blessings we receive. As we become more perfect, we gain

his commandments. Ninth: Share the gospel and teach strength and willpower and thus it is

Fourth:"Prayerfully choose a suitable all who will hearken to its message. In easier to keep all of God's commandmate, go to the temple, the house of the this way every member will become a ments. When this is accomplished, we

Lord, to be married and sealed, not only missionary. are well on our way to happiness and

for time, but also for all eternity. Tenth: Provide for our own economic eternal life.

Fifth: Establish a home, multiply independence. Remember the poor and Happiness, peace, and contentment

and replenish the earth, rear a righteous needy and show concern for their welcan be ours. The Prophet Joseph Smith

family, set a proper example for a worthy fare. taught:

posterity and the whole world. Eleventh: Keep the body a sacred "Happiness is the object and design of

Sixth: All members of the Church temple for the Spirit of the Lord by our existence, and will be the end thereshould live righteously. By so doing being clean, chaste, and virtuous, realof, if we pursue the path that leads to

every male member will make himself izing that his spirit will not dwell in an it; and this path is virtue, uprightness,

faithfulness, holiness, and keeping all the commandments of God."(History

of the Church, Vol. V, pp. 134135;

italics added.)

The Prophet Alma also contributed this important truth:

"... wickedness never was happiness."2r- (Alma 41:10.)

If we keep all of God's commandments, we will enjoy a feeling of calmness, serenity, and strength. This will

serve as a bulwark to protect us against the winds and storms created by the tensions and uncertainties of present chaotic world conditions. We need not

wait until we get to heaven to obtain peace and happiness. We can have

heaven on earth, here and now.

May we all hearken to and observe the admonition of the ancient prophet who exclaimed:

"Let us hear the conclusion of the whole matter: Fear God, and keep his

commandments: for this is the whole

duty of man."(Ecclesiastes 12:13.)

For which I humbly pray in the name of Jesus Christ our Savior. Amen.

DECEMBER 1961 959 to carry on with the heavy responsibilieighteen months the LDS membership ties placed upon them. in the British Isles had increased from

Also, I wish to express my deep approximately 10,000 to 20,000, or nearly appreciation to those unselfish, dedicated double. Today, I am happy to report

mission presidents and their wives who that in these islands we had 1,197 bapBY THE WORD OF andare devotingenergy ineverydirectingminutetheof missionarytheir time tismsSeptember,in July;at the1,274presentin August;rate, weandwillin

THEIR TESTIMONY workthe lovein theirand devotionseveral missions.which theyTohavesee haveare baptizingover 1,400.in theThisBritishmeansIslesthatalonewe

for your sons and daughters who are enough people for four or five stakes

Nathan Eldon Tanner placed under their care and direction is each year.

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve most encouraging indeed. They could But more significant than this is the

not show a keener interest in their own fact that the church population there is children. The help and leadership which being increased at the rate of over 5

President McKay, President Moyle, Presthey give them will influence their lives percent each month, or over 60 percent ident Brown, President Smith, and my for years and years to come. each year throughout the whole of the

brethren and sisters, I thank my HeavenBrother Roy M. Darley, with his British Isles, while in some local areas

ly Father from the bottom of my heart organ recitals in the Hyde Park Chapel the increase is as high as 200 to 300 for my membership in his Church and in London, is making a great contribupercent in one year.

kingdom here upon the earth, for the tion to missionary work. In Franoe and the Netherlands the

priesthood which I hold, and for the Now, regarding that wonderful corps number of baptisms are also greatly honor arid call that, has come to me, of missionaries who are serving in these increased. It is not difficult to see that

which makes it possible for me to spend different missions, I am happy indeed a tremendous fellowshippirig program is my time in the service of the Lord, and to be able to report that they are really necessary, and I am happy to report that to associate with our beloved President, doing a marvelous work and a wonder in these wards and branches, though a prophet of God, David O. McKay, in the mission field. It is most encourmany of them are new members and

and these other inspired leaders who though the building facilities are most have been chosen by him to direct the inadequate, the people are accepting the activities of the Church and to lead us responsibility of trying to make the new in the paths of truth and righteousness. converts feel at home and a part of the

I am truly grateful for the opportunity church organization.

I have of attending this outstanding The building program necessary to conference with you, and partaking of provide the facilities for this great influx the spirit that is here, and to be inof members presents a real problem.

structed and encouraged by the wonder- I personally wish to congratulate the ful messages that we have heard. As I building committee and those fine men

stand before you, I feel more keenly who are directing the work on the than I have words to express my ground, on the very efficient way in inadequacy and humility and a need of, which they have organized their work and I humbly pray for, an interest in and their staffs to go forward with the your faith and prayers as I speak to program of starting a new building you today. every week.

As approximately one seventh of all I also wish to congratulate the memthe fulltime missionaries in the world bers in the stakes and missions on the are laboring in the West European very wonderful way in which they have

Mission, over which I have the honor responded to this building program and to preside, available includes the misand which labor missionaries in making M&teiSEfc.

Isles,sions British are of the France, and to assist wherever new buildings the Netherlands, and because we have being constructed.

in these missions young men and young President McKay, I am happy to tell women representing families, wards, and aging and inspiring to go from one you that the people there are responding stakes from all parts of Canada and the mission to another and hear those debeautifully to your call and slogan,

United States, I feel that I should make voted missionaries bear their testimonies "Every Member A Missionary,"first, by a brief report of their activities, the work to one another and give their reports striving to live lives worthy of example, that is being done, and the progress that and experiences which they have had in and second, by opening their homes for is being made in those areas. teaching the gospel to the world. They group teaching and inviting their friends

First, I should like to congratulate are certainly to be congratulated on and neighbors and associates in to hear those devoted stake and ward officers their enthusiasm, dedication, and their the gospel.

and the people in the five stakes in success as they go forward in their I should like to tell you of some of the

England and Holland on the fine work proselyting efforts. experiences and observations that Sister

that they are doing and the progress that To see how humble they are, and yet Tanner and I had in September as we is being made. I wish to acknowledge how fearless and determined, reminds met with the Saints in the stake and

the presence of, and welcome here today, one of Paul as he stood in chains before district conferences in the capitals and representatives of the stake presidencies, King Agrippa. Defending himself, he some of the larger cities in England,

of the bishoprics, and stake Relief Socireplied to the accusations of Festus, France, Germany, the Netherlands, and ety presidents, who are here from those "I am not mad, most noble Festus, but Belgium which I feel are significant and stakes, also President and Sister Boyer speak forth the words of truth and soberwhich helped to strengthen our testiof the London Temple. I am sure that ness"(Acts 26:25), always with the hope monies and helped us to appreciate

they, as the rest of us, will enjoy the that those who hear might accept their probably more than ever before our free spirit of this great conference and return message. The results of their efforts are agency and our membership in this

to their wards and stakes with a keener evident throughout the mission. great Church.

desire and determination and ability In April I reported that in the previous. First, we found that wherever we went,

960 THE IMPROVEMENT KRA regardless of country or city or language, of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints. individual members of the Church

there was the same sweet spirit of devo- I should like to deal briefly with three throughout the world. It is their testition and willingness to accept office or four of the fundamentals in the testimony also that the Book of Mormon,

and give service in the Church. As we mony of a Latterday Saint. These which was translated by the power of

interviewed'the men in these cities for testimonies include essential points of God, is a divinely inspired record of office, we told them they would be rethe message now being taken by the God's dealings with the early inhabitants quired to live up to the standards of the missionaries to the world. First, that of the people on the American Continent,

Church, that it would require much of the Godhead is composed of God the and that it is the word of God, and as their time, and that the responsibilities Eternal Father and his Son Jesus Christ recorded on the flyleaf of the Book of were heavy and would require sacrifice and the Holy Ghost, and it is their Mormon, it is "Written by way of comon their part. testimony that God the Eternal Father mandment, and also by the spirit of

All of them, though they knew that and his Son Jesus Christ are Living prophecy and of revelation—... to the

there was no remuneration but a great Beings of flesh and bones and spirit, convincing of the Jew and Gentile that that of reindeal work, image and Christ, hard only made, whose had the one is the Eternal we are Jesus God, "....."that "I the so loved best, world, to he willing allsponse: nations.. God himself manifesting unto am do my

but am I worthy?"Where in all the gave his only begotten Son, that whosoThis message is a message of peace,

world, outside of this Church, can you ever believeth in him should not perish, the plan of life and salvation, which is find this kind of dedication? It is but have everlasting life"(John 3:16), the message to all the world, to accept

evident that the members of the Church that Jesus Christ is the Savior of the Christ as the Savior of the world and are being prepared to accept and follow world who gave his life that all manhim crucified and to follow the admonithe admonition of James wherein he kind may be saved and by obedience tion of Peter: "Repent, and be baptized

said, "... be ye doers of the word, and to the laws and ordinances of the gospel every one of you in the name of Jesus

not hearers only, deceiving your own work out their own salvation and exaltaChrist for the remission of sins, and ye selves."(fames 1:22.) | tion; that God the Father and his Son shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost."

Secondly, we observed that the memJesus Christ both appeared in person (Acts 2:38.)

bers, when speaking to one another and spoke to and instructed Joseph This is the reason there are 9,000 and when addressing the people in meetyoung missionaries, ranging. in ages

ings, referred to them,'as they do all mostly from nineteen to twentytwo over the Church, as brothers and sisters. years out in the world, receiving no

This too was very significant. What remuneration, paying their own expenses

a grand and glorious feeling it is to at a cost of more than $800,000 each know that you are really brothers and month, or approximately ten million sisters, spirit children of God, who are dollars each year, or twenty million for interested in one another and enjoy the the two to two and a half years they fine feeling of love and brotherhood and are in the mission field. While in the

oneness in the Church wherever you field they will have contributed over are, regardless of whether you have 18,000 missionary years. They will

known one another before or not. As have sacrificed 18,000 man years of

the Lord has said, "I say unto you, be schooling or otherwise productive life one; and if ye are not one ye are not to teach the restored gospel, which is

mine."(D&C 38:27.) the plan of life and salvation, and to

The third observation we made, and bring souls unto Christ.

which is also significant and important This is a service of love, with no to the members of the Church, is that thought of financial gain, but with an all speakers concluded <their reports and unselfish desire on the part of these talks by bearing their testimonies, all of devoted young missionaries and their which were essentially the same. As parents who sacrifice so much to serve

Sister Tanner and I are unable to underGod and their fellow men.

stand or speak the language of any of The struggle in the world today and the countries on the European Contithe threat of nuclear war would be nent, we have to arrange for someone Smith; that Joseph Smith was chosen averted tomorrow and peace would

not only to translate what we say to as a Prophet of God and that the priestreign upon the earth if the people in the congregation, but also to sit behind hood was restored by John the Baptist the world would accept this message.

us and give us a running commentary and by Peter, James, and John upon the The conflict in the world which of what is being said by the local heads of Joseph Smith and Oliver threatens the free agency and life of people. > Cowdery; that this priesthood is the every individual is a continuation of

While in Brussels we had an interestpower of God delegated to man to act the war in heaven, where Satan was deing experience when the district and in his name, and that it is now in the termined to take away our free agency, branch presidents were giving their reChurch and is the authority by which God's greatest gift to rrtan.

ports. After two or three had spoken, all ordinances are performed in the As we read in the scriptures: "...

and another was concluding, the man name of Jesus Christ; that the gospel because that Satan rebelled against me,

who was sitting there translating for us has been restored, and that the true and sought to destroy the agency of said, "He is now bearing his testimony."Church of Jesus Christ is established; man, which I, the Lord God, had given

And he said no more. For the speakers that this Church is an organization him, and also, that I should give unto

who followed he did the same thing. similar in all essentials to the primitive him mine own power; by the power of

This made me very conscious of the fact Church set up by Christ among the mine Only Begotten, I caused that he that the testimonies borne by members Jews with apostles and prophets, pastors should be cast down;

anywhere in the Church, regardless of and teachers, evangelists, etc.; and that "And he became Satan, yea, even the

who they are, or where they come from, we have a prophet at the head of our devil, the father of all lies, to deceive state or imply certain fundamental and Church today through whom the Lord and to blind men, and to lead them significant truths, and that testimony speaks and directs his people. captive at his will, even >as many as

bearing itself is peculiar to the Church This is the testimony of these would not hearken unto my voice."

DECEMBER 1961 961 (Moses 4:3-4.) conditions and the way of life in a who can go and come as they wish and

"Wherefore, he maketh war with the divided city where the East is under who are joyously and actively engaged saints of God, and encompasseth them the domination of a dictator where man in building and other industrial deround about."(D&C 76:29.) has been robbed of his freedom and is velopment. While in the East under

This was so evident to me as we were now a slave of the state, and the other the domination of man, you see very in Berlin to organize a stake there. I part of the city where he still enjoys few people on the streets, a very limited

took the opportunity of going into East much of his freedom. In the West, number of cars, a drablooking city with

Berlin, as a tourist may if he has his the stores, the streets with their bright ruins on all sides, and the people with proper papers. Here we have an outlights, the cars, the hotels, and beautian attitude of despondence, despair,

standing example of the contrast of ful parks are all bustling with people and defeatism, knowing that they are

days of the week. The Apostle Paul, "'... and all the sons of God shouted

writing to those called to be "saints"at for joy."(Job 38:7.)

Corinth stated: Peter, in his epistle, speaking of the

"Whether therefore ye eat, or drink, appearance of Jesus Christ, said:

all to the glory "... though now ye see him not, yetAN EVERYDAY or whatsoever ye do, do

RELIGION of IfGod."such (1littleCor. things10:31.) as eating and believing,able and fullye rejoiceof glory:"with (1joyPeterunspeak-1:8.)

drinking are to be done to the glory of There is nothing sad or gloomy about

Howard W. Hunter God, how much more important it must a person who accepts the truths of the

of the Council of the Twelve be that all of our thoughts, the words gospel and incorporates these principles we speak, or acts, conduct, dealings with in his daily living. God wants all of

neighbors, business transactions, and all his children to be joyous and glad, and

There is a growing concept among men of our everyday affairs, be in harmony we can have this blessing if we are of the world that religion is something with our religious beliefs. In the words willing to keep his commandments and

reserved for the Sabbath day, or for the of Paul, "whatsoever ye do, do all to live by his word in all that we do. Thus

hour spent in places of worship or in the glory of God."(Idem.) Can we living one's religion must apply to

prayer. Men distinguish between the therefore eliminate religion from our temporal affairs as much as it does to

everyday affairs that occupy their minds weekday affairs and relegate it to the those things which we think of as and direct their activities in the busy Sabbath day only? Surely not, if we spiritual.

business world, and those things within follow Paul's admonition. There are some who ask why the

the realm of theology. "Don't mix reReligion can be part of our daily work, Church is concerned with temporal

ligion with business,"some say. Can our business, our buying and selling, affairs. The Church is interested in the

religion be eliminated from the affairs building, transportation, manufacturing, welfare of each of its members. This

of everyday living? our trade or profession, or of anything interest therefore cannot be limited to

As Christians, I suppose we could dewe do. We can serve God by honesty man's spiritual needs alone but extends

fine religion as a belief in God and a and fair dealing in our business transto every phase of his life. Social and

devotion to him, which belief stimulates actions in the same way we do in Suneconomic needs are important to every- a love for God and a desire to serve day worship. The true principles of one. Man also has need for physical,

him. Christianity cannot be separate and mental, and moral guidance. Our lives

James said, apart from business and our everyday cannot be onesided, nor can we separate "If any man among you seem to be affairs. the spiritual from the temporal. The

religious, and bridleth not his tongue, Religion is often regarded as opposed Lord has said:

but deceiveth his own heart, this man's to pleasure, but God's reason for creating "Wherefore, verily I say unto you that religion is vain. man is that he might have joy. all things unto me are spiritual, and

"Pure religion and undefiled before "Adam fell that men might be; and not at any time have I given unto you

God and the Father is thisf, To visit the men are, that they might have joy."a law which was temporal; neither any

fatherless and widows in their affliction, (2 Nephi 2:25.) man, nor the children of men; neither

and to keep himself unspotted from the There is no reason why joy should be Adam, your father, whom I created.

world."(James 1:2627.) turned outof-doors before religion can "Behold, I gave unto him that he

In other words, religion is more than come in. Many people think of a reshould be an agent unto himself; and

a knowledge of God or a confession of ligious person as one with a sad counte- I gave unto him commandment, but no faith, and it is more than theology. nance and draped in black, but this is temporal commandment gave I unto

Religion is the doing of the word of not so. When the angel of the Lord him, for my commandments are spiritGod. It is being our brother's keeper, appeared to the shepherds to announce ual; they are not natural nor temporal,

among other things. To keep unspotted the birth of the Savior, he said: neither carnal nor sensual."(D&C

from the world does not mean that one "... Fear not: for, behold, I bring you 29:3435.)

must withdraw from all association with good tidings of great joy, which shall The Lord makes no distinction bethe world, but rather to keep away be to all people."(Luke 2:10.) tween temporal and spiritual commandfrom the evils of the world; or as more Christ, himself, said: ments, for he has said that all of his

beautifully put in one of our hymns, "... I am come that they might have commandments are spiritual. When we

"Freedom from earth stains."life, and that they might have it more understand the plan of life and salvaWe can be religious in worship on abundantly."(John 10:10.) tion, this becomes evident to us.

the Sabbath day, and we can be reJoy existed in the preexistence before Mortality'is just one part of our eternal ligious in our duties on the other six the foundations of the earth were laid, life.

962 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA at the beck and call of a foreign antihimself a Christian, and particularly peace in the world and peace in our

Christ dictator with policemen and for every member of the Church of lives.

soldiers on every side to see that they Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, and I plead with you, everyone, wherever do as they are told and that they canmore particularly for every holder of the you may be, to accept Christ as the not escape. Why? Is it because they priesthood of God, to take a firm stand Savior of the world and to go forward

are so happy and prosperous and conand a determined stand against evil. It as champions of our Heavenly Father

tented with conditions there? is my testimony to you, my brothers and and his cause and keep his commandSatan is at work, my brethren and sisters, wherever you may be, that God ments that we may enjoy his Spirit to

sisters. Our freedom is at stake. It is has given us the solution to our probbe with us at all times, in the name of

the responsibility of everyone who calls lems, the plan by which we can enjoy Jesus Christ. Amen.

We know where we came from. Holy Church demonstrates this principle. The family living. Parents have the responsiwrit tells us that we were born the Church is interested in our social and bility to live these principles and teach

spiritual children of our Heavenly our recreational needs, educational, famthem to their children. Religion must

Father, that we dwelt with him in a ily life, our business affairs, and all that be part of our living. The gospel of

spiritual existence before our birth into we do. Jesus Christ must become the motivatmortality. The divine object of our There is no way we can separate the ing influence in all that we do. There

coming to earth is to obtain a body of activities of worship on the Sabbath day must be more striving within in order flesh and bones, to learn by the experifrom the many pursuits of the weekto follow the great example set by the ences which come to us in this mortal day by calling one religious and the Savior if we are to become more like life the difference between good and other temporal. Both are spiritual. God him. This becomes our great challenge.

evil, and to accomplish those things has ordained them thus, for they consist Our daily prayer might well be stated which the Lord commanded. Thus this of our thoughts and actions as we wend in the words of the hymn:

life is the schoolroom of our journey our way through this part of eternity.

through eternity. There is work to Thus our business transactions, our "More holiness give me,

do and lessons to learn that we might daily labors, our trade or profession, or More strength to o'ercome;

prepare and qualify ourselves to go into whatever we do become part of living More freedom from earth stains, the spiritual existence to follow. the gospel. More longing for home;

Man distinguishes between the temThis imposes upon us a high duty More fit for the kingdom, poral and the spiritual, probably beand a high responsibility. If all men More used would I be;

cause living in mortality between the would live in obedience to these princiMore blessed and holy, spiritual preexistence and the spiritual ples in their daily lives and in their More, Savior, like thee."

life hereafter, he fails to recognize the dealings with each other, and if this full significance of his activities during same code would prevail among those I witness that Jesus is the Christ, the the years he spends on earth. To the who are in leadership among the peoples Savior of the world. If only we could

Lord everything is both spiritual and and nations of the world, righteousness catch the vision and conform our lives temporal, and the laws he gives are would prevail, peace would return, and to his teachings, we would find that joy consequently spiritual, because they the blessings of the Lord would be which has been promised to us. In

concern spiritual beings. showered down upon his children. whatever we eat or drink, or whatever

Every phase of our life, therefore, Righteous living must start in the we do, may it all be done to the glory becomes the concern of the Church. lives of individuals. Each of us has the of God I humbly pray, in the name of

The great welfare program of the duty. It must be incorporated into Jesus Christ. Amen.

PRACTICE AND FULFILMENT

BY ZELDA DAVIS HOWARD

I cloud my days with tactless words, and errors-

I have wished oh so many, many times,

That I might live one life just for practice, and

Another one, after I have learned my lines.

Deep gratitude has ever filled, my being,

As God has given me another day,

Another chance to try to make amends for

All my wrongs, and mistakes of yesterday.

DECEMBER 1961 963 Sunday Afternoon Session, ing the commandments, it causes my vain and foolish doctrines,..."(2 NeOctober 1, 1961 heart to sadden. It causes me to want phi 28:8-9.)

to do all I can to help change that conIt seems to me that the principle dition. I strongly desire that all Lattertheme of this conference has been obeday Saints work out their eternal exaldience to God's commandments. I have

tation now while the opportunity is a strong feeling in my heart this afterours. noon to say something to cause some of

keepof the importance recognize to It in the do us Church seems that many present at the ing commandments God's gospel. do not the appreciate TheyKEEP GODS not

is fours.COMMANDMENTS NOW realize that if they attain the greatest time, while the opportunity

amount of joy in this life and eternal I remember that a few years before a to died, he came President Grant they to must come, life the world inMilton R. Hunter

said.and day is conference one life our general faithful This now. Council of the Seventy proveof the First for conhis preparing mind serve that while to chance our Yes, opportunity.

God is now! Today is the day for us ference he had wondered what great

Latterday the to give could blessing he put cannot to to prepare God. meet We sisters, are brethren and dear weMy thing good what Saints. on pondered it world. He off until the next I of the great in age Church.living a

refor he then them. And do could he looking ago, Nephi, years 2,500 Some Ithrill the trementhink about when the of inspiration the "Under marked, time, of saw stream the through down is place, and that taking growthdous

I with conference to it have Lord come extenabout prophesied and our day the develon I meditateespecially when com- 'Keep idea, God's simple last the one days in the that said sively. He of various church phases of theopment "

to mandments!'proceed of would heaven God and the growthactivity. unusual This

Saints think that Latterday a and Many work forth marvelous a bring primarily place taken hasdevelopment fail marriage, reject temple the they can and this work described wonder. He Presisince years past fewduring the

dent David O. McKay became leader great effect it would have upon the to pay their tithes and offering, commit

of the Church. people of the world. various sins here in mortality and that

chance another will to make they have that also proclaimed many Nephi said Moyle D. Henry As President

I to come. in the life this all of not up would in our day members cut Church has stone been truly theyesterday,

out of the mountain without hands, and be faithful. He said that they would desire to emphasize the point that now

it is destined to roll forth and fill the be influenced by the Evil One; that is the time for members of the Church

to Saints of Latterday of Christ dragged Jesus and deceived be would they 2:3435, 45.) (See earth. Danielwhole

all Master's to of the obedience of Nephi's render to hell. Let me read one down the and Church throughout travel As I

It is that required ordinances. laws and statements: the presidencies, stake the withmeet

other officers, and the people in general "And there shall also be many which we keep God's commandments now, beof the various stakes, I thrill with their shall say: Eat, drink, and be merry; cause we have taken upon ourselves

devotion. Thousands and thousands of nevertheless, fear God—he will justify the name of Christ. We are members

them have an eye single to the glory of in committing a little sin; yea, lie a of his Church, and so we are having

God and to the upbuilding of the kinglittle, take the advantage of one because our opportunity to render obedience to dom. They bear solemn testimonies of his words, dig a pit for thy neighbor; all of his commandments how. We

that Jesus is the Christ and that this is there is no harm in this; and do all should perform our own ordinances in

his true Church. I marvel how devoted these things, for tomorrow we die; and the temple and keep all of the Lord's

to the cause of righteousness many Latif it so be that we are guilty, God will commandments while the day lasts, terday Saints are. beat us with a few stripes, and at last because for us the night may come

would work. That we cannot I shall be saved in the kingdom of wherein look at we hand, the other when On

not proved had be terrible if we stakes obvarious and God. of the reports the

serve how many members have their "Yea, and there shall be many which faithful.

names on the records who are not keepshall teach after this manner, false and In the account of the grand council of

having heard the prayers which have ago. It has been refreshing and stimubeen so fervently offered, and hearing lating to me and certainly very enalso the stirring sermons which have lightening, even though it has been

been delivered, and having felt the read and referred to many times over spirit of all meetings in this conference, the years.

I have been led to say in my own heart, Elder Pratt, in writing his analysis

READ THE BOOK "Surely this is the marvelous work and of this latterday scripture, makes this

OF MORMON wonderSeven spokenor eightof bymonthsIsaiah agothe prophet."President truestatement:or false."TheIf true,book itmustis onebe ofeitherthe

Joseph Fielding Smith in speaking to most important messages ever sent from

Alma Sonne the General Authorities of the Church God. If false, it is one of the most

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve suggested that each one of them read cunning, wicked, bold, deeplaid imthe Book of Mormon during the year. positions ever pawned on the world."

Like many others, I began the reading. Many people during this year are

President McKay, brethren and sisters, I have almost finished it. At the same reading the Book of Mormon. Many

after having listened to the music durtime I also read Orson Pratt's treatise have read it in the past, and many will ing these conference sessions, and after on the book as he wrote it many years read it in the future. It was given

964 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA heaven \ye read: "And there stood one 12:34), and, "For as he thinketh in his side our plates and left quickly.

among them that was like unto God, heart, so is he:..."(Proverbs 23:7.) I said to the welfare man, "I am not

and he said unto those who were with And so the Lord's judgment will be going to leave this coffee beside our him: We will go down, for there is based upon law. We shall receive explates while we eat."

space there, and we Mill take of these actly what we merit. We read in the He replied, "We could push them

materials, and we will make an earth Doctrine and Covenants: aside a little distance from our plates,

whereon these may dwell; "There is a law, irrevocably decreed in and I think it will be okay."

"And we will prove them herewith, heaven before the foundations of this The waitress returned about then. I

to see if they will do all things whatsoworld, upon which all blessings are asked her to remove the coffee, stating ever the Lord their God shall command predicatedthat we had not ordered it. No sooner

them,..."(Abraham 3:2425.) "And when we obtain any blessing had she got away from the table with

it is to that obedience of coffee from God, by door law the the cups than two Thus, in beginning—even

it is predicated."in presistake the which upon opened walked and (D&C spiritthe were informed that inworld—wethe very

mortality was to be a state of probation, 130:2021.) dent of the Portland Stake. He spied

a proving ground, to see if we would As we learned in the Mutual theme a us immediately, came over and sat down keep all of God's commandments. That few years ago, the Lord also said: by us, and conversed with us all the

same idea was verified in a modern "I, the Lord, am bound when ye do time while we ate breakfast.

revelation through the Prophet Joseph what I say; but when ye do not what I When we got back on the train, the

Smith to the Latterday Saints. Jesus say, ye have no promise."(Ibid., 82:10.) welfare man said, "My, that was a narChrist, our Lord, declared: I think, my brothers and sisters, that row escape. If we had had that coffee

"And I now give unto you a commandwe should not only avoid committing on the table, we could not have conment to beware concerning yourselves, sins, but we should also avoid doing vinced that stake president that we had to give diligent heed to the words of things that appear to be sinful. not ordered it and that we had not ineternal life. When I was a young man, I heard tended to drink it."

"For you shall live by every word a good woman say several times, "Don't Brothers and sisters, all of us who that proceedeth forth from the mouth do anything wrong. Don't do anything are members of the Church of Jesus

Christ of to Latterday Saints appears that be wrong."even entered haveof 84:4344.) God."(D&C

into a course, at that covenant I thought that time to with keep the Lord Of little later another revelation came A to the Prophet which warned the Saints that statement was somewhat foolish; all of his commandments now while

as follows: but as I have become older and have obhere in mortality. In the words of the

"For if you will that I give unto you served human nature, I have come to Preacher:

a place in the celestial world, you must know that the example we set causes "Let us hear the conclusion of the prepare yourselves by doing the things many people to do wrong. Our example whole matter: Fear God, and keep his

which I have commanded you and remay also cause them to do right. And commandments: for this is the whole

quired of you."{Ibid., 78:7.) so now I think that that statement is a duty of man.

Jesus Christ is the great Lawgiver and very wise one. "For God shall bring every work

Judge. He is the one that will give us Let me illustrate with a little perinto judgment, with every secret thing,

our rewards and blessings for righteoussonal experience. A few years ago, whether it be good, or whether it be

ness, and, on the other hand, withhold accompanied by a welfare man, I was evil."(Ecclesiastes 12:1314.)

blessings Or give us the punishments for on the way to Seattle to a stake con- I humbly pray that as members of failing to live righteous lives. He judges ference. The train stopped at Portland the true Church, we will strive hard

on a very fair basis by eternal law. He for the passengers to eat breakfast. As we "to do justly, to love mercy, and to walk

cares not whether one is rich or poor, ordered our breakfast, as usual the waithumbly with our God."(See Micah

bond or free, male or female. ress asked if we would care for coffee. 6:8); and after mortal life has closed,

Jesus judges by what is in one's heart: Of course, as always, we replied, "No, may we find a glorious home prepared

"... for out of the abundance of the thank you."But when she brought the for us in his mansion on high.

heart the mouth speaketh,"(Matt. breakfast, she set two cups of coffee beIn the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

to the world through Joseph Smith the Eternal God who manifests himself the name of Jesus Christ regarding the the Prophet when he was a young man to all nations. reliability and the trustworthiness of

in his early twenties. The Prophet was I It is and always has been a builder of the message it contains, directed as it

a humble man. He was unlearned in faith and a converter of souls. Its power is to the Jews, the Gentiles, and the

the arts, the sciences, and literature of iii these respects is marvelous and beremnant of the Nephite race.

the world. At the same time he laid yond the understanding of the unUnder that procedure they will reno claim whatever to any literary power believing and those who "are wise in ceive a testimony as to its sanctity and

or ability. The book was not produced their own eyes and prudent in their own authenticity which is stronger and

as a result of prolonged preparation or sight."A humble approach to its readmightier than all the arguments of

any studious effort such as the writing ing is necessary. cynics and skeptics. No one has found

of a book would entail. It is in perfect Readers of the book are left with anything that nullifies the testimony of

harmony with the Bible teachings. It God's help to determine its value, its the three witnesses to this sacred volume.

contains a similar message and emphadivinity, and its truthfulness. They are Their testimonies still stand. Not a

sizes the same truths. No book was ever nqt asked to consult with the scholars single thing has been brought to light,

written with a higher and a nobler or the recognized men of learning as not a single thing to discredit their purpose. Its aim is to teach the Jew to its validity. They are cautioned, howsolemn declaration. It was challenged,

and the Gentile that Jesus is the Christ, ever, to ask God the Eternal Father in as you may know and surmise, and the

DECEMBER 1961 965 integrity of the witnesses was quesThese were the words of the Master, tized after a long period on the outside.

tioned. Their characters were assailed, but these witnesses never wavered in His numerous testimonies to his neighand they were accused of being in coltheir testimony. They left the Church bors and friends are a vindication

lusion with a wicked pretender and a and were unfriendly to the Prophet. against the charges that he had denied

false prophet. They were excommunicated at a time his testimony.

It has always been so and naturally when the Church needed their support. David Whitmer, disgruntled and diswas expected, for the world is full of There is something dramatic about appointed, did not return. He claimed

doubters and cynics. Jesus knew this Oliver Cowdery's return to the Church. the Church had left him; that he had

when he talked to Nicodemus. "We The day he came back the fortunes of not left the Church. He evidently lacked

speak that we do know,"said Jesus, the Church were at their lowest ebb. humility which is required of faithful

"and testify that we have seen; and ye The people were outcast and had been members of the Church. His last act

receive not our witness. driven from their homes and possessions. was to reconfirm his testimony and to

"If I have told you earthly things, Fully repentant, Oliver Cowdery was rebuke those who had accused him of and ye believe not, how shall ye believe, baptized and entered the Church as a being unfaithful to the written docuif I tell you of heavenly things?"(John humble member. ment which he had signed. He executed

3:1112.) Martin Harris returned and was bapan affidavit on his deathbed to silence

and sisters, it would be neither approworld that is reluctant to accept him.

priate nor desirable for me to speak at "I stand all amazed at the love Jesus length. I wish merely to share briefly offers me."I am subdued by the confiwith you some of the feelings of my dence of the Lord's Prophet in me, and

heart. by the expressed love of these, my

"I GIVE YOU Sister Romney told me yesterday brethren, beside whom I feel like a

MY TESTIMONY"oneafternoonto be thatsustainedshe knewbecausethat ofI wasthe theaphelp;pigmy.andI Iprayprayforforstrength;the faithI prayand thefor

pearance of my eyes when she talked will to be obedient. I think that I

Gordon B. Hinckley with me yesterday morning. I confess need—and I feel that all of us need

of the Council of the Twelve that I have wept and prayed. discipline, if this great work is to roll

I think I feel some sense of the burden forward as it is ordained to do.

of this responsibility to stand as a wit- I expressed three and a half years

My beloved leaders, my dear brethren ness of the Lord Jesus Christ before a ago when I stood here my appreciation

their hearts they were murderers. Then their own thoughts.

he reminded them of the times which This "feeling"comes to all who will the Lord had tried to impress them in hear. One's first experience in this

these words: likely is akin to those of all converts to

WHEN THE unto"Ye you;have seenyea, anyeangel,haveandheardhe spakehis Moronithe Churchsaid. whenHe toldtheythemreadthat whatafter

SPIRIT SPEAKS voicespokenfromuntotimeyou toin atime;still andsmallhevoice;"hath theywouldhadask heardGod theythese wouldthings, knowif theyof

—and this is the part I would like to their truth. (Moroni 10:4.) I believeS. Dilworth Young have you hear—"but ye were past feelthat James was referring to this fundaof the First Council of the Seventy ing, that ye could not feel his mental truth when he wrote these

words;..."(1 Nephi 17:45.) words, "If any of you lack wisdom, let

I used to wonder why Nephi didn't him ask of God,..."(James 1:5.) The

Yesterday Elder Marion G. Romney say "hear his words."Now I know that Prophet Joseph, reading, was impressed

mentioned the matter of the Holy Spirit one doesn't hear them with his ears, to go to the woods and pray. Anybody

and said that one does not hear it with as Brother Romney said. But into a who cannot learn to hear by feeling

his ears. May I read to you a verse of person's mind there come words. These will not go very far in the Church, in

scripture which verifies that. Nephi was seem to be his own words, but with the my humble opinion, for I believe that

rebuking his two brothers who were Spirit upon him, are not his words. to be the way the majority of us know

intent upon killing him as they jourWith these words comes a feeling. One if these things are true.

neyed toward the Promised Land. He actually feels the words, just as Nephi By that Spirit which whispers in my

reminded them that they thought to said. These brothers had lost that feelsoul, and which I feel with my heart

murder his father, but also their intent ing, and therefore could not detect and my feelings at the same time, the was to murder him, and therefore in words given by the Spirit as apart from knowledge of which rings constantly in

966 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA those who had questioned his integrity. ately fabricated that volume and gave The Book of Mormon especially is a

But the book itself is the best evidence it to the world as scripture, he was strong indictment against every sin in of its divinity. If the book is a fraud* unworthy of the confidence of all good every form. I beg of you, brethren and

Joseph Smith knew it. There could be men. Of all men he would be the most sisters, to read the book; and as you go

no question in his mind about its being deceptive and the most dishonest. He home following this conference, open

fraudulent or genuine. He had the would be a stranger to every divine and the sacred volume and read it slowly

answer. Thousands have read it and holy impulse. By every law of affinity and prayerfully, chapter by chapter,

have come away with the same testihis mind would be darkened by his until it is finished, and, if you will do mony which he and the others gave. evil designs. God's Spirit would depart so, God will bless you. He will strengthNot a single logical explanation has from him. No heavenly inspiration or en your testimony. He will increase your

been offered to discredit the claim of enlightenment could emanate from one faith, and he will bless you in your the Prophet and his associates. The book so bad, but his scriptural productions, devotion to the great cause for which we

still stands as a divine record, unmarred every one, emphasize moral and spiritual all stand.

by the attacks of critics, most of whom values. They are warnings against May you and I be faithful in all

were insincere and untrustworthy. wrongdoing. They are confirmations of things I pray in the name of Jesus

If Joseph Smith wilfully and deliberBible teachings. Christ. Amen.

for the name which I bear [Bryant S. Lord of all,"if we have the will to Christ, the Savior of the world, our

Hinckley, his father], which has come discipline ourselves with that restraint Redeemer, the Author of our salvation, from faithful forebears, who gave much which comes of true testimony. the Prince of Peace.

and received little that I might receive I would like to say that this cause is I give you my testimony that this is much while giving little. either true or false. Either this is the true. It is not false. Our detractors

I was moved this morning as the choir kingdom of God, or it is a sham and a may debate theology, but they cannot sang that great anthem, "Crown Him delusion. Either Joseph talked with the refute this testimony which has come

Lord of All."The unity, the harmony, Father and the Son, or he did not. If by the power of the Holy Ghost into

and the discipline of this choir always he did not, we are engaged in blasmy heart and into your hearts, and impress me. Now, my brethren and phemy. If he did, we have a duty from which I solemnly declare this day as I

sisters, God has written the score which which none of us can shrink—to declare express unto you my appreciation for

we are to perform. Our prophet is our to the world the living reality of the your sustaining hands and hearts, in

director. With effort and with harmony God of the universe, the Father of us the name of the Lord Jesus Christ.

we can stir the world and "crown him all; and of his Son, the Lord Jesus Amen.

my whole being, I know that Joseph WINTER WORD of received his revelationsSmith many feelBY GILEAN DOUGLAS means.by that whispered By that

ing, too, I know that he was a prophet of that President the Living God and is likewise of the There must be a strange white word for this, a prophetMcKay

Living God. I would ask only one Slow as the flakes which enchant the air

thing, that each of us as we leave this conference ask ourselves if during any With their languid dance and their clinging kiss of these meetings, we felt in our hearts And their veils cast off for the hills to wear.

the whispering, and had the words form as the whispering minds into our beDeep as the drifting by wood and stone feeling, the message came andcame clearly into our minds that the speaker And deep enough to rebury spring, is truly. true docspokenhas "That

it Soft as a sigh or the muted tone trine. to us,"truth speaking He is

tries to say. Of the glissade's sibilant whispering.

To me this conference has been filled with that type of thing. I am proud Still as the rivers glacial trance,

to be a member of the Church. I am

delighted to have the opportunity of As the great fir heavy with snow and night;

I that testimony bearing know my these For the vapored breath and the wintered glance it in true, things are and I do the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. There must be a word that is strange and white.

DECEMBER 1961 967 is being fulfilled, my brothers and sisters, In Charlottesville, Virginia, as an exand the Lord is pouring out his Spirit ample, one of our good sisters who

THE AMAZING inuponjustalltheflesh.last Ifewcanmonths.notice the difference workedfive womenat a shebakerywas decidedworkingtowithask thethe

said all of questions, to golden In and them a vision manifested Joseph Smith about like to the Prophet moreGROWTH the they would Cowdery, and Oliver know

OF THE CHURCH heavens were opened, and Moses apthe Church. She invited them to a

peared and committed unto them the series of group meetings in her home to

Franklin D. Richards keys of the gathering of Israel from the hear the missionaries, and four of the

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve fourwitnessquartersto you ofthatthethis,earth.the Dispen-I bear fivebaptizedwomenintogainedthe Church.a testimony and were

sation of the Fulness of Times, is The fulltime, stake, and district misPresident McKay, President Moyle, Presindeed the time of gathering. sionaries will work with you, with the

ident Brown, President Smith, and all When the Angel Moroni first visited special assignment to teach the gospel.

of you wonderful brothers and sisters the Prophet Joseph, he quoted from the All the missionaries throughout the and friends, I approach this responsibilsecond chapter of Joel: "And it shall Church are using the simple, uniform

ity and assignment with a humble come to pass afterward, that I will pour plan. This program assists them in

heart, and I pray that our Father in out my spirit upon all flesh."(See developing greater spirituality, the attiheaven will bless me with his Spirit that Joseph Smith 2:41; Joel 2:28.) Moroni tude of success, and a good knowledge

I might be able to say something that told the Prophet that this was not yet of the gospel and the teaching plan.

will be helpful in building the kingdom fulfilled but would be soon. I am conThrough this preparation, missionaries

of God. fident, my brothers and sisters, that this are endowed with great power.

At the last conference, I spoke to you prophecy is now being fulfilled. Heretofore a large part of the missionabout the amazing growth and developThe Lord has told us, "And ye are ary's time has been spent in finding

ment of the Church. At that time I called to bring to pass the gathering of people to teach. Now more of the

suggested that each of you accept Presimine elect; for mine elect hear my voice missionary's time is being spent in

dent McKay's challenge that every and harden not their hearts."(D&C teaching because the members are findmember be a missionary. To do this I 29:7.) ing those that are interested and in

proposed that we ask our friends and As the Savior instructed: "Go ye into many instances bringing them together

neighbors the two golden questions, all the world, and preach the gospel to into groups to be taught by the mission- "What do you know about the Mormon every creature. ary. This method is bringing into the

Church?"and "Would you like to know "He that believeth and is baptized Church many more converts.

more?"shall be saved; but he that believeth Everything is being done to make the

It is apparent that many have been not shall be damned."(Mark 16:1516.) work of the missionaries more efficient

asking these questions. Are you one So we in this dispensation have also and effective. The use of the telephone

of them? been instructed. These prophecies are in tracting and to follow up referrals is

As a supervisor of the eight eastern being fulfilled in this great growth of a real effective, modern proselyting deAmerican missions, I have spent a large the Church. Baptism is necessary to vice. The use of cars, in many instances,

part of the time since the last conference enter the kingdom of God, and to us of is also a great timesaver. Home nights

in those missions, and I bring to you the this dispensation the Lord has given the to permit groups to get acquainted with affectionate greetings and love of the assignment to baptize his elect. Today the Church and for missionaries to make

mission presidents, the missionaries, and we have the counsel of our President contacts with nonmembers is likewise the Saints. I am happy to make this and Prophet David O. McKay that an effective tool.

brief report: "every member should be a missionary,"We are just starting on a comparatively

First, that convert baptisms are nearly in order to bring more souls into the new approach. This involves art advertisthree times those of a year ago, that kingdom of God. We sustained our ing and direct mail program, a new type

means approximately 1,100 eacb month, President wholeheartedly and seek to of tracting, so to speak. Our advertiseor as translated into new stakes, roughly follow his counsel. ments and letters will provide a coupon

six new stakes each year. So every man, woman, and child or a card to be returned to us, requesting

Secondly, chapels and church buildwants to know how they can fulfill their missionaries to call or a homestudy ings are being built in large numbers. assignment to be a missionary. course to be sent.

Just as an example, Sister Richards and First, each one of us must live the We have adapted the uniform mis-

I came back a short time ago from the gospel; then we should invite our nonsionary teaching plan to a homestudy

Canadian Mission, and in that mission member friends to attend our Church course. Many who study the gospel in

during the first seven months of this meetings and functions with us; also, this manner will undoubtedly later want

year, six chapels have been completed find people who want to know more missionary visits. Through advertiseand are occupied, and seven more are about the Church and the best way to ments and through the mail, we will

either under construction or in the late do this is to ask the "golden questions,"reach many that we are not able to planning stage.—"What do you know about the Morreach by our present methods. Baptisms

Third, new stakes are being organized. mon Church?"and "Would you like from this source of referrals are already

Two have recently been organized in to know more?"being reported.

North Carolina and within the area Those that say "Yes,"should be Many people refer to our present covered by the eight eastern American invited into group meetings in the memmissionary plan as a "new plan,"but missions, it is likely that eight more bers'homes to hear the missionaries it really is not. Examining the prosestakes will be ready for organization discuss the principles of the gospel. lyting methods of the apostles and the

during the next twelve months. Where this is not possible, the person disciples at the time of Christ and in

This pattern of accelerated growth should be referred to the missionaries the early days of the Church in our time, and development of the Church, as you to contact. we find that the methods used today

can see, is going on throughout the Asking these two questions is a sifting are very similar. One of the most

entire world. Many have asked why process, finding the elect, those that remarkable examples was Peter's sermon

this growth is taking place. Prophecy want to know more about the Church. to the people on the day of Pentecost,

968 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Step out front with the DISTANCE brand...

the brand... POWER

mt CONOCO the Hottest Brand Going!

mmmsms ms

Hottest line of products... backed by hottest advertising!

Conoco offers you products with benefits your Conoco really believes in advertising. Now customcustomers want! Conoco Premium Gasoline has ers will see big, colorful Conoco ads in LIFE, Look,

TCP* plus... to give cars up to 17 more miles per Saturday Evening Post, and newspapers throughout

tankful, up to 15% more power! Conoco allseason Conocoland. They'll see and hear Conoco adverSuper Motor Oil is fortified with an exclusive distising on Television and Radio...telling them why

covery that oi!-plates engines, protects them 24 hours Conoco is the distance brand...the power brand..

a day. Good reasons to switch to Conoco! the hottest brand going!

*TM and pat. owned by Shell Oil Co.

DECEMBER 1961 969 the result of which is recorded in the of which were filled to overflowing. We the Prophet Joseph Smith. The fulness

second chapter of Acts, and the 41st preached about eleven times a week of the gospel of Jesus Christ has been verse as follows: besides visiting from house to house. restored to this earth. The Church of

"Then they that gladly received his We soon commenced baptising and Jesus Christ with the authority to act word were baptized: and the same day continued baptizing almost every day in his name is on the earth. This is

there were added unto them about three during the winter and spring."(P. 170 the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday

thousand souls."(Acts 2:41.) 1950 Ed.) Saints. We need a prophet today, and

The autobiography of Parley P. Pratt Our missionary program is based on we have a prophet—President David

tells us of his meeting John Taylor, declaring repentance and baptism. Our O. McKay.

whose name was given to him as a missionaries know that baptism is es- I bear witness to you that these things referral. Parley P. Pratt used group sential, and they are baptism conscious. are true.

meetings most effectively. His experience The Lord has given us a list of qualifiRemember the scriptures. "For behold,

in New York City is related as follows: cations necessary for baptism, and this is the field is white already to harvest;

"While I preached, a lady solicited in the Doctrine and Covenants, section and it is the eleventh hour, and the last me to preach in her house in Willett 20. Missionaries are instructed to see time that I shall call laborers into my

Street, for she said, 'I had a dream of that these qualifications are met. This vineyard."(D&C 33:3.) And remember

you and of the new church the other is not a day for compromising standards. President McKay's admonition, "Every

night.'Another lady wished me to After baptism our responsibility is to member a missionary."The challenge

preach in her house in Grant Street. fellowship the new converts. There will is for each of us to be a missionary.

In the meantime I was invited by the be little falling away as we "love"these This means for each of us to bring a

Free Thinkers to preach or give a course good people into the Church and give convert into the Church this year. Let

of lectures in Tammany Hall. In short, them an opportunity to serve. us make this our goal and may the Lord

it *vas not three weeks... till we had Brothers and sisters, God the Father make us equal to the task, I pray in the

fifteen preaching places in the city, all and his Son Jesus Christ did appear to name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

ment in the foreign agency service of is impossible. So, if he is to translate,

the Treasury Department, it was my he must become an authority in other duty to translate some of the customs fields much more than just an authority

TRUST THE PROPHET language.laws from theI soonGermanlearnedinto thatthe Englisha man ining.the Helanguagemust withunderstandwhich hesomethingis workin order to translate has to know much about the subject being translated.

Theodore M. Burton more than just the words of the lanLet us look now at the problem of

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve guage. I found that a translator must translating the Bible, particularly in

give a message, not just a literal translathe Old Testament. Not only must the

tion of the subject word for word. translator know English, he must also

My brothers and sisters, I am most I found that sentences mean much know Hebrew. He must know what

grateful for this past year. It has been more than words. I found that parathe Hebrew says, and then he must

a marvelous year to have spent in assographs are much more important than put that understandingly into the Engciation with these, my brethren. I have sentences, and I found that the treatise lish language.

had my eyes opened. I have learned as a whole must make sense. OtherIn the Old Testament there are sevmany things. It has also been a trewise, the translation is not good. Words eral Hebrew words, "ro'eh,""hozeh,"

mendous blessing to me to be able to have many different meanings, and the and "nabhi',"all of which are translated travel among the stakes and missions meanings of these words depend upon by the translators as prophet. The first

of the Church and see what wonderful their usage. The context in which they two, almost synonymous, from the roots

strength and leadership we have whereare used becomes extremely important. "ra'ah"and "hazah,"both meaning to

ever I travel. Let us take as a simple example the see suggest the man of vision and should

I have been greatly impressed by the word, corn. It is a simple English word, be properly rendered as seer. The term

strength of the Church, for I feel the but if you were to translate this into "nabhi'"from the root "nabha"means strength of the Church is in the hearts another language, you would have to to announce. But if the translator felt

of our people who are willing to serve understand some of its many meanings. that to see and to announce are synonyand to sacrifice because of the testiCorn would mean maize to the Indian. mous and that they refer to the same

mony they have in their hearts that It would mean grain to the Britisher. It thing, then he would so use them. Thus

this is the truth. would mean whiskey to the moonshiner. we find that all of these words were

Now, as a missionary, how can I It would mean to granulate to the used and translated as prophet and teach the things that are in my heart to chemist or to the munitions manusometimes the word seer was used where you, the people? How can I strengthen facturer. It would mean to preserve prophet should have been used, and

the Saints and teach those who are not to the housewife. It would mean to sometimes the word prophet was used

yet members of the Church? How can plant to the farmer. It would mean where seer should have been used. Con-

I give confidence to them that God does a horny skin growth to the doctor of fusion resulted therefrom, because the live and that he does speak in this medicine. translators did not understand that

generation? So, if you were to translate that word, these two words seer and prophet mean

Perhaps I can illustrate this by talkyou would have to know how it was different things; that they have different

ing for a moment about some of the used. Thus a translator must underusages.

problems of translation. When I stand the meaning of the information he There is a great difference between

worked for the United States governis to present; otherwise, his translation these words, because a seer is greater

970 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA p

His car is protected with Farmers Insurance, too.

Many men carry all their insurance with

Farmers, secure in the knowledge that they have the finest insurance for their home and family, their business and their plans for the future—and all at

low cost.

For example, Farmers offers the best auto insurance buy in America today, at rates that are usually substantially lower than most other companies.

Farmers offers generous discounts and there are special low rates for Americanmade compacts.

Along with low rates and broadform coverage you get Farmers'famous fast, fair, friendly service. Before you renew,

look into Farmers Auto Insurance.

CALL YOUR FARMERS AGENT

FOR ALL YOUR INSURANCE He's listed in the phone book under

Farmers Insurance Group. He's an

expert on auto, life, fire, truck and commercial insurance. Get them all

from Farmers for finest coverage at low cost.

Fast Fair Friendly Fd ITTierS I nSU TO flCe GfOU

AUTO LIFE FIRE TRUCK COMMERCIAL

DECEMBER 1961 971 than a prophet. King Limhi, in speaktalked about the sun revolving around by actually seeing and hearing and

ing to the missionary, Amnion, said, the earth. Why, any man with eyes being instructed in the real truth.

"... a seer is greater than a prophet."to see could actually see the sun re- A seer then is one who may see God,

Then Ammon explained why. He said, volving around the earth! Yet our who may talk with God, who may re-

"... a seer is a revelator and a prophet interpretation of the evidence today is ceive personal instruction from God.

also; and a gift which is greater can no just the reverse of this. So, what we say Our prophet is a seer and a revelator. I

man have, except he should possess the we know is not always true. do not know who originally taught the

power of God, which no man can; yet What then can a person cling to? doctrine. I was told once that it was

a man may have great power given him Youth lacks experience, and older people taught by President Heber J. Grant,

from God. jump at conclusions also. Knowledge but I was taught this doctrine by Elder

"But a seer can know of things which is often based on too little evidence, Marion G. Romney, who told me that

are past, and also things which are to either by the young or by the old. the Lord will never let his prophet,

come, and by them shall all things be Thus, young and old, when they have the seer, lead his people astray. Men in

revealed, or, rather, shall secret things be found themselves questioning, become all ranks on this earth and in the made manifest, and hidden things shall skeptical, and they begin to'question Church have fallen from grace, but the come to light, and things which are not and doubt everything and have confiLord will never permit the great known shall be made known by them, dence in nothing. prophet, our seer, and revelator, to fall

and also things shall be made known Now to what can a man turn? In or to lead the people astray. Before this

by them which otherwise could not be what can he place reliance? In whom could happen God must of necessity

known."(Mosiah 8:1617.) can we put our confidence, our trust? remove that man from the earth.

Life for the ordinary man is oftimes Now remember, Ammon said a seer is There must be someone to whom the frightening and bewildering. There is greater than a prophet. Before he made people can turn and trust, who can

so much that we mortals fear. There this statement he had said "... I can speak for God. God must have someone

is so much that we do not understand. assuredly tell thee, O king, of a man on earth who can point the way and

There is so much that we do not know. that can translate the records; for he say, "This is true."How grateful, my

When we talk of knowing, we talk of has wherewith that he can look, and brothers and sisters, we should be that knowledge, and it would be well to ask translate all records that 'are of ancient God in the fulness of his grace has given ourselves what we mean by "knowldate; and it is a gift from God. And the us a living prophet to guide us to Him;

edge."Knowledge is only our interthings are called interpreters, and no even more that God has given us a seer,

pretation of the evidence before us. If man can look in them except he be for this seer and prophet reveals perour interpretation of the evidence is commanded, lest he should look for sonal testimony to young and old alike

wrong, our knowledge is false. that he ought not and he should perish. that Jesus is in very deed the risen

Sometimes, therefore, we make grave And whosoever is commanded to look Savior, the Living God.

errors, for our interpretation of the in them, the same is called seer."Of this I bear sacred testimony, for

evidence is wrong. What a shock it is (Ibid., 8:13.) under conditions too sacred to mention

for us to realize that what we once Thus one can trust a seer because here God has given me witness three thought we knew—is wrong! This has a seer may see the heavens open. He times in the temples that David O.

occurred many times in the history of may see the great vision of God working McKay is truly and indeed a prophet of the earth. Why, the evidence was so in all his majesty. He may see the God, a seer, and I bear you this testiplain to those who stated that the earth fulness of truth as it is revealed to him mony that you can trust him and so

was flat, that when anyone mentioned by God who makes no mistakes. The put your whole faith in Jesus Christ.

that the earth is round, it was a ridicevidence is clear, therefore, and the inWe must turn from anything which ulous thing, and the people just laughed terpretation is clear. The seer can bear tears us away from God our Father and

at the idea. Yet by the evidence we personal testimony, not based on books, turn to that which will lead us to him

have today we interpret this to mean not based on scholarship, not based on through repentance, through our dethat the earth is round, and we claim tradition, but based on the evidence of termination and through our absolute that previous persons just didn't underthings that God himself can reveal to will to do the work of God.

stand the evidence presented to them. him in an actual experience with Deity. I bear you this testimony in the name

The same thing is true when we He may receive a revelation from God of Jesus Christ. Amen.

nacle Choir. We have been inspired creased traffic, etc.; members of the

with their singing. I think it would be fire department, some of whom you

fitting at this moment to represent you met after one or two of these sessions;

as well as the General Authorities in and to the Red Cross representatives saying just a word, at least, of apprewho have been on hand to render any

SHOW YOUR FAITH ciationduring ofthisthe servicesthreedayrenderedconferenceby manyin needed.assistance Toandthe serviceTabernaclethat ushersmightwhobe

in service seating the rendered this inspirational gathering so have sesof these great audiences conferenceBY YOUR WORKS makingmeaningful:

First, to the General Authorities, we sions. Quietly and unobtrusively they

Closing Address by express deep appreciation for the inhave looked after your convenience and

President David O. McKay spirational messages they have given to welfare.

us. Second, to the public press, the reWe have already expressed, and we

porters, for their fair and accurate do so again, appreciation to the radio

The singing, as you know, for this reports throughout the sessions of the and television stations throughout our afternoon and this morning has been conference. Third, to the city officials, own city and the nation who all

furnished by the members of the Taberthe city traffic officers in handling inthrough the three days have carried the

972 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Plows of the future...

designed with Space Age computers

International Harvester engineers eliminate cutand-try plow design

Now, Electronic Brains are helping to design plow moldboards as well as moon rockets! By perfecting a

mathematical system for plotting moldboard curvature, IH engineers have eliminated cutand-try development time... saved years of field testing.

Electronic computer—the key. The mathematics of

a moldboard would take one "slide rule engineer"better than a year to figure. But the computer, with a

potential of 60,000 operations per second, supplies all the needed data in a couple of hours. Therefore, the

computer quickly plots the best curvature for top plowing efficiency. Through this scientific approach,

IH is prepared to put the most advanced moldboards in the field first!

This is just one of hundreds of projects carried on at

International Harvester's Farm Equipment Research and Engineering Center, Hinsdale, Illinois. This ultramodern center has the scientific tools and a staff ofover 1,500 specialists to create the newest and finest l 1 INTERNATIONAL HARVESTER

farm equipment in the world. World's largest manufacturer of farm equipment

DECEMBER 1961 973 proceedings of these inspirational sesthe erection of a building, perhaps to was something near one hundred dolsions. These stations have been the renovate, or to build an addition to lars. Sister McKay, who knew about the

means of permitting untold thousands a present building. They see that two, circumstances, says it was near a hunof persons to hear rhe proceedings of three, four, sometimes six or seven dred. The boy said, "Well, I shall take

the one hundred thirtyfirst semiannual groups—wards or branches—have to ten dollars, and you give the rest to the

conference. meet in one building, and they feel the bishop to finish paying on this meetingWe appreciate especially those who necessity of contributing of their means. house."

have furnished the singing throughout And what those members of the Church, "Oh, but you can't afford that,"said this conference. Let me remind you unknown beyond the borders of their the banker.

again, as you enjoy the service they have branch or ward, do to make more effec- "Yes, I can,"and he took ten dollars rendered: first, the Relief Society Singtive conditions to preach the gospel of for himself and gave the balance to

ing Mothers from the Central Utah and Jesus Christ! the bishop.

Mt. Timpanogos regions, who rendered I wish all the world could glimpse What a le"p on! I think I told that

service faithfully for two days with the the willingness of those people, the sacafterwards when I went back to the

Relief Society sisters before they joined rifices they have to make. I think it stake, and the young boy was then on

us Friday morning. Sister Florence would preach the gospel more effectively a mission. I cite this incident merely

Jepperson Madsen conducted. Next, the than any one other thing we could do. as an illustration of the loyalty and faith

University of Utah Mixed Chorus for I recall just a few years ago of visiting of the membership of the Church. I

the Saturday morning session, with a stake and dedicating their meetingappreciate these acts, and because of

Ardean W. Watts conducting. The house. I learned of the struggles they them, in our hearts there will be a love

University of Utah Institute of Religion, for one another, which is the Spirit of

University Stake Chorus, and the the Christ, the spirit of brotherhood, the

Bonneville Strings, furnished the music spirit of love.

for the Saturday afternoon session, with I am a great believer in the doctrine

Elder David Austin Shand conducting. of James. He was a practical man in

Third, the Tabernacle Choir Men's the early Church. Paul preached faith;

Chorus last night. How inspiring that James preached works, and it was James

group was! Fourth, last, but certainly who said, "... shew me thy faith withnot least, the Tabernacle Choir, who out thy works, and I will shew thee my

furnished the music this morning and faith by my works."(James 2:18.)

this afternoon, with Elder Richard P. "What doth it profit, my brethren,

Condie and Elder Jay E. Welch conthough a man say he hath faith, and

ducting, and how they have thrilled have not works? can faith save him?

not only this nation, but also people in "If a brother or sister be naked, and other countries, wherever they have destitute of daily food, been. Our best wishes and prayers go "And one of you say unto them, Dewith them in their prospective tour, for part in peace, be ye warmed and filled;

they will receive a welcome wherever notwithstanding ye give them not those they go. God bless them, and all things which are needful to the body;

officials connected with that great what doth it profit?

organization. "Even so faith, if it hath not works,

We mention again these beautiful is dead, being alone.

antheriums from Oahu Stake. "Yea, a man may say, Thou hast

Indeed, we thank all those who have faith, and I have works: shew me thy

contributed in any way to the success faith without thy works, and I will and inspiration of this great conference. shew thee my faith by my works."

Carlyle said: "There is one godlike {Ibid:, 2:1418.)

virtue, the essence of all that ever was had in order to finish paying for that Throughout this conference emphasis or ever will be of godlike in this world—building. None of our chapels are dedihas frequently been made by the

the veneration done to human worth by cated until they are free from debt. That speakers to the great responsibility restthe hearts of men."During the last few means that millions of dollars have been ing upon the membership of the Church

days especially, and frequently in the spent in the erection of stake houses of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints to position which General Authorities ocand ward buildings throughout the 336 declare to the world that God lives; that

cupy, we have occasion to ask men and stakes and sixtyseven missions. Jesus Christ, his Son, is our Savior; that

women to accept certain positions and That meetinghouse had just been paid his is the only name "... under heaven

to devote their time and their means for about a week before the dedicatory given among men, whereby we must be to the work of the kingdom of God. services were held. The bishop had to saved."(Acts 4:12.) It was said at the

Recently I have seen men's hearts call for an extra contribution, and a opening of this conference that there touched, tears roll down their cheeks, young boy who earned his money by are men and women who are now forty as they were surprised to hear a request washing cars, polishing shoes, and doing to fifty years old who have heard all of the General Authorities to accept little odd jobs, had quite a little sum their lives that God does not exist; that

some responsibility or be called in some of money, for a boy, in the bank. I Jesus Christ is a myth. You have heard

other position. Without exception, no received this information from the the testimony from men with tears in

matter what sacrifice they had to make banker himself who was an officer in their eyes, if you were close enough to financially, no matter how unable they the stake. I do not know whether the see, their lips quivering with emotion,

feel themselves to fill the position, each father had contributed much to the testify that they know that God lives, one has said, "Yes, if that is what the chapel. I had my own thoughts, but that Jesus is the Christ, and that they

Church wants, I will do it."when the bishop made an extra call for appeared to the Prophet Joseph Smith

Frequently we hear reports from money this boy went to the bank and and gave instructions about organizing wards and branches of efforts the peoasked the banker, "How much have I in his Church, and that Peter, James, and ple put forth to contribute, perhaps to the bank?"He told him, and I think it John, who held the authority from the

974 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA BASKETBALL

th

YEAR OF BROADCASTS

play DEAN BENNETT

BY

PLAY

BY...

'. '''.-.: 'Now, the eleventh year of Brigham Young University basketSUU

ball broadcasts will be heard over KSL Radio. With national 196162 BYU SCHEDULE

powers once again on the schedule, the BYU Cougars promise DATE OPPONENT PLACE BDCST.

TIME (MST) another of exciting year action. will the 1-2 Bennett Dean Dec. be at Provo 7:45 UCLA PM

8-9 Dec. Santa Clara Calif. Jose, San 8:45 PM

15 Dec. vivid State Oklahoma with microphone Stillwater, description. playby-play Okla. 6:45 BYU PM And

Dec. 16 Univ. of Oklahoma Norman, Okla. 6:45?M

Dec. 18 Air Force Academy Provo 7:45 PM will Coach, Stan Watts the on preappear Corner, Coaches Dec. 20 Jose San State Provo 7:45 PM

Dec. Univ. 22 Pacific of Provo 7:45 PM sented Deseret by Federal to Savings Loan, and summarize Dec. 27 Mexico State Las Cruces, New N.M. 7:45 PM

Dec. 29 Arizona U. Tucson, Ariz. 7:45 PM discuss the night's action. and You'll Dec. to 30 Arizona State every hear want Tempe, Ariz. 7:45 PM

Jan. 6 Montana Missoula, 7:45 Montana PM

Jan. 12 game! Wyoming Provo 7:45 PM

Jan. 13 Colorado State Provo 7:45 PM

Jan. 20 Utah Salt Lake City 7:45 PM

Jan. State Utah 26 Logan 7:45 PM

Feb. 2 Provo 7:45 PM

Feb. 3 Mexico DenverNew Provo 7:45 PM

Feb. 10 State Utah Provo 7:45 PM

Feb. 16 Colorado State Fort Collins, Colo. 7:45 PM

17 Feb. Wyoming Laramie, 7:45 Wyo. PM

Feb. 22 Montana Provo 7:45 PM

Feb. 24 Utah Provo 7:45 PM

March Mexico New Albuquerque, N.M. 7:45 PM 31 March Denver Denver, Colo. 8:00 PM:

WRITE KSL FOR WALLET SCHEDULE

IfflrTTtltAil ><M} 1160 ON YOUR DIAL

DECEMBER 1961 975

Christ himself, gave that authority in this dispensation; that the Melchizedek

Minute Man PriesthoodProphet and wasOliverbestowedCowdery; uponthat Johnthe

and your family thebestowedBaptistthewhoAaronicbaptizedPriesthood,Jesus Christa direct successor of the authority from <t heaven. mVZ * '*Mlf in Now you know that. You know these

I give men. that testimony NEVER you my God MAY

SUPPl* FOOD WEEK THREE lives; is that close to us; his he that MANUAL KIT ANO AID FIRST

PAK is MINEBAl spirit real, is his real; that voice cod that VITAMIN ITNEED

his Christ, Son, at Jesus stands the head * *"Uv ul '"oit, we/come of but how this—great work; matter and no how

much the atheistic philosophy takes it will be if you do! hold of blinded boys and girls and men

who hear Satan's voice, the truth stands as declared by the Father and the Son to that boy Prophet. You and I and ea. all the members of the Church of Jesus 95PLUS $1.00

SHIPPING COSTS Christ of Latterday Saints have the 14 BY CIVIL DEFENSE the world, and the world is full of APPROVED responsibility to declare that truth to honest men and women waiting to hear

evil the blind would Condemn men who their sophistry with EACH KIT CONTAINS: thatthem truth. Let us not condemn them. with and

FOOD SURVIVAL EQUIPMENT reasoning. Some of our young boysfalseare

HiProtein Macaroni and Cheese Dinner Water, Sterile 2-10'/j oi. cans so blinded, but it is our duty as officers

(6 servings) Can Opener of the Church to lead them from that

Vegetable Beef Stew (6 servings) Pan Aluminum Cooking truth. blindness to the I think I can

Multi Purpose servings) (1016 Food Heat Canned Matches here, as I did last night, for Carrots Diced servings) Toilet Tissue (6 Nylon Rope repeat

Instant Chicken Rice Soup (4 servings) Salt Safety Pins those misguided boys:

Instant Beef Noodle Soup (4 servings) Cups Razor Blade

Instant Potato with Leek Soup (4 servings) Spoons Signal Whistle "Dim as the borrow'd beams of moon HiProtein (6-8 servings) Cereal Oat

Wheat Cereal (6-8 servings) and stars (6-8 Pancake and Biscuit Mix Potatoes servings) Instant Mashed (6 servings) FIRST AID NEEDS ToIs reasonlonely,to weary,the soul;wanderingand as ontravelers,high

Instant Pudding Mix (6 servings) Aspirin 5 grain (40) rolling fires discover Those the sky, but Peaches Purification (6 servings) Water Tablets (for 50 gal.)

us here, so Reason's glimmerNot light (4-5 servings) Prunes oz.) Soap [V*

Apple Sauce (6 servings) Gauze Roll (2% x 6 yd.) ing ray

Instant Milk (1620 3") x (3"Pads servings) Gauze lent, to assure not doubtful our Was

Fruit servings) (4-6 Punch yd.) Adhesive Tape (6 way,

(4-6 servings) Lemonade Adhesive Bandages (7) better us lead But day."to a upward Drink servings) (4-6 Orange oz.) Mercurochrome (%

Grape Drink (4-6 servings) Triangular Bandage (2 servings) Cocoa Unguentine Burn Ointment (130 gr.—Dryden

Ralston RyKrisp ('/ oz.) (36 Cotton servings) Asborbent

supply of Multivitamins 3-week Adhesive Handy Snip Bandages (12) That brighter day is the light of the

Holy Spirit emanating from God the

PLUS: Survival and First Aid Booklet, Suggested Menu Father, and his Son, Jesus Christ.

List, Instruction Manual, Fallout Protection Booklets, God bless you, my dear fellow workand Water Procurement Instructions. ers, bless you in your homes. Make your

faith shown by your works in your home; husbands true to your wives, not

EACH 'MINUTE MAN'KIT CONTAINS 60 REGULAR VARonly in act, but in thought; wives true

IETY MEALS-A 3-WEEK SUPPLY FOR ONE INDIVIDUAL; toin yourthought;husbands,childrennottrueonlyto inyouract, parbut

and EXCEEDING THE CIVIL DEFENSE MINIMUM 72 HOUR ents. Do not arrogate to yourselves that

EMERGENCY FOOD SUPPLY FOR A FAMILY OF SIX. they are oldfashioned in their beliefs

MAIL ORDER YOUR - TODAY SORRY NO C.O.D.'Sf——and that you know more. Girls, follow that sweet mother and 1 LAB. SAM'S PHOTO her teachings. Boys, to be true your P. Dept. O. 1115 Box AA "MINUTE MAN"fathers try live to gospel; the then who City, Salt Lake Utah IDEAL IS ALSO strangers, seeing will say, such homes, PLEASE SEND SURVIVAL "MINUTE ME MAN"FOR EMERGENCY if is that result "Well, the of MormonKITS FOR I ENCLOSE WHICH $ PREPAREDNESS it I is ism, think good."will show You

(includes Cost Shipping $15.95 $1.00 EACH ) in Your @ faith your in works your by everyday

NAME. CAR BOAT life.

bless that you have God we PLANE may TRUCK ADDRESS of to do, in so I pray power the name CABIN RANCH

CITY STATE or TRAILER Jesus Christ. Amen.

Delivery) (Please Print to Insure Prompt Li

976 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA SOUPS & GRAVYS Lipton's Soup Mix- "Quality Foods For Storage"*,?R Pj* 9 oz. cans (makes 12 gals.) 9.00 Vegetable—12 Tomato

Chicken Noodle—12 10 oz. cans (makes 12 gals.) 7.80

PRICE LIST - ORDER FORM BeefGreenSoupPea—12Base—1621 Vboz.oz.jarscans (makes 12 gals.) 15.001.65

1.65 jars oz. Chicken Base—16 Soup

1, 1961) (Effective October oz. 1.65 jars 16 Style Soup Base—Ham

notice) (Subject without to change 3.45 lb. can (1 lb. makes 1 gal.).... Beef Gravy Base—2V2

Chicken Gravy Base—2'/2 lb. can

(1 lb. makes 1 gal.) 2.75

DESERET SUPPLY CO. Campbell'sCream GravySoupsBase—2V2(wet pack)—lb. can (1 lb. makes 1 gal.) 2.25

P. O. Box 612 Garden Grove, Calif. Tomato48Chicken Noodle48IOV2 oz. IOV2tins oz. tins 5.308.35

JEfferson 7-4917 - JEfferson 7-8038 Vegetable—48 IOV2 oz. tins 8.35

Clam Chowder—48 IOV2 oz. tins 8.35

Cream of Mushroom—48 IOV2 tins 8.35

UNIT VEGETABLES (wet pack)- ITEM UNIT SIZE PRICE QTY. AMT. Potatoes, Whole—New (no water) vac. packed

6.25 cans No. 24 2V2 3.50 gal. lbs (fumigated) 33 can Wheat5Whole 4.95 303 cans No. Style—24 Corn, Cream lbs (fum.) 2.85 gal. 33 can Pastry Wheat5Whole

4.95 cans No. 303 Kernel24 Corn, Whole 3.50 lbs (fumigated) gal. can 33Redeemed Rye—5 4.95 303 cans Cut No. Beans, Green—24 3.75 lbs gal. (fumigated) 20 canRolled Oats—5 4.95 No. 303 cans Peas24 lbs. 4.65 gal. (fum.)Steel 30 can Cut Oats—5 4.95 cans 303 Carrots24 No. Peas & (fumigated) (for gal can Corn meal)—5Yellow

4.95 cans No. 303 Vegetables—24 Mixed

. 2.85 lbs 33

2'/2 6.60 cans No. Tomatoes—24 lbs. 5.15 (fumigated) (for gal. 33 can meal)—5Popcorn pack)- (wet FRUITS

1 1.15 lbs gal. (fumigated) 6 canPinto Beans—8.50 cans No. Halves, Apricot unpeeled—24 2V2 lbs (fum.) 5.50 gal.Pinto 33 can Beans—5

2'/2 6.50 cans No. Applesauce—24

1 1.25 gal. (fumigated) lbs can Lima Beans—Baby

sliced 6.95 cans cling—24 Peaches, No. yellow 2V2 lbs 6.00 gal. (fum.) 33 can Lima Beans—5Baby 7.95 cans No. Pear Halves24 2V2.... 1 lbs. 2.50 gal. (fumigated) 6 canLarge Lima Beans—8.95 No. half cans Pineapple, slices—24 2V2 10.35 lbs. (fum.) gal. 33 5 canLarge Lima Beans—

Fruit 7.95 cans Cocktail24 No. 2V2

1 gal. lbs. 1.35 (fumigated) can 5Small White Beans—JUICE FRUIT lbs. (fum.) 6.75 gal. 33 canSmall White Beans—5 Crystals 2.35 Juice can No. (pure)—2V2 Orange

1 1.10 gal. lbs (fumigated) 6 canLarge White Beans—1.95 Crystals Grapefruit can (pure)—No. 2V2 lbs 5.35 5 33 (fum.) gal.Large can White Beans—oz. 5.95 cans 46 12 (wet pack)—Orange

1 lbs. 1.00 gal. (fumigated) 6 can (Split)—PeasGreen oz. 4.50 cans Grapefruit 46 12 (wet pack)—4.75 (fum.) gal. lbs (split)—5 33 canGreen Peas oz. 3 50 pack) (wet 12 cans 46 Tomato—

1 1.00 lbs gal. (fumigated)Blackeye 6 can Peas—oz. 5.00 12 (wet cans 46 pack)—Apple

lbs 4.75 (fum.) gal. 33 canBlackeye Peas—5 3.25 oz. cans 12 (wet pack)—46 Pineapple

1 lbs 1.25 (fum.) Rice, gal. Short 6 can Grain—Brown oz. 6.00 cans 12 pack)—24 (wet Concord Grape,

lbs. (fum.) Rice, 6.00 gal. Short can 33Brown Grain—5 oz. 4.75 cans 12 Vegetable 46 Cocktail—

1 1.45 (fum.) gal. Rice lbs can 6White Grain)—(Long P F-MULTIPURPOSE FOOD V-8M 7.75 gal. lbs (fum.) Rice 33 (long can grain)—5White dishes for soups—meat Seasoned & A—1 1.80 lbs Rice (fum.) gal 6 can (Long Grain)—Brown flavor of mixed on food with—B—Takes

lbs. (fum.) Rice, 9.00 gal. can 33 grain)—5 (longBrown for (also solids formula) milk baby's added C—25%

1 1.35 lbs gal. can, (Instant)—Milk 3NonFat B, or C) (Specify A,

15 5.95 lbs gal. can, (instant)—Milk 5NonFat 1 lb. tins 1.25 oz. 10

lbs 3.40 can, gal. 5 (Instant)-l MilkWhole 12.00 of 12 Case

(case of lb. 9.00 12) (Instant)-l Milk cansWhole tin 2.50 10 No.

1.10 lb. (Blend)—5Pure can Honey 15.00 of Case 6

10.80 gal.Pure can (blend)—5 Honey (Roasted) NUTS

lb. 1.60 clover, (orange, can sage)—5Honey tin sealed) 3.80 10 (vacuum Almonds—No.

15.20 gal. clover, (orange, can sage)—5Honey tin sealed) 5.30 No. 10 (vacuum Walnuts—

6.75 lbs gal. can, 33 Sugar—5Raw tin 6.35 sealed) 10 (vacuum Pecans—No.

5.75 gal. can, lbsWhite 33 Sugar—5 tin sealed) 2.70 (vacuum 10 No. Peanuts—

FRUITSDEHYDRATED tin sealed) 10 6.50 No. (vacuum Mixed—2.80 10 can Nuggets—No.Applesauce MISCELLANEOUS

1.90 Pie Slices—10 No. canApple 1 gal. jugs 1.95 Water—4

4.50 10Apricot Slices—No. can oz. 3.95 cans 12 Water—24 DistilledCanned

3.40 10 canPrunes, Pitted—No. Whole 1 eggs).... lb. doz. (3 2.00 Eggs, dehydrated—can whole

3.30 10 SlicesNo. canPeach oz. 2.00 can Yeast sealed)—32 (vacuum

2.15 10 canDate Nuggets—No. lb. 1.45 can Baking Powder—5

3.25 Fruit 10 can No. Galaxie (cocktail)—1 lb. Baking 30 box Soda—

1 gal. 2.50 (Prod, of can Formosa)—Bananas 1.25 can, lbs gal. 10 Salt-1

1 gal. 2.50 (Prod, ofPineapple can Formosa)—1 lb. 1.50 can Pepper, Black—

.. 1 (Prod, gal. 2.50 can of Formosa)—Papaya 3.60 Butter 10 can Peanut (homo.)—No.

1 Slices, 3.00 gal. Fig can White—indiv. size of Instant 2.50 50 Cocoa Mix—ctn.

1 2.25 Slices—gal.Pear can indiv. size ctn. 1.25 of Instant Postlum—50

VEGETABLESDEHYDRATED indiv. size Instant of 2.00 50 Pream—ctn.

1 lbs. gal. can, 2 3.25 Diced—Cabbage, 1 PAK EMERGENCY NO. FOOD

.. lbs. gal. can, 9 12.50 Diced—5Cabbage, (asst. food nourishing Contains dehyenough

1 1/2 gal. lb 1.25 can, Spinach, Flaked—1 fruits sustain to vegetables) drated and

lbs 5.75 gal. Spinach, can Flaked—5 2Vs in for sealed gal. 5 adult days. 30 Packed

1 lbs gal.Carrots, can, 2.95 3 Diced—14.95 can square

gal. lbs Carrots, 15.00 can, 20 Diced—5 2 PAK NO. FOOD EMERGENCY

1 4.50 gal. lbs can, 5 Sweet Corn—Food, MultiPurpose canned canned Contains

gal. can, lbs 25 21.00 Sweet Corn—5 1 for sustain adult to Vitamin and Water C

1 lbs 2.85 gal. Sliced—Carrots, can, 2V2 15.95 days 30

lbs can, gal. Sliced—5 Carrots, 13.00 16 3 NO. PAK EMERGENCY FOOD

tin, 2'/2 Chips, lbs 2.60 No. 10 Onion White—milk, nonfat wheat, canned honey Contains

Chips, lbs gal. can. 15 16.95 Onion White—5 1 days.... for 6.95 sustain to 30 Vitamin adult and C

1 lbs can, gal. 3.35 Vegetable Soup Mix—2V2 ITEMS TAXABLE (4%)

gal. lbs can, 14.50 Vegetable Soup Mix—5 12V2 Electric Mill Flour (stone) 170.00 Corn and

1 lbs gal. can, 2.95 Vegetable Stew Mix—2i/4 6.00 Grinder Corn Grain and Hand

lbs 11.50 gal. can, Vegetable Stew Mix-5 12V2 15 Lids Plastic for No. cans 10

1 gal. can, 6.50 lbs Flakes—3 Tomato lb. 4.95 carton Laundry Detergent—25

lbs. gal. can, 15 Flakes—5 30.50 Tomato Lux, Palmolive, Bar 7.95 Reg Soap—Hand Camay—72

1 Bell can, lbs 4.45 gal. Peppers—2 rolls 9.60 Toilet of Tissue—case 96

can, Bell lbs gal. 10 21.00 Peppers—5 of 9.50 Sanitary 288 Napkins—case

1 gal. 1.80 Potatoes, lbs can, 3 Diced—First size 8.75 Kit—family Aid

lbs. gal. can, Potatoes, 15 8.50 Diced—5 bottle Purification of 100 30 Tablets—Water

1 lbs gal. 1.80 can, Potatoes, Sliced—1% Vit.- "NaturalOrganic"Supplement Food Complete

lbs gal. can, 8.50 Potatoes, Sliced—5 8% supply 13.50 Veg. Herb and day Min. Tablets—60

tin, Potatoes, lbs 1.35 10 Flaked—No. 2V2 btl. of Tablets—1,000 6.00 Vitamin C

FISH MEATS & BOOKLETSlb. 4.60 Dried can Beef—IV2 Is Survival Storage"Food To 50 "Gateway

lb. 3.75 can Chicken—2 Boned booklets Recipes—2 50 Honey

tin lbs.) 12.75 (dehydrated)—(makes Shrimp 7 10 No. For 1.00 "Wheat Man"

tin lbs.) 10.35 Chicken (makes 10 6 (dehydrated)—No.

Red Salmon—24 1 lb. cans 22.00

Pink Salmon—24 1 lb. cans 18.00 Plus Postage if Parcel Post $ Tuna (chunk style lite meat)—48 No. 1/2 cans 12.00

taxable items Plus Tax on 4% Sales OILS & MARGARINE (Calif, only) orders S (packed for U.S. Govt.)—No. 10 can 2.00 Margarine

can Peanut Oil—1 gal. 3.25 Amount Enclosed S gal. can 13.40 Peanut Oil—5

Soy Oil—1 gal. can 2.25

Soy Oil—5 gal, can 8.95 Name Address

POSTAGE MUST BE PAID ON PARCEL POST ORDERS so please send check for amount of order, plus 15% for postage if ordering from the western

States; or 20% for postage if ordering from the Eastern States. Overpayment will be refunded or credit given on next order. NO C.O.D. ORDERS

PLEASE. All larger orders will be shipped by TRUCK FREIGHT. SEND AMOUNT Of TOTAL ORDER AND WE WILL SHIP FREIGHT COLLECT.

ALL ORDERS SHIPPED THE DAY RECEIVED. Allow 1 to 4 weeks for the order to reach you in case there is some delay.

Elder Gordon Hinckley wind, and in the humid heat of the office. Railroad officials asked him

Orient. He has helped them when to take a ninetyday leave and re-

(Continued from page 907) sick, comforted them when bereaved, turn if he wished. About a year

encouraged them when despondent, later, Elder Hinckley received a call a major part of the classical "Fulness sorrowed with them in their tragefrom Denver.

of Times"recordings. In thirtynine dies, and rejoiced with them in He decided to stay at his post with

episodes on the history of the Church their tremendous accomplishments. the Church. "This is the Lord's

they were played over hundreds of He has been on his knees with many work,"he told a friend. "I felt I

radio stations around the globe. He a young man in distress. would make my best contribution

also wrote and produced the popuIn all the difficult years during in life by continuing to do my humlar "New Witness for Christ"series. and since the Korean War, Elder ble part to further the cause."

Elder Hinckley wrote or edited Hinckley has handled their complex And Gordon Hinckley, like Samuel scores of gospel tracts and pamproblems incident to Selective Servof old, "... grew on, and was in

phlets. He supervised a corps of ice and the military. In his frequent favor both with the Lord, and also

specialists, translating the Book of meetings with draft officials and with men."(1 Sam. 2:26.)

Mormon and other scriptures into military officers his policy has been Elder Hinckley is blessed with a many tongues. In 1939 he designed to get the facts and compose the noble heritage. He is a member of

and supervised the erection of the difficulty equitably for all conthe Society of Mayflower descendChurch exhibit at the San Francisco cerned. The procedures which have ants. His forebear, Samuel Hinckley,

World Fair on Treasure Island. The been developed out of these diswas governor of Massachusetts Colexhibit was in the form of a scale cussions have made it possible for ony in 1680. His grandfather, Ira

model of the Salt Lake Tabernacle thousands of our young men to go Nathaniel Hincklev, was born in in which organ recitals and illuson missions and also meet the Upper Canada. In 1835, when he

trated lectures were presented. Tens military obligations imposed by was seven, his familv first heard the

of thousands of people poured Congress. gospel preached by Mormon misthrough. One of his most strenuous and sionaries. Two years later, Ira was

Continuing his work with the misfar-reaching assignments has been an orphan. When he was sixteen,

sions, he was in 1951 named preparation of the temple ordinances he accompanied his stepfather and executive secretary of the General in various languages. Named in his family to Nauvoo. There, Ira

Missionary Committee. He arranged 1953 to work with President Joseph often heard the Prophet Joseph

broadcasts of the general conferFielding Smith and Richard L. Smith preach in the grove west of

ences of the Church and the farflung Evans, he has supervised the prothe temple. Ira Hinckley crossed the

private wire hookups for the genduction of temple materials in plains to Utah in 1850. Then on

eral priesthood meeting during English, French, German, Dutch, a call from President Brigham conference. Danish, Swedish, Norwegian, FinYoung, he erected historic Cove

On April 6, 1958, Elder Hinckley nish, Spanish, Tongan, Tahitian, SaFort in central Utah. He previously

was called to be an Assistant to the moan, and Maori. He was then sent had been called to build the stone

Council of the Twelve. His typically by the First Presidency to participate schoolhouse and church in Coalville.

tangy humor opened his Tabernacle in the dedication and opening of It was there that his son Bryant S.,

remarks that day: ordinance work in the Swiss, New Gordon's father, was born. An

"My dear brethren and sisters, I Zealand, and London temples. Few articulate and practical man, Bryant

am reminded of a statement made men in this century have worked S. Hinckley became a leader in the

by my first missionary companion more intimately or as long with the Church—as teacher, author, speaker,

when I received a letter of transfer Church missionary effort, its mission and administrator. At the age of

to the European Mission office. presidents, and the missionaries. ninetythree he died, just four

After I had read it, I turned it over During World War II, there came months before his son Gordon was to him. He read it, and then said: an event which could have drastically sustained an apostle.

'Well, you must have helped an old altered the course of his life. Gordon's mother, Ada Bitner

lady across the street in the preShortly after the attack on Pearl Hinckley, was a cultured woman.

existence. This has not come beHarbor plunged America into war Before her marriage, she was Utah's

cause of anything you've done late in 1941, he applied at the United first Gregg shorthand teacher, at here.'States Navy recruiting office for LDS College. She also taught EngSince becoming a General Auofficer training, but he was rejected lish, and as a bride, she brought a

thority, in addition to his service because of a history of allergies. So baby grand piano into their new

with the Missionary Committee, he to assist otherwise with the war home.

has supervised the Northern and effort he went to work with the Gordon B. Hinckley was born on

Southern Far East Missions and the Denver & Rio Grande Western RailJune 23, 1910. His first home was

Hawaii Mission of the Church. road Company, and as stationmaster, a twostory gray frame house with

Twice he has visited mission areas in he called the trains. white shutters and trim on the southHawaii, Japan, Korea, Okinawa, The railroad company promoted west corner of Windsor and Seventh

Hong Kong, Taiwan, and the Philiphim to assistant manager of mail, South streets in Salt Lake City.

pines. In all his labors he has kept baggage, and express for the entire Gordon is one of eleven living chilclose to the heartbeats of the missystem. This took him and his famdren, his mother's eldest son.

sionaries themselves. He has been ily to Denver. With the end of the At two, he was stricken with

with them in the London fog, in the war, Elder Stephen L Richards whooping cough, which left him cold Swiss rain, in the Montana asked him to return to the Church frail and weak. "The boy needs

978 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA T3m>aXTlMialofflidiiSG In a host of homes, 'the too... the product of your

Holidays"mean sweet treats own local farms and factories.

made with U and I Sugar... And it sweetens the local

made at home, or in the economy whenever you buy spotless kitchens of comit. For the holidays, stock

mercial bakers and candy up on the whole family of... you can't makers. U and I Sugar is U and I Sugars

"made at home"buy better.

DECEMBER 1961 979 I more fresh air and sunlight,"hisWHY DID ATTEND doctor said. That was a factor in

his father's purchasing a farm in the

East Mill Creek area. Gordon's

earliest recollection is that of watchLDS BUSINESS ing the stonemason lay the rocks for the fireplace in the Hinckley farmhouse. For the summer months of

every year, this became the Hinckley family the first home. It later wasCOLLEGE? "I meet * the newlyweds, and home of Gordon

the right kind Marjorie Hinckley.

Gordon's appetite for literature of young people came naturally. His mother often

read to her children from good at LDS."books. Then there was his father's

spacious home library.

But if Gordon liked books, he did not as a boy care for school. He

"kicked up a terrible fuss"when he started at Hamilton grade school.

As with many boys, he often tussled with his younger brother Sherman, bigger in body. ( Sherman was later

to become a successful mining executive.) One day their father

tossed a pair of boxing gloves before them. "Now the next time you want

to fight, put these on, move outside, and go after it in style,"Bryant S.

Hinckley said.

"My parents were wise disciplinarians,"Gordon Hinckley later said.

"I never recall their punishing us children physically."

Gordon feasted on work, developing Spartanlike courage and determination, and he could make stalled cars run, and while still a youth he could handle household electric, carpentry, and plumbing repairs. At

Christmastime, the Hinckley family library sparkled with his miniature scenes, complete with lights. On the

family farm he raised strawberries, corn, tomatoes, peaches, pears, and cherries.

His first paying job was as carrier for the Deseret News. Years later

he was named to the board of directors and executive committee of the

Deseret News Publishing Company, also to the board of directors of the parent company of KSL radio and television.

By the time he reached college,

Gordon was beginning to gain a reputation as a speaker. It was announced one day that United States

70 NORTH MAIN Senator Reed Smoot would give an address at the First Ward's SacraSALT LAKE CITY ment meeting. Senator Smoot was

Note: Look for a member of the Council of the

announcement of Twelve. Something developed on

Saturday which took the Senator our move to away. The bishop had to adjust

411 East South Temple.

Coming soon.

980 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA This Christmas... give the gift of Preparedness

No other Family Survival Kit offers so much

'for so little as

Exceeds Civil Defense minimum for 72hour PERMA'PAKemergency food supply for family of 6 (or 18 days for 1 person).

Here, as you can see, are the "instant"foods for 54 delicious, nutritious meals... for less than 20c a meal!

Compare with any

other Survival Kit selling for more $|2i5 than this low price.

JUST LOOK WHAT YOU GET!

Food Contents

ChickenRice Dinner [7Vioz. pkg.)

Camp Stew (7-oz. pkg.)

Instant Mashed Potatoes (6-oz. pkg.)

Beefflavored Gravy (l'/t-oz. pkg.)

MultiPurpose Food (16oz. pkg.)

Diced Carrots (3'/i-OZ. pkg.)

Instant Chicken Soup (IVioz. pkg.)

Instant Beef Soup (ll/2-oz. pkg.)

Instant Pea Soup (4-oz. pkg.)

Scrambled Eggs (4-oz. pkg.)

Rolled Oats Cereal (10 oz. pkg.)

Pancake/Biscuit Mix (3 12oz. pkgs.)

Mapleflavor Syrup Mix (6V20Z.)

Instant Pudding Mix (9-oz. pkg.)

Peach Slices (4V2oz. pkg.)

Apple Sauce Mix (two 4-oz. pkgs.)

Fruit Galaxy (51/2-oz. pkg.)

RyKrisp Crackers (8-oz. pkg.)

NonFat Dry Milk Solids (6 3V2oz. pkgs.)

Cocoa Mix (six 1-oz. pkgs.)

Orange Drink Mix (two 3-oz. pkgs.)

Punch Mix (two 3-oz. pkgs.)

Lemonade Mix (two 3-oz. pkgs.)

Salt (3 small packets) Water Purification Tablets (40)

Multiple Vitamin Tablets Plus suggested 3-day Menu

Emergency Items

Cups and Spoons, Heavy Aluminum Foil (for making cooking pan), Premoist Hand Cloths,

Cleansing Tissue, Survival Booklet, Canned

Heat, Matches, fish Hook and Leader, Nylon

Rope, Safety Pins, Needle and Thread, Signal

Whistle.

How to order Family Survival Kit. Come to our Retail Store at address bslow, or mail your order. Shipping Wt. 19 lbs. Check with Post Office for Parcel Post

rate. Send check or money order for correct amount

for $12.95 Kit plus postage. (Residents of Utah please

add 3% to price for Sales Tax.) Be sure to print your

name and address!

Orders received by Dec. 11th most likely will

be shipped to arrive by Christmas. Ask for

Free Catalog of all PermaPak products!

PIERIVJ/-VPAK PIONEERS IN PREPAREDNESS PRODUCTS

40 EAST ROBERT AVENUE (2340 SOUTH)

SALT LAKE CITY 15, UTAH, PHONE 4869671

DECEMBER 1961 981 DISTINCTIVE BINDINGS fast. Sunday morning he called in

For a Permanent Reference of the Improvement Era two of "his boys."Bosom pals, they

had been ward teaching companions, though both were only about twenty. The bishop asked them to

JP or 12 issues in handprepare to substitute for Senator some covers only $3.30. All Smoot that night.

Gordon Hinckley had a watering orders should be accomturn to handle that day at the fampanied with 12 Improveily farm. He handled it, but he was

there on the stand at Sacrament ment Eras and payment in meeting before an overflow congreadvance; plus postage for gation who had come to hear Senareturn mail. tor Smoot.

"When Gordy Hinckley finished speaking,"recalled his companion,

Bob (Robert F.) Sonntag, "people

The West's Finest had forgotten all about Senator

Printers and Binders Smoot's absence. The boy really

stirred them."

Gordon Hinckley has been acDeseret wifequaintedfrom withchildhoodhis sweetheartdays. Sheandis

browneyed, darkhaired, bright, and intelligent Marjorie Pay. They were

married in the Salt Lake Temple, News April 29, 1937, and soon moved into the Hinckley farmhouse in East Mill

Creek, with Gordon himself install33 RICHARDS ST/S Press ing the furnace and laying the brick

EM 4-2581 flue, but two years later they built

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH their present home, nearby. They

have been blessed with three daughters, Kathleen (Mrs. N. Alan

Idaho cook wins Gold Ribbon with this yeast recipe Barnes), Virginia, and Cynthia Jane, also two sons, Richard, now a misSwedish Tea Ring \Z sionaryElder inHinckleyGermany,servedand Clark.in several

"I found this recipe in a cookbook which I won as a prize Church positions in Liberty Stake, in my first contest,"says Mrs. Alton McDaniel of including stake Sunday School suBlackfoot, Idaho, Gold Ribbon winner for the best perintendent. He was called to the

yeast baking at the Eastern Idaho State Fair. "Now Sunday School general board at the

I hope you'll try this same recipe. But remember, it's age of twentyseven, serving in this

important to use Fleischmann's Active Dry capacity for nine years. The SabYeast. Fleischmann's rises fast every bath school lessons that he wrote on

time. I know it will give you the same the Old Testament and the Book of

wonderful results I always get."Mormon are still in use throughout

the Church. He has won wide acclaim as a writer and speaker and

/ Swedish Tea Ring Makes 1 large ring has distinguished himself as an adelastic, until board, and smooth Knead milk cup 3A ministrator. called In 1946 he was let rise in 8 minutes. about Cover; warmI sugar cup XA to the Mill East Stake Creek draft, until place, free doubled, about from 1 salt teaspoon

let rise Cover; minutes. down. in presidency, Knead 1956 and became {Vz stick) V\ Fleischmann's 45 cup

until minutes. 30 doubled, about Turn third president—the stake generation Margarine

lightly floured board. Roll out dough on V4 water very cup office. warm this to hold high Hinckley rectangle. 18 into x with 9-inch Brush

1 Yeast, Fleischmann's cake or package first the Ira Hinckley been N. had with Sprinkle margarine. melted cinnamon active or dry compressed

(if roll lengthwise. raisins desired); central in and of president Stake Millard eggs, 2 beaten

roll into greased ring a baking on Shape S. Utah, Hinckley Bryant had and sifted flour, 4 cups about

at sheet; seal to center ends. Snip almost

tablespoons melted margarine 2 for as president Liberty served Stake scissors. Pull sections intervals 1-inch with teaspoons 2 cinnamon years. many rise slightly. let twist Cover; apart and

raisins, optional V2 cup until half Mill hour. V2 Stake doubled, under East about Creek Bake

Scald milk; stir in sugar, salt and marat 350F. 25 min. Frost with confectioners'President Hinckley faced great chalicing with sugar Decorate while warm. very garine; cool to lukewarm. Measure for it is of the lenges, situated in one

if desired. cherries Sprinkle maraschino large bowl. or nuts and into water

in areas the rapidly growing most stir to Yeast; in Fleischmann's 1 warmcrumble

years the of Utah. State During mixture, in Stir milk lukewarm;? dissolve.

beat half the flour; beaten eggs in and the served until that Hinckley Elder

\ smooth. Stir in remaining flour to make

\ soft dough. Turn out onto lightly floured

ANOTHER FINE PRODUCT OF STANDARD BRANDS INCORPORATED

982 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA In the true spirit Christmas giving presidency, fifteen new wards were created, and the stake was twice divided to become four large stakes.

One day the stake president marked a spot in the fields where as a farm boy he had roamed, and at once the walls of a spacious new stake center began rising. The stake purchased

a 250acre welfare farm, and priesthood quorums and auxiliary organizations began collecting dimes and dollars Herefords and hogs. to buy

11 \kvvow>TS.UVvVim,1**Vx****n*P* w.oWftV*rtZSB**"<*# stakeThis grew in sinew under one,*aviVan*X

of its longtime sons.

Other East Mill Creek undertakings felt the influence of Gordon B.

Hinckley's straightfrom-theshoulder I'M a** 1*1**.

wisdom. For two years he was

president of the civic league, also a director of the water company.

During these days he and his brother

Sherman created two new subdivisions in the area, and in downtown business, he was one of the organizers of Recording Arts, Inc., of

which he is now vice president.

A broad, manysided background, rich in missionary service and leadership, moves into the Council of the Twelve with the new apostle.

of G. presidentAs Durham, Homer Version King AuthorizedBIBLES James Beloved WORLD

intiStateArizona University and gift greatest... the Bible This Christmas give the Holy friend of B.mate Hinckley Gordon

through some forty years, said: "Like of all. World offers you a wide selection of beautiful,

his father, Gordon has magnificent moderately priced editions appropriate for all ages.

gifts of written and oral expression. All printed on World IndoText, loveliest

His judgment stands up in every of India papers; all with words

situation. His insight into human of Christ in red.

character and situations is rich and meaningful. He knows when silence

is better than utterance. He has

a sense of humor that endears him to all."A resident in East Mill Creek de- A. FOR

scribed him also: "Out our way, THE

some of the scrub oak on the mounMasterFAMILYArt tain side grows extra tall and Reference Bible slender. Those trees are the first to Encyclopedia,with Biblical64

catch the morning sun, but they give reproductions of shade that draws people to them. famouspaintings, religious32 in color.

They have seen hard winters. Snows Thumbindexed. Black

pile high around them. They stand genuine leather, No. 2846-1

firm through storms. They are -$12.50.morocco, No.Handgrained2847-I-$18.00.

solid—and lofty too. Gordon Hinck- B. FOR THE STUDENT C. FOR YOUNG FOLKS

ley is like that—a slender oak."Excellent Concordance and many pages of Colorful illustrations, easyto-read print,

Readers'Aids. Illustrations and maps in selfpronouncing. Black genuine leather

Florentine decoration, 653—No. with gold Zipperclosed in Leathertex. color. Bound

Leathertex, $5.75. -$2.75. Black No. 674 or black, white, 236CZ, No. No. 231CZzipper, with 656Z-$3.75. White Same, No. covers, $4.50. overlapping Black No.

zipper, imitation leather with No. 654Z—230C-$3.50. $4.00.

GIFT D. PERSONAL BEAUTIFUL A (not shown) PRINT BIBLES Bible, slim, Heritage compact. The large, extra Bibles with Heritage New LARGENew system. Wonderfully Simplified reference Simplified reference system. type. clear

Indoultra-thin I hope I shall always possess firmclear printed type on 15 Aids, Readers'maps, Concordance,

Readers* Imperial. Text Concordance, illustrations. Black fullcolorness virtue to new maintain enough and

in red, Handgrained Aids, morocco maps. imita-—tion binding), leather (limp No. 952C the I consider enviablewhat most of $10.50. black, leather, No. or genuine No. $7.50. 857CBlack No. 859C, 956C—

all titles, the character of an "honest Black genuine leather (with illustrations) $12.75. Black handgrained morocco. No.

man."—George Washington. No. 851C-$7.95. 957C-$21.50.

Wherever books are sold.

THE WORLD PUBLISHING COMPANY Cleveland 2, Ohio Bible Publishers to America

NOW...EYERY NATURAL VITAMIN

These Times (Continued from page 892)AND MINERAL KNOWN OR

In Mr. Olney's dispatch of July 20,

BELIEVED TO BE IMPORTANT propriate1895, Presidentto quoteClarkthe following:found it ap-

"America... is devoted to the...

people right has an inalienable of selfgovernment—and, in theTO HUMAN NUTRITION... ALL principle—to the idea that every United

States of America, has furnished to the world the most conspicuous and conclusive example proof of and. IN ONE TABLET! the of free institutions, excellence

at less than 2$ per tablet tionalwhethergreatnessfrom the orstandpointof individualof nahappiness.

Lyman's "Is it true, then, that the safety and welfare of the United States are so concerned with the maintenance Daily Supply of the independence of every American state as against any European

Wonderful for ALL age groups... here's why! Unlike power as to justify and require the

most one-a-day tablets which contain but the normal interposition of the United States daily requirements of the knownto-beneeded vitamins whenever that independence is enand few or no minerals... each Lyman's Daily Supply dangered? The question can be

tablet provides more than the normal daily requirecandidly answered in but one way.

ments of knownto-beneeded vitamins, PLUS vitamins The States of America, South as well for which not yet have established been minimums but proximity, geographical as North, by in are strongly believed to which be the daily needed similarity natural sympathy, by by... diet of essential portion minerals... PLUS a generous

all derived from natural food sources and all in a natural of governmental constitutions, are food concentrate base. This assures availability to the friends and allies, commercially and

body of not only all these vitamins and minerals but politically, of the United States. To

also the various traveling agents (enzymes, coenzymes, allow the subjugation of any of them synergists, catalysts and trace minerals) which helps the by an European power is, of course, system properly utilize the vitamins and minerals. Also, to completely reverse that situation

by nutrients making available all these in a carefully all the adthe loss and signifies of select formula, can nature balanced whatever their natural to incident nutrients vantages needs, your no matter your age. body what

relations to us. But that is not all.

Yes... you can loose Nothing like Lyman's Daily Supply anywhere near the The people of the United States have

price! natural multiple the vitamins and Compare vital in interest of the popucause a with delicious, weight.. in minerals Daily tablets Supply Lyman's. compare

lar seself-government. have They

.. allin-one tablet units the. compare conthe USP economical, safe for right themselves and the cured

. all others. with the price venience.. then the compare

SURE MEAL You'lllowest findprice!this to be the best product of its kind at the bloodtheir posterityand treasure.at the costTheyof infinitehave

dietary Carefully balanced, powdered its realized exemplified beneand STAKE, ATTENTION! WELFARE, WARD, QUORUM, milk provides or water, with which, mixed ficent a career operation unexamby SOCIETY FUNDRAISING DIRECTORS OR RELIEF in a nutritional every essential element

of natural point greatness or pled in Daily at are available Supply tablets generous Lyman's diet. with 2 Sure lowcalorie slim Get

Meal servings daily. Then stay slim with group discounts when ordered in quantity lots. You individual felicity. They believe it

1 Sure Meal serving daily. Thus Sure Meal raise funds for your group projects, get constant reto be for the healing of all nations,

1 or 2 regular meals allows you a day vitaminorders for peat healthpromoting and make these civilization either adand that must the bulk requires. today! your Order body available mineral tablets to your families and missionor retrograde accordingly vance

aries at a low, low cost. Mail coupon below for details. as its supremacy is extended or

curtailed.... 2

Don Lyman & Associates, 1087 East 9th South, Salt Lake City 5, Utah, On December 6, 1904, President

Theodore Roosevelt added a signifiPlease send the following quantities of Lyman's Please send the following quantities of Sure Meal: cant "corollary"of the Monroe

Daily natural vitaminmineral tablets: Supply Size 20Meal 4.75 Doctrine. since the estabHowever,

Size... 40Meal Bottle...$1.95 100Tablet of 9.00 lishment of the Organization

Size (Case) 45.00 Bottle 500Tablet 8.95 240Meal

American States during and followdesired flavor: Q Defatted Check Chocolate, fj Bland, ing of the World II, much War Butterscotch, Vanilla. Maple,

We are interested in Lyman's Daily Supply in the original "punch"American tablets or Sure Meal as a fundraising project My name:Clark Memorandum, pp. 214215.

I may be personally interested in selling My address..

Lyman's Daily Supply tablets or Sure Meal. City Zone State.

984 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA jj...V

. >- Wellknown construction superintendent Frank Lemperle with volunteer workers at site of new church building.

Postum is the natural wholegrain drink that warms the heart

Have a cup of friendship... have a cup of Postum. So many Postum

leading citizens do. Postum is made from wholegrain cereals,

slowroasted to bring out a rich, satisfying flavor. It's hearty,

healthful, hospitable.

Postum is 100% coffeefree, contains no caffein or other K Instant t artificial stimulants. Ready in an instant, it's always welcome. POSTUM

Make sure you always have Postum on hand.

100% coffeefree Another fine product of General Foods

DECEMBER 1961 985.

position has been lost. dum on the Monroe Doctrine. What in arrangements which threaten the

Perhaps it is time for another does—or did—the Monroe Doctrine security of the United States, and

President of the United States to remean? President Clark's words, even in such cases, the Doctrine

vive the historic position of the dated December 17, 1928, say: runs against the European country,

United States with respect to the "It may, in conclusion, be renot the American nation, and the

Monroe Doctrine and "any attempt"peated: The Doctrine does not United States would primarily deal

by a European power—or any concern itself with purely interthereunder with the European counother power—to "extend its political American relations; it has nothing try and not with the American

system to any portion of this to do with the relationship between nation concerned. The Doctrine

hemisphere."the United States and other Ameristates a case of the United States vs.

Before so doing, it will be helpful can nations, except where other Europe, and not of the United States to such a President of the United American nations shall become invs. Latin America. Furthermore, the

States to read the Clark Memoranvolved with European governments fact should never be lost to view that in applying this Doctrine during the period of one hundred years since it was announced, our Government has over and over again driven

The price of liberty is eternal vigilance*'it in as a shield between Europe and the Americas to protect Latin Amer- ****** ica from the political and territorial thrusts of Europe; and this was done KEEP at times when the American nations

.. establishment of stable, permanent INFORMED were weak and struggling for the

governments; when the political

morality of Europe sanctioned, inJOIN deed encouraged, the acquisition of territory by force; and when many

of the great powers of Europe to eyes looked eager, covetous with metim/p metw the rich, of the areas undeveloped

American hemisphere. Nor should

What is the AllAmerican Society? another equally vital fact be lost

to education corporation and dedicated nonpartisan A nonprofit, sight has the States United of, that opconstitutional freedoms preserve action to and to help American to protecgive this able only been totalitarianism. all state socialism of forms and pose

tion against designing European

Who's behind it? powers because of its known willThe National Advisory Board includes: Gus P. Backman, Ezra Taft ingness and determination, if and

Benson, F. E. Ted Berrett, Harvey Dahl, John Dalton, David E. whenever necessary, to expend its

Heywood, Sr., Alonzo F. Hopkins, Glenn E. Nielson, Rose Marie treasure and to sacrifice American

Reid, W. Cleon Skousen, O. Leslie Stone, John M. Wallace. life to maintain the principles of the

What is the society doing? Doctrine. So far as Latin America is

We are: setting up an information and research center where liberty concerned, the Doctrine is now, and

books, films, tapes, periodicals, special reports and visual aids are always has been, not an instrument available; establishing a speakers'bureau; sponsoring major seminars of violence and oppression, but an

with national authorities; and supplying materials for study groups. unbought, freely bestowed, and

How will membership benefit you? wholly effective guaranty of their

Among many services, you will receive the Freeman magazine and a freedom, independence, and territorial integrity imperialagainst the specific to alerting sugbulletin with key developments you monthly 3 istic designs of Europe."fight to preserve each do gestions about what you can month in the

our freedoms. This, together with carefully selected mailings on a These are words which need to

score of subjects sent to you throughout the year will place you among be read and read again as we ponder the bestinformed Americans in our nation. in these times.

How do you join? 3Clark Memorandum, pp. xxivxxv.

Membership dues are being held down to minimum $12.00 per year

(only $1.00 a month) so that all may participate. Jut fill in and mail

the coupon below... you'll promptly receive our latest literature.

(Allfunds will be audited and disbursements publicly reported.) The cause of freedom is identified

A-**** with the destinies of humanity, and

The All American Society, P.O. Box 8045, Foothill Station, Salt Lake City, Utah * in whatever pan of the world it

Gentlemen: Enclosed is $12.00 for my individual membership in gains ground by and by, it will be

the All American Society for the next 12 months. all those who *** a common gain to Name

desire if.—Kossuth.

Address.'... *

City Zone State 986 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Stars in Your Eyes Lucy's laugh was like the tinkling into the warm, antiseptic drugstore.

music box in her papa's store, "Of I walked straight to the back coun- (Continued from page 903) course not! Who ever heard of such ter. I picked up the red photograph

a crazy thing. I just dare you to album.

editorial. This left Mama and me to prove it."Bill appeared out of the nowhere.

chatter. Lucy was always daring somebody "Let me help you, Kathy."

"Which perfume do you like best?"to prove something. Her dare "I'm buying the album for Mama,"

I asked her. aroused me as Papa's gentle words I said. "When you love anybody,

"Perfume?"Mama repeated. "The had not. "All right, I will. I'll prove you want to give them something

best perfume, Kathy, is the good it to you and right now."more than you want to get someclean smell of soap and water."Lucy's sarcastic laugh followed thing for yourself. I mean...

But I intended to use jasmine perme out the schoolroom door; it you feel... oh, you wouldn't underfume for the rest of my life, because echoed in my brain when I walked stand."( Continued on page 988

Bill said it suited me.

Papa came out of his reverie. He

said, "This year I hope to write the best Christmas editorial I've ever written. I'm calling it, 'Recipe

for Magic'In it I'm making a promise...."

"A promise?"Mama asked.

"Yes, I'm promising everyone who gives with no thought of getting, that his heart will become a harp upon which unseen hands will play

Christmas chimes, and that stars will shine in his eyes."

"Stars in his eyes,"Mama murmured. "Sounds pretty."

Papa turned to me, "It's more blessed to give than to receive,

Kathy. Don't ever forget that."He

cut himself a huge piece of pound cake and began to eat it, silently and meditatively.

I helped myself to a small piece of the cake. With my black eyes

fastened on Papa's black eyes, I also began to eat, silently and meditatively. More blessed to give than to g*'

receive; better to give a red plush S"

album than to get jasmine perfume?

That I doubted. Oh, a million years

from now, in the great hereafter, eternity, Papa and I would sit under green trees in an eternal Spring.

Then I would be as good as Papa. NEW

But not now. Not now! I must HOT CEREAL DISCOVERY

manage somehow to get both perFROM CARNATION!fume and album.

My chance came the very nextday. 100% nourishing golden wheat! New deeprich

said, don't Lucy "Why you tell flavor! Wonderful new smoothness what youme want for Christmas

and I'll hint to Bill? Might as well Now-a different kind of hot cereal! Brings welcome

make it something big, get all you variety, new flavor enjoyment, and finest natural can while the getting's good...."nourishment to family breakfasts! It is new Carna-

"Oh, I can't do that "tionderfulInstantnew smoothness,Wheat. 100%plusgoldendeeprichwheat flavor.-with wonAnd Carnation

"Well, for goodness sake! Why with all the natural active protein, B-vitamins and

not? If I had your chance...."minerals of true whole wheat assured by Carnation's

exclusive lowheat process. Surprise and please the Lucy's eyes were small and family with this new cereal. At your store right now! S&S!piggish. definitely They held no

stars. DISCOVER NEW CARNATION INSTANT WHEAT TODAY!

"Do you believe it's better to give than to get?"I asked her. a quality product from Qirnation aMmgi,

VISIT CARNATIOM EXHIBIT AT CENTURY 21 SEATTLE WORLD'S FAIR / APRIL 21 TO OCTOBER 21. 1962

DECEMBER 1961 987 Bill slowly tore off a length of Bill fled before the urgency in his star for herself.

hollystudded paper. As he looked papa's voice, and I fled before the I couldn't wait until Christmas day

at me, a miracle happened. Stars love in Bill's eyes. to give Mama her present. I had to

shone in his eyes. "But I do know,"Outside it was snowing. A white give it to her now.

he said, his voice all muffled and cloud blocked out the sordid world, When I put the package in her fuzzy, "I know because of you, and I floated up the street in a prihands and told her about the coupon

Kathy. You'll go to the Christmas vate world of my own. Papa was and the perfume I'd wanted to buy

dance with me...?"right. On the harp of my heart unfor myself, but didn't, her face

A tiny pulse beat in my throat, seen hands played Christmas chimes, lighted up as if it really were Christand deep inside me something and before my eyes blossomed an mas day. When I looked into her

trembled! "Of course I'll go,"I ancient star. I had never been so eyes, though, I couldn't decide

murmured. happy, but this was one thing I whether tears or stars glistened in

A bellow came from the back couldn't prove to Lucy. She would them.

region, "Oh, Bill! Oh, Bill!"have to feel the chimes and see the The red album glowed in the

lamplight. In time, no doubt, it

would be worn and faded, but in my memory it would always live on in

taught me the magic of Christmas. YOUR HOME all its crimson glory because it had In time, maybe, I'd be able to give

ENTERTAINMENT CENTER manyMama timespresentsthe whichprice ofwouldthe littlecost 23"TV - High Fidelity Stereo - FM/AM Radio album,costly, couldbut possiblyno present,ever holdhowevermore 23"overall diag. picture meas., 280 sq. in. of rectangular picture area. of my love.

allin-one combination Church Moves On (Continued from page 888)

been his first counselor. Counselors to President Rogers are Elder

William I. Poulter, Jr., who had

served as second counselor to President Smith; and Elder James A.

Kenning.

Funeral services for President til Joshua Reuben Clark, Jr.,

were conducted at 12:30 this

afternoon in the Salt Lake Tabernacle. Speakers were Elders Marion

G. Romncy, Harold B. Lee, and

President Joseph Fielding Smith of the Council of the Twelve; President

Henry D. Moyle and President

David O. McKay of the First Presidency. Interment was in the Salt

efoa*vt&uu<f/C?p(0<feuo* Lake City cemetery.

At the weekly temple meeting BEST IN TV PERFORMANCE! ofthe theCouncilFirst ofPresidencythe Twelve,and

Handcrafted Service Saver Chassis gives you greater operthe First Presidency was reorganating dependability, fewer service headaches. You get great ized. President Henry D. Moyle,

brighter, sharper TV pictures with Zenith's Sunshine Picture who has served as second counselor

Tube. to President David O. McKay since

first as sustained 1959, was June IN BEST STEREO! THRILLING

B. Brown, President counselor. Hugh

fidelity Zenith's stereo records high all your sound makes the in as counselor served has who with Tone CobraMaticd] Deluxe changer better on Cobra suslast since was Presidency June

Arm. tained as second counselor.

BEST IN DRIFTFREE FM! President Hugh B. Brown of

To make your entertainment complete, the Glenlake features the First Presidency dedicated world famous Zenith FM with Automatic Frequency Control the new Bureau of Informafor driftfree FM listening.

Available at your local Zenith Dealer

988 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

tion building and director's residence at the Joseph Smith birthplace,

Sharon, Vermont.

Elder Harold R. Permann sustained as president of American

Falls (Idaho) Stake succeeding

President Leonard T. Ralphs. Elder

Permann, who> had served as second counselor, chose as his counselors

Elders Lavon L. Warner and Raymond K. Briggs. Released with

President Ralphs was his first counselor, Elder Grant M. Beck.

Additional organization within the framework of the AllChurch Coordinating Council, first announced at the priesthood session of the semiannual general conference, was made known. Four

members of the Council of the Twelve have been selected to head the groups: Elder Harold B. Lee

heads the coordinating council; Elder Marion G. Romney the adult

group within the council; Elder

Richard L. Evans the youth group

within the council; Elder Gordon B.

Hinckley the child group within the council. Four Brigham Young University professors have been called

as interim secretaries: Dr. Antone K.

Romney as interim secretary for the

AllChurch Coordinating Council;

Dr. Reed H. Bradford will serve with

the adult committee; Dr. Daniel H.

Ludlow will be interim secretary for the youth committee; and Dr. B.

West Belnap will serve with the children's committee. The AllChurch

Coordinating Council is composed of the heads of the general Church auxiliary organizations, the Presiding TASTE ITS TINGLING TARTNESS

Bishop, and Dr. Ernest L. Wilkinson, Here's Sprite... the spark-a-ling new soft drink that's

chancellor of the Church Educationbrisk and bright, crystalclear and icylight. Taste its al system.

tingling tartness in the bright green bottle with the

Reno North Stake was organbubbles. From the same company that bottles CocaCola.

ized from portions of Reno ( NevadaCalifornia ) Stake with Elder Vern H. Waldo sustained

as stake president, and Elders Glen

H. Judd and Dean C. Fletcher as his

counselors. Both President Waldo

and Elder Judd served as counselors THE CENTER OF

/::; to President James P. Ronnow of the (v CONVENIENCE

Stake. counselors to Reno New

President are Elders LeonRonnow ',, 9M MOTELNEW AMERICA COVO/dff

Robison ard D. George and

F. 320BEAUTYBEAUTIFUL"*INSALONAT fIFTMBARBERSOUTHROOMSSHOPI.:'. Tonini. Stake Reno North was organized under the direction of Elder

Howard W. Hunter of the Council -W

of the Twelve and Elder Eldred G.

Smith, Patriarch to the Church. The lll'rallfllrlirilTTllK'llnllllllilH'll

parent Reno Stake was first organized February salt lake cif y 9, 1941. Mw*...*%iwi**auwI

DECEMBER 1961 989 TITHING SETTLEMENT MELCHIZEDEK R ESTHOOD, THE 1962 STUDY COURSE

It is important that members receive full and accurate credit for all tithing 1. For servicemen and stusix dents months away, offering is to the paid this Church. and fast certain that done, each To make

or less. tithing has settlement at It is a year. the of the ward of obligation the end

the white Keep membertithe this to attend each settlement. payer

ship card ward. in home

not send a pink dupDo date the bishop of The will be announced by each ward. presiEach quorum licate to anyone. is requested the dency of to remind this of the members quorum urge date and

them to attend the settlement. The word should be taken to those not present. 2. For servicemen and/or

their families who are away more than six months.

Obtain land based location where each man will be stationed. This mustaccompany the APO or

FPO address, which will then be sent with two pink membership cards to the Presiding Bishopric's Office.

3. Career servicemen and

families. Do not use the

pink card. Send the original white membership

This past year, those who read the Book of Mormon in the Melchizedek Priestcards to the PBO. Inhood study course were enriched. Everyone who has mentioned it testifies of clude forwarding addrei

increase of spirituality, new enthusiasm, greater insight, more feel of the Spirit.

One has added something eternal to his soul when he pauses to ponder 4. Students away over six

over this: months.

Send one pink card to "Adam fell that man might be; and men are, that they might the PBO promptly. Inhave joy."(2 Nephi 2:25.) clude forwarding address.

Or the fundamental, soul stirring, declaration of the witnesses:

"And we lie not, God bearing witness of it."(Testimony of Eight

Witnesses, Book of Mormon.)

The 1962 study course is to discuss the great eternal doctrines and ethical teachings of the gospel as revealed in the Book of Mormon. Joseph, the

Prophet, said:

"I told the brethren... that the Book of Mormon was the most 2. In "remarks"space on

correct of any book on earth, and the keystone of our religion, and reverse side write date a man would get nearer to God by abiding by its precepts, than by and place to which pink any other book."(History of the Church, vol. 4, p. 461. card was sent. Place the.

card in the back of the Let all search diligently for its truth at the weekly priesthood meetings held ward record book.

in each ward throughout the Church each Sunday morning.

2. Tithing and offerings of

The study manual prepared by Elder William E. Berrett is exceptionally the member will not be

clear. It is easy to follow, to find the enriching truths of the book. This paid to the home ward.'

manual is now ready at the Deseret Book Co. in the following editions:

3. Statistics will not be inPaper cover 65c The teacher's supplement is 30c cluded in those of home"

Cloth......$2.00 Order now, and be ready for 1962. ward.

990 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

THE PINK MEMBERSHIP CARD

Two important facts are facing us as we go into 1962:

1. The armed services are calling our boys—holders of the priesthood—both the Aaronic and Melchizedek.

2. Many of those remaining are going to schools and colleges away from home, others on temporary

employment. Often one or another of these moves

families. the face whole /* We

No.ir, Hd.of -1 H. P. Ssv. Eld. D- Mil. Fm'l. Wdr.JWid

FIRST NAME Child Yaar "Nlam factinvolves Pri.CONVERTTee. that these MIDDLE NAME members must be

IUBE MONTH ADDRESS YEAR MNCILI their to promptly reported ward new CURRENT

FULL NAME MOTHERMAIDEN FATHER'*full or leaders. in turn, will branch These,

MO. DAY TSAR PLACE COUNTY 1 NAME*STATE PR COUNTRY

CITIIIM ORM TOWN OR CITY OP * OHMATE their to best do each one welcome and

BY HI jh ft. MhhnI BY activity his give in him home. new

Patr. IImj. Manud J*

CiwhwE, is the Tinru(N information WHICH The by which means tndawadTtmpls PtHM Mtrrlaoa is to transmitted be the of the use by TSBSBaf Par. is Hd.

Mat pink duplicate card. membership WHAT Ifa

AND **., is MittlaaCItIIMtrrtaa* CITYMISSIONTATa illustrated its relaits use and Here *-m

its original. white tion to (PULL MAME> MEMBER HUSBAND OR WIFE (MARK X) *z.

PLACE BORN children MARRIBD["ITO ORNONMEMBERREMARKS Q X MO. DORNDAT YEAR

s!5W 5. Families away over six months on tempor-

3 ary assignments (such as to Iran).

lit Send two pink cards for each member to theThoseP.B.O.awayIncludeon temporaryforwarding employmentaddress.

(more than six months).

pink one {X. LIST ADOPTED OR BT y tV Send

THE PINK DUPLICATE MEMBERSHIP CARD forwarding address.card to the P.B.O. with The ward or branch receiving\the pink

card will be completely responsible for the member. Tithing and offerings will be

paid there, recommends issued, ordinations cleared and performed. The member will

be included in all statistics. 4. When the absentee returns

The pink card will return also. From this

copy transfer all changes in priesthood status and other pertinent information on to the white card. Place the white card

in the active file. Destroy the pink card.

THE WHITE MEMBERSHIP CARD 5. Warning

WHAT TO DO WHEN THE PINK CARD HAS BEEN SENT If there is a delay in receiving the pink "Mark X in card, actias as soon the member is home /Tf Tasr lorn Prassr Is* Hd.af fc WoV. Wid H.P. Scv. Eld. Pri.CONVERTTaa. Dei. Mali Fm'IsjChild SURNAME PIRBT KAMI MIDDLE NAME Eh vate the white card the and request

(Uf I pencil. YEAR MONTH CURRENTADDRESS

card. instructions Follow in number four

FATHER'SFULL soon as the pink card arrives.

BORNDATE NAMEMO. DAY YEAR PLACEIOKN TOWN OR CITY COUNTYMOTHER'SMAIDEN NAMESTATEFULLOR COUNTRY CITIZENWHAT NATIONOP as m pink

ft. sv lauad BY High 1 Exception

P*tr. BaptfMd!*.

WHICH quorum is responsible for sendThe home.{: n 'Am Conlmd. Endowad TEMPLEIN

Dmcan ItfBfTHMMi ing the ImproveChurch and The News Taackar Sid. io Par.

PTHMJ: to servicemen. Era ment

WHAT Eldsr Mi direct to these sent Ssvsnty Orders should be for Marriaq*Civil..ion CITYMISSIONSTATEAND

the Deseret and Improvement The News (PULL NAMEi HUSBAND OR WIFE (MARK X> MEMBER D NON.MEMBER O 0.am

CHILDREN X MO. BORNDAY TEAR PLACE BORN the Era. ward and home of The bishop

y*B,is waFPC the home quorum send monthly letters to servicemen.r-*v *m

u Exception 2.

letters quoto absent members of Monthly ward the responsibility of home rums are

LIST ADOPTEDLIST OROWNSTEPCHILDRENCHILDREN ONLYON REVERSEHERE BIDS TRANSFERREDMARK E IN COLUMNTO ANOTHERAT RIOHTWARDIPORCHILDMARRIED / and quorum.

DECEMBER 1961 991 THEv.--v:-v--v:-;v- r. r,-vr'>/-:->y''-'-.-:v::- BIG

QUES TION

For several years now the Presiding Bishopric has been urging each ward to organize and conduct schools for their senior members of the Aaronic iPRiSIDW Priesthood. These schools have proved to be the

most effective means ever devised to reactivate senior members and their wives. The procedure for organizing a school is comparativly simple. TOCS Hfi The bishop should appoint a school director or

principal; then appoint a good, kindhearted, wellinformed person as instructor. Those to attend should

be personally invited. These steps plus additional

followup by the advisers will provide the ingredients for an effective school for senior members.

Sometimes the simplicity of the school program is a deterrent causing some of us to seek other, more complex, methods which bring fewer results. Perhaps we are like Naaman, a Syrian noble who, at the

suggestion of a little Hebrew maid captured in war, went to Elisha to be cured of leprosy. Elisha ordered

him to bathe seven times in the River Jordan to be cured. He almost refused to comply because he was

disappointed in the simplicity of the instructions. He

expected more ritual and complicated procedures, but after some hesitation he submitted to bathe seven times in Jordan and was healed.

Are you as bishop hesitating to organize schools for your senior members? Does the school program seem

too simple to be effective? Perhaps you have organized one or two schools and feel you have complied

with the request. What would have happened with

Naaman if he had stopped bathing after six times?

Would that have been enough?

It is obvious that our goal is to continue an effective program until all senior members have become active and ordained to the Melchizedek Priesthood. Is your

program for activating senior members of the Aaronic

Priesthood effective? This is the big question!

992 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA SECOND SUNDAY COMBINED yourecognizehave thattakenthesein thatadvisersdirection,will profitevenfromthoughthe effortthey

AARON3C PRIESTHOOD MEETING TO will not be called upon actually to make the presenBE DISCONTINUED IN 1962 tation next year.

WARD TEACHING SUPPLEMENT

During 1962, on the second Sunday of each month, the combined Aaronic Priesthood meeting will be disPRAYING WITH PURPOSE continued, and each Aaronic Priesthood quorum, both over and under twentyone, is to meet separately in its As we view with awe the scientific achievements of individual quorum meeting. man during recent years and even recent months, can

In the October issue of The Messenger, it was there be any room for doubting or wondering if the announced that the second Sunday quorum meetings Lord can hear our secret prayers?

of Aaronic Priesthood under 21 would be devoted to Do you ever wonder about mans discovery which the study of the new missionary plan used by stake has become a common practice to transmit pictures and foreign missionaries, entitled "Uniform System thousands of miles through the air? Are you amazed

for Teaching the Investigator."This missionary plan that by just turning the knob on your television set

will not be used for the lesson material as it was you can view an opera thousands of miles away just announced in the last Messenger, but there will be as if you were sitting in the audience? With another

a continuation of the regular lesson manuals until turn of the same knob you are seated on the fifty yard

October 13, 1962. From October 13 until the end of line watching an exciting football game being played

the year, the lesson will be taken from a special many miles in another direction. The transmission

manual that will be sent to every ward prior to of sound is an everyday practice—even a mere whisper

October 13. can be amplified beyond the sound of the trumAs announced in October general conference, a new pet blast.

allchurch coordinating council was established to Because of these many wonderful inventions man correlate the total instructional and activity program can communicate across the continent and across the for all age groups in the Church. This committee, world without wires and other manmade connecting

after carefully analyzing the instructional plan for mediums. Today we can even communicate with the

the organizations affecting the Aaronic Priesthood astronaut who is thrust by rocket propulsion into under 21, decided it would be inadvisable to embark outer space. Yet, with all of these accomplishments

on the previously announced program of having the man has discovered just a small part of the vast boys memorize the dialogue in the missionary teachpower and knowledge that is possessed by God.

ing plan. Hence, during 1962, the second Sunday will As we contemplate these miraculous inventions, we

be devoted to the regular quorum lesson. begin to comprehend some degree of our Heavenly

The special lesson manual that will be sent to you Father s power, and it does not seem impossible but prior to October will involve 12 lessons that will natural, for he "... knoweth what things ye have

parallel in doctrine the message outlined in the "Unineed of, before ye ask him."(Matthew 6:8.)

form System for Teaching the Investigator."These, In a time when much of our neglect of duty is

however, are to be taught by the quorum adviser. being blamed on the speed and hwryscurry of our

With the elimination of the combined Aaronic society it would be well for us to consider the practiPriesthood meeting on the second Sund?.y, it should cal advice offered by Brigham Young:

be understood that the bishop has the prerogative, "Say your prayers always before going to work.

and indeed the responsibility, to call a combined meetNever forget that. A father—the head of the familying of the Aaronic Priesthood occasionally as specific should never miss calling his family together and

circumstances may warrant. Otherwise, it is suggested dedicating himself and them to the Lord of Hosts,

that each member of the bishopric will devote his asking the guidance and direction of his Holy Spirit entire time to the attendance of quorum meetings in to lead them through the day—that very day. Lead

the Aaronic Priesthood, both over and under us this day, guide us this day, preserve us this day, twentyone. save us from sinning against thee or any being in

Undoubtedly, with our earlier announcement many heaven or on earth this day! If we do this every day,

stakes and ward have already commenced training the last day we live we will be prepared to enjoy their quorum advisers to teach these missionary lessons a higher glory.

used in the uniform plan. We are sorry for any incon- "We may say that our work drives us and that we

venience you may have been caused. Also, we have not time to pray, (Continued on page 1004)

DECEMBER 1961 993 May |our Christmas be filled with Ms a ringing Children playing lyes a glouuj

FAMILY TODAYS fires burning lourd ones laughing lueryone singing and B. PINNOCK, EDITOR ine trees scenting Home FLORENCE

is that casts that word a magicChristmasspell over children of all ages. Whether

you are one year old or ninety, Christmas turns on a glow in your heart. Let

this glow burn brightly; the world needs

its warmth.

My Christmas present to you this year is something very precious, something that has taken years to accumulate, something you too can give away and add to the happiness of others. This present is a number

of the best candy recipes that it has been my good fortune to collect and improve and use, time and time again. These recipes are the best I know anything about; they are treasures.

There comes a time when we must make choices.

"The world is so full of a number of things..."that

we only have time for the very best. Time to read

just the best books, time to see only the best shows, to listen to the best music, and time to make just the very best recipes.

Best is such a superlative word that we must sharpen our judgment so that the best is really the best. This can be done in many ways, by studying,

by listening to those who are wiser and by the trial and error method. This day of expert research can

lift us over this last method. Recipes have been

perfected until the only error is the human one. It has a hard time, but candy is an energy food and has

is so discouraging to spend the time making a culinary its place. One girl said, "I just like super calories.

dish and have it turn out fit only for the garbage dis- I'm not going to waste my allotted calories on poor posal. This will not happen if you use timetrusted candy; give me one luscious piece, and I'm happy."

recipes. But for candy making be prepared also The best candy is made from the best ingredients: fine

with the right tools. Acquire a correct candy thersugar, thick cream, sweet butter, fresh nuts, true

mometer and a good wooden paddle, flat on the flavorings, and a good grade of chocolate. Also, to

bottom for stirring, add a pastry brush, exact measurmake the best candy you must be in the mood, work ing cups and spoons, a rightsized pan, and a marble leisurely in a spotless kitchen, follow the recipe and slab. This piece of marble need not be a wellcut directions meticulously. If all this sounds difficult,

flawless piece, it can be old, obtained from a secondit isn't. Just get yourself wellorganized before

hand store and chipped on the edges, but it should measuring the first grain of sugar. Ready? Then let's

be at least 20 by 20 inches. Another important thing get started on the queen of all candies, a perfect

about making delicious candy is to store the finished caramel. This recipe comes down through at least

product carefully. Don't let it dry out by standing thirty years from a teacher, Blanche Cooper, in the

on the work table too long or form extra moisture by home economics department at the University of Utah.

storing it uncovered in the refrigerator. Another Miss Cooper considered candy making an art, and

hazard of leaving the candy around after making it this was one of her favorite recipes.

is that at least half of it will disappear mysteriously. Verject Caramels

Good homemade candy deserves a place of honor IV2 pounds or 2 cups light Karo syrup when served. A pale, pink fragile plate is a perfect 1 pound or 2 cups sugar

background for luscious pieces of nutty fudge. An 16 oz. or 3 cups whipping cream

unusual basket is a compatible container for spun V2 to 1 teaspoon salt peanut brittle, and butter mint puffs are at their 2 tablespoons vanilla best on a tall crystal or silver compote. V2 can Eagle Brand Milk

In this calorieconscious world a piece of candy 1 cup walnuts

DECEMBER 1961 995.

for those you love

Boil the sugar together syrup and is SEASON'S GREETINGS until the mixture almost ready to change color. Stir constantly

throughout cooking or it will burn easily, especially as it thickens. Scald

the whipping cream in a double boiler. Add scalded cream to the PHato syrup and sugar mixture gradually,

keeping it boiling and of the same consistency. Scald the Eagle Brand

Milk, add it to the rapidly boiling Caffds mixture a little at a time. Boil to

picturing you and your family a medium hard ball stage or, at 4,000 to 5,000 feet, to 230 degrees F.

(See December 1960 Era for candy chart regulating degrees to different altitudes.) Add salt, nuts, and

vanilla to candy before taking from heat. Pour out on a level slab with

1 inch bars marking 12 by 12 inches.

Butter slab and the bars. Let stand

overnight without moving, remove bars and cut in 1 inch squares, wrap in cellophane, or wax paper to store.

is basic candy cream A good is delicious This 50 CARDS with ENVELOPES $3.49 panocha. candy

100 CARDS with ENVELOPES $5.99 poured into a 9 by 9 inch pan and

CHOOSE YOUR FAVORITE served cut into 1 inch cubes. I alFAMILY SNAPSHOT ways think that homemade candy is

The most delightfully warm and most attractive cut into larger than personal Christmas Greeting of usual pieces. This panocha may be

all—and so inexpensive! Run used in many ways. It may be

favorite family your through into thin rolls nine and long molded—pick the negatives one now of the coating a thin with covered to appear on want your you

Christmas Card—and mail above caramels then rolled in pecans

coupon below today. Your to make a wonderful pecan roll. It

will cards their be on Christmas and used as be molded may also in a weeks, few way to you centers of chocolates. all! envelopes to creamy Order and now

avoid disappointment! Panocha

ILLUSTRATED: NEW SAM'SP.O. Box 1115.PHOTODept. AA, SuitLABLake City, Utah 12 poundcups whitepackagesugarof brown sugar

"SLIMLINE"Please find enclosed $ for Christmas \Vz cups half and half cream

I want: 1 teaspoon vanilla CARD - ACTUAL SIZE: Photos with attached negatives.

3W'x7"together, cream sugars and the Mix Print SATISFACTION GUARANTEED Please heat, stir place until over dissolved Name let boil, lid to pan, bring and on... Address ORDER NOW! lid 1 the for minute, remove cook

State on City Sojtx! guarantee of delivery No stirring concooking, continue and PRESIDENTS ber 1 of UTAH received orders Decern add 3% TAX after let to stantly as on it catch not so -J

the bottom of the pan. Wipe down

sides of pan with wet pastry brush

NEED MONEY? as crystals form. Cook to a softball

Let us help you. L.D.S. TRAVEL GUIDE! dropstage. a Thisteaspoonmeansof thethat hotyousyrupcan

YES! your stake, ward, M.I. A., Available at L.D.S. book dealers everywhere. into cold water and be able to pick

Relief Society and other AuxilNEW—$1.00 per copy. This is what you've it up between your thumb and first

drive long or for! waiting a been A short roll it, will barely finger but it and iaries can buy our "STUFF"is This vacation. country your cross answer

its shape. buttered hold on Pour

to the question, Church to can go "Where we

WHOLESALE. today?"Within this small 3V2"x5V2"booklet slab, cool, beat until creamy and

Maxfields Quality Chocolates for Christmas lies the solution to that question; whether you thick. Add nuts.

U.S.A. or are in the Complete Canada. Halls Candy Canes adThe following is a good basic finger tips. places at your of meeting dresses

Shupe Williams Christmas Mix Look for the state and city, and there you fudge recipe. It too may be used as

Start Now—Contact have it. A must for every vacation and a centers for chocolates, or it may be

gift. your wonderful Send and return money

Calif. cut into 1-inch squares or molded P.O. Leandro, address to Box 124, SanTHEATRE CANDY SUPPLY COMPANY

Empire 4-3669 Immediate delivery.

225 West So. Temple Salt Lake City, Utah

996 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA into rolls and covered with nuts andcut into slices. Save Now

for the Things Basic Fudge 4 cups sugar You Want Most IV2 cups half and half cream 4 squares bitter chocolate 3 to 4 tablespoons butter vanilla

Grate the bitter chocolate into the cream. Cook on medium heat until

the chocolate is melted. Add the

sugar gradually. Cook to softball

stage. Take from heat, add butter,

pour on marble slab. Cool and

beat.

The words quick and easy have a great appeal today in this busy Your savings account at Western Savings can asworld. The following recipe is an sure you of the things you and your family want

excellent quick fudge recipe. most. College for the children... travel for your-

... better furnishings for your home... whatQuick Fudge selves

Boil, at medium heat 6 minutes, ever you want the safe and the sure way is to stirring constantly, 4V2 cups sugar save with Western... where I

and 1 large can of evaporated milk. you get the very most.

Remove from heat and add two 6- chips, chocolate of packagesounce insured occounr by to $10,000 Earnings 0/ft\

Insurance Savings Loan and Federol jar ofone 8-ounce marshmallow, Compounded permanenr agency a of the m* and theYourCorporation,

Semiannually Slates United Governmenr. until of butter. thicksquare Beat

in the pan in which it was cooked.

Beat until thick enough to pour and Mail this coupon today:

not run. Add 2 cups nuts and 1

teaspoon vanilla. Pour into a 9 by 1?

9 inch pan. Cool in refrigerator for WESTERN SAVINGS SALT LAKE CITY, UTAHat least two hours. Cut and store

in a covered container. Enclosed is my check money order

for $.... Please open a savings 1

Minted Chocolate Rolls mav be account in the name of: WESTERN SAVINGS

with the addition of a fewmade LOAN AND COMPANY of essencedrops of peppermint Office—45 East to Name Homethis 1st South recipe. until quick fudge Beat 1

cool. intosmooth and Mold long (if a joint account put second name here) CottonwoodSalt LakeOfficeCity,—Utah4989 Highland Drive

rolls about an inch and a half in Address Holladoy, Utah diameter, then roll in chopped City State Portland Office—N. E. Sandy at 43rd

pecans. Wrap in foil and store Portland, Oregon

in a cool place.

the postage both ways when you save by mail Butter mint puffs are a specialty We pay any homemaker would like to add to her talents. They are the perfect

accompaniment to a special tea, luncheon, or dinner. They are one

of the simplest candies to make if the recipe is followed carefully. FOR YOUR CHURCH BULLETIN BOARDS CHURCH

Butter Mint Puffs SCHOOL for Indoor! CHURCH<5f I.ATTBR.0A'/ of JES'JS SAINTSCHRIST hot water 1 cup LODGE!V4 butter pound or Outdoor IT'S EASY! %e&n?g IT'S FUN! 3 cups sugar

2 teaspoons white Karo syrup cans$50.00of KitchenFreshEVERYTIME Cocoanut10 membersor Peanuteach sellCrunch10 Use...

size quart The 100%$1.00 canFamous... ChangeableLetterDAV-SON BoardsEssence of peppermint CandyPROFIT!nisters costat sell for your groupMARKper can!50cUP!each $1,001 and

100 cans today. Order Directory Announceand Take NO MONEY! all inSEND until Stir the dissolved to to 30 send days your payment. Give name, $50 UP Cork Boards, ment

title of address, address complete and and name Boards, Chalk Boards,Name thegredients—except peppermintschool, lodge, group, officer, church, 2nd name etc. Plates, etc., express of desired, eachof quantity and for the lid slowlyput cook on and sent to post). Extras cover (no parcel nearestFREE

only. Offer cost. to groups open officeshipping catalog. for free WRITE

Dent LS-2 COUIER VERNE 19th ST. BIRMINGHAM 900 NORTH *. Al B A.Dept. C.IE, DAVENPORT311 North Desplaines Street,& SON,Chicago 6,INC.Illinois.

DECEMBER 1961 997 3 minutes. the Remove lid, cook pick a room until it threads F. or to 250 degrees

at 4,000 to 5,000 feet altitude. Pour

then withonto butteredbuttered fingersmarble asslab.soonPickas posup

sible and stretch like taffy. Stretch

until it holds its shape, add the peppermint, and pull out into a oneinch rope. Cut immediately with

the scissors into oneinch pieces. Let

set for an hour then store in tightly covered tin container. Pale pastel

colors may be added while stretching.

pick the phone that suits it best We all have memories of a speNow, you can choose your extension phone as you cial candy in our childhood. A box

choose your furniture—the right style for the Christmasof aplets timeusuallyat ourshowedhome. upTheyat

right room. To enjoy the beauty and usefulness were commercially made, but the

of an extension phone in your home, just call our following recipe will make a delibusiness office, or ask your telephone serviceman. cious duplicate.

Mountain States Telephone (J) ApletsVi cup cold applesauce 2 tablespoons Knox gelatine % cup applesauce 2 cups sugar 1 cup coarsely chopped walnuts 1 tablespoon vanilla 11 11 Soak the gelatine in the cold BURNED OUT applesauce for 10 minutes. ComREALLY MEANS BURNED OUT TODAY bine the % cup applesauce with the

sugar and boil on medium heat for

A fire may mean you are out of a place to live, 10 minutes. Combine both mixwith tremendous added expense before you find tures and boil 15 minutes, stirring

another. constantly. Take from heat. Add

nuts and vanilla. Pour into a loaf

Let us explain your need for ample insurance tin and let stand overnight in the to cover today's higher values. refrigerator. Loosen edges and

scoop from pan onto a mound of sugar. powdered inch Cut into UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY piece roll each squares and

HEBER J. GRANT & CO., General Agents, Salt Lake City powdered sugar. in

English toffee is a favorite with almost everyone. The nice part of

making this toffee is that only a very few minutes are needed to make it, pour and it from the pan you when it is in, People 50 to 80 EEEEQ are finished cooked you

Tear Out This Ad with it. All that is left to do is to

it into ediblesized pieces break and.. to find mail it today and

It I serve. travels well, a and know for still apply can out you. how girl to has the pleasure added who

life policy insurance a $1,000 of friends as leave her they of many of final to take care help trips, by giving them a box of exFOLDING on burdening your without penses this rich candy. family. PEDESTAL TABLES

Direct from factory savYou handle the entire transacing to Churches, Schools, English Toffee all organiLodges tion sugar 1 cup by zations. 1962 MONROEand tablespoons of water Folding Tables Banquet are 2 CAN mailKANSASwith OLDCITY.AMERINo. Clubs,

obligation. No one will call on *1 unmatchedbility, conveniencefor quality,and handdura- Vz pound butter

you! some appearance. 94 models and sizes for

every use. Write for Cut the butter into small pieces,

giving today, Write simply your name, FREEBIG 1962 CATALOG to of address birth. Mail and year tables, chairs, add the sugar and the water. Cook Old Colorpictures. FulllineMONROE

American Insurance Co., 4900 Oak, Dept. table and chair trucks, platformrisers, portL1217M, Kansas City, Mo. able partitions. Write today!

THE MONROE CO., 249 Church St., Colfax, Iowa

998 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA..!!

over medium heat stirring constantly BETWEEN until caramelized and a golden...brown color. Cover the bottom of TEMPLE SQUARE VISITS

a small cookie sheet with pecans and pour the hot candy over the enjoy a snack at Hotel Utah's delightful new nuts. Cool and break into pieces.

... in the There are many peanut brittles, BOWLft BASKET

but the following is delicious and lower lobby, opposite almost foolproof. the Coffee Shop

entrance.

Peanut Brittle Open 'round the clock 1 cup sugar—24 hours a day

Vz cup white corn syrup Vz cup water Tasty food..

1 cup peanuts (plain or salted) fast service..

1 tablespoon butter pleasant surroundings

Vz teaspoon vanilla 1 teaspoon soda HOTEL UTAH Cook the sugar, syrup, and water to the softball stage, add the peaHome of the famous SKY Room nuts, and continue cooking until the Max Dean, Manager syrup is light brown and gives a hard crack test. Remove from heat,

add the vanilla, butter, and then the soda. Mix lightly and pour onto

a buttered cookie sheet.

Now last but far from least is a spun peanut brittle. I have given

you this recipe before, but it would eae&, be a shame if it was not included in this collection.

Spun Peanut Brittle an oil painting by 2 cups sugar 1 cup white Karo syrup ARNOLD water1 cup salt FRIBERG ofDash Boil these ingredients together YOU ARE INVITED TO VIEW THE ORIGINAL OF for the thewith one minlid on pan lidute. boil the mixTHIS GREAT PAINTING AT SOUTH EAST FURNITURE and Remove

ture until it spins a thread, then You can view this magnificent new masterpiece by Arnold Friberg, worldrenowned add 2 cups of peanuts. (If you use painter of scriptural events, on the mezzanine floor of the South East Furniture in

salted peanuts omit the dash of Sugar House in Salt Lake City each weekday from November 24th through salt.) Stir and cook until it is brittle

and a golden color or to 300 degrees December 24th. "Peace, Be Still"is the first in a profoundly stirring series of "Gospel-

F. at 4,000 to 5,000 feet altitude. Rein-Art"paintings sponsored by The Improvement ERA.

move from heat, add a quarter of of teaspoonsa pound butter, 1% soda, vanilla. teaspoons Pour SOUTH EASJL.. and 2out on 2 cookie sheets. As soon as 2144 Highland Drive in Sugar House @Rt/tU Tjfait begins to set, stretch out with

forks and fingers until very thin. It

will be a bit messy doing this, but the results are worth it. Stretch it

so thin that it is almost just peanuts SAVE BY MAIL held together with spun sugar. PAID FOUR for SEVENTYFIVE YEARS IN USE

TIMES in simple treatment of Canker, A YEAR Aids

ACCOUNTS INSURED sore throat and other minor mouth

I will honor Christmas in my heart, *1 0,000.00TO and threat irritations.

year.and try to keep it all the

—Dickens MUTUALAND LOAN ASSOCIATIONSAVINGS HALLS REMEDY

Salt Lake City. Utah 335 EastPASADENAColorado Blvd., Pasadena, Calif. 0-M4Bl>-<>-

ASSETS OVER S200 MILLION

DECEMBER 1961 999

Joseph Smith, The Light of the World

An Appreciation (Continued from page 915) ( Continued from page 901 and "... cried mightily unto the

all the voice the day; and Lord, concerning him, from I grew my saying: of the unto. him,.. Lord came I childhood; in the reveled things

good your be of head and "Lift up I of heard long before him I could is at time for the behold, for read myself; read cheer; them they were

to me from the books that were hand, and on this night shall the published about him—friendly and sign be given, and on the morrow

otherwise—that told the story of come I into the world, to show unto

his heroisms, his fearless courage, his the world that I will fulfill all that unbounded love for his friends, which I have caused to be spoken the mouth of my'holy prophets."his reverence sacred by and for GodLETTERPRESS 1:1213.) (3 Nephi things, his integrity his martyrup to

dom. For all this, I loved him, as According to the Book of Mor-

I now love him. mon record these words were fulfilled effect the the even upon and I PRESERVING influenced was boldness by the "... disbelievers, that so great was YOUR PRIDE IN of his claims, for the tremendous CRAFTSMANSHIP the beof part did people the more intellectual daring, lifted that so him

Perfect converted unto the lieve, and were above men. rate common any At photoengraving (Ibid., Lord."1:22.) a nature formed plates own union with time after my

be achieved can time not other I do peowhat know his that nothing break. It could

with craftsmen only ples of earth the been may have as in be that now, may Solomon's entire time whose and skills are devoted to time, there is no "spot"in the object blessed with this knowledge of the letterpress plates. of our love; no "imperfection!"—at advent of Christ and his message,

least none that I could see or feel. but I do believe these significant

of the the Lord on found Later, to words judgment when began CO. 'ROSE ENGRAVING ancient record American which was sway, enmore and knowledge RICHMOND 9-2396 assert1242 SANTEE ST. LOS ANGELES 15 translated into English the by larged, reto I learned and when

gard and to love truth more than Prophet Joseph Smith:

men—I saw limitations in the Prophet "Know ye not that there are more

of the new dispensation, and benations than one? Know ye not that

came conscious of human frailties I, the Lord your God, have created and shortcomings in action, and saw all men, and that I remember those NEW! that he was a man, as he himself who are upon the isles of the sea;

THE CASE OF THE explained, of like passions and and that I rule in the heavens above prejudices with other men. His and in the earth beneath; and I

BOOK OF MORMON gracious acknowledgment of the bring forth my word unto the chillimitations disclosed yet another dren of men, yea, even upon all the WITNESSES ( 2 Nephi 29: 7. by Eldin Ricks virtue to admire, the virtue of nations of the earth?"

humilitv, which endeared him still In the light of those words Jesus, more to me, and placed him still the child born in Bethlehem, belongs more beyond detraction from that to all mankind and the glad message pride of place I had given to him of eternal life which he brought is in my heart. to all peoples.

There let him stand enshrined for Certainly the love of Jesus knew me. God... may judge Joseph no boundaries either of race or

Smith, for his servant he was, and creed or lands. He was indeed the

he knows. To me and for me, he is light of the world. The beauty of his

the Prophet of the Most High, teachings has been extolled from the enskied and sainted! So let him housetops, and the warmth of his

forever stand. example still kindles response in the

As for the other two sources of souls of men.

knowledge about him, those to Jesus, the man, merits our proadmiration, foundest few his and would an enigma he was and whom series enthralling An of to hesitate the peer rave enemies—let them make him guess and with the views"men ofwhodocumentarysaw the Book"interof

afterothers with plates and who Mormon his kind. Christ, their matter, the the Jesus he is But beyond power"

gift at "no ideal them. The consulted wards

of the his Living pelting invokes our unSon God, with—the memory time. Christmas

Cloth bound $1.50 savory epithets, cannot change his worship, challenges our standards,

please ordering add 14c by mail (When to place in God's economy of things, and condemns our cruelties; becomes handling. Utah cover cost of postage and

residents include 5c for tax.) or dispose of him in any fashion. He our comfort during our darkest hours

Available at L.D.S. bookstores belongs to the ages, his home is with and our final assurance that we will

everywhere. the Gods, his work abides on earth. live again.

OLYMPUS PUBLISHING CO.

Box 137 Sugar House Station Salt Lake City, Utah

1000 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Rivers of Babylon (Continued from page 905) the temple for a mock trial. "General"Brockman sat behind the

pulpit, and amid much shouting, cursing, and bottle waving from his men, pronounced sentence. We

were given two hours to leave the city, whether Mormons or not. Then

the men were pulled suddenly away and dragged downstairs. We heard

much laughing, cursing, and yelling from down below.

"Rachel,"Dolly whispered, looking pale and about to be sick, "what do you suppose they are doing?"

I did not know what to reply, Lavor K. Chaffin writes the

but we soon got the answer.

The men returned, their clothing column "They're Your Schools dripping. "We were thrown into the bap- n the Deseret News and he tismal font,"Jeremy said, "and specializes on school news 'baptized.'

Squire Wells, his hair and clothreporting. In fact, he does it so well

ing streaming, drew me aside and that national educational organizations whispered, "Miss Dow, when I leave this city it will be to link my fate have cited him. You know what's happening

with that of the Mormon people.

Can I hope to see you there, too?"in education when you read his column

T knew that my entire happiness regularly in your depended upon my answer. "Yes,Squire Wells,"T said, "you can."@#r fflMwg

As we left, Simon took mv arm.

"I will drive you down to Warsaw.

I am sure your Aunt Tabitha is still expecting you."

"Simon, I am going with you."

"My dear! Have you told the

others?""No. I do not know what they Become Acquainted with

will say."THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "Let me choose the moment to Alien organs

ask them."We returned and got dry clothing The richness and fidelity of tone for the men, cast a lingering lookat the house, and then left it forDIRECT SHOPPER is the basis of fine performance ever. away, to especially Simon section designed order As we drove mail A,.. the prime criterion for choosplace, in information about together one bring whichsaid, "You must tell me interest of or usage. unusual items way quality

carry advertised products a guaranteeyou want to go—down to Warsaw, All to ing an ALLEN.

will or satisfy refunded merbe money whenor straight ahead."is in condition. returned unused chandise an

carefully advertising Era Improvement look passed between "Buy Quality—It Pays"Jeremy A

relied upon.is and be may We relook Dolly—a of love, andand try the ordering full speclfullyscreened products suggest you

from you find of interest Simon,"of Dolly meaning. "Why, the Summerhays Music Co. DIRECT SHOPPER.said, but "where else it be would

straight ahead?"Page 1003 3719 S. State Salt Lake City, Utah

Jeremy gave a shout of approval and took the reins.

T could not speak, for Simon had taken me in his arms for all the world to see.

We turned down Water Street, drove onto the ferry, and leaving Keep your Eras by binding them in Improvement

Babylon behind us, turned our The most economical food wrap Era binders. Available now for only $2.00.

faces west. you can use! Send your check or money order to

(The End) THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Street Main 50 North CHARIT1 KITCHEn 11, Lake City Utah WAXED PAPER Salt

DECEMBER 1961 1001 THE SEASON'S GREATEST BELL & HOWELL

MOVIEMAKING VALUE! MOVIE OUTFIT

The perfect outfit to start you making your own 8mm fj"% M CI W% home movies in brilliant *"* Ml mM ** V full color! The camera and

projector are both easy to 99 use. Try them now!

Nothing Down... Only $1.50 WU

Come In, Phone or Order By Mail

HERE'S WHAT YOU GET!

220 Sun Dial Camera 253AX Projector Salt Lake City: 155 S. Main - 273 S. Main - 2190 Highland Dr.

Roomy Gadget Bag Ogden: 2443 Washington Blvd.; Provo: 161 W. Center Street

Idaho Falls: 446 Park Avenue

"K SALT LAKE CITY'S "TUcoeat ateC

HOTEL TEMPLE SQUARE MODERN COFFEE SHOPS DINING ROOMS

Managed by Eva Simmons DOWNTOWN RATES:

SINGLES $6.00

DOUBLES $8.00

TWINS $10.00

FREE DRIVEINPARKING

Clarence L. West, Manager

PHONE EL 5-2961 75 West South Temple Salt Lake City, Utah

1002 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The Improvement Era SHOPPER S9 DIRECT.. the merchandise shown on these pages can be ordered direct from

the companies listed. Enclose check or money order.

transof TREE. Made CHRISTMAS GLOWING RECORDS. COURSE GUITAR NEW, EASY ON the be would WILL? A WhoHAVE MADE YOU

balls, decorated gaily luscent with parchment at to the guitar play teach will "I you If don't leave estate? ofexecutor a your you

in etc., tinsel, carolers, in for Clauses, warm a or public a parties or Santa perform hobby forwill decide over courts the take and must

if or to 36"can't 4 learn career. play iKnd you 3 assembled. colors. Easily red green and account, perproperty,you. bank Your home,

I'll in penny!"refund every tunes a weeks, few place center scotch and Just high. seam tape

(jointly not) could or belongingssonal owned (12", get: records LP Here's big TEN you what removed. inside shade ordinary with A lamp

in tied court for wishes Your months.be up charts with sides) 2 plus books and RPM, 33V3 the light through top and reaches shaft of positions chord actual left photos 1846misinterpreted without. PLUS your 1,000 family and

flitter Silver flitter top. at silver star shines on course. $34.95 songs. Complete accompanying kit lovedProtect Will ones! complete your

instr. incl. $1.49. guarantee. back and Money LEIS literature. for free ppd. Write GENE all states. planning guide. Legalwith easy

Blvd., Los Angeles Wilshire Boulevard, INC., 2978 320 Beach Manhattan LAWFORD'S STUDIO

2. set Mr. $1.75. Mrs. of $1.00Only DRESand

California. 2, today! Order Beach Manhattan Calif. 5,

St., Live Calif. Park, 2444NER, Huntington Oak

"OUR FAMILY HISTORY."Ideal Gift for every EYEGLASS NOSE PADS-6 pr. $1. New CushionTAMBOUR BUN. Styled for Mrs. Kennedy by

person, young or old. Belongs in every home. Rest Nose pads relieve pressure spots, ease Alexandre de Paris. This natural hair piece

First to Lady's our addition an has become of aid frames. hearing weight eyeglasses to keepEasy—opens and flat—permanent now

in It various can also be 50 worn wardrobe. slipping glasses constantly later. Beautiful from will Keep down. record 48page be priceless

first to piece hair solve styles. natural The

backflesh-colored generations ancesfor adhesive four of records Allnew of with foambook to problem. Customstyled hair a many

yet births, of glasses put marriages, ing. Stays typestors, descendants;—for on all pages color—for only hair $11.95 sample, match your

deaths, church and military service, school and peels off easily when desired. Easy to apply. auburn, blonde or mixed grey $15.20. Complete

vital information. Colorful illustrations. Durable Just peel off backing and press in place. 6 line of hair goods and fashion wigs catalog

red cover, gold design, 8V2 x 11, FREE Gift pair $1 ppd. COLUMBIA CO., Dept. P-54, 404 available. No. C.O.D.'s. FASHION HAIR PRODBox, $2.95 postpaid. SHANNON PUBLISHING Security Bldg., 234 E. Colorado Blvd., PasaUCTS (ERA) 175 Fifth Avenue, New York 10,

CO., 300 Dwight Bldg., E. r Kansas City 5, Mo. dena, Calif. New York.

:;:;-:->:::->.-::.:::-::::::::".:.:::

1000 NAME AND ADDRESS LABELS $1. Any 3 HIDRY Magnetic Soap Hanger is the answer POST CARD DUPLICATOR AND ADDRESSER.

Different Orders $2 ppd. Your name and adto your messy soap dish problems and it cuts Does both jobs; costs less than a pack of post

dress printed on 1000 finest gummed labels. your soap bill in half. HIDRY sticks to any cards. Just the thing for sending notices to

Conveniently padded. Packed in FREE useful wall or wash basin. The steel disk is pressed church, club or business contacts. Prints one or

plastic "Gift Box."Useful on stationery, onto the soap (it never comes off) then the several colors simultaneously. Uses no messy

checks, books, greeting cards, records, etc. soap hangs magnetically. Splendid gift item. ink. Six months of supplies included in kit.

3 Different OrSPECIAL-SAVE MONEY! Any or for three $2.50 for $1.00 Order today—one Fully other guaranteed. needed. equipment No

Gift. of $2.ders Ideal best year Agree buy pink, including mailing. white, Colors: tax and with (includes address Send $5.00 and name

or full. LABELS, in money refunded HANDY ivory, volSpecial green, black. blue, yellow, to tax) postage P.O. DUPLICARD, and Box 11,

Calif. City, Bldg., 1270 Culver Jasperson ISBELL projects. for raising fund ume discounts Salt 10, City Utah. Lake

TON PRODUCTS, 1175 Dan Street, Ogden, Utah.

DECEMBER 1961 1003 Presiding Bishoprics Page "It matters not whether you or I when the prophets of old ascended feel like praying, when the time to the top of the mountains and in supplipray, spent even pray. to day the whole do not comes If we(Continued from page 993)

it, till cation. strength great like can toe feel should pray What we

do."(Discourses of Brigham Young, accrue to the person who pours out

hardly time to eat oar breakfasts. p. 44.) his soul to our Father in heaven

Then let the breakfasts go, and pray; It is apparent that we must master whether in his closet, in the top of

get down upon our knees and pray the circumstances that tend to inthe mountains, or in any other seuntil we are filled with the spirit terfere with prayer. cluded environment. This soulof peace. What a wonderful practice it was searching experience isn't always

convenient and is sometimes painful, but it is the most profound medication that can be applied..

As we humbly express thanks great growth takes place within us.

"We ask for strength, and God strong. We pray for wisdom, and Freedom isn 't free gives us difficulties which make us

God sends us problems, the solution develops wisdom. of ivhich We RICHARD L. EVANS plead and for prosperity, God gives

us brain and brawn to work with.

Having talked briefly before of freedom and force We plead for courage and God gives and silent consent, scarcely could we so soon leave us dangers to overcome. We ask

THE so searching a subject, for freedom involves law for favors—God gives us opportunimoral, mental, material, and order, and every SPOKEN and answer."is the ties. This (PamWORD free Indeed, of life spiritual and living. element phlets Doctrinal, B. Brown, Hugh

agency, is foremost among the issues before mankind at this p. 16.)

moment—the principle around which revolves the very essence of "Some have thought that revepeace and progress, and of man's opportunity on earth—and ever lation or divine communication,

after. "... the history of Liberty,"wrote Edward Everett, "—the comes without thought or effort on

forms a subject which history to be free we of men struggling man's has invited Father part. Our

."1.. real history This.is. the. too closely. of man. cannot contemplate to 'call us repeatedly on him.'While

Also involved is the basic question of character—for coercion isn't He is ever ready to answer when

compatible with responsible, resourceful qualities of character. we call, He waits upon our invi-

"The history of our time,"wrote an acute observer, "will be written tation. 'Ask and ye shall receive,

by what happens in the everyday lives of the men and women we knock and it shall be opened unto see upon the streets and in the factories and on the farms and in the you.'

colleges and city halls and the legislatures and the administrative "He who makes a habit of sincere offices and the business establishments...."- Now in all the prayer, and prays believing, will

tensions of these times, let not the main theme be obscured, nor find his life noticeably and promen's minds diverted to side considerations. Ever we must rememfoundly enriched and steadied. He

ber what the issue is: free agency—liberty within law—the liberty to will increase in tranquility and poise,

live as God gave men the right to live—responsible, resourceful; he will have added courage and

clean, honest; with truth and decency; with soundness and solvency; stamina. His physical, moral, and

the moral and mental competence and character to live in liberty spiritual attitude will indicate he is within the law. "No free government,"wrote Andrew Jackson, aware of the presence of a power-

"can stand without virtue in the people and a lofty spirit of patriotful Friend."(Idem.)

ism...."3 And, said Somerset Maugham, "If a nation values The purpose of our praying is

anything more than freedom it will lose its freedom; and the irony summarized with this thought:

of it is that if it is comfort or money that it values more, it will lose "Fray alwaus that ye enter not into that too."4 The fact is we must face the fact that freedom isn't temptation, that you may abide the

free; it isn't always comfortable; it isn't always convenient—but it is day of his coming, whether in life

among the greatest of the gifts that God has given, for which we or in death. Even so. Amen."

must be willing to work, willing to serve, with our eyes, our efforts, (D&C 61:39.)

ever on the basic issues, and not misled by side considerations, that "... this land shall be a land of liberty..."5 and of law. To

cite a sentence from an eminent source: "Only the disciplined

are free."6

1Edward Everett, Address, Charlestown, Mass., July 4, 1828.

Lilienthal, E. 2David This I Do Believe. I have been driven many times to Address. Farewell Jackson, aAndrew

4W. Somerset Maugham, "Strictly Personal"as quoted in George Seldes (Ed.), The my knees, by the overwhelming conQuotations. Great

52 Nephi 10:11. viction that I had nowhere else to

Accredited to James C. Penney (also other sources). go. My own wisdom, and that of all

"The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the about me seemed insufficient for

Columbia Broadcasting System, September 24, 1961. Copyright 1961. that day.—Abraham Lincoln.

1004 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA NOW AND FOREVER, it stands in beauty. A

place to worship... a place to learn...

a place to serve... enhanced by the enduring beauty of BRICK. Yet, BRICK COSTS LESS.

Original cost is low, and maintenance costs

are practically eliminated. Insurance costs are

lower too, thanks to fireresistant BRICK.

BRICK adapts well to any style of architecture—many light shades to choose from. When

you build with BRICK, for any building, it stands in beauty.. NOW and FOR THE AGES.

OUR GOOD WISHES FOR A VERY

MERRY CHRISTMAS AND A HAPPY NEW YEAR.

SI

A.I

How wcfC Have you cHosenP

Each father, in a very real sense, is the master of the fate of his family... with

daily decisions that affect their present and future welfare. Decisions inevitably

mean choices... choices in the way we spend our time... and the way we spend

our money. We can buy up to the limit of our income for things we will enjoy

today. Or we can set aside part of our income to insure our future by buying a home

... by saving... and by investing in a life insurance program that best meets our

needs and income. How well have you

If this past for year? your familychosen LIFE BENEFICIAL or in the help, expert now someyou d like /T C7?

future, call on your Beneficial Life agent.

E1261 Virgil H. Smith, Pres. Salt Lake City, Utah