izr

>s

Mr..r\. *a

D.

.z J"MVJi& '*!AiWAVA|MJtfJV.*.<i'iWiW HrrftHWJ* *UVVW

l IH. | l i<*< Sr".i l. ', BI @p><.ilJJtJ ',,.j W,

':-.: 1

Guidance of Youth DEAN MILTON BENNION The Veil PROF. N. L. NELSON

Dr. Karl G. Maeser

DR. JOHN T. MILLER

OLYMPIC GAMES OR A MISSION M. C. MORRIS

FLYING FINGERS PROF. H. R. MERRILL a

UTAC, A NEW WHEAT DR. GEORGE STEWART i

STORY—THE USES OF COURTSHIP

LINDA S. FLETCHER

SOUTHERN PACIFIC LINES OFFER SPECIAL WINTER EXCURSION FARES FROM SALT LAKE CITY OR OGDEN TO LOS ANGELES AND RETURN BOTH WAYS VIA

SAN FRANCISCO $50.50

TO LOS ANGELES VIA SAN FRANCISCO RETURNING

DIRECT OR ROUTE REVERSED $58.00

Proportionately low fares from all other points in UTAH, IDAHO and MONTANA

STOPOVERS ALLOWED AT ALL POINTS

TICKETS ON SALE DAILY COMMENCING OCTOBER 1ST

FINAL RETURN LIMIT 8 MONTHS FROM DATE OF SALE

For further information CALL, WRITE or PHONE

PRESS BANCROFT, GENERAL AGENT 41 SO. MAIN ST. SALT LAKE CITY

PHONE WASATCH 3008—3078

Inquire about

Speedwriting The Natural Shorthand

L. D. S. Business College

"Utah's Greatest Commercial School"

ENROLL ANY MONDAY

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

ADVERTISERS are you overlooking Valuable Advertising MediumA The IMPROVEMENT ERA with a circulation of over 15,000 has 50,000 Readers It is read during the entire month and is reread and referred to continually.

ADVERTISING RATES per issue Inside Cover Full page...$35.00 Full page $60.00

Half page 20.00 Half page 30.00

Quarter page 12.00 Quarter page 15.00

The IMPROVEMENT ERA is the official organ of:

The entire Priesthood of the Church, which includes all

Stake and Ward officers and most all male members.

The Church School System, including about 80 Universities, Colleges and Seminaries.

The Y. M. M. I. A., including the Roy Scouts, Vanguards, M Men and the joint Adult department of men and

total membership of over readers of women—a 50,000—all

the IMPROVEMENT ERA.

We send over 2,000 copies FREE each month to the

MISSIONARIES ALL OVER THE WORLD. Have you any

message for them? You know, they make fine salesmen, and

will want a job when they come home. They carry the

Era into thousands of homes.

If this valuable magazine is not already included in your schedule and budget we solicit your patronage. Let

us help you sell your name and your goods. Tell your story

to our 50,000 readers.

The Improvement Era 47 East South Temple SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

The General Authorities of the Church And The Former Presidents

a group picture compiled by LeRoi C. Snow

in a beautiful frame 24 x 34 inches

Suitable for ward and stake houses, offices, class rooms, and homes.

This picture kept before the people will help them remember the name, face, and position of each of our

Church leaders.

The better we know them the more we will respect and love them.

The picture contains 32 actual photographs, framed and with glass, and is offered at the very low price of $10, packed, ready for shipping, not including shipping charges.

Frontispiece in this Era is a small reproduction of the picture.

ORDER BLANK

DESERET BOOK CO.,

Salt Lake City, Utah.

Please send me picture (s) of the Gene ral AutI lorities of the Church at Ten Dol ars each.

Name Address If payment does not accompany order, picture may be sent C. 0. D.

The Deseret Book Co.

44 East So. Temple St.,

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH.

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

MARCH, 1929 Pres. Heber J. Grant Hugh J. Cannon

Editor Associate Editor MELVIN J. Ballard, Business Manager

Organ of the Priesthood Quorums, the Young Men's

Mutual Improvement Associations and the Schools of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints

Portraits of the General Authorities of the Church - Frontispiece - - Alfred Osmond 35 5The Tides of Time. A Poem

The Vocational and Educational Guidance

OF YOUTH Dean Milton Bennion 357The General Authorities-----of the Church LeRoi C. Snow 364

IS THERE A TERMINUS? George A. Faust 367

The Veil: Its Use and Abuse Prof. N. L. Nelson 368

Olympic Games or a Mission? - M. C. Morris 378

"MORMONISM"THE GREATEST PHILOSOPHY Joseph S. Peery 383

'. Harrison R. Merrill 384FLYING FINGERS Prof

Dr. Karl G. Maeser. the Character Builder

Dr. John T. Miller 386

BE NOT DECEIVED Bryant S. Hinckley 389

Lessons form Common Things Dr. Franklin S. Harris 390

Utac. a New Wheat. Illustrated Dr. George Stewart 392

LITTLE TADS George P. Barber 397

O Man. Revere Your Heritage. A Poem Grace Ingles Frost 398

LEADERSHIP WEEK UNIQUE - Prof. Harrison R. Merrill 399

The Uses of Courtship - - - Linda S. Fletcher 401

Messages from the Missions. Illustrated - - 411

- - - - - 420 Editors'Table—Swear Not At All

Prophecy, or What? - - - - 421

THE ROBIN. A POEM - - Samuel B. Mitton 421

- - 422Priesthood Quorums Lindbergh tobacco Offer Gets Out Will H. Brown 42 3

Mutual Work - - - - 424 Church Events - 441... Grace...Zenor Pratt 442THINKING of YOU. A POEM

Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah, as secondclass matter. Acceptance

for mailing at special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, Act of October, 1917, authorized on July Z, 19 IS.

Manuscripts submitted without the statement, "At usual rates,"are considered free contributions. Photographs, unless their return is especially requested, Witt be destroyed.

Published monthly at Salt Lake City; $Z per annum. Address: Room 406 Church

Office Building.

ANNOUNCEMENTS

People of today are not satisfied to able contribution to this issue by Pres.

live as their ancestors did. Neither Bryant S. H. Hinckley of the Liberty

should they be. They want comfortstake.

able homes with the modern convenCan You Answer These?iences. Radios are desirable and automobiles seem almost indispensable. To How was "Utac."the new Utah

acquire these, the young man must wheat, developed? Page 393 of this

have a proper vocation, the wise choosissue.

ing of which presents one of the imWhat are the advantages it seems to portant problems of life. In this offer? Page 392.

number Dean Bennion of the UniverDo the male and female elements of sity of Utah presents some views on wheat come from one or more than one this subject which will be of interest plant? Page 394.

to boys as well as to parents. Why the necessity of vocational

Prof. N. L. Nelson's article on the guidance? Page 357.

Veil is thoughtinspiring. Some of the What do you understand from the

conditions to which he refers we see "as expression "vocational psychology"?

through a glass darkly,"nothing defPage 358.

is the president of the newlyinite thereon having been revealed, and Who each one is entitled to his own opinion. organized Eastcentral States mission?

But to make the "Veil,"which sepaPage 415.

rates us from the other side, as transWho wrote "School and Fireside?"

parent as possible should be the aim of Page 386.

did Easter acquire its name? all. The second article of this series, How

dealing with the human abuses of the Page 427.

deveil, will appear in the next number. How does the Christian world

termine the exact date on which it The article Olympic Games or a falls? Page 427.Mission tells the story of a young How did Dr. Maeser view the pre-"Mormon"who was ambitious to vailing prudery of parents and teachersachieve athletic honors, but in whom regarding sex problems which youngthe call of duty was stronger than that

people should understand? Page 387.of ambition. It is well worth reading.

Can an athlete consistently pray for

Lessons from Common Things, by success? Page 378.

Dr. Franklin S. Harris, is the third of What is wind? Page 390.

a series giving information which all How is rain formed? Page 391.

should know, but which many have Who is the oldest of the general forgotten if they ever knew. The next authorities of the Church? Who is the

of these articles will be entitled youngest? Page 366367.

"Germs."Who wrote "Ode to Immortality?"

Dr. John T. Miller's article on Dr. Page 427.

Maeser. Character Builder, should be Who wrote "The Builders?"Page

read by all parents. Thoughtful ob428.

servers are agreed that there is almost Who is the Dictator of Italy? And

criminal negligence regarding the subwhat are some of his outstanding charjects therein mentioned and that paracteristics? Page 429.

ents are allowing their children to learn What modern thinker urged us to from whatever source they can the most "know that little things are little and important questions of life. that big things are big before it is too

Be not Deceived is a brief but valulate?"Page 389.

I The Tides of Time {

The tides of time are strong and quickly passing,

And death will soon come knocking at the door.

Time, with his magic wand, is always massing

The plays of life that soon will be no more.

The restless sea is bounded by the shore;

Her strongest tides can only ebb and flow,

Not so the tides of time. No rush nor roar

Is heard. On, on, like winds that ever blow,

They make the eagle's wings seem cumbersome and slow.

They glide along with swift and noiseless motion,

And bear us on their bosom far away.

Unless we live a life of true devotion

And plant our footfalls in the narrow way,

The sunlight that is given us by day,

The silence and the starlight of the night

Will seem less wonderful and we shall say:

"Let us be guided by our sense of sight,

For it alone shall judge between the wrong and right."

But when our sense of sight begins to fail

And friendly fires of life are burning low,

When limbs are weary and our cheeks are pale,

When massive blocks of ice and banks of snow

Combine with winter winds that wildly blow,

To make our lives seem desolate and sad,

The golden days of youth, the long ago,

Will come to us with all the wealth they had,

Until our vain regrets will strive to drive us mad.

The tides of time will never cease to flow

Towards the seeming, faroff. distant shore.

The massive blocks of ice and banks of snow

Will melt and mingle with the ocean's roar

If life were but to live and nothing more,

We should elect to play a manly part;

And, like the birds that sweetly sing and soar,

Forgetting gaping wounds that bleed and smart,

We should attempt to cheer and charm the human heart.

Provo. Utah ALFRED OSMOND

9brmerPresidents

5iiW IJoseph iistPrmidenciJ ephts,"M/>

Council ofTwelve

L Richards t *+*+ R%(M 3 j>5Sbs* Joft/M,d(; PresidingTatriarch

9ist Council of the Seventy Sfaer-—- =vaft

"'ball Lev loniW?/l3 JosW.McMurnn Chas-H Hart

Presidingliishopric

David A.Smith SylvesterQ.Gmwn Jo/) frW/

General Authorities of the Church. See article by LeRoi C. Snow, on page 3 64, which contains

important information not found elsewhere in our Church literature.

Improvement Era

Vol. XXXII MARCH, 1929 No. 5

The Vocational and Educational

Guidance of Youth By Dean Milton Bennion, of the University of Utah

is a form of service, necessary, or at least deAVOCATION sirable, as a means of supplying human needs. In primitive

society vocations were few and simple, in this respect corresponding to human needs in such a society. With the development

of civilization, however, human needs steadily multiply. Every

new need calls, as a rule, for new vocations; in some instances for

many vocations.

At the same time many of the old vocations persist while others pass away with revolutionary changes in industry. These vocations

often change with changes in the methods of supplying needs.

Under pioneer conditions, even only fifty years ago in western

America, the problem of selecting and qualifying for a vocation was relatively simple. Boys and girls learned the vocations of their

parents through practice. A high percentage of them followed the

traditional family vocation. This, for the large majority of boys,

was general agriculture, livestock, lumbering, or building. For

girls it was the occupation of housewife, followed in traditional fashion. Those who married successfully were thus far on a par

vocationally with their brothers and their husbands. Those who

did not, however, were regarded as unfortunates. From one point

of view they were indeed, unfortunate. Not necessarily because they

were without husbands; in this respect they were better off than

were some married women; but because they were without vocations.

Because they were unmarried they were called "old maids."That

term, however, acquired its undesirable connotations primarily because this class of women, being without vocations, tended to become forlorn, often prematurely aged, probably also nervous, and overpeculiar. Some of these characteristics have become permanently

associated with the term "old maid."Now that women are being

trained in vocations and able, when unmarried, to engage in oc19Z9 358 IMPROVEMENT ERA Mac,

cupations on a par with men, the term "old maid"has been, in large measure, dissociated from its original meaning. It is now frequently used to designate any person, man or woman, who has the

characteristic mental attitudes formerly attributed to the elderly, unmarried woman. Thus a man may be married and a grandfather

and, at the same time, an "old maid."The vocational education

of women has been the chief factor in bringing about this remarkable change. The end is not yet. Society must come to recognize the fact

that it is just as essential that every girl choose a vocation and qualify for it as it is that every boy should do so. Some may deny this on

the ground that a majority of women will marry and need not, therefore, learn any other vocation than that of housewife, and this without systematic training. Were this the only vocation the

majority of women need, the matter of choosing would be much simplified. The facts are, however, that no one can tell whether any

particular girl is to be numbered among those who marry or among those who do not. In case the problem of choosing a vocation is

neglected is not the future usefulness and happiness of every girl in jeopardy? Is this fair to women? Is it good for society thus to

deprive individuals of their right to a useful position in the social order, and the consequent happiness that comes from such usefulness?

And what of the women who do marry? As a rule, in the

transition from economic dependence upon parents and such dependence upon a husband's earnings they pass through a period in which they should be economically independent. Every woman should be

trained for such independence. Should she not also be free from

temptation to accept as a husband an undesirable or unworthy man merely because she is in need of economic support and this because of her lack of vocation?

Economic independence of women is regarded by some as unfavorable to marriage and family. It is doubtless unfavorable to

contracting undesirable marriages. But, passing over the possible

handicaps of the unmarried woman, consider the case of the married woman happily wedded to a man of her free choice. Who knows

what may happen to the man? It was long ago discovered that men

are mortal and, what may be worse economically, they sometimes become permanently disabled. This may happen when there are

children to support and charity, even if desired, is not easily available.

Under these conditions life insurance and sickness insurance may be helpful, but only in minor degree when compared with vocational efficiency on the part of the woman. Such efficiency is the most

valuable insurance married women can have. Other insurance should

not, of course, be ignored; it may be very useful in meeting an

emergency, and in tiding over a period of transition.

Mr.,i929 GUIDANCE OF YOUTH 359

For all these reasons vocational and educational guidance and training should be available to girls on a par with boys.

The development of modern science and its applications in our economic and social life are all the time bringing about changes, at a rate never before known, in the number and variety of vocations.

Some old vocations are passing away or are becoming of minor importance. Those that persist are undergoing rapid changes in their

methods. Also entirely new vocations are daily coming into existence to supply the new needs created by recent inventions. Notable

examples of this are the vocations that have developed in connection with radio manufacture and radio service. Somewhat less recent,

but within this generation, one of the largest businesses in America has originated and apparently grown to maturity, i. e., automobile

manufacture and service. The vocations connected with carriage

building, buggyharness making and raising and training driving horses have become practically a thing of the past. Now with the

development and the perfection of flying machines there is general anticipation of a new set of vocations that may replace, in large degree, those connected with the automobile. With such rapid

changes in the methods of meeting human needs, together with development of a multitude of new needs, some of which replace the old ones, is there not ample reason why young people generally are perplexed and wavering when faced with the inevitable problem of choosing and qualifying for a vocation? To make a choice of some

sort is even more inevitable than matrimony or any other baffling problem, except the certainty of ultimate death, which, however, in due time takes care of itself.

What is being done generally by parents and teachers to help boys and girls to choose wisely a life's vocation and to prepare thoroughly for its practice? Unfortunately most boys and girls have

to struggle with the problem with little assistance from elders; yet

this phase of education is far more important and in greater need of systematic and expert attention than are most other phases.

What can be done about it? Youth must have opportunity to

learn as much as possible about the two major aspects of the problem: i. e., the vocational needs of society, present and future; and his

own vocational aptitudes. In many cases parents are not qualified

to give expert help on either of these problems. Any parent, however, has the advantage, or should have, of intimate acquaintance

with his own sons and daughters, and should make opportunity to talk over very freely these problems with the young people. It is,

of course, a great mistake for a parent to try to coerce a boy or girl into choosing any particular vocation. Many a young person's life

career has been ruined by such coercion. The parent should learn to

Mar., 19Z9360 IMPROVEMENT ERA

see these problems from the point of view of the young people, from the standpoint of their interests and their aspirations, as well as of their abilities. An inexperienced youth is likely to have crude, onesided ideas about vocations under consideration. The wider experience of the parent may supplement or correct the notions of the

youth. All of this should be done in the spirit of friendly suggestion,

that the youth may see the problem more "steadily and see it whole."

What the major abilities of a youth are can be determined in part by trial of different kinds of employment. While practicing thrift,

when the schools are not in session, a youth may also get a variety of vocational experiences and make substantial headway in determining his future life work. This is often done by eliminating his

earlier ambitions and starting out in quest of something else. In

practice this negative procedure is not uncommon; it is also a substantial aid. It is always helpful, wherever possible, to give a youth

experience as a helper in, or otherwise in close contact with, the vocation tentatively chosen. A city boy of sixteen may, for instance,

be ambitious to become a rancher. Let him try ranching, under

favorable social conditions, for a summer or two. Find out how

well or ill he does in ranching, and how his interest persists or wanes.

Under this test, many a youth has modified his ambitions.

A girl having ambitions to qualify as a nurse or a physician may very well spend some vacation time as a helper in a hospital or in a physician's office. Such experience may save much useless effort

and later disappointment, or it may give a basis in experience for more successful study and training for the chosen vocation.

Under modern economic conditions the individual succeeds best and society is best served by each individual specializing in one particular form of service and making that his life's work. This precludes his migrating from one occupation to another; that is, after

the preliminary, experimental stage, which is properly regarded as prevocational. To qualify for a profession with the intention of

following it temporarily as a stepping stone to another is generally wasteful both to the individual and to society. On the contrary

when a vocation has been chosen it is well to concentrate on preparation for and practice of that vocation.

A vocation is not thoroughly learned in the apprentice stage nor by the completing of a proposed course in a school or university.

The best service to society cannot be given, as a rule, until the individual has had some years of conscientious, painstaking, and studious practice. It is not best for society, therefore, that one of its

members shall abandon his profession after a few years of such practice and start all over again to learn a new profession. Nor is this

method of procedure best for the individual, since he must twice go

Mar., 1929 GUIDANCE OF YOUTH 361

through the period of small remuneration for his services that properly belongs to a novice.

The great danger in all this is that if, after having qualified in a vocation, and especially in a profession, a person finds himself a misfit, or if society by this time does not need this form of service, his success is seriously threatened, and can be secured only by his adaptability, courage, and persistence in efforts to make a new start. One, however, who, on this, or any other account, fails to

qualify for any vocation is much worse off. It is persons of this

class that are usually out of employment, because they are incompetent whenever or however employed.

In the matter of determining a person's fitness for any vocation, the schools are developing methods that give promise of being helpful. Vocational psychology is a relatively new science. Various

tests have, however, been devised to discover vocational aptitudes and inaptitudes. Thus far the greatest help from this source seems

to be through discovering inaptitudes. By this means young people

have been advised to withdraw their vocational aims and to go in search of new ones.

The results of such tests in the schools should be available to parents, and may well be one basis of discussion in counseling youth by both parents and teachers. Even in the schools results of these

tests are considered only in connection with all other school records and the everyday experience of teachers with the pupils. In vocational

guidance account should be taken also of outof-school experiences, parental knowledge of the person being advised, and any other sources of information. In difficult or unusual individuals there may

be need of a somewhat elaborate case study that will bring study—a

to light facts heretofore unknown to both teachers and parents, or facts known to the family but not heretofore regarded by them as significant.

The other and more distinctly social side of the problem is no less complex; i. e., the problem of society's needs; with these the

youth must properly correlate his abilities and his training. The

parent, as an adviser, should see present and future needs. He is

always in danger of thinking in terms of his own vocational experience and of society as it has been. This is much easier than it is to

be upto-date vocationally and to have vision of future developments. The surest basis for such vision of what is to be within ten

or twenty years is thorough knowledge of present trends, together with an active, constructive imagination. This looks difficult and

seems to call for prophetic powers. It is difficult and the nearer one

comes to being a prophet, in this sense, other things being equal, the better adviser he will be. Evidently most parents and most teachers

Mar.. t9Z<>362 IMPROVEMENT ERA

are, within themselves, unequal to this undertaking. It is one that

calls for advisers highly trained in this phase of education. There

is need of thorough knowledge of recent economic and social history, of modern science and invention, of human and nature—individual

social; and, joined with this, wide range of knowledge and practical

experience, the adviser should be a person of very superior intelligence, sympathetic with youth, and, at the same time, courageous enough to advise with whatever frankness the occasion calls for.

The ultimate goal is the greatest good both of the individual and of society. If these seem to conflict, first consideration should be given

always to the social good. Such apparent conflicts between the individual and society are seeming, rather than real; they are usually

resolved by counsel based upon thorough knowledge of all aspects of the case.

The parent should have part in this counseling and may very well have conference with teachers, bureaus, clinics, or other expert counseling agencies.

These are some of the newer phases of education, phases that are fairly well developed in some of the most progressive city school systems in America. In the intermountain region, however, little has

been done to assist boys and girls to solve these most baffling problems. On the surface it appears to be for want of money to finance

the project. This obstruction can doubtless be removed when the

majority of the citizens see the nature of the problem, its great significance for youth, and the possibility of helping youth to reach wise solutions. The amount of money paid out of the public treasury is not to be measured in terms of how much was thus paid

twenty years ago, but rather in terms of what needed service is to be rendered by any given public expenditure. The compilers of comparative tax tables might very well compile similar tables comparing their

own incomes and expenditures now with the corresponding figures of twenty years ago, compare the value of the dollar now with its value twenty years ago, and compare the public services and public conveniences now provided with what were provided twenty years ago.

Public provision of any form of service needed by youth generally is more economical, more widely diffused, and more fairly distributed than is such service when left to individuals or families.

A century ago any ambitious youth might easily come into possession of his fair share of the natural resources of the country and make for himself a material heritage comparable to that of his fellowcitizens generally. The children of the present generation and of future generations are faced with the fact that most of the valuable natural resources of the country are already in private hands. On the democratic

assumption of equality of opportunity, how are future generations

Mar.. 1929 GUIDANCE OF YOUTH 363

to have some share in the benefits of these natural resources, and of the social values that are the common heritage of the race? Evidently the

most feasible means available is through education paid for out of income derived from the use of these natural and social values. This

is the justification for Horace Mann's declaration that the wealth of the state is pledged for the education of the children of the state.

Under existing conditions this public education should include vocational guidance and vocational training, that each youth may have a fair chance to live respectably and to be of the greatest service to his fellowmen. This is impossible without both general and vocational

education. These can be made available to all youth, to whom they

rightfully belong, only through the public school system.

Some persons who are opposed to anything new in education, and especially to any increase in public expenditures, will, of course, call vocational guidance a fad. It should be noted that every forward

movement in education has been thus designated by reactionaries. It

is true that some innovations in education have not succeeded. In

this respect, however, education is probably not different from some other professions or from business and industry. In any case it is

no reason for attempting to smash all the wheels of progress. Any

proposed plan should be discussed on its merits, rather than to be decried merely as a fad; that is only evidence of want of knowledge

of essential facts and sound logic. It should be said also that there is

no disposition in this matter to usurp the functions of parents or to dictate to youth the vocations they should choose.

In the field of scientific vocational guidance and the educational guidance that should go with it, the intermountain region is not keeping pace with the most progressive school systems in America.

Whether or not local schools shall go forward in this direction can be determined by the parents. Upon them primarily rests the decision

as to what they most want for their children. Vocational guidance

can be provided and ought to be provided in the schools as a matter of justice to the new generation and for the future welfare of the state. This can be done without injustice to any.

America is God's crucible, the great Melting Pot where all the races of

Europe are melting and reforming! Here you stand, good folk, think I, when

I see them at Ellis Island, here you stand in your fifty groups, with your fifty languages and histories, and your fifty blood hatreds and rivalries. But you

won't be long like that, brothers, for these are the fires of God you've come to these are the fires of God. A fig for your feuds and vendettas! Germans and

Frenchmen, Irishmen and Englishmen, Jews and the crucible Russians—into

with you all! God is making the American. The real American has not yet

(arrived. He is only in the crucible, I tell will be the fusion of all you—he

races, the common superman. Israel Zangwell.

The General Authorities of the

Church By LeRoi C. Snow

men constitute the General Authorities of theTWENTYSIX

Church. These comprise five groups, or councils, viz: the First

Presidency, three; the Council of the Twelve, twelve; the Presiding Patriarch, one; the First Council of Seventy, seven; the

Presiding Bishopric, three; total, twentysix.

The personnel of the General Authorities, at the present time, is as follows:

First Presidency President Heber J. Grant, born Nov. 22, 1856, ordained an

apostle Oct. 16, 1882, sustained as President of the Church, Nov.

23, 1918.

First Counselor Anthony W. Ivins, born Sept. 16, 1852, ordained an apostle Oct. 6, 1907, was chosen second counselor in the

first presidency, Mar. 10, 1921, and first counselor, in May 28, 1925.

Second Counselor Charles W. Nibley, born Feb. 5, 1849, ordained presiding bishop Dec. 11, 1907, was chosen second counselor May 28, 1925.

Council of the Twelve Rudger Clawson, president, born Mar. 12, 1857, ordained an

apostle Oct. 10, 1898, acting president of the Council Nov. 23,

1918, and president Mar. 10, 1921.

Reed Smoot, born Jan. 10, 1862, ordained an apostle Apr.

8, 1900.

George Albert Smith, born Apr. 4, 1870, ordained an apostle

Oct. 8, 1903.

George F. Richards, born Feb. 23, 1861, ordained an apostle

Apr. 9, 1906.

Orson F. Whitney, born July 1, 1855, ordained an apostle

Apr. 9, 1906.

David O. McKay, born Sept. 8, 1873, ordained an apostle

Apr. 9, 1906.

Joseph Fielding Smith, born July 19, 1876, ordained an apostle Apr. 7, 1910.

James E. Talmage, born Sept. 21, 1862, ordained an apostle

Dec. 8, 1911.

Stephen L. Richards, born June 18, 1879, ordained an apostle

Jan. 17, 1917.

Mar., 1929 GENERAL AUTHORITIES OF THE CHURCH 365

Richard R. Lyman, born Nov. 23, 1870, ordained an apostle

Apr. 7, 1918.

Melvin J. Ballard, born Feb. 9, 1873, ordained an apostle

Jan. 7, 1919.

John A. Widtsoe, born Jan. 31, 1872, ordained an apostle

March 17, 1921.

Presiding Patriarch Hyrum G. Smith, born July 8, 1879, ordained presiding

patriarch May 9, 1912.

First Council of Seventy Brigham H. Roberts, president, born Mar. 13, 1857. set apart

in the council Oct. 8, 1888.

Jonathan Golden Kimball, born June 9, 1853, set apart in the council Apr. 6, 1892.

Rulon S. Wells, born July 7, 1854, set apart in the council

Apr. 5, 1893.

Joseph W. McMurrin, born Sept. 5, 1858, set apart in the

council Jan. 21, 1898.

Charles H. Hart, born July 5, 1866, set apart in the council

Apr. 8, 1906.

Levi Edgar Young, born Feb. 2, 1874, set apart in the council,

Oct. 6, 1909.

Rey L. Pratt, born Oct. 11, 1878, set apart in the council

Apr. 6, 1925.

Presiding Bishopric Sylvester Q. Cannon, born June 10, 1877, ordained and set

apart presiding bishop June 4, 1925.

David A. Smith, born May 24, 1879, was ordained and set

apart second counselor in the presiding bishopric Dec. 11, 1907,

and set apart first counselor July 18, 1918.

John Wells, born Sept. 16, 1864, was ordained and set apart

second counselor July 18, 1918.

Former Presidents Six presidents of the Church have preceded our present President, Heber J. Grant:

Joseph Smith, the Prophet, born Dec. 23, 1805. Sustained

First Elder of the Church April, 1830, and President of the High

Priesthood Jan. 25, 1832, was martyred June 27, 1844.

Brigham Young, born June 1, 1801, ordained an apostle Feb.

14, 1835, sustained (in England) president of the Council Apr. 14,

1840, and president of the Church Dec. 27, 1847, died Aug. 29,

1877. 366 IMPROVEMENT ERA Mar., \9io

John Taylor, born Nov. 1, 1808, ordained an apostle Dec. 19,

1838, sustained president of the Church Oct. 10, 1880, died July

25, 1887.

Wilford Woodruff, born Mar. 1, 1807, ordained an apostle

Apr. 26, 1839, sustained president of the Church Apr. 7, 1889,

died Sept. 2, 1898.

Lorenzo Snow, born Apr. 3, 1814, ordained an apostle Feb.

12, 1849, sustained president of the Church Sept. 13, 1898, died

Oct. 10, 1901.

Joseph F. Smith, born Nov. 13, 1838, ordained an apostle

July 1, 1866, sustained president of the Church, Oct 17, 1901, died Nov. 19, 1918.

Including the present authorities, there have been seven Presidents of the Church, nine First Counselors, twelve Second Counselors, fiftyfour Apostles, five Presiding Patriarchs, thirtyfour

Presidents in the First Council of Seventy and six Presiding Bishops.

The twentysix men who now constitute the General Authorities of the Church have remained in office without change since June 4, 1925, when Sylvester Q. Cannon was ordained Presiding Bishop,

a period of three years, nine months and five days to March 9, 1929.

There have been only three other periods since the organization of the Church when the entire group of General Authorities (26) have remained in office without change for a longer period than our brethren who now occupy these positions. The longest period was

five years, from October, 1862, to October, 1867. The next longest period was four years seven months, from April, 1912, to

November, 1916. The only other period was four years three

months, from July, 1870, to October, 1874. Only President Brigham Young and President Joseph F. Smith presided over the entire

group, without change, longer than President Heber J. Grant has

done.

The one who held office longest was Presiding Patriarch John

Smith, grandfather of our present presiding patriarch, who was ordained in 1855 and died in 1911, holding this position for fiftysix years.

Rudger Clawson, now president of the Council of Twelve, held office for the shortest period when he was second counselor in the first presidency, being sustained in this position October 6, 1901, which he held until the death of the president, four days later.

Of our present leaders, President Heber J. Grant has held office

longest as one of the General Authorities, from October 16, 1882, over fortysix years. As to age, President Charles W. Nibley is the

oldest among our present authorities, having reached his eightieth

Mar., 1929 GENERAL AUTHORITIES OF THE CHURCH 367

birthday Feb. 5. Hyrum G. Smith is the youngest, and will be

fifty years old July 8.

Our Church leaders are men of God and they are inspired and led by Him. We respect and love them all. We would do

well to keep their lives, their names and faces before us constantly, heed their instructions and obey their counsel. Let us uphold them

always in their sacred responsibilities with our faith, our prayers and our faithful lives as Latterday Saints.

Is There a Terminus?

We were driving toward a precipitous clift, on our left a mountain rose to majestic heights, while on our right a river seemed to cut off further progress.

One of the occupants of the car became somewhat perturbed and exclaimed:

"Oh dear! that must be the end of the road."And it really appeared that we

were coming to the end, but the river took an unexpected turn and we found that a roadway wide enough for cars going in opposite directions to pass took us beyond the apparent terminus.

No doubt you have seen that wonderful painting entitled "The End of the Trail,"where the Indian is sitting dejectedly upon his exhausted horse.

But is it the end of the trail? It possibly is as far as that particular rider and

that particular horse could go at that time. But after a rest they might go

farther, or they might reconnoiter a little and find another trail that would lead them on.

I was riding with my grandfather one time when we got on a wood road leading toward a dark mass of cedars at the foot of the mountains. I remarked

that it wasn't much of a road, and he replied that "it will lead you around the jworld if you follow it."I had never thought of a road leading two ways

before that time. All I could see was the timbered foothills ahead, I hadn't

thought of the possibilities in the other direction.

This appears to be the way with the progress or retrogression one makes in life. Sometimes we feel that the end has been reached, either up or down,

only to learn that there is yet more to find of good or bad. Either more we

can do to help ourselves to a higher plane, or to lower ourselves further in the abyss of despair. Sometimes we feel that if we could just do a certain thing we

would experience the greatest joy possible, but upon acquiring our prize we find that there is yet something to be gained, something more to be done. I recall

that a young man about to enter college for the purpose of acquiring a profession, expressed himself to the effect that if he was successful in completing his work satisfactorily he would be very happy. He was successful in his labors at school,

but upon completing the work he found that he had merely made a start.

In fact, he was somewhat discouraged to find that after four arduous years he knew so little. He had reached a supposed terminus, but it wasn't even a resting

place. His fouryear climb had placed him in a position where he could look

out further on life and realize more fully the enormity of the journey ahead.

The more I contemplate the situation the more I feel there is no terminus.

The supposed terminus is merely a bend in the highway of life. The road may

be better or worse from thence on, but we must go forward. Geo. A. Faust.

The Veil: Its Use and Abuse

By Professor N. L. Nelson

/. Its Divine Uses

"The veil was taken from our minds, and the eyes of our understanding were opened. We saw the Lord standing upon the breastwork of the pulpit."-

Vision manifested to Joseph the Seer and Oliver Coivdery, in the Kirtland temple. every mortal being who has given the question anyPERHAPS attention recognizes what the Veil is; viz., that mysterious

curtain which confines our perceptions to the natural world;

limits our eyes, our ears, and all our other senses to the sphere of the here and now.

But not everybody has asked himself, "Where is the Veil?"Is

it something outside of us or something within us? Does the Veil,

for instance, hang in the air between me and my sainted mother who has just come into my room? I do not see her, but she may

easily be there, blessing and encouraging me, for all that. In the

temple, while taking their endowments, men and women often see those for whom work is being done, and sometimes hear what they interpret to be a heavenly choir. Is there a veil of sight and sound

surrounding others in the same who do not see company—others

and hear these things?

Happily the question is answered by no less an authority than the Prophet Joseph Smith, in the quotation at the head of this article.

The Veil, or barrier between the spiritual and the natural world, lies deep within the soul itself; just as do the rosy morn, the vivid flash

of lightning and the startling crash of thunder.

Outside the is to say, in objective sensamind—that space—all

tions are resolvable to mere vibrations either of the air or of the etheric medium which fills the universe. To the extent that our

minds are accurate receiving stations for these multiform waves of energy we see, we feel, we taste, we smell; in a word, we perceive

that is to say, we mentally construct pictures involving form, color, sound, also including ideas, thoughts, and feelmotion,—pictures project them outwardly into space where the originalings,—and

causes are acting, or seem to be acting.

This explanation of how we "take in"ideas is now a commonplace of psychology. It accounts perfectly for what happens when

any of the senses are defective. The physical eyes of the blind, for

instance, may receive the same vibrations as those of the seeing; but,

Mar.. 1929 THE VEIL 369

the soul's receiving station being out of order, a patch of blackness is projected out into space where the most marvelous forms and colors may be playing for him who sees. So also of the deaf, the

paralyzed, and so on.

Instead of the historic five senses, psychology has now elaborated some fourteen avenues whereby vibrations from the outer world may reach the mind; but apparently science still hesitates about

admitting waves of intelligence from beyond the Veil, or about granting a receiving station for them in the soul of man. Nor is this

conservatism at all out of keeping with history. The centurieslong

fight of religion against the new ideas of science is now reversed.

The average scientist doggedly ignores or else ridicules the new and farseeing reaches of religion. Since Darwin started the pendulum

in the direction of materialism, it has become increasingly perilous to the scientist's prestige to admit anything whatever beyond the natural world; and as moral courage is not necessarily an asset of

delvers into the natural world, he waves the subject aside by exclaiming, and straightway "Spooks—hallucination—ghostland!"

poses as eminently sane!

But the pendulum is at length on the return. A few daring

spirits, like Sir William Crookes, Sir Oliver Lodge, and Alfred Russel

Wallace, have announced that the evidences for a world beyond this need no further scientific bolstering. For half a century these evidences have been accumulating and need now only to be assimilated

to place sensations from the beyond among the established facts of science.

With this dictum of advanced scientific thinkers, no less than from the positive teaching of holy writ, as also from my own spiritual perceptions, I shall assume that there is an organized world preceding this one, from which streams of intelligent beings are coming through the gateway of birth; and another organized world

following this one, into which those same beings, after a short stay, are moving onward through the gateway of death; also that the

mind of man is inherently constituted to receive and interpret vibrations from beyond the limitations of the natural world, and that, too, without need of other mechanism than the psychic extension of his wellknown mental powers.

With, however, this important qualification: that, in the words

of Paul, "We now see through a glass darkly,"and the gift or faculty, though innate in all, is more or less static for the most of mankind.

seeNevertheless, those in whom the faculty is awakened do truly and feel spiritual reality, and with increasing clearness as they give attention and discrimination to their sensations. Growth in spiritual discernment implies exercise, as in the case of any natural faculty,

Mar., 19Z9370 IMPROVEMENT ERA

and exercise implies faith. Scepticism is ever the snow and frost

above the soil of any faculty otherwise ready to sprout and grow.

If it were as complete respecting the sightand-sound worlds, as it often is respecting the spiritual sphere surrounding and interpenetrating the natural sphere, men would be both blind and deaf, from no other defect than want of faith.

Thousands, for instance, believe as I do, that in the "First

Vision"the boy Joseph beheld the Father and the Son, and heard the message which opened this dispensation; but had the sectarian

minister in whom the youthful seer afterwards confided been on the spot with the youthful prophet, he would probably have seen or heard nothing. Nor will his spiritual blindness ever change, as

long as he clings to the inertia of his scepticism.

So also Paul on his way to Damascus beheld the Savior, and heard his gracious voice calling him to his life's mission; but his

companions merely perceived a light and heard vague sounds. Taken

the world through, perhaps nine men out of every ten would, under similar circumstances, have seen or heard nothing at all. But

what of it? Their combined judgment could not count one whit

against Paul's positive declaration. Would it be reasonable to give

any credence whatever to the negative testimony of ninetynine acorns that didn't sprout, as against one that grew to be a sturdy oak?

Passing again to our theme, the reader should note how very suggestive is the word Veil for the barrier between the spiritual and is different from a wall or a chasm, either ofnatural worlds. A veil

which might completely shut off communication. A veil may, indeed, be opaque at one extreme, if its material be black; but at the

other, it may be almost transparent, if it be made of filmy white.

Between these two poles are all degrees of translucency. Then, too,

a veil is a movable scene: it can be lifted or drawn close. Also

silhouettes from the other side are often visible upon its surface. It

is, moreover, an effective screen only as its sacredness is acquiesced in.

Men may violate that sacredness at will; for a veil rarely fails to

give up messages more or less distorted to the Paul Pry who sits with all his senses strained to detect its secrets. All these various meanings, applicable to a human veil, say, the veil between adjoining

apartments, have real analogies when applied to the mysterious curtain which at once shuts out and yet reveals the spiritual world behind and within the natural world; which various analogies it is

hoped this discussion may further serve to show.

Let us first give attention then to what seems to be the opaque extreme of the Veil, by which I mean, the people without faith either in a fore or an afterworld. Spiritual density of this type is ocMar.. 1929 THE VEIL 371

casionally found within family groups otherwise fervent in the inner light. Deep darkness also settles occasionally over whole

nations, and during long periods of history. As before noted, the

unexampled attention given during the last century purely to things of the natural as it has been in the marvelous adworld—justifiedvancement of the material side of nevertheless all civilization—has

but overwhelmed man's faith in the larger spiritual sphere, of which this same natural world is probably but a temporal or a passing phase. Similar epochs of scepticism characterized the palmiest days

is toof Greece and Rome. The Veil became black to them—that

say, doubt and infidelity obscured their spiritual behorizon—not

cause spiritual intuition was dead, but because it was quite discredited by selfishness and intellectual pride. The same thing is

probably true in our day.

"The very concept of immortality bores me to death,"exclaimed a savant in one of the discussions at Clark University. "Life

here is tiresome enough; to have it prolonged into eternity would be

insufferable."Such sentiments are never expressed by the men or

women whose hearts are full of love, and whose lives are unselfishly devoted to the welfare of their fellowmen.

as it were Here is the problem: To be incarnated—immured,

the matter of the natural world, is without doubt an essential—in

step in eternal progress; but to be so deeply buried in the affairs of

earth as to perceive no light whatever from the larger or spiritual sphere of being, is a calamity. Exclaims Whittier:

"Alas for him who never sees The stars shine through his cypresstrees!

Who. hopeless, lays his dead away,

Nor looks to see the breaking day

Across the mournful marbles play.

Who hath not learned, in hours of faith,

The truth to flesh and sense unknown,

That Life is ever Lord of Death,

And love can never lose its own!"

The view of the intellectual concerning the boredom of life can hardly be called normal. It probably represents the early atrophy

of the psychic norms through studied indifference to spiritualthings, and perhaps by contrast an unbalanced zeal for the things of sense; in

other words, to selfishness; for in the accumulation of earthly things

probor unwillingness to makeinertia—soullaziness,is to be found nearly every variety of sensual gratification. Spiritual sacrifices—lies

ably at the bottom of all carnalmindedness; for the pleasures of sense

grow, as it were, by the wayside and can be plucked and eaten without exertion. Aliveness to selfindulgence is the aspect of life

Mar., iw372 IMPROVEMENT ERA

which man shares with the brute creation. To the extent that he

revels in the lusts of the flesh, to that extent the eternal, spiritual being within him is lulled to an ignoble rest.

How long will it take for the which term I mean sybarite—by

the "lover of pleasure more than lover of learn with finality God"—to

that no progress whatever is reached down the stream called pleasure?

At first it has many an exhilarating, rapid and picturesque waterfall;

but, followed as an end in life, it gradually but inevitably loses its sparkle of movement, becomes sluggish by choking up its own channel, and ends finally in the quagmire which we call satiety and disgust.

What then? An opaque Veil, which is ever the cover and

excuse for earthly selfindulgence, lasts at most for only a short span.

Death brushes it aside. No doubt the lazy spirit thus again made

naked in the pathway of eternal means spiritual progress—which

suffer for his earthly among theprogress—must stagnation—suffer

hosts who give themselves over to "weeping and wailing and gnashing of of lost opportunity. teeth,"—because

But even so, the norm of faith in the plan of salvation is not is only dormant. As Paul says, "If in this life only wedead—it

have hope in Christ, we are of all men most pitiable."Let us believe, therefore, that the sluggards will rise again to the strenuous

life of spiritual achievement, whence alone springs joy; and not drop

least, not all of another level of inertia, which yields—at them—to

at best only a constantly duller tang of selfindulgence.

Let us next consider the other extreme of the Veil, that which approaches transparency. This is the achievement of prophet, seer,

and revelator, and of those choice spirits on earth who have learned to "live in the light as he is in the light."It is the possible goal of

every man and woman who has made covenants with God in sacred places; the possible, let us say, but still rarely achieved in mortality;

for it means a life of such consecration to righteousness as to insure an unbroken stream of truthness from the Source of all truth. Many,

indeed, are called, but few are chosen.

The chief mark of the radiant Veil is an upto-theminute testimony of the Gospel; that is to say, a testimony which recognizes as of

God, not only all past dispensations of his dealings with man, but also the divine authority of the present dispensation, with its new revelations, its restored Priesthood, its sacred rites and ordinances, and its eternal obligations: even to the last detail of daily conduct, upon

him or her who has entered unto covenant with our Father in heaven.

Such a testimony stands for the beginning of eternal Life, or.

in scriptural phrase, the "passing from death unto life."It is the

Mar.. 1929 THE VEIL 373

meaning of "heaven"in the here and now, or the "Kingdom of God within you."Daily to such a one the Lord's prayer is fulfilled:

"Thy kingdom come"to me this day; "thy will be done"by me

this day as it is done by all who are in heaven.

As this stream of truthness lights up the inner being, its sensations are love, joy, peace, comfort, spiritual insight, and whatever other fruits of the spirit the soul stands in need of. Nor does this

inner light detach a person from the lowly duties of earth life: it

rather transfigures in the doing of them with the "single them—finds

eye"the very means, if not the only means, of growth in the direction of intelligence, or the glory of God.

The radiant Veil means the light of the celestial glory already beginning to quicken our earthly tabernacles. And this light evidently grows in brightness until, in the resurrection, it shall burst

into full divine effulgence: "Ye who are quickened by a portion of

the celestial glory,"says our Lord, "shall then receive of the same even a fulness."

But howsoever nearly transparent the spirit Veil becomes, it still remains a veil. Actually to see a heavenly being, or hear an

articulated spirit voice, as the Prophet Joseph did, implies the lifting or taking away of the Veil; and this is always an event rather than

a soul status. It follows that while we sojourn on earth, we see as

through a glass more or less darkly; but the time at length comes,

so says Paul, when we "shall see even as we are seen."

It becomes important then to inquire, how we ourselves are is to say, by our Father in heaven.seen,—that

"Unto me,"says the Lord, "all things are spiritual."Nevertheless, he recognizes that to man there is a Veil hiding this real

world, and disclosing temporal, or as it were a shadowanother—a

world, the here and now of our physical senses. Curiously enough,

philosophy, reasoning from quite another angle, finds equally the apparent insubstantiality of the natural world.

But be this mortal habitat what it may. God ordained it to

be what it is; for only thus could the plan of salvation be brought

about. "By the power of my spirit, created I all things both spiritual and temporal: firstly spiritual, [Does he not refer to preexist-

ence?] secondly, temporal, [Does he not here refer to the Fall?],

which is the beginning of my work; and again firstly temporal,

[Is not this the state in which the Gospel finds man?], and secondly,

spiritual, which is the last of my work."* There can be no doubt

about the meaning of the last "spiritual."It is the state toward

which man's eternal emancipation is now tending, when, as Paul

Doctrine and Covenants 29:3134.

Mar., i9Z9374 IMPROVEMENT ERA

says, "we shall sec even as we are seen."All things will then be

spiritual to us as they are now to our Father in heaven.

We have thus far considered the two extremes of the Veil as viewed by mortal beings: on the one hand, the blackness of opacity

representing either atrophied spiritual insight, or else that pride of intellect which rejects all spiritual intuitions as mere hallucinations;

and on the other, that Nathaniellike development which brings the possessor very "nigh unto the kingdom of admits him God"—nay,

within its portals. In both extreme zones are comparatively few

souls. This brings us to a consideration of the vast middle range of

spiritual vision, that of translucency.

By a translucent Veil we mean one permitting light to pass through, but not forms or figures. As regards mankind, it varies

from nearopaque to neartransparency. The fact that practically all

peoples, whether ancient or modern, heathen or Christian, civilized, barbarous, or savage, have had, and do now have an innate sense, glimmering though it sometimes be, of a hereafterworld, is the most comforting generalization that can be made of the human race. It

shows that the AllFather, when he sent his children earthward for experience, left the door ajar; left the skylight of their souls translucent, that they might in all their dark wanderings here below, not

be without orientation.

As to what the light, which thus streams darkly or brightly through the Veil, may mean to this people or that, the interpretation is as rational, artistic, or the various—grotesque, profound—ascivilization to which these peoples respectively have attained. What

matters it, however, so far as the outstanding central fact of faith in the continuity of things is concerned, that one people conceives the

Beyond as a happy huntingground; another as Valhalla; another

as a beautiful Garden with houris to minister to appetite and passion;

another as Nirvana, where the individualsoul finally dissolves into the AllSoul? If faith in a Beyond is really there to keep their faces

turned toward God, then sometime and somewhere the Christ ideal will reach them; viz., that life is continuous, and that the hereafter

is a progressive enlargement of the here and now, till man shall master, and then use creatively, all the forces of the universe.

To repeat: The thing that really matters is the question asked

by Job: "If a man die, shall he live again?"He shall. Such is the

common denominator of all interpretations of the Veil. That each religion out of this basic lifegerm unfolds into that system of tenets,

duties, rites, and ceremonies which seems the best preparation for the supreme fact of living beyond the else could be exgrave—what

pected? Only let the soul keep in view, as an active hope and guide,

this central truth, that man lives on through all vicissitudes, that

Mar., 1929 THE VEIL 375

love is the dynamo of life, and eternal progress its destiny; let the

soul but dimly respond to this glowing spark of faith, and of what significance by comparison are form and doctrine, tenet and ceremony? Without that spark ceremonies are nothing.

Suppose them to be crude and grotesque. Have you not seen

a magnificent pine growing skyward out of gnarled and crooked dead or dying, which it sloughs again and again?branches—limbs

The faith which lives behind and below form and ceremony, the faith which even dimly lights the inner man, may be compared to the spirit of the stream of light which the Father allows pine—that

to shine through the Veil into every normal soul. Because of it,

man too shall slough his wooden first crude outreachings creeds—the

of his soul toward that his head is lifted higher into the light—as

blue of heaven.

Right here, therefore, it is appropriate to consider the means whereby our Father reaches even his remotest children, and causes them to give up their first dumb responses to the spiritual world the worship of idols, human sacrifices, burying the living with the dead, fetiches, charms, to adopt instead those incantations—and

principles of right living which constitute life as God would have man live, and which alone are entitled to the name of true religion.

In the vision to Joseph Smith and Sidney Rigdon concerning the three glories, it is pointed out that beings from the Celestial minister to the inhabitants of the Terrestrial; and likewise beings from the

Terrestrial to inhabitants of the Telestial; also that the Father gives

special missions to his angels to minister in all the glories, wherever souls may be uplifted thereby, and made to advance in the scale of eternal progress.

Is not this, in a general way, a true likeness of what has taken place and is now taking place on earth? For let us not forget that

the three glories are already here, though perhaps not so clearly defined as they will be there. And is it not the Celestial that first

ministers to the Terrestrial here? What other meaning can you give

to the visions and revelations that have ushered in the new dispensation? And when men who have received the Priesthood, and are

enlightened by the Holy Ghost, go into the world to preach, is it not the Celestial again ministering to the Terrestrial? The truths as

to right living which they is to say, the Gospel disseminate,—that

or plan of first into the lands called enlightened; salvation,—spread

but do they not travel from there by a thousand roads and bypaths into the barbarous and benighted parts of the earth? And shall we

deny that God sometimes sends angels direct to these remote parts of the earth? And shall we deny that God sometimes sends angels

direct to these remote peoples, with such truths as they are fitted to ">-"376 IMPROVEMENT ERA

assimilate, and sets up a Zoroaster, a Buddha, a Confucius, a Mohamet?

Trace by a swift glance the everwidening "sea of glory"set moving by Christ's ministry on earth. Then read through again

that matchless hymn beginning.

"From Greenland's icy mountains

To India's coral strand.

Where Africa's sunny fountains

Roll down their golden sand;

From many an ancient river.

From many a palmy plain They call us to delive Their land from error's chain.

Read this hymn, I repeat, if you would realize how truly the

Celestial administers to the Terrestrial, and the Terrestrial to the

Telestial.

And by what the Meridian or middle dispensation did in this direction, measure what the dispensation of the Fulness of Times has already accomplished, and will yet accomplish, among the children of men. The Millennium, if we could but fully realize what

the word stands for in spiritual evolution, would be our swiftest summing up of the Celestialterrestrial-telestial forces now at work among mankind.

To bring the discussion back to our theme, let me ask: In

virtue of what principle are these marvels of human salvation posfinal human solidarity, in other words, this gradual, eversible—this

widening acceptance of the Father's plan to bring about the spiritual unity of his children? Is it not because of the inner light which

streams translucent through the Veil? Without the living faithchain which this light awakens in man. and which links all men to

the Father of Spirits, as well preach love, unity, and progress to the beasts of the forest as to the tribes of men.

Thus far the discussion has aimed to show how our Father in heaven uses the Veil to conserve and develop his children's spiritual ideals: how by making this mysterious curtain luminous and movable, rather than dark and rigid, he leaves in each soul a witness of

himself, or if not so tangible a thing as that, at least a deep, wondering, reachingout feeling after the Source of their being; how, to

chosen spirits called prophets, he lifts the Veil that mankind may gain thereby the "word of scripture"which shall satisfy this reaching-out hunger: and how at the same time he commissions men to

deliver the glad message to every kindred, tongue, and people.

Earth life, however, is too transitory for the true message to reach all men in any given generation; in lieu of which every people,

during successive generations, builds up its own interpretation of the

Uar.,i9Z9 THE VEIL 377

Veil. Gradually, however, even on the earthplane, these false religions give way to the true; and if this is true on the earthplane,

with its swift change of generations, how much more truly will the real supplant the false behind the Veil, whither we all go with eternity before us for readjustment.

Thus it follows that all men will finally "bow the knee,"and come into divine harmony, save the sons of perdition: not necessarily

with the same exaltation, but still in a kingdom of glory. And at the

final analysis it would seem that this stupendous result becomes possible because divine Mercy left our inner or subconscious life continuous: that is to say, it dimmed but did not quite put out the light

of the Veil.

But the greater question remains: viz.. granting that our inner

life is left continuous, why our outer or conscious life is left discontinuous, why there should be a Veil at ail: why our backward

look upon preexistence should be obliterated, and our forwardlook toward afterlife existence should be barred?

Space will not permit of an extended answer. Says the poet:

"For a wise and glorious purpose

Thou hast placed me here on earth.

And withheld the recollection Of my former friends and birth."

Manifestly that "wise and glorious purpose"is to be looked for in the nature of mortal life itself, t If God intercepts our vision both at birth and at death, backward and forward, his evident meaning must be that we are to use our senses, our judgment, and our will to master the lessons of the here and now. and not lose time picking

holes in the Veil.

And now I wonder whether my making so much depend upon a translucent Veil will be understood, or whether I must disclose the golden text I have been following: viz.. "That was the true light,

even the light which lighteth every man that cometh unto the world"?

There remain the "silhouettes"which appear on the surface of the Veil; the Paul (and Pauline ) Prys. who cease to live the glorious

life which our Father provides for us here below, and spend their time instead in scrutinizing the Veil, if perchance they may thereby surprise some of its secrets: also the men and women who violently

tear aside the Veil, thereby admitting upon the earthplane devils from the preexistence plane, and human derelicts from the plane of the afterlife world. These will next be considered under. "Human

Abuses of the Veil."

fFor an extended discussion of this aspect, see Prof. Nelson's article on the "Purpose of

the Temporal Life''in the Era for May. 1922.

Olympic Games or a Mission?

By M. C. Morris

IS ingan forathletedivinejustifiedhelp inina footaskrace? A young friend of

mine, Percy D. McArthur of

Home Gardens, California, answers affirmatively. This does

not necessarily imply that he believes one should insistently plead for victory, but at least the supplicant can ask for strength to do his very best and for the courage and mental balance to accept the result, whether success or defeat, with a smile.

Percy also believes that an athlete must do his part toward making prayers come true, and therefore through training, proper care of his health, including strict observance of the

Word of Wisdom, he has built up a beautiful body, as clean as a shining arrow and well nigh as swift.

This account of some of Percy D. McArthur his achievements will be recognized by many of his former schoolmates and other friends as being

true in every detail.

As far back as I can remember, Percy's one great ambition was to become an athlete, though up to the time he was a freshman in high school he had never seen a real foot race. He had not been

blessed with a strong constitution, it seemed, and in his childhood days was always considered rather delicate. This fact but increased

his desire to win athletic fame, and he never read an account of a close race or saw anything of the kind on the screen without having his imagination fired and determination awakened to accomplish something in this line himself.

At the age of twelve Percy was allowed to join the Boy Scouts and entered upon this activity with great enthusiasm. Every week

Mac, 1919 OLYMPIC GAMES OR A MISSION? 379

end his troop would spend a few days in the Hollywood mountains, living and hiking in the great outof-doors. As years passed he

began to develop physically and really to enjoy life, until, when the time came for him to enter high school, he possessed a vigorous body, and not a skeleton.

In the Huntington Park Union high school which he attended, the boys were required to take gym a certain number of hours each week. Mac, as he was familiarly called, would sit on the side lines

and watch the bigger boys go through their exercises, and long for an opportunity to participate with them.

The desired chance came when he was a sophomore. The gym

classes were divided into squads which held dual meets among themselves. That was the first time he had ever competed with what

was considered a real runner. He ran in his regular gym suit and

tennis shoes. To the surprise of all he won the 880yard race in

good time, far ahead of all the other entries. This attracted the attention of Coach Verne Landerth, who watched his subsequent efforts

during the days that followed and then called him into his office'and asked how he would like to try out for the track team. Giving

Percy a pair of track shoes, he told him to report on the field that afternoon at four o'clock for the tryouts. Nothing short of a

broken leg or some similar calamity could have prevented Mac from responding to the invitation. He was on the field a half hour ahead

of time ready to run the 880 against the school champion, although he had received no training as to how to start or run. But he had

been taught to put his trust in our Father in heaven, and so he asked for strength to do his part creditably. At the finish he was ten

yards ahead of the field, and had qualified for the team. He acknowledged this as an answer to his prayer.

When the time came for the 440yard race, the coach suggested that he compete in this event also. Percy told him he was tired out

but would try it. As is generally known, this is one of the hardest

races assigned to athletes for the reason that they are expected to sprint the entire distance. At the start Mac, in spite of his best

efforts, fell into sixth place, but on the back stretch he began to pass the others. In fifth place he felt his strength and speed coming back.

With increasing power he passed the fourth man, then the third, and on the last curve he ran wide and fell into second place. With fifty

yards to go the firstplace man was four yards ahead of him but was weakening under the strain, and Percy broke the tape and won the race. With modest pride he received the congratulations of the

crowd and listened to the coach say that he had found a permanent place on the school team.

The first track meet of the year, to be held on the Pasadena

Mar.. \9Z9380 IMPROVEMENT ERA

high school grounds, was three weeks away, and in preparation for it the coach instructed Percy in all the fine points of starting and running with least possible loss of energy. Coach Landerth had a

responsive subject, for the boy's heart was in the work.

It was a wonderful day for a track meet. A large crowd was

in attendance and each group had its favorite. The 440yard race

was called. "On your marks, set,"the pistol shot, and before the

report reached the grandstand each man of the flying group was straining to get the advantage at the first curve. It was apparent

that Mac's brief training had not been sufficient to perfect him in the art of getting off his marks to the best advantage. He was fourth

at the turn. The man in the lead was then, and remained during

Percy's entire running career, his keenest rival. Gradually the race

narrowed down to the two. Each man was doing his best, and

in the final heartbreaking spurt Mac's best was better than that of the other man. A new high school record was hung up.

So went his sophomore year, and in like manner his junior year, during which time he qualified to run in the Southern California championships, where he took a place.

In his senior year, Percy was elected captain of the team, and also served as commissioner of athletics for the school. During the

forepart of the track season he also ran the sprints, reducing the school record for the 100yard dash to 10 seconds flat, and the 220yard dash to 22 seconds flat. Then came the conference track meet.

There were eight schools entered. Mac had been specializing on the

sprints all year and there was one man picked to beat him in the 440yard race. This man was from our famous rival school, Compton High. Our man was nervous because this chap was a good

runner and had a beautiful stride. Percy entered the 100yard dash,

in which he placed second at 9 8/10 seconds, a good warmup for the 440yard run.

The first call was sounded for the 440yard entries to get ready.

Then I saw that Percy was very nervous, and during the second call saw him leaving the field. I followed and asked if he was quitting,

or where he was going. His answer was: "To the team room and

ask the Lord to give me strength to finish this race."This seemed

to me almost foolish, but when he told me later that after doing this he immediately became quieted and that he felt his muscles set for the race, I began to see that it meant a lot to Percy and that perhaps he was right. The final call came from the starter.

Again the tense moment for runner and spectator while the crouching men waited for the gun. Every man hit the ground at

the same time. Percy ran in second place, with an easy stride of seven

and onehalf feet, until they got to the curve, all the men in a bunch liac.,1929 OLYMPIC GAMES OR A MISSION? 381

yards to the home stretch with the tape 100 yards—220 go—on

away, every man going strong. Then all at once there seemed to be

new power added to Mac's legs. He began to shoot out of the

crowd and broke the tape yards ahead of the field. The timers

clocked him at fifty seconds new conference record. flat—a

The principal of the school was standing on the side line during the race, and I stepped up to him and asked: "Who is going to win

the race, Mr. Stockton?"There was a lesson in his answer: "It's

going to be a race to the finish, and the boy who has lived the cleanest life will be the winner."

This victory qualified him for the Southern California championship tryouts, where he placed first, beating his old rival from

Pasadena high school. On the day of the championship race, they

drew lanes next to each other. The Colosseum at Los Angeles was

crowded with excited and enthusiastic thousands. The call came

for the 440yard run. Every man was away with the gun shot.

At the 100yard mark Percy was ten yards ahead of the field and maintained his lead until he hit the tape. The time was announced

at 49 6/10 seconds. This had been the fastest race he had ever run,

but as we were congratulating and cheering him he said: "Boys, no

glory is due me, for it seemed at the start that someone had picked me up and set me ahead of the field and shoved me all around the track, and at the finish I was still fresh. -I asked for strength to do

my best and more than that was given me."

The state track meet was held at Modesto, California. Here

Percy's rival stated that he was determined to win, but victory of the state championships was repeated. Percy was awarded the prize

as the fastest 440yard high school man in the state of California.

When Percy was offered a birth to the National Track Meet which was held in Lincoln, Nebraska on the 1st, 2nd and 4th of

July, 1927, he asked me to go with him, which I did. He represented the Los Angeles Athletic Club. We left for Lincoln and

arrived there two days before the meet. On the way, Mac was very

nervous, this being the first trip of this nature he had ever taken. The

boys in the party invited us to have a drink of coffee with them.

They told Percy it would quiet his nerves and do him good. But he

knew from experience of a better way, and I soon saw a change in his appearance.

On the day of the race, everything was in an uproar; but

through it all Mac was calm, for he said he knew that all would be well with him. We watched the races which came before ours, then

the 440yard was on. At the finish of the race, there were three

men on the tape at the same Burke and McArthur, a time—Butler,

dead heat.

Mar.. 1929382 IMPROVEMENT ERA

In the year 1928, the call of the Olympic was heard all over the country. Every athlete was ambitious to make the team which

was to represent the good old U. S. in the world competition in

Holland. A trip to Europe, seeing the wonders of the old world,

meeting famous coaches, renowned athletes, competing, perhaps winning! Heralded as a.world champion! The dream of a lifetime

might be realized. Mac dreamed, but for once did nothing to bring

about a fulfilment. He did not enter for the tryouts. In answer to

the question put to him by his friends as to why he hadn't entered, he replied:

"I was confident I could make the all primed and team—was

in trim, when I received my call to fill a mission. That meant more

to me than any race."Then he added: "Young athletes should

leave tobacco and alcohol alone, because the only place they will ever get any man is into trouble."

[Editors'Note: Elder McArthur is now laboring in the

Mexican mission.]

Lines composed by Mrs. C. D. McArthur, of Home Gardens,

California, for her son, Elder Percy D. McArthur, and read at his

farewell prior to his departure for the Mexican mission:

Go, my boy. and heaven bless you!

I have read each precious line

Of your heart's responsive throbbing

To a higher call than mine.

God has spoken, you have heard Him,

And though tears these eyes bedim,

Your affections for your mother

Shall not mar your love for Him.

Could I bid you stay from fondness.

When the ever ruling hand Marks your path to duty clearly,

And in faith you understand?

No! 'tis yours to be obedient.

And 'tis mine to be as true.

Go, my boy, where duty calls you

And my prayers shall follow you.

Dear to me is every pathway Which your percious feet have trod,

But I give you fondly, freely,

To your mission and your God.

You and I must never falter In the work we have to do;

Go, my boy, where duty calls you,

And my prayers shall follow you.

Mar.. 1929 OLYMPIC GAMES OR A MISSION? 383

I shall pray for you, how often,

With the waking hours of morn,

Through the labors of my household,

And when night is coming on.

If a mother's prayers can guard you

Mid the dangers you must meet,

God will surely reunite us On a day divinely sweet.

I have loved you from the hour

That my lips first pressed your brow,

Ever tenderly, but never Quite so tenderly as now.

All I have is His who gave it,

What He bids me, I must do:

Go, my boy, where duty calls you,

And my love shall follow you.

I shall miss you in the springtime,

When the flowers are all in bloom,

When the smiling face of nature

Bathes its beauty in perfume;

When the birds are sweetly singing

By the door and on the wing, I shall think of you, who always

Used to pause and hear them sing.

Heaven protect and bless you always,

Holy angels guard your way, Keep your spirit from temptation

And your feet from going astray,

To your parents ever faithful,

To your God be ever true, Go, my boy, where they have called you.

And my prayers shall follow you.

"Mormonism"the Greatest Philosophy

One of the leading thinkers of the world, Dr. Carver of Harvard, said

to a congregation, "I have studied the philosophies of the world, both ancient and modern, but the greatest of all philosophies is the philosophy of 'Mormonism.'

Remember that, young L. D. S. student. In your readings be sure to go

thoroughly into greatest of all philosophies. Of course "Mormonism"—the

it is the greatest, because it is the culmination of all the Gospel dispensations.

We do not study these glorious truths onetenth enough. Study them

and become enthusiastic. Study them and truth will be our constant companion through time and eternity.

Caesar Augustus said. "He who goes not forward, goes backward."Let

us keep on acquiring knowledge of the Gospel, every day learning more of the "greatest of all philosophies."If we stop, we go backward. Our spirits are

pleading with us daily to learn more and more of these precious eternal truths. Joseph S. Peery.

Flying Fingers By Professor Harrison R. Merrill

IFlong,a wordthen ofClydefive D.lettersSandgren,is halfofanProvo,inch

a freshman at Brigham Young University, could write a line a mile long in twentyfour hours. In other words, this

young man with the flying fingers can write more than 92 words a minute without mistake and can keep up that speed for fifteen minutes and perhaps much longer.

Now those who have labored over the keyboard of a typewriter using the "hunt and bunt"system cannot fully appreciate

Clyde D. sandgren just what that means. To them I suggest that they take a pencil and piece of paper and dot the paper

as rapidly as possible. Then when they have timed themselves and

have dotted for ten seconds by the watch, they are to count the dots.

That will give them some idea of how rapidly young Sandgren's fingers must fly in order to make 92 words per minute for fifteen minutes, as he did in December to win the beautiful pin offered by one of the typewriter companies. Those same people should remember that the typist must read the words, making letter for letter,

punctuation mark for punctuation mark, space for space, and must do it without mistake or almost without mistake.

If the average length of the words is five letters, the young typist must have struck four hundred sixty keys every minute of the fifteen, a fraction more than seven and a half keys each second.

Young Sandgren has received notice in The Gregg Writer, a magazine for "secretaries, stenographers and typists,"of which John

Robert Gregg, of the Gregg shorthand system, is editor. That

magazine states that "Clyde D. Sandgren, a Provo high school

student, has hung up a typewriting record that is unique in its brilliancy and its inclusiveness. His accuracy on the typewriter at

high rates of speed has won for him three portable typewriters and twentyfive medals and pins offered by various typewriter companies through their educational departments.

"On May 12, 1927, the Remington Typewriter Company awarded him a portable typewriter for writing for fifteen minutes at the rate of 68 words a minute, without error. Nineteen days

later he wrote again without error for fifteen minutes, making 63 words a minute. His reward was a new Corona typewriter. In

Mac, 1929 FLYING FINGERS 385

December, 1927, in competition with all high school students using

Royal typewriters, Sandgren was declared National Royal Typewriting Champion. His record for fifteen minutes was 86.4 words

a minute perfect. In the 1928 Utah State Commercial Contest, he

placed first. An unusual typewriting record."

The article goes on to say that young Sandgren, upon being asked how he accounted for his phenomenal success returned: "My

parents have always maintained that clean living, wholesome food, and plenty of sleep will bring its reward. I have never tasted tea,

coffee, tobacco, or strong drinks, and this, I believe, accounts for my nerve control during times of stress and excitement. I have been

playing the piano for several years and this has helped me a great deal."But that was not all, though much of the secret. Keeping the

Word of Wisdom does not train a man at all, it merely puts him in condition to receive training well. Those three typewriters and

those twentyfive pins and medals were not just showered upon this young worked for them. Here is the conclusion of his man—he

statement: "I started typing in my freshman year and took regular

class work until this year, when studentbody activities interfered with my practice. One who wishes to make a success of anything must go into it wholeheartedly, and to that one thing I owe

my success—practice."

There is the simple story of high achievement. Now that young

Sandgren is in college he is still carrying on. In December, 1928,

just to keep his fingers in trim, he tried the 90word test. He came

through his fifteen minutes with an average of 92 words a minute.

There is just one more pin that has ever been won in Utah, and that 100was won first by a student of Brigham Young University—the

word diamond pin which was won about a year and a half ago by

Miss Norma Christensen, of Richfield.

"I am going to try the 100word test soon,"said Cylde, smiling in his friendly way. "I believe I can take it."

I believe he eventually will take it, for he is still living the same sane, wholesome life that he lived when he won his typewriters.

His nerve control should be just as good for it has not been impaired by the use of any narcotics whatsoever.

Clyde Sandgren has come up through Scouting and the organizations of the Church. No football man. no track athlete, no

basketball star ever spent more time training for his work than

Clyde Sandgren has spent in order to become a national Royal champion. He has attended to his diet, he has secured his sleep, he

has avoided those things which seem to give efficiency only to deceive in time of stress, but instead of training his heels he has been training his hands. He has become the youth with the "flying fingers."

Dr. Karl G. Maeser, the Character

Builder By Dr. John T. Miller

outstanding service of Dr. Karl G. Maeser to humanityTHEwas in his ability to inspire young people with a desire to

make the best of life. He understood human nature and

built all his work upon the true science of mind. In his book,

:School and Fireside, he says (on page 38)

"It is the duty of parents and teachers to discover natural capacities and inclinations in their children, for these capacities point out, as a rule, the line along which the most successful career or vocation in life may be followed, although financial conditions, vanity, ignorance, prejudices, and many other influences may prevent the choice of the vocation most suitable and even cause the adoption of a vocation illadapted to the pupil."

The value of Dr. Maeser's work as an educator was recognized

by the great educator, Col. Francis W. Parker, when he conducted

a summer school for teachers in the Brigham Young University about thirty years ago. At a convention held in the Provo Tabernacle at that time Dr. Maeser delivered an address and at the close

of it the writer saw Col. Parker embrace Dr. Maeser and weep for

joy at finding an educator in the Rocky Mountains working so fundamentally in the educational field. On page 37 of School and

Fireside, Dr. Maeser describes a weakness in education that has not

yet been overcome. He says:

"The prevailing system of feverish competition in our public schools, emphasizing as it does intellectual advancement to the almost entire neglect of every other requirement, engenders a spirit of selfish ambition, an evil which sadly mars the characters of many of our most prominent public men today.

The educational methods prevailing in the public schools and homes in America more than anywhere else in civilized countries neglect the cultivation of reverence.

Hence the disregard for parental authority, out of which grows disloyalty to the laws of our country, disregard for the feelings and rights of fellowmen and a growing discontent with the conditions of society. No man can ever

be true to his God who has not learned to be true to his home, his country and to humanity."

In the work of social purity for which there is such great need in all the world today, Dr. Maeser gave some of the most fundamental service that has ever been given. In the beginning of the

Brigham Young Academy, now University, when Dr. Maeser was

at the head, he personally gave instruction to the young men in sexscience and personal purity, while Zina Young Card gave similar

Mar., 1919 DR. KARL G. MAESER 387

instructions to the girls in subjects that were vital to their lives. On

page 41 of School and Fireside, Dr. Maeser says:

"There is a certain degree of prudery pervading among parents and teachers in respect to the relationship of husband and wife, which their children or pupils are expected to enter into sooner or later. No one expects to occupy a

position in business life without having informed himself in regard to its requirements, and sought advice from those interested in his welfare or otherwise posted himself on the subject. But young people of both sexes are

permitted to enter into the most sacred relationships of life without one word of counsel.

"And this is not all: There is not an experienced teacher in the land

that has not noticed with aching heart the slimy trail of the serpent, the symptoms of secret vices, on the countenances of some of his pupils. Attempts

to confer with the parents in such cases for the purpose of securing their cooperation in the rescue of their child from the inevitable consequences of such habits, are too often met by a stolid indifference, an offended credulity, or even by personal insults.

"Let the teacher in private interview approach the afflicted one of his or her sex in great kindness, patience and purity. Thus many a young life is rescued

from destruction and started anew on a path that leads to health, prosperity and usefulness. In schools where both sexes are taught but where only male

teachers are laboring there should be a wise and experienced woman chosen as matron to talk with the girls and instruct them on moral and hygienic principles pertaining to the nature and mission of their sex. A male teacher should

perform corresponding duties and similarly instruct the boys and young men."

More than thirty years 'ago while the writer was teaching physiology and psychology at the Brigham Young University, he gave a lecture a week for twenty weeks to the young men. Mrs.

Susa Young Gates, and later Mrs. Leah Dunford Widtsoe, gave a

similar course of lectures to the girls. The response to these lectures

was very encouraging. Later when teaching in the L. D. S. University the writer extended the course to a lecture a week during the

entire year and some of the young men who took the course said it was one of the most valuable courses they had. While visiting at

the home of Dr. Mary WoodAllen at Ann Harbor, Michigan,

World President of Purity Work for the W. C. T. U., the writer

told her of the constructive work that was being done in the Church schools of Utah and she said there is urgent need for such work in every school of the world. Dr. Maeser was a pioneer in that excellent work and the neglect of it everywhere today is one of the

greatest mistakes that is being made.

As Dr. Maeser's book, School and Fireside, has long been out

of print and few of his admirers may have access to it, another quotation from it may be given here with profit. Under the heading of

"Cultivation of Moral Habits,"he says:

"Vivisection of vegetable and animal organisms may be comparatively easy and to some extent instructive but it has never touched as yet the mainspring

Mar.. 19Z9388 IMPROVEMENT ERA

of life, neither has the reverse process ever been attempted; viz., to reconstruct

out of the separate fragments a living thing.

"As the origin of life is yet far beyond the horizon of analytical investigation so is the nativity of virtue hidden behind the veil of infinitude. Virtue is

not a mere product of the necessities and conveniences of man nor an empirical outgrowth of advancing civilization to be viewed from a purely utilitarian standpoint as evolutionists would make us believe, but it is that attribute of humanity which makes man akin to God. Morality is the extent to which virtue has been

able to manifest itself in the feelings, desires, words and actions of man either in his bearing as an individual or in his collective capacity as society.

"As a concrete manifestation of an abstract principle, virtue is to be cultivated more effectually by practical training in good habits than by mere theoretical instruction and logical dissertations. The chief part of morality

consists in DOING and not in MERELY KNOWING. Precepts in morality,

therefore, should follow the synthetic process moving from simple example to complex idea. In this way did God educate men from the Garden of Eden

at the beginning, to the foot of Mt. Sinai in the Mosaic dispensation, then

from Calvary in the meridian of time, and to the hill Cumorah at the opening of the Latterday dispensation.

"The proverb 'Knowledge is power,'is only relatively true. Knowledge

should be supported by corresponding moral qualities. The formation of character depends upon the nature of the moral training which accompanies intellectual advancement. There are learned fools and learned knaves in this world

with all shades and diversities between them. A piece of furniture may be

beautifully painted, splendidly varnished, elaborately ornamented, and gotten up in exquisite taste, and still prove worthless on account of the rotten timber in it. Another piece far less showy may be of greater value because it is proved

to consist of solid wood.

"Thus it is with man. No outward refinement of manners, no acquired

accomplishments, no excellence in the arts or sciences, no mastership in mechanical pursuits, no high position in recompense for the lack society—can

of a virtuous character. Parents and teachers ought to make it their first and

foremost concern, whatever other forming and shaping and garnishing their educational efforts may have in view, that the characters of their children and pupils shall be made of SOUND TIMBER.

"Morality is far more the result of habit than of reasoning. This fact

serves as a guide to the educator who by perseverance and example habituates his pupils in good manners, noble aspirations; and chaste words and actions,

thus assisting the formation of characters fitted to sustain honorably all the eventualities of this life, and prepared by daily object lessons in a strict morality for the duties of a higher existence."

The writer taught under Dr. Maeser and was prepared for the

humanculture work he has done in more than 1,000 cities around the world through the personality and teachings of that great educator more than any other man in the Rocky Mountain region.

Some of his other best teachers had passed on to eternity long before he was born. Among them were Doctors Gall and Spurzheim,

George and Andrew Combe, Pestalozzi, Froebel, Dr. R. T. Trail,

and Horace Mann, America's greatest educator, author of these lines:

"Lost between sunrise and sunset two golden hours, each set with

Mar.. 1919 DR. KARL G. MAESER 389

sixty diamond minutes. There is no reward offered as they are

gone forever."We also read: "Do not waste time because that

is the stuff life is made of."The last words he said to his students

were: "Be ashamed to die before you have won some victory for

humanity."From early youth the writer has read biographies of

great men and women who have devoted their lives not to the things that moth and rust corrupt, that thieves can steal, but to the improvement of human lives. During thirtyfive years devoted to

characterbuilding, often under great difficulties, these people have been a constant inspiration, spur and real help.

Be Not Deceived By Byrant S. Hinckley, President of Liberty Stake

Will Durant in his introduction to the Story of Philosophy has this to say: "We want to seize the value and perspective of passing things and so pull ourselves up out of the maelstrom of daily circumstance. We want to know

that little things are little and that big things are big before it is too late: we

the light of eternity."want to see things now as they will seem forever—in

This admonition comes from one who has read deeply into the philosophy of life and who is competent to speak upon questions of farreaching effect.

These words are freighted with significance.

To get the true perspective of things, to weigh all things and evaluate them in the "light of eternity,"requires not only remarkable vision but patience and selfdiscipline. We see the immediate more clearly and feel the urge of the

present more keenly than we do the remote.

On the contrary, "eat, drink and be merry for tomorrow we die"is a fatal doctrine. More lives have been wrecked through it than from any other

cause. No matter how alluring a thing may be, if it is not good "in the light

of eternity,"it is never good.

To know that "little things are little and that big things are big before it is too late"is a consummation of the highest wisdom. How many brilliant

lives have been submerged or dissipated in transitory things; how many have

achieved temporary success at the expense of enduring success? How often one

becomes confused and lost in the "maelstrom of daily circumstance."To

pull one's self up out of this and to view things in the "light of eternity"is to emerge into a larger and brighter world.

To major in things that have no permanent value seems not only a waste of energy but it has in it the element of tragedy. Petty things that scar one's

conscience and mar one's character, no matter if they seem to bring temporary satisfaction are, in the final analysis, suicidal. If one does a dishonest thing,

though it brings an immediate profit, it is paid for out of the coin of his soul.

A lie cannot live. The only path that can be pursued with pride and permanent

satisfaction is the "straight and narrow path."Our lives stretch into eternity

and only the genuine can alone can last. The poet puts it well: endure—truth

"Truth crushed to earth will rise again,

The immortal years of God are hers;

While error wounded writhes in pain

And dies amid her worshipers."

"Be not deceived: God will not be mocked, for whatsoever a man soweth

that shall he also reap."Gal. 6:7.

Lessons from Common Things By Dr. Franklin S. Harris, President of the

Brigham Young University

3. WIND I was a boy living in a section where wind was veryWHENdisagreeable during certain periods of the year, I made up my mind that if I ever had the chance to make a world to order I would eliminate all wind from it. If I had then known as

much as I know now, such an idea could not long remain in my mind. Since my childhood days I have learned a lot of lessons

about the world and how each part of it functions to the best advantage of man. I am sure that if my various childish fancies had

all been catered to the entire universe would have been upset, and much suffering brought upon the world. More and more I am

willing to take the world just as I find it, knowing that when I strive for greater knowledge of the parts that seem to function poorly I shall find that even they are fully justified.

Take for instance, this disagreeable item of the wind. What

relation has it to our daily lives? It is so very common that we

seldom pay very much attention to it, but if we strive to know all about it, at once it becomes of great interest. The wind is nothing

more nor less than an attempt to even up air pressure brought about by different densities of the air. When air is heated it expands and

therefore becomes lighter per unit of volume. A cubic foot of air

that is cold weighs a fraction of an ounce more than a cubic foot of warm air. When a heavy weight is put on one side of a balance and

a lighter one on the other side, the heavy one goes down and the lighter one comes up. This is the whole story behind wind.

When for any reason the air over a large area becomes heated it becomes light, and the air in the surrounding area which remains cooler is heavier; the cooler air rushes in and forces the lighter to rise.

The rush of cold air is what we recognize as the wind, and the faster it rushes, the harder the wind.

The warm air which rises is of great importance to us. Air

which is warm has the power to absorb much larger quantities of water vapor than cool air. Every housewife knows that whenever she wants to dissolve things like sugar quickly, she heats the

water. This does not apply to all substances; for example, common

salt does not dissolve much faster in hot water than it does in cold water, but most substances do, and most of them can be dissolved in larger quantities in hot water than in cold. Somewhat the same

principle applies to gases like air. The air absorbs or dissolves

very much more water vapor if it is warm or hot than if it is cold.

Mar., 1929 LESSONS FROM COMMON THINGS 391

Air which has been warmed and holds a considerable amount of water vapor is continually being forced upward by cold air from surrounding localities. This moistureladen warm air rises until it

comes to a cooler current which absorbs part of its heat. After this

loss of heat the air finds itself with more water vapor in solution than it can hold, and this causes cloudiness, or if the drop in temperature is rapid, rain. All of our rain comes about through just such

a process. Of course, everyone realizes that it would not be possible to live long on the earth if there were not rain. The rivers

would soon go dry and all the water would gather in the ocean as salt water. We need a constant supply of rain to renew the streams

and to give fresh water to plants and man.

If my childish fancies had been realized there would be no wind and, therefore, no sudden thrusting of moisture laden air upwards to furnish water for rain. An exchange of air from place to place is

essential to an adequate supply of rain, because stagnant air soon becomes saturated with moisture and no more water will evaporate.

The winds bring in fresh air to absorb the moisture so that water in great quantities is taken into the air to furnish the necessary rain water.

Another very important quality of wind is that it has a great tempering influence on climate. Places which are cold and would

remain cold are tempered in their climate because of the movement of warmer air. In the northwest part of this country and in Canada

during the severe winter, the extreme temperature is frequently broken by what is called a "chinook,"a wind which blows in from the west coast. This air having been warmed by the temperate ocean

current moves inland and sometimes breaks a very severe winter.

There is a constant interchange of air from land to sea whereby the land is made warmer during the winter and cooler during the summer.

We all know how important it is to reduce the extremes of temperature both in summer and winter, and the wind is one of the most important forces in bringing this about.

Wind is also valuable in clearing the atmosphere. If there were

no change in the air and it always remained in exactly the same position, it would become very foul around cities or districts with numerous industrial establishments, and soon become almost unbearable. It is a wise provision of nature that these injurious byproducts of man, which rise into the air, can be swept away regularly

by the cleansing action of wind.

I now In view of these things, as well as other things which toknow about wind, I have long since allowed my childish fancy be replaced by the acknowledgment that the common things by which we are surrounded are very wisely planned. Did all of these

it waswise provisions come about by chance? Can you believe

brought about by a childish, amateur planner?

Utac, a New Wheat how it was produced By Dr. George Stewart, Agronomist, Utah Agricultural

College and Experiment Station year "Utac"wheat, an entirely new variety, is beingTHIS grown on about twenty farms, principally in Cache Valley and Sevier Valley, Utah. This variety is a production of

the Utah Experiment Station, and its name, chosen by President

Peterson of the Utah Agricultural College, is a combined abbreviation of "Utah A. C."The accompanying photographs bring out

the most important quality of this new wheat, which is its ability to stand erect on land where the old varieties lodged badly enough to reduce yield and to cause trouble in harvesting. In addition to

this, the wheat has long, club heads, the chaff of which holds the grain firmly and prevents loss due to shattering of the grain. The

grain is white and rather hard, whereas most of the old varieties on the dryfarm lands are hard and red. During the last three or

four years red grain has brought a price that is less by about 8 to 1 5 cents a bushel.

"Utac"wheat is adapted to production on dryfarming lands where winterkilling is not serious and where the soil and moisture conditions are so favorable as to cause the ordinary varieties to lodge.

Turkey wheat and Kanred wheat, which is merely a selection of

Turkey, do not have straw of sufficient strength to permit their standing erect if the yields are going to be 35 bushels or more to the acre. While considerable areas of our dryfarming territory are in

regions where the yields will be smaller than this and where lack of moisture is the serious problem, there is still an important proportion of the acreage, such as large parts of Cache Valley and adjacent regions, and smaller areas in almost all parts of the state, where the yields will be very high. It is in these sections of the dryfarming territory that this new variety of wheat will likely find a

welcome reception.

In the Sevier River Valley of Utah, especially in the general vicinity of Richfield, there is a territory wherein spring wheats are seeded but where the common varieties such as Dicklow and Federation do not seem to be adapted. The variety "Sevier."named from its

having been first found in that locality, is an important variety.

"Utac"wheat was tried last year in that region and it was thought to be very much superior to Sevier wheat. It was, in fact, in that

region that the plantbreeding work which finally resulted in "Utac"wheat was begun.

Mar., 1929 UTAC, A NEW WHEAT 393

i

A

Fig. 1. "Utac"Wheat in Sevier County on Same Farm and Beside the Field Shown in

Fig. 2. This field Yielded 71.4 Bushels an Acre.

Manufacturing a New Variety The plantbreeding process by which a new variety is produced may almost be likened to a manufacturing process. In 1918 and

1919, the writer made a survey of the wheat fields of Utah and found a hitherto unknown variety growing in Sevier Valley, Utah.

During the next two or three years this variety was grown on the experimental farms at Logan. A study of the characters and behavior

of the variety in comparison with the ones known in the United

States revealed the fact that this was a new variety. In keeping

with the place of its discovery, the name "Sevier"was given to it.

At the time it was found in the neighborhood of Richfield, farmers and other interested people reported it to be the predominant variety on account of its ability to fill the grain properly even when it lodged on the wet land of that valley. It was observed also to

have the quality of holding the grain firmly in the chaff.

During its first two years on the Experimental Station ground at Logan, this variety proved to be a high yielder when conditions were such that it could remain erect. This prompted the initiation

of a plantbreeding project to unite the stiff straw of the Dicklow variety with the desirable qualities of Sevier. This effort led to a

"manufacturing"process in which the two wheat varieties furnished the raw material and in which the processes consisted of making use of the forces of heredity.

is Made How a Cross Ordinarily both the male and female elements of wheat come

A/r 1929394 IMPROVEMENT ERA

from one plant. Such a crop is said to be selffertilized. Because

this condition prevails, the variety Dicklow, if kept pure from admixtures, will breed true to itself. This is likewise true of the variety

Sevier, as well as of other wheat varieties. Artificial fertilization

is, therefore, necessary in order to cause a cross. A man who understands the operation takes with him a bucket, box or small stool on

which to sit and goes into a grain field just after the wheat is well headed. He needs a single small pair of forceps, or implement—a

tweezers as some people call them. If the wheat variety has beards,

he will also be required to use a pair of small scissors which are useful but not necessary on a variety that has no beards.

The worker examines a head of wheat in order to see that no fertilization has yet taken place. The Sevier wheat is bearded, and

since that was used as the mother plant in the cross, the beards were clipped out of the way rather close down to the chaff. At the base

of the head and at the top are some small spikelets (a group of chaff and flowers forming one section of a wheat head) which are clipped away because they mature at a different time from the ones at the middle of the head. With the forceps held carefully in one

hand and the wheat head in the other, the worker gently slips the closed tips of the forceps between the two chaffs inclosing the flower, that is, where a kernel will later form. He finds inside of this floret,

as it is then called, four parts. At the base is a tiny, tender clubshaped body bearing on the top a featherlike projection. This is

the female part of the flower and is known as the pistil. Surrounding

this are three green bodies supported on slender stems. These are

the stamens and bear the male element of the flower.

The three stamens are carefully removed, care being taken not to leave any of them, either whole or in fragments, and also not to injure the tender surrounding tissues. Since this operation is repeated for all of the other florets on the head, no kernel of wheat

would form if other treatment was not given. Nothing remains

on this head of wheat except the female parts.

The worker now goes to the other variety which he wishes to use in the cross and chooses a plant which is two or three days more advanced than is the mother plant. Examination with the forceps

shows that the three green male bodies removed from the mother plant have now turned yellow. One of these is removed in the

points of the forceps, and the worker, sitting close to the mother plant and protecting it with his body against any slight breeze, touches this yellow body on his thumb nail. If it is mature and

ready for use a small cloud of yellow pollen is given out. The

anther which holds the pollen is then thrust into one of the florets and touched gently on the featherlike projection of the pistil. These

Mar., 1929 UTAC. A NEW WHEAT 395

yellow, powderlike bodies of pollen are the male elements and are thus brought in contact with the female elements in the pistil.

This process is repeated for each kernel of wheat that is to form in the head. The head of wheat is then carefully covered so as to

prevent access of undesired pollen until fertilization has taken place.

In a few days the cover is either loosened or removed, but a tag giving the history of the cross is left on the stalk just below the head. If natural conditions are favorable and if the operator is

skillful, there will be kernels in most of the places where there should be, and these kernels will be crossed or hybrid kernels. At maturity

the kernels are harvested carefully and those from one head are placed in a small envelope and properly labeled. This operation was performed in the year 1919 between the Dicklow and Sevier wheats.

In 1920 each kernel was seeded by itself about one foot distant from other kernels. A single plant comes from each kernel. When

spaced a foot apart, sometimes as many as 20 to 40 heads develop on each plant. These are allowed to develop without any artificial

manipulation. When mature, all of the grain is harvested and once

again placed in an envelope.

In general appearance, the plant during the year just mentioned is somewhat like the one parent and somewhat like the other. During

the next year, 1921 in this case, the kernels from the plants were seeded in rows with about 3 inches between kernels. Some 500 plants

were so grown in 1922 from the cross of SevierDicklow. This

season some plants resembled one parent, some the other, with all sorts of combinations between the parents. At harvest time the grain

I 'ii'iiiftiiiriiauL 'w>',. <..:. *,V,t

1 "..'

v>...

-, 'vr '\ (;,..ft* \ - ';%v ''"''

Fig. 2. "Sevier"Wheat in Sevier County on Same Farm and Beside Field Shown in

Fig. 1. This field yielded 50 Bushels an Acre.

Mar.. 1929396 IMPROVEMENT ERA

from each plant is again placed in small envelopes and given a number, a record of which is also kept in the pedigree record book.

In 1922 this grain was again sown in such a fashion that the wheat from each plant of the year before constituted a short row of about 40 or 50 plants. During this year some of the rows bred

true, that is, all of the 40 or 50 plants in that row were alike, but many of the rows still produced plants that differed from each other, that is, the row "segregated,"as the plant breeder says.

Individual plant selections were continued for one more year (1923), at which time about 350 grains, most of them different in some way, were obtained and all of which were now breeding true to whatever qualities they possessed. These were then (1924) put

into a yield test to find which were the highestyielding sorts. Manifestly, 350 strains can be more readily handled when seeded in rows.

Rows 17 feet long, three rows in a place for each sort with a similar planting three other places in the field, gives a reliable test.

The next year (1925), poor ones are dropped out of the test and still more of them during the third year (1926). Some dozen

or twenty now remain and there is enough grain to put in a grain drill and seed a small plat a few rods long and one drill width wide.

Comparative yields are made in these plats, not only between the strains themselves but with the common varieties. These common

varieties are known as "checks."One of the strains which had the

pedigree number. F-68 proved to be superior in yield, in standing

ability, and in other qualities. It was multiplied (1927) in an area

of about 2/3 of an acre.

There was then enough grain to seed on two farms in Cache

Valley and two in Sevier Valley, for the 1928 crops. From these

fields comparisons were obtained bearing out the experimental superiority of this new wheat which was given the name "Utac."

There are two other qualities that are not yet known and can only be proved by time. It is not at all certain that this new wheat

is fully winter hardy under unfavorable conditions. A series of

crosses with some hardy parents is being brought through their segregating stages in order to have some strain that will be hardy to winter cold if "Utac"wheat proves not to be. It is not yet known

that the milling quality of this variety will enable it to establish itself as a widely grown commercial sort. Every new wheat is objected to at first. It will, therefore, be two or three years, or perhaps longer, before this can possibly be known.

Such is the history of the manufacturing of a new variety. In

this method lies great possibilities, not only in wheat but in other crops. By it a good quality in one sort can be added to the good

qualities of another sort, but it is a slow, expensive, and rigorously scientific process.

Little Tads By George P. Barber

I found a tobacco can in my 3-yearmy son of saying such things as "you old son's overall pocket today. Further big dumbbell''and other more serious

search disclosed a package of cigarette and even less elegant epithets. I am

papers. Of course I took them away less in the dark as to how to proceed

from him, though he gave them up than I was earlier in the day, for as with reluctance. I passed my neighbor's house (where

This afternoon Bobbie plays) I he came downstairs heard a voice pipe with a smoking up in a high treble, match in his "You big dumbmouth. I didn't bell."So I have a

need to ask him cue. The smoking

what he was dohabit is a common ing; he volunteered one in the neighthe information. borhood; therefore

"Look, daddy, I can easily under-

I'm smoking,"he stand the origin of said, gleefully. the smoking

I was amazed at match.

the dexterity with After pondering which he handled upon the problem, the imitation cigar- 1 am constrained to ette. Evidently he think that many

had been studying grown people do some smoker carenot realize how exfully. Bobbie has tremely imitative

never seen me are children, or else smoke, I don't inthey are grossly dulge; but he has negligent of their

seen somebody go duty, which conthrough the charsists in setting acteristic motions, good examples.

and the sharp, Children do not bright eyes of these acquire habits of little youngsters of profanity, unours miss very truthfulness, dislittle. And imitaobedience and untion with them is desirable traits of

theydeveloped to an unBobbie themselves—

usual degree. learn by example.

Several days ago I felt it my duty to As I am writing this, Bobbie sits correct Bobbie for doing something of with his legs crossed and his hands which I didn't approve. I was thunclasped in his lap. He is imitating the

oath that I have often heard but wants to wear overalls because Harold,derstruck—an when he used a profane word man from whom we buy milk. He

have never used myself. his chum, wears them. He wants a

Tonight I am seeking a solution of "big"dish of soup because his "daddy the vexing problem of how to break has one,"and insists upon doing countMar.. 1929398 IMPROVEMENT ERA

less things in certain ways because he early and we must keep a safe distance has seen them done in just those ways. ahead of them by starting earlier. In

I was surprised the other day to watch fact, it is never too early to begin.

him peel an apple very dexterously, It is indeed a fascinating study and deftly cut out the stem. I noticed the development of the child's mind to

the striking resemblance of his method successively higher and higher planes.

to his mother's. Scientists tell us many things concernMy purpose in writing this article ing the minds of children. There is

is not to advertise my son's cleverness. yet much to be learned. To underIn common with all parents, I am exstand children, one must place one's

traordinarily fond of my boy, but I self as nearly as possible upon an equal am nevertheless willing to admit that footing. I am convinced that one canhe is no smarter than other lads of his not reason from a lofty, abstract point

age. I am endeavoring to point out of view in analyzing the juvenile

some truths, and am using the most mind. Constant contact and sympathy

convenient illustration as an example. are essential to successful training.

It is my unqualified opinion that Little tads! How they worm their

many things are going on in the heads way into our hearts! I sometimes

of our youngsters of which we have think we love them more for their little knowledge, and that we do not faults than their youngvirtues—if

give them credit for half they know. sters of such tender age can be said

Herein lies the essential weakness of to have faults and virtues. At least

our training. We do not start early we can understand, through a study of

enough and we do not understand our our children, why the Almighty gave subjects as we should. We fail to weaknesses to those whom he created.

realize how keen their eyes are, and But our parental duty consists in niphow they treasure up every impression ping the small offenses in the embryto spring them on us when we are off onic bud and in having a wholesome our guards. For they are also past respect for the juvenile brain, no matmasters of technique. They begin ter how juvenile it may be.

O Man, Revere Your Heritage O man, revere your heritage.

A child of God are you!

Unto your royal parentage, You should be nobly true.

Fling off the grasp of fettering things,

From meagreness arise;

Endeavor will lend you her wings.

To soar to yonder skies.

Stoop not to strife, eschew all ill;

For you, the golden deed Awaits your cup of life to fill

With Godship for its need!

O man, revere your heritage, A child of God are you!

Unto your royal parentage, You must be nobly true.

Provo. Utah Grace Ingles Frost

Leadership Week Unique By Professor Harrison R. Merrill

Seventyfour stakes, including three except the two hours devoted to the in California, were represented by General Assembly. These departregistrants at Brigham Young Univerments offered regular instruction under

sity during the Eighth Annual Leaderthe direction of professors of Brigham ship Week, which was held January Young University assisted by visiting 2126, inclusive. This registration lecturers. The general authorities and

indicates that interest in adult educageneral boards of the Church coopertion is growing. ated in all of the work by furnishing

This year, in addition to the Leaderlecturers and by assisting in outlining ship Week, a number of statewide orthe programs for the various departganizations held their annual convenments.

tions at Brigham Young University The Recreational Department tried during the same week. These began an experiment this year consisting of a

with the convention of the State Hornumber of demonstrations, a different ticultural Society, January 21, 22 and one each day. On Monday, Miss

23. On January 23. the Poultry Wilma Jeppson. physical director ot

Producers Cooperative Association held girls at Brigham Young University, its convention, and on January 24, 25, staged a family reunion. This demonand 26, the Utah State Farm Bureau stration was followed on Tuesday

held its annual meeting. These sesby social culture demonstrations, on

sions closed with the meeting of the Wednesday by a picnic demonstration,

Beet Growers Association during the on Thursday by a ward reunion, and afternoon of Saturday, January 26. on Friday by a Spanish fiesta. All of

Though the lower plant of the Inthese demonstrations proved to be institution was utilized mainly by Leadteresting and helpful and attracted a ership Week activities and these state great deal of attention.

conventions, the (class work of the Though the fifteen departments each school, in the main, went on as usual. had a separate subject, each one was

In fact, those classes which are held built around the theme: "Education

on University Hill felt no interrupfor the enrichment of rural life,"tion whatever. Though students were which gave the week some unity. The

used for registering the visitors, these state conventions, of course, followed served in relays in such a way as to splendidly along the same lines.

cause none of them to miss their The departments which offered inclasses. Theology was not taught as struction were Scouting, Recreation,

it usually is, but through special deMan and His Biological Environment, votionals at which four special speakHealth, The Family in Relation to ers, Dr. Joseph F. Merrill, commisSocial Welfare, the Interpretive Point

sioner of education of the Church; of View in Teaching Standard Church

and Elders Joseph Fielding Smith, Works, Journalism, Genealogy, MuStephen L. Richards and Melvin J. sic, Psychology, The Rural Home.

Ballard, members of the Council of the Reading in the Home, Standard Red

Twelve, gave inspirational talks. Cross First Aid, Child Care and TrainFifteen departments of instruction ing, Literature, and Drama for Rewere organized for the adult students. lief Society Class Leaders. These deOf these, and Recreapartments, in the main, held but one two—Scouting

which ran session daily. tion—had programs

throughout every hour of every day, Each of the first three days a genMar., 1929 400 IMPROVEMENT ERA

eral assembly was held for all visitors, the high standard of living they should under the direction of Brigham Young maintain.

University. The assemblies on ThursThe free evening entertainments

day, Friday, and Saturday were conwere especially attractive. They beducted by the Utah State Farm gan with the GetAcquainted Ball

Bureau. on Monday evening, at which fully

On Monday, Dr. Franklin Stewart 500 couples were present and particiHarris, president of Brigham Young pated.

University, was the first speaker. He Perhaps the crowning entertainoutlined the purpose of Leadership ment feature of the week was the BrigWeek, which, he said, was to furnish ham Young University Symphony

an opportunity for adults to know the Orchestra Male Glee Club concert, delights of learning within the gates which was held in the Utah stake of a university. He was followed on tabernacle on Tuesday evening. The

the same program by Dr. Joseph F. orchestra of fortyfive instruments

Merrill, commissioner of education of was directed by Prof. LeRoy J.

the Church, who emphasized the need Robertson, whose interpretations of of religious training along with secuthe numbers his musicians played were lar learning. exquisite. The male chorus contained

ninety voices, as the Mendelsohn Male Elders Joseph Fielding Smith and

Chorus and the Brigham Young UniMelvin J. Ballard, members of the

versity Male Glee Club came together,Council of the Twelve, were the speunder the direction of Professor Wilcial speakers Tuesday. On Wednesday, liam F. Hanson, for the occasion. The Dr. George H. Brimhall, president

tabernacle was filled to capacity byemeritus of Brigham Young Univerthose eager to hear the artistic triumph.sity, and Dr. Thomas L. Martin, were On Wednesday evening the Utahthe principal speakers. Sam H.

Thompson, president of the American stake tabernacle choir, under the direction of Dean Gerrit de Jong, sangFarm Bureau, and C. S. "Farmer"

"The Vision,"Evan Stephen's wellBrown, former president of the Ariknown composition. The Brighamzona Farm Bureau, were the chief Young University string quartette andspeakers at the Farm Bureau sessions.

Professor Alfred Osmond, reader, asAll advocated organization and betsisted on the program. After the conter-business methods on the farm in cert, the Poultry Producers Associaorder that the farmer might be able tion entertained at a free dance in the

more fully to enjoy the labor of his Ladies'Gymnasium.

hands. For the first time in the history of

Ephraim Bergeson, president of the Farm Bureau banquets, a group of

Utah State Farm Bureau, made a plea farm folk served the dinner, when for tax reform. Timpanogos ward of Utah stake preOn Friday afternoon, the Junior pared and served a countrystyle

Farm Bureau and the 4H Clubs had chicken dinner with all the "trimcharge of the program under the supermin's"on Thursday evening in the vision of L. R. Humphries, D. R. Fourth ward amusement hall. More

Murray and Mrs. Rena B. Maycock. than 300 guests sat down to the rePresident Franklin Stewart Harris, past and were entertained between and

was the closing speaker of the Farm during courses by numbers furnished

Bureau Convention. In his talk he by various Farm Bureau organizations.

emphasized the need of study of what At the same hour, Brigham Young he called the Three University debaters were debating the T's—Tariff,

Transportation, and Taxes, declaring tax question with debaters representthat farmers must find a solution of ing the University of Utah before a these problems if they are to maintain splendid audience in College Hall.

The Uses of Courtship By JLinda S. Fletcher

Introspection and reflection! Alicia knew that John had had some disWarner felt that her thoughts had been heartening failures, due to drought,

going round in circles, without arrivgrasshoppers, and other troubles.

ing anywhere, long enough. No doubt Knowing that they could expect octhe best thing she could do would be casional good crops, however, did little

to accept Betty's invitation to spend to lighten Alicia's fears concerning a week or two at the dryfarm. how she would meet the trials and

Allan's letter frankly revealed how difficulties of the lean years which she eager he was to have her come out knew would come only too often.

there; and, perhaps, seeing him again What had the years of struggle done

and getting Betty's views on this marto the dainty, carefree Betty with riage question would enable her to whom she had grown up and who had decide just what she wanted to do. been her most intimate friend during

Of course there was her promise to their high school days together?

Allan Ware. For several years, there Alicia had seen but little of her former

had been a tacit understanding bechum for several years, as Betty had tween them that she would marry him decided to marry John, instead of when she had finished college; but going to college, and go with him to

was she capable of becoming the wife his farm. Was the girl she had known

who could make a success of marriage sorry that she had chosen such a hard under the circumstances involved? life?

Now that she was graduated and back That was what Alicia wondered home, confronted with the necessity of about herself: Would she be sorry

setting a definite date for the wedding she had chosen to set her feet in a (and Allan's letter made it plain it path so evidently bestrewn with could not take place too soon to suit thorns? She knew that Allan had

him), she wondered. Some of her acborrowed money for his college course

quaintances were failing dismally in and that he would have to buy exthe marital relation; and it seemed pensive machinery for his farm; so,

obvious that life on a dryfarm would even with an excellent start this year, be especially trying. and the best of breaks for several

For that was her destiny if she seasons to come, it would be some time married Allan. He was aglow, heart before they could expect to have things

and soul, with interest in scientific at all easy. Did she love Allan suffifarming; especially, now that, having she woman enough—to ciently—was

finished the course at the agricultural conquer, gloriously, the obstacles that college, he had been living on his drythreatened, or would she go down befarm for a year. He and John Akers. fore them? Wouldn't it be better for

Betty's husband, had been working her to avoid risking defeat, by taking their land together, pooling their reone of the several positions open to sources, with the result that they both her as a college graduate and waiting a had unusually fine crops and would, few years until Allan's financial posias Allan wrote enthusiastically, "make tion was more secure before she married a stake this year"if no unlookedfor him?

bad luck intervened. But Alicia shrank from such a deAlicia was ihappy about this good cision, for she did not wish Allan to

news, especially for Betty's sake, as she think of her as a coward. He had alMar., 1929402 IMPROVEMENT ERA

ways been wont to predict what a fine And Betty's smile, as she came to pal she would be. But what if she the door, had much the same quality,

should fail to live up to his ideal of though it failed to mask completely her? What if marriage to him should that she felt, though no doubt only

prove an unbearable burden? As for semiconsciously, both confusion and

she couldn't endure a defiance. She was expecting another divorce—well,

quitter. baby, which Alicia knew would make

"If I marry, I stay married and do the third in a little more than four my best to make a success of it,"had years. No doubt Betty's manner was

always been her declaration when girl defensive armor against any pitying friends had suggested flippantly that criticism that her former chum might "there is always divorce"should marexpress; but, though she did feel pity,

riage turn out badly. But if she were Alicia hid her commiseration successto marry and then feel even a secret fully under a casual air, and Betty

desire to escape her vows, she would was soon enabled to regain something consider that her failure was just as of her natural poise.

real as if she had secured a divorce. "Come right in here, Allie,"she in-

"I'll go to Betty's,"she decided. vited leading the way into the one

"She surely cared for John, and if her bedroom where a double bed and a love has endured through all the strugcot for the children offered repose gles they have had, I'm sure that I for the family. "John is going to

can meet the test."sleep with Allan over at his shack

Her mind thus.made up, she lifted while you are here. Allan takes his

Allan's picture from where she had meals with us, and you'll just have laid it, face downward, on her dresstime to get all fixed up before he and ing table and looked into his kindly, John come in for supper. I'll bring

eloquent, dark eyes. you some water."

"Do you know,"she whispered As Betty withdrew, Alicia thoughtsoftly, "when I am looking at you, I fully laid out a change of clothing, forget all about practical considerapondering the while how she must protions and just remember that I love ceed if she was to renew the confidenyou. But will I always do that?"tial relationship that had existed beThe drive to the dryfarms over the tween them a few short years ago.

bleak, dusty roads of southeastern First, her dress. It was all important

Idaho did nothing to arouse enthuthat it be no finer than the one Betty siasm in Alicia. Even the farstretch- had on. She replaced the green silk

ing acres of gold which undulated crepe she had chosen with a simple around her on every side, as she neared frock, a pink linen, and then turned her journey's end, made her eyes ache to open the door, in response to Betty's with its glittering brightness in the rap.

hot July sunshine. It seemed to blend There her friend stood, slightly

with the fine dust that settled upon stooping under the weight of two pails her as she rode along. of water.

At last the car drew up before a "Don't you dare wait on me like tiny cottage, and "Yellow, too!"she this,"scolded Alicia as she took the

exclaimed inwardly as it gleamed out water from her. "I didn't come out

at her so stark and new in its fresh here to make you more work."

coat of paint. Of course the color Betty wavered on the verge of makwas all right; but out here among the ing a frank admission and then out

grain and the dust, accentuated by the it came:

blazing sunshine, it gave one the feel- "I'm surely glad to have you here, ing of brightness overdone, striving Allie, but I'm so afraid you'll find pitifully to hide distress. things awfully inconvenient. You're

Mar., 1929 USES OF COURTSHIP 403

used to much nicer places, of course."while I make myself useful. You

Alicia faced her squarely. must let me show Allan that I'm not

"Now, Betty, you know my home entirely useless."

is no better than the one you knew as "There they come,"Betty said, as a girl, and surely I can make myself a "hello"sounded from the fields, and comfortable under the conditions here. she went to the door.

If I can't, I'm no fit wife for Allan Alicia followed her and could make for our home will be no better than out the dusty, khakiclad figures of this, if as nice."the two men approaching through the

"Well, I didn't exactly mean that,"grain, each carrying a tiny, sunhatted

Betty answered, and the last vestige of figure astride his neck.

defiance disappeared, "but I haven't "Dorothy is just as happy with seen you for so long, and it does seem Allan as with John,"smiled Betty as that things are rather primitive. But they watched, "but the baby always

you just.make yourself at home and chooses her daddy. Well, Allan is

forget everything except that we are more anxious than usual,"she added, glad to have you here and that you'll as his tall, slender figure came on, apsoon be with Allan. Hurry along proaching the house with long, eager

now and I'll finish setting the table. strides.

There's the tub,"and she pointed to "You'd better hurry,"Betty teased a tin one in the corner. as he drew nearer, and Alicia felt a

After she had bathed and dressed, wave of pure joy engulf her as she

Alicia brushed the deep waves of her raised her hand in answer to his waved blonde bobbed locks closer to her small greeting.

head and thought of Betty, as she surBetty made way for him, laughingveyed the effect of her arrangement in ly, as he came avidly on, sliding the mirror of the shabby dresser, Dorothy to the ground and enfolding

Betty, whose once delectably dressed Alicia in what she breathlessly declared hair now looked so lifeless and stringy. to be a "bear hug."

"She has so much to do,"excused "Why, Allan,"she laughed someAlicia. "I must get her to let me give what protestingly, "you're scratching

her a wave. My knowledge of beauty me all up."

culture will come in handy when I am Allan ruefully passed his hand over marooned out here."The thought his stubbly, sweatgrimed face.

, 'brush,''hestartled her. "Marooned?"She mustn't "I'm surely in the

look at it that way. laughed, "but you'll have to get used

Betty had set the table in the living to that, honey. Farmers don't have

room and was hurrying around in the time to shave every day. John doesn't,"

hot kitchen when Alicia came out. The Betty's husband took her hand in—as

latter remembered that she had seen a tight grip and grinned at her fromnothing of the children. a mass of dark stubble—"and Betty

"Where do you keep the kiddies?"doesn't scold."

she asked. "Which is not saying that she

"The boys took them out to the shouldn't, perhaps,"retorted Betty, field with them this afternoon,"Betty holding out the baby she had taken told her. "They like to be with their from her husband's arms toward Alicia

father and Allan and it's a help to me without a word but with a proud look to have them amused when I'm busy."in her eyes that seemed to ask Alicia if

She spoke breathlessly, working the the child were not vindication enough potato masher at the same time. for the frequent appearance of babies

Alicia went over and took the tool in that home.

from her. "What a little darling,"Alicia

"Sit down now and rest a minute praised sincerely, for Ruthie, with her

Mar., 19Z9404 IMPROVEMENT ERA

tangle of curls and smiling, cherub claimed softly. "O girl of girls, when?

face, certainly merited the appellation. You're not going to make me wait

"And I like Dorothy, too,"she much longer, are you?"

went on, as the other little girl came But Alicia only patted his hand;

toward her with frank friendliness. she didn't know why, but she felt

"Doro is my little girl, so of course perverse; and, with a half sigh, he

you must like her,"explained Allan. again changed the subject.

"And she's a dandy!"When Alicia went in, she found that "Are you Mr. Allan's girl, too?"Betty and the babies were in bed and

questioned the child gravely, as Alicia that John had already gone to Allan's held her hand. shack. Betty was awake, but their "You bet,"Allan affirmed, as Alicia conversation was desultory, as Aliciasmiled. "And she's going to come out disrobed.her and live with me in my shanty

right away. Won't that be fine!"Betty kept tossing restlessly and told

And looking at him, Alicia wonAlicia, as the latter turned back the covers on her side of the bed:dered how she could ever have doubted

I won't keep you awake.that it would be fine to do just that. "I do hope

it seems After supper was over and Allan I am very restless at night, for lie, I can findhad gotten "out of the brush,"as he that no matter how I expressed it, Alicia and he walked out comfort in that position for only a few it weren't so hotthrough the grain, the glitter of which minutes. I do wish

that threshing time weren'twas now dimmed to a faint, cheery—and

glow in the moonlight. Allan was coming."She paused for a time and

enthusiastic about the crops. then burst out, a sob in her voice: "O

in my inmost "It means we will have to wait only Alicia, I think I know until you say the word, Allie,"he soul that things are all right, but some-

I get so blue! I forget all thetold her. "I can clear up all my times

debts and buy the machinery I need blessings I have and life just looks with the proceeds from this. That black and hopeless and nothing seems

I can't complain towill give us a good start for next worth while!

is doing all he can, butsummer, and then another year we can John for he build a real house."I have passed through so much."She

And they chatted on, he doing most paused again, and then resumed in a

I wouldn't beof the talking, and optimistic indeed calmer tone: "I'm sure

if I didn'twere his predictions. Alicia could not talking like this to you

help wondering to herself why he know that you contemplate doing just seemed to have no expectation of failas I have done, but I feel that you ure when failures always seemed to ought to have some idea about what outnumber the successful crops in this you may have to endure before you dryfarm country. decide definitely."

As they turned back, Allan glanced She paused and Alicia encouraged at his watch in the moonlight. gravely: "I hope you will tell me all,

"Well, it's nearly ten;o'clock,"he for if I am going to marry, I want to

told her. "We get up at five out here, feel sure that I shall be able to face

so we'll have to be getting some sleep."and bear everything I must. It has

Alicia felt a twinge of resentment worried me, Betty. I love Allan and

that he should be so practical as to when I am with him, I am certain that think of the time when with her, but everything will be all right. When Ishe forgot it when he took her in his am alone. I—wonder—

arms to say goodnight. Betty went on: "When I married

"And to think that you'll soon be John, I had no idea what this kind of coming to be with me always!"he exlife would be like. It has been very

War., 1929 USES OF COURTSHIP 405

hard, cut off, as I have been, from all might determine her fitness to cope my friends, with the days just one long with such obstacles.

task and me ill so much, too, with the And then suddenly there came to children coming so fast. Then we her a solution, so clearcut, so well

have hoped in vain so often that hope adapted to her purpose, that it seemed seems isomehow crushed. Even with as if some particular providence had

a good crop so nearly ready to harvest engaged itself in her behalf at this now, I keep worrying for fear someimportant moment in her life. She

thing will happen, as it has happened fell asleep, resolved to execute the plan so often before just when we thought so opportunely presented.

all was safe."She paused again, The next morning when the men

thoughtfully, and then burst out: had gone to their plowing and she and

"I'm sure I should be more resigned Betty were washing up the breakfast to things, now, however, if I hadn't dishes, the latter's tremulous: "I hope

had a letter from mother yesterday you won't think me too much of a suggesting that I come and spend the weakling, after last night,"gave her remainder of the time before I go to a chance to tell Betty about it.

the hospital with her. But you know "On the contrary,"she began, "I

mother works in the library, so I think that you are much more of a couldn't take the children, and threshheroine than anyone realizes. I must

ing time is near. Oh, it's just imknow if I can do as well before I make

possible, of course. It would cost more up my mind to marry, and I want you

than we can afford to hire anyone to to help me by going to your mother's, come here and stay, even if I knew of as she wishes, and leaving me in charge

Ianyone I could get with whom I here; I know (you won't worry, if

would trust the children. But when am with the children. The change

I think of my old adorable room at and rest will help you regain your the coolness, the quietness poise, and I shall have just the ophome—of

I'm just not myself, that's portunity I need for testing myself.—well,

all. I feel like a condemned soul in Say you won't refuse to help me."

hades with heaven in sight but beyond Betty had been watching her with his grasp. I haven't told John about eyes that got rounder and rounder as

what mother wrote, for he would just the plan was unfolded.

grieve because there is no chance for "But it wouldn't be fair to you!"

me to go to her."A sob escaped her. Betty now burst out, but her eyes held

"I know I could be braver, if I were a wistful longing, as she thought of wholly myself. I hope you won't what it would mean to her to escape

think I am too much of a complainer. for just a little while to the repose

day. But I just had "You must help me, Betty,"Aliciabrighter—someI know, after all, that things will be of her girlhood home.

to tell someone."insisted with such earnest seriousness

Alicia found no words to express that Betty finally consented to the her sympathy, but she pressed Betty's plan.

hand with emotion; and, for a long John was overjoyed at the chance

time after her friend's nervous turning for Betty to have a rest and a change;

had ceased she lay awake, thinking. Her Allan was happy but somewhat mystiproblem now seemed more difficult of fied about the plan, while Betty, after

solution than ever; for, after making Alicia had overcome her scruples at

all allowances for Betty's overleaving so much of her work to anwrought condition, the life she had other, was in an ecstasy of delight.

pictured would call for no small A few days of hectic preparation amount of courage. Alicia wished and Betty was off, leaving Alicia,

that there were some test whereby she "Queen of the Realm,"as Allan exMar., 1929406 IMPROVEMENT ERA

pressed it. John, recovering some of sisted, declaring that if she was a farmhis oldtime jovialness, called her the er's wife, she must take all the trim-

"Genie, giver of wishes."mings. These forced caresses always

Alicia brought to her task a deterannoyed Alicia, and she asked herself mination to make a success of it, or, if things of this kind wouldn't do if she failed, freely to acknowledge much to rub the bloom of charm from that she was not big enough for such companionship. She was forced to

a job. admit that she thought they would.

And she soon found that it did deBut in spite (of vexations, evening mand courage to meet the endless dealways brought a small measure of mands of each day. Some of her work elation to Alicia when she could

became distressingly hard, after the honestly say to herself that she had first few days of novelty wore off. She successfully coped with the problems

wore blisters on her soft, wellkept of the day; and she labored to gain

hands, handling the ax and the windthis satisfaction, finding that it was lass at the well and lugging in countsweeter than any she had before exless buckets of water. Perhaps the perienced.

men thought they kept her supplied, And thus the days, with their measbut the wood and water they brought ure of discontent and compensation, in before going to their work in the their varied array of petty and trying fields, where they were busy clearing tasks provocative of changing moods, and plowing more land, always passed quickly, as full days always do, proved inadequate. Alicia felt a resentand threshing time was at hand.

ful feeling developing within her, a John had planned to spend a few feeling that they didn't care. Washdays in town, hiring the harvest hands,

days were especially hard on her good who would soon begin to drift into nature. Betty's washing machine was that part of the country, when an

of an antiquated type and the men's urgent message from Betty's mother clothing was so smelly and sweatbe- summoned him prematurely to his grimed! The unpainted pine floors of wife's bedside.

the little house required constant scrub- "I'll get back as soon as I can,"bing to keep them fresh and white, he told Allan anxiously as he made and that task proved especially trying preparations for a hasty departure. "I

also to the girl's unaccustomed muscles. surely hate to leave everything to you

Her carefully waved hair became as when you haven't had much expestringy as Betty's over the endless suds rience with our haryesting problems.

and moppails, her white hands beOf course that new harvester and came red and rough, while her nails thresher will simplify things. Pete

took on a broken and illkempt apJackson will be along tomorrow afterpearance that irked her sorely. noon. He's going to bring back our

But most of all, she found the dusty, supplies and the hands we hire, in his unshaved faces of the two tired men, truck."

hard to endure with equanimity, espe- "Now just remember that Alicia cially when she knew that she didn't and I are on the job, and don't worry look her best and was, like them, too about things here at home,"Allan told tired to exert herself more in order to him. "We're going to see that everykeep entirely wellgroomed. Neverthething comes out all right, you bet!"

less, she couldn't help excusing herself, His confident reassurance cheered even when she was most critical toJohn, who soon afterward started on ward them. his journey to Betty's side without the

She put Allan off when he tried to added burden of worrying over things kiss her, saying that she didn't need at home.

any more scratches; but he always perThat evening, Allan lingered on

Mar.. 1929 USES OF COURTSHIP 407

after supper, wiping the dishes and to marcel her hair before breakfast, she watching Alicia tenderly as she got planned, wear her most attractive the children ready for bed. The girl frock, and do everything in her powfelt very selfconscious under that ader to keep "their day"as ideal as posmiring gaze, for she knew that her hair sible.

was not looking particularly good nor Along about three o'clock, however, was her frock entirely unsoiled. It did Ruthie woke her, calling for a drink.

seem as if she would never become acAlicia had a hard time getting back to customed to keeping spotless while dosleep at that hour and, consequently, ing housework. overslept.

She was still embarrassed when she After dressing hurriedly that she finally took both children into her might have Allan's breakfast ready at arms for their bedtime story, but the usual time, Alicia went into the

Allan's lingering glances only became kitchen to find that he had neglected more appreciative. to bring in kindlings and wood the

"That's a pretty fine Madonna night before.

group,"he praised ardently. "I alTry as she would, she could not

ways wish I were a painter when I see help, feeling resentful that she must do anything beautiful. But then, I am this extra task, which was really hard

an artist, in a way. I engrave such for her, and this was only augmentedscenes in my memory."by the fact that she must also draw

Alicia flushed at the praise. and carry in water.

"But, Allan, I look anything but

The inauspicious beginning seemedbeautiful with my hair all disheveled to carry on all through the day. Alicia,like this,"she remonstrated. "Don't

proudly determined not to remindyou think, rather, that I look a 'sight'

Allan to do the chores that were cruellyof the other kind?"

"You always look lovely to me,"difficult for her, if he did not think enough of her to do them withoutAllan responded, softly.

being asked, had plenty of chances to Alicia's flush deepened as she thought nurse her grievances.rather guiltily how often of late she

all ofhad looked at him and, instead of Not only did Allan leave her seeing the nobility expressed by his the water to carry and the wood to, but hebroad, white forehead, from which the cut (and this was washday) auburn hair waved thickly back, or also came in late for lunch; and this

the intelligence and strength indicated after Alicia, deciding that she must not by his finely cut mouth and chin, had blame him for forgetting to do chores been repelled by the grime of toil on that John had always done after a his clothes and the reddish stubble on fashion, had shown her forebearance his moist, tanned face. by preparing a somewhat elaborate reNow, however, she realized that a past. As she saw the dainty food she

love like Allan's could transcend the had cooked so carefully become unseeming unloveliness of outward appalatable as the time dragged on, howpearances, and she felt a little glow of ever, Alicia became more and more anathappiness in the knowledge that his noyed until, when Allan came in affection would never fail her. last, she was coldly brusque.

She resolved that she would carry He cheerfully ignored her stony this glow over into the next day, most glances and brief replies to his conof which they would have together, versational attempts and drew up a and which would so truly give them chair to the table, eagerly.

a foretaste of many of the conditions "This is just a foretaste of the of married life. happy days to come,"he told her, as

She would rise early and take time he ate with relish, his eyes following

Mar.. I9t4408 IMPROVEMENT ERA

her as she moved about. Then he beshe was too proud to go to him and

came wistfully serious: tell him of her regret. Then, too, she

"Allie, do you realize that you have told herself, it was just as well to disnever yet told me when you will marry cipline him thoroughly while she was me?"about it.

The girl gave way to a desire to Looking out again, she saw Allan hurt. rest the rifle against the woodpile and

"If this is a sample of the kind of go into the toolshed just beyond. He

husband you are going to be,"she came back almost at once with a ramresponded coldly, "I'm afraid that I rod in his hands. As he raised the

am not anxious to marry you."rifle, she was terror stricken to see the

Her heart smote her as she noted trigger catch against a projecting knot.

how white his face grew under her Her scream rang out almost simultancruel taunt. He seemed unable to eously with the report of the gun. She

speak for a few minutes and then flew to the door just in time to see words came, despairingly humble: Allan fall heavily among the chips

"I am a pretty poor specimen,"he and bark.

confessed, as he looked from waterAs she saw him lying there so helpbucket, full under the bench, to the less, Alicia realized, once and for allheapedup box of wood. "Why time, how unutterably dear he was todidn't you remind me? I just forgot. her and knew that, if he should moveIt was inexcusable when you have been no more, all that made life beautiful

so fine and capable and have had to for her was gone. With a chokingwork so hard. But I didn't mean to sob of agony, she bent over his prosbe so thoughtless. Can't you forgive trate form. The bullet had plowed

me this once for forgetting to do my its way through Allan's scalp, and alpart?"ready a dark stream was matting his

"If you can forget now,"she told thick hair.

him stonily, "I am sure that I could In a daze of terror, she workedlook forward only to a repetition of frantically over the loved, helplesssuch neglect. I'm afraid I should not

figure, bringing linen and iodine, waterwish to attempt to live a life that and scissors, cutting away the thickpromises so many disappointments."

locks, cleansing and binding up the She turned away and went into the wound. She then attempted to reviveother room, ostensibly for the purpose

Allan, but her efforts to do so metof doing something for the children, who were playing there. with no success.

By and by, she heard him go out; She could not leave him out here

flies, she told herself;and. when she went back into the in the dust and

kitchen, she saw that he had left his but her most determined endeavors dinner unfinished. Soon afterward, failed to move the heavy, inert weight

she heard the steady bite of the ax at of his body. Still, sobbing inarticulate

the woodpile, and a great mound of prayers, she struggled on, for she must stovelengths greeted her furtive peektry to do something.

ing when at last the sound ceased. In her frantic concentration, she

Very shortly afterward, Allan came failed to notice that the children had up from his shack with his rifle, and come to the kitchen door and were she saw him working over it in the watching her vain efforts in wideeyed back yard. He had spoken of shooting silence, a look of fear on each little

some coyotes. face, until they began a frightened

As she continued to watch him, wailing. This sound calmed her a

Alicia felt sorry she had spoken so little, for it made her realize how useharshly and been so unforgiving; but lessly she was expending her strength,

Mar.. 1929 USES OF COURTSHIP 409

when she ought to be considering what After completing his examination, he she could do. turned to her.

Almost at once she remembered "I'm going to be frank with you, what John had said about Pete JackMiss Warner,"he told her. "That's

son. She must watch for him and a pretty nasty wound. I shouldn't be

have him get help for her. surprised to find a slight fracture, upon

She brought a pillow and some netcloser examination, for the bullet has ting and, after covering Allan from plowed along very close to the skull.

the flies, took up her station in the The best thing to do would be to rig front yard. Shortly Jackson came up the back seat of the auto and take

bumping along in his big truck and him to town where I could have him heard her story with many exclamaunder the eye of an expert nurse and tions of sympathy and commiseration, be able to watch him carefully myaiding her the while to move Allan's self."

still unconscious body into the house. It was an agonizing moment for

"Seems like he must have got an Alicia. She felt that she just couldn't

uncommon bad shock to be knocked let the doctor take Allan away where out like this,"he remarked, looking she could not watch over him. But

down at Allan. "The best thing I duty demanded that she stay and take

can do is to get the doctor here right care of the babies and the harvest. Near

pronto. Doctor Hyde will bring to breaking under the strain, she strove

him round all right, don't you worry, to keep her voice steady.

Miss Warner. He's a great hand in "Of course you must do for him

such cases."whatever you think best, but"—her

"But whatever can I do about the voice broke, "but, O doctor, you will harvest hands? I just can't send for let me know, whenever you can how

John unless I must, for Betty needs you you? Do—how—he is—won't?"him so badly. And I can't leave the think—he—will be—all right—

babies to do anything myself. You "I'm sure I can pull him through,"

don't know of anyone I could get to Doctor Hyde made his tones heartily supervise things here, do you, Mr. reassuring when he saw how it was

Jackson? So much depends on this with the girl, "and I'll see that you

harvest!"are kept informed about his condition

"I know, I know,"agreed Peter just as often as possible."

earnestly. "You just leave it to me. The following days were a night-

I'll bring out your hands; and I bemare of conglomerate emotions for

lieve I can get Jake Morgan to come Alicia. No time now for selfpity,

out and help you take charge. He's even if she had not at last completely

working in town now, but he knows risen above that in the need of others farming and I believe I can get him to for her. She forgot petty things as

come out for the harvest, seeing how she struggled on through the long, badly some one is needed here."weary days, sustained in her tasks by

"I can't tell you how grateful I the comforting thoughts that SHE am for your kindness,"Alicia told him WAS ADEQUATE, she was strong brokenly. enough to do anything for those she

"Sho, what's a little thing like that loved.

between neighbors,"Pete replied cheerThough the things she had to do, ily. "Just you quit worrying, Miss now taking a hand at the harvest in

Warner."the stifling, dustladen air (for the

But Doctor Hyde, when he came, abundant crops throughout the section did not seem so optimistic. Alicia had made it necessary for all of the

could not help noticing that he worked farmers to get in their crops with over Allan with a very grave face. scarcely sufficient help); now bending

War.. 1929410 IMPROVEMENT ERA

over the hot stove that the hungry to decide that it was time for him to hands might he well fed; then again hurry and get well."

amusing and keeping the babies happy, This one more day, planned the while all the time her heart ached with girl, and then, the treasure of grain worry over Allan, whose condition safely harvested, she would take the showed but slight improvement; and children and ride into town with Pete

of these fatiguing tasks, hands back on the morrow.praying,-—allthrough it all, watching, waiting, Jackson when he took the harvest

which made her body ache for very And now, her noon meal ready, forweariness until she could scarcely sleep getting such trifles as tousled backhair at night, could not quench the souland a somewhat mussed frock, Alicia joy she knew in the glory of the hurried out to call the men.

struggle! "Well, Miss Warner, how does that

Where now was her fear of the fulook to you?"asked bigshouldered

ture? Swallowed up in the sustaining Jake Morgan, pointing to the great

knowledge that the God who gives the pile of sacked grain.

burdens for our testing also gives the "Real bags of gold!"agreed Alicia,

strength to endure, if we do not sidehappily. "Everything has turned out

step the trial. so well, thanks to you and Pete Jackson and Doctor Hyde, and—And as always, after the darkness, "And of course no gratitude is duecame the serene, soothing amber of the

a certain game young lady,"teased morning.

Morgan, as they walked on toward

Alicia never forgot the shakily writthe house.

ten missive which came to her one day "Not very much,"smiled the girl, from who again had Betty,—Betty "for my recompense has been more fought for, and won, the privilege of than adequate. You see, I have learned

adding to her stature by welcoming a an invaluable lesson during these past new soul into this world of opporhectic days."

her that it was tunity,—assuring "And that is?"questioned Morgan.

worth it all. "In the face of the big "That there is joy in a struggle and

realities like Life and Death,"wrote nothing to fear, if one does one's

Betty, "the little cares that fret one fade best!"Alicia told him.

to their true significance."But who was this that came forAlicia thanked God that she, too, ward to meet her as she opened the

had learned that truth, and that she kitchen door?

now knew that her love for Allan Someone with a pale, pale face and would burn steadily on even though a somewhat unsteady gait, but a sometrials and troubles were bound to come one whose dark eyes glowed more eloalong the way of life. quently than ever before held out his

And at last the time had come when arms to her and Alicia went into them one more day of struggle would comand was clasped close to a hungry plete the harvest. heart. Then she turned tremulously

Alicia was feeling excessively jubi- "Men, I hope you will all plan to lant, for a note had just arrived from come to our wedding."

the doctor, telling her that Allan "When?"Allan's eyes searched hers

would soon be strong enough to come eagerly.

back to her. "Well,"Alicia fought to keep down

"That letter you sent him must the lump in her throat that threatened have turned the trick,"she read, "for to keep her from speaking, "I had as soon as Ware received it, he seemed decided to go to town—tomorrow—

Messages from the Missions The SwissGerman Mission By President Fred Tadje

[President Tadje returned to Utah, with his family, in the closing days of 1926, after more than three and a half years of missionary work. He presided over the SwissGerman

mission until it was divided in 1925, then presided over the GermanAustrian mission. After

fifteen months at home he was again called to his old field as president.—Editors.]

The SwissGerman mission comgreat number of honest souls have beprises the western part of Germany, lieved and affiliated themselves with the

AlsaceLorraine and that part of Church in the manner prescribed by the

Switzerland where the German lanLord. This is especially true since the

guage predominates. The dividing line close of the great world war when

begins just east of Rostock on the shore freedom, to preach the Gospel, was of the Baltic Sea, runs west of granted our missionaries laboring in

Guestrow and Erfurt to the south, Germany. From the moment the Gosthen curves below Hof to the Germanpel was first introduced in that counCzechoslovakian frontier. There are try to the time of the outbreak of the

1 6 districts in this mission, with 74 war, in 1914, our representatives enbranches, a number of new fields and countered many obstacles. Through

a membership of nearly 6,000 souls. the constant opposition experienced by

The glad message of the restored elders and members alike during that

Gospel has been proclaimed with conlong period, missionary work was rensiderable success to these Germandered extremely difficult. Many misspeaking peoples for many years. A sionaries were banished and a number

.# <j* W

: -:"- JT "**f:::- ".TW

| PRESIDENT FRED TADJE AND SISTER\ELIZA W. TADJE

Mar., 1929412 IMPROVEMENT ERA

were imprisoned. However, through growth of the auxiliary organizations

the blessings of heaven, great changes of the mission and the significant part were wrought which makes it possible they play in allaying prejudice and now that all, who will, may hear and winning friends for the Church. The

accept the divine word. The very reaccomplishments of these organizamarkable progress made in this field, tions are a revelation to the thinking

especially during the last decade, class not of our faith. Little did they

demonstrates how richly the blood of think that "Mormons,"everywhere

Joseph is represented among the Germaligned for so many years, had such manspeaking peoples. As a whole, effective means for the training of

those of this race who have covenanted young and old in the weightier things with the Lord rank among the most of life. That these auxiliaries, notably

faithful in the Church. Of their the Mutual Improvement Association

loyalty, integrity and hospitality one and Sunday Schools, might become a can only speak in the highest terms. still more potent factor in our missionIt is a rare privilege to labor among ary work and capable of accomplishthem as an ambassador of the truth. ing even greater things, and in order

The record the missionaries have that the highest attainment of efficiency been able to make is most gratifying. might be reached, it was held necessary

In the distribution of literature and to appoint a superintendent who general accomplishments the year 1927 would devote his whole time in the was a most successful one. The acinterest of these organizations. Durtivity report for last year discloses the ing the year 1927, considerable atfact that 1119 Books of Mormon, tention was given to the Mutual Im2045 other standard Church works provement Association. The Boy

and 905,302 tracts were distributed. Scout movement, which had its earliest

There were 303 persons who made beginning in this mission with the sacred covenants with the Lord organization of the Mutual Improvethrough baptism. The records further ment Association four years ago, reindicate that the elders had 111,618 ceived new life during 1926. In

Gospel conversations and held 19,889 January of this same year, through the meetings. untiring efforts of Sarah R. Cannon,

In addition to this splendid work, the BeeHive work for the girls was there was organized at Cologne, introduced in this mission. It required

under the leadership of President much preparatory work in translating

Hugh J. Cannon, in the month of the English BeeHive books into GerJanuary, a missionary school for the man and in organizing the work to the

benefit of our new elders. The puradaptation of the conditions in these

pose of this institution is to instruct lands. Through the institution of this

the new elder in the correct study of activity, much good has already been the German language, and in practical accomplished and the possibilities for and effective ways of tracting and of the future are very promising. In this

general missionary work, under the field the Boy Scouts and BeeHive Girls careful supervision of devoted and enare well established divisions of this thusiastic elders. The plan is to have great organization.

them attend this school for from four The success of the Sunday Schools to six weeks, after which they are asprior to 1924, in these lands was so signed to a field of labor. It is obvious great that it became necessary to pubthat the brethren with this training are lish a periodical dealing exclusively

better prepared for missionary work in with Sunday School problems. Our

every way than they would otherwise object was, above all, to systematize be. and to promote the Sunday School

It is very interesting to note the work in this mission. However, after

Mar., 1929 MESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS 413

HEADQUARTERS OF SWISSGERMAN MISSION. BASEL, SWITZERLAND

this magazine had been published for tions"were instituted. Competent leadabout two years it became apparent ers took charge of the different departthat the other organizations needed ments, where the general purpose, the

similar instructions and attention. To aim and the proper functioning of

meet this situation, it was decided in these organizations were emphasized.

the fall of 1926 to discontinue the It is a generally accepted fact that publishing of the Sunday School organ the success of an organization depends and issue quarterly, beginning January very largely upon the competency and 1, 1927, a magazine which would adaptability of its leaders. That our

contain the outlines for all auxiliary elders who become, by virtue of their ments for BeeHive Girls, Boy Scouts, calling, the actual leaders of every organizations, with special departmovement and organization in the

Priesthood quorums, teachertraining mission, might be able to perform their class and local tracting societies. This task of carrying this message of the

undertaking appears somewhat extreme restored Gospel to their fellowmen to some. We believe, however, in the with more telling effect and also be in

possibilities of its future development a position to direct the affairs of the and in the success of its Church in the field of labor assigned mission—better

organization, better officers and teachto them more successfully, it was deers, better boys and girls, better men cided to hold a convention of the presand women and better parents. idents of districts, who are the leaders

That the officers and teachers who of leaders, and discuss with them are directly responsible for the success topics vital to the mission. This conof the auxiliary organization and vention was held in July, 1926, in the

Priesthood quorums might perform Mission Home at Basel, under the ditheir tasks more intelligently and meet rection of President Hugh J. Cannon.

with greater results, "District ConvenSome of the points under consideraMar.. 1929414 IMPROVEMENT ERA

tion were: the new missionary and concluded that finally his opportunity

how best to develop him; tracting; had come to learn the truth about the

cottage meetings; use of the organizamatter of maintaining the elders under

tions as missionary factors; country our missionary system, for he was conwork; some practical ways of decreasvinced his own countrymen would not

ing expenses; conditions which conhide the facts from him. On a suittribute to misconduct among missionable occasion he ventured to make inaries; how to reduce gossiping in quiry of the two German brethren into

branches; organization of deacons the matter of material wage or requorums; drilling in making reports ward for their services. But, oh, what

and other important matters relating to a shock, when he was informed again missionary work. that the Church had really no payroll

None of the young men of the for missionaries. This phase of the

world today, regardless of how high great latterday work he was utterly their station in life may be, occupy a at a loss to understand. And it is

more enviable position than do the really no wonder, for the world will missionaries of this Church who are never comprehend fully the secret of giving of their time and means in a this remarkable practice. Not until

selfsacrificing way to call the nations they enter in at the straight gate and of the world to repentance. Our become worthy recipients of the witmissionary system is a source of wonness of all truth through the imposider to the outside world; they cannot tion of hands, by those who have

understand that in this practical age, authority, will they know to some exmen will give up positions and leave tent the worth the Lord places upon a homes and loved ones and with no masoul; and without this knowledge, this

terial remuneration render service for most effective system will still remain a cause wholly benevolent in character. a puzzle.

Only a few years ago this mission had To the young men of our Church an experience with a clergyman which who have not as yet availed themselves was both interesting and pathetic. By of the opportunity to bring unspeakall appearance this good man had beable joy into the lives of their fellows,

come a sincere investigator. He maniby teaching them the true way to everfested signs of conversion to every lasting life, I commend for their perusal

principle of the Gospel with one exthe revelation recorded in the 15 th ception: he lacked faith to obey. section of the Doctrine and Covenants:

Covenanting with the Lord through * * * "For many times you have baptism, and giving up his pulpit, desired of me to know that which made the possibility of earning a livewould be of most worth unto you.

lihood look somewhat uncertain to Behold blessed are you for this thing him. No doubt fear came upon him and for speaking my words which I

lest he should become a pauper. By have given unto you according to my

associating freely with our elders, and commandments.

he was so close to them that at one of "And now, behold, I say unto you our conferences he took his seat with that the thing which will be of the the missionaries on the stand, he most worth unto you will be to delearned the facts about our missionary clare repentance unto this people that system first hand. After months of you may bring souls unto me, that

investigation he decided to visit the you may rest with them in the kingmission office for the purpose of indom of my father."

quiring further into the tenets of the God grant that the Latterday

Gospel. At this time, two local misSaints may continue to consecrate their

sionaries were working in our publicalives to the great task of proclaiming tion department. In meeting them, he to the world the principles of the everMar., 1929 MESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS 415

lasting Gospel as they have been rerevelation, create an earnest desire in vealed anew from the heavens in this the hearts of the young men of this dispensation for the temporal and eterChurch to be messengers of Jesus nal salvation of the children of men. Christ, to go forth to convey to a disMay the word of the Lord, declared tracted world this glorious message of

to John Whitmer in the foregoing peace.

Basel, Switzerland.

First Picture from the New Eastcentral States Mission

The following report is sent to the Jones of the new Eastcentral States

Era by Elder E. W. Bosgieter: mission were in attendance and delivHerewith is a group picture of the ered inspiring and instructive addresses.

missionaries of the Virginia district The conference was held in Richmond of the Eastcentral States mission. and was probably the largest ever held

The picture was taken at the time in that district. A wonderful spirit

of the Virginia district conference, prevailed and the people were spirituNovember 24 and 25, 1928. Apostle ally refreshed.

Stephen L. Richards and wife, PresThe work of the Lord is making exident Chas. A. Callis of the Southern cellent progress in the Virginia district

States mission, and President Miles L. and the future is bright for further

/ / m B //: f\ rM%

": w t. J t- % 1 1 *. r i rt'V l

IfII*:*

m * b %m *> i if?T IBjWW'-'"*"

Virginia District in the Newly Organized Eastcentral States Mission

Front row, left to right: Eugene Beckstead, Helen Thomas, Grace Mickelsen. Sister Richards. Elder

Stephen L. Richards, of the Council of the Twelve; President Chas. A. Callis of the Southern States

mission; President Miles L. Jones of the new Eastcentral States mission; District President Wm.

Guy Lund. P. O. Buttars. Middle row: M. O. Evans, D. O. Wright, Wm. S. Holt. LaVell Horrocks.

M. C. Luke, James Fannin. Frank Epperson, Lavon Stallings, M. C. Ellis. Back row: C. W. Austin.

Robt. Horrocks. R. B. Greenhalgh. S. M. Reeder. CJaud Ashton, Wm. Behle. Jr., Wm. C. Nelson.

Darrell Goodrich. Wickley Gubler.

Mar., 1929416 IMPROVEMENT ERA

development. The Richmond branch The missionaries find the Era most

especially is enjoying a vigorous interesting and helpful. Recent issues

growth. A number of people have particularly have been full of very usebeen added to the branch by baptism ful information.

in recent weeks.

The Samoan Mission By President Willard L. Smith

"Samoa? Where is it? To what people, and missionary work not only

nationality do its people belong? Do becomes a pleasure but is soon viewed

any Europeans live there? Are the as a sacred privilege.

natives a savage Samoa lies or a civilized south of the equarace?"tor some 14 deThese are only g r e e s and 173

a few of the degrees west conflicting queries longitude. It is

which arise in the reached after a mind of the man thirteen - d a y s'who is startled journey from San by receiving his Francisco. This

appointment t o allows one day in labor as a misHonolulu.

sionary in Samoa, The Samoan "The Paradise of or Navigator the P a c i f i c."Islands enjoy perThese questions petual summer.

may be due to the The highest therfact that prior to mometer - reading this call he has during the last 30 really heard very years was 94 F.,

little about the and the lowest islands or it may was 61 F. The

be due to the climate varies but many conflicting little from year to stories which year, with an have been screenaverage temperaed, written and ture of 78.4 F.,

told about this at sea level. The

land and its peotwo seasons are ple. Some learn marked only by

all about Samoa President w. L. Smith the one enjoying

rainfall during the two more or three days that their vessel is in than the other. The rainfall averages

port; with others it requires a month, around 125 inches per year. The

while the old residents say with them greatest precipitation is from Decemit has been a life's study. The misber to the beginning of April, during

sionary, however, in the face of these these months it rains almost daily.

many conflicting statements, finds soon This is also the hottest part of the after his arrival that conditions are year, but the air is cooled constantly superior to his anticipations. His work by the rain. Except in those regions

brings him into direct contact with the where the outflow of lava is too recent.

Mar., 1929 MESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS 417

the whole of the group of islands is when the present writer, accompanied clothed in dense forest, and presents to by his wife and child, was called by the traveler, as he approaches the land, the First Presidency to organize it into a most inspiring sight. The natural a separate mission. Since that time the

beauty of the PagoPago harbor is one work among the Tongans has made a of the most unique in the world. The wonderful growth.

inspiration one receives upon entering The nature of missionary work rethis harbor, in the early dawn, bound quired here is somewhat different from on the three sides by high mountains that done in most missions of the covered with dense foliage, is not soon Church. Almost from the beginning,

to be forgotten. It is especially imour elders have accomplished much

pressive to one who has been thirteen good among these people through our days on the water and has seen land schools. We still carry on largely in

but once during the voyage. the same way as formerly, though

The natives form the greater part most of the schools are now taught by of the population. They belong to the native Priesthood. We still mainthe Polynesian race, so widely spread tain several central schools with an

throughout the Pacific. The Samoan elder in charge. Our native Priestis perhaps the purest surviving type of hood, especially the capable young

Polynesian. In character he is mild, men, accept this work as a mission and

friendly, hospitable and easily conlabor without remuneration. Some

trolled by those who gain his respect, have served in this capacity for years but a very difficult problem is presented and are still doing so. Thus we have

to those whom he does not trust. No the greater part of our Priesthood

missionary can succeed with this people either laboring as branch presidents or unless he can command their respect teaching school.

and confidence. Once you obtain the The mission is divided into three

good will of the Samoan, he can not districts, each of the three main islands do enough for you. The present genforming one district. At the begineration is departing somewhat from ning of 1928, our membership, accordthese good qualities, owing to the fact ing to mission records, was 4061. We

that former ideas are being changed have a total of 34 branches in the considerably through too close contacts mission, the greater number of which with commercial life and modern imare under the direction of native misprovements of the outside world. sionaries and their wives. In only two

The Samoan mission was opened branches at present have we Utah elders

June 18, 1888, by Elder Joseph H. in charge; thus we find work for a

Dean and wife, who were transferred great portion of our worthy Priestto this field from Honolulu. Later in hood. We have native missionaries

the same year, October 10. other help who have labored as such among their

arrived in the persons of Elders Wilown people for the past 25 years.

liam O. Lee with his wife and child, These men are changed quite frequentEdward J. Wood. Brigham Solomon ly from one district to another as conand Adelbert Beesley. Missionary ditions warrant, so it means that they

work has been successfully carried on are practically giving all their time to from that time. Some time later misthe work. This willingness on their

sionaries were sent from Samoa to the part to assist in the work has proisTongan Islands and were successful duced our strongest characters. It

after some disappointments in estabfrom these ranks that so many have lishing the work among that race. The been found worthy to go to the temTongan Islands remained a part of ple in Hawaii to get their endowments

the Samoan mission until April, 1916, and do work for their kindred dead.

Mar., 1929418 IMPROVEMENT ERA

In our village of Mapusaga, on the whom are converts. The attendance

island of Tutuila, which is the United at our schools has increased. The imStates naval base, we have one of our portance of this will be recognized

largest schools. An agreement has when it is remembered that only membeen entered into with the American bers or those who are friendly or ingovernment there, that beginning with vestigating will allow their children to

the first of the year our school shall attend our institutions. All sectarian

be known as a government school. We missions here maintain their own

shall still be in charge, but the instituschools, the government at present tion is to be operated in connection being unable to offer sufficient opporwith the general policy of the other tunities for education for all parts of government schools. We will supply the island, and naturally parents are

two white teachers, while they are to anxious that their children be educated furnish the other help needed. The in places where their views of religion

mission will be remunerated for the are taught.

work done by the elders in the school The returns from our plantations and be given the privilege of purchashave also been very satisfactory. Usuing supplies at the Navy stores. Those ally they have been operated at a loss;

acquainted with the price of merhowever, we have now been able to chandise will know how much we will overcome that condition. The prosgain by this privilege. This is a mark pects for the present year give promise

of recognition on the part of the govof a good harvest. We have on our

ernment which we deeply appreciate. building program the erection of sevYears ago it was deemed advisable eral churches, an elders'headquarters

to found two large villages where the for the Savai'i district at Fagamalo.

Saints could gather, have a home and and the opening of another plantation be trained in the Gospel as well as and school at Tapueleele. Work will

being able to put their children in be commenced there immediately on an proper schools; hence the plantations elders'home and school building.

of Mapusaga and Sauniatu. The The question arises: Is our missionMapusaga lease contains some 320 ary work among these people worth

acres, the major part of which has been while? Unquestionably they are Laplanted to cocoanuts. Sauniatu is manites and belong to the house of

twice as large in area, is partly planted, Israel. Through the blessings of the

but its soil and location are not suited Gospel, they will yet become a deto the growing of cocoanuts. Its lightsome people. It has been evident

greatest value to the Church has been from the very day of the organization that it serves as a gathering place where of the Church that the time has arrived the natives are free to live the Gospel when these people are not only to have and be educated. These two villages the Gospel taken to them but are to

have supplied the local missionaries as enjoy other blessings as well. This

they have been needed in outside vil-, condition was clearly seen by Alma lages as the work has gradually exwhen he said:

panded. Had these steps not been taken "For there are many promises which

in the past we would be greatly handiare extended to the Lamanites; for

capped at the present, as the number it is because of the traditions of their of elders from Zion would be far too fathers that caused them to remain in few to carry on the work as it must their state of ignorance; therefore the

be carried on here. Lord will be merciful unto them and

The past year has been a banner prolong their existence in the land.

one for us in many respects. We have And at some period of time they will

baptized 205 souls, nearly all of be brought to believe in his work, and

Mar., 1929 MESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS 419

to know of the incorrectness of the whom we are called to carry the mestraditions of their fathers; and many sage of salvation will make little difof them will be saved, for the Lord ference to us. The missionary spirit

will be merciful unto all who call on is well expressed in the hymn, "I'll his name."(Alma 9: 1617.) go where you want me to go, dear

The same future for this race of Lord, I'll be what you want me to people was revealed to the Prophet be."Let not the missionary feel to

field of labor, but go Joseph Smith: select his own

willingly, remembering the divine "But before the great day of the words found in Doc. and Cov. 4:2-7.

Lord shall come, Jacob shall flourish The elders laboring here at the presin the wilderness, and the Lamanites ent time are happy, diligent and inshall blossom as the rose."(Doc. and terested in their work; satisfied with

Cov. 94:24.) the land and its people, and above all

If we have the attitude which should grateful for the honor which has come be taken by one bearing the holy to them to be bearers of the truth to

Priesthood, the land or people to the nations yet in darkness.

Hamilton District Missionaries

Sets Book of Mormon Record ylvERJiGE 26 Books Oc r. 1-28 1928

Swear Not At All Not long ago a Utah farmer enfanity more highly developed than in gaged a young man to do some plowing the United States. Many men cannot

for him. A part of the work was make the simplest kind of a statement

among lowspreading apple trees, the without embellishing it with impious branches of which occasionally struck oaths. Not infrequently the most

the driver in the face. The horses sacred names are used in order to imwere also frequently lashed by the part added emphasis to that which is

boughs and became thereby greatly exsaid, and this is done so casually that cited and hard to manage. Every few the speaker is often wholly unaware

moments, the farmer, working in an of his offensive language.

adjacent field, heard language which Even in our own blessed community seriously displeased him, that this practice prevails to an extent which "d—

branch,"or that horse!"He is alarming. The ears of women and "d—

walked over to his employee upon children are often offended by language hearing the man couple the name of the which they cannot avoid hearing on the

Almighty with the profanity. streets or in public places. Occasion-

"This morning,"he said, "my famally men whose lives otherwise are ily and I knelt together in our usual exemplary indulge in at least a mild prayer. We asked our Heavenly Father form of cursing.

to bless us, to bless our farm, this Cursing! The word is expressive.orchard, our livestock. We greatly Latterday Saints, whose business andneed this blessing, for our son is on a natural desire is to bless all mankind,

mission and to hire someone in his sometimes invoke a curse upon theirplace and send him the necessary money possessions or the possessions of others,will run us very close financially. Now, or on their fellowmen and even uponif your words mean anything at all, their children. In a moment of annoyby using the holy name of Deity you

ance or anger a father says, thatare asking the Lord to curse that which "D—

fill hiswe have asked him to bless. I can't boy!"What horror would

afford to have my belongings cursed or soul if the Almighty took him literally damned; they must be blessed or my at his word and did actually damn the son upon whom he has built such fondfamily will suffer for the necessities of

it was belife."hopes, and he realized that

The abashed young man said he did cause of the curse which he himself had not mean anything by what he said. invoked!

His words were spoken in thoughtless Inability adequately to express one's anger. The employer reminded him thoughts without swearing is largely

of the Savior's statement, "Every idle the result of habit, and is an admission word that men shall speak, they shall of lack of vocabulary to express such give an account thereof in the day of thoughts decently. But whatever the

judgment. For by thy words shalt cause, it should be overcome. Except

thou be justified, and by thy words where a man swears casually and as a thou shalt be condemned."matter of habit, he usually curses in

Perhaps in no other part of the anger, or at least when he is much world is the execrable habit of proprovoked, and under the control of this

Mar., 1929 EDITORS'TABLE 421

spirit the natural disposition is to curse Cry over the flocks of your fields, that and not to bless. they may increase. But this is not all;

Consider the spiritual difference of ye must pour out your souls in your one who indulges even in mild proclosets, and your secret places, and in fanity about his surroundings and one your wilderness. Yea, and when you

who follows the beautiful advice of do not cry unto the Lord, let your

Amulek, as recorded in the thirtyfourth hearts be full, drawn out in prayer chapter of Alma: "Cry unto him unto him continually for your welfare,

[the Almighty] over the crops of your and also for the welfare of those who fields, that ye may prosper in them, are around you."—C.

Prophecy, or What?

In view of modern conditions, when the human voice can be heard almost around the world, the following paragraph taken from a sermon delivered by

Elder Orson Pratt in the First ward school house, Sunday afternoon, December 28, 1873, will be of interest. This is taken from page 327 |of volume 16 of

the Journal of Discourses:

"There must be something connected with the sounding of this trump that is miraculous in order that all nations may hear it. Any sound that can be

produced by mortal man does not reach, generally speaking, over about thirty miles from where it originates, which is a very small space indeed. But there

will be something connected with the sounding of the trump of the first of the seven angels which will manifest a power which we know nothing of. The

sound of that trump will be heard by all people, nations, kindreds and tongues in the four quarters of our globe. I do not know that the sound will be so

much louder than some we have heard, but it will be carried by some miraculous power so that all people will hear it."

The Robin

Come, robin, come, delay no more,

Thou harbinger of spring.

I'm weary of these somber days,

I long to hear you sing.

How can the sweet blue vi'lets blow

Without your stirring strain?

Or crocuses look up and smile Without your glad refrain?

You seem to burst the sleeping bulbs.

Arouse the slumb'ring bees, With your shrill chirp, your cheery notes

Hurled from the leafless trees.

Come, now, and bring bright balmy days;

Bring sun and gentle show'rs, To sprout the grasses, leaf the trees,

To bud and bloom the flow'rs.

Logan. Utah. SAMUEL B. MlTTON.

All matters pertaining to the Aaronic Priesthood in this department are prepared under the direction of the Presiding Bishopric.

The Aaronic Priesthood Several times recently questions haw By (or in) the authority of the Holy been received regarding the approved Priesthood, I (or we) lay my (or our) form of ordaining brethren to the hands upon your head and ordain you a

Lesser Priesthood. An answer is to be deacon (or other office in the Lesser Priestfound on page 14 of the last "Handhood) in the Church of Jesus Christ of

book of Instructions"issued by the Latterday Saints, and confer upon you

Presiding Bishopric. We quote: "The all the rights, powers and authority perform of ordination authorized by the taining to this office in the Aaronic PriestFirst Presidency is as follows: hood, in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ.

Amen.'"

The Priesthood and Education The program of study and activity, promise is fulfilled, it may be observed as arranged in Sunday School and in that the wonderful truths which thus

M. I. A. meetings, is but a move tocame to him are still echoing down

wards something which, in the very from Egypt through Greece with great nature of the Priesthood itself, was benefit to the modern world.

sure to come. The Priesthood, perThis Priesthood training may not

haps more than any other order or oragree in every respect with popular fads ganization among men, calls for and in education, but it does include the implies education. kind of working knowledge and skill

This education is peculiarly and which makes men efficient for a wide vitally related to action, and it reaches variety of labors. This is amply

its loftiest functions of purpose only proved by the masterful accomplishthrough performance. Its most imments of Joseph Smith, Brigham

portant lessons were impressed ancientYoung and a glorious list of splendid ly by works, and it achieved its most men who have achieved worthy obglorious height of comprehension jectives in many fields to build up the through service to mankind. Enoch, Church in modern times. Chief among

Moses, Isaiah, Elijah and others, with the purposes of Priesthood education knowledge far in advance of their conis preparation for greater service to temporaries, made their splendid promankind, for "the greatest among men gress through the rights of the Priestare the servants of all."

hood. Let no aspiring soul imagine this

Abraham desired to be "one who education is too narrow in its scope, possessed great knowledge,"and he for it requires that its recipients make sought to be ordained to the Priesthood "diligent effort to be instructed more that he might "possess greater knowlperfectly in theory, in principle, in docedge."Approving of this aspiration trine, in the law of the Gospel, in all

the Lord told him, "In thee [that is things pertaining to the kingdom of in thy Priesthood] shall all nations be God that is expedient for you to unblessed,"and though it is too much derstand; of things in heaven and in

to explain here how literally that earth and under the earth; things

Mac, 1929 PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS 423

which have been, things which are, for any beginner. It provides suitable

things which must shortly come training for all quorums, and the great to pass; conditions at home and goal of these lessons and activities, if

abroad, the wars and perplexities of followed faithfully, is the highroad of peoples and nations."Truth hitherto celestial understanding which was folunrevealed is to be given through this lowed by the great worthies. And in

means, "for the enlarging of knowltheir hearts these great ones cherished edge."The Priesthood holds the "keys the inspiring thought, "The glory of

of the knowledge of God."God is intelligence."

This does not contemplate conAt the meeting Tuesday evening, is assigneddemning nor discarding the schools of every Priesthood member something profitable to do, if he willmen; those schools are to be useful supaccept which will leadplements by supplying much that "is it,—something

surely and directly to the perfect goalvirtuous, lovely or of good report or ahead. And in the classes Sundaypraiseworthy,"such as we are ever morning, every Priesthood member

eager to accept from any source. will find something beautifully approThis Priesthood course of education, priate to think about, something nicely

as now offered by the Church, is a fitted for the growth of his underbroad and generous one, extended to all standing in the climb for the loftiest who are eligible, and it makes its labors places which the best men of the ages and exercises simple and easy enough have reached. Albert R. Lyman.

Lindbergh Tobacco Offer Gets Out

By Will H. Brown

A war department flyer, according to the Youth's Instructor, is authority for the statement that when Lindbergh was about ready to start on his epochmaking flight to Paris, a representative of a certain brand of cigarette approached him with what would have been a very tempting offer to many young men but not to "Lindy."It was an offer of $25,000 if, when he landed in Paris,

he would turn to some one and ask for a cigarette of that make.

Lindbergh absolutely refused even to consider the proposition, saying: "I

do not smoke."This is just one more incident showing that Lindbergh is

too smart to be tricked by the tobacco men. They have apparently quit trying

not until after they used every conceivable and contemptible means—but

possible to profit in some way by linking Lindbergh with the product that has blasted the hopes of countless thousands of boys and young men.

The eagerness of the tobacco trade and organs to profit in every way possible from events that come and go was perhaps never more clearly demonstrated than in the wide publicity given a threeyear-old Seattle boy who smoked cigars. The physicians were puzzled, and examined the child for abnormalities, physical or mental. The Ann Arbor News truly comments:

"It strikes us that the physicians are examining the wrong subject. That a

child of three could contract the tobacco habit without some encouragement from adults is a preposterous assumption. The adults of the household, rather

than this innocent babe, ought to be examined by the physicians, and likewise by the psychologists."

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT Give Our Magazines a Hearing The custom of quoting or reading extracts from our magazines, in public, is a worthy and effective method of awakening and keeping up interest in the Era and the Journal.

Giving places on the preliminary programs for a competitive twominute presentation of a gem from each of the magazines will meet with unusual approval and give our magazines a merited hearing.

New Contest Event. It is recomEssay on M. I. A. Slogan one for the young ladies)

mended that High School teachers be

It has been decided to introduce as asked to serve as judges.

an additional contest event for this year The two best essays from each stakethe writing of essays on the M. I. A. will not be sent to the district but to Stand for Law: for theSlogan—We the General Boards, not later than May

People Who Live it, and the Officers 1, 1929.Who Enforce It.

Regulations: The General Board will appoint

This contest is open to all M. I. A. judges to select winning essays from

each district; another group of judgesmembers except those of the Adult Deto select winning essays from each dipartment.

A separate contest will be held for vision, and a final group of judges to

Y. M. M.I. A. and Y. L. M. I. A. select the two winning essays for th"

Church. Essays must be original.

They must not exceed 1,500 words After selection by the judges in each in length. case, winning essays will be returned

Quotations not exceeding 150 words to be read in district and division will be allowed. meets, respectively.

Judges will be provided by Stake Gold medals will be awarded at the

Boards to select the two best essays in June Conference for the two winning the stake Cone for the young men and essays.

Contests Proper

We may confidently expect that the In order to insure harmonious reenthusiasm manifested during the mass lationships and effective results among participation contest will carry over all participants, there should be cominto the regular contests. From the plete understanding of details. All

beginning of March on, these will ocleaders are urged to read carefully the cupy an important place on the M. I. regulations in the Hand Book, pp. 91-

A. program. 103.

Mar., 1919 MUTUAL WORK 425

Note the following: advised that only unmarried girls enter

1. All Churchwide events are on this contest.

ward basis, except the dance orchestra, 6. Where M. I. A. members are

which may be made up of members working or attending school in other from different wards within the stake wards than their home wards, they to represent the stake. may choose as to which ward they will

2. Stake officers are barred from parrepresent in the contests. This choice

ticipating in contests. should be made at the beginning of the

3. Professionals, that is, persons season and not changed.

whose major income is derived from 7. The stake and ward executive of-

a particular field, are barred from enterficers are responsible for the general ing a contest in that field. management of all of the contests, but

4. All other enrolled members of the immediate direction of the different

the M. I. A. including ward officers, events may be assigned to the respective

are eligible to participate within their committees: musical events to the Music

special group and age limitations. Directors; drama and dancing to the

5. The Ladies Double Trio is open Community Activity Committee; pubto all members of Gleaner and Junior lic speaking to M Men and Gleaner

groups. (See note following on Committees.

Music.) 8. In each district the stake desigis asked to take the The age for M Men and Gleaner nated by a star

Girls Public Speaking and for M Men initiative in calling the stakes together.

Quartet is 1723, inclusive. All who but all executive officers of all the stakes

have reached their 1 7th or 24th birthin the district should have equal voice days during the year (June 1, 1928in making arrangements for the conJune 1, 1929) are eligible. It is tests.

Five Qualifications

By Dr. George H. Brimhall

Name five outstanding qualifications tions common to all leadership."I

needed in M. I. A. leadership. therefore amended No. 2 as follows:

This request was made at a meeting Subscribe for and read the M. I. A.

of the M. I. A. officers during the Leadmagazines. No. 3 was changed to

ership Week of the Brigham Young read, Owning and using an M. I. A.

University. Hand Book. 4. Heeding M. I. A. Of-

I had written, 1. Ability to orficial correspondence. 5. Working in

ganize. 2. Enthusiasm. 3. Attention harmony with the Priesthood.

to details. At this point Director This group may not be the major

Oscar A. Kirkham supplemented the five, but it is an indispensable five in

question by saying, "These are to be M. I. A. Leadership.

M. I. A. qualifications, not qualificaFellowship Social

By Ernest P. Horsley

The purpose of this social is to press Social sportsmanship insists on a into action the spirit of true fellowship. square deal. It is the elevation of sacTo do this each person must be acturifice rather than the manifestation of

ated by the spirit of doing to another selfishness. It causes one to acknowlas though he were the other. edge efficiency wherever manifested.

...

Mar., 1929426 IMPROVEMENT ERA

whether by colleague or opponent. It ing most beans in the bottle wins this

makes men sympathetic, by causing event.

them to see things from the other felTwenty Yard Dash low's point of view; honest, by stimuStretch a string in the middle of the

lating the ability to give proper credit carpet. Have the player try to walk

to everything deserving; and optimistic, exactly on it first with one foot then

for it encourages them to look for the other while looking through a pair good, and people will always find what of opera glasses which are reversed.

they look for. Real fellowship fills

one with a desire to soften sorrows, Foot Race sweeten joys and give hope and courage Line all members of each side up through a manifestation of fair play. with feet one behind the other. MeasTo put into practice the principle of ure length of footline.

true social sportsmanship let the class divide into sides and put on an indoor Hammer Throw track meet of the events described beBlow up a paper sack. Tie with

low: string and see how far player can throw

Indoor Track Meet it.

Divide the guests in two teams and Standing Broad Jump pin a band of colored paper on each Have guests grin and measure each person's arm. Have yellow for one smile with a tape measure.

team and red for the other. Let each

Obstacle Racegroup practice yells and when the contest is on "root"for their team. Place obstacles in the path for a race.

Blindfold the player, then let him try Shot Put to step over obstacles which have all

Use a milk bottle and have said been removed. One player does this

player hold the arm even with the at a time. There are judges for all

waist and drop five navy beans one at contests and players must abide by their a time into the bottle. The side havdecisions.

Music Easter is the time for beautiful sacred Solos and quartets which are espemusic, and the spirit of the season has cially recommended are:

inspired a wealth of it. Many lovely Hosanna, by Granier (John A. Parks,

Easter cantatas have been written, as publisher) well as solo and quartet pieces, and Resurrection Morn, by Vincent (Whitemany of these are just what we need Smith).

to make the Easter program the imInto the Woods my Master Went, by pressive occasion it should be. Geo. Nevin (Oliver Ditson)

is Risen Indeed, by Stults The Risen King, by Schnecker The Lord (Oliver Ditson Co., publisher), is a (Harold Flammer)

particularly lovely cantata which reThe Easter Message, by Chaffin (Flam-

.quires 45 minutes for presentation. It mer)

could be used with a short program of Christ is Risen, John Trindle Scott addresses. (Flammer).

For He is Risen, by Joseph Clokey The quartet arrangement of the (C. C. Birchard, publisher), is another above is in octavo form, and not very

cantata which might be put into a expensive. All are beautiful and add

longer program, as the time of presenimmeasurably to the spirit of an Easter tation is only 20 minutes. program.

Mar.. 1929 MUTUAL WORK 427

Sunday Evening Conjoint Meetings

April, 1929 Repeat slogan. of the body. Since the kingdom of God

was to be on earth, the dead must beTopic: April, the month of Easter.

brought back in bodily form, in order that Introductory statement:

they might take part in it. The resurrecThis is the month when we commemortion will be a glorified human life through

ate the death and resurrection of Jesus the power of God. Job, in chapter 19:

Christ, and it is universally regarded as the 26, shows us that he has become conscious chief of Christian festivals. It was the of a life with God. It not only implies

Venerable Bede who lived in the seventh immortality, but resurrection. One of

century who used the name EASTER, Plato's great teachings was that God canwhich is the Anglo Saxon word for the not will to destroy his own handiwork.

goddess of spring. The month EOSTUR, The teachings of Jesus Christ our Lord

corresponding to our month April, was alconvey definite and true knowledge of imways a sacred month. In the early Chrismortality and the resurrection. This is

tian times, a dispute arose as to the proper one of the fundamental beliefs of the Latdate of celebrating the resurrection of our terday Saints.

Lord. With the adoption of the Gregorian

References:

calendar, a uniformity gradually came in, St. John, chapter 20.

and now Easter is celebrated on the first Book of Mormon, Alma, chapter 40

Sunday after the full moon which follows Browning: Rabbi Ben Ezra.

the vernal equinox. The feasts in the

church calendar are reckoned from the date Quote: Wordsworth, "Ode to Imon which Easter falls each year. Lent is mortality."

the forty days of fasting and prayer pre- "Our birth is but a sleep and a forgetting;

ceding Easter. Then there is Holy Week, The soul that rises with us, our life's Star,

beginning with Palm Sunday and ending Hath had elsewhere its setting with Easter. The old Germans and NorthAnd cometh from afar;

men celebrated the return of the goddess of Not in entire forgetfulness, spring, which meant the rebirth of naAnd not in utter nakedness, ture. From the Norse people have come But trailing clouds of glory do we come

the idea of Easter eggs, as well as the From God, who is our home:"

Easter rabbit legends and customs.

It may be safely said that all peoples Many poems may be suggested giving have believed in the life to come. To the a beautiful philosophy of life.

Egyptian, immortality was an axiom of Longfellow's "Psalm of Life,""The life. He looked upon death as going into Builders."

a lovely garden. The American Indian Holmes'"Chambered Nautilus."

looks forward to his happy hunting Holland's "Gradatim."

grounds, and the Mohammedan to his paraFrom the "Chambered Nautilus":dise. The Hindoo Vedic scriptures describe the life in heaven and it is regarded "Build thee more stately mansions, O my

as one of indefinite duration. Some of the soul,

most beautiful funeral hymns glorifying As the swift seasons roll!

the future life that have come down to us Leave thy lowvaulted past!

are those of the Rigveda, the greatest writLet each new temple, nobler than the last, ing of Hindoo scriptures. The mourning Shut thee from heaven with a dome more

customs of old Israel prove that the people, vast, like all early peoples, believed in the conTill thou at length art free, tinued existence of the spirit after death. Leaving thine outgrown shell by life's

The Jew also believed in the resurrection unresting sea!"

428 IMPROVEMENT ERA Mar., 1929

Read Longfellow's "The Builders"'In the elder days of Art,

Builders wrought with greatest care 'All are architects of Fate, Each minute and unseen part;

Working in these walls of Time; For the gods see everywhere.

Some with massive deeds and great. "Let us do our work as well, Some with ornaments of rhyme. Both the unseen and the seen;

Make the house where gods may dwell 'Nothing useless, is, or low;

Beautiful, entire, and clean.

Each thing in its place is best;

And what seems but idle show "Else our lives are incomplete,

Strengthens and supports the rest. Standing in these walls of Time,

Broken stairways, where the feet 'For the structure that we raise, Stumble, as they seek to climb.

Time is with materials filled; "Build today, then, strong and sure,

Our todays and yesterdays With a firm and ample base,

Are the blocks with which we build. And ascending and secure

Shall tomorrow find its place.

'Truly shape and fashion these; "Thus alone can we attain

Leave no yawning gaps between; To those turrets, where the eye

Think not, because no man sees, Sees the world as one vast plain,

Such things will remain unseen. And one boundless reach of sky."

ADULT DEPARTMENT

Our Radio Project Era readers have undoubtedly the various fields of science; a second

learned something ere this of the rather series of addresses attempts to review a unique project which the Adult Comfew of the recent books of outstanding mittee of the General Boards is conliterary merit, and the third feature is, ducting over the radio. we believe, quite unique in the entire

Beginning Sunday, January 20, a field of broadcasting; namely, a clinic

12week experiment began in adult in Child Hygiene.

education. The radio is a new instruThe Adult Committee, which is

ment of our modern life and fortudirectly responsible for these programs, nately or unfortunately has been is very anxious to have the programs exploited up to the present largely for reach as large an audience as possible.

business purposes. Like the moving We ask our representatives and M. I.

picture, it has tremendous power in A. officers in general to give a wide

modifying human behavior. publicity to this series of radio proThe programs which the Adult grams, which we think set a pattern

Committee has arranged and projected and a high standard in radio broadcomprise not so much music as short, casting. Not only do we want you

intelligent addresses on current items and the local members of the M. I. A.

of importance. Music, of course, is to listen in on the programs, but we

employed as a means to this end. The solicit your comments and suggestions

program consists of three 1 2-minute which may be addressed to us directly addresses each Sunday; one address or in care of KSL at Salt Lake City.

dealing with current scientific events in

Mar., 1929 MUTUAL WORK 429

The Autobiography of Mussolini

Published by Charles Scribner's Sons, 1928, ($3.50),

Reviewed by Dr. Christen Jensen, B. Y. U.

A book on Benito Mussolini always through the war with distinction, and holds forth some interest but more was severely wounded.

especially is this so when such a book With the close of the war came a is written by the Duce himself. Richperiod of depression, disorder, and conard Washburn Child, a former Amerfusion for Italy. "The lovely strucican ambassador to Italy, persuaded ture of concord and harmony that we

Mussolini to write a series of articles combatants and the wounded had for the Saturday Evening Post and in dreamed that we would build after the 1928 these articles were published in luminous victory of October, 1918, book form. For the purpose of emwas falling to pieces. The leaves were

phasis, a statement by Mussolini apfalling from our tree of idealism. * *

pears on the cover that "There is no * * I felt that we were left without other autobiography by me."any cohesive force, any suggestive

In the book is traced in a rather heroism, any remembrance, any polithurried and sketchy manner his life ical philosophy, sufficient to overcome and career. Of his early youth we and stop the factors of dissolution."

learn little but one is impressed with Here was the opportunity which his love for his mother and his picture Mussolini sought. In the "ashes and

of his father as a strong and stern adembers"of a "wornout democracy"vocate of socialism. His schooling is might flourish "the garden of fascism."

portrayed as opening a new vista in his This involved a violent struggle with life, and then he is revealed as a young socialism and communism. Next came

dissatisfied school teacher. the historic march on Rome in 1922

After a short experience in the culminating in the interview in the schoolroom he crossed the border into Quirinal between the king and MusSwitzerland, where he soon found solini, and a request from his sovereign himself in the environment of some of that he assume control of the governthose radicals who were later responsiment.

ble for the Russian revolution. He The remainder of the book deals

was soon persona non grata in Switzerwith the problems of government durland and was expelled from that couning the succeeding five years. In it

try. Back again in Italy he performed he discusses the political situation,

compulsory military service after Italy's foreign policy, the colonies, which he went to Austria for a brief finances, social welfare, education, period but only to be deported from public works, and the church.

that country. The style of the Autobiography is

Home in Italy once more, he plunged vigorous, crisp, terse, but disconnected.

into politics and at the age of twentyIt reveals one of the dominant charnine he was made the director of the acters in world politics today, a man only daily socialist newspaper pubof pronounced nationalistic tendencies, lished in Milan. Two years later who confesses that he is "desperately

Europe was catapulted into the World Italian"and believes in the "function

War and Mussolini successfully used of Latinity,"but who has more or less his influence to bring Italy into the contempt for "sickly internationalstruggle on the side of the western ism."

allies. For this he was expelled from One is impressed with the tremendthe socialist party. Soon he was a ous energy of the man. In spite of

private in the Italian army, served the continued strain under which he

Mar., 191)430 IMPROVEMENT ERA

labors we are interested in learning that I am possessed of these three qualithat Mussolini drives a motor car with ties: a discreet intelligence, a lot of

confidence and at great speed; that he courage and an utter contempt for the

loves the airplane, holds a pilot's lure of money."

license, and has flown countless times; One could well wish that the author

that he is a devoted horseman; is skilled had furnished more information conin fencing; is an accomplished violincerning a number of vital questions.

ist; and is a student of the great poets How did he become the leader of his

and philosophers. He neither smokes party? Fuller details in regard to the

nor drinks and his meals are "as Matteotti affair would be welcome.

frugal as those of a pauper."He is What about censorship in Italy? All

not interested in cards or games and travelers who have been in that counpities "those who lose time, money, try in recent times know that Italians and sometimes all of life itself in the dare not speak nor write in derogatory frenzy of the games."terms of the dictator. These and other

But when we come to examine his explanations would be enlightening.

relations to the fundamental problems The absence of detail and the partisan of Italy, we soon realize that Musviewpoint exhibited may be due in solini has presented the evidence on part to the fact that Mussolini assumes one side of the case only. He is an that his readers are generally familiar

advocate, not a judge; a partisan, not a with the contemporary history of

neutral. His lack of judicial temperaItaly. His contribution on fascism is

ment and his unrestrained contempt not a description but a defense. Yet

for his opponents and enemies is exhis book is well worth reading. Conpressed by such words as "jackals,"cerning it the New York World says.

"blockheads,""softbrained cowards,""Only one other man could have "rabble,""parasites,""swelled frogs,"written it * * * and he is dead. His

"minds of crickets,""Italy's imps,"name was Napoleon Bonaparte."

full of "confirmed idiocy."

We may also be pardoned for asQuestions suming that Mussolini is a confirmed

What impressions of Mussoliniegotist when we find such expressions 1.

have you formed from the reading ofas the following: "I faced the Socialists in our convention. I was expelled. periodicals and newspapers?

is fascism? I held public gatherings. I created the 2. What

Compare fascism and bolshevism. was their leader."Again 3.Fascisti—I Name other European dictatorshe says, "Never, so much as then, 4.

(during his illness) did I understand that have arisen since the World War.

5. In your opinion is Mussolini athat I was indispensable to my men,

to my devoted people, to all the great benefactor to Italy? Why?

masses of the Italian people."Another 6. What are the essentials of a goodillustration—"Nobody has ever denied autobiography?

Outstanding Magazine Articles for January

Selected by a Council of Librarians "The Catholic Church Faces America,"Catholic Church an independent spirit

E. Boyd Barrett, in The Amerhardly to the liking of the Mother

ican Mercury. Church. There is a tendency toward

Mr. Barrett, formerly Jesuit, finds liberalism which may cause a rift in

in the American branch of the Roman the serenity of the Church.

Mar.. 1929 MUTUAL WORK 431

"Lincoln, the Court- "Has Democracy Broken Down?"Lover—The

ship,"Wilma Frances Minor, in Will Durant vs. the Mayors of

Atlantic Monthly. America, in Forum.

The story of Lincoln and Ann Will Durant, philosopher of the

Rutledge, based upon recently discovmasses, indicts the nation's rulers on ered letters, diaries, books, traced grounds of incompetence; and a group

further by Miss Minor in her second of prominent city mayors form a

Atlantic paper. Her collection has vigorous party in opposition.

aroused intense discussion among Lincoln scholars and the public. "The Pacific Era Begins,"Nicholas

Roosevelt, in Review of Reviews. "Justice Holmes Dissents,"Joseph

Percival Pollard, in Scribner's. Westward the course of the Empire

Mr. Pollard discusses the principles still takes its way, for the Pacific ocean

and human qualities behind the disis becoming the center of gravity of the sents of Holmes. The author points world. Nicholas Roosevelt, far Eastout how the Justice's views have been ern expert of the New York Times,

sitlater accepted by the Supreme Court. shows America's place in this new

uation. "Bigger and Better Armaments,"

Charles A. Beard, in Harper's "George Sand,"Gamaliel Bradford, in

Magazine. Harper's Magazine.

What are the dangers of another A portrait of one of the greatest war in Europe, even with the Kellogg women of all time, in which Mr.

treaty? Dr. Beard, out of his historBradford studies her love affairs and

ical knowledge and his recent study her achievements and shows what were of European conditions, contributes a the real springs of her character.

thorough analysis of the danger points.

in the Great "The Christian Ministry,"Harry "Afoot and Awing

Emerson Fosdick, in Atlantic Smokies,"Horace Kephard, in

Monthly. Field and Stream.

A new age brings new problems to How part of America's last remainthe ministry. A distinguished, liberal ing virgin wilderness has been saved

churchman, Harry Emerson Fosdick, from destruction, and will be preserved describes new ways of applying and for all time to come as the Smoky organizing the energies of ministers to Mountain National Park, by the wisthe better service of the church and of dom and generosity of nature lovers.

religion. Copyright 1929, by Harper ft Brothers.

Our Radio Hour

Are you "listening in"to the radio lems in child hygiene; these being inprograms each Sunday afternoon at terspersed with musical selection.

3:30 o'clock? As an experiment in While the speakers are not always

adult education, this venture is proving members of the M. I. A. and the topics

highly successful if we may judge by not those under immediate considerathe messages of commendation received. tion in the Adult Department, they

Three lines are followed in each proare in keeping with the field of endiscussion of an interesting deavor for this group, touching as they gram—a

feature of modern science, a review of do upon the widespread interests of our a worthwhile current book, and probadult membership.

432 IMPROVEMENT ERA Mar.. 1920

Drama for Adults In the Salt Lake stake the stake our adult people who did not get all leaders are featuring drama as a spring they desired in the way of "acting"in activity for the Adult Department. their "teen"age may now develop into

Each ward group is to feature one real stars.

oneact play during March. Many of

Dancing for Adults Remember that the contests in both of this? If you do not care to contest,

Drama and the Gold and Green why not learn the dance just for the

Cotillion are open to all members. fun and relaxation?

How many adults will take advantage

M MEN DEPARTMENT

InterDivision M Men Basketball 19281929 1. The tournament shall be under within their own stake. The Athletic

the direction of an Athletic Committee, Committee will select tournament ofconsisting of Homer Warner, chairficials.

man; Herbert Maw, Irwin Clawson, 8. Each stake will select its own

L. H. Florence, W. L. Warner, C. S. team in any manner that it may choose.

Boyle, E. N. Larsen. 9. Division supervisor The Men M

2. All disputes and protests shall be of each shall leave Division by March

filed in writing with the Athletic 4, 1929, c/o H. C. Warner, 406

Committee, which will have full Church Office Bldg., Salt Lake City,power of decision. the following information:

3. Amendments and additions to

the members of the these rules may be made by twothirds fa) The name of vote of the Athletic Committee. Three winning team and substitutes.

members shall be necessary to consti- (b) The date of birth of each memtute a quorum. ber of the winning team, together

with the substitutes.

4. Each Division will draw up and (c) The ward in which each contestconduct its own schedule of games, ant resides and the ward in whichbut the last game must be played on he has his recommend.or before March 2, 1929. (d) The ward that he represents.

5. An InterDivision Tournament (e) The address of each contestant.

will be held during the 2nd week in (f) The dates of attendance at M. T.March. A. meetings this season.

6. No team shall be coached by a

coach paid for that service. 10. Eligibility.

7. Stake supervisors will be responMen between the ages of 1 7 and

sible for the appointment of officials those who have not reached the age.

Mar., 1929 MUTUAL WORK 433

of 24 by October 1, 1928, are eligible only the ward in which he reif they fulfill the following requiresides.

ments: (e) The Executive Committee has the

power to modify these rules when (a) Attend at least two M. I. A.

they see that particular cases warmeetings prior to Jan. 1, 1929,

rant such modification. to be ascertained from the M. I. (f) The 17year minimum age will A. record in the ward in which

not be varied and will date as of they are enrolled.

the first InterStake Tournament (b) Attend at least two lesson nights game the contestant plays in. per month following enrollment,

or present a doctor's certificate as 11. Protests: On the 5th day of

an excuse for sickness. March, 1929, there will be available

(c) Not have played four quarters or at the above office, upon call, a list the equivalent in competitions on of all the players with the data set first teams of High School, Junior forth in No. 9. All protests on eligiCollege, College Freshmen Class bility of particular players or otheror College, or be a candidate for wise concerning the teams shall be fi'ed

the first teams squad on any of in writing in the Y. M. M. I. A. Office

the above institutions after Jan. on or before 5:30 p. m., March 6,

15, 1929. 1929, or such protests will not be con-

(d) Live within the boundaries of the sidered. All players and teams not

ward for which he plays and have protested by that date shall not be subbis recommend in the possession ject to protest thereafter.

of that ward; provided, that a "It is the activity that counts and

non-"Mormon"may represent not the were winning of games."

General Board Recommendations January 23, 1929 Recommendations Relating to the Teachers'and Deacons'Quorums of the aaronic priesthood work and the y. m. m. i. a. program

of the Latterday Saint Church 1 That the supervisors of the 3. That one of the stake superinTeachers'and Deacons'quorums will tendency of the Y. M. M. I. A. become

take charge of the Vanguard and a member of the District Committee

Scouting programs of these quorums. or the local council Executive Board.

In any modification of this plan, both 4. That every stake have one or

leaders are to attend both programs on more carefully selected district scout

Tuesday evenings and activities on commissioners.

other occasions. All leaders are to be 5. That every ward have a regiscommisisoned scout officials. tered Scout troop.

2. That a member of each stake 6. That the aim be to have every

presidency be invited to become a memScout Master a trained Scout Leader.

ber of the local council under which 7. That every bishopric be reprethe boys of the stake are receiving scout sented on the Troop Committee of

supervision. their ward, either personally or by

Mar.. 1929434 IMPROVEMENT ERA

someone specially appointed by them. is recommended that the tenderfoot,

8. That every Troop Committee the secondclass, and the firstclass

meet at least once a month and check Scout requirements be presented with the Scout Master on the progress through the play method.

of his work, lending assistance in makFifth Tuesday: Program the same

ing the program successful. as for the first Tuesday.

9. That the men who supervise the 2. Aaronic Priesthood quorums are

Aaronic Priesthood in the stake be asto meet as separate quorums; at the

sociated also in the general supervision conclusion of their work, the Scouting of Scouting, and become registered ofprogram will go forward. However,

ficers in the Boy Scout movement. where Scout troops are now in a good

10. That all Scout Executives who running condition, the separating of

are members of the Latterday Saint the older boys from the younger boys

Church become exofficio members of in their Scouting should be made with the stake boards in the territory covgreat care.

ered by their councils; that they be Scout leaders are to give special atfurnished with a schedule of board tention to the nonScout and get him

meetings and that they assist in every to register as a Scout at the earliest opway possible in the promotion of this portunity.

work. 3. Young men who are members of

11. That, in local councils, there the Teachers'Quorum may wear the

be established a uniform date for reVanguard Badge under the two folregistration of Latterday Saint lowing conditions:

troops: that this date be January 1, 1. That he be an enrolled memof each year. We feel sure that the ber of the Teachers'quorum.

Y. M. M. I. A. machinery could then 2. That he be a registered Scout.

more effectively help in the registration. The young man who is not a

Teacher may wear the Vanguard Badge

Recommendations on Vanguard under the two following conditions:

Programs 1. That he be a registered Scout

1. It is recommended that the of fifteen years of age or older.

monthly program of the Vanguards be 2. That he be enrolled and meetas follows: ing regularly with the Vanguard

group. First Tuesday: Merit badge work. 4. The supervisors of the Aaronic (All patrols of Vanguards meeting toPriesthood, being also the leaders of

gether as one group). These merit the Vanguard and Scout groups, should badge subjects are to be selected behold weekly conferences and be united cause of seasonable interest and left for and helpful on the entire program of definite local choice for weekly instructhe Aaronic Priesthood and Scouting.

tion according to the local interest and The monthly meetings of the Troop leadership. We hope that each ward Committee also give opportunity for may be able to purchase a complete set the development of this work.

of merit badge pamphlets. 5. These leaders should make a real Second and Fourth Tuesdays: On effort to win and hold every boy in these Tuesday evenings, it is recomthe ward in his Priesthood work, and mended that the Vanguards build their in his Vanguard and Scouting proown programs which may include sogram. cial and recreational events. Seasonable sports and activities may be chosen Recommending Two Boy Scout

to supplement this general program. Troops in a Ward

Third Tuesday: (All Vanguard On account of a number of probpatrols meeting separately for study lems which have arisen in our larger

and later for interpatrol contests.) It wards in relation to leadership and the

.

Mar., 1929 MUTUAL WORK 435

grouping of Scouts for fellowship achave given valuable aid in the developcording to their quorum identity, ment of these recommendations.

wards are permitted to organize two Stake Supervisiontroops under the general supervision for The members of the stake Aaronicof their Troop Committee—one

the Deacons'quorums and one for the Priesthood Committee, and the stake

Teachers'such organizasuperintendency of the Y. M. M. I. A. quorum—but

tion is permitted only when are to become members of the stake 1 The number of boys in the (district) Scout Committee. This

is to select and supDeacons'and Teachers'quorums is sufDistrict Committee port District Commissioners to superficient to justify such action.

vise the Vanguard and Scouting groups 2. Where the leadership has been of Latterday Saint boys. This action

carefully selected, and signifies its will correlate the work and eliminate willingness seriously to undertake this certain problems now arising because of work. dual leadership.

3. Only where the leadership has

been first trained in this method of Recommendation on the handling this special program. This Selection and Training

additional troop will be created largely of Leaders

Vanguards. The organirequest that serious consideration be Scouts—thewith a desire to take care of the older We renew with added emphasis the

zation of these extra troops is to be given by bishops of wards and Y. M.

approved by the local council. M. I. A. executive officers to the selecThe following reasons have stimution of competent men to lead these

lated the proposed action for two groups.

troops in a ward: National Permission 1. Our desire to keep the boys in

groups affiliated with their quorum Permission to use the national prowork. gram of the Boy Scouts of America by

2. It meets the approval of all Scout religious organizations such as our own

leaders who have been consulted. has been granted.

3. The older Scouts appreciate the The following extract is taken from

opportunity of being by themselves. the eighteenth annual report of the Boy

4. Each Scout Master is placed on a Scouts of America, 1927, United

national and local mailing list and reStates Government Printing Office, ceives additional literature and helps in Washington, 1928:

the management of his troop. "The Boy Scouts of America main-

5. Each Scout Master has greater tain that no boy can grow into the

opportunity to qualify in the fiveyear best kind of citizenship without recogtraining plan offered by the National nizing his obligation to God. The

Council. recognition of God as the ruling and

6. Small troops provide additional leading power in the universe and the

opportunity for leadership and for pergrateful acknowledgment of his favors sonal work with members of the troop. and blessings are necessary to the best

7. The nature and needs of the boy type of citizenship, and are wholesome

and his development are met best where things in the education of the growing he has an opportunity to work out his boy. No matter what the boy may

problem along with boys of his own or Protestant or Jew be—Catholic

age and group. this fundamental need of good citizen-

8. This recommendation carries the ship should be kept before him.

approval of the Scout Executives of "The Boy Scouts of America as an the state of Utah. They have been organized body, therefore, recognizes

in conference with our committee and the religious element in the training of

Mar., 1929436 IMPROVEMENT ERA

a boy, but it is absolutely nonsectarian to what denomination of Protestantism in its attitude toward that religious he may belong, the church of which he training. Its policy is that the religious is an adherent or a member should be

organization or institution with which the proper organization to give him an the Boy Scout is connected shall give education in the things that pertain to definite attention to this religious life. his allegiance to God."

If he be a Roman Catholic Boy Scout, the church of which he is a member is At a meeting of the General Board the best channel for his training. If he of the Y. M. M. I. A. held Wednesbe a Hebrew boy, then the synagogue day, January 23, 1929, it was moved

will train him in the faith of his and carried that the foregoing recomfathers. If he be a Protestant, no matter mendations be approved.

Our L. D. S. Boy Scouts in Germany

By Arthur Gaeth, General Superintendent of Auxiliary

Organizations of the GermanAustrian Mission

The year 1928 will never be forence on the part of our missions with gotten in the history of the L. D. S. the International Bureau and the good

Boy Scout Organization of Germany. words of our Church Scout Executive,

It was a year of hard work, a year of Oscar A. Kirkham, in his interview

excitement and worry, as well as of with Mr. Martin when the latter

much patient waiting. But neverthevisited America last September, that the

less it was a year of accomplishment, pinnacle upon which Scouting is now for although the organization celeresting in Germany was attained.

brated its first birthday on the 6th of On the,6th of November, 1928,

September, 1928, it already numbered the authorities of the GermanAustrian more than 500 scouts and 65 troops. and the SwissGerman missions and

Through untiring effort, not only here the leader of the German Spaherbund in Germany, but also on the part of the met in Leipzig to discuss the possileaders at home, the standards of the bilities of an organization; and on

L. D. S. Boy Scouts were brought to that evening the foundation for the

the knowledge of Mr. Hubert S. Federation was laid. The minutes of

Martin, International Director of the meeting were sent to the InternaScouting, London, and the German tional and Dr. Lucas was sent from

L. D. S. Scout Organization was inEngland to Germany to meet all orvited to join with the Spaherbund to ganizations interested in the Federaform the official Scout Federation of tion. At the meeting which was held

Germany. Germany was the only in Hamburg on the 1st and 2nd of

major nation which up to the time December, two other organizations herein mentioned had no internationwere admitted to the Federation, now ally recognized Scouts, and although known as the "Deutscher Scoutverfrequent efforts had been made by the band,"and as it at present stands

International to effect an organization there are four organizations in Gerin the Fatherland it was always a many banded together and working failure. Ninetythree applications have on international Scout principles, with

been sent to London from German a membership of a few over 1000, the organizations for recognition; but it L. D. S. Boy Scouts furnishing apwas considered that they were not proximately 600 of that number. The

working on sound Scout principles. It office of the GermanAustrian mission

was only after extensive correspondin Dresden, Germany, was selected as

Mar., 1919 MUTUAL WORK 437

the forming of the "deutscher scoutverband"(german scout federation).

in Leipzig. Germany, November 6. 1928.

Left to right: George Albert Smith. Jr.. general superintendent of auxiliary organizations of the

SwissGerman mission; A. Smith Pond, president of the Leipziger district; Otto Stollberg, leader of

German Spaherbund; Hyrum W. Valentine, president of the GermanAustrian mission; Arthur

Gaeth, general superintendent auxiliary organizations of the GermanAustrian mission.

the place of business for the "Deutscher joices in these activities, now that it

Scoutverband,"and of the working has been permitted to partake of the committee, consisting of five members, spirit of Scouting! What a help it has

all of whom must be German, two are been in developing missionary work "Mormons."Brother Helmuth Plath. among the young people here! What

editor of the mission publication, the untold joy has come to missionaries

Stern, was selected as secretary and who were instrumental in founding

Brother Willi Rossberg was selected as the work and who are now engaged in advertising manager. directing it, through seeing the wonThis organization has already been derful fruits their efforts have brought!

invited to send representatives to the Other names, as a matter of history,

International Boy Scout Jamboree should be written into this record, which will be held at Arrowe Park. names of the missionaries who deEngland, from the 30th of July to the veloped the present Scout program for

13th of August, and the German L. these fields. At the head perhaps

D. S. Boy Scouts hope to send a repshould be placed the name of the

resentative body of boys, not only to brother who did so much towards visit the Jamboree, but also to meet on creating the love for Scouting among this side of the ocean their brother the German boys and who laid a

Scouts from the valleys of the Rockies. foundation better than he will ever

Oh, how the youth of Germany rerealize. Elder M. Elmer Christensen.

Mar., 1919438 IMPROVEMENT ERA

of Murray, Utah, former general sutainly ranked high in Europe. The

perintendent of auxiliary organizations International Scout Commissioners of in the GermanAustrian mission. these countries entertained me so pleasClosely associated with him, the two antly that a longer stay would have

working in perfect harmony, was Elbeen enjoyed. Those Hungarians

der J. Hamilton Calder, of Vernal, especially have a wonderful organizaUtah, who held the same position in tion and I was able to do a little

the SwissGerman mission, also BrothEnglish proof reading for them on er Calder's successor in that position. some material they were getting out in

Elder George Albert Smith, Jr. These English for the Jamboree. They inenthusiastic and capable young men tend to be well represented. Their

were constantly supported by their organization is supported by the govmission presidents, Hyrum W. Valenernment, and they have a large buildtine and Fred Tadge. ing of their own. To promote

I just returned from a trip through brotherhood among the different naAustria. Hungaria and Roumania, tions, they are issuing printed matter

where I visited Scout organizations. on Hungaria and Scouting in the dif-

I was royally entertained and think a ferent languages so that readers can sort of a brotherhood was formed behave the material in their own lantween these organizations and that in guage.

Germany. Our American Scouts cerSCOUT LEADERSHIP TRAINING AT DIXIE COLLEGE

During leadership week at Dixie College, January 8 to 12. this group of men went to school

daily in scout leadership training. At the end of the week 11 men passed the minimum course. 16

the approved course, 6 the advanced course, and 4 men received, the Scout Master's key. a special

award presented to men of long experience and training with scouts. B. Glen Smith, the man

kneeling in the center of the group, has been a scout master for 12 years. He was the first man

jn the state of Utah to receive this special award.

Mar., 1929 MUTUAL WORK 439

Vanguard Scouts. Mt. Ogden Stake

This group of Vanguard Scouts of the 5th ward, Mt. Ogden stake, under the leadership of

Dr. Douglas F. Pincock, is one of the first organized groups of Vanguards in the Church. Dr.

Pincock says, "The fellows are enjoying the program a hundred per cent, and they are all active in their Teachers'quorum."In November, after the first snows, they began making a schooner, working

on it at Vanguard meetings, after Priesthood meetings, and at different Scouts'homes. They completed

it in January, and since then have had several fine rides on it. One evening, they made a party

of it, and invited their young lady friends, Dr. and Mrs. Pincock acting as chaperons. The boys

report to us that never before have they enjoyed Scout work as they have this winter with the Vanguard group.

Y. M. M. I. A. Efficiency Report for January, 1929

a* Vua to 00c uO U rt '5 V) c \> c > o co ac c CJ S '5 pa n'l STAKE Hbo < S N a, V G "5 < XI Sou 0. 00ra B oo ata 3c.SO ac3 m 5 hio 2 >< Q hO

Alpine - 12 20 5 13 13 10 10 14 10 9 116

Bear River. 8 11 7 14 9 6 4 15 8 6 88

Box Elder 20 18 12 14 20 10 19 12 12 137

Carbon - - 14 12 15 18 10 10 10 25 2 5 121

Deseret - -—14 18 15 11 14 9 5 27 7 9 129

Emery - 15 15 11 17 10 8 5 28 7 4 120

Ensign.. -. 20 19 11 13 19 10 10 28 9 6 145

Gunni?on 17 20 11 12 15 10 16 25 10 12 148

Kolcb 14 16 2 3 6 8 9 16 4 14 92

Lehi 10 17 14 12 8 6 3 12 9 15 106

Logan 14 15 13 12 12 8 7 18 8 7 114

Millaid 15 12 10 10 8 8 7 17 7 6 100

Mar., 192"440 IMPROVEMENT ERA

(Jc BOC MO 2 W3 > M a bo o a cs 3C aQl 4-J 4-)aCJ E STAKE W 8 < 00 N to a. o "3 < g o rt

CJ bo DO.5 c rta a ac3 3 E i—i c/5 CO CJ5 >< CJs o a. Oh O rt CJn

Nebo 17 15 13 10 12 9 7 24 6 1 10 123

North Davis 11 16 12 10 13 7 3 26 7 11 1 16

North Sanpete 16 20 10 13 15 8 10 29 8 8 133

North Weber 11 10 8 14 5 7 5 13 10 16 99

Ogcien 8 10 6 14 11 6 9 19 3 2 88

Oquirrh 12 13 8 8 13 7 7 17 3 8 96

Palmyra 16 16 13 6 7 8 7 21 10 9 113

Salt Lake 17 18 10 13 16 9 11 24 8 9 135

Sevier "22 21 14 16 20 10 10 32 7 8 160

South Davis 22 20 14 14 20 10 20 36 7 20 183

South Sanpete 20 20 14 12 18 10 10 24 8 10 146

South Sevier... 12 11 9 8 7 6 4 13 4 8 82

Timpanogos 13 18 17 11 8 10 14 21 15 9 136

Tooele. 7 11 8 13 8 5 4 10 7 8 81

Uintah 15 12 9 15 10 8 6 20 8 10 113

Utah 8 9 6 12 7 4 8 9 4 4 71 Weber 14 17 9 12 13 9 24 7 9 114

Bear Lake 4 6 5 13 5 4 7 5 5 54—

Blaine 3 2 9 7 2 3 3 3 4 36 Boise.. 13 10 9 6 12 6 5 24 8 6 99

Cassia 7 9 8 12 8 5 7 5 6 67 Franklin 16 15 14 10 11 8 5 21 19 17 136

Fremont 19 18 15 13 17 10 12 27 13 10 154

Idaho.. 17 15 12 17 14 10 20 10 10 125

Minidoka... 8 9 7 7 8 4 4 16 6 - 7 76

Oneida 6 10 7 15 8 5 3 11 9 8 8?

Pocatello. 21 21 10 11 20 10 10 24 2 20 149

Portneuf. 9 9 9 10 9 5 2 9 11 10 83

Rigby 3 7 5 9 3 4 3 9 4 4 51 Shelley 9 14 8 12 4 7 2 12 4 3 75

Teton. 8 10 7 10 10 7 2 10 13 77

Yellowstone 14 10 10 9 5 8 8 15 6 9 94

Big Horn 7 10 5 12 5 5 5 8 6 3 66

Hollywood 14 13 13 13 14 8 8 13 5 9 110

Los Angeles 16 16 11 11 14 8 13 28 1 1 15 143

San Francisco 16 13 10 14 17 9 16 22 20 13 150

Star Valley 9 14 8 13 9 5 4 10 4 9 85

Taylor 16 19 16 11 18 8 5 29 25 12 159

Woodruff 15 18 8 11 10 10 15 10 8 105

Calif. Mission 18 14 12 18 17 9 5 18 14 19 146

Central States Mission.... 5 5 23 20 3 9 1 4 1 15 86

Northwestern States Mis. 19 16 16 14 15 10 10 19 9 19 147

Dr. Joseph H. Grant, a prominent sion. In addition to this work he did

worker in the Liberty stake, died sud- a vast amount of preaching in the difdenly in his office in Salt Lake City, on ferent wards and stakes of the Church.

February 8. Dr. Grant served in the * * *

M. I. A. stake superintendency, as The importance of adult education

Bishop of the 33rd ward and in the is universally recognized. The Church

High Council, and no duty was ever through its various educational agencies assigned him that was not promptly is keeping pace with this worldwide and efficiently performed. He was a movement. A brief account of the

lovable character, loyal to his friends, Leadership Week at Provo, under the his profession, his family and his auspices of the Brigham Young UniChurch. Prior to his coming to Salt versity is found elsewhere in this numLake, he was a member of the High ber. It was an inspirational affair and

Council in the Davis stake. President indicated how widespread the interest

Heber J. Grant, an uncle of the dein education is. In addition to this

ceased, returned hurriedly from Caliopportunity, which was taken advanfornia to attend the funeral. tage of by hundreds of people from our

* * * communities, similar periods of trainPresident Rey L. Pratt, of the Mexing were given in the Dixie, Snow and

ican mission, reports the removal of Rexburg Academies. With the same

his headquarters from El Paso, Texas, end in view, the L. D. S. High School,

to 2067 South Hobart Boulevard, Los in Salt Lake City, invited parents to

Angeles. It is believed that this change meet with their children and participate

will be to the advantage of the mission. in class work on Lincoln's birthday.

* * * February 12.

The sermons delivered over the radio * * * each Sunday evening at nine o'clock, Another step in the direction of by Dr. James E. Talmage. of the adult education and one which will

Council of the Twelve, are attracting have a farreaching effect, is the broadwidespread attention. Naturally it casting of the M. I. A. hour arranged

would be impossible even to estimate by the Adult Committee of the Genwith any degree of accuracy how many eral Boards through the courtesy of people "listen in,"but it is safe to say KSL, Salt Lake City. One hour each

that many thousands do so. FavorSunday afternoon, for twelve weeks,

able comments on this series are refrom 3:30 to 4:30, will be devoted to

ceived from many different states. Our discussions on science, child hygiene

missionaries in Alaska report that they and literature. These lectures are

have been able to receive these messages. delivered by trained people and are interspersed with music. Altogether a

Elder William M. Palmer, known very delightful and instructive prois furnished. to many admirers as "the walking gram

Bible,"died in Lethbridge, Alberta, * * *

Canada, January 25. He was always Elder Hyrum D. Jenson, second

a zealous preacher of the Gospel, havcounselor in the presidency of the ing spent thirteen years in the mission Oneida stake, and whose home is in field. Of this time eleven years were Preston, Idaho, has been called to prespent as head of the Northwest misside over the Norwegian mission. He

War.. 1929442 IMPROVEMENT ERA

succeeds President Lorenzo W. Ander- G. Burton of the Tahitian mission. He

son, who has been in the field since and his wife and children plan to sail

October, 1926, first as traveling misfrom San Francisco for Papeete, aboard sionary and since the spring of 1927 the S. S. Tahiti, on April 18. Presas president. President Jenson leaves ident Burbidge spent four years as a

about April 1 and will be accomtraveling elder on the Society Islands panied by his family. beginning with 1915, and will fall

* * * naturally into the duties of his calling.

Elder George W. Burbidge has been President Burton has had charge of the

appointed to succeed President Alma Tahitian mission since May, 1926.

Thinking of You

Out on the sea when the night comes down,

Silver the waves and silver the moon.

Far, far away o'er the restless deep,

Over grey desert and mountain steep,

Over soft vales, shines the same pale moon.

And I'm lonely tonight as I realize why,

Your tears should you should cry start—why

I'm thinking of you, when I kissed you, dear, of you.—Thinking

Here, among strangers, far from my home.

Ever my thoughts travel over the sea,

Alone, I dream in the silent night,

As the ship sails on through a silvery light,

Night winds whisper a message from thee.

I am wondering why you turned away,

My lips were was much to say. dumb—there

I'm lonely and sad, yet glad, dear maid of you.—Thinking

My mountain home holds treasures rare,

Treasures far greater than lands or gold,-

Arc you waiting there by the little gate,

Waiting for me? And I am late

But I'll return and we'll live as of old?

I'll see your face like a pure, white flower,

Lifted to mine, in that golden hour.--

I'm thinking of you when we said goodbye, of you.—Thinking

Cofonio Dubfon. Mexico GRACE ZENOR PRATT

MISKIN SCRAPERS

FOR

HORSES OR TRACTOR

WEEDS GROW UP ALL AROUND ALL OTHER SCRAPERS WHERE

THE MISKIN IS KNOWN Level your farm now. NO BETTER INVESTMENT CAN POSSIBLY BE MADE

AT THIS TIME, as it is well known that a leveled farm is cheaper to operate, requires less water to irrigate and less labor and time to produce an even distribution of cTops and a much greater yield. The efficient and economical way to do this is

with a Miskin Scraper.

WRITE FOR CATALOG Manufactured only by MISKIN SCRAPER WORKS UCON, IDAHO

WANTED to trade, a onegallon ice cream freezer for two pair of lon drawers. Ad in eastern paper.

"Is it true that Mabel has a secret sorrow?"

"Heavens, yes! Hasn't she told you about it?"London Humorist.

Mrs. HOUSEKEEPER: "Why did you leave your last place?"

COOK: "The poor simps were trying to live within—Montrealtheir income."Star.

Shop Around If You Wish

you'll make selections here.—but

Standard Furniture Co.

Generous Credit Service

7 South Main St. Just North of Z. C. M. I.

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Standard Seminary Pins made by us have a finer finish and will cost you less.

We Specialize in making up Made with any guard complete Stage Curtains and Draperies $2.00

Order direct or through your local Modern and up to the Minute.

Jeweler. Pins kept in stock at all Our work shop is equipped with the very

times for quick delivery. Initials on

pins without extra charges. latest appliances.

Call at Z. C. M. I.

TAYLOR & COMPANY Drapery Department 162 South Main Street Let Our Decorator Give You an Estimate

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH FREE OF CHARGE Room 206 Phone Was. 5123

'Bob told mc I was the eighth wonder of the world."

"What did you say?"

- "Told him not to let me catch him with any of the other seven. "- -Every

body's Weekly.

SOLICITOR: "Would you endorse our cigaret for two thousand dollars?"

CELEBRITY: "For two thousand dollars I'd smoke the darn things."Life.

And this explains why so many names one sees in the newspaper are attached to tobacco ads.

Co. Elias Morris & Sons

GEO. Q. MORRIS, Manager

Mantels, Tiles and Memorials Set in All Parts of the West

Write for Information

'Where the Fire Burns"21 West South Temple St., Salt Lake City, Utah

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

LETS GO TO KEELEY'S "The Home of Good Things to Eat"

For Breakfast, Lunch, Dinner Light refreshments MISSIONARIES or Full Delicious Box Course Dinners Lunches for the train foods—Homelike up to your order. prepared by—put

women cooks. "Gems of Good Cookery"

ICE CO. KEELEY CREAM

* 160 Sa SaMain - 160 SaMain 55 state -Wllgrb QwdyDept.

5 Popular Stores

'Ah manages a laundry."

'What's the name of your laundry?"

'Liza."—Red Cat.

'Did you make these biscuits, my dear?"

'Yes, darling."

'Well, I would prefer that you wouldn't make any more."

'Why not. darling?"

'Because, angel, you're too light for such heavy work."

GROWN LARGE By DOING SMALL JOBS WELL "Distinctive Printing In All Its Branches"

The Deseret News Press 29 Richards Street Salt Lake City

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Advertising Policy of the Era We accept only the highest class of advertising:. We recommend to our

Renders the firms and goods found in our advertising pages

ADVERTISERS IN THIS ISSUE Beneficial Life Ins. Co. L. D. S. Business College

Deseret Book Store Miskin Scraper Works

Deseret News Standard Furniture Co.

Elias Morris & Sons Co. Southern Pacific Lines

Fleischmann's Yeast Troy Laundry

Improvement Era Taylor & Co., Mfg. Jewelers

Jos. Wm. Taylor, Undertaker Utah Home Fire Ins. Co.

Keeley Ice Cream Co. Zion's Cooperative Merc. Inst.

It's always been our ambition to lead a jazz band. As far as the river,

anyway. Judge.

According to a newspaper investigator, it has been learned that the average

London office girl powders her nose four times an hour, while the average in

Chicago is six times. We can think of nothing more useless in a business establishment than a girl who powders her nose six times in an it be the hour—unless

investigator who stands around counting the times she powders—HiddenherTreasure.nose.

Clear Clear Skin—A Head—A

And a Quick Step

A clear skin free from all blemish, a bright and vigorous outlook on life these are the outward signs of inward health.

But inward health is achieved by inward purity. Therefore the grocer who sells

Fleischmann's Yeast to his customers is not merely making a profit for himself.

He is doing them a real service that deserves, and usually gets, their appreciation and regular patronage.

For Fleischmann's Yeast gives to the intestines strength and stimulus to perform their functions properly. It is not a habitforming laxative. It does not do the

work for the intestines. It merely strengthens them and enables them to act

themselves unaided. Start eating three cakes of Fleischmann's Yeast daily.

FLEISCHMANN'S YEAST At All Grocers'

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Physical Nourishis Necessary—ment

But Not More So Than Mental Food

Every home should have a library containing hooka for each member of the family.

"The Glory of God is Intelligence,"said His Prophet.

Seek knowledge as well as pleasure out of good books.

LET US HELP YOU SELECT YOUR LIBRARY

Deseret Book Company 44 East On South Temple Street Salt Lake City, Utah

JOSEPH WILLIAM TAYLOR

UTAH'S LEADING 1872 UNDERTAKER 192 8 Best Equipped for Calls Night or Day in or Out of the City

Price of Caskets at Your Suiting—Services the Latest Advancement

Phones Wasatch 7600, Both Office and Residence 125 NORTH MAIN STREET

Fire Is No Respecter Of Persons

You may wait till tomorrow to insure but the fire may not.

"See our agent in your town"UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE CO.

HEBER J. GRANT & CO., General Agents Salt Lake City, Utah

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

E FKmNK MmLAN 8 4 4 8 MD> ROE AVE OTtID en UT

SEND IT TO THE***

319 South Main Street NIDRYTelephone

Salt Lake City Distinctive Work Hyland 190

MOUNTAINEER

Strong Seams OVERALLS MOUNTAINEER OVERALLS

Are made from finest quality Denim, guaranteed for quality, fit and service.

SOMETHING

DIFFERENT

The Spring-O-All Suspender, no rubber to rot, nothing to wear out.

1*8*-—>-

Suppose We Should Guarantee You the Fulfilment of these

You Not Think it Marvelous? Desires—Would

Your income to continue even though accident or illness should suddenly snatch you away or render ycu unfit for work. An income for your wife—a college education for your children. The ownership of your home in ten years from now.

The possibility of retirement and the joy of travel and leisure in your later years.

Impossible? Absolutely not. These dreams can be realized if you act now—Make today's hopes realities tomorrow.

A Beneficial Poilcy is the Key to Success of mind Blots out your worries—Brings peace

Beneficial Life Insurance Go.

Home Office. Vermont BIdg.—Salt Lake

HEBER J. GRANT. President E. T. RALPHS. Manager

WHF.X WR1T1XC TO AVVPERS PLEASE MENTION THE TMP*OVPMENT ERA