.- NOT SINCE THE DAYS OF 1847 Not since pioneer times has there been such a huge and sudden migration to this region. "Workers more workers 1."

cries the new Utah. And already Americans by the thousands have answered

the call.

They're * It shall be our constant endeavor tc bound to follow such a surge of new render the best possible service, desfamilies, such an increase in industries. pite our own shrinking manpower. *

* This company faces a dual responsiWill you, in turn, pledge durationizing bility. It must maintain service to thousands of old and new homes... and, of your appliances with the aid of your

in addition, unfailingly deliver fuel to plumber or dealer... and vigilance to

military bases and vast war industries. see that no gas is wasted?

MOUNTAIN FUEL SUPPLY COMPANY Serving 23 Utah Communities

SERVING THE WEST klNI WAR AND PEACE "Take It From Me—

Honey Bee Grahams

Really Taste Swell!"

s. m*4 =r>-4li AND By DR. FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR..-*fsr &c*>

part is of TibetTn pasturage where GRAHAMS CT 'very meager, Sven Hedin found the ARE SO GOOD nomads had trained their horses to beJH come meateaters. The little ponies FOR YOU, TOO!

eat dried meat, cut in long strips. These delicious Honey Bee Grahams

4: by Purity are so nourishing that only Keep A Generous carbon (almost/lowing a perfectly

5 crackers with a glass of fresh milk Supply of Honey Bees appears black body) to the eye about three times as bright as glowing actually double the nutritive value On Hand for platinum, when both are at the same of milk temperature because the carbon is givMade to the AfterSchool Snacks.

only cracker offing heat. skin more gives off or The So Nourishing—So

factory betweenabsorbs heat within percent two as Denver to Fix Without

Pacific as a blackmuch body. Coast—and the Easy

4 ihey"reyou knowfresh! Fuss or Bother

'"There is no twilight on Mercury or our moon, but Venus and Mars have atmospheres as does the earth OVENFRESH SEALED IN SPARKLING CELLOPHANE!

which enable sunlight to be reflected

Biscuit Purityand scattered onto the planets'surface Clip and Send Today send Please Co.,mySalt FREELake copy of "Cartoonwhich otherwise be would dark immediCookery."

ately after the sun sets, according to for Name..",----- >Dr. R. M. Petrie. There is ten thou-

.:......, -,,.. i Addresssand times more carbon dioxide on

......... than the earth,Venus "Mv - '.. '. Sta'e for or enough a Free Recipe Book

layer of atmosphere two miles deep.

There is enough ammonia on Jupiter for a ten meter deep layer, and enough methane for a mile deep atmosphere on

Jupiter and Saturn, and still more onUranus and Neptune. KILL RODENTS!>—

Tf raspberry canes are protected in winDiseased Squirrels—the Health Menace

ter, by bending the canes down and covering the tips with soil, or straw and Healthy Squirrels—the Crop Menace

soil, raspberries may be grown in counfor Rodents in thetries with cold climates, it has been No Room found in Canada. Defense Program

,4—. Employ only the surest scientifically recBaker of the Guildford County kill them—use the"P *, Technical College, England, has ommended method to

discovered microorganisms help cows DEMON RODENT GUN with digest their food. It appears that

starchlike substances put together bythe bacteria are used by the cow rather CARBON BISULPHIDE than the materials made when the bacteria first break up the starch.

4:. '"Tantalum, a rare metal related to vanadium, is now being used for plates and disks to replace pieces of skull lost in war wounds, or to cover skull defects from such wounds. Tantalum does not corrode and has no reaction+—. with the body tissues.

A fter completion in June, the world's * largest pipeline will be the 1400mile twofoot pipe running from Longview, Texas, to New York. The

twentyfive pumping stations can deliver 350,000 barrels of light oil every journey.day after a twoweek Branches City and {Concluded on page 196) ChemicalCo., Salt Lake—Distributors—Wasatch———

Quo* Era7>Hmprouemenf Salt <clIvl J&mfik.

'The Glory of God is Intelligence'the ground broken for 1. When was

the temple foundation?

Heber J. Grant,APRIL, 1943 John A. Widtsoe, 2. Was the Salt Lake Temple the

Richard L. Evans, 3. Where is the prophecy to be found

"THE VOICE OF THE CHURCH"Managing Editor saying that "the mountain of the

Marba C. Josephson, Lord's house shall be established

PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS,OFFICIAL Associate ORGAN OF THE Editor in the top of the mountains"? ASSOCIATIONS,MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT General Mgr. DEPARTGeorge Q. Morris,

COMMITTEE, MUSIC OF EDUCATION, AssociateMENT Cannon, G. WARD Lucy Mgr. 4. is the president of the Salt Who OF THE CHURCH AGENCIES OTHERTEACHERS, AND Business Orton, Mgr. J. K. Temple? Lake SAINTS. LATTERDAY CHRISTOF JESUS OF

5. How tall is the figure of the Angel

spire? central the east atopJhsL diiffiL fiaqsL Moroni

is it material made? Of what

Letter Concerning Salt Lake Temple Donation

Heber J. Grant 205 6. Nameinterruption!the causesin theof threeconstructionmajor

QhuhdfL J>&ou/iA. 7. ofHavethe nonmembersSalt Lake Temple.ever been adThe Salt Lake Temple Jubilee William Mulder 207 mitted to the temple?

Pioneer Diary o Eliza R. Snow 208 8. How many days were required for

Conversions Bryant S. Hinckley 211 a block of granite to be hauled by

Here and There in Salt Lake Temple History ox team from the quarry to the

Albert L. Zobell, Jr. 213 temple block?

sessions are normally many 9. How the ExReconciliations: Can Evidences and LXV.—How daily Salt at the conducted Lake 225 A. Widtsoe istence John be Verified? of God Temple?

Month, of the Music: Hymns the Scenes Behind at the TemAlex- 10. How are the records of work perand Cornwall 204 E. Smith pie, Marvin J. Spencer

The Descent of the Gospel, ander Schreiner 240 formed being preserved today?

Niels F. Green 210 Yalecrest Ward Choir 240 11. How many visitors at Temple

The Church Moves On 221 Mutual Messages: Square registered in 1942? 1941?

24 233 Executives NoLiquor-Tobacco 241 12. Who is the gardener for the TemCultural Arts Priesthood: Melchizedek 232

Work of the Seventy 234 Special Interest 242 ple Square grounds?

Aaronic 236 M Men 242 13. What is the Temple Annex?

242 Gleaners 237 Teaching Ward 14. the were dedicatory How often 243 Explorers Genealogy: The New England

services repeated to accommodate Juniors 243 Society, Historic Genealogical

Frederic J. Haskin..... 238 BeeHive Girls 243 the throngs?

(Answers will be found on page 248)

If a Man Die, Shall He Live Again? Bruce Barton 198

Some Thoughts on the Atonement Thornton Y. Booth 212 EXECUTIVE AND EDITORIAL Sam Brannan and the Mormons in Early California—Part OFFICES:

VII...Paul Bailey 214 50 North Main Street, Salt Lake City, Utah.

the 220 the Universe, FrankBook Exploring Rack On

Inc., Copyright Mutual 1943 by Funds. Cor- a Greeting 193 lin to Use S. Harris, Homing Jr How poration the Young ImproveMutual Men's of

Florence 194 Cards,: Sum- H. Salt Quiz Temple Lake ment Association the Christ Church Jesus of of

Telefacts 1 96 mers 226 of Latterdag Saints. All rights reserved. SubLa Venta Culture, Charles E. Back to a Slower Pace? 226 scriptionsingle copy.price, $2.00 a year, In advance; 20c

Dibble 197 Handy Hints 226 Office, Entered at the Post Salt City, Lake 227 Attention, S. Girls L. D. Ancient Letter, Andrew M. An

Utah, as matter. secondclass for Acceptance B. Josephine Corner, 200 Cooks'Andersen rate special mailing at of postage provided

Wayfarer, F. W. Smith 201 Nichols 227 for in section 1103, Act of October, 1917,

Red Cross Services 202 Index to Advertisers 246 authorized July 2. 1918.

Your Page and Ours 256 The Improvement Era is not responsible dii&uafou fortributions.unsolicitedAll manuscriptsmanuscripts, mustbut bewelcomesaccompaniedconConference Notice 222, 224 by sufficient postage for delivery and return.

The Temple Calls John A. Widtsoe 224

NATIONAL ADVERTISING $ttfWL6u, flosrfJUf, (?A0AAW0%cL (pUj$lfL REPRESENTATIVES

Temple Recollections James P. Sharp 199 Salt Lake City: Francis M. Mayo

Arizona Ranger (Conclusion) Joe Pearce, as told to San Francisco: Edward S, Townsend

John W. Fitzgerald 216 Chicago: Dougan and Bolle

Scrap Metal Algie Thurgood 219 New York: Dougan and Bolle

Frontispiece: Salt Lake TemPoetry Page 218

pie, 1853—1893—1943 209 Scriptural Crossword Puzzle....254 MEMBER OF THE AUDIT BUREAU OF

CIRCULATIONS JIVL QoVBA.

PERHAPS the most photographed building in Western America, the Salt Lake Temple stands as a constant symbol of the faith and purpose of those who reared its spires from the desert. Tens of thousands of curious cameras record its outlines from every A MAGAZINE FOR EVERY

conceivable angle in every hour of the night and day in every season of the year.

This study is by Jeano Orlando. MEMBER OF THE FAMILY

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1943

FOR VICTORY BUY UNITED STATES WAR BONDS AND STAMPS

I saw this plane make war on rust mite, a

TO UTAH FARMERS tinycitrusbugorchardthat rustsin thefruit,southwesternat Bill Hughes'tip of

W. H. (Bill) Hughes of Elsa, Texas, Texas. The plane travels about 90 miles an

has been in on the development of hour 12 to 15 feet above the trees. It can dust

is hour. done early in the Dusting 45 acres anRio Grande Valley Citrus almost

there's wind. morning no when

from its beginning. Today he owns Mr. Hughes explained: "We used to fight

30 acres of citrus and he is field superintendent for the rust mite with ground dusters but planes

Engelman Products Company. Everything he does is are quicker, more efficient. By experimentaimed at producing top -quality citrus, oranges and ing we've developed a device that forces the

grapefruit. "Quality citrus might cost a few dollars more dust (powdered sulphur) toward the ground

per acre,"Bill Hughes said, "but it pays out big proat a terrific speed. The dust rebounds from

viding you get a good square marketing deal. the ground and fills the inside of the trees.

"All my fruit is marketed cooperatively through the Asof themostleavesof thetheymitesare arequicklyon thekilled"underside

Engelman Products Company. Our general manager,

A. L. Cramer, tells me Safeway took 225,000 cases of our

grapefruit juice and 66,000 boxes of citrus fruit in 12 months recently. We've found that Safeway insists on

quality but pays for it at the going price or better—

never tries to drive a hard bargain. The modern food

—chainto moveorganizaionsin a shortwanttimethethesamegreatestthingvolumegrowersthatwantcan

be sold at a profit. Safeway doesn't want violent price

ups and downs any more than we growers. And straightening out the road to market, like Safeway does, seems

to help everybody. It means a saving for consumers in

the stores while also making possible better returns for all farmers."

Grapefruit are usually picked 3 times from "A new cover cropping method we are now

October to May in the using has apparently cut scale damage to our less than half of one per cent,"BillRio Grande Valley—fruit to

oranges twice. "Most Hughes told me. "In orchards having heavy

of the newer orange cover crops we noticed scale was not nearly plantings here are so severe. Seems like a cover crop raises huHamlin, an early type, midity and encourages native parasites that

and Valencia, a late kill the scale. Immediately after cultivating

in thetype,"Bill Hughes told we plant a new cover crop—cowpeas

me. "A lot of the new spring,clover orsesbaniaMelilotusinindicasummer,in theandfall.HubamThesegrapefruit plantings

legumes also supply nitrogen to the soil, cutare pinkfleshed Marsh down on our fertilizer bill, and add humus"Pinks and the new

Ruby variety"Your Safeway Ranch and Farm Reporter

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1943

TC IE FACT HIGH SCHOOL GRADUATES IN THE U. S. ARMY

these wartime Service Tip*

Pictograph Corporation

make fifty million tons of pig iron reExploring the Universe quires more than two million separate {Concluded from page 193) laboratory tests; to make eightytwo

Digs as well as people need vitamins millionquires overtons twentysevenof open hearthmillion,steel andrefor health. vitamin need The latest

is pyridoxine, for of the pigs one B toelectricmake furnacefive millionsteeltonsrequiresof highalloythirty- complex group. Lack of the substance five million.

fits, which can be cured and anemia, toprolong/>/otv//fe causes loss of appetite, poor growth, thirty to dropped can be twenty five giving milligrams daily doses of by it is if treated not break and C* lassfeet pig. of per hundred pounds It has always been "good hydrofluoric with the acid to out take

business"to keep your in plows scratches, then and covered with an first after it's class the burn shape; war may immore A utomobiles liquid lacquer. practiorganic or For "*"* portant today, with equipnew in rating 150 octane of gasoline

it is cal application get to a lacquer hard to hard get ment and a bigger will cooling systems be motors whose will liqresist other which water farming and job our than hands on sealed. permanently before. ever uids.

Start your plow checkup with the business of end aerial altitude the at phohigh shares—the Clying horse business 'T'he and buggy gave the If plow. shares or are worn in or turn tographer 500 more may jobs in the States milUnited to a dulled, have sharpened them and

after reports a photographic complete set; in lion persons if the in 1937, replace 1900, but they're them worn

too much for further service. single reconnaissance flight, in which automobile industry furnished employSharp, properly set shares mean he records an area of six square miles ment in making, selling, and servicing

good an work important every six seconds. six million Fifover cars to persons. in economy 75 4 draft—rememberand industries teen of major our age have cent is per draft of at created plow the share. Keep coulters and jointAn enormous number of laboratory been developed since 1879 and have ers sharp and properly adjusted. "tests are necessary in the produccreated, directly and indirectly, fifteen

Check wheel bearings and boxtion of the huge quantities of metals million new jobs, according to Dr. E.

ings carefully—replace these parts now produced in the United States. To B. Benger.

if worn, to insure smoothrunning, properlyaligned wheels.

The hitch is the safety device that protects both plow and tractor from shocks and possible breakcushion-springre- age—therefore

lease hitches should be inspected TEIEFACT to be sure all parts are free and THE HOUSE C )F REPRESENT,AtflVES, 1936 -1944 properly adjusted; pinbreak (DEM OCRATIC AND REPUBlO *N MEMBERS)

hitches should have pin of a wood DEMOCRATS REPUBLICANS V-WH strength. proper o c o o o v r ( V lifting clutch The should be

in serviced line with the tion book. lubrication Thorough instruc- * e innnl lilnflXllflXXII MR! is important in prolonging plow JO0O0O0OO0 0.0000LJ

life and in getting greatest effi76'"II ciency from your plow. <I938 40i II

If you a Deere, own John yours I mmmrn mtm )000000000 is a built plow to every meet 77tH II it emergency. for Care 11940 42 II]

full the value the of well—getDeere John nnmni quality built it. into 000000000 only Use mtm00000000

genuine John Deere Parts when 1194?7&44> repairs are necessary. RMiiXXXXX Eoch symb o\ represents 25 representativ e>mnm H JOHN MOLINE, DEEREILLINOIS Pictogro sb Corporati on

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1943

LA VENTA QuUjjuul

By DR. CHARLES E. DIBBLE

last decade, and in particular /ttn.O&mb JIFFY GINGERBREADThe last five years, the witnessed have

of Mrs. Here's Los Angeles gingerbread, Olson by a spicy, recommended homemade the accumulation of a vast amount treat! It will delicious, of success springtime sure be easy a when to mix—andof anthropological accurate data is of Flour. the quality Globe high Enriched use "Al"on the asyou "Al"Globe same

early cultures of Central America. Of that has made it a favorite through the years. Now when it's important not to

particular interest have been the excahave baking failures, depend on success with Globe "Al."Complete satisfaction

vations led by Dr. Matthew W. Stirling guaranteed or your money refunded.

of Smithsonian Institution in the states of Tabasco, Mexico. Cruz and Vera

that finds impressive so wereThe

JIFFYwmnmmmGINGERBREAD 1 y4 c. GLOBE "Al"FLOUR 1 ftp. ginger

. f tHWCHEO ty,rit i/j tsp. salt 1 egg

1 tsp. soda i/4 c. melted shortening

1 tsp. baking powder 1/3 c. sugar

Vi tsp. cinnamon Vi c. light molasses

Vi tsp. nutmeg Vi boiling water

Sift flour once, measure, add salt, soda, sift again. spices; baking and powder MILLSUTAH 'GLOBE *i.iF0mA *

light, until shortening, Beat egg and add—1 rw w

beat well; mixmolasses, sugar and add

ing thoroughly. Add dry ingredients, then

boiling water, beating mixture well. Bake in papered 8-inch

square pan in moderate oven (375 degrees) about 30 minutes.

A-1 FOR EVERYTHING YOU BAKE!

Nobody Can

—From "El Enigma de los Olmecas"by Jimenez Moreno Stop LOSS—

A GIANT STONE FACE FROM THE LA VENTA

CULTURE Everybody Can the archaeology of this area formed the subject of discussion during a special Avoid It Through conference held in Chiapas, Mexico, in ofthe 1942. summer INSURANCE

discussion the During it was decided IN SAN FRANCISCOto the term abandon "Olmeca"and use the name "La Venta Culture"in honor Convenient to business, social, site this the of culture objectsof where theatres shopping.Single and discovered. bewere Venta can La come you When from Double from $4 $6partially stone characterized great by insurance f o r here

lips, fatfaces thick with nose pug and generally Suites from $10..; A it, coupled get youfigurines, objects, jade of an abundance rates for long of scafe slower attentive, expewithaltars figure emerging. a seated with

This culture is contemporaneous with rienced service. This term occupancy

other cultures to the west (Monte Alis an agency of the ban I) and to the north (Zacatenco) Utah Home Fire Inand dates back to the years immediately surance Co.

preceding the Christian era. It is in no

respect a primitive culture but one well advanced, which presupposes centuries UTAH HOME FIRE of formation. preparation AlDr. and

this the INSURANCE CO. considersfonso as Caso rightly

antecedent and mother culture which influenced the subsequent Maya, TeoHeber J. Grant & Co. HOTEL

tihuacan, and Monte Alban cultures. General Agents

Archaeologists are continuing in their Salt Lake City, Utah Ed mono! A. Rieder

work of identifying and tracing the oriGeneral Manager gins of La Venta culture.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1943

(Djlsl, SERVE AMERICA NOW! L TJta/L %

Shalt Ksl JXvjl daauL?"

By BRUCE BARTON THEN #/AMEI

is the ageold question, asked I are, for the creature cannot be

Itat the side of every grave superior to the Creator. He must

asked by all the world at Easter be at least as kind as we are, as time. It divides the race of men friendly, as compassionate. Is it

that reasonable to believe parts. He would into two and women niGHT WAY

this hearts have planted in human and o is the "Death part answers, One end. Neither man nor the universe unquenchable yearning for life after MONO WAY has any Creator. The universe death, and left that yearning unitself satisfied? It created happened. WARTIMS BUS TRAVEL just

of natural You and I would not have done the operation through laws."so.

That sounds very fine and scienGo where you will, from the most

OC \JI\tZ—ask your bus tific.the naturalBut wholawsorandwhatsetestablishedthem opprimitiveyou find theracesameto theinstinctivemost cultured,conagent well in advance erating? viction that death is not the end.

When a load of bricks, dumped Would a Creator plant that assurit mocked? UNION PACIFIC STAGES on a corner lot, can arrange themance merely to have

selves into a house; when a handTo some of us, at least, it seems

ful of springs and screws and that the world without immortality wheels, emptied onto a desk, can is an answerless riddle. We are

gather themselves into a watch, born; we struggle up through slow

then and not until then will it seem years of development, and just as sensible—to some of us, at least we have reached the years of

to believe that all these thousands knowledge and some wisdom, years

DELICIOUS CANDIES HAVE or millions of worlds could have of greatest usefulness, we are cut been created, balanced, and set to off.

orbits, their in separate revolving What total inefficiency! What GONE TO WAR! intellidirecting all without senseless any waste!

* That's Right! Our candies gence at all. It is hard to understand a uniare shipped to our boys on Moreover, if there be no intelliverse that made itself, and that

many fronts; and to the gence in the universe, then the uniruthlessly casts away its most

Camps here in the States. verse has created something greater precious creation—human personthan itself, for it has created you ality.

- Candy is a Morale Builder and me, and we have intelligence. It is easier to understand that

on the Home Front. Is it easy to believe that a universe somewhere back of the universe is

without personality could have cre- a personality and a plan.

ated us who have personality? If we cannot prove that this is so,

Isn't it easier to believe that our neither can anyone prove to us that personality is a little part of the it is not so.

vast personality that has created And until someone can disprove and now permeates the universe? it, many of us will find it easier,

If there be a personality in the more hopeful, more inspiring to

It's // Good Glade's—It's

courtesy by universe—a God—what kind of a believe.—Reproduced S. U. BUY WAR BONDS is He? Divi* o[ the author and the Lamp * God

He must be better than you and sion of General Electric Company.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1943

TEMPLEL dka)JU&dtwfUu By JAMES P. SHARP 0/llP

and your motordriven tJ 1 ELECTRIC APPLIANCES IM**** will last longer and erve you better

Because oi wartime materials and manpower shortages you won't be

able to replace most electrical appliances for quite awhile. So

don't neglect them. Keep them

in good working order by proper

Photograph courtesy Church Historian's Office care. For hundreds of tips on

TWOWHEELED OXCART OF THE KIND the care of specific appliances get

DURING CONfather * ure, I knew your and USEDSTRUCTIONON THE GROUNDSOF LAKE THE SALT a copy of the booklet "Wartime

TEMPLE grandfather, and Uncle Tips on the Care and Use of Adam, and the bishop—in factseverybody that used to be for there's not much space left to Electrical Appliances."It's free

around here in early days. But pile the rough stones.'at any Utah Power & Light Comabout the rock for the temple. Well, "Brigham turned and said, 'Broth-

I was only a kid at the time they er Joseph, you're in charge of transpany office.

commenced hauling the rock and I portation. You're the one we hold

spent most of my time down there responsible for not just getting the it watching the teams come in and the rocks to the yard but also for getbig twowheeled cart haul the finting the finished stones to the temFor Repairs or Service Call ished stones to the temple. Never ple.'He was speaking to Joe Sharp.

saw such a big cart nor such big, "Well, Joe didn't say one word Your Electrical Dealer or fat oxen as those that pulled the cart but walked over to a bullwhacker around. have weighed must They unloading, was who and when he Utah Power & Light Co. each.over a ton drove Swede A a long back came he was carrying

them. When a rock was chained to bull whip. The oxen were coming L

the cart, he would sort of chirp to back empty at a snail's pace; they

them, then whistle, and finally say, only had to go about one hundred 'Ve is ready, Yonny an'Yake. Move yards. He and Brigham stood in

along an'take anudder rock for the silence while the next stone was IN USE For OVER FIFTY YEARS

Lord.'simple of the of Canker, in treatment AidsHouse cart. to told chained the Joe Then

throat, sore "'Yonny''Yake* soon got so minor mouth and and other to aside step spoke and he the Swede used to hearing him whistle and to the oxen. They went on chewing and throat irritations.

chirp that they paid little attention their cud as usual. Now this span

finallyto they him and when did of to belonged they oxen Joe, but Hall's Canker Remedy it than a snail's slower wasmove their voice. recognize didn't master's 536 So. at Salt Lake East 2nd

pace. He spoke again, and still they stood City, Utah

"Brigham was standing there one there. Then he whirled the bull

day watching those slowmoving oxwhip around his head and brought en when a man walked up to him it down across the backs of both Ujouf home id incomplete without and said, 'If you don't get these finoxen. THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

ished rock out of the way faster "You should have seen what hap- $2.00 a year

than you're doing now, then I'll pened. Those oxen went right 50 North Main Salt Lake City

have to pull some of my teams off. (Continued on page 228)

The improvement era, april, 1943

ANCIENT LETTER WALK

By ANDREW M. ANDERSEN TO CHURCH

Save gasoline and tires for essential war work transportation.

And when it comes to servicing your car for vital needs, let us help you.

Keep Your Car in Fighting Trim

—Photograph by Margaret M. Barnes

B,'etween the covers of my Bible is an old and venerable letter.

It lay there undiscovered for many

CAR CONSERVATION HEADQUARTERS yearsby a greatuntil theAmericanexpressioncriticof calledadmirationit to my attention. After listing for the

UTAH OIL REFINING COMPANY STATIONS Golden Book nine of "The Ten Books I and Dealers in Its Products Reread Most,"Mr. J. C. Grey, literary

editor of the New York Sun added,

CARE FOR YOUR CAR—FOR YOUR COUNTRY "There they stand, my nine books like

the nine little nigger boys after the fatal dinner. There is a tenth book,

the best of all our English speech. The

letter of Paul about Onesimus is my favorite letter."

I found this letter between the Epistle to Titus and the Epistle to the Hern tke Ljospe e 1/ brews. Containing but twentyfive

verses, and seldom ever read or

By DR. JOHN A. WIDTSOE spoken of, this letter is important

enough to have been a part of the New

An Unusual Story of an Testament for these many centuries.

Unusual Woman In the days when slavery was normal and Her Search for Truth in human society, Onesimus fled from

AN IMPROVEMENT ERA hisRome.masterAt intheColossesame timeto thethe slumsApostleof

PUBLICATION Paul was a prisoner of Caesar in the 50 North Main St. same city. In some way they met, and

$1.25 illustrated Salt Lake City the slave heard and believed the testimony of the prisoner who preached the

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1943

and the divinity ofbrotherhood of man ftftftftftftftftftft ft ft ft ft Christ.the resurrected

What must have been their mutual astonishment to discover that the new convert's master was Philemon, a prosperous member of the Church atColosse. Here was a supreme test of Work, Fight, Save

the faith of the Apostle, of Onesimus, and of the fardistant Philemon, for the Roman law gave the slaveowner thepower to crucify the runaway slave if for Victory!

he so desired. Tychicus, another memleavingber Church, of the was for While our boys are fighting for us on the battlefields, we at for the Saints. a letter withColosse

Without delay, Paul penned this short home can work and fight to back them up and supply them letter to Philemon, thrust it into the with the necessary equipment and materials.

shaking hands of Onesimus and bade him join his fellow brother on the journey. Onesimus'faith was stronger thanhis fear, and he obeyed the command BUY MORE WAR BONDS!

of the Apostle.

Also to be better prepared for the days following victory/ it is letter writpersonal only is the This to wise to keep your Savings Account growing steadily at one that has been preservedten by Paul us. It manifests the tact shown in other of these First Security Banks:

great moments of the Apostle's life.

In it he expresses his love and the love of Timothy, who is with him, to Philemon, his family, and the Church in his house. He refers to the runaway as FIRST SECURITY BANK OF UTAH

one who has left for a short season, National Association that he might be received forever, not With branches at Ogden, Logan, Provo, Bingham, Brigham City, Magna, as a servant but as "a brother beloved."Richmond, Park City

Paul expresses confidence that Philemon will do even more than requested,adds a line or two of personal detail, FIRST NATIONAL BANK then graciously concludes with "the of Salt Lake City grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with With branches at Sugarhouse and Tooele your spirit."

No eyewitness has recorded the meetFIRST SECURITY TRUST CO.

ing of Philemon and Onesimus, but we Salt Lake City share with Paul an assurance that

Philemon met the utmost test of the faith. By receiving the former slave FIRST SECURITY BANK OF IDAHO

as "a brother beloved"he bestowed the National Association only true freedom, a freedom far more With branches at Boise, Blackfoot, Emmett, Gooding, Hailey, Idaho effective than the legal emancipation Falls, Jerome, Montpelier, Mountain Home, Nampa, Pocatello, Payette, declared many centuries afterwards. Preston, Rexburg, St. Anthony, Shoshone

FIRST SECURITY BANK Rock Springs, Wyoming WAYFARER Members of FEDERAL DEPOSIT INSURANCE CORPORATION

ThethatWestministerthe chief endConfessionof man issaysto ft ft ft ft ft ft ft ft ft ft ft ft ft ft know God and enjoy Him forever.

I would elaborate this a bit as follows:

Our business in this world is to exmat- the of spirit with contact perience this limitations the of ter, learn maSIPEIL terial world, take part temperately in STANDARDS its its pleasures, innocent enjoy beauBy HEBER J. GRANT evaluate ties learn to and grandeurs,

this world properly, neither despising it nor overvaluing it, endure with Now in its Seventh Edition patience its inevitable sorrows, trials, finally posacquire and and tortures, the carry sessions can beyond that we grave.

Paul says that we now see as AN IMPROVEMENT ERA PUBLICATION after glass but that darkly through a light expect and 50 North Main St. more may death we

understand much that now seems Salt Lake City dark, uncertain, or cruel. Senex

viator [Frank Warren Smith].

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1943

RED CROSS SERVICES

TJTow the Red Cross is meeting normal * A needs as well as those of the war emergency is demonstrated in the following summary of its increased demands and greatly extended services services which continue to make it the

Good Samaritan of the nations:

1. Trained men and women with our

service men and women everywhere called

Red Cross field directors and assistants, responsible for counseling, social welfare, and comfort needs of all. Red Cross is the

only civilian agency on military stations and with the military overseas.

2. Overseas clubs, 115 and more from

the Aleutians to Iceland; England, Australia, and the Pacific islands for our servZONOLITE FILLS AS IT POURS icerecreation,men andcomforts,women;andansociability.American home,With

NO CUTTING, NO FITTING, NO WASTE mobile equipment, the same service reaches scattered groups on duty as far as they

Scatter a few bags ofZONOLITE over your top can be reached. At the clubs, lodging and

ceiling, only 3 inches deep; Then see howbreakfast both for 50c; luncheon or dinner

cut only hair 24c. shave, and The.. 25c; winter this fuel burn less heating you much

for instance of charge Cross anyRed by are summer. in cooler your rooms how much thing, request at only done anywhere, and

Government experts report average fuel savof the military because other nations charge?5r ings of onethird with insulated attics; additheir own men for such things.

tional savings when sidewalls are 3. Four million more pints of blood in

also insulated. 1943 requested of Red Cross by the military.

MORE PRODUCTION FROM LIVESTOCK AND POULTRY our4. capturedPrisoner serviceof Warmenfoodand packageswomen andto

civilians. interned SERVICE BUILDINGS WHEN ARE INSULATED Insulat-

5. for service information Inquiry and Zonoliteing Concrete

applies mixes and Protect your producers will thrive civilians everyservice extremes from weather; They and of and men women like common

in crete. instances Insulates conwhere. only channel better; most less. The eat Insulation dairy of laying houses, houses, farrowing

better. 20 times for of interchange messages. an is barns, milk coolers, conveniences and other many moneymaking

all service to welfare Family home simple and economical with ZONOLITE products. Our free Guide families6. of service women. and men you how. Sheets show

for for the military service 7. Reporting

ZONOLITE is an allmineral product with extremely high insulatpurposes of emergency furlough, discharge, ing values. It's fireproof, rotproof, verminproof—and retains its diagnosis and treatment of patients.

all 8. of Enrollment nurses for the army InsulatPlaster full insulating properties permanently. ingZonolite all for hanand nearly the navy.

dles like ordinary fill 9. civilnurses the of leaving gap To

UNIVERSAL ZONOLITE CO. INSULATION plaster.3H timesInsulatesbetter. ian military for duty, nurses aides duty

S. Salle, III., 135 Chicago, La Dept. IE-4 are trained hospitals in used and and home

free Send your booklet me Miracle "The of Modern all nursing courses to they given so women Insulation."free Also Sheets for the send Guide me

illness better help for prevent care and may subjects below. checked

in the home. \Swineln- i \DairyIn- j

I sulation \sulation 10. Packet clothing, comfort articles and Home In-\—\PoultryI \Insulation\—hulation

Name service to all rescued seamen and service and women. Address Box men

11. dressings Surgical for the military by

State Place millions, the for local emergencies. and

12. Through camp and hospital service

and Red Cross field directors, verified specific needs are channeled from the military authorities at camps to the adjacent communities for community organization, individuals, and Red Cross chapters to prosupplies items and special unusual and servOld CHURCH BOOKS Wanted vide lounge and recreation equipment and ices, supplementing the basic needs proFor enlarging its library of reference works, "THE IMPROVEMENT ERA"is vided by the military.

interested in purchasing copies of earlier Church publications including lions13. ofProductionhandmadeprogramknitted toandprovidesewn garmil-

The Millennial Star Times and Seasons mentslions offor Redthe militaryCross andvolunteers.civilians byKnittedmilJournal of Discourses Significant Church books articles for ablebodied service men on duty

to supplement military clothing, governWrite or phone ment hospital comfort articles, knitted and sewn for patients; other articles such as bedside bags, afghans, pillows, covers, for THE IMPROVEMENT ERA utensils, etc. Comfort kit bags for all serv50 North Main Street Salt Lake City, Utah ice men and women going overseas. Ditty

and give names, dates, volume numbers, and conditions of books offered. bagsgarmentsto servicefor emergencymen in thisand countryloan closets.and

These are provided only on request, re202

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1943 <(HOW MUCH tRf EGGS?"

When you consider allround food value, "Milk White

Eggs"are more than worth the price you pay.

quisition, and through cooperation of the military and government authorities for specific verified needs, free with no thought of fee of any kind....

14. The War Department audits the finances of the Red Cross and submits the For top quality, buy....

audit and report of services to Congress and the American people annually.

are provided 15. Christmas packages ILK WHITE EGGS

patients in hospitals, provided by Red

Cross chapters. Comfort and other useful

articles, games, books, magazines, are provided patients....

16. Hospital and recreation corps (Gray

Ladies) bring supplemental ward service, visiting, recreation and other helpful services in military and government hospitals. First of AIL..

17. Red Cross disaster preparedness and

relief has provided services to 172 disasters in the 194142that occurred year in 42 It's 0slkwjuA!states. there giving Cross was The Red

emergency care and rehabilitation needed.

greatest disasters in 61 number ofThe Red Just taste that satisfying truewheat years, causing deaths,Cross 714 3,937 and injuries. Red Cross has the legal and moral flavor that reminds you of good

responsibility in all natural disasters and homemade bread! It's so delicious!accident emergencies.

18. In direct enemy action emergencies,

bombing or invasion, civilian defense has responsibility, looks to but Cross the Red shelEXTRA FOOD VALUE! feeding, clothing andto provide mass

ter, registration, and information service,and supplemental medical aid and transENRICHED WITH VITAMINS AND IRON!

portation. 19. Motor corps in 793 Red Cross chapEvery morsel of Royal Enriched Bread contains added vitamins and

times. ters provide motor service. iron that everyone needs—particularly in these strenuous

20. Staff assistance corps in most of our

3,755 chapters provide clerical, information, Fresh every day at your grocer's and helpful service at headquarters.

and Ogden Lake BAKING COMPANY—Salt ROYAL

21. corps with 25,362 Canteen members

50 Years Than Bakery... For More Utah's HomeOwned aides specializeand 100,000 in emergency

feeding. 22. Nutrition is taught through a wellestablished standard course by wellquali-

fied authorized specialists and 157,228 certificates issued.

23. Three and onethird million individuals have been trained in first aid. Emergency first aid highway stations dot the nation's The IMPROVEMENT ERA

roadways with Red Cross succor to accident victims. WENT INTO 76.000 HOMES

24. Foreign relief to war sufferers has IN MARCH

been given to twenty million sufferers in

Europe, Asia, and Africa. More than two

million dollars'worth of relief supplies If there's something in it you like, call it to someone's sufferers. refugees to has and Greek gone dolattention. million year, past the over four During

hospital, of lars'worth medical, and other He may learn to look forward to the "Era"too. to Russia. supplies has gone

25. To all exservice men Red Cross

service claims informational gives and and 12 Issues $2.00

family probassists welfare in personal and lems.

AT THE TEMPLE

By MARVIN E. SMITH

of the "Era"Editorial Staff

Opening its friendly doors fifty years ago, the Salt Lake Temple has given a constant welcome to worthy people to enjoy the spiritual blessings that come from unselfish service. Interest has increased

in the work so much that five sessions are held each day five days a week instead of one three days a week, as at first. For a time, seven sessions were

crowded into the daily schedule of the nearly four hundred temple workers.

Because "faith without works is dead,"the Saints who constructed the temple were not content to sit back and admire their templemonument. They

devotedly went to work to perform the saving ordinances necessary for themselves, and for their fellow men who had no such opportunity. During the

past half century this service accomplished more than twentyseven million ordinances in the Salt Lake Temple alone, including five million baptisms,

Junior is a little optimistic, we're afraid... nearly six million endowments, and one

though it's true the everpresent evidence of dirt is less and a third million marriages ( sealings for time and eternity.

menacing to Mothers who have FelsNaptha handy.

Always considerate of the comfort

Take those two Turkish towels, for example—the Pride of and welfare of the patrons, the administration has, at the same time, made the Linen Closet—to tell the awful truth. In some homes they'd

cause a firstclass 'conniption'. But not here. numerous improvements which add to

the efficiency of operation and the acThis Mother knows that no youngster can grind dirt in too curacy of recordkeeping.

deep for FelsNaptha Soap to reach it. She'll soak those towels Among the improvements of the past

in rich FelsNaptha suds. She'll let this grand, mild soap and eight years are upholstered lounges,

gentle naptha go to work. Then, a light rub, a quick swish—new carpeting, lighting on the paintings,

and out they'll come, as fresh and white as the fluorescent lights, microphone in the day they went in her hope chest. chapel, loudspeakers in the building,

Mother—have you a little 'Junior'ventilatingand individualsystem,lockers,new suitcaseengine roomsroom,

in your home? Then you need a lot of large refrigerator and cafeteria. All

FelsNaptha, too! names are typewritten now, while the

general temple records are photographed. Many of the changes are

the donors. generosity of through efifiH made

to cleanliness is next that Believing godliness, a staff of more than fifteen women is constantly at work throughout the temple and in the modern laundry, where the linen for the service is kept spotless.

As more efficient methods are discovered, they are enlisted in the temple to facilitate the gracious service there performed. $mamsmf

Salt Jjo/ul JsumfdsL (OonaiwfL

CANNON, GRANT & CO.

Financial Agents 60 Main St.

Salt Lake City, January 1st, 1893 Bishop Jno. C. Sharp

Vernon, Tooele Co.

Dear Friend:

Bro. Pehrson has sent me $238.00 as an additional donation to

the Temple and I have just written him a letter of thanks and my blessing.

I feel that you as his bishop and the father of the Saints ir> your ward should extend special thanks to Bro. Pehrson and adc'your

blessing to mine.

Accept my sincere good wishes for yourself and Sister Sharp and also for your boys that you may all have a happy and prosperous

New Year. I recall with pleasure the

pleasant visits which I have had in your home and the good influence at the meetings which I have attended in your little ward and I earnestly desire that the blessings of the Lord may attend you all. I have never visited a ward in my

life where I felt any better and more liberty in addressing the Saints than I have done in Vernon.

I look back with much pleasure to the hearty support that I received from the bishops and other officials when I was the president of the Tooele Stake and I feel very thankful to my brethren in Tooele for the support they gave me and there is a warm place in my heart for you and the others who assisted me so faithfully while I was laboring in your stake.

I am delighted beyond measure with the hearty and liberal donations, from the leading brethren in the Tooele

Stake, to the Temple.

2. PHOTOSTAT OF THE ENVELOPE

OF AND PAGE THREE THE LETOnce more wishing you and yours TER WRITTEN BY PRESIDENT

THAN MORE GRANT FIFTY a Happy New Year, I remain AGO, A YEARS FEW MONTHS

BEFORE THE DEDICATION OF THE SALT TEMPLE, LAKE IN Sincerely Your Friend & Brother,

FOR A DONATION TOTHANKS WARD ITS COMPLETION (Signed) Heber J. Grant.

i... Hi (Dedication,...

THE SALT LAKE TEMPLE April 6—a date already memorJUBILEE accelerated with the laying of a trackONable as the founding of the into the square itself. In 1887, antiChurch—it will be fifty years polygamy agitation found a legal bludsince the dedication of the Salt Lake geon in the EdmundsTucker enactTemple, and

cornerstones.ing of its ninety years since the layBy ment,under andits provisions,the Church,anddisincorporatedwhile the govOn that occasion long ago when the ernment instituted suit against it to esmassive foundation was begun "deep WILLIAM MULDER cheat its property, for two years was

floods"the reachbeneath of mountain of the "Era"Editorial Staff permittedsession of thethe fictionTempleofBlockretainingby "rentpos- that the surface beneath deepand "so it will cost robbers and mobs too much ing"it from the receiver for one dollar labor to raze it to its foundation,"Brig- a year, though speculation was rife ham Young ventured to predict that The following February, President that unfriendly interests were scheming "this day, and the work we have perYoung turned the first spadeful of frozto wrest the temple from its builders formed on it, will long be remembered en earth for the foundation at the place and convert it to another use.

by this people, and be sounded as with already familiar to everyone as the But the work went on. Slowly, what

a trumpet's voice throughout the world."Temple Block, where four days after had been dream and vision became realBut some asked, "Do you suppose the arrival of the first pioneer company, ity under the short, sharp blows of hamwe will finish this temple, Brother Brighe had proclaimed: "Here we will mer and chisel biting into stone. Toham?"It was a vivid recollection of build the temple of our God"-—a choice build well was more important than

the abandoned temples and temple sites approved by the camp in a "town meetto build quickly. Brigham Young did

site. hesitate It not ing"held to relay that evening on the several courses inin Ohio, in Illinois, and Missouri—in the central the foundation the square from which laid which had been of sanctuary was thepained remembrance

a upon surveyed and been had section of rubblework, and when stubcity-tobein with such completed Nauvoo it complained it grew, was and around which buildby 1851 was that some were fevered those during determinationborn years before the exodus and now desefamiliar to everyone as the Church pubing fine houses instead of attending to crated and burned out, its tottering lic works center where master mechanthe work on the House of the Lord, walls blown to the ground. ics and blacksmiths and carpenters and he forgave them, saying it would be no

"I do not know,"was the answer. painters served the pioneering interests cause of complaint if the temple were

"I do not know where I shall be toof the entire region. not completed for years. The people,

explained, he not prepared for were a will this be temple nor whenmorrow, time, April 6, 1853, conference temple, completed but At needed to im-: I There Thisdone. do know... *T* flying with banners and amid the prove exmore knowledge and gain by built here."templeshould a be

That was a conviction held in commusic of band and choir and the exhorperience.

tations corthe of speechmaking, forty the During much years, however, Saints, the deterwere bymon who laid in the nerstones order of three due other were temples acwere begun and this the to greatest of allmined make going not are the Priesthood. tually St. at completed: in 1877, George "Welatterday temples they should though

this finish year, but the temple at in in 1884, Logan and 1888 Manti it it the after drivenbe from day was to..."it. will begin the center of region a grown we—eachatfinished. their duty, would They do

it fruitful begun, forpopulous carried to be through was colonand the And the "leaveand the event Lord."with

izing efforts haltingly the vicissitudes through ward of nameless and men womAt the October conference in 1852, years, of forty alternate call"years of to "the build responded to hope en who the general theme had been "Shall we and fear, of persecution and nearhomes and villages and farms where commence to build a temple next spring frustration, years beset with all the diffinone had been before. Meanwhile, the

in order that we may receive our enculties of transportation and lack of Salt Lake Temple became the special dowments more fully?"The unanimous skilled labor and shortage of materials responsibility of the Saints in the surtheredecision should be no was that that the rounding counties were lot of a struggling: Weber, comDavis, Moritfurther delay, three and days later in the wilderness. Salt munity gan, Summit, to Lake, Tooele, Crops had and

was voted "that we build a temple of be planted and harvested, homes estabUtah.

the materials that best can be obtained lished, schools founded, new country in the mountains America."of North HPhus, through the administration of explored communications and settled,

Truman O. Angell was forthwith susmaintained. There were two summers three presidents of the Church and

tained Church architect to prepare plans when workmen had to quit the site to for the better part of a lifetime, prosketch preliminaryfrom a Brigham by gress the talk fight temple household on grasshoppers. the was of approach At

in their episgeneral eighthYoung, and Saints. 1 the Children used in among the Johnston's 857, foundawho Army

tle First to the the Presidency Church into to tion, venture out dusty the to quite road level, to not ground was the appeal:made toiling as three as see of filled yoke in many to over covered and and made

Bring all your spare silver and gold, appear as nothing more than a plowed oxen strain against their load of a single precious stones, and curiosities, and antifield, while the people evacuated the block of granite, lived to become themquities, and everything that will tend to city in "the move"south. It was four selves apprentice stonecutters at the

build, beautify and adorn the Temple of the years before the work was taken up quarry or on the Temple Block, and as with High; and andMost meek humble laid course, course they again. finslow upon was railroad, awaited, long The

hearts, fasting, praise, prayer, and and and in skilled following ally became workmen in 1869, Saints the while and came thanksgiving, the helpand of up to come it, the design patternmaker. of the to build helped the temple on work the shall against mighty,the Lord and you

receive your reward, in ordinances, in blesswas practically at a standstill for anEach momentous advance in the conings, in salvation. other three years, only to be greatly [Continued on page 250)

PIONEER (Diwuf ol ELIZA R. SNOW

Part II

Sun [day, March] 29th. [Still on the

Chariton River, about 100 miles from

Nauvoo.] Very cold & windy—Elder

[H. G.] Sherwood left our tent to act

as Commissary in Brigham's fifty, in conjunction with br. Yearsley who is

appointed for Heber's. Br. Y[oung]

came to the wagon this eve[ning] & said in the name of the Lord I should get my health.

M [arkham,][Monday,] H[arriet]Mar. 30.& ElizabethSis[ter

go to the stream to wash. Sis[ter

Y[oung] gave a treat of apple pies, which the rest enjoy'd much, but my health is too ill, tho'improving. The

day very fine.

Tu [esday, March] 31. The day fine,

got out of the wagon for the first time since last Th[ursday]. Mother Whitney fulflll'd her promise of last—From a painting by Howard Pyle

eve[ning] & call'd with an acceptable Th[ursday], Apr. 2d. Yesterday PRAIRIE GRASS

token of Sarah's kindness, a nice bit Brigham's Comfpany] left and Heber's codfish.of miles, 6 Creek, Shoal today—Cross'd the but the being ground round wet ill Sisrealiz'd have In having been B[righam]'s found Com[pany] & at kept females home. [ter] unremitting kindness Markham's halt exencamp'd, a made when 6 we front in the the of Seated reflection for time on have many had& wagon—night, after to the but pected some spend

: the following In All Things wrote Reexisting circumsubjects. which One farther 2 m[ile]s 5 arrangements, went on joice. is that beforestances brought have me of opposite the stopp'd a on bank & o'clock, instruc- 4 the to according At property. distribution o/of the equal perpleasure the small of stream. Had that together tion should each meet Ten I opinion in former confirmed am my S. letter interesting using an from M. their in divisions several partake and it is of the the to order contrarythat of her politeness thro'the Kfimball], the the to sacrament, of attended I we that verilycelestial believe kingdom. the Vilate. Thro'adopted mother

first for since the time ordinance we shall posthat arrive time oneshould a is bethealth blessing of much God my left City. the to heart was made that the anothersess than My no more ter.

in rejoice the of privilege once more will adverse produc'dequality by be circumstances, not by the law of God; Fr[iday, April] 3d. This morning commemorating the death of Him

and that time will present a general called in Heber's tent & found Brigham whom I desire to behold. Roll on ye

scene of distress. God, for a wise pur- & family at the breakfast table who had wheels of time! Hasten, thou long anpose in Himself, in the distribution of just arrived with his Com[pany], & ticipated period, when He shall again

capacity, has conferr'd greater ability recommended going forward, & not stand upon the earth.

arfor do, the to wait, expected as we disaffected In of consequence some others gradation than on & someon corn. for rival sent Soon of back teams Br. feelings, Br. YearsMarkham's & creation in of inherent the law &seems

it raining after started commenc'd we ley's families separate this mor[ning]government.

across the in road which showers made table, their Br. to wishing board Barney letarrived with Rockwell P[orter] quite miles prairie bad. 2 of At a wet us. Br. with with remained [arkham] M is anyCityters The from Nauvoo. creek to a the 2 m[ile]s of came end to Br. misfortune the had [arkham] M habitation from desirable a but hill the long on lin'd with fall his foot the cut axe of from an by timber—a I to the open Lord pray in delay,thingdescription—after side opposite which much front his the of wagon. get to in heart for the honestthe way enascend doubling teams &c, & we April] Mon[day, Commenc'dout. rain settled bluff with a the on camp raining after soon all day that our 6.light—rain'd informs Br. me M[arkham] o'clock. till 5 about continued which little intermission. with a day Soon of 50 earn'd upwards hasCom[pany]

after April] 4th. retired Sat [urday, [At Hickory to rest, we had the wind is received place, in this whichdol[lars]

all night rose with Rain'd gale Encampment.] a perfect 1 Grove attended with cloth pork, cow.in corn, oats, & a

this day. that a mostly thro'heavy Heard several shower of 6 of rain—and

volunof JFrora time, companies to time men either habitations [Smith] L[orenzo] is with our A. George the roofs were level'd & journeying camps, detailed from the orteered were

and, going off the route, obtained jobs of work for 7 m[ile]s in the rear, on Shoal Creek. of our wagons barely escap'd the wreck

in payment, to meet food received theywhich the Br. of elements. the storm, had been on the came Y[oung] With up—he partially supplied, only thosenecessities were of who

... River. to weather cold. 3 for the teams. 45 m[iles] extremely grain Grand also becameand

the inhabitants one town through As we passed as curiosity thoughmanifested as much they were Sun [day, April] 5. The storm sub2This was subtitled "Song for the Camp of Israel"

Their animals. of wild menagerie a traveling has omitted. beenviewing and night, in the a freeze succeeded by

to proof was, me, apparentlevity journeyed birth and gave to offmothers onward, 3As we is which, from sunny little those people day did ignorance. spring warm &of under profound variety every of almost circumstances imheartlessnessHow

results the aginable, and our movement, to those except accuscomprehend been had which Al-—thisitssided Br. blessing. great rarity seems

in Eliza in in quoted tents, R. Snow, in tomed, in othersmighty some had rainstorms theWomen view.—wagons—they gather'd held a Heber in I (Tullidge), men 311 p. birth snowstorms. of and ocheard one which Mormcndom,of meeting—thea

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1943

Tu[esday], [April] 7th. [On Locust their teams weakening & dying &c. &c.

Creek.] Very cold & windy, moderIt was a refreshing season to me &

ated a little before night. while I partook of the elements in reWed[nesday, April] 8. The ground membrance of the death of our Savior,

let me soonfroze quite hard this mor[ning]—the my prayer was "O Jesus,

wind chang'd to the south and west. behold thy face."

Elder K[imball] thought best to move Mother Whitney call'd at our wagon forward this mor[ning] early & go as just as the word went forth for meetfar as practicable, rather than wait for ing, & I remark'd to her that my mind the road to dry, while the teams are had been impress'd with the idea of losing more than when at work; but going to the land of Palestine, & I felt

the men who started Mon[day] to go to prophesy that we should yet walk 12 m[ile]s for corn did not return last hand in hand upon the mountains of inheritance our land of the evennight as was4 expected & we must wait Judah which grapes of clusters richfor them. & pick

Elder Kimball was passing my were "dropping down new wine"upon "study"today when after the usual the sides of the mountains. While sitcompliments, I told him I was number'd ting at the meeting I felt a strong conamong his children. I wished to know firmation of the above, yet the very

if he would acknowledge me as one. feeble state of my health seems to forHe said he would, & I told him that I bid the expectation,6 but with God all

should claim a father's blessing. He things are possible.said he would give me one. I asked Mon[day, April] 13. Sister M [arkwhen? to which he replied "now."I ham] & myself spent most of the day

told him I was ready; he said to me in Sarah Ann's wagon—dined with Sisas- Smith] [Ann shall rest andthen, blessing upter father's W. "A S.:—Sarah

first time the tea 8 for prepare to sisting this forth."this time Fromon you from

time I callhim father. since the birth of her promising son.

weather April] 14th. The 9. Tu[esday, early Started April Thursday, R. ELIZA SNOW—PHOTOGRAPH K[imball's] fine, and Father IN before practicable, CAIRO, EGYPT, DURING continues butas left, TAKEN we

Sis[ter] Markham did her 2nd churnPALESTINE TOUR com[pany], according to previous arbeautifuling of butter in the wagon—the road rangement, leave our very

was almost impassable being low the proposed plantation as soon as poswoodland dell, to join Brigham's Camp prairie, & to render it worse, it comsible—teams were sent back for those about 3 m's ahead—while starting some

menced raining about noon, & with the of our company who did not come up. of the teams, Father K[imball] pass'd

greatest exertion we went but 7 m[ile]s Sun [day, April] 12th. The Sacrawhere I was sitting, saying to the brethand put up in the open prairie where we ment was administered to those that ren, that "each one should have a carehad not sufficient wood to keep warm could assemble in the open air, which for all—that if others would have no

and the teams were let loose without was very chill tho'the day was fine. care for him he should take care of himfeed, to pick for themselves. Here we Father K[imball] presided and gave us self & others might take care of thempass'd a dreary night of wind & rain. excellent instruction reminding us of selves"-—he said that I might write it,

Friday, April 10. The cattle & horthe goodness of God, which had been for it was a correct principle.

a over travel m[ile]s about After 3 night in the 6) it was stray'd ourses had manifested greatly on way—althe tolerable than tho'road, more habitation, our miry before that had exrough to usnoon tho'we left it seem'd we

and when we went it was by doubling perienc'd the worst of weather we last, we join'd Brigham's camp on the teams leaving some wagons behind—should not have thought anything about edge of a high sandy prairie, with Gen.

a little after night we arrived at the it had we been at home. He strongly (Continued on page 251

place of destination where Father impress'd the necessity of union of feelBFrom October, 1872, to July, 1873, Eliza R. Snow

sent the party of one was Land. to the Holy by PresidentTwo yearsBrighamlater dedicateK[imball] & many others were once ing & action—said his "feelings"were Young

firma,"us before "terra of PalCorrespondence published on some reflections compiledmore and she made by by with wounded pages. hundred of four volume a Tourists, estine for fires blazing, browseplenty back & of wood their teams & sending respecting date of Wednesday, journal, under in the 6Later

following the the with together made Eliza for the beasts 1846, R. Snow L[orenzo] Br. particularly blessothers, May

usthink by improvedI health entry: much 13,"My carpet, our ing sod for unburnt were selof an that those who Young said is Cranesbill Cranesbill."of tea ing a made

which was very delightful. fish about helping others would find species of wild geranium and related herbs. a

Sat[urday, April] 11th. A council:::::;.:::-...'........ -:;.-......:.: -....::-.:-;>;::.:.:-:---:-:::-:-:: -.::.:.:::-.-'-:;-:::-:i

held a few rods from our wagons with most of the Twelve in attendance, to consult the interests of the Camp of

Israel & the kingdom of God. It was

thought best to change the course of our journey & go more to the north, which would bring us into the late purchase, we being now on the disputed ground between Mo. & Iowa,—to travel

about 50 m [ile] s & stop to put in crops, build houses &c, & that the poor in the

City be written to immediately to reach GARDEN GROVE,

THE PLACE curred under the rude shelter of a hut, the sides of SELECTED FOR THE which were formed of blankets fastened to poles stuck "FIRST FARMING

ESTABLISHMENT"in rain the roof a through ground, with bark the which

BYto dishes sisters holding stood dripping.—A MAJOR Kind was

IMOF STATION it fell, the thus protecting the water as catch newAS- MEASURABLE little the showerbath a as from and its mother comer innocent first entered on the stage of human life. SISTANCE TO THE

Through faith in the great Ruler of events, no harm PIONEER COMPANresulted to either.—Eliza R. Snow, quoted in Women IES WHICH

of Mormondom, (Tullidge), pp. 307, 308. FOLLOWED

Meanwhile, President Brigham Young and others repaired wagons and carriages.

J/ul (Dsi&xjmL

BEFORE AND

AFTER THE

Students of the gospel are always in interested of the the descent F. GREEN it By NIELS gospel from Adam, to whom

was originally given on earth.

The two tables herewith presented may have been numerous, and well acscendants of the patriarch Noah were show that all the patriarchs, save Lamquainted with the gospel as taught them members of the Church of the Lord, ech and Noah, living before the deluge by Noah and his son Shem, who had reduring the first centuries after the delwere ordained to the Priesthood by ceived it from the patriarchs, who in uge.

The suggestions made by these tables help clear up many mooted questions.

I. PATRIARCHS LIVING BEFORE THE DELUGE, A.M.* 1656 The Biblical account after the deluge

Tabulation by Niets F. Green is confined largely to Abraham and his

Name Year of Birth Year of Death Age at Death Age When Ordained descendants. It will be noted that the

birth of Abraham is A.M. 1948 instead

recorded 930 A.M. Not Adam Bible as given in of most A.M. 2008,

Seth 912 69 130 A.M. 1042

versions. sixty years of This difference yrs. 134 Enos 1140 4 mo. 235 905

Cainan 325 1235 910 87 should be applied as a correction factor

Mahalaleel 395 1290 895 496 yrs. 7 days to all later dates given marginally in the

Jared 460 1422 962 200 Bible.

Enoch 622 (1052) translated (430) 25 * * *

Methuselah 687 100 1656 969 777 32 The patriarchs are born in direct line 1651 874 Lamech

Noah 1056 2006 950 10 from Adam, with given birthrights from

Shem 1548 2158 610 Not recorded father to son, but not always given the oldest son.

References: Genesis 5: 7:6; and Book of Moses 6:1025; 8:1-19 Seth, Enos, Cainan, Mahalaleel, JarOrdination of patriarchs. (D. & C. 107:4053) ed, Enoch, and Methuselah were all in

Adam lived until the 56th year of Lamech 's life. succession, during the 930 years of

in his the Cainan, patriarchs cooperation gospelproclamations MahalaEnos, hadNoah by life, him; patriarchs ordained by

leel, father, Adam's further deluge); the the of died at Jared, year Methuselah by his (who death before years Adam's and three sons. his three of Lamech, 8:13) and (Book Moses

Enoch was translated with the City of Zion, A.M. 1052, but not Enos, Cainan, Mahalaleel, the mentioned seven patriarchs received

Jared. a last blessing from Adam at the great

"The Lord ordained Noah after his own order."(Book of Moses 8:1819) gathering of Adam's righteous descendants in the Adamondi-Ahman

valley. These patriarchs were all high

Adam himself and were undoubtedly turn had been taught by Father Adam, priests (D. & C. 107:53). Lamech

taught the gospel by him. Noah knew Likewise, the chain of Priesthood dewas ordained patriarch by Seth, and

all these patriarchs except Adam and scent could have continued unbroken Noah by Methuselah. Cainan received

Seth, and heard their story of the comduring this long period of time. It is a call from God in his fortieth year

ing of man and the gospel on earth. All not improbable that thousands of the de- {Concluded on page 230)

the patriarchs before the deluge, save

Noah, were probably present to receive Adam's farewell blessing in 927 II. PATRIARCHS LIVING AFTER THE DELUGE, A.M.* 1656

A.M.* Tabulation by Niels F. Green

The people who lived after the delName Born, A.M. Died, A.M. Age at Deathuge had also good opportunity to hear

the gospel at first hand. Noah lived Noah 1056 2006 950

well into the days of Abraham. Shem 1548 2158 610

Shem, the son of Noah, knew three ArphaxadSalah 16581693 21262096 438433 of the original patriarchs, Methuselah, Heber 1723 2187 464

Lamech, and Noah, so that his knowlPeleg 1757 1996 239 edge of the gospel was only one person Reu 1787 2026 239 removed from Adam. And Shem lived Serug 1819 2049 230

1997 148 1849 Nahor Isaac,to personally Abraham, know 205 1878 2083 Terah bediedand Jacob. In fact, Abraham 175 1948 2123 Abraham

fore Shem. 180 2228 Isaac 2048

The Biblical account of the gospel in Jacob 2108 2255 147 the period is very to Jacob from Adam 47:1-12. 26:1-5; 35:2729; 46; 15:16; 2632; 12 1-7; 21:4, 5; 11:1224, 29; 7:6: 9:28. Genesis References:meagre. descendants and his Shem 6:16, 18, 19; 3:1618; Galatians Josephus. Exodus 2:5; 8:12; 2731; of Abraham Book of Moses 48; 49; Book

"Anno Mundi—From the year of creation Antiquities of the Jews, Bk. 1:5, 6; Josephus, Bk. 11:15:2

Conversions "jbLkniii, ahoxJwa. atu $cVl JbacL adu it doA, fafiwaJuL,

and ihstiiSL Zl jwL ovul 0$. Uul chiMh&n. d. man. Jthat

ha&, swale liv&d, that now UvsiSu, &l ikat wilL sw&jl Uvsl but maif bsxj)jmsL pa/daJuiAA. o( AalvaiiotL..."

was converted YoungBrigham to the gospel through reading By BRYANT S. HINCKLEY

the Book of Mormon; John Former President of the Northern States Mission, and Author of the Book,Taylor through listening to Parley "Daniel Hanmer Wells—Events of His Time"

P. Pratt; Wilford Woodruff at a

meeting conducted by two humble elders; Lorenzo Snow through association with the Prophet Joseph

Smith. These men were born before

the Church was organized and joined it in their early manhood. Joseph F.

Smith, who succeeded Lorenzo Snow as President, was born in the Church.

He inherited from his martyred father, Hyrum Smith, and his heroic mother, a militant and steadfast love for the truth, and few men ever testified more fervently, more fearlessly, forcefully divinity to the of themore gospel of he Theit stoodEndowmentin the northwestHouse as in Salt Lake City, May 31, 1863, God, than of the Son did. Templecornee ofBlockthe fromSalt 1855Lake Daniel H. Wells said:

Heber J. Grant, who succeeded topresided1889. overDanielit H.for Wellsnine There is a plan whereby all who have not

Joseph F. Smith as President, likeyears. sinned the sin unto death may attain to a

wise was born and bred in the Church certain glory and salvation. There is a

and was taught from his childhood heavenprinciplebyrevealedwhich inwe thecangreatact economyfor one anof the pure principles of the gospel by other whereby the generations who have his sainted mother. No other man died in ignorance of the gospel may be administered for living, that the they by may perfectlyhas demonstrated more his DANIEL H. WELLS

in be judged flesh. according the to menfaith has President by his works than principle This revealed these has in been

Heber J. Grant. last days and it is a great and glorious principle, of record the that conversion of brings satisfaction one and joy The self, is "this that a resolve true,"and made

It believer. to the charthrows a mantle ofthe in strong of who, the days men life's his for his devote he would work ity the family. over whole human Ouropposition persecution, joined dead. and kindred

to confine does Father Heavenly endnot the Church and carried its burdens He religiously kept his resolve. less misery His children who have not been

would be both fascinating and faithinformed in the plan of life and salvation building. Perhaps no two responded Daniel H. Wells often related to and who have not lifted up their hands

the family reasons ache against It provides knowingly a why Him. wayto appeal. the same what his know To

in in blessparticipate the which they may the gospel. cepted baptism was Onefirst attracted to the gospel them of our Father, diswhich common He is ings for the salvation dead, which by instructive interesting. bewould and faithful to children. penses His

all to died withextended have who religion holy us teaches to Our of extend event than passing anIt was more opportunity out receiving of an it charity, all to knowledge, and power manimportance such when as Orson men kind. sisnot they brethren our Are in flesh. and the while declared: HePratt, Daniel H. Charles Wells, W. ters? not heritage? a Have common we

far Eternity as reaches as it does backPenrose, Karl G. Maeser, and many is not a the Father Have we common who

is chilforward, the there of not and one spirits? of Fatherothers of joined are our the not Church, Then we

dren of men that has ever lived, that now one family, brothers and sisters, and should lives, will or that live but ever become may not other? act towards so each we rerANiEL H. conversion Wells'partakers of salvation through obedience satisfaction, great should our joy be How

to those laws in the which designed God his sulted from hearing the to thankfulness Father our and in Heaven for the beginning exaltation salvation and this that recipients of the have become preachProphet salvation we on Joseph of children. His that knowledge, great place can our wefor the dead. President H. Anthon

the salvation of rock and feet upon become speakingLund, of occasion this In on one principle great he could all of people, salvation take see messengers to

Daniel Wells, said; the preservation of the sacred ties them from a low and degraded condition

elevate them to a knowledge of God. friendship orand the patriarchal and although he the of loved He told me that {Daniel Wells, Hanmer pp. 23940) der of God's Kingdom, which was they toMormons when first came Nauvoo

sympathized with in their inand sufferexemplified sealing them the of the sons the time Daniel From H. Wells

ing, yet he not impressed was with much fathers, their to every welding until link joined the of the Church daytheir until doctrines one he heard day the in of chain the gosdescent from one his death, temple upperwork wasProphet Smith Joseph preach baptism on for the dead. This doctrine gave him a pel dispensation to another. most in his mind. The broadness and

testimony of the truth and he said to himIn a discourse which he delivered {Concluded on page 229)

SomsL JJwuqhiA. ate

THE ATONEMENT By THORNTON Y. BOOTH

Former Editor of "The Y News"now in Australia with the U, S.

Armed Forces

of the great questions ofOneChristianity is that concerning the atonement.

It has not yet been given man to understand fully just why the sacrifice of Christ was necessary, nor the laws operating to make His death the key to reconciliation between man and his Father in Heaven.

This much only we feel we know that the fall of Adam—the transition from immortal to mortal status,

and the severing of his direct spiritual relationship with the Father was necessary if the plan for this earth was to be accomplished. In

some way, the atonement of Christ insures the resurrection to immortality and makes possible the resumpTHE LAST SUPPER, BY tion of this relationship with the LEONARDO DA VINCI

Father. have? We are told, "Though he

But why should a Sinless One were a Son, yet learned he obedience He had already proved He could have to go through all the suffering by the things which he suffered."live perfectly "in the world."Bethe Redeemer bore? Was it merely Must not He have learned much cause he had been in daily touch with

to satisfy a technicality of justice? more? His fellow men, He understood the

Or was there a deeper purpose? His primary purpose was to do the unhappy effects of all types of huConsider the following: Christ is work of the Father—to redeem manman frailties, and had spoken the

God of this earth. He is the Jehovah kind, which would at the same time word and set the example to enable

of the Old Testament, and the God result in further glorification of the man to overcome them. He had sucof the Nephites and Jaredites. It Father. But as He taught in His cessfully resisted the greater tempvr as He who outlined for the Prophown gospel, it is by devotion to the tations which could come to Him

et Joseph the work he would be welfare of others that the greatest only as One possessing the power have not this come. Must also blessings tocalled to do. Father, who example, The of the Son of God—for of the in the purposes been included vision, marvelous in that the worldappeared to impress that power use

spoke only to introduce His Son. It Father when He foreordained His with a great display as He might

was Christ who explained conditions Son to the great sacrifice? have impressed it had He so chosen.

and coming events to the Prophet, Thus had He lived. When He

and it is He who has given the reve- "pvEN though we recognize Christ died, He gave final example of ablations concerning the work of this as a perfect Being in that He solute adherence to His way of dispensation right to the present did no sin, it appears that He was spreading His gospel by touching time. not perfect in the sense that He had the hearts of men. At the same time

It is apparent also that He it is full knowledge and understanding He gave a further demonstration of who will judge all peoples, and that of God's purposes, and how they the obedience He was learning.

not until the present status of this were to be accomplished. "Father, Those who called upon Him to save

earth is finished, and its work comif thou be willing, remove this cup Himself by summoning legions of pleted to the last detail will He defrom me..."was His prayer in angels were met only by a magnifiliver the kingdom again to the Fathose final hours of agony, though cent silence, even though He could

ther. Although the Savior recogHe immediately expressed His achave called the angels any time He

nized He could do "nothing of himceptance of the Father's wishes, wished.

self,"yet apparently the ruling and "Nevertheless, not my will, but thine, He endured one of the most painjudgment of this earth have been asbe done."ful of slow deaths ever devised by

signed to Him with full responsibilWe can only speculate on what man. Is it out of place to suggest

ity. forces were at work to prepare Him that only after such an experience

If this be true, then would He for His task; though we see how could He understand fully the mishave been qualified to finish this they enabled Him in many ways to takes others have committed under

work and judge the earth if He had demonstrate His fitness for His forephysical stress?

not had the experiences He did ordained mission. [Concluded on page 231)

M&lSL OJflfLJPl&JlSL IN SALT LAKE TEMPLE HISTORY

By ALBERT L ZOBELL, JR of the "Era"Editorial Staff

OxPower HPhe problems of transportation, al-

A ways difficult in a pioneer era, wagon, loaded with one block of granplayed a part in the building of the Salt ite. Sometimes the rock was loaded on

Lake Temple. The eighth general epistimbers placed on the runninggear of

tle of the First Presidency of the the wagons; but generally it was on a

Church, issued April 7, 1851, read: specially provided bed, swung about a

A railroad has been chartered to extend foot below the axles, to which the granfrom the Temple Block in this city to the ite was fastened by wrought iron rods.

stone quarry and mountains on the east, for In later years, a few mule teams were the conveyance of building materials; the used.

construction to commence immediately.... On the approach of the transcontinGround was broken for the Salt Lake ental railroad in 1868, work was again

Temple on February 14, 1853, and beretarded.* One or two stonecutters

tween that date and April 6, the date set and a few workmen remained on the apart for the laying of the cornerstones, Temple Block, but many workmen the wooden railway projected to Red went to the railroad construction camps;

Butte Canyon was hurried towards and so for three years there was little completion, to be used in hauling the done on the temple.—Courtesy Church Historian's Office

Red Butte firestone rock for the foundaIn 1872, the Utah Southern railway tion. The railway, however, was never was built south through Salt Lake Was the Foundation Twice Laid?

in hauling engaged those and County, brothers, theoperated, as John, Sharp the History Comprehensive of the route which followed rock no longer were awardedJoseph, and Adam, The who in the that (V: 136) states Church of wreckage the wagwith strewn was to bringing rockthe contract of Temple

Block, used oxen. ons unable to bear the load placed on summer of 1862 the foundation of the The laying of the firestone foundathem. The rock was hauled to Sandy, temple was taken out and relaid—the done painstakingly years nine of work cars, railroad it on loaded where wastion 8, 1853, on commenced June was

said had President again. Young over City. Salt The to Lake brought and of finished 23, 1855,and to a height July

solid, but laid not stones the "were of that construction the following it year still feet eight saw beeight feet—leaving stones."He small laid chinky on were railValley Jordan and the level. Wasatch the groundlow

"to temple completed the expected spur quarries, and a granite the to Little of the Cottonquarrying way The wood granite, the material finally seof track built into the Temple Block. stand through the millennium."

lected for the walls, was in charge of The Salt Lake Temple had been unBut a statement in The Contributor

James Livingston, who had been ender construction for twenty years befor April, 1893, seems to indicate that gaged in the Red Butte quarry in 1853, fore adequate transportation facilities it was not the whole foundation that getting out rock for the foundation. His were provided. was affected:

of the laying foundation comwas The Little Cottonsuperintendency of the it interruption through temporary a meant 'Though pleted [to eight 1855 23, a height of on July the of a Church drainage welcomed power until the last man quarries continuedwood still President of the railroad. feet, Brigham coming eight feet point a Whatthe ground below obtained. for the templestone was in 1868, 10, meeting said a held public June Young level, for trenches sixteen the were dug notion prevalent at refutes City, a once Salt Lake to excavaneed noThere make was feet of the the bears weight and deep] now "isolationists"seeking that the were Mormons hills for into the cuttions to nor even empire: establish an independent structure, to vast disturbed. never having been

the not traveled think day from one "I do we granite boulders rock.the had Huge of the foundation a section came Next to

for track river a here, looked Missouri but what we fifteen in high. inches ages past, rubble and were detachedbeen work The stone railfor rails success, a could the with where be laid

to to ocean. Pacific territory the it this through road less go in carefully in selected than used was in canyon.thickly the strewn From

the found, gold the long before was This when was it the below. placed masonry was Above chisel, lowandthem, hammer, with through to territory never Mexico. went belonged We

fireflagging, a of then course and came ridges dividing the over a canon, our or worked way tedious explosives, the slow andpower

I laid; rails could the asking and where be without stone, three of of part courses which was building obtaining stone of waswork that railway really have think been the did would.. laid. fully President not Young was

if it I this; there think before had would long do andaccomplished. satisfied this of piece coarse with. masonry, little but [the Civil eruption been not some War];

the stone to which convey on it. this for people will that get the hope four after now I do As A canal during we "the and years move"

is in railroad, there people the not no wanting why deal city a great theto at begun, and of [evacuation in Salt 1857 was Lake City consideration that into will the matter take world it the that the of approach Johnston's Army] it, but laborof upon expended was at than any other but will that see it more once need wethe portion of the of community."laying susthe stone temple on was the for used completed to never bewas

in Presithe First counselor George A. Smith, And itself his fixed conviction pended, the on originally intended.purpose is said: to to reported have dency Brigham Young,

that a should mind be change made. When I in a revtold 1856. "I Washington was by was their to turned the pioneers Again

railroad.'that the to a 'opposed the gentleman the courses erend were work, resumed masons wein

difficulties. transportation solve tooxen of the ignorant told that the he be very must man that laid the rock had wall were been on

here, else theus of people of or Iwishes gave views he and It 'sixties to in sight the unusual no was taken the up, rubble removed, and work for credit of 'horn'being ox teams fond very and see four or six oxen drawing a heavy telegraphs."(Continued on page 246)

Sam Brannan and tPuL vii Theleadcommanderthe Mormonnow chosenBattalionto MORMONS

Santa from Fe to California, for disciin. stickler notoriouswhile a

pline and military forms, was nevertheless a welcome improvement overthe harshly arrogant Lieutenant EARLY CALIFORNIA

Smith. It must have been a painful

sight to the martial eyes of Colonel

P. St. George Cooke when the BatBy PAUL BAILEY

talion lined itself up for his initial inspection and assumption of command. Forced marches, scant food, Colonel Cooke's assertion that the BatSt. George Cooke, marched out of

traveling talion on foot by worn much "was worst. west. the desolate had done their The Santa Fe intosickness—all that Illinois,"from Nauvoo, marching and clothing allowances strange carried ofAssignment Battalion it Mormon is correct, strictly while this statement

by the brethren to their destitute was much worse "worn"by the foolish and orders. Its task was to open a wagon

loved ones in the Camp of Israel had unnecessary forced marches of Lieutenants utterly broke which down Dykes, and Smith specto a sorrybrought the army the prime beasts, and both and was men In Coloneltacle of rags and tatters. sickness and the of the part greater of cause

Cooke's own frank words: probably of many deaths. I am satisfied

that any other set of men but Latterday

Everything conspired to discourage the Saints would have mutinied rather than subundertaking of marchingextraordinary to the this mit oppressions2 and abuse thus heapedBattalion eleven hundred miles, for the much them. upon

greater part through an unknown wilderness, without road or trail, and with a wagThroughout that painful journey train.on It was enlisted too much by families; from Leavenworth to Santa Fe,

some were old, some feeble, and some too one noblehearted Mormon officer young; it was embarrassed by many wompersistently had raised his voice

en; it was undisciplined; it was much worn against Smith's tyranny. Lieutentraveling marching and on foot,by from ant Samuel L. Gully, in defense Illinois; their clothing was veryNauvoo,

scant; there was no money to pay them, or of his brethren, had hopelessly

clothing to issue; their mules were utterly put himself at crosspurposes with

department the quartermaster down;broken had consequently and the command

its credit bad; funds, without andwas of wrath. Through a target and become scarce. procured wereanimals were Those

very inferior, and were deteriorating every the vindictive machinations of Lieuhour for lack of forage or grazing. So tenant Smith, Gully was forced to

every preparation must be pushed—hurried. relinquish his officerial post at Santa

families [Captain Higparty with smallA previouslygins'mentioned] had Fe, or face charges of insubordinacompany, been sent from Arkansas crossing up the tion. Daniel Tyler calls Gully "a

river, to winter at a small settlement close brave, nobleminded and undeviatcalled Pueblo. Batmountains,to the The Battalion... with ing friend to the THE CALL YOUNG, BRIGHAM WHO ISSUED eightysix inspected,talion and was now BATTALION FOR THE MORMON that all characteristics the noble inefficient, ordered, under found weremen,

two officers [Captain James Brown, comgrace a model officer. He would have

mand], with nearly all the women, to go sacrificed his life rather than be unroad to the coast.* Kearny's corps,

of officers wivesto the Five same point. true to his friends.""already engaging the Mexican

the to reluctantly allowed accompanywere march, but furnished their own transportaWhen the deposed Lieutenant forces in California, had been forced tion. Gully sorrowfully rode from the to abandon wagons and finish their

By special arrangement and consent, the ranks of his brethren at Santa Fe, march against the enemy as mounted

Battalion checks—not was paid in very he carried back to Winter Quarters troops. Though classed as infantry,

Fe. [negotiable]available at Santa

With every effort, the quartermaster not only their brotherly tribute for the Mormon Battalion was to haul could only undertake to furnish rations for his noble stand, but a portion of the wagons through to the coast.

full rations in fact, of only and,sixty days; distheir alleviate the to pay army emaciated by semistar- To men salt; salt coffee,flour, sugar, only pork and in Israel wilderness. the of The stock and disease, with vation and for twenty. days,for thirty soap and To tress

venture without packsaddles would be Battalion never again saw Samuel rolling equipment in pitiable condicross- Gully. the next year died He tion, Kearny's demand order was agrossly1 imprudent and so that burden wasadded. ing Salt plains the to route en raproportions. staggering Lake of With

Valley. insufficient totally to guarantee tions priceless in his Tyler, Daniel thinned the 19, 1846, October this On hunger, against hope the armychronicle the of long march, comof ranks Colonel under command fantastic. P. of verged on the Kearny relative to:ments

2Tyler, A Concise History of the Mormon Battalion But perhaps unknown and unreckKooke, Conquest of New Mexico and California, in the Mexican War, p. 174

pp. 91. *2 3lbid.. p. 175 llbid.. pp. 187188

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1943 oned by this American commander We see some twenty men, or more, trition the men prayed to God Alstomachs, and footsore, With empty were some eternal founts of strength to one wagon, plodding Bound on mighty for deliverance. "The next

upon which the sober Mormons had Through sand, beneath a burning sun. morning,"says Lieutenant Willis,

been taught splendid to draw. of young a pair found Added "we Doctor which the Government to lean A

to stubborn and really physical cheering steers, endurance which was furnished, proves a punishment! Has

bred of hardship, they possessed a At his rude call of "Jim Along Joe,"us. We looked upon it as one of

sustaining faith which quickened The sick and halt, to him must go. the providences of our Father in

purbodies and this Both provided drove night and morn, Thus call is heard; heaven. for, we them forward

indignation stirred, then is 24 through physical perils march."that 7 December sued our would Our

incredible hardship—they finhave killed men less favored. They AndHis arsenicwe sincerelyand calomel."wish in hell, after and a ally had Captain reached Brown gospel and fed a God—which The fearful strain upon the endurat Pueblo. brethren by strength those them And when food was gone,

when canteens were dry, when ance of the men could not but show such heroic faith does man prove death was near. Within a month the itself. By November 10, fiftyfive his similitude with God.

stern, undeviating Colonel Cooke men had collapsed. Cooke, realizWhile eight days'rations were

came to realize he was commanding ing their chance of reaching Calisaved to the main army by depar- a Battalion of extraordinary men. fornia alive was pathetically remote, ture of Willis'command, it was soon

Their physical exploits are beyond ordered Lieutenant W. W. Willis apparent that not even the stretchexplanation, unless a sober accountto escort the sufferers to Pueblo, ing of providence could guarantee

ing be made of the eternal verities there to join their other invalided food enough to last the Battalion inupon which those hardy souls so brethren. A wagon was loaded with to California. At order of Colonel

faithfully leaned. half rations of beef and flour, but Cooke, every unnecessary burden

with no allowance for medicine or was disposed of. Tent poles were

Ry the middle of November the comfort to sick men. After prothrown away; muskets and pegs

army's "beef"subsistence connouncing the "blessings and promused in their stead. By thus lowertents, and sisted of those shrunken oxen

area, no ofisestheseof God"brokenuponsouls,the feveredthe Battalionbrows spreadinging the heightthem overof thea greater longer able to pull their supplywagons. Not even the entrails were marched away to leave their sick ten men could be crowded into them,

wasted. necessity pinch of The

further was onesthey might.to reach Pueblo however well withWithconsequentall the discomforts,saving in portage,with all manifest constantly by

in vain searches hardships, one *he dwindling tiny journey of Willis'comas for the rations of flour, coffee, and The1 salt. of Cooke it- d rastic, c,riticism epic in to Pueblo is an mand

consistently as nder was comm Tyler: Daniel Says: such self. lost their oxteam-one They f the to prior Smith to its shoulders ox could mired a?ainst and lay the del Our Rio now down ff. arrival at Santa Fe Battalions Norte. its the retrieved, found roads the not other extremely broke be courseWe at stern unswerving; 'was in places, sandy the and men, many while to attempting the neck sunken move \ harsh. carrying blankets, severely But he knapsacks, cartridge was tragic In the of their midst wagon. f thirtysix boxes containing (each rounds true soldier a meCooke helplessness, the of sick brethtwo of their ammunition) and muskets backs, on y as arrogant nothing norpettilyThef was

,. died, living ren rations, short, and buried alongside and on were to pull at had

1humblestul long ropes to aid the teams. The deep sand fV,the *jitrail. t+It,was,,,;.uwith *. convindictive.,. in, his attitudeT, toward,, the

alone, without any load, was enough to men in his charge. In turn, they rewear out both man and beast.... The 9Ibid., pp. 182183. Somewhat condensed spected him for his true worth. He

to eat ready that were anythingmen would rules; infraction countenanced of no

furnish ST. them nourishment, the rations COLONEL any GEORGE [COOK] COOKE shirking duty. of he tolerated no LED BATTALION ON THEP. WHO FINAL THE to issued insufficient being them to satisfy

ITS OF STAGE HEROIC MARCH.. a of one party the day hungry cravings of hunger. that time When. From -Courtesy Church Historians

it kill theon to the custom was anilittle work from 3 Office men Company E filched theymals as issue the out cargave and the mules'it for of corn and boiled rations. casses as of portion was any Nor food, as Cooke, reprimand, ordered that the animal could thrown possibly away

entire the beef rations utilized for food.be tripe and Even hides, company's8

all entrails, eagerly devoured, were and fed to the mules. the Cooke, For

in that, too, cases to without water many marching of the Battalion Mormon in. themwash bones The marrow were California a sacred responsiwasconsidered a luxury, in to issued and were

turns to the various messes.6 bility. Under command of a lesser

man, the venture might well have

Levi Hancock, the Battalion ended in disaster.

soldierpoet thus aptly paraphrased The great waterless deserts of the it in song: southwest now began falling under

While here, beneath a sultry sky. the tattered tread of Mormon boots.

Our famished mules and cattle die; To people of modernday comforts,

Scarce aught but skin and bones remain it seems incredible that men could

To feed poor soldiers on the plain. be expected to cross, afoot, deserts

thirty from sometimes to ninety lack of bread, of now forWe miles—with

less fed, rations than quarterAre a only canteen of water between expect, soonAnd for all of meat, themselves and death. Words nevlessNaught mules, to eat. than brokedown

er can adequately describe the thirstOur hardships reach their rough extremes, maddened sufferings of this body of valiant are roped with menWhen teams, men ere the south margin the of after hour,Hour and day day, by (Continued on page 230) our strength lives wear andTo away.

'Ibid.. p. 191

*lbid., pp. 180181 blbid.. pp. 236237

CfaiywvoL

By JOE PEARCE RANGER Part II (Conclusion) oa, iolcL io

SYNOPSIS OF PART I his pulled held.45. Clay my W. rifle at full cock. With my sixmorning in July, 1912, underJOHN

in full ONE at also hand, my rightI gun between I sheriffNewJoe Pearce,Mexico ridingand Arizona,the line FITZGERALDcock, the knocked on with door my left hand. receivedswooped downwordon thatthe Xunirustlersand Navahad

The clank clank of heavy spurs jo reservations and were headed for and the scuffing of cowboy boots the Mexican border with a band of I looked along the trail, using the were heard coming stolen horses and mules. With Clay field glasses.

Hunter, prospector cowboy, and and door opened. The As it did, saw a gallop.""Here he comes at trailers, with a posse Indian canny ofin that a flash had the man looked. whoI "Riding Leopoldo tells my big as "Lone Pearce Wolf,"[who

opened it had done so with his right the story] was known to the In"pinto."

set dians, to out the stock recover hishand, that his and gun on was this. verified "Your Clawson possible, and, if to the bring outlawsright side. for That lucky was me, all right, horse, another and leading justice. light, Traveling fast they andlet tell you! me trail the followed black through stolen rough horse."

Before he could even step back "malapai"country—hills—ambush him. guns your "Keep on You they where signsto the fresh found for pass of a his sixshooter, make

I'll trail. take of that side the two rustlers: lettered sixgun notched aI jumped grabbed and the him by

rifles."this "Pat,"side. an but take abandoned a your camp Usecollar his shirt, of near throat, the telltale old, prints. boot day a Near slightest the not outlaw had The leftwith hand, holding my gun deserted my ranch house they encountered

on him with my right, and jerked a Jack McDermott, suspected con-, notion we were there. When he got

him out the door. federate of the gang, whom they between twenty and thirty yards

to forced them. with go Shunning All into the trail. I stepped away his gun,"to I yelled "Grab Clay. a butchered yearling on found back, guns the our hammers were on him, its snatchedClay holfrom his gun trail poisoning, fear the posse, for of

though hungry and tired, pushed forready to fire.

incline, ward, at dismounting every corner, him around thester.We pulled

in use. ready Finally, hand for JOE ARIZONA PEARCE, 1942—FORMERstood him against the wall and rifles within stone's a the throw MogolSCOUT, LINE RIDER, RANGER, ofsnapped at him, "Where are the lon mining camp, they drew up on a RANGER, AND SHERIFF COUNTY

others?"small knoll overlooking two ranch

He just stared for a second or two. houses—and the stolen herd. In an

I guess he was so flabbergasted he JoeencirclingPearce,move,on thetheblindposseside closedof one in.ofcouldn't talk. We looked straight the houses, inched along prone on the

at him, hard. He dropped his eyes. ground to the very door. "Any word

We had him, and he knew it. you want to send to your folks?"

"One went to a ranch, a mile or Clay Hunter whispered.

two away. He ought to be back in

a few minutes. He went after a

horse."We halted them out of sight of any- "You're——lucky,"the outlaw one that might come from the adjoinwentrow—almoston; "we'vea killin'-—overjust had a dividin'terrible ingtwo ranch.with theWeoutlaw.talked a second or

the stolen stock. We'd been outa "What's your name?"

here but for that."He hesitated, "Diniscio Sanchez."

I called Baltazar. "All right for now,"I said.

"Clay, you and Baltazar take "We've got to get the other rustcharge of this man. I'm going to lers."I was thinking aloud. We

search the building. Watch careknew they had not been warned. I

ful."evolved a plan.

I hoped the outlaw had told the "Clay, you take charge here. Leotruth, but I couldn't take chances, poldo, you and Clawson come with

so I searched the building thoroughme.

ly, a ticklish job. No one else was

there. VS7e walked along the trail toward

"Where's the third man?"This the ranch from which one of

to our captive. the outlaws was sure to come. We

"He left ori horseback."hid ourselves near an opening in

I didn't press him further but the brush where we could see anysignaled to Beek and Clawson to one coming, but where the person bring the horses and McDermott. riding toward us could see nothing.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1943

His horse came to a pawing halt "we've had sheriffs, U. S. marshalls,

less than ten yards from us, surprise and special cattle detectives on our written all over the outlaw's face. trail before this. Up to now we've

"Throw up."All our guns were never been caught. All I can think

on him. I stepped closer. of now is looking through steel bars

His sixshooter was in its holster, in a stone wall, but I guess I got it in front of him, near the saddle horn. coming."

He made a slight motion. I showed him the gun Baltazar

"Hold it!"I snapped. "Let that had found.

gun be!""Yours?"

His hands went up, feeling for the "Sir stars. He stood in his stirrups, hold- "You won't be using it for a while,

ing the reins over his head with one quite a long while."

hand. He nodded.

"Shoot him down, boys, if he "You and Maris and Sanchez makes a move. I'll disarm him."I quarrel?"

took his.45 first, then his rifle, which He looked at Sanchez. "Si. If

was in a scabbard on his saddle. I we hadn't, we'd a been together, and

threw the cartridges out and secured you'd never have captured us. You're

his double ammunition belt and a lucky."

long doubleedged knife that was in I nodded then.

it. "You wanted to make the Mogollon mining camp to sell a mule to

buy chuck to get to the border, eh?"

Ol.

ONE OF UNE WILTBANK, AND PEARCE to JOE dark and beginning It was now

GUARDED THE PRISONERS MEN THE WHO rain. inside. went SHOTGUN SAWEDOFF WITH A fire furWe

nished sight enough to guard the prisoners. I sat by the door. The "Your friend at my camp, stayed

Indians took turns every hour riding with me last night."

around the 160acre pasture the Clay Hunter, who had a nose for stolen stock was in. Clawson and food, came from the house,

Hunter guarded the corral and "Here's tortillas to go with that houses and our horses. goat,"he said.

I didn't dare close my eyes. The Erachio knew Maris. He was

outlaws didn't sleep either. Sudworried. "Never catch Manuel

denly, about three a.m., we heard a Maris; him too smart,"he stated.

wail that sounded like the cry of a I took a chance. "We'll all be

baby, very faint. eating goat meat together at noon.

Maris and all."

After a thousand years of darkWe had barely finished eating ness and rain, the morning star when we saw a man coming from finally came over the Mogollon the adjoining ranch. We knew he

Mountains. wasn't Maris. When he pulled up

We built a camp fire and all and got off his horse, I asked him crowded around it. There was no who he was.

Chavez."MR. MRS. PARENTS JOE PEARCE ARE THE AND food,Wenotall evenwondered"jerky."where Maris "Teodoro OF NINE DAUGHTERS AND CHILDREN—TWO you come here?""Why have SEVEN ARE NOW SONS—TWO OF WHOM IN was.

THE ARMY AND ONE IN THE MISSION FIELD "He's the leader and the worst He looked at me kind of funny but rustler in these parts,"Clay said. answered, "I've come to see my

"You're wellheeled,"I said. "I know,"I replied. "Patience daughter; she has a new baby. That's

to there."replied. her now,"he husband "Not He pointed us."reward may

It getting dusk, Sanchez. and was we re- "Patience no fill my hungry belly,"

house, toturned the ranch where I the cry explains thought, "That Baltazar. I complained

questioned him. Just then a local goatherd came we heard early this morning."

"Your name?"to water his goats and get salt for "Clay, take charge here."

"Pat Guiterrez."them. I bought a yearling goat for Chavez and I went toward the

"You're an old hand at this rusthree dollars. small house. As we walked along I

tling business, eh?"While the herd of goats was drinksaid, "Sorry to hear about your

"Si."ing, the Indians killed and dressed daughter—we have Sanchez under

Then he made quite a speech for the goat I had purchased. I told the arrest for rustling."

an outlaw. goatherd that we were waiting for Chavez stopped, looked at me,

"You're the Lone Wolf, you're the a "friend."I described Maris. and then we went into the house.

linerider, the old Arizona Ranger, "We sure would like to know Chavez told his daughter what I had no?"where he is; we can't wait much told him. She started to cry. I

'Si, Senor,"I said, half mockinglonger."called she Sanchez. saw him, When

ly The goatherd never hesitated, I'd married an "I thought she said, 'Ranger Pearce,"he continued, wasn't suspicious at all. (Continued on page 244)

NOSTALGIA THE TEMPLE WHEN WILD PLUMS BLOOM

By Marge Stewart By John M. Freckleton By Ethel Fairfield White

of white on the green of theIsDospring,lilacsthisfoamyear, the very same at home? WhereFor ourwe eternitywere sealed SPLASHEShollow

Their purple loveliness from hedge and Is God's workshop Proclaim, like a trumpet, that April has lawn? For happiness. come.

How eager my spirit! My footsteps would

followAre iris gone? The weight of worry

It hurts me that I can't remember whether I had carried Each trail that allures me with blossoming

They bloom together. Is removed, plum.

There was a time I thought it didn't matter. Since never may our lives

their of fragrance, breath and memory's parted, A Be trees scatter plumDo wicket what may. Come petals the moondrenched eager onWhite child foambrim- open: a Swings by the all nights, the dark Of earth, creek, ming fear, I've no

birth for giftsTheir led of the path through a tunnellike I am destroys the dark, For dawn

Of leaves, new slender locust trees, new And you will rise with me thicket, lovers? When death is gone. A flowery snowdrift, and cool to my cheek.

the coversAre is that birdcall, the voice with Mingled separate our ways moment when back from peaks and holThe drawn snowOf speaking, single plotted course, to a Were lows? stroll: of our to the keyed Soliloquy mood brain I found my foolish

is for worldful ours a of beauty heart follows "WhatMy little doubts: with Preoccupied

the seeking, miracle.Each whether were you Spring came early to this As sorry now

in a flower, a face, or a soul."Revealed alien place. eternity. for That this was

I felt no slightest trace. So pondered while I should have let my Long silent... the voice has a cadence that

heart lingers,

..

RejoiceWe twoinshouldcontemplationfind alongof thethe roadjoy BeautyI lift fromrecurrent,the wrappingthough fragilewith andtremblingfleet

REPLACEMENT That from our separate ways was formed. fingers

within now, But my of plum blossoms I bought on the arms, A spray stilled By Clarence Edwin Flynn fears. You've my street.

fierce the burns worldWhile and red OfI gazewonderfilledin raptureeternity.at the lands

the flame have fed, we all With the crumblingIt is not wall TO ELDER GEORGE D. PYPER engrossesThat me at all.

By Mabel Jones Gabbott It is not the ashes gray, Lying here where yesterday our song is stilled. Your last note,

sweet, silent the clear and so brightBloomed in the great infinity; save. grave YIs whispered notOf the peace we could

And we who yet must walk with earthen

It is what Faith's hand will rear feet

Over all these ruins here, Revere and praise your finished symphony.

And the newer, better scene year, measures, or soothing In swift year byWhere Destruction's touch has been.

place: tuneful its melodious note found Each

or tear, full beats of rich The overtones Unselfish ofliving—joykindly grace,

WHAT PRICE PEACE? And lilting, chanting, always through the

By Christian N. Lund The score,soft sweet strain of service and of love.

thrilled us eighty years has song and Your price is the that man must pay forWhat more, peace? last Till the above; now note lingers—lost, is high; is high price... The

He must cease looking to the earth and Not lost! To listening hearts and souls in

lease key, Help from the sky. Death cannot still this Christlike melody.

What sacrifices must he make for this

Peace of the virgin heart?

surrender mustHe all he has... and is, PREREQUISITE torn apart be Must

By Florence Wightman Rowland By the incalculable wonder of love, self; surmounted Of cried: have men Some divinity faith in a aboveOf lonely a chose nook "We—Photograph by A. E, Smith pelf. or Power could to pray Where we Him

And read His book."

He must cast out the beam and the mote

From his eye and his soul, And some have built earth seeMust whole. Divine and as a manuscript God wrote, SPRING Their"We'vefencesneverhighseenanda childsaid,

What is the price that man must pay for By Thelma Ireland In need of bread."

peace? price high, is high... is The

selfish begins peaceFor where motives TheIt treesis veryareplainbrokento see,out with buds AndWas yetsentHisto teachSon this plan:

cease, It isn't chickenpox at all To live with God learn first

Its roots are in the sky. But springtime allergy. To live with man.

si - ScAajtL VyUtiaL

By ALGIE THURGOOD JLh:,he big, dusty door creaked tiredlyTon its hinges and

slowly opened. With a grimace, men this country raised to manhood

Esther Daley pushed past her son with such high hopes for a future of ones standing in the doorway into the peace and happiness—the

dusty attic. marching with guns, those on the sea

air! in the think So, you Jack a "I- and mess!"with and an "What

fits in better a bomber. Well, maydon't-knowwhere-tostart"expres-..."I in so, heart be too. think my sion, she slumped old an on down

"Peter, it scrap metal wasn't we trunk, midst a creaking of locks and

I for? here those thought up came a flurry dust. of new

iron old do. these beds Yes, would a mess!"eyes raced "What Her

lot just are junk, of a need and we over the of array wornout all right get can now. These we use, to enough new quicklypossessions—not are Peter; beds heavy, should they old to too given be away.

Her son, Peter, squaring his shoulmake enough for our share."

ders and stretching himself to his full Peter stood the heavy bed post fourteenyear height, followed her down with a thud. "They didn't say

gingerly into the room. 'our share,'Mother; they asked for

"What a mess is right, Mother. all we had."

lips Esther pursed prudently. her

all this keep junk?"do weWhy "I chest; that iron could nothing use do you "What mean

lost in it, 'junk'? could ever even be by fire. attic this inEverything your Father

But, take guess a wooden one I it—I boughtand married, were when we

us!"for door it to has belonged his family or will

mine. Then she saw the iron crib as she

"That trunk, there,"she continhadn't seen it before at all, old and ued, pointing with the toe of her rusty and filled to the top of each shoe, "belonged to Grandpa Daley. peeling post with memories of her

oldest son. a determination With It dates to back the Civil War—and love born of for him so far away,so does this old musket."

she pulled the crib toward the doorPeter fingered the musket with way.

disdain, the superior attitude of "Take it, take it quick before I foryouth anything outdated playing change cheeks Esther's my mind."

his features.across He here, bright smiled were and warm. "And

knowingly. take Grandpa's trunk and his old

"Grandpa and his musket musket, too. If I can give my memwouldn't stand much of a chance ories, I'll give Grandpa's, too."

against today's soldiers and an army smiled. she Then "Somehow eh,.45, Mother?""BUT MOTHER, THE CRIB, ARE...

I'm sure he'd give it."want YOU me to SURE ME TO TAKE YOU WANT I not, guess "No, Son; but GrandTHAT?"the to tarnished She handed musket his old triedpa and musket just as

her son. believe never "Grandpa'd in their tohard keep our country way while eye the I learned of mysteries in that lifetime that twice a samefree is as brother, your doing Jack, cooking with other."the fight musket America."wouldtoday, that."remember paused, her She but ran thoughts crib, the "But you Mother—arefor Esther lost the Daley had flame on: is lightyears many away How sure to that?"take you want me

of defense for Grandpa with the Australia from a mother s heart, I Peter had heard so many times the mention of Jack's name. Her eyes wonder. stories of the crib, and he was still

had discovered under the small winyoung enough to remember the lulladow an oldfashioned metal crib. Jr eter had turned from bies his Mother sang to him as he

Slowly she rose to her feet, pulling the old musket and was watching his lay in it.

her dress free from the old trunk top, mother, wary of the gathered intensBut there was a new look on his and moved falteringly toward the ity in her face, the gleam in her tired mother's face as she answered.

crib. eyes. "Yes, take it. It was always Jack's

Her eyes were strangely bright as "He wouldn't fit in it now, Mothcrib and, as you say, he doesn't fit she turned to face her son. en he fits better in a bomber."Peter in it any more—neither of you do."

"You know,"her voice was tentried to be gay. She reached out her arm to her

der, "this was Jack's crib—and Esther looked at her son, half in young son. "Jack fits best in a

yours, too, remember."It was more rebuke at the thoughtlessness of bomber, and both of you fit into my

a statement than a question. youth, but her voice was resigned heart. So, if he gives his youth and

"It seems such a little while, now when she answered, "I guess that's I give my present happiness, is it when I look at it, since Jack was in the truth; he fits better in a bomber more than fair that we give our past

it, and me watching him with one now. They all do—those young to make the future?"

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1943

cluded in the book should go a long way toward making all Latterday Saints enjoy compiling these family books.—M. C. J.On, thsL (Book, diode SYRIAN YANKEE

GOOD NUTRITION FOR THROUGH THE YEARS (Salom Rizk. Doubleday, Doran,

EVERYBODY (Emma H. Wakefield and Ramona F. New York. 1943. 317 pages. $2.75.)

(L. Jean Bogert. University of Chicago Cottam. Provo, Utah. 1941. $2.00.) HPhis autobiography of a Syrian lad's

Press, Chicago. 155 pages. $1.50.) 'T'his book which encourages intelligent * struggle to come to America paints a

'"Phese are uncertain times; every day sees * recordkeeping has many commendable vivid picture of the dream that has im-

* some definite or imminent change in features that Latterday Saints particularpelled hundreds of thousands of people all the food supply and its cost. Yet the govly will find valuable. The helpful arrangeover the world to seek out this country. The

ernment is trying to impress people that ment and classification should be conducive book should be an incentive to the millions their first patriotic duty is to keep well. to all people to collect vital material which of citizens to make this dream a reality.

Dr. Bogert's latest book is an attempt to will prove of untold value to those interSalom—later Americanized to Sam—sees

meet these conditions and to assist the ested in family data. Although this is not more clearly both the faults and the virtues,

homemaker in preparing meals that will the official form adopted by the genealogthe successes and the failures, of this great nourish the family even though retrenchical society, those who keep this record country. By emphasizing the challenge of

ment or even substitution of one food for will have all the material at hand if they the opportunity, he would eliminate the another may be necessary. The book exwish to place the information on the Church cheap and the tawdry.

plains briefly the most important facts of record sheets later. This is a book, not for a few, but for all

nutrition, so that the layman may know the The instructions and the stimulation inAmericans. M. C. J.

reasons why natural foods are more nutritious than those devitalized for commercial purposes. The mysterious vitamins are

introduced simply, and the reader is made to understand their function in human nutrition, as well as that of the minerals and other food classes.

The practical side of the problem has* not been neglected, for there are given manyrecipes of nourishing and simply prepared The Mormon Storyfoods.

This brief treatise is a welcome addition to the invaluable textbooks written by Dr.

Bogert in this field, for it teaches truthsthat all should understand—not only to prove Lore and Literature

their patriotism, but in order really to enjoy life. One must eat wisely to be—L.well.D. W. section of your library should

ADVENTURE SOUTH include these books by (Sullivan C. Richardson. ArnoldPowers,

Inc., Detroit. 1942. 330 pages. $3.50.)

Sullivan Richardson is a Latterday will be well remembered Saint who by PRESTON NIBLEY for stirring theEra readers story he wrote of the Holein-theRock. Readers will find

this book additionally stirring reading, for he blazed a trail from Chicago down the PIONEER STORIES -$1.00

two American continents until he reached

Cape Horn. His story of his adventures

and of the people he met will build for better understanding the nations. among He INSPIRATIONAL TALKS 1.00divides thirtyeight chapters, the book into

some of the titles of which will indicate the sparkle and spontaneity with which he treats his significant I expedition: Have MISSIONARY EXPERIENCES. 1.00 Hope; Don't I Just I Don't Know,No

Know; Flour and Water, Mostly; Just Send

Me Your S.O.S.

Certainly anyone who may think life it excitingdull—and many who think PRESIDENTS OF THE CHURCH 2.50should pick South up Adventure and live

vicariously for a few days in its pages.

M.C. /.

HANDS OFF! SELF DEFENSE BRIGHAM YOUNG, The Man and His Work 2.50

FOR WOMEN (Major W. E. Fairbairn, illustrated. Appleton-Century, New York. 41 pages. 75c.)

Although this book may sound a bit out of the ordinary for the pages of the Era, we have had occasion in recent years to realize that women must learn to defend themselves. This volume givessome easily learned and readily applied DESERET BOOK COMPANY

techniques to escape from situations which might otherwise prove disastrous. 44 East South Temple Street

Major Fairbairn formerly was attached to the Shanghai Municipal Police and perSalt Lake City, Utah fected his techniques. At the outbreak

of war, he was recalled to England. At

present he is in the United States, on loan "THE BOOK CENTER OF THE WEST"from the British Army, teaching closecombatforces.—M.to instructorsC. J. of the U. S. armed

Sunday School GeneralSuperintendencymbhuhehmmReorganized

P\r. Milton Bennion was sustained

as general superintendent of the

Deseret Sunday School Union, March 2, succeeding the late George D. Pyper.

He was formerly first assistant general superintendent, a position which he held for eight years.

Sustained as first assistant general superintendent is Dr. George R. Hill,

who had served with Elder Pyper as second assistant.

Sustained as second assistant general superintendent is A. Hamer Reiser,

manager of the Deseret Book store, who was for twentyone years general secretary of the Deseret Sunday School

Union. as F. Bennett Wallace was retained GENERAL THE SUPERINTENDENCY NEW child to heed the nation's clarion call OF and DESERET UNION SUNDAY THE SCHOOL treasurer,general and Wendell J. Ashto service. Center, Milton Superintendent Bennion; left, First

secretary.ton as general right, R. Hill; Assistant George Second Assistant there a sumappears 202 page On

Albert Reiser Hamer Dr. Bennion became the editor of inservices an of and Cross mary Red

The Instructor, the monthly organ dication of how they are being adjusted of the Sunday School, succeeding Elder kind may enlist in a common cause of mercy to meet the needs of the time adequately, compassion. and this position. inPyper vision, promptness, and with and

Millions in forces are of men armed of All general the board members sailing, kill marching, flying to to energy. and and released. of awere Membership new conquer. Millions of unand men Praised Foresight women Church

isgeneral to announced board be by the der international the of banner Red Official Ration by superintendency.the new relief, are to Cross administer to marching

The reorganization took place under give succor, and to save. HpHE wisdom of Church leaders in adthe direction of President David O. To make effective and successful this huvising members in years past to put

McKay and Dr. John A. Widtsoe of manitarian work, funds are indispensable away stocks of nonperishable food

the Council of the Twelve. this year more than ever before. The camhas been confirmed by H. Grant Ivins,

for paign 1943 Cross "The Red Fund"War supplies director. O.P.A. Utah The

isL. is already under the way. This D. S. Service not anMen to a surrendered are not be but become

call, roll drive for nor a membership, Tickets nualReceive Budget rations. individual's the part of Homeit but to is an appeal earning person every

A ll Latterday Saints in the armed a dollar to contribute to a great and worthy canned goods, which Welfare leaders "services are to receive from their cause. have advised Church membership to

bishops a budget ticket which will adThe Church, recognizing the services of put away, are wholly exempt from the mit them to any entertainment in the the American National Red Cross as conpresent ration law. They are considwards or branches where they are staforming to the lofty ideals and divine prinered as relieving the demand on comproclaimed the Savior of mankind, bytioned, mercial according to a letter from the ciples products whose distribution is

all its urges to contribute now membersFirst Presidency. limited. funds liberally to now more than before ever

Under the same plan, any service man succor the wounded, to aid the sick, and Bishops, Presiding may receive a guest card from bishops to comfort the distressed.... Elders Sustained

of wards for Church dances and socials. Now is the time for every man, woman, "Pish Haven Ward, Bear Lake Stake,

cards are to be surrendered at theThese * Owen D. Stock succeeds T Sherman

door. Neilson.

Centers for L. D. S. service men simiObservance of the Salt Lake Basin Branch, Big Horn Stake, Lewis M.

lar to the one at Salt Lake City are Temple Anniversary Smith succeeds Clinton N. Black.

City Elder Brigham Box First Ward, being established in San Diego andnow of the commemoration fifty years Tn S. Stake, Fred succeeds L. Peterson Harold Francisco.San * since the Salt Lake Temple was Nelson.

First Presidency Makes Appeal dedicated, a dramatic radio presentaMidvale Second Ward, East Jordan }. Sabey succeeds Henryfor Red Cross War Fund 6,tiontheof anniversaryits history willdate,be overheardstationApril Stake,Beckstead.Alfred

A letter from the First Presidency KSL in Salt Lake City at 7:30 p.m. Marriott Ward, Farr West Stake, Grant

* to the bishoprics of the Church MWT. During the week of the anWare Hodson succeeds Lavelle Butt.

calls attention to the continuing work niversary the auxiliaries will devote Ogden Fifteenth Ward, Farr West of the Red Cross and to the special their assembly programs to observStake, Charles Warren Wimmer succeeds event, 11 of the ance April a and on Lee. Earl E. in1943 launched fund campaign war

special the prepared program by Stake, Third Ward, Hyrum Hyrum followingMarch, Sunday Red Cross is of Genealogical to Society Utah Allen Earle L. Nielsen. succeeds Ether W. 28th: Februaryon in presented servbe evening Sunday Stake, Ernest Idaho Hatch Ward, Hogan

The mission of the Red Cross is to serve ices throughout the Church, with spesucceeds J. Leonard Hatch.

humanity; it fosters kindliness of spirit; it cial honor to be accorded members in Mar Vista Ward, Inglewood Stake, Earl

radiates Christian brotherhood. Wherever the congregation who attended the N. White succeeds James Anderson.

there is a wounded soldier, wherever there dedication exercises in 1893. LaCienega Ward, Inglewood Stake,

is pain or suffering on the field of battle or There will be no conflict with Clinton Ray Cameron succeeds Phillip H.

at the homefront, there may be found the regional conferences since the jubilee Hurst, deceased.

tender mercies of the ameliorating services program will form the evening servSpanish American Branch, Maricopa of this beneficent organization. ice of April 1 1 Stake, Fredrick T. Ash succeeds George J.

It is one banner under which all humanJarvis. (Continued on nage 222)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1943

(Continued from page 221 Bunkerville Ward, Moapa Stake, George CONFERENCE NOTICE

Austin Hunt succeeds Donald Tobler. "Crom the office of the First Presidency II. Assignments for April 18 Regional

Narapa Second Ward, Nampa Stake, El- *- comes this notice in addition to the ConConferences don succeeds Yorgason R. Lewis Ord.

Ridge Branch, BayJ. Stake, York New ference notice, appearing on page 224. 1 1 North Eastern Utah Region—Heber

Theodore Scharrier succeeds James R. REGIONAL CONFERENCES City, Utah: Stephen L Richards,

Chamberlain. Those invited to attend the regional conMarion G. Romney, Levi Edgar Young Manhattan Ward, New York Stake, ferences are: 12. Boise Region—Boise, Idaho: George

William L. Woolf succeeds Howard S. Presidencies of stakes, former presidents Albert Smith, Alma Sonne, Joseph L.

Bennion. of stakes, patriarchs, high councilmen, bishWirthlin Coltman Ward, North Idaho Falls Stake, oprics of wards, ward clerks, three priests 13. Bannock County Region—Pocatello,

Charles H. Wilkins succeeds Jacob Stucki. representing the priests of each ward, to be Idaho: Harold B. Lee, Nicholas G.

Ogden Twentyfirst Ward, Ogden Stake, chosen by the bishop, presidency of each Smith, M. O. AshtonEdwin Baird succeeds Ianthus L. Richards. teachers quorum, presidency of each deacons 14. Central Idaho Region—Burley, Idaho:

Glendale Ward, Oneida Stake, Asa L. quorum, ward teachers. George F. Richards, Antoine R. Ivins,

succeedsWebster A. Oleen Jensen, Richards LeGrand de- I. for Assignments April 1 1 Regionalceased. Eastern 15. South Idaho Region—-MontConferences Poplar Stake, Pioneer Grove Ward, pelier, Idaho: Fielding Smith, Joseph

1. Hall, Salt LakeErnest Snider succeeds Paul Otto Hunger. Region'—Assembly L. Richard Evans

City, Salt Utah: Albert Lake George Stake, FredRoosevelt Myton Ward, IdaEastern Idaho Region—Rexburg, Smith, B. Lee, Rich16.rich Harold S. LeGrand Perry. succeeds Musser Loyal ho: Patriarch E. A. Bowen, Joseph

ards Dividend SantaquinTintic Branch, F. Smith, K. Hardy

2. Northern UtahStake, Utah Patten Carl A. succeeds Frank- J. Region—Ogden, 17. Canadian Canada: Region—Cardston,Rufus Richards, F.lin Richard George L. Evans Watkins. F. Merrill, Clifford Joseph Young, E. L. Wirthlin Joseph South Manti North Sanpete Ward, H. Taylor John 3. ValleyStake, Stott Utah Cache succeeds Girven C. Charles G. Region—Logan, 18. Northern California Region—San Smith, Fielding Sonne JosephBraithwaite. Alma

Calif.: Francisco, Richard Lyman, R. Ivins First Antoine R. Park City South Summit Ward,

Callis, Charles A. Oscar Kirkham A. 4. Central UtahStake, Utah Elisha succeeds Glenn Region—Provo, Sabey JohnHollands. Stephen L Richards, Marvin O. Ashton 19. Southern California Region—Los

Windsor Ward, Weiser Stake, Grant 5. Richfield Region—Richfield, Utah Angeles (Wilshire Ward), Calif.:

Walter Weber succeeds Charles C. John A. Widtsoe, Nicholas G. Smith John A. Widtsoe, Thomas E. McKay

Woods. Levi Edgar Young The regional conferences as herein above Kline Ward, Young Stake, Thomas D. 6. Arizona Region—Mesa, Arizona designated will take the place of quarterly

Harris succeeds D. Dudley Jones. Charles A. Callis, Thomas E. McKay, conferences scheduled to be held either on

Samuel O. Bennion April 1 1 or April 18.

SpanishAmerican Utah: Joseph Mission 7. Nephi Region—Manti, of will the following stakes Each hold Merrill, Smith, F. F. Patriarch JosephPresident Appointed

its regular quarterly conference as hereto- K. Rufus Hardy

fore announced:ThLder Lorin F. Jones of Albuquerque, 8. Virgin River Region—St. George,

New Mexico, was appointed late Utah: A. E. Bowen, Clifford E. Young, Chicago San Luis

in February president of the SpanishJohn H. Taylor Juarez Seattle

American Mission to succeed David F. 9. Denver—Denver, Colorado: Richard New York Washington

Oahu Young A. Palmer R. Lyman, 1940. presidentHaymore, since July Portland Marion Utah: Humboldt Juan—Blanding,Lee Sister 10. San and Both the new president Nevada Kirkham A. Oscar G. Romney,

Jones, who will preside over the Relief

Societies and women's organizations in the mission, are natives of Payson, Arizona, and Utah, and also the Zuni Hawaiian Temple Head Announced

Utah. As children, they went to old villages of New Mexico. Headquarters ThDward L. Clissold has been apMexico with their parents in a colonof the mission are to be located for the pointed president of the Hawaiian

ization project of the Church. At the present at Shiprock, New Mexico, Temple at Laie, succeeding President

time of his appointment President Jones where there is a large Indian training Albert H. Belliston.

was president of the Albuquerque school, and where there are already a President Clissold, who was formerBranch, Western States Mission. number of members of the Church, both ly the first counselor, will be assisted in

President and Sister Haymore will among the white residents and Indians. his duties by William M. Waddoups,

return to their Douglas, Arizona, home. The Young Stake of New Mexico former president of the Hawaiian MisArizona, of sion, Stake and the Snowflake was second counselor to whoNavajoZuni

stakes, been have Belliston. with other President togetherMission Formed doing special missionary work among President Clissold is the first coun-

"Pollowing the recommendation of the these Indians for a year. selor in the Oahu Stake presidency, and

Council of the Twelve the First President Evans is a former counselor has been acting president of the JapanPresidency has created the Navajoin the Young Stake presidency. Both ese Mission since the death of Jay C.

Zuni Mission with Ralph William he and Mrs. Evans speak the Navajo Jensen.

Evans of Shiprock, New Mexico, as language fluently. President Belliston, who will return

president. to his home in Nephi, Utah, has served

The mission will include the Navajo as president of the Hawaiian Temple

Indian reservation of New Mexico, since April 1941.

Over 20,000 L. D. S.

in Armed Services MISSION PRESIDENTS HPhere are now between twenty and

William Left, Ralph Evans twentyfive thousand Latterday the heads new Navajo who Zuni Mission; center Saints serving their native countries,

Haymore, David F. sue according to Hugh B. Brown, coordin- F. Jones ceeded hy Lorin

right, in the Spanish ator of L. D. S. men in the armed servAmerican Mission ices. Bishops and stake presidents

have been cooperating with his office in keeping the file of every man and his last known address up to date.

(Concluded on page 239) THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1943

Fork, Utah; Glenn L. Pearson, Midvale,

Utah; Wm. Donald Pack, Snowville, Utah;

Mrs. Bonna Lue Pack, Logan, Utah; Roderick Wayne Miller, Shelley, Idaho; Daniel

Glen Maisey, Cornish, Utah; Grant Jofley,

Tropic, Utah; Ardith Amelia Hunsaker,

Honeyville, Utah.

MEXICAN Northern: Leroy Alder Archibald, DayMISSION ton, Idaho; Mavia Tingey, Woodruff,

Utah; La Meeks, Vaun Sarah Raymond,

scenes Two Alberta, Canada; Melvin Clark Maughan, from the Mexican Mission Lava Hot Springs, Idaho; George Albert

during No- a Lewis, Arizona; Alvin Mesa, M. E. Larsen,

- vember DeCalifornia; Glendale, Whiting GoodWm. cember tour by

Richard R. Lyman, Gilbert, Arizona; Naaman S. Buckman of the miller, Salt Lake City, Utah.

Council of the Twelve. Northern California: Adonna Bernice

Upper, Saints and missionaries Allen, Prescott, Arizona; Elizabeth Taylor,

following a conference at La Salt Lake City.

Libertad Branch, Pueblo. Elder

Lyman, mission president ArNorthwestern: Eva Price, Vernal, Utah

L. well Pierce, and J. Guadalupe Peoa, Marchant, Utah Thomas Mary

Zarraga in center.

Salt City Leland Henry McDermott, Lake

Lower, attractive the mission Hair, Vernal, Utah; David Vee Boyd W. at home Montes Escandinavos 2a

212, Mexico City. Clayton, Preston, Idaho; Miss June BunderDuring his Mexican visit, Elder son, St. Charles, Idaho; Dilworth E. Brinfive Lyman dedicated chapels: ton, Arizona; Bond, Ervin Mesa, Engman

Ermita City; Branch, Mexico Shiprock, Catherine Mexico; Miss New of state Mexico; Branch, Ozumba

San Marcos Branch, Hidalgo; Bennett, Raymond, Alberta, Canada.

Monterrey Branch, state of Southern: Abel Grant Weaver, Lay ton, Negras Nuevo Leon; and Piedras

Branch, state of Coahuila. A Utah; Deloris Leo Stokes, Tremonton,

number of baptisms were also Blanding, Var Shumway, Utah; Avah De

performed. Blaine Ovid, Poulsen, Idaho; Utah; M.

Luella Adams Moore, Salt Lake City; Clarence Eugene Moore, Salt Lake City; Quinn

Adelbert Hatch, Provo; Quentin J. Erekson,

Murray, Utah; Maurice A. Butifoker, Idaho Falls; Robert Dale Brown, Mt. Emmons,

Utah; James Ellwood Borg, Salina, Utah;

L. D. S. Services Weston Lawrence Roe, Stone, Idaho; James Marion Baird, Provo.

at Camp Howze, Texas Nymphus Miles Murdock, Heber City, Spanish'American: Glen Wade, Ogden;

Utah. Gleason, Park City, Utah; Paul C. Vera"poRTYTHREE Latterday Saint solHawaiian: Francis Elwood Stratford, Provo. Brown,

diers are now meeting each Sunday Ogden; Joseph John Lyon, Salt Lake City. Texas: Allen C. Williams, Salina, Utah;

at 1:O0 p.m. in the 333rd Infantry regiJapanese: Francis M. Willis, Snowflake, Ruth Marie Rickenbach, Bedford, Wyo.;

mental chapel, Ninth and Lincoln Arizona; Jay P. Merkley, Blackfoot, Idaho; Floyd D. Olson, Tremonton, Utah; MayStreets, Camp Howze, Texas. King Burton D. Bushman, Provo. dith June Long, Midvale, Utah; Royal S.

Udall invites all Latterday Saints asMexican: Rowene Robinson, Colonia Jensen, Salt Lake City.

Chihuahua, Mexico; WhetAda Atlanta, Yarn, Western: Jr., David H.signed to Camp Howze to join them in Dublan,ten, Mexico; Juarez, Chihuahua, Colonia Ga.; Benjamin Austin Tremonton, Tolman, meetings.these weekly Safford, Platte Taylor, Ernest Arizona; Searle, Shelley, Utah; Idaho; MauEarl J.

Franklin Spencer Gonzalez, El Paso, Texrice S. Liddell, Wellington, Utah; Mable E.

Missionaries Released in February, as; Alma Dayer Le Baron, Jr., Colonia Laxman, Salt Lake City; Robert V. Law1943, and Others Not Juarez, Chihuahua, Mexico; Maria Sanrence, Grantsville, Utah; Dave Martin

Previously Reported chez, Monterrey, Nuevo Leon, Mexico. Hellewell, Jr., Ogden; Robert Roscoe GarWilliams, Eschler, rett, Nephi, North Central: Utah; Vern James Dean Jay

Brazilian: Ellis Reed Packer, Ogden; Grantsville, Idaho; Preston, Utah; Walter C. Egley, Grand Le WhipRaymond, Joseph

Daniel Bird Harrison, Provo. ple, Tooele, Utah; Dilworth Strasser, MesIdaho; Charles D. Durfee, Lyman, Utah;

Canadian: James Murray Rawson, Salt quite, Nevada; Brent H. Stimpson, HeyHans W. Bolstad, Firth, Idaho; Delbert E.

Lake City; Merrill S. Orme, Biggs, Caliburn, Idaho; Fred J. Robertson, Spanish Barnes, Belgrade, Montana.

fornia; Donna Newman, Salt Lake City;

Owen Richard Henwood, Tooele, Utah: MISSIONARIES LEAVING THE MISSIONARY HOME FEBRUARY 20, 1943

Earl E. Harris, Tetonia, Idaho; Mathol Front row (from left to right): Wylene Verna Hunter, Hattie Hadlock

Dye Hale, Pocatello, Idaho; Viola Esplin, Back row (from left to right): John G. Teuscher, Don B. Coltofl, president of Missionary Home, James

Preston, Idaho; Bryan A. Espenschied, Salt C. Hansen, Clyde Gray.

Lake City; Morris Frank Decker, Pocatello, Idaho.

Central: Leo L. Sweat, Heber, Utah;

Wayne Leon Smith, Pocatello, Idaho; Lafayette Keith Shumway, Taylor, Arizona;

Zaner Wightman Ross, Salt Lake City;

Dale Thomas Rigby, Fairview, Utah; Edwin A. Jensen, Monroe, Utah; Alvin Lamond Heaton, Orderville, Utah; Hal L.

Coleman, Portland, Oregon; Keith Goodrich Case, Mt. Emmons, Utah; Lynn Bernell Bird, Venice, California.

East Central: Afton Pollock, Tropic,

Utah; Allwin W. Pierce, Wellington,

Utah; Robert Finlay Macdonald, Phoenix,

Arizona; Calvin Keith Jacob, Pleasant

Grove, Utah; June R. Bringhurst, Toquerville, Utah; Louis Blaine Boudrero, Logan.

Eastern: Eldon Robert Welch, Midvale,

Utah; Marvin W. Wallin, Tooele, Utah;

fcdiijfomL JhsL JsmfdsL (fjcdfou QonfatemsL TloiiaL "HPemples are built to the glory of the Most

High."That statement refers primarily to

TThe One Hundred Thirteenth Annual Conferthe work to be done within the buildings denominence of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterated temples. A building, however perfect in

day Saints will be held in the Salt Lake Tabernacle architecture and beautiful in furnishings, is but a conferences 6, followed by April 4, 5, and on service. desire for for a worthy The human in home

April 1 1 and 18. regional below on as listed groups people, the impelled for sacred ordinances home

The attendance at the Conference to be held in wrestling in poverty with a defiant desert, to lay

Salt Lake will be limited to the following: the foundations, and to build round by round, over

forty years, the magnificent Salt Lake Temple. The

General Authorities of the Church, Presidencies toilsome days of the builders were made glorious of Stakes, Former Presidents of Stakes, Patriarchs, by the thought that therein eternal endowments

High Councilmen, Presidencies of High Priests might be received by the living and for the dead.

Quorums, Presidents of Seventies Quorums, Presidencies of Elders Quorums, Temple Presidencies, To give glory to the Lord, members of the

Bishoprics of Wards, Presidencies of Independent Church must seek the blessings offered by the

Branches in organized Stakes, Presidents of Detemples. To build with a flaming faith, and then,

pendent Branches in organized Stakes, Presidents when the building is completed, to fail to use it, is of Stake Missions, Superintendency of Deseret folly and unacceptable to the Lord. The flame

Sunday School Union, Superintendency of Generof faith must not burn low. Every member of the

al Board of the Y.M.M.I.A., Genealogical Society Church should so conduct himself as to be worthy

General Board, Commissioner, Seminary superof receiving the ordinances offered within temple visors, and members of the Church Board of Eduwalls. Further, he should seek opportunities to

cation. labor there for the dead, so that they, if the work

is accepted by them, may also win membership in

Entrance to the temple grounds will be only by the kingdom of God. Then we do honor to the

admission card properly countersigned. The First Lord, and win blessings for ourselves and our anPresidency will furnish the cards to the presidents cestry.

of stakes. These cards will in no case be transferable. They will be issued by the presidents of The temple endowment, which we receive but

stakes to all stake and ward officers. Cards to once for ourselves, may be kept fresh in our memothers will be issued through the office of the First ory by receiving these ordinances, repeatedly, for

Presidency. our dead. This is a high privilege. Besides, to

open the doors of salvation for the unnumbered

Sessions of this Conference will be held as folhosts of our ancestors, is an urgent obligation lows: resting upon every Church member. The Prophet

Sunday, April 4: 10:00 a.m.; 2:00 p.m. Joseph declared it to be our greatest obligation.

(Sunday evening the visiting Brethren will atIt is the type of unselfish service for others which tend Ward meetings in Salt Lake City area.) lifts us into the likeness of Christ. Only then can

we stand in the great future day as "saviors upon

Monday, April 5: 10:00 a.m.; 2:00 p.m.; 7:00 Mount Zion."Empty is the life of the Latter-

p.m. day Saint who does not give some labor for those

Tuesday, April 6: 10:00 a.m. who have passed to the other side without the

blessings of the gospel.

Travel to and from the Conference Sessions should be by train wherever possible. The beginning of work for the dead is to secure

the names of our ancestors, and such vital data

Fast Meetings throughout the Church will be about them as make us certain of their identity.

held Sunday, March 28. Only then can we present them for temple blessings. Therefore, the searching out of our genealogies becomes of first and utmost importance in accepting the divine obligation placed upon us.

There should be constant and unending efforts on the part of Latterday Saints to discover their genealogies, to gather and expand them, so that temple blessings may be offered to as many as possible of those who dwell in the spirit world.

All Israel should become genealogically minded.

Thus we could do proper honor to our courageous fathers who reared temples to the Lord in the wilderness, amidst indescribable toil. And, let us

remember that there are mighty powers in the unseen world that may come to our help in our mortal /QavLe&torfk7 instructions and assignments see mission, if we meet manfully our responsibility to {For regional conference page 222) open the doors of salvation for our A. W. dead.—/.

of this long search have come convincing evidences for the reality of God. These evidences have indiligently creased as sought and more men haveEvidences and truth. existence tested respected by of God, The

all human powers, is the most firmly established fact in man's possession.reconciliations The searcher for God may turn for evidence to

the external universe, to his own inner self, andJbcv. PCoia Qan, Bul xhJbwxjL to human history for his answer.

The external universe has always been to truthloving, thinking men, an evidence of the existence

HThere is really no more important question beof a supreme, creative, directing power. David sang,

fore man. And, in the words of the Apostle "The heavens declare the glory of God; and the

his firmament sheweth (Psalms 19: handywork"to angive an alwaysPeter, ready should "be we

a 1 ); and Tennyson, modern poet added, the of reason that asketh to you a every manswer

hope that is in you"( I Peter 3:15). The sun, the moon, the stars, the seas, the hills and the plains,

However, it is useless to attempt to satisfy anyAre not these, O Soul, the Vision of Him who reigns?

one who asks this question unless he really desires to know God. Desire to know always preAs in David's faroff day, so today the heavens

cedes knowledge. and the earth are witnesses of God's existence and

Religious truth begins with a knowledge of God. power.

Once the existence and nature of our Father in Three hundred years of advancing science have heaven have been established, religious doubts revealed many of the secrets of nature. In one

soon vanish, and life's proper course of action berespect the result of the study of nature has always comes clear. Too often theological misunderbeen the same. Every process of nature is orderly.

standings come because the testimony of God's Chance, disorder, chaos are ruled out of the physireality has not been obtained. cal universe. If every condition involved in a sysIn winning a certainty of God's existence, every tem is precisely the same, the result, anywhere,

power and faculty possessed by man may be emeverywhere, today, or at any other time, will be the ployed. Observation, experimentation, feeling, same. The sun does not rise in the east today and

prayer, and every process of thought are legitimate in the west tomorrow. That means that the pheavenues to a knowledge of God. The attempt nomena of nature are products of law. The into confine the pursuit of religious truth within a finitely large or the infinitely small move in obedicompartment away from manysided life simply ence to law. In man's earnest search for truth, no

leads to confusion and mystification. In every exception to this statement has been found. Apprinciple operating in the subatomic world, are but othergifts—sensesactivity,ofmanbodyisandobligedspirit, toandusepowerhis ofnaturalmind parent deviations, such as the famous uncertainty

always increasing disappear with knowledge. The All in the methsearch for God? why not toner—soarrange acquired knowledge in an orderly manexpressions of man's incomplete knowledge, which universe a exists under reign of eternal law, surin truth is discovered used ods by which may be

finding the answer to this foremost question. passing the imperfect laws of human government.

Man knows things chiefly by their effects or by Such orderliness, such domination by law, imply reports from others. That the sun is hot he knows intelligent planning and purpose. Nothing hapby the warmth of the sunshine; that there is a pens of itself. Nowhere, in the ageold experience

force called electricity, from the lightbulb; that of man has continued order been found except as

there is a nation of yellow, slanteyed people he the product of intelligent direction. Man's every

knows from the testimony of Chinese visitors. Such machine, from the Indian knife to the highpowered

knowledge, fully attested, has the full force of reautomobile, is a product of intelligent action. So

liable evidence. The only concern must be to inconvincing has the accumulated knowledge of man

terpret correctly the observed effects. become that sober men of science, of foremost rank,

Likewise, in the search for religious truth we often declare that to them the universe appears as a know things, conditions, persons and personages great thought. The conclusion is evident. There

from their effects or the testimony of others. God, can be no planning or purpose without a mind;

who does not reveal Himself in person to all, may there can be no thought without a thinker. The

be known through His works; or through His reveuniverse, itself, declares that there is intelligent

lations to others. Jesus the Christ declared a purpose in nature, and that there must be, theresearch for truth through its effects to be legitimate. fore, a supreme intelligence directing the universe.

This is God.

If believe Father, not the of works But I do me not. my Thus, every discovery in science becomes an adif I do, believe believe not that though me, ye the works: ye

may know and believe (John 10:37, 38). ditional evidence for God. The day of materialism

is laid low. Only those who are content to gather

By this test we, two thousand years later, may facts without thinking about their meaning in the know that Jesus of Nazareth was indeed the Son scheme of things are atheists in this day of enlightof God. By this test we may know that there is a enment. "Faith in science is faith in God."(von

God. Hiigel, Addresses, page 71.)

So important is the question concerning the exThe evidence for God which comes from the inistence of God that thousands of men, from the visible world, the world as yet only feebly explored earliest times, have sought for the answer. Out by science, (Concluded on page 255)

CONDUCTED BY MARBA C. JOSEPHSON

Resolved, that we will not relax our exertions, until the evil complained of shall be dtewtouASL GREETING CARDS checked,up to witherand theundergerm,the ifscorchingpossible, raysrootedof offended justice.

By FLORENCE H. SUMMERS Resolved, that our young men, the bravest of the brave, the staff and shield of our

country, ever foremost in protecting the the justice upon executing innocent and bottle together other olive is a over or an ways good way—seven to called specially upon guilty, are hereby thoseHerein shape. bottle of use of nice fact—to empty make Watch

in saving utmost, to the themselves bits gift these greeting or cards lovely so of paper that you may exert of mothers fathers feelings of and tender the which come in great numbers to every select colors that go well together. Paste Israel whose children's lives are, and have

one so many times during the year, on the bottle with good glue and varnbeen endangered by fast riding and driving.

Easter, Mother's Day, Thanksgiving, ish, and behold! you have a lovely

Christmas, Birthdays, and on many, vase.

many other occasions. All one needs Using the same principle cover a hat That speeders still ran rampant

in this later, is evident years twentyis gold hat or a waste basket a bottle of for your ink, some box some glue, for Tribune the Salt Lake item from envelopes, or shellac, room. for yourvarnish some

August 2, 1872:maybe some pretty cord—and a heart 6. Take a frame for a lamp shade,

to make some pretty things. stretch and sew over it a very thin Our notice has been called to the almost

1. Use the same cards again for piece of cloth, white or delicately tinted. everyday custom of fast driving down

other holiday occasions. Cut a patSelect from your parchment cards two First South Street from Kimball and Lawinhabitants the of corner, rence's some by

: like inches onehalf picturestern four or the of about that you and numtwo informFifteenth Our the in living Ward.

if (different to the inches dimensions shape ber according should beby four extent it to such an that has grown ants aver stiff piccardboard. the shade. of paste the desire) of Center and Layyou in living children lives of the endanger as to

this on the card so as to include the tures on the shade, and then fit the rethat vicinity. The authorities should put

center of it. Mark and trim out. What maining bits of parchment, white or a stop to such dangerous practices at once.

a pretty card you have. Sometimes not, about the pictures. Now take a—Utah Writers'Project.

the verse will be left on the card and cord, a pretty one matching the color other times it will be cut away. Now scheme in your room, and just for looks

take your gold ink or water colors and sew it around the top and bottom of the tint up the picture a bit. Then write in shade. You may use a paper punch,

gold ink using wellrounded letters the and punch holes at even distances, and inscription you want on the card. then lace your cord through them.

will be used for Hints Payment Handy fit to envelopes inexpensive Small 7. quite of large a Sometimes number event the publication. In dollar one upon have If you be bought. cardsyour may that received. the Select are cards ones submitted, are idea the with that same two

linings, tissue paper envelopes withold like best, out, trim a and on you mount will the receive earlier the postmarked one remove the linings for relining your nice piece of white paper, or one of dollar. None of the ideas can be returned,

new envelopes. If you have other tisvery soft tinting that will match the but each will receive careful consideration.

sue paper, it may be used for the lining, dominate color in the picture. Take

for enpattern yourof a course. Cut bit picture old frame. Tint a it up an turning peeled from apples keep To flap the lining laying onvelope by it dried, gold. take has a with When salt has to which cover brown, with water

it, and around paper. ofpiece Trace with cover over brush your and brown threefourths teaspoon been added—about your over pattern lay out. thecut is Now antique Pocatelfor coloring. L. H., to Z. quart This water a of water.—Mrs.

lining. the cuttissue out The and paper lo, Idaho. effect. color the before water Now

fit glue thelining just below should cloth gets soft dry, and wipe take a pies to golden a rich pumpkin bake To bit flap. tiny a the envelope Withon it. quite of take a bit away Now to molasses of add two tablespoons your brown,

it in tip edge, upper on theof paste bring as will colors select brush, such Utah. S., Lehi, the filling.—Mrs. M.

the envelope and crease along the fold out the tones in the picture, dip your of the flap. Your cards may now be brush into them and dab a bit on the By filing music alphabetically, either by

time title author, or composition of much by for sending. areinserted. ready They there. frame here and

If selection. for Now frame your will in looking a be saved cards, greeting as be used itThey may picture. Isn't lovely? in the children home of same a number invitation. ofor cards file it to best music, be studying are may

this in 2. and manner out cards Cut that each to the according so grade music

use them as markers for gifts. child will know where to find what he is to 3. If table markers are needed for Back to a Slower Pace? use.—-F. H., Firth, Idaho.

cut hearts, as and drawsuch games early pioneers sometimes the hat, the TPhat the clean of man's sweatband a To 1, 2, as 3, figures or for manypattern rubbing with saturated cloth life rub with in a fear limb of from and went cards. the lay Cutas desired and on for serves purtwo This method is their evithe of speed maniacs day deIntensify the numbers. theseout disinfectant. as a cleaner a and alcohol.poses—as in resolution of the following denced of the use gold thesign markers by on B. Arizona. C. Mesa, E—Mrs. municipal the 1851 on committee by colors. bitink, of water or a wee

for Salt City: laws Great Lake vanilla to walwafers crushed a few Add in 4. want: shape any you Cut

will desserts for be topping nuts and you footballs, or trees, square, whatoblong, fast in driving the riding Whereas, and well as the saving at pleasantly surprised of tricity great has to leave a source annoyance sure a littlenot, become be only as at the new flavor.—Mrs. S. W., Rigby, it has, therefore, of our citizens; to most or at the side bottom.angle tab at one beIdaho.

Bend back the tab and you have a nice come the imperative duty of all marshals, sheriffs, living constables, policemen, and botputting hot Before water your awaylittle stand that will and will card place this city, in in it full council to aid the tle checking air of after using, and screw blow find in guests helping yourbe useful evil, this arresting, sides the forward in of the prevents and stopper. the by stepping This

their places at the table. with or without process, all persons guilty bag from sticking together and also keeps

5. Take the parchment or thin cards of fast riding or driving in any of the streets the stopper from becoming separated from

and cut in small pieces which will fit of this city.... the bottle.—Mrs. /. A. B., Hyde Park, Utah.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1943

ATTENTION!

L. D. S. GIRLS LIFE WITH "MNlQtfhy &&, the Borden Cow

rTfHE Girl's Lounge of the Lion

A House Social Center is open for all girls to come in and write letters, read good books and magazines, and play records or listen to the radio. Girls may

bring their friends or make new friends there, freshen up for a date, or talk to a friendly hostess.

Choruses and clubs have been formed which will prove of great interest to young people.

A special program is prepared for the girls Sunday afternoons.

"The Place Where Friends are Found."It is opened by courtesy

of the Y.W.M.I.A.

fi By Josephine B. Nichols

WAYS TO MAKE THE RATIONS REACH \\TAR time menus and recipes that are

VV nutritionally adequate, easy to prepare, and very good to eat:

Breakfast grapefruit halves cornbread waffles honey butter bacon curls milk WHV PRECIOUS.'DON'T VOU WANT PAPA TO HAVE EVEN LunchBox

stuffed egg A DROP OF YOUR BORDEN'S EVAPORATED MILK?''

-whole wheat bread and butter sandwiches (c) Borden Co.

olive and nut spread sandwiches apple cookies cocoa in thermos Dinner vegetable juice cocktail Mexican chili eadliners cabbage and celery lime gelatin salad

Boston bread brown orange coconut butter:N AMERICA'S KITCHENS tapioca custard

Cornbread find you'll these faappreciated, food is Waffles Wherever good 1 flour waffle cup offer the utmotjr Products. They Brands mous Standard

1 yellow cup cornmeal 1 egg quality and dependability, and they help women 2 tablespoons melted fat to plan budget meals. No wonder, then, that

Yz cup evaporated milk grocers give them frontline display space, and

Mix1 cuppancakewater flour with cornmeal. Beat recommend them wholeheartedly!

<egg, add melted fat, and blend thoroughly. *ROYAL GELATIN DESSERTS

PUDDINGS *ROYAL milk and waterAdd and wellmixed when GELATIN SALAD ROYAL ingredients dryadd beating batter until BAKING POWDER *ROYAL.smooth. iron. Bake in a hot waffle YEAST FLEISCHMANN'S

Mexican Chili 'Order through your jobber meat \y2 pounds (beef and pork) Products of cut in small cubes t x/2 teaspoons fat Standard Brands 1 cup celery, chopped Incorporated

Yi cup onion, chopped Yi cup green pepper, chopped 1 No. 2 J/2 can of tomatoes (1 qt.)

1 cup rice AY teaspoons salt Yi teaspoon pepper 1 cup water cups kidney cookedIYl beans Do you want to know how to plant a victory garden 1 chili teaspoon powder Brown meat in hot fat. Add celery, or learn how to bake better bread?

onion, green pepper, tomatoes, salt, pepper, Send Cards or Letters in Separate Requests with Your Name and Address to rice.and water. to boiling and Bring point. THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

for*Cover and simmer one hour. Add Salt Lake City. Utah kid50 North Main

(Concluded on page 228) Like COOKS'CORNER Home -Grown (Concluded from page 227) Orange Coconut Tapioca Custard

1 egg 2 tablespoons sugar Vegetables ney15 minutes.beans andServeschili 8.powder, and cook for. 2 cups milk

Boston Brown Bread 1 package orange coconut tapioca pudUtah's 1 cup allbran cereal Beatdingegg well; add sugar and milk, then

1 cup sour milk or 1 cup milk plus 1 add slowly to tapioca pudding. Cook over

until boils. mixture low heat from Remove tablespoon lemon juice HomeOwned heat. into glasses or serving dish. Pour raisins 5 cup

y cup molasses milk.Chill and top with whipped evaporated

Evaporated Milk 34 cup sugar Whipped Evaporated Milk 1 cup flour 1 cup evaporated milk 1 gelatin teaspoon Tastes Better! 2 cold teaspoons water y1 teaspoonteaspoon saltsoda sugar 2 tablespoons

Sift flour, add all dry ingredients. Mix y teaspoon vanilla

well. Combine molasses and sour milk; Soften gelatin in cold water. Dissolve

add to the dry ingredients and mix thorgelatin over hot water. Add dissolved

oughly. Fill greased molds about y, full. gelatin to milk, (have milk chilled), whip

Cover tightly and steam for three hours. until stiff. Add sugar and vanilla.

x 'K, *>. **. 4 >/ TEMPLE RECOLLECTIONS

(Continued from page 199) T-Te was an old greyhaired manVfV* through their ox staples as if they taking life easy when I called were matches. Well, it took us about on him in 1941. I had been up to

an hour to get them back and some Marker 49 at the mouth of Little new staples made, but say, when Cottonwood Canyon and read there

Joe spoke to them again they stepped a statement that was not as I had;#. right out and, to use an expression heard it many times before from oldof today, went into high gear. timers who apparently knew. This

"What did Brigham say? Not man, I had been told, could give me

It's mighty satisfying to eat one durned word. Went away holdthe information I wanted.

vegetables from your own ing his sides and laughing.""Did you work at the quarry up

Victory garden, and to use * * Little Cottonwood?"I asked.

T-Jow many living today remember "Yes, I went to work there when Morning Milk—both homeowned products, born and ple wasthe time,dedicated,shortlywhenafter hundredsthe temelevenBishop yearsJohn oldtookandcharge.went onWasas

raised in Utah! of seagulls flew around above the water boy. Stayed there till the last

<gcity, hovering over the temple in rock was hauled away. Why?"

particular? After they had flown "Well, some think the rocks were

You Can Taste about some time did you notice they hauled on large twowheeled carts.

lighted on the spires and almost Is that correct?"

Its Finer Flavor! everywhere atop the temple? "No. No, that's not right. You

I saw the sight and like many see, we used to load the smaller others stood in silence. No one ofstones on wagons, but the big ones

fered an explanation and nobody we hung under them. We'd been

MORNING MILK askedstood, stared,for one.and Everyonewondered. simply... werehavingheaviera terriblethan mosttime.menThethought,rocks

and many a wagon broke down.

WOMENHATEME/ I'M V-U-S-T/

rn

Temple Recollections

Then one day a brother of Bishop

Sharp drove up there with a whole string of heavy freight wagons.

Some three - and - three - quarter

Schetler and some highwheeledgovernment ones. On those high- **"&*wheeled wagons they put two long Check these inexpensive shortcuts to make Wmm.

pine logsred them and chained to your housecleaning efficient, easy, quick.. BJiElH

bolsters.the front Then and back

when the men had a rock ready the loaders would put some red pine WOODWORK Cleaning is quicker, simpler—with this mild,

neutral cleanser. grime, grease, Whisks awayrollers, six inches and through about UPHOLSTERY fingerprints. or Can't upholharm paint,five feet this rock, long, and under stery. Brightens metals, fixtures, too RUGS—lamps,rugs,

with smaller poles as levers they door knobs. Fine for tile, porcelain, even leather.

would roll it to where the wagons TRIMMINGS Try it on your next cleaning job—big or small.

could be loaded. Now, they would FULLER WASH & CLEANER

get a wagon astraddle this rock, dig some holes for the wheels, and sink it till the top of the rock touched the Special cleaners save you time—if you're doing PAINTED WALLS

things. off easily, painted Dirt quickly. comes logs. the of theybottom would Then PAINTED in ask paste, or ALL Cleaner for Paint Just powder, in thechain it place and oxen when liquid paint, form. to to Gentle harmless hands. SURFACESstarted, poles the rock the under

would roll a little, and as soon as the FULLER PAINT CLEANERS wheels got out of those holes the freerock swinging under was - the WALLPAPER for it's instant use, Ready easy Fuller and use—logs."Cleaner. Wallpaper Comes in handy "dough"WINDOW SHADES that done. form. it was how was And gently a handful across Rub your walls and—- it dirt, picks presto, carries out it along! No

Conversions mess or bother. Few cents does average room.

(Concluded from page 211) FULLER WALLPAPER CLEANER beauty of this great doctrine of salFREE BOOKLET: Ever think of repapering?

vation for the dead made a direct You can do average room yourself for as low as and powerful appeal to his compre- $3.00! Full directions, in our Free Booklet, "Rehensive mind and to his magnanipaper Your Rooms Yourself—This Simple Way."

mous soul. He joined the Church because he wanted to be one with those the to glass Does Things modern way. No soaps WINDOWS > needed, no buckets, Fuller water. Glass nohe loved. Just

For nine years he presided in the Cleaner—nonabrasive, harmless. Spray windows, MIRRORS

Endowment House in Salt Lake City; mirrors,Glass shinespicturesinstantly!and rubNexteasilytime,withtry it!soft cloth. PICTURES

he offered the prayer of dedication at the completion of the St. George FULLER GLASS CLEANER

Temple, and was president of the time theManti from Temple it was FURNITURE Looking for a quick supershine? This polish until his indedicated in 1888 death is it! Nonoily, nongreasy, won't collect

1891. You'll do a firstclass job on your finest pieces—dust.

When Daniel H. Wells was apwith no extra work. (And for the best results,

insist Fuller Polishing on Cloths. Specially wopointed to preside over the Manti

soft as scratching, lint.) down—no no

inTemple, years ven, he was advanced and impaired in health. This apFULLER FURNITURE POLISH & CLOTHS

pointment prolonged and sweetened his life.

What other work is there that can Saveeven easier,waxingan timeelectricwithpolishera weightedgoes twicebrush.as fast!Or, WOOD FLOORS

so profitably occupy the time and Many Fuller Paint Dealers will rent you brush LINOLEUM thoughts of men and women as they or polisher at little cost.... On the job, use Fuller TILE

approach the end of life's journey, as Wax—liquid, paste or "selfshine."(Reminder:

work for their kindred dead in holy waxed linoleum's easier to clean, wears longer!)

temples? How delightful that this FULLER POLISHING WAX

venerable leader should spend his last days in the tranquil shades of the temple doing work for those who had gone before him. When

he reached the other shore, he doubtless stood among the honored dead for whom he had officiated as a savior upon Mt. Zion, as the

distinguished son of their race who had brought freedom and opportunity to all who would accept the truth.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1943

THE DESCENT OF THE GOSPEL WHAT ARE WE (Concluded from page 210) ingly called "sons of God"{Book of (D. & C. 107:45). Adam bestowed a Moses 8:12, 13).

SIGNS OF THE TIMES? special blessing upon Enoch when he Jacob and his family (70 persons)

65 years of age, was the year that his journeyed to 2238. Egypt A.M. The Order Joseph Fielding Smith's son, Methuselah, was born. Israelites the exodus of from Egypt, book—and be informed—$1.25 The chronological records in the fifth under Moses, was A.M. 2453.

chapter of Genesis have likely come to us from Moses back to Jacob; from Noah had cooperation in his gospelthe proclamation during he 350 years back from to Abraham, AbraCO. Jacob and THE BOOKCRAFT

after lived his son, deluge, the from as teported to him and ham by Noah P. O. Box 83 Shem, Saand further from Arphaxad, 1:31 (See of Shem. Book Abraham

Salt Lake City, Utah and 3:1.) lah, Heber, Peleg, Reu, Serug, Nahor

(Terah a worshiper of idols, became lived the delbefore 600 years Noah ); further so he cannot be counted from uge, after years 1656, and 350 A.M.

> theShem,deluge.Noah's second son, lived 108 Abraham(20061948).during a period of 58 years "Warn*... MAPLEINE years before the deluge and 502 years Shem had cooperation from the same makes it better! after the deluge. men, his own grandsons after Arphaxad,

faithful the all remained named son, men Shem's Arphaxad, was born 2 if in of life service; his years God's after and deluge. the JUST add 1 teaspoon of years

Mapleine to the iugarThe patriarchs were born in direct reached down to Abraham, Isaac, and crumb topping. Mapleine line from Noah, with given birthrights Jacob. Patriarch Jacob was born A.M.

brings out the flavor. from father to son, not always the oldest 2108, and Shem, 610 years old, died

< son.and HamJapheththe youngest.was Noah'sJaphetholdest son,was A.M.old at2158.the timeJacobofwasShem'sexactlydeath;50 yearsand

4*&0ti(y...MAPLEINE born 150 years before the deluge and most likely these four great men, Shem,

makes it better! wereHam 100assistingyears theirbefore.fatherThewellthreeinsonshis chizedekAbraham, withIsaac,them,and hadJacob,knownand Meleach

ACCENT the natural meat work before the deluge and are praisother most intimately.

flavors with a few drops of Ma pleine in the gravy.

It's easy and delicious. SAM BRANNAN

{Continued from page 215) tensive cattle ranches, Apache depreGila River at last was won. When dations had driven the land again back

canteens were dry, when it seemed to wilderness. Through absence of

beyond earthly hope that human flesh human contact the cattle herds had recould endure to the next waterhole verted to a state of wildness along out would come picks and shovels, and with the land. In viciousness far exwith the last ounce of strength, the deceeding the native buffalo, great herds

lirious men would drive wells to the of longhorned bulls roamed the land subterranean sources of this precious—in dangerous readiness to do battle

necessity to faltering man and beast. with any sort of intruder.

These wells and the wagon road, comFirst intimation of peril came when attacked the as suddenly by was army suffering, ing at price a such in human MAPLEINE, flavor of uses, a thousand foe as might a any footsoldier awesome its in later nation a served westward to brings new appeal dish. many a against. of care to stand In a cloud Pacific the migration to expansion and

It's a grand seasoning for main dishes. slopes. But to those wretched souls of dust, amid a thunder of hooves, the

It has a magic way with desserts. the Mormon Battalion, many were the ragemoaning beasts thundered into the

upcolumns. marching were Wagons specter the dark of death days when And of course, it's America's "numbermules gored, and bedlam itset, men and faith asserting faced alone with was

one"flavor for hotcake syrup. So self in agonized prayers to God for deruled until volleys of musketshots fineconomical, too. You'll find Mapleine liverance. California was the goal ally dispersed the charging beasts.

at your grocer's. Buy a bottle tothe restful haven. Roped to wagons, /olonel Cooke, after patching up

loss of battle, next scars day turned morrow and discover a flavor treat. maddenedragged, shoeless,with constanthalfstarved,thirst, the Morand to* gain ordering a hunt. Dryingby

mon Battalion somehow dragged itself frames were built and loaded with across the lethal wastes of the great strengthsustaining beef. And when

southwest.MAPLEINEIMITATION MAPLE FLAVOR Nor were its functions as a military thePedroBattalionCreek, atforlastoncedepartedits lardersfromwereSan

for syrup for flavoring unit allowed to be forgotten in the grim stuffed with food.

battle for selfpreservation. The preFrom this point on to the margins of

sidio of Tucson was assaulted by these the Gila River, the grim battle with

of of the States United the name Amerlot. ren's daily the 22, December On LOS'men, and taken from the Mexicans in desert thirst again became the brethica. foe, the than the Other common last at suffering the Gila reached army, ANGELESF a R EM D.5T. N DteW &dK< thirst, perils constant starvation, of and friendly succored fed in a and and were

narfaced a ALEXANDRIA army many disease—the village jourIndians. of Piman The RATES. B.JOSO least the death. FROMTROM escape from row Not trylikewise downriver a ney proved DOWHTOWS - S3. OAJtAOl.DOUC1.ESINGLE

its of these "battle the of wild was for ing one now 9 Mules—by Recognized in bulls."Utah Headquarters of to useless only "bags thebones"—weremen. Los Angeles Along Creek, San Pedro once where the which heavy wagons Cooke draw

Director V. SMITH. CLAYTON Managing settlers the Spanish maintained exhad into Calihaul to determined seemed of Salt Formerly City Lake "Ibid., pp. 219221 fornia—though it cost the heart and

Wartime SAM BRANNAN shovels, theysoul picks and ward. of every under his With command. man MENU IDEAS hillsides. crowbars carved the theSo, with With stamina burdenbeyond

beasts, the men dragged the wagons and gunpowder, they hewed a way From My Table to Yours!

living supplies rock. throughforward. Food

Light Lunch: Quick

it exhausted, while again and that the were deHere commander was cotof creamed bowl a de- A for needed Diego on tail rodevised ingenious, to San a plan which, while tage cheese with topped came near proving disastrous. By lashbeef, both men and dying mules subgenerous spoonful of Teaa

ing a number of wagon boxes together, sisted on mesquite pods. The conquerGarden Preserves.

a crude raft was formed, launched on ing of that last and longest desert should

Split Victory Shortcake: warm as forever to Gila, held man's a trithe be gaze reprecious with loaded and

biscuits, shortcake butter spread and of coupled physical endurance, stores.maining food plan umph was The

or other Tea Strawberry PreGarden faith float that allow withto a the no would barge downriver by day; deserves halves top. between Serve on and

tie it up at night. But the barge floundfeat. with topmilk—and you'll have a new

ered on a sand bar, and the army moved On January 21, the Mormon Batlonging for shortcake.

on to the juncture of the Colorado talion camped on Warner's Ranch. And

uncertain as to whether they would how the hungry brethren feasted themFrosted Grape Cocktail: Try this

ever taste staple food again. selves on good beef, raised by that as a refresher for lunch or party: Comparts of bine chilled equal Tea Garden settler strange next they from Yankee At When

ale. Concord ginger Juice Grape and

itcraft, 10, the last they'd reached January was Massachusetts!California—but saw1847—andthe it is glasses in the to which be

theirthing small entry near resemblance bore Lieutenant empty. was first to Frostserved the dipping in rims by lemon

Stoneman had been forced to unload that of a conquering army. Their juice and then in powdered sugar.

the meat and flour in order to float the clothes were rags, their feet were bare

LUNCH BOX LUXURYcontraption downstream. While the and bleeding—but Kearny could never butter Peanutarmy raftferried the Colorado, a dedeny they'd brought the wagons Tea Garden CurrantandJelly

tail of men was sent back to recover through! Sandwich on Boston Brown Bread

these lost supplies. But no time was allowed to the beckHam and Cheese Sandwich on Rye Bread

While engaged in crossing the Colooning civilized comforts of Warner's Deviled Egg Carrot Sticks rado, news came of a Mexican uprising Ranch. A courier had brought fresh Orange Molasses Cookies Milk

in victorious against the California rebellion from Kearny. had news The

off tops plain Surprise Cakes: Cut

it with. an urgent with dealt successfully BatAmerican been The army—and cakes, in cup a small hollow make each

for haste. talion Battalion the to Diego.appeal upon to proceed San was fill the hollow and with Tea Garden

Cooke sped his ragged troops on forced After a thorough drilling, to sharpen Preserves or Jelly. Replace tops and

march toward the scene of conflict. But up the military aspects of his command, frost cakes.

not even these exigencies could induce Colonel Cooke ordered the march.

the stubborn colonel to abandon the And then, after a week of steady o Sunday Evening Waffles: Ever

to as serve to stumped what Sunday its first he'd objective plodding, nor the primarywagons, the upon army came evening? to the Turn evening Sundayset his sight Pacific accomplish. to of the Kearny hand Ocean. On January waffles. standby serve with them And—of cutting the a after Battalion, the through 30, 1847, orderedhad Mormon syrup Garden with—Tea Drips—the deterCalifornia. longest history's to infantry march,road was Cooke delightfully the different flavor

mined Kearny should have that road grounded arms in the courtyard of the makes hotcakes and waffles S-I-N-G!that

and with it some wagons as evidence in Roman Catholic Mission of San Diego. P.S. You don't have to wait 'till Sunday.

proof. It was fitting a church should have

So the men continued rolling those been their first haven of rest! Tasty Toast: Spread strips of hot,

cumbersome rickety contraptions for- (To be continued) serves.butteredSprinkletoast withwithTeacinnamonGarden Preand

serves are bubbly. Serve for breakfast, THE THOUGHTS ATONEMENT SOME place under the broiler just until preON afternoon or tea. (Concluded /rom page 212) strates that death must be the lot of lunch

Apparently as a further test, even all, no matter how well we live. It Festive Floating Island: Combine 4

slightly eggs, sugar, beaten cup and 1 % is of contact with step in progress, His FaHis feeling a necessary our stir salt in gradually 1 quart for realizether to from Him, and was withdrawn we have come that hotteaspoon over stirring hot water, cook; milk;

He cried, "My God, my God, why death is no tragedy to the righteous constantly, until mixture coats metal hast thou forsaken me?"He was individual, however much his loved spoon; add 1 teaspoon vanilla; pour into

left there with His own strength ones may feel his loss. serving dish; chill. Beat 4 egg whites

in 1 glass beat; gradually Tea

Jelly (or anyonly to sustain Him. There were no And we may learn also that often Gardenuntil stiffCurrant Tea Garangels to comfort Him, no word great suffering is in store for the best den berryflavored jelly); heap mixture

from God to encourage Him. He of God's children. The Lord reon top of custard; chill and serve. Chilwas the Lord of the earth, but He minded Joseph Smith of this fact, dren love this.

was hanging there in agony because and the reason for it when he was

His chosen people had rejected Him. chafing in Liberty jail.

The suffering He must have exAnd finally, as one more demonTEA perienced in taking upon Himself stration of His fitness to judge, as GARDEN "the pain of all men,"in understandone more assurance that each of us QUALITY ing the sorrow that must come to will be rewarded for our accomplishPRESERVES "B-P"JELLIES. SYRUPS

the vast numbers of His people who ments or our shortcomings with full GRAPE JUICE. MARASCHINO CHERRIES

from the beginning to the end of the justice, unwarped by any heat of SWEET PICKLED AND CANDIED FRUITS dispassion, matter great the had disobeyed and wouldworld no how PRODUCTS CO. ofTEA GARDEN that exsupremeobey His have commandments, was likely fense, we

greater than His extreme physical ample: In the first full intensity of SUCH A BIG DIFFERENCE IN QUALITY..

torment. But He endured to the His agony upon the cross, "Father, SUCH A LITTLE DIFFERENCE IN PRICE!

end. forgive them,"He said, "for they

The atonement further demonknow not what they do."

FIELDING PRIESTHOOD SMITH, MELCHIZEDEKCONDUCTED COUNCIL BY THE COMMITTEE OF THE OF THE TWELVE—JOSEPH

A. CALLIS, Q. F. MERRILL, SYLVESTER B. LEE CHAIRMAN; CHARLES A. WIDTSOE, JOSEPH CANNON, AND HAROLD JOHN

the of to committee, given should a project quorums do the Welfare twoSialuL Qowwritt&SL is is things. It to steps, the to immediate should take Priesthood be assigned and

New Priesthood Assignment Church Service committee, and it is if it has not already done so, to produce its deficiencies that the part these of be assigned as commodities hoped may it fifty will 6, April years 1943, beC\& Society welfare Genealogical the budget. 1943 overcome. Churchwide Thethe the of dedication time since of

It inof furnish detailed will conditions also the pleased survey to should be is It Salt suggestedthe Temple. Lake his of in rerelation struction the family to keeping with and each member

is for this thethat time a good members his of these records. to the food source supply spect

activitheirof increase to the Church action for winter, take then next and instructions sugforegoing and Theties in research, the genealogical comthat supsee to food adequate an now the presented gestions with are approvtheirpiling labors family records and of is assured. ply done This be may al the of sanction AuthorGeneral and theirin in of the dead. behalf temples

ingardens through welfare grown by ities of the Church.

It is that the further suggested Melgroups. or important dividuals by The Committee Priesthood Melchizedek the ofchizedek Priesthood quorums will, is thing production. quorum The

Church receive this labor as a quorum By Joseph Fielding Smith of course, determine the method.

project, which could be assigned as an Chairman activity under the direction of the

Church Service committee of each quoQlo&A* QjnAlhwdtwfL rum. This committee, under the superQiwulwl OffliatM*

vision of the quorum presidency, is to HpHE current lessons afford an unusual be instructed to encourage, strengthen Officers Must Meet opportunity. From an historical

and teach the members of the quorum HFhe effective administration of quorviewpoint April is one of the most imin this great responsibility which the A um activities depends upon the preportant months in the history of the

Lord has placed upon us in behalf of paredness and efficiency of its officers. Church. It marks the anniversary of

our dead who have died without the The quorum will be benefited or held the organization of the Church and also knowledge of the gospel. Men who back, depending upon the seriousness the beginning and completion of the

are skilled in the art of research should with which the officers assume their reSalt Lake Temple. It recalls the estabbe placed upon this committee with insponsibilities. Therefore, officers are lishing of the Church with its six memstructions to assist their fellows in the again reminded to hold regular council bers, its growth in the face of persecucompiling of their genealogical records. meetings where quorum work will be tion, physical suffering, poverty; the

Each family should prepare a family thoughtfully and prayerfully planned migration of the people westward under record written upon the standard Famin advance. most trying circumstances, the settling

ily Group sheets so that it will be in of the Saints in the Rocky Mountain harmony with the records prepared for Monthly Meetings Are Essential Valley in 1 847. After only three years

build it to a decided (April was 1851 that requested It is also work.temple Priesthood quorums ITelchizedek Salt was Temple temple. Lake The) chart a pedigree prepare familyeach

in should, that groups meet ward cost at of a built in face poverty the is it as far as tree family theshowing their possible, as far regular as hold these dollars. of All million of four it. this In recordpossible compile to

to meetings. Failure monthly quorum of appreciative us tend should to make life the also recorded bethere should unity and do this will quorum weaken its as well as the Priesthood and power chilfather, mother, andstories of the

its opportunities great the and Church interest the integrity. to of picturesdren with

family group. Certificates of blessings, for growth and development.

baptisms, and confirmations, and ordin- A splendid time is at hand this month ations, marriages etc., may also be (pAA0twL WsdfrVlSL for us to draw from examples of faith,

sacrifice. devotion and this record. inplaced for the Personal Suggestions

reference ( Special: The House of the quorum Each member should be enWelfare of the Monthly Department

to a Book of Rememcouraged make rePriesthood Leadership Meeting Lord, Talmage, chapter VI) genealogical begin somebrance and with "D eginning 1942, line. the November in the family Geneasearch The

issue of will the Era, apQiwiiwL Qju& there havelogical be Society happy of Utah this in in the Personal family or peared person, assist Welfareto any Should Ordain Men colWho the responsiof as to (a) the geneacompiling umn suggestionsgathering and Office of Elder? to the

bilities Personal of the search Welfare comrecords.logical A preliminary

will be undertaken for any person for mittee, (b) who has the responsibility HPhe Melchizedek Priesthood in a a nominal price. Particulars regarding for, and custody of, the Individual Recstake is under the jurisdiction of the

this and other research may be had by ord of Quorum Member file (the card stake presidency. The office of elder

corresponding with the Genealogical was introduced in the December 1942, in the Melchizedek Priesthood is,

Society of Utah, 80 North Main Street. Era ), ( c ) the method of putting into therefore, conferred upon a man by the

The importance of recordkeeping operation the Individual Record sysauthority of the stake presidency. If

has been neglected by many members tem, (d) how to obtain the cards, and the stake presidency are personally unof the Church. Each person should (e) the value and use of the card file. able to perform the ordination, they

have a record of his own vital statistics, With these preliminary steps taken, may call upon others to do so. Presuch as date and place of birth, blesswe are now ready to consider specific ferably the ordination should take place

ing, baptism and confirmation, ordinaprojects. Pressing for immediate atin an elders'quorum meeting. The

tions, mission appointments, marriages, tention is the securing of food for use stake presidency may authorize the etc. It is deplorable that so many memduring the winter of 1943 and 1944. presidency of the elders'quorum to orbers of the Church have no data in reAbout this problem every quorum and dain men who have been called to the

gard to these important matters. This quorum group, through its Personal office by proper stake authority.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1943

Qhwudk, Ssuwiol Ward Teaching (Continued from March issue, page 169)

TPhe Church Service committee in its

A program to promote Church activity of quorum members should give thoughtful and studious consideration to the matter of ward teaching. During

the war period, when the membership of the Church is shifting from one locality to another, the work of the ward teacher is most important. His task of

making regular visits and reports is vital to the wellbeing and the spiritual security of the Church. Families moving from place to place without the ACTIVE INGLEWOOD STAKE MISSIONARIES (CALIFORNIA)

bishop's knowledge may easily become lost to Church influence and direction. More than a million persons are arrested

Quorum members should be prepared for drunkenness every year. The human

in only expressed alcohol, as from wastageto their responsibility assume "to watch of earning power destroyed or Stake Missionary Work diminished the calledover Church,"upon when billions a is less twenty than not drinkers, Receives More Emphasis so. to the bishopby do Pollock, York Horatio year. (Dr. M. New

A study of the spiritual needs and **T AST month we held a very successState Department of Mental Hygiene.)

the moral and economic conditions surful Stake Missionary conference A twelveyear survey of psychiatric rounding the modern home as a field for at the Inglewood Stake House. problems, conducted by Dr. Neil A.

Church activity is a proper assignment "Our group is functioning nearly one Dayton, was announced as showing for the Church Service committee. Such hundred percent in spite of certain warthat "more than onefifth of all United

a study would reveal the importance time restrictions, dimouts, etc. The States mental patients are alcoholics."

and the broad purposes of ward teachconference was attended by representa-—Allied Youth

ing. The urgent need is a close, fretives of the stake presidency and bishquent, and friendly contact with the oprics, who have pledged more misEconomists Report

year. for sionaries the new unit.family conscienCapable and raising in the factor as a Discussed brother, Sincerely yourtious teachers should developed be ward in 1941 spent the sum taxes of was war Simpson, L. Robertin their for the quorums, duty prime altheir for consumers American President."by Mission Stakeis is in that iniquity see there "to no fully four It reached drinks. coholic

the Church."billions, according to the testimony of

NOLIQUOR-TOBACCO alcoholicfederal officials.drinks Taxand expertsgamblingmentionedas theGenealogical Research

in spending wild of much COLUMN beneficiaries A new project for Melchizedek quotax unless measures defense centers, * rums is that of genealogical rewere provided to drain off the extra search, which has been assigned to the Science Speaks dollars of income that would be wasted direction of the Church Service comTn the last weekend of 1940, and again in such expenditures.

mittee. (See notes under Stake Comof 1941, meetings of Department of the Treasury * in November A report

232.)mittee, page million scientists five dealt more and four hundred research men and showed

seriously and frankly with alcohol's gallons of whisky in bonded storage at

SoxuoL &VyUAadIanMJUA. blightingmost of useffectshad thoughton Americanthey couldlife thanor thefive endpercentof October,greater than1941.a yearwhichearlier,was

higher than seventy percent about andSociability Hints for Recreation would.

in 1914. quantities the stored Listen to some of those statements of

"Delaxation through recreation is a these past twelve months, uttered by worthy measure to balance the men who weigh their words and who Safety Specialists'Survey sensationalism: shrink from long of serious hoursstrain and of work reCouncil's Safety National The Plan production psychologically demands. alcoholwhich effect of chief war The than that established more in 1941 ports Merrill efficiency. fill (Dr. is it ofit reduced that will that its purpose carefully so five involved in every fatal accident one Schilder.) after Dr. Paul Moore, bestto advantage. the pedesdriver a drinking or a drinking drinking for be met Social pressure must

1. See that all are acquainted with each by social means and social reeducation, as trian. And even that proportion, the

other. Mixer games or dances will well as by social legislation, as perhaps the Council survey declared, understates

help to create the desired friendly and most important part of the prevention of the true importance of alcohol in coninformal atmosphere. alcoholism. (Dr. Abraham Myerson, Bosnection with the forty thousand traffic

ton.) deaths that America chalked up in each will 2. to the that appeal Plan activities is public health the greatest Alcoholism year. variety majority. a Arrange of games is not recent present time which at the problem

so that every individual will be a being systematically attacked. (Dr. Winparticipant in at least some of them. fred Overholser, Washington.) Alcohol and Athletics

3. Suit the type of recreation to the hall Alcohol is a major cause of insanity.

and location, as well as to the group. Poisoning from alcohol is the cause of more "Dernie Bierman, coach of the fabudis- infectious than dreaded deaths many ** lous Minnesota team, made this

4. Avoid "lags"or "dead"periods of eases. Parran, (Dr. Surgeon GenThomas declaration: typical inactivity. eral States.) the of United

5. Change a game before it "wears out."Alcohol is sapping both the moral sense Coaches know that eventually the use of

and the working capacity of Americans; alcoholic beverages will lower stamina and

6. Thoroughly understand the rules and is definitely weakening the solid front of skill. The use of alcohol lowers athletic

have the necessary equipment ready our national defense. (Dr. Edward A. efficiency and morale, so it is blacklisted

before introducing a new game. Strecker, Philadelphia. on our squad.

THE WORK OF THE EVE njV g

JhsL yyUA&jwiwu jL Uul 3&uL

Comfort, comfort my people, saith the Lord. transfigured before them, and was also nearest to Jesus in

rise will the earth the of nations day One It up the of that the Gethsemane. appears Garden he was

fare Israel ye, into Saying, come, we first of apostles the faithful taste to for sake. death Jesus'

forth the from alone doth For law Zion go little apostles, of the most nothing, or but Of know we the the of Jerusalem. from Lord word And

Then shall they beat their swords into ploughshares, we do know that Jesus called them to inaugurate the mightiTheir spears into sickles and pruninghooks. est movement of history, and after they had received the

{The Eternal Road, Franz Werfel) outpouring of His Spirit on the Day of Pentecost, we lose

Jesus had risen from the tomb. He met His little band of sightdeathsofaremostlostofin themtradition.and the stories of their travels and

apostles and gave them His commission in words that to this day define the most important and sacred call that Thus little do we know of the great majority of those whom man can receive. Among the many decisive proofs of the Christ bade to "be wise as serpents yet simple as doves"; to whom

the Spirit of Father; His to He promised and bade go whom He is of eternal "the mission divine supremacy and Jesus

forth the face that the and very worst to world could them, do in effected colossal the twelve humble world work"by the certain all that through things, rethey could should do and Him of the few. Galilean peasants chosen were In words who last ceive their at reward. unimaginable

simple, but effective beauty, we read in the twentyeighth chapter of Matthew Canon Farrar adds:

Then the eleven disciples went away into Galilee, into a mounBut is it not an immensely powerful ratification of all that we tain where Jesus had appointed them. believe of Jesus as the Son of God, that, with instruments so

And when they saw Him, they worshipped Him: but some feeble—by the agency of men humble, poor, unknown, insignifidoubted. cant in the judgment of the world—He should have subdued kingAnd Jesus came and spake unto them, saying, All power is given doms, wrought righteousness, and altered the entire conditions

unto me in heaven and in earth. and destinies of the race of man?

ye, therefore, all nations, baptizing teach and Go them in the TJaul the Apostle was one of the greatest of the early of the of the Son, and of the Father, and Holy Ghost. name

Teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commissionaries and teachers. Again and again, he defines in

manded you: and, lo, I am with you alway, even unto the end of his Epistles the purpose of his teaching. It was not enough

the world. Amen. that men should be won over to the faith; they must be

it, established in this patient only could be and done by: this mission called divine were on Simon were Those who instruction. far carrying Paul the went abroad "Good Peter; of brother of the Peter; Zebedee. son Andrew, James,

as of the described. to God, Churches be News"came Word Philip; brother of Bartholomew; Thomas; John, James; Gentiles. revisited of in formed were and them Jews He Publican; of Alpheus; the the Matthew, Judas James, son

journeys, letters absent peated which and wrote when them; ( ) the Zealot. Lebbeus Simon Thaddeus important the are comprise part of an Testament, and New sincerity, their in apostles forth humble making went The

all the greatest the writings time. teaching of In among inspired the to hearts appeal of with of God, words men gospel, finest in exalted love the he sentences written ever rich to to the the to poor, lowly. to the great the and and

life fact his concerning In greatest and to God. work was Life over, over, leaped hope and was made was made "Men interpret theoretical both viewpoints, practical from and

life. light,"into live of higher out darkness to began and a the gospel taught life the as to eternal Jesus one by way idealists of of called missionaries the the Those were Lord

life truth. as and a missionary His experience with began an to that zeal labored with undying profound and day and brought to the of which a him testimony the of Truth work

life of the sense to people of the both a meaningawaken the of Savior, fired conviction he with and marvelous a was earth, in hereafter. here the In imagination, on our and we into "that flaming blazed torch eternal of righteousness."a

villages see to going of Palestine the can them beyond, and inspiration the Light, of carried the Under the to he new retiring teaching the at people, lonely night to and some provinces of the of Greece and message the gospel Rome rest. for spot the Peter see preaching prayer and on We finally in in and martyred there, was a prison Rome. While Pentecost, of three people thousand bapwereDay when to he life at the Philippi: wrote Christ Church "As meanstized It of the Peter and Church. became members was..."to gain. so death me, means

chief earned apostles, prominence the oftenwho among It the Evangelist intimate Luke the was us gave who in theirspeaking taking lead and a marked name among life pictures the of the of Savior. lived in perseof a day He

it after Ascension. the thethem formulated was who He cution the armies of the crushing when people were Rome confession:great art the Christ, of the the "Thou Son of Palestine. the could one that count deaths Luke's No firstliving the baptize God."eat to and and was He pen might recorded but have not. Instead did forth sent he

lifedrink convert. a Gentile his with in service the gave He stricken the his from of stricken of world our to day world theof his sealed Master and testimony death. with martyr's a "the deathless today of hope angel an the deathhymn, and there the son of James, Alpheus,Then was as chosen an less of promise child."a newborn his gathered material Heapostle because Jesus he the of of type needed was knew man for his beautiful of "Life Christ"the from people amongin the proclaiming building Gospel and the Church. Humble, labored. there into whom Thus existence came He a book fearedhe not but willing, God, men. strong, Teachable, this to which presents the day Christianof appeal supremeobedient, in has he millions gone history the down among all ity to past present, paganism and universality the and lives are notwhose known. faith is of the Christian revealed the fact that by Luke's

The Apostle John is honored with the designation, "The book "was written by a Greek to a Roman about a Jew."

disciple that Jesus loved."He was one of the three of the

inner group, and was nearest the Lord. Because he loved TPoday, apostles are called of God and given the holy

most, he knew Jesus best. John wrote the Gospel, three A Priesthood to preach the gospel to the world to "bapletters, and the Book of Revelation. His father's name was tize them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of

Zebedee, and he had a brother James, who was also an the Holy Ghost. Teaching them to observe all things whatapostle. "James the Less,"as he was called, was one>of soever I have commanded you; and lo, I am with you althe three who was with Jesus on the Mount when He was way, even unto the end of the world."

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1943

2021; Moses 1:34; 3:7; 4:3-4; 5:6-8, 5859;

Melchizedek Priesthood Outline of Study, May, 1943 6:45,12:2326;5068;42:2-9;Abr. II3:24,Nephi2728;2:2225;4:1; Alma9:21Text: Teachings of the Prophet Joseph Smith. 22; Gen. 1:2628; Dan. 7:9-10, 1314; 10:

13, 21; 12:1; I Tim. 2:1415; Rev. 12:7-11.

LESSON 54 b. Record to be made of all baptisms 1. Michael, the archangel

spirit, a. spirit of premortal the one for the dead A Living forRecordKeeping the

children of in the Father heaven ( to present Recorder be 1 ) the Teachings Prophet Read Joseph of (Abr. 3.22) to ) present Witnesses be (2 45- 8-9, 6:5-6, 7274; 69,Smith, Moses pp. b. in (Rev. heaven There was war to to a delivered Records be (3)

I 1:2-4, 9:2-6, 5:1419,46; 31; Abr. Nephi 12:7-11) general recorder Church

19:1-6; 12, 14; 37:1-4, 1718; Alma Omni ) ( his fought angels Michael and c. 1 will the of answer (D. To God & III 5:6-7; 27:2327; 20:Hel. C. Nephi D. & the against dragon 128:5) C.

8284, 47:1-4, 9; 21:1, 69:2-8, 85:1-5, Doc. the fought dragon and And (2) 2. the earth, are the records on which As in 124127;Hist, Essentials Church of V: his angels, prevailed not and truly are out (D. 128:8-14) C. made & 208; 92, History,Church Gen. Utah & pp. great cast out dragon (3) The was a. In relation to your dead 16:5259.Hist. Mag. into that earth, the old serpent, b. the are in also records So heaven 1. Lord's people always commanded The called the Devil, and Satan c. not record Whatsoever do you to records keep cast angels with His were out (4) earth, shall not recorded be upon a. of kept remembrance by book A him in heaven 8-9, 6:5-6, 4546) (Moses Adam ) the the of Overcome power by ( 5 d. sealing records which power The b. of the records preserved Abraham 4: Begotten Only Son (Moses earth, binds in or binds and on fathers, the the patriarchs even 3-4; 76:2529:3637; D. C. & heaven 2-4) (Abr. 1:31, 28; 3:2728) Abr.

3. the of shall the c. books historian be great dead Out Moses a

c. council of Gods A (II III 27: 29:11; judged Nephi d. the Nephi Jaredites (See kept Records by

) ( the In beginning, the of head 1 26) Ether) of Book the called a of council Gods a. great, small dead, to e. stand and recordkeepers The Nephite

the (348349) Gods f. before (Rev. 20:1213) the Bible influence Universal of God

in sat coungrand Gods (2) The b. books opened were TheDiscuss: cil forth to the bring world c. of Life also opened (D. Book The 1. great record of that the system Show (Cf. 3:24; Abr. 4:1) C. 128:7) & is direct ofthe a outgrowth today Church to create plan a formed They (3)

4. dead, without our cannotinstructions be the the through from Lord We, it the people world and (349)

17perfect 28:12, 15, (D. C. Smith. madeProphet & Joseph d. creation The

2224) 18, ) the create ( did not God 1 is a. glory honor, Herein imand and 55LESSON earth of nothout heavens and

life eternal mortality and LivingRecordKeeping ing for the (350) b. the salvation of necesdead The(Continued) to create organmeans (2) Word

salvation essential to sary and our ize 2. the to Records kept Church be by c. for the dead—-"this Baptism most to materials organize had God (3) a. shall record there a "Behold, be all to of glorious subjects belonging of the out chaos world kept C. (D. 21:1) you"among & everlasting the Gospel"tabernacle and a (4) made God b. record should the Church What d. to smitten curse a Earth with be it spirit, and into put Adam's 69:2-8; 20:8284; contain (D. C. & is link unless there bewelding a it living a (301, became body 85:1-5) the the fathers children tween and 353) c. certificates Official of membership e. they Neither without us can be

all to first 2. carried Saints to father of the the removing be by man, Adam, perfect made

the of part another (D. Church C. (D. 27:11) & & f that there Necessary a be whole and

I a. father, created C. your 20:84) Adam, whom perfect complete union and

d. histories writings Libelous (D. and C. 29:34) & the of the to days g. From Adam

I all first to of gathered against b. the the be Church have And men man time present

123:4-5) preserved and (D. 6 C.

in All such now preserved Histori- h. cause?Shall we not go on in so great a called(Moses Adam,1:34; 6:45)which is many

an's Office e. Minutes of Official Meetings (72- i. Letof eternalthe deadpraisespeak forth anthems c. Andfirst fleshman becameupon thea livingearth, soul,the firstthe

also 3:7) 74) (Moses man all of acceptation worthy

f. first the of the d. the of man, Book The Law Adam, was who who Lord 5. Recordsa. offering in righteousness An

is the 124127) as of being in Daniel spoken (D. H. V: C, b. us, as be church a and by made To

3. to records in kept or Individual other (Utah of be Days,""Ancient people, Saints as Latterday and

all, first the Historical oldest the Magazine of words, Genealogical and & c. present the in a temple "book To

. great, progenitor 16:5259) grand (167) containing the of dead, records our

a. the is Church kept Journals Michael, because he by early was of all ac- e. He which shall be worthy

first father leaders of only all, not by and (verse 24) first the to be ceptation"b. to family records hold Personal and progeny, but the

kept by members Discuss spiritual blessings.

Discuss: 1. Why must the method of recording f. I gave unto Adam that he should be

1. Have someone who has visited and ordinances for the dead be so accurate, an agent unto himself (D. & C. 29:

used records in the Church Historian's Ofparticular and precise? 35)

fice describe the extent and value of the 2. Explain: "Whatsoever you do not (1) Adam, being tempted of the

records preserved there. record on earth, shall not be recorded in devil, transgressed the command-

2. Show how the history of the Church heaven."ment

is made up from the histories of individual 3. Will untrue records be recorded in (2) Became subject to the will of

members. the "book of life"in heaven? the devil, because he yielded to

3. Prove that the Lord has always com- 4. In what way is our own personal saltemptation (verses 36, 40)

manded His people to keep records. vation bound up with that of the dead (3) Adam was not deceived, but

whose ordinances we record? the woman being deceived was in

LESSON 56 5. What constitutes an acceptable record the transgression (I Tim. 2:1415)

RecordKeeping for the Dead of the dead in the sight of the Lord? (4) Cast out from the presence of

spiritually the dead Lord, became 2224; 127:4-10; 128:1-15, Read D. & C. Cf. (D. 29:41; Alma 12:23- & C. 57 29: LESSON 20:1213; 5:5758; II Nephi Rev.Alma 42:2-9; 9:2122) II Nephi The Mission and Authority of Adam 26; III 27:26.11; Nephi

1. Records to be made of ordinances adRead Teachings of the Prophet Joseph Discuss:

ministered for the dead Smith, pp. 122, 157159, 167169, 208, 301, 1. What authority was held by Michael

a. Let the work of my temple be con348-349, 350, 353; D. 6 C. 27:11, 29:2627, before the creation of man?

tinued on and not cease (D. & C. 3437, 4041; 76:2528; 78:16; 84:16; 88: 2. What authority was given him at the

127:4-10; 128:1-4) 106, 110115; 107:4150. 5356; 116; 128: creation?

CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC. EDITED BY LEE A. PALMER.

LEADERSHIP WARD BOY 114 %sujoul. dtp OUTLINECOMMITTEE OF STUDY Gwwnk. (phbudhooxL fisL&im&iL

MAY, 1943 Plans for Anniversary Celebration Programs for celebrating the 1 1 4th restoration the of anniversary of the Text: BOYS TO WIN HOW First has approved Presidency rT,HE

should, necesof Priesthood Aaronic Chapter a Meeting V: Halfway Boy celebration for 15 the 16 and May sity, in the present with keeping be

Priestof of restoration the the AaronicQuotations Text: the from restrictions on imposed emergency and

1. It is the are sugthroughout into Church. There boys hood whose makeup travel. not mean, however, This does there has load been cart of a dumped other organizations that avoid gested

the celebration. of Stake abandonment plain brass. the But majority of boys conflict will with plans which making give to are urged committees and ward require thing only in of one your you Priesthood on program Aaronic any this to serious consideration careful and approach—equality. the days, including these sacrament two 2. Hist, It isn't ye! it for honor any any unto permit event not and go by

16. meeting, Sunday, May lad to ever compliment on "knowyou early. noticed. should Plans be made

in'so o'"the or big much"on heap fail, so us not even though Let many claims words""dish he out"! Be you living of are from our young away men

is not It deceived. for an honor discipline a (a) Classroom great left a have home. at home Those to person young say, come and "Say, to the will obedient be A boy spirit fraternal leaderfor our need and It but plain! that you made got under for in will leader's only exchange

my skin. I understood exactly what a "man to man"and "heart to ship.

you meant."heart"attitude on the part of the Local conditions must govern in the

3. A boy is just what Popeye meant when leader. making of any plans. Pilgrimages and

I declared, "I he what yam!"yam activities conshould outof-door be associations (b) Everyday

are Boys obvious. so are not They leadIf his respects loves 15. he and Saturday, Overon ducted May diplomats. as read can them You it is infallible in er the classroom, necessitating hikes, night breaking readily as barometer. a you do that apadmires evidence he and the returning Saband on camp home If 4. to for corral class hope you your life If well. his daily as proves in the with are not bath harmony these day queer often and "pestiferous"is the lesson not classroom a day

animals, young try don't to program. a Priesthood throw it his reflection leader, of day by

lasso blocks to in the catch away them of stake ". photographs and Accounts. will brass. sounding as or be

of letter. form postal a or the Use

.. forcelebrations should be or far as ward tinkling cymbal,."so a

if telephone, city the are you what is Office Presiding Bishop's concerned. to the the boy warded

call companies a "telephone salesman"purposes. for publicity record in and trouble Good (c) When for take orders can or goods who—one attitude "Holierthan-thou"with ideas shared should be always No service If telephone. truly by you

feel here. will must boy work The the throughout Church. coworkers love feel is that boys winning and them

his leader him. that understands the thing very that delight would God if May 1 6 Sacrament Meeting Program him will understand His leader do, to have to give plan hours you you

to coming at least halfway to the boys memory be permitted to recall the Under the direction of the ward bishthemselves. It pays such dividends! happy experiences when someone, opric, the program for the sacrament

"halfway"perchance, him met it gives the heart such fine ChrisAnd to be held Sunday, May 16, is the slack meeting years took and ago up tian thrills! Priesthood the Aaronic memgiven by repairs made. while were

Helps tor the Class Leader: Is there one among us who has bers. Where stake conferences are

1. Discuss "Meeting a Boy Halfway'in not been helped, and, being helped, scheduled for May 16, the program

each of the following: is not willing to help another? {Concluded on page 237)

THE LAKEVIEW STAKE was not organized until March 22, 1942.

Stake and ward leaders immediately took up the promotion of the

Aaronic Priesthood program, with the result that nine quorums qualified for the Standard Quorum

Award. Three hundred and fortyfive Aaronic Priesthood members

awd their leaders afe pictured

Jiere celebrating their achievements.

Visiting guests were Presiding

Bishop LeGrand Richards, who presented the Standard Quorum Awards, and his first counselor,

Bishop Marvin 0. Ashton; Lee A.

Palmer, field representative of the Presiding Bishopric; President

N. Russell Tanner of the Weber

Stake presidency; and Daniel R.

Van Kampen of the Weber Stake Aaronic Priesthood committee.

Stake president John Child and counselors Thomas R. Jones and

Rulon P. Peterson, together with

members of the high council were present to lend unqualified support to the program and encouragement. Vern C. Parker, chairman, and Gayle Sheffield of the

stake Aaronic Priesthood committee were in charge of the entire program, under the direction of the stake presidency.

The banquet was prepared by -the stake Relief Society mothers, under the direction of Fern Fowers, president. The Gleaner Girls

of the Y.W.M.I.A. did the serving.

CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC. EDITED BY LEE A. PALMER.

HAS UNBROKEN RECORD OF

FORTY YEARS IN WARD WARD TEACHERS

TEACHING The teacher's duty is to watch over the church always, and be with and strengthen them;

And see that there is no iniquity in the church, neither hardness with each other, neither lying, backbiting, nor evil speaking;

And see that the church meet together often, and also see that all the members do their duty. (D. & C. 20:5355)

U)ahjdL JjwduWL m&A&jaqsL #o>l Tltoy., 7943

TITHING TvJinety belongscentsto outhim—theof eachotherdollartennetcentsincreasebelongsearnedto bythea Lord.LatterdayWhetherSaint

or not our Father in heaven gets His tenth depends entirely upon the individual member.

There are no dunning letters sent out on the first of the month to remind us of our obligation, or of any unpaid balance. No collector calls

directing our attention to our default. The Lord doesn't threaten that He

WILLIAM will turn the account over to an attorney or collection agency and bring

A. suit if we don't pay up. He waits patiently to see just how we respond to

KOLDEWYN His will. He puts each of us on his honor. We may pay it in full, or in part,

or we may ignore it altogether.

Leaving the matter of tithing to our individual choice imposes full rethis If obligain this matter. pay actions for us our sponsibility upon we of the Ogden Porter"Dishop A. W. If part only of this a to the His promises. in full, Lord we pay bind we Stake, has tion Seventh Ogden Ward, promised blessings the and stands us balance between obligation, the unpaid

certified the fortyyear ward teaching through full and unselfish obedience to this law. If we ignore it, we deny

record of Brother William A. Koldeto ourselves the many blessings attendant upon our compliance with this

wyn shown in the above photograph.

Bishop Porter gives the following acorder.We should pay our tithing as we receive our income. It is much easier

count of Brother Koldewyn's record to pay ten percent throughout the year than it is to pay one hundred percent as a ward teacher; at the end of the year, trying to make up that which we have "borrowed"

from the Lord, and, incidentally, that which we have "borrowed"without "We have a man in our ward who His permission.

knows what effort it takes to be a faithOur Father in heaven imposes a great trust upon us. He gives us all

ful ward teacher, and he has a very we have and enjoy, and then trusts us to return to Him onetenth of our unique record as well. He began ward annual increase. The paying of any other material obligation in life canteaching in January, 1903, when he was not bring as much satisfaction as the paying of an honest tithe. The joy

22 years of age. He is now 62 and durcoming from the full discharge of this responsibility warms the Christian

ing that forty years he has never missed heart far more than can the "paid in full"or "thanks"of any creditor a month in doing his ward teaching and on earth.

turning in his report. During that time

he labored under nine bishops.

AARONIC PRIESTHOOD RESTORED 114 YEARS AGO "Brother Koldewyn is still active, 4. service Sacrament 236) page (Concluded from 1943, of the January, month duringand

this possible, be should (Wherever or preceding the given week be families beshould to visit 24 called uponwas entirely Priesthood done by Aaronic this date. following shortage of of thecause men administer now availPriests should members.

able for this kind of work. The Presiding Bishopric respectfully the sacrament, teachers prepare the

suggest that those asked to speak on the sacrament table, and teachers and "We, as a bishopric, are very proud program be urged not to read their talks. deacons pass the sacrament)

of this man. He is one of our most Notes are not objectionable, but there 5. Five Ways a Deacon May Honor the

loyal supporters, and if we had more is little development accruing to the Priesthood—a deacon (5 minutes)

6. Parents Honorby Honor How My in the in standing merelylike teaching work, him, which young man ward minutes) teacher the (5 ing Priesthood—aI encouraged be should read. pulpit to bishop, Heis of the every heart to dear so Building in 7. the Priesthood Aids How naturally and heart to the from speak priest successful minutes) indeed."(5 bewould Character—a the Lord. directed by be as Priesthe 8. may Aaronic number by Musical KoldeBrother to Congratulations this given should be attention Special hood members

wyn. Only our Heavenly Father knows matter in each ward. 9. How I May Assist My Son in Honorminutes) accomplished mother the (10 has been goodhow much Priesthood—a following program The to 10. the Priesthood Means Me—What record. this outstandingthrough

the for sacrament the of Aaronic former or member meeting Mayis suggested16. inga member,

invite others Priesthood Bishopric 21 (10 minutes) Presiding The or congregation song—choir President of as 11. My Responsibilitiesover recteaching outstandinghaving ward 2. a teacher 1. OpeningInvocation—by bishop the Aaronic Priesthood—ward information to submit photos or speand congregational,ords 3. 12. Closing Song Song—choir,

for publication in this column. cial Aaronic Priesthood chorus 13. Benediction—a priest

ally by thousands of students and geneTHE NEW ENGLAND HISTORIC GENEALOGICAL SOCIETY alogistsThe membershipfor special rollsinformation.of the Society

By Frederic J. Haskin have contained the greatest names in Author and Nationally Known Newspaper Correspondent the country—not from Boston and New

England alone, but from the whole

XT early a century ago five men a time when many subversive activities United States and many foreign coun- * 'founded in Boston the New Engare arresting the interest of young and tries. Among them are found eleven

land Historic Genealogical Society to old in the nation, and when old habits presidents of the United States begincollect, preserve, and make available and customs seem on the way to being ning with John Quincy Adams, statesfor use the family records of the early discarded. For, while the roots of the men, lawyers, historians, capitalists,

days of New England. The Society has Society are in colonial days, its branchscientists, merchants, and philanthropgrown to be the greatest genealogical es and foliage are of the present. It ists. Probably all old New England

society in the world, because while it continually gives out knowledge of the families are represented on these rolls.

was organized as a New England soancestors who set up the foundations Many distinguished foreigners have alciety, it was soon learned that it was of the nation. It preserves the records so been members.

no more able to confine its activities of the country's founders, their associAs the interest in genealogy grows, to the boundaries of New England than ates, their successors, and their dethere is more and more need for the were those boundaries able to confine scendants. It stimulates the imaginaspecialized information that the society

the people of New England in the same tion of presentday youth to emulation can give.

narrow region. Consequently the Soof the great deeds of the past. It acts, While neither the society nor its officiety became national in its scope and through the national patriotic societies, cers engage in professional research,

endeavored to trace the migration of as a liaison officer between the glorious there are a number of its members who

New England families and their conpast and the present. It promotes indo this work and one of the functions

nections, as well as their European anterest in American family history as a of the Society and its officers is to put tecedents. Its library of genealogical powerful incentive to the development inquirers in touch with competent and

and kindred works is unparalleled. The of patriotism and good citizenship. reliable professional searchers.

collection of English parish registers When the five founders of the New In 1846, on January 15th, the library is greater than can be found elsewhere. England Historic Genealogical Society was begun. It consisted of a very few

Even in England its quarterly periodiplanned its organization in 1844 (it was books in a pine bookcase in a rented cal, The New England Historical and incorporated in March of the following room on Court Square. One shelf of

Genealogical Register, is accepted as year) they undoubtedly thought they the bookcase would have held all the the most authoritative publication of its were starting a local institution to be genealogical works which had been kind. of service to Boston and perhaps to published in America up to that time.

Set strategically on the summit of reach out later to embrace all of New A year later, the Society started a

Beacon Hill, close to the most sacred England. quarterly magazine, The New Engshrine of American liberty, and in proxBut today it is the foremost genealogland Historical and Genealogical Regisimity to the three greatest depositories ical society in this country or elseter, which is still published, and which

of documentary information in New where. Its library, the most important today, as then, is one of the most poEngland, the Society for ninetynine collection of its kind, is visited annutent factors in awakening and stimulatyears has achieved its original purpose ing interest in family history in Ameriof keeping the early colonial days fresh THE PURITAN, BY SAINT GAUDENS ca.

in the hearts and minds of the present—Photograph by Harold M. Lambert Information of Vital Importance

isgeneration. yet, although much And scores of use daily members who TPhe

the Historic of Englandknown New "* is the public general library—the of SocietyGenealogical devotees by this also for given privilege—come itsgenealogy biography, and and memof kinds information, often many matbers included have important many ters vital of importance on which may itpersons, has to familiar not become fortune, estates fame depend and and

its inothers the value to proportion to inheritances. is visitor the Whether ofpeople the of England and New at dollars an ten annual year, member a

States.United

life at a dollars, hundred one member

Historic England The GeneaNew or Pilgrim a Colonial or a Tercentenarylogical in serves Society which ways dollars'three member whose hundred definite value.have commercial membership othpassed be to on may the records the Society, ofThrough

is ers, full free given use he of the andindividuals social for qualify security its all library stacks, plus aid the and pensions, old assistance, kinage and the staff ability the library offer. of can

benefits. itsdred Business houses use

liperson leave That ever no the mayservices their establish to for claims is dissatisfied brary the constant obfield. inlongevity priority their and jective staff. library the of

its aid, forgotten acThrough bank itself library lends to quick The and are theircounts rightto turned over it is service, accurate for a working ful disputes owners, inheritances over library entirelyused workers by estates settled, are "lost perand and earnest for seekers information not and identified.sons"are found and for It entertainment. supplies only exBut the Society, great as is its compert service, and its staff is so well

mercial service, is making a much more trained and informed on the subject matsignificant contribution as the guardian ter in the genealogical volumes, that of memories and traditions that should frequently books required are placed be regarded by all of us as a precious in the hands of a reader in less time heritage. This contribution comes at than it would take even to ascertain

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1943

in establishment titles commercial of the needed. volumesthe Thus Boston The Church Moves On centenary, to celebrate its within wished a which be provided can booksmore

given time than in any other library and also to lay claim to being the first (Concluded from page 222) in the country. store of that type in the city and still Too Late to Learn?

place. at the in business continuing same the are words '*T Jard work"two Library of Uses the The

simple the a of date was problem * The * the describe clearly which most of the library uses roughly come The claim other the more matter, but was life Elery, Februof born Blake Mercy are: headings: threeunder They difficult. old length an was map At 1854. she 15, ary widowed, Twice

1. of objective genealogical purely The the of store a found showed which in of family rear nine to her struggled intervisitors are and members who site in question, and the on name same early the the of environment rough all finding in can about they out ested

their ancestors for sentimental reasons. the map was dated nearly a century western frontier.

ago. This established the complete establish the social it's 89 2. The But to make objective—to an 87—now claim. anof descent proof from a qualified short, spring story yearold it was in the

is to prerequisite the cestor, which Sisters of Chatterton Idona 1940 when Additional Uses patriotic soin hereditary membership trading Genevieve Hatton were and cieties. of overseas return from the With the enter that to allowed they were a myriad commercial 3. The I, the of aspect—for use soldiers of World War in Billings, daughter her of Monhome the reasons: to of prove need The of them, for increased, library many

birth for a one's of place date and their of after meeting women men and to get assistance, passport, old age possession of an unclaimed bank acown name abroad, desired to find out count, to prove the right to a business the relationship between themselves name copied by a rival, and so on. and the families of the same name.

is auconstantly library used by The Illustrations Specific Some historical are novpreparing who member owned One sevtwo portraits in elsthors author of biographies. or One

oils which he thought were those of eral bestsellers makes a practice of his ancestors. The only clue to idenspending many hours at the library

tity were dates of birth and death on the verifying names and locales in the parts tracing the picture. of each Byback state England and of New New York

lithrough back genealogymember's laid. are scenes of his in which many

the county to material, a visit andbrary too, and men Then, women many probate, of recordscourt house for or pensions old age to claim it wishing was incontestably established that the social security are patrons of the liportraits were the greatgreat-grandbrary when for one reason or another parents of the member. they are unable to establish the date

A woman asked help in the matter of and place of their birth. Through genan unclaimed bank account in a Maine ealogical books and papers, they trace

city. Her father had lived in the city their parents and obtain the needed innearly threequarters of a century formation that is evidence of their

earlier, where a twothousand-dollar claims. Identifying "lost persons"

deposit had been made by him and forwhose vital records have vanished is gotten. The daughter could not prove a common duty there.

her father had ever lived there, but In still another way the Society's liknew that he had had a brother in a brary renders valuable service. Before MERCY BLAKE ELERY

old city. an ConsultingMassachusetts socicolonial patriotic to admission a livSister tana, also Elery where was brother's city, this the name ofdirectory qualified a descent ety, from approved It ing. after of weekly a year was that he notation the had found andwas is Rarely shown. ancestor be must of teaching that the cottage meetings city. in This the brother was Mainea lithe at but easily hand, proof such fruit the the missionaries with bore father, evidence thethe and woman's it. that fact provide can brary The daughter, the Paul of Mrs. baptism the over turn to thepermitted bank societies headthese of have a number Sister later Petter, Elery. and She was dolfourteen thousand thisdeposit—now in building the quarters makes reat 20, her 1941, baptized September her. societieslars—to value. of service added The quest She Elder Melvin Woodland. by

A Problem of Vital Records also find the library of continual value was confirmed by Brother George W.

It is not unusual for the library to to them and to their members. Flamm.

be called for information that cannot Members also receive The New Sister Elery now has many friends be found elsewhere. Recently, an atEngland Historical and Genealogical among the Saints. She mingles with

tendant of the Old Age Assistance Register, the quarterly publication of them and, though her sight is now imBureau brought to the Society a man the Society, which is regarded as by paired, she attends many of the regular well along in years. His claim for asfar the most important contribution meetings. She is a living testimony that

sistance could not be granted because yet produced in American genealogy. it is never too late to learn. As a matter

he could not prove that he was over So authoritative is this publication that of fact, some of the greatest steps for seventy. At the time of his birth, his it is in demand by libraries and cometernal progression outlined by the Lord

parents had lived in a small village in plete sets of its bound volumes comcan be taken beyond the age of 87.

Maine. After a search the librarian mand high premiums. The death of a—From report submitted by Melvin

found a copy of the baptismal records member is chronicled in The Register Woodland.

of the church of the vicinage, and the by a memoir.

man's name was recorded as having The Society has also published a Detroit Branch President been baptized more than seventy years number of volumes of memorial biServes in Key Position earlier. More difficulty was experiographies and English genealogical /"* eorge W. Romney, president of theenced in convincing the official attendgleanings, as well as hundreds of geneDetroit East Branch of the Northant that a baptismal record was proof alogical, biographical, and kindred ern States Mission is also the managing

of prior birth, but the matter was finalpamphlets, and the vital records of director of the Automotive Council for ly made clear so that the elderly man many Massachusetts towns. In sevWar Production. The Council was

could be declared eligible for the aseral years the annual amount published created to aid the automotive industry sistance he needed. by the Society exceeded three thousand gauge itself to the problems of producAnother problem had to do with a pages. ing war materials.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1943

truth in this feeling from a concert type of view. But in our opinion, it is always the suitable, the normal, the natural tempo, when coupled with a fine

It ating, majestic and powerful. most HYMNS OF THE MONTH rhythmicis pulse, which is most exhilarfastest speaker, nor the slownot the

Hymns for Churchwide rehearsal during April, May, June est, who sways us, but the most con-w vincing.

NOTES FOR CHORISTERS notes falls happily into the threefour Hymn number 95, for June, "Prayer

By ]. Spencer Cornwall time. Give the very first chord a full, is the Soul's Sincere Desire,"is one of

the beat, comfortable with and same it legato, very gems. Play our melodic Director, Choir Tabernacle and

line. the each first chord tempo on The eightfoot only, using loud medium Member, Church Committee Music

it is for fairly is a reverent, slow and phrases often tone. congregation The

April: Behold 'tis Eventide, Millard hymn to our Savior. this song better than the organist who

It it that the is is will gladness, sung. found of praise be a song and Hymn,"in is imperative tempo A proper

is only first is held last dotted note the slowly. sung often too and and On establishing this the of atmosphere

is the note, dot fast half the frivolous of other a length hand, a and tempo and It if lovely hymn. as should sung be

is breath. rest This for will praise the of replaced a express not majesty by it It is prayer. a silent were a kind of

personal supplication. It should not be which these words suggest. Church the correct and natural procedure. The

sung loudly nor should the various musicians sometimes feel that a modernotes at the ends of the second and shortened. Thus, fascination are also phrases the third does not hold tempo broken. phases be reate Contemplation,

is fast music instrumental contained or in extremely slow made to sound flection, quietness and are the moods is natural. that tempos. there admit some We to be established.

May: Parting Hymn, Beesley THE YALECREST WARD CHOIR No. 38, Deseret Sunday School Songs

We have no finer hymn of benedicBy Alexander Schreiner tion, than "Sing We Now at PartChown on this page is the choir of 2. Do start on time, and end exactly on

ing."Careful attention should be Yalecrest Ward, Bonneville Stake. time.

the chorister given three to the by interesting with rehearsals make director, reveals 3. Do Frisby, dyThe H. LeRoy

"I,""mf,""p,"namic marks fund a liberal the aid music and to make of new for the outstanding of the reasons some the hymn impressive. success of this organization. He prizes of good cheer.

choir talk too much. memDon't The first the 4. of of active cooperation all the is Prayer Sincere June: the Soul's sing. to bers want rehearbishopric, keep choir ward who Desire, Careless 5. those present to about complain Don't conflict other sals clear of with time

absent. the 95, are Deseret ones No. School Sunday Songs who Burmeetings. Wilford Moyle Judge

To sing this beloved hymn with the ton, member of the bishopric, meets In this choir there is in operation a greatest enjoyment by a congregaregularly with the choir as one of the system of personal contact, whereby tion requires that the organist transpose tenors. absent members receive visits or telecalls principal of members phone by to will that of selecting feels that the This the key Frisby Brother D flat.

four the chcir. the parts of each of difficult the the within choirs range melody is a make of of music for ward

all singers. A pause or point of repose task. He says this music must not This work is under the direction of the

should be effected on the final note of only be appropriate for the services, choir president, Willis H. Gale.

the first line for breath so that the singbut must be suitable to the ability of the The organist, Alma A. Selander, deers can start together on the first word choir. If an anthem is too difficult, it lights in announcing hymns on the organ

of the second line. Do not in any case will discourage the singers. On the in a moderate, devotional tempo. He

try to keep this hymn metronomically other hand, music that is too simple exemplifies what was said on that subaccurate. fails to hold their interest. ject in the February issue of the Era.

This director is delighted with the He feels that fast congregational singis ing irreverent, and that tempos taken of Anthems the new Chapel NOTES TO ORGANISTS contents lack sincerity. too slowly joint efcompiled which was by the

By Alexander Schreiner forts of the members of the general Other officers of this choir are Mrs.

Tabernacle Organist and music committee. Pearl Milne, secretary, and Guy MerkMember, Church Music Committee Brother Frisby directs rehearsals in ley, librarian. The rehearsal time is

a happy mood. He suggests the folfour o'clock on Sundays. While this

Hymn number 13, for April, "Behold, lowing do's and don'ts: is not the most convenient time for the

'Tis Eventide,"presents some difficul- 1. Be prepared with the rehearsal prochoir members, it is made necessary

ties in rhythm. Try humming the first gram before the rehearsal begins. through the fact that the chapel is

two measures without playing, to make shared by two wards, each of which has certain that the rhythm of these dotted YALECREST WARD CHOIR a thriving choir.

m

make the collection in this manner and The current dances of the present turn it over to them for remittance. If year should all be presented, and also a

it does not come that way, then the exrevival of some of the past years'ecutives, to meet their responsibility, dances, particularly the official M.I.A.Celebrate the are expected to raise the fund in other fox trot and waltz—"Aloha Oe"and

Temple Dedication ways. "Gleam."Entire groups should dance

HPhe sixth of April is the birthday of these dances.

the Church and the fiftieth anniPlease send us your program and theversary of the dedication of the Salt CULTURAL ARTS date of your festival.

Lake Temple. The M.I.A. wishing to Dancing still has great powers of

join in the celebration of these imporrelaxation and dancing parties should to include everyone. plannedtant sent events, for the has a program

girls'choruses has of been be "Corming is all"the to for trend "fun back for April 6th, to theassembly Tuesday, A the of objectives the music one of the type dance, of dance; square presidents, will and so preparationsward

all particularly times, at but committee older folk dance. have an for replacing youhave "Converbeen Do made

sation is Fun"with the anniversary during these times when the young men person in your vicinity who remembers celebration. are absent in the service or war work. the Plain Quadrilles, Virginia Reel or

Such a chorus in a ward does three "Danish Tucker"?

Two Great Things things. First, it cultivates one of the For young people who are used to

for April great arts and raises the culture of the dancing the evening with one partner it gives Second, community. much this will of enjoyment edutype be an class of the April the"TNuring month

listen to singthe to those pleasure who attiin cational process, one which new regularly outlined the for work it is delightful third, ing. experi- a And help formed. Let tudes be them must for the present toM.I.A. an end comes girls sing together. for the ence who plans. help plan execute the and things:season. for hope two We of uses interesting the such of One at statement This remade a was is will classes that the not dimOne illustrated recent the at chorus a was recentheld Recreation Congressinish interest die of War lack from and and large ball at Portland. green gold and Aattendance.

girls, dressed of beautifully and group will hear much, hear and you much is that during preparation ly:We other a The full artistically in the of view grouped more, those precious aboutthis different freedoms—the will the for be month made floor for the the dancers, sang music of the speech, press, freedom freedom ofactivities the of summer.

of the effect necesworship. freedom But most number. was how show The the evenings, beckoning and Long is life the sary the in of democratic way artistic satisfactory. and natural timeoutdoors a summer make preservation of the the imaginaof freedom

for recreation. Remember the M.I.A. tion! We want the right to dream and the

has a yearround program and a yearright to translate ideals into actions....

round responsibility. Our obligation Spring Dance Festival Grove Patterson in Think.

is will activities that the to provide keep Ball and V for Victory Dance in atinterestedthe people and young that learned have many to thetached Church. M.I.A. reported a Idaho Stake stakes HPhe W/e"* their Spring deferred have Dance

Festivals Festival and Ball, which was to have successful Gold and Green Ball in 31, the held Stake 1943 January until in April. held been March, festival that forget the speech notTVo Bancroft, at Idaho: House fine find this that urge event place We is for 15th. This April programmed

in our program. carried for the out Victory""V Weis should be evening and a Thursday

It the in used colors letter decnational theme will and that the be remembered the for bishop the of witharranged orating. the the evening During seven relFirst received the Presidency from

in beforehand. the Lookward Manual estheir presented were queens ward by to ative our program, approved dance ActivExecutives Community and corts.for prequeen's procession The was this particular function as stake event a inity notes 169, three in and ceded Scouts uniform bearCommittees, page by Boy

in areas. compact flag. ing the States of United If our the Arts.this Two under Speech Era

instructors All not dance have who soldier leave, boys, marched on back home in festival held not March,dance was it it, for preparing give should been now the of followed the bearScouts, crown by it this duringthen month produce girls, ers, escorts. attention. queens flower immediate and The find will suggesunderand Dance you either semicircle of queens formed on was sufficiently In that are stakes compacttions. this decoration. of side the center "V"At festival basis, to stake the hold a on

silence observed a oneminute was outlineReports instructors stake should the propoint,in of our are young memory away men who to each an assignment gram giving ward in the service country. of our queen EachXJow is the time for the executives to

look to reports. Ours is a of one or more dances. Original dances was presented with a beautiful "defense

divine and a great human movement. should also be encouraged, and made a stamp"corsage.

Its story is extremely important. See part of the festival. In honor of the queens, a group of four

waltz. "Beautiful couples presented Lady"In stakes necessary be some it may thethat sent to are reports and made

the stage, ladies across waltzed The down festival interward to the hold an on offices.general in the the large through steps and "V"basis. basis or individual an ward on

of stage. front conclusion the the of AtFund present should age groups Various the a the waltz, formed couples by "V"

is part the joinwell their fund as a practical as dances department the decoration extending arms toward "V"O emitting of the work of the executives. ing in some ensemble numbers. and the audience sang the first and third

Some wards neglect, others delay, makThis festival should be a miniature verses of the "Star Spangled Banner."This

ing the collection and sending in of the representation of the nationally famous was very effective.

amounts due. It is the duty of the Churchwide festival and ball which for Since the ball was presented through the

budget, we last year, has stake instructions years andbishops to the according up until many stamps. war and bonds invited Weeveryoneare proudto buyto at the Saltair at time of our to Bishopricof the Presiding been held make the the following: sold have

fund a part of the ward budget. It is June conference, and which will of neBonds—$593.75the duty of the executives of the M.I.A. cessity have to be postponed again this Stamps—$78.00

to remind the bishop and induce him to year. (Continued on page 242)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1943

(Continued from page 241 to us as a people about our great coun- (Dmwul Willeralyouofficeskindlyof sendM.I.A.to athewrittengentryfor andthe knowrealizationthat noof pricethoseis blessings.too high

Helping Entertain the Soldiers ofreportthe Speechof programsFestival?and Yourproceduresideas YouSpecialmust Interestbe the leaders.members, chins up!

Tt is good to be of some help in the war may help some other ward next year * effort. The stake road show sugif printed in our literature.

gests something to the army.

HEADQUARTERS NINTH SERVICE M. I. A. executives and class leaders in COMMAND to have a full house that are the two items and a delightHPhere the General order Office of Commanding M Men evening. educational ful and Douglas, Fort Utah for the of "* should remember month

February 3, 1943. Attention! Speech Director April. They concern the use of the

last regular of the season. sessions two of the General Mutual BoardThe "Cirst yourself questhe following ask first hospitality is the the Association group Improvement The 'L tions then present and your them to Saints of Latterday Christ of Jesus Church to Explorers. the should extend This

50 North Main Street ward officers and teachers if possible. should be arranged with the same atSalt Lake City, Utah Can you talk easily and convincingly? tention and enthusiasm as any member

Gentlemen: ideas across? if put your Can you the of he have were would Men M the Proof Theatre innovation A recent clearly think and you Do for the his invitingguests to evenhome quickly—on

is one of Service Branch Specialgram The feet? your spirit ing. the the of must This be its origin, of should be of because which, attention the of hold your listenyou Can if it 20th the meets evening of April splendid interest to especial and your you ers?

organization. Do you usually say the right thing at full possibilities of filling the Explorer

In various camps in this Service Comthe right time? youths with the desire to do a fine work

mand, we have a considerable number of Is your vocabulary equal to the ideas in Exploring in order to prepare to do halls. as be recreation There many may to express? want you care a fine Remember, Men. work as M hall located halls in each a twenty camp, as Is it pleasing voice? a you Have glorify activithe to not taken exmust be the of under in command given area a irritating? using or the aggerated Are you ties at the older the of group for the training the ofofficer responsible "frills"? Speech the hosts, of younger. the Men, The area. particular that in Mexpensemen social conversation your Does you make

the everything should to training the Exdo of make the of demands Because guest? popular a

schedule, time is at a premium and we have Can you successfully address a group? plorers feel that their own department

could for which at a program a lossbeen is full opportunities. of {See storyteller? entertaining Are an you Of

is, that conditions, one to these adaptedbe a argue in a point—and win Can you Endure, Things That p. 173)

little active to tend develop an wouldwhich friendly way? night, following April meeting The the recreation of use andtheatre program correctly? enunciate you Do

is carefully 27th, talk the over time to training the interfering with hall without speech usually your what Does get you program. In an effort to find such a proyou want? the summer activities. "School"isn't

its operation would through whichgram, the at of April. "out"end your speech personality win and Does The M Men

the esprit d'cocps building in a factorbe is activity. in hold friendships? a year round work

a plan that your struck onthese groups, we not organize conversation and some Why successfully usedorganization has club during the for speech summer?

years; that of the interstake and ward

'Roadshow."

This project is already being set up in a number of camps and I would be only too happy to keep you informed as to the reit? so, If should TJTave done you you will exdoubt, f progress.sults we and No A * tell least operation in at and world, should the our "bugs"perience you many is this last for regular the month As

I rich experience, profit yourto from let stake ward, your your and whole "it activities, class glorious a make to permission send like to your haveshould general committee Gleaner your board to of Special splendid climax year your K. Lt. Officer, Chester Dowse, Theatreour talking bindare Yes, about know. we reInterest meetings. reports The we for the supervisor "Roadwithto confer

It sheaf. that ing means your you ward field are ceive encouragthe most from project.show"

girl of ( 1 7-24 age Gleaner every have ing. the are Throughout Church many Sincerely,

living enrolled in Mutual. in your ward Interest of Special class mem- M. BEVERIDGE, thousands WILLIAM just to this exceptions are three There to opportunities used have bers who Infantry, Lieut. Colonel,

Ass't to Director, Personnel join with those having like interests in rule: 1. Married girls (they are inDivision. gaining knowledge, developing more vited to enroll but their not doing so

pleasing personalities, and building does not prevent the group from bind- 2. Girls working the sheaf); on friendships happy by associating ing SpMudfL many

night; 3. Girls are home Tuesday who together. and play in work

Ohl Say Can You See? Are you looking forward to a delightbound. Many wards have already

"\T[7 >hat a fine evening the speech deful summer in continuing these activibound their sheaf. You can, too. Let

y* partment will give on April 15, ties? Are your social committees busy us hear from you.

1943. It is the night of the annual formulating definite plans for Special One of the most important questions

Speech Festival for M.I.A. and deserves Interest gettogethers? Are you includheard on this homefront is what can

good publicity by announcements in ing in these plans well thought out the girls do while the boys are away?

meetings, placards in noticeable places workable war activities? If you are to There are as many different answers as

and personal messages via the grapevine have a successful summer as a group, we have wards in the Church. Some

method. you must be developing ways and means splendid ideas have come from you.

On this occasion Speech directors now to accomplish it. This summer The Gleaners in one ward decided to

and class leaders will have an unusual will be a most opportune time for group keep in good health by having a gym opportunity to show what has been acwar work. As a group be sure and do class. The boys will find these girls

complished during the year. We hope your bit. in trim when they return home. Another

no ward will let the evening of April As an age group one of your big group has joined a First Aid class, hop15 go into the past without presenting tasks is to keep up the morale of your ing in this way to do their bit. A nusome very fine achievements in speech community by maintaining your faith trition expert meets with another group

and story telling. Obtain, if possible, and encouraging others to exercise of Gleaners. These girls know now

the cooperation of the bishopric, the theirs. Remember the promises made how to cook vegetables so that every

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1943

vitamin is left intact. One Gleaner He must be active in the Church which has been given recently by memresponsibility has both assumed some He it isleader that to her group suggested bers of the In order that M.I.A. Beethe in his of in the troop operation andpatriotic to clothes, conserve they so on contributions acHive be included in may tivities of the ward. project.inaugurated this a remodeling report, Each are asking for the cowe the has great read of biography a He

girl in class the of piece over all a operation made of stake and ward Beeexplorer.

wearing apparel and these were modHe has read the experiences of some of Keepers. Will you please compile and

eled at a Mothers'and Daughters'party. the best missionaries of the Church. send in a complete record, as nearly as

One patriotic Gleaner class has made He has considered seriously and adopted you can ascertain, of all war service his personal daily of standards conown flag for thea service ward. Because girls given your by from to September

duct. dateless evenings,of are Gleaners some April the current of In- M.I.A. year? project, leisuretime carried out a has Hetaking courses; extension reading this some clude in report the of numbers involving several of time, weeks which may

forthe time not they books have had spent, hours the of service type rendcontribute selection the toward of a life's before; many others are working on vocation and preparation for it. ered, the number of girls who have

their Treasures of Truth books, and He has set up a specific program of mainsewed from all three ranks, and any dozens of girls are working toward taining or improving his health. other information which might be of

their Golden Gleaner achievement. What young man does not need or importance and interest in such a report.

Remember this month, April 30, is the want help with these problems of life? We would appreciate receiving this

date for consideration of Golden GleanIs there anything more necessary for material on or before April 15th, Swarm er applications. There are many things his welfare and development than these? Day.

to do today to make tomorrow brighter. If men knew how easily and satis-{Pages 21115 of the M MenGleaner factorily they could help an older boy, As you make preparation for the

Manual will give you additional sugthey would plead for a chance to becoming Swarm Day, we suggest that gestions for Summer Projects and War come an Explorer leader. you plan to include some type of recogWork.) If boys knew how practical and valunition or honorable mention for any

It is time again for Gleaner elections. able the Explorer program was, they war service given by your girls. We

leaving the details this of recogninot be kept strongly away that the could both recommendWe from it. Why aretion to local leadership, inasmuch as it? not tell about them theirstake Gleaners and hold ward service opportunities vary so widely in spring.elections the gives This

more life and enthusiasm to the summer throughout the Church.

work and the officers then are experienced and ready to start a new year in Service Pin the fall. These election nights can be

fun, suggest thing but that important girls the "\17e onemade be urged to earn concluding our of '"pHE two is into right to their the keep choose mind service war pins through of course A present study—"Todaylessonsgirls positions. different the Elect for than more one kind service. of Instead

in to and taken Tomorrow,", be upgirls will interested, enloyal, limiting of be who the activities to something April. the Footsteps are—"Inare Therethusiastic leaders, Gleaner your and has which been done over in and over of "In Christ's the Master,"and willclasses successful. the past, be girls the should be encouraged Church."to branch out into experiences, new

The test of good leadership is to have which will give added significance to the class grow in number. the pin when it is finally worn.

If you haven't achieved your membership goal, and had your rose ceremony with the Junior Bouquet, why Summer Program

Don't Forget the Fundamentals not work it up before these last two

M.I.A. year begins HThe now ends and ( lesson nights Junior See Manual, page

all sports partCocials, swims, are and in continu13). **-* September—providing the of Explorer program. They activity ous for as summer well as wingirls'Invite the to present mothers be attracthelp to build and boys ter morale months. Please look in the 1942 this of close course and study Todayin troop. the either, will deny, one BeeHive No for Supplement 1943 summer feeling the the with on Tomorrow is life finethat lesson for a acand many work, begin and to plan for ahead now leaders, that part of led have you you activities.quired through these But the theme application and Honor girls "live that your to well so today frills are the thethey of program, someBadges suggested there. If the present faith, will they the meet with morrowtimes called the too much emergency prevents night in meetings dessert—and graciousness, hope, assurance."and isn'tdessert for anyone. Along the good summer, hope can you arrange we

with these activities the leader should Try to have the girls leave the lesto meet your groups in the afternoon be sure that every Explorer is given son "In the Footsteps of the Master"or early evening and keep their interest ample opportunity to acquire three with a burning desire to give service, alive. The important thing is not to

ranks of recognition, namely First Honby doing each day some kind act, to allow your ranks to dissolve or your ors, a Title, and the Arrowhead Award. family, to friends, neighbors, and right contact to become irregular and poorly

now, to our country. planned. These three features form the basis

the for service opportunity Surely theof program. whole and Honor The

it is greater than today. never wasTitle the are provided awards by NaCorrespondence Helps will kind daily bring deeds them Thesetional Council, of Scouts America, Boy

into closer fellowship Christ, with a is thewhile Arrowhead made Award Tf, because of disorganized feel will actually Mutuals as they and and Himavailable the through gen- Y.M.M.I.A. or swarms, their in lives. eternally girls any BeeHive areeral board. of meeting ExplorEvery

to lose going the opportunity to comers material include should promotional plete the Guardian or year honor badge these fundakind threeof on some requirements, the general board Beementals. Personal contacts with an

will Hive committee offer be glad to of include shouldExplorer some word if correspondence helps needed and these acquire toencouragement awards.

for. asked Please send for requests Service War for a Consider young a such assistance what moment the to general board

man does who completes the require- A compilation is being made in the BeeHive committee, 33 Bishops Buildments for these three fundamentals: ** general offices of all war service ing.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1943

ARIZONA RANGER {Continued from page 217) gave up. They disarmed him and put behind Sanchez, Guiterrez next, and

honest man, a good cowboy, but you're him on his horse. Sanchez led the horse Maris right in front of me. We're all

a rustler, an outlaw. What will your that Maris was on, and Chavez rode headed for Springerville, Arizona, but

son think of you when he grows up?"behind him, rifle pointing at Maris'if any of you make a break. I'm not

Sanchez couldn't speak. He just went back. sure we'll all get there."I tapped my

picked over his baby. and up Anyone for emphasis. guns out them. to meet went When We see close could to breaking. he was to I had keep Maris as far away from fairly ranch, got to the Maris was we

Tears stood in his eyes. His wife still steaming mad. Sanchez as possible. He still swore

It there. just sobbed. stood Chavez of the hardvengeance. Maris was "Let down, me either. for pleasant wasn't me, I feet est, coldest ever men onemet—six ing that traitorous to kill out, burst Finally Sanchez God's "For inches, thin black wiry, but very let me down;———."I'm goHe two pointed to Sanchez.

isn't sake, there Pearce, something Mr. eyes, complexion, nose swarthy Roman

I can do to redeem myself?"His voice "Shut up and get down!"I barked. and thin cruel lips.

broke, his eyes filled. Maris got down. It was a pretty glum bunch when

I said, "Can't promise anything, but "Now walk straight ahead to the we left, and it was to get glummer.

we might work out something."I did campfire,"I commanded. Instead he Well, I was glad Clay Hunter was

some fast thinking. walked towards me. along. He knew the country, had

"Chavez,"I inquired, "do you know I remembered never to let an outlaw trapped and hunted through there more

Maris?"get closer than three yards. than once. He picked the best trail.

"Si.""Stand still."I bit the words sharp. We did reach McDermott's ranch at

sonin- if he escapes, "Well, your guarded our prisoners We.45. sundown. of butt the my

the will receivelaw and Guiterrez furnished in his house. us food. He this. to me. I did brunt MyHe stopped.hand was"Listenon

of the punishment, savvy?"Sanchez and Chavez were carrying out But as he was still technically under

Si. my orders. I could have killed you bearrest, I searched his house and found

"Will you and Sanchez bring in Marfore they captured you."a rifle and some ammunition. I kept

I still trust exactly didn't both. McIS?44 f* O hate impressed, seemed but was He Dermott.

his as at glared eyes Sanchez. he do, for "If I'll intercede Sanin you three other prisoners watched The we he turned to me. Thenchez, don't but if you monkey or try anv all light candle, night the of a tallow bybusiness—"Now I know you. You're the Lone though we were dead for sleep. Maris'

"Our word and honor."Wolf. I've seen you a time or two, only thought was to kill Sanchez. "I'll

I nodded. We went out and I gave but you never saw me."make coyote bait out of you,"he said

instructions. "Sanchez, you ride the We went to the fire. We searched more than once. Sanchez made no rebig pinto of Leopoldo's, Chavez the him and found a dagger twelve inches ply. I kept them in opposite corners

saddle mule. Both these animals were long, wrapped in rag, inside his boot. of the room.

stolen, It will not suspect."and Maris noon, and was now near as we sleep, for were dead and so were We

all said Chavez. "Bueno,"ate together, goat some meat night the outlaws. on, dragged The

Erachio tapped me on the shoulder. and after what seemed a century of

/lawson, Baltazar and Erachio "Yes, Ranger, you're a prophet,"he darkness, dawn came.

said. I smiled. Guiterrez guarded and McDermott. In the morning once mounted we

rifles I took ourHunter and and folsorrel the horse?"more. "Where's

threelowed I shot asked. it dead, found between We and Sanchez.Chavez

pistol. calibre hundred Weyardshid behindabout VS7e* v hadhad beencapturedextremelythe threelucky.rustlersWe the eyes with a.32

yards the goatherd's hundred fromtwo at time, one, the worst one a Maris, and I'll said bet,"work, "McDermott's watched.camp, and his pals an of taken one and was by it the destroy to did Clay. "Probably into right Sanchez and rode Chavez suspected. he acquaintance never But stolen, evidence. horse you That was coffee.the camp. Maris making was task hardest ahead. our take was To confirmed Later Sanchez know."thing. never suspected a "HaveHe three outlaws, of desperate them two belief. Hunter's invited.some,"he got and They down Springerville, clear to men, Arizona,

the dead and evidence Well, was coffee. weaccepted job. a had very was had mean We it. I couldn't anything about do was Pat?"asked. Maris "Where's little for sleep nights three faced and shot glad hadn't and us McDermott

least at the another wouldn't house. Indians to have one "Back when we didn't prisoners. the freed know We also get any. the prospects.him, stolen stock."Sanchez Some.32. the he had

Indians the that the of spur rounded moment. and on upmade Clawson The left his but took McDermott, We left. the didn't horses eye. bat up and an mules and Maris "Never

rifle us..45 could with come and He we'll stolen the 'em. Indiansmind, animals cream dumb."were waylay Those

later. get and them

this his lifted reservation. the of at the stock Maris, cup of moment, One

of coffee with his right hand. He also stallion alone was worth a thousand That day was the longest, weariest

wore his.45 on his right side. dollars. day I ever spent. Hot? It was so

lizards that the asked almost hot didn't at all. cussed said they both chuck any "Reach,"Sanchez have and We

lizards, the drink. us for a not (Real him. to get tocovered McDermott's hoped back We

) to outlaws! Sleep main seemed be the startled; there. "I refuse,"get dark; said, half he ranch he food we'd by

restful sleep, rifle. I his for his sixgun,couldn't.45 but Maris* go gave and Chavez To

couldn't. thought—goodeven a horse. on But we anywhere,Werifle all "artillery"leaning the extra a scant yard had was we away We

didn't dare. it. in for log.against carry. could sixguns a dive put a made The He we

Sanchez jumped at the same time and the saddle bags. The rifles we strapped

grabbed the barrel of the rifle. Maris to the outside of the packs on the pack JUST before we got to the Arizona

had the stock of the gun. They went horses. We also took an extra horse, border we stopped, took our saddles

round and round, Sanchez holding the in the event we needed him. He was a off to rest our horses, and let them graze

barrel toward the ground. big sorrel. We had no handcuffs or a little. We couldn't relax our vigil-

"Stop it, or I'll blow your head off,"leg irons so I had to line up the four ance a bit. After a thirtyminute rest,

commanded Chavez. prisoners: "Hunter will lead. Sanwe saddled up. Sanchez and GuiterMaris then realized he was done. He chez ride next to Hunter. McDermott rez mounted. Maris balked. "You

Arizona Ranger haven't a warrant to take me into Arizona and I ain't goin', seel"

My nerves were on edge. "—it,

we're taking you anyway. Get on your

horse."I was standing between Clay and

Maris. Maris made no move to get on

his horse. His eyes were desperate, I

could see that.

Clay spoke, softlike, but deadly, at the same time pulling his.45. "Joe,"

he said, "just step aside; he'll either

get on his horse or he'll be bait for the buzzards in five seconds."

Clay leveled his gun on Maris, his trigger finger tightened. Maris looked

at Hunter on his horse. and—got Those last hours to Springerville Symbol of

were just plain unadulterated misery.

that they sleepy outlaws were soThe a World Set Free fell horses. off their and almostnodded

And a time or two it was only Clay Not until long after Philadelphia's inoculated legumes and chemical fershouting to me that kept me on my Liberty Bell had clanged and tilizers all do their bit to add produchorse. We struck an old road, made cracked was this humble bell tion per acre. But it is farm machinery

to haul wood to the towns of Eagar and heard. It is the dinner bell on an that multiplies production per man and

Springerville, and got to Springerville old farmhouse in Illinois. Its voice is puts plenty in the place of scarcity.

without further mishap about four p.m. a call to eat, to abundance of hearty, For less than five per cent of farm inThere's no jail in either of these towns, wholesome food. It means more than come, farm machines enable the farm

S. the to after sending wires U.so itself other bell three family. fare family for to feed a and This farm ample

at Rock, Black IndianZuni Agency fiber for furnish families, to farming is the of a system of American symbol at Indian Agency the Navajoand still first hisleave their clothing, a in for the of time and most human which took Point, Mexico, weCrown New mirfor the for for surplus tory export or plenty of huge food produce can hired to and prisoners ourour home some neighboring cowboys, who had all of the people all of the time. acles of chemurgy. By freeing those

sawedoff shotguns, to guard them. Before this, no nation ever had been other three families to create music

The outlaws sprawled on the livingfree from famine. For hundreds of and movies, automobiles and radios,

room floor. I didn't take off my clothes, years, the average in England -was ten high schools and hospitals, farm majust my boots, and was "dead to the years of famine in each century. In chinery gives us all our material

world"in less than five minutes. Europe, whole cities were wellnigh blessings.

Came eight p.m. We took the outwiped out as pestilence finished the Before the war your farm implelaws upstairs. An hour later, Maris ghastly work of starvation. That was ment dealer was a salesman. Now he

insisted on going outside and the man in lands whose soils still produce more is your service man. Employ his skill

guarding him followed him down. I per acre than the average in America. to keep your machinery in a tiptop

happened to be in the next room adWhen the first colonists came here state of repair. Let his counsel help

joining the one which they would pass they had all the wealth of a new world you to do the most work and the best through. Mrs. Pearce was rocking beneath their feet. Yet half their peowork with the equipment you have.

the baby in the room which Maris was ple died for lack of proper food. His job is to help you feed the forces

could stairway. theentering She from it this war. abunto of soil richness nor you Neither is won, win When going to a break. thatsee he make was will of itself spared with forward and of acres has ever he and dance all go we yelled, quick."come "Joe,She

I threw the door open with my left mankind from death by hunger. new machines and new methods for

hand and jerked my.45 level on Maris In the American way of farming still richer blessings from farming.

in one motion, just as he reached for hybrid corn and highbred livestock, J. I. Case Co., Racine, Wis.

the doorknob.

"Stop!"I bit the word quickly. Swap Work... Speed the Day of Victory

Maris grabbed a baby chair to throw at the lamp on the table. Ifharrow,you havegraina moderndrill, corntractor,planter,plow,or otherdisk,

"Drop it!"farm machine... let it work more hours, He did—slowly. I was to the limit take care of more acres. When your own

of my endurance. One more second work is done, put it to work for your

and I would have shot him sure. neighbors. You can loan it, rent it out, or

is custom Best work. of all "swapping stairs!"those get up "Now farm your neighbor's on work"—usingdo upstairs. back went He letting and repay himit you by on working

I this,"told the guard. "And "Take your his. farm with some machine of You

if any one of them moves toward you both handle your own machinery, both or the lamp or towards the door, shoot get your farming done better and faster, him down."both produce more.

The next day we took the outlaws to St. Johns, Arizona, and turned them

over to Sheriff Peralta. A few days

later Lt. John Collier, of the New Mexico mounted police, and one of his

{Concluded on page 246) SERVING AGRICULTURE SINCE 1842 IN PEACE AND WAR

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1943

ARIZONA RANGER (Concluded from page 245) prison. Guiterrez a shorter one, and or two and was very friendly. He held

mounties came via Holbrook and took I kept my promise to Sanchez. The no grudge. "I guess I got my medicine

them to Gallup, New Mexico. judge released him with a warning: right. It was coming to me though,"

this will "I trust said. lesson to a you, three died be years he about He Maris that so was to they bad had I release to getting after Sanchez. prison. of out go you home

totake him Fe. Santa time he One child his support and honwife your Maris? and he served had When the hot coffeethrew which Pat Gugan, in rustlers time, orably get with never and the mountains returned to he Zuni

jailor,the brought in right him, back his again."lived, and, wife without a where

face.Gugan's off cooled in the He I far that the as took Sanchez shot know, her turned then word, As down,

house,dark bread for water, on and I practice. it into advice himself. put met and gun on

two weeks after that. him a few times afterward and he was This Maris gang was the last real

Well, Maris got quite a stretch in getting along fine. rustling outfit along the ArizonaNew

Pat Guiterrez? When his time was Mexico border. Nothing as large after.

up in Santa Fe, he drifted around here I'm glad I had a hand in breaking it up.

and there, came to our house a time (The End)

THE ADVERTISERS and Where You Will Find HERE AND THERE IN TEMPLE HISTORY

Their Messages (Continued from page 213) hands to aid in accomplishing the demore substituted. compact masonry The sired object.

Alexandria Hotel 230 flagging firestone replaced, and were two located blacksmith shop was The the of courses Beneficial being former put Life down. Insurance Comof north the the to entrance west temBack Cover Since 1857, the pany—foundation walls by ple enclosure, foundry. as also the was

Bookcraft....230, Company, The it level, nearly reached 251 had ground air in blast for carried these was The

Borden Company 227 meant the relaying of half of it—still a a wooden flume, about six inches square

Brigham Young University 253 courageous decision. and eighteen rods long, from a fan opCase, J. 1 245 In speaking of the "foundation"the erated at the water wheel. The first

Continental Oil Company 247 Comprehensive History apparently coniron furnace was a primitive affair, beCrescent Manufacturing Company sidered the first eight feet of firestone ing an enlarged blacksmith's forge. It

( Mapleine ) 230 as the "subfoundation"which was is said that it was at this foundry that

Deere, John, Co 196 never disturbed—was so solidly laid, the first cupola in Utah for melting iron

Deseret Book Co 220 in fact, that a piece of the lime mortar was built and the first Utah iron made thirtynine to years found later was have into castings Anderson. Here by James Deseret Press News 254

the of the consistency taken on roughfirst for also cast the the frames were Farquhar, A. B., Limited 251

itself. dressed stone mill built President woolen by Young Faultless Starch 228 Co Indeed, the pioneerCreek. on Parley's

FelsNaptha Soap & Soap Chips..204 industries in ing of is cenUtah's many

First Security Corporation 201 Temple Block—Wheel of Industry... public at these tered works. Church

Fuller, P., 229 & Co W. laying the time cornerstones, of the A t south "the was move"made When

General Insurance ** Company of after, for five the years and Temple [at Saints of the the coming Johnby America 255.. of center Block the mechanical. was visible the ston's, naught on Army] was Glade Candy Company territory, in 198 industry the so made site indicate that the exby the temple would

Globe Grain & Milling Co 197 location there of the public works which istence there of any of the majestic

Hall's Canker Remedy 199 had been instituted by the Church, and structure which has since risen. Every

Heinz, H. J., Company which was of vast benefit to the people vestige of the temple had been cached,

Inside back cover in the newly settled region. If there or covered over carefully, the soil and

Hotel Temple Square 249 were houses, bridges, mills, or factories gravel that had been removed from the

L. D. S. Business College 252 to build, machines to make or repair, or foundations having been hauled back.

Morning Milk Co 228 anything to be done which required men The place looked to be nothing more

Mountain Fuel Supply Company skilled in the trades, the Temple Block interesting than a field that had been

Inside front cover was the depot for the supply of whatdisturbed by the farmer's plough.

Palace Hotel 197 ever was available. For a time after the people had republic the shops of machine The their attention to their homes, turned Purity Biscuit 193 Co

is the near works where were now chiefly other than to directed temwas Royal Baking...203 Co annex. the corner temple of northeast public matters. ple works were The Stores, Inc Safeway 195 for operating the machinery power The in their reestablished centralized never Standard Brands of California....227 the shop, in carpenter there which and the located but form, shops were

Tea Garden Products Co 231 adjoined on the west, was obtained various places. (The Contributor, xiv:at

Through the Years 252 from a breastwheel sixteen feet in 258259, 263264)

Union Pacific Stages 198 diameter, driven by the water of City * *

Universal Zonolite Insulation 202 Creek which flowed through the grounds building factory under was sugar A buildings time. at that on were These of University Utah 250 *** at construction Provo, a while and that the while creek, the of south bank Utah Engraving 252 Co directly portion of the machinery went the along stonecutters for the was Fire Utah Insurance 197 Home Co destination, that important the to more carpenters'dethe wall. north Over Refining Oil Utah 200 Co in retained Salt equipment was Lake.. paint the shop. partment was When Poultry Producers'Utah Cooperinstalled City, in the old blacksmith founda-. the for temple the excavation ative Association 203 in the Block, imshop and Temple made it that tion feared being made, was was Light Utah Power 199 & Co for available mediately the neighborsufficiently adthe not be would work

Utah Savings & Trust Co 249 vanced for the laying of the cornerhood beet growers.

Utah State Agricultural College..248 stones on the sixth of April, and the men Over the signature of John Taylor,

Wheeler, Reynolds & Stauffer....193 in the various shops were called out and the Deseret News of March 5, 1853, replied the pick and spade with willing ported:

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1943

HERE AND THERE IN SALT LAKE TEMPLE HISTORY

The sugar works, situated on the Temple shall be obtained."(James E. Talmage, Lorenzo Snow, 18931898; Joseph F.

Square, are now in successful operation; House of the Lord, p. 142) Smith, 18981911; Anthon H. Lund,

persons having beets that they are desirous 19111921; George F. Richards, 1921to for be sugar can exchange accomnow Chipman, 1938 1938; L. and Stephen

to shouldmodated. Care be the present. keep Heber C. Kimball's Prediction to

... frost. desirthe are the beets from takenWe * * *

ous to purchase a few cords of wood, for President Kimball predicted, in relawhich we will pay in sugar. (Andrew Neff, tion to this temple, that when its The Wall

History of Utah, pp. 298, 299) walls reached the square the powers of T had been decided to surround the

evil would rage and the Saints would I entire block by a substantial wall.

this enclosure beginning of work on of lack deferred through... Of the Best Materials sufferTemplepersecution."reached Thethe square"walls of thein NoSalt Thewas As far back as the October confervember, 1882, eight months after the and men until August 3, 1852; butmaterialfrom

ence of 1852 the question of buildpassage by Congress of the celebrated that date it progressed with fair rapiding material had been considered. Oolite "Edmunds law."One year and eleven ity, and on May 23, 1857, the wall was

from the quarries of Sanpete County, months later, in October, 1884, ocfinished, practically as it now stands. It

trial uncurred the of Rudger Clawson of nearby, eighth thered full sandstone from city extends a block—one in the law, that provisions of der the directions; intermixed with its fouradobes In of mile each a pebbles—eachhills Territory. of District Court Utah suggested; the these matter it is to note, and interestinghad been was Third and,

brought to vote, though it must be adThis, the first gun of the campaign, was dimensions are practically the same as mitted, the question presented was the signal for the inauguration of an those which, according to Josephus, somewhat indefinite in form. At the antiMormon crusade, which for bitterenclosed the grounds on which stood

forenoon session of the conference on ness and cruelty, takes rank in the histhe Temple of Herod ( Antiquities of the

October 9, 1852, President Heber C. tory of religious persecution with the Jews, Book xv, 11:3) The wall has a

ages. deeds was of the dark Thus question: "Shall the submitted sandstone fromKimball red fulbase of cut stone—a prediction of the Prophet filled another Is built east; of stone from the base the temple have on the the mountainswe

Red Butte, adobes, rock, or the best Heber, fifteen years after his mortal four feet in height, and supports courses stone the mountains afford?"In reply a eyes were closed in death. (Orson F. of adobes which extend ten feet higher;

resolution was adopted by unanimous Whitney, Life of Heber C. Kimball, p. then follows a coping of red sandstone

vote to the effect "that we build a tem409) * * * one foot in thickness, giving the wall a ple of the best materials that can be obtotal height of fifteen feet. The adobes

tained in the mountains of North AmerPresidents of the Salt Lake Temple are hidden by a durable dressing of ica, and that the Presidency dictate and the years of their service have been cement.... (Talmage, p. 138)

where the stone and other materials as follows: {Continued on page 248)

You don't go "tearing off"the to resist acid corrosion, have your miles, and you hate tearing off engine oilplated—quickly

ration coupons, too. You'd think—simply—economically—by

your low speed and mileage would changing this Spring to Conoco almost do away with engine wear. Ntfi motor oil—patented. It inBut the products of combustion cludes a great advancement in

—always hanging back in the cylsynthetics, invented to maintain

inders after stopping—contain on>PLATiNG up and down your

acids that nibble at metals engine's insides, during many

Engine acids are nothing new, hours or days when such resistonly they couldn't do their worst ance against acid can help. Your

when interrupted by frequent use Spring oil change is a "must,"of your car and fast driving, inbut the worst acid effects are not stead of staying in your inactive—not when you get Conoco N'A

engine for days. Short, slow, inmotor oil. Continental Oil Co.

frequent runs don't help much to clean acids out. So now when

you're not even sure of getting any needed replacement parts, CONOCO make sure you muzzle acids as well as you can, by keeping your engine's insides oilplated.

You know of plating being used to resist such corrosion as rust, for instance. And

OILPLATES YOUR ENGINE

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1943

HERE AND THERE IN SALT LAKE TEMPLE HISTORY {Continued [com page 247) pied niche in the granite, large enough the prophet and Hyrum Smith the patProjects to receive a statue of heroic proporriarch. These figures have since been

tions. removed to the open grounds within

'T'he work [on the temple] was apFor a number of years the niches at the Temple Block enclosure. (Talto of the portioned Terthe people p. 180)

* * *ritory, convenience, for which, was thepiedeastby bronzeend of figuresthe templeof Josephwere Smithoccumage, districts. into Stakes templedivided led in the President Lorenzo Snow

and wards and quorums of the Priestsacred shout of Hosanna at every meettheir parts, assigned and werehood of the ing, except one Sunday School TEMPLE QUIZ LAKE an SALT laboreffective of divided and system services, Brigham Elder Young where

... 194) on page {Questions are foundresponsibility developed. was President his in stead. II acted Snow

President died Brigham Young When Kirtland in the Temple present 14, 1853. was 1. February

in granite the temple walls of 1 877, the first 2. given. Temple was dediGeorge the shout No, the St. was when

had reached a height of about twenty cated in 1877; Logan, 1884; and Manti, * * *

feet above ground. (Talmage, pp. 1471888.

148) * * * 3.4. IsaiahStephen2:2.L. Chipman, who was susSquareAt onereceivedtime souvenirvisitors chipsto ofTemplerock,

Architecture tained in 1938. specimens from the temple quarry in

5. Twelve feet, five and a half inches; Little Cottonwood canyon.

architectin- the leaf. D. C. Young, gold with copper, gilded beatenJoseph

the rail- * of coming 6. Johnston's Army, during period of concharge the later

antithe road, EdmundTucker and tostruction, as follows wrote in answer the Minutes From act. polygamy inquiry E. Talmagean in Januof James in the Assembly was held A solemn the dedication before day 7. Theary, 1912: hun- * of rooms Celestial accepted and Terrestrial of dreds prominent nonMormons

of architecture to the style as Questions First 2, the Presidency invitation of the Salt Sunday to the on July Temple Lake in the great temple haveembodied been temple. visit the completed tithing. relative to 1899, time again. timeasked prominent and Some 8. days. Four

for it the Prophet servicesarchitects classed as Gothic; have Memorial Round five 9. day, sessions a week. days a Five

it isothers practically said that have unin Salt the held were Smith Joseph 10. photography. By

itclassifiable, "all being material not. and.. 1912. 22, December Temple Lake 11. 465,432. 309,652;

itat all design."In might judgment be my the min12. reported William Gates Nauman. Young Susa

called the the modified Romanesque by is building 13. the... Temple Annex The present utes. Sixteen were who style.castellated p. (Talmage, 173) directly entrance of the temple as north used the Prophet Joseph. seen had * * * office preparation the for general and work in room, the assembly held meeting A filing the records. of temple andStatues on Salt Temple, of the Lake Annex adult for 14. times members; Thirtyone

i(\n the side of each of the doorways five special services were conducted for Tuesday, May 16, 1893:

flanking the center tower is a canochildren. President Snow stated the object: A

1943 SUMMER SESSION at the UTAH STATE AGRICULTURAL COLLEGE

JUNE 7—JULY 16

Normal Schedule of Courses in all

Summer Session Departments Eminent Visiting Faculty Members for Course and Lecture

Programs in Addition to the Resident Faculty

Refresher Courses in Education for Teachers

Returning to the Profession Special Emphasis will be made in all these Divisions:

EDUCATION MUSIC HOME ECONOMICS PHYSICAL EDUCATION

EXACT SCIENCE Intersession July 19 to August 20

Ample Housing Accommodations Available

UTAH STATE AGRICULTURAL COLLEGE

LOGAN, UTAH

Write to the President's Office for Further Information

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1943

HERE AND THERE IN TEMPLE HISTORY

number of brethren and sisters had been of Great Price, Voz'ce of Warning, invited to come together to ascertain Spencer's Letters, Key to Theology,?,whether they were willing and prepared Hymn Book, Compendium, and someto work in the temple, as a mission, other works; also photographs of Jo- m

without remuneration. Sixtyfive presseph and Hyrum Smith, Brigham Young,

ent. John Taylor, Wilford Woodruff,

May 20, 1893, John Nicholson set George Q. Cannon, and Joseph F.

apart as chief recorder by President Smith, and a photograph of the Salt

George Q. Cannon. Duncan M. McLake Temple as it then stood...TOUR VISIT can be

Allister set apart as first assistant re- * * * corder by Lorenzo Snow. Joseph F.

r*!*- Record Stone The assistant set apart as secondSimmons **?k JTe ne Jamrecorder Snow. Lorenzo Joseph by base of the wall in the southTemple. ldL At the

Christenson set apart as third assistant * east corner of the Salt Lake Temrecorder by M. W. Merrill. ple is the Record Stone, which was

in 1855 dressed Moyle. by James JESS*-**-orve. firestone Butte canyon. from Red It Ais #

is out, foot cavity square hollowed one of an EraEnd

S50.000 HEW this records, "such placed and in were forty the before the dedicayears SHOPTn CO**** books, as considered papers and wereA tion, called of death those most who cavity appropriate."covered was The the of construction: begunhad work

slab. with a sandstone

Firstthe the patriarch Presidency and * + *to the Church who had laid the southeast cornerstone; the Presiding BishopBuilt to Endure

ric, laid the southwest cornerhad who feet sixteen foundation measures HP'he stone; the the presidents of seven sevfeet at A thick at the the nine bottom,

allenty; three the but of twelve aposfirst top, granite of story the the wallstles laid the northeast cornerstone; who

feet thick, nine continuing graduand Sharp,Daniel Wells, H. and John James

for to the ated a half seven second and Hold Temple Square 1 superintendents; successiveMoyle,

six feet the second above and all story architect. Angell, O.Truman Of ZjaksL Sail story. % officiated inthose or prayer speech who

all, fifty in Stones, found Earth Theat the cornerstone ceremonies April L. WEST on CLARENCE

at just buttress foot of the each above

Manager 6, only 1853, Wilford Woodruff, largest in the the the basement, are Cannon,George Q. Lorenzo Snow,

feet building. are a half five and They B. theand George witnessed Wallace

dedication. President Young had seen high, four and a half feet wide, and

the walls of the temple rise twenty feet twenty inches thick, and weigh over six each. the In rough thousand pounds the ground; his successor,above John

three they a weighed about andTaylor, administration whose was half QompbrfjL cattle. for of load four yoke hartons—a the antipolygamyried by prosecution

and the confiscation of Church prop- * * + erty, died in hiding, after seeing the The statue of the Angel Moroni, temple walls built to the square. Among standing on the capstone, originally had

those still living on April 6, 1893, were a one hundred candle power electric

Sr., Jesse Fox, surveyed who had W. in its other crown. five towlamp The

site;the A. Raleigh, H. to foreman finials, gildfinished copper ers were by

1858; Nathan Davis, master mechanic ed with gold leaf, and each originally

in 1853; of the stonecutters, Peter Gileight to it attached had AND SAVINGS one hundred COMMERCIAL lespie, whose employment dated back lamps. candle ACCOUNTS. power electric

furthest of * * then living; any B. Eugene

Fullmer, helped dig the who foundaActing tions, as a stonecutter and worked on On Friday, April 7, a baby boy was TRUSTas Administrator,DEPARTMENT—Executor,

one or more of each kind of the notable born to Benjamin F. and Emma Bennett, Guardian and Trustee.

rocks in the building, and in the agof Provo, before Sister Bennett could gregate had cut and finished more of leave the temple following a dedicatory ABSTRACT DEPARTMENT.

the stones than any other one man; session. Eight days later, on April 15,

Elias Morris, who laid the first granite the baby was brought again to the temSAFETY DEPOSIT BOXES.

blocks in the walls above the foundaple, and given the name Joseph Temple tion; Z. T. Derrick, a patternmaker Bennett by President Joseph F. Smith. All departments on ground floor.

for the stones, whose employment dated back to 1855.

Once universally called the Temple

Block, the wallenclosed grounds and

City's Salt buildings comprising LakeCapstone Contents acres ten are generSAVINGS & photographed most npHE following items were placed in ally known today as Temple Square. TRUST CO. the capstone: a brass plate enPopular usage in recent years has UTAH

Street 235 South Main graved with the the of almost the impercepnames change General wrought

Federal Reserve System Member tibly. Authorities histories the the as of temple one scans and Church Only

Deposit Federal Member identiarchitects constituted 6, Block"as April become does "Temple 1853, Corporation Insurance and April 6, 1893; Bible, Book of Morfied with the language of yesteryear,

mon, Doctrine and Covenants, Pearl "Temple Square"with that of today.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1943

THE SALT LAKE TEMPLE JUBILEE andjury givethat redressmay havefor beenany wrongdone."orThein-

(Continued from page 207) next day, there were rain and snow and membership at large was called uponstruction was celebrated enthusiasticthere was wind—"a perfect hurricane""to seek to have the fellowship of their

sisters, entire brethren and and their says a contemporary great display. withally and But the account—but confidence all to seek love; above and relief, vindieverywhere the beforeyear was only joy, dedication, excitement

ran like a temblor through the Church cation, an indescribable gladness, a feelto have the fellowship and union of the membership. It began at the capstone ing given wing by the prophecy of WilHoly Ghost."

ceremonies, marking completion of the ford Woodruff that from that time the Just before the dedication itself, in general conference precedtwo-day the the longer adversary have wouldstonework, no Francis when M. Lyman

ing the longawaited services, President against held before which he had the fiftyproposed to thousand people power thronging the temple grounds and adthe people of God, but that they would Woodruff expressed an ardent desire in jacent streets that they pledge thembecome stronger as time passed until keeping with the recent epistle:

selves to furnish as fast as it might be they had reached "that perfection for... that everyone of you the night before

retiring into to before temple, the go you striving."earnestly so are which the buildwe toneeded complete the means

rest, in will secret yourselves, praygo bying for in time dedication exactly year a er. to prayers the Lord, Offer and your up full last the even beyond Cignificanthence. pledge unanimous The was forthat sins only your not pray be may in their the devotion of measure it face the of onwhat sheer seemed all Spirit that the but given have you may

call sacrifice their the means, of wasfolly, for conservative called the of the of estimate testimony and Jesus Lord God for at least two or three years for the made upon the Saints by the First PresiChrist; that the Spirit of God may be with

interior finishing. A subscription list dency in a general epistle issued a month those who assemble in that temple.

was started on the spot, and the first before the dedication: It was reminiscent of Brigham Young's

Sunday in May, 1892, set aside as a day We feel now that a time for reconciliaconcern years before with the spiritual into that tion entering before has come;of fasting and thanksgiving and prayer his of for the people temple the preparation

to the ourselves before present temple Lordfor the deliverance receivership from far completion: so then from "The shall divest ourin solemn assembly, wethe before. year are will built temple be as soon as we feeling of selves harsh unkind every and

Anticipation mounted as the months against each other;... that we shall conprepared to use it."

shortened. Almost to the hour the peofess our sins one to another, and ask forIn groups of nearly twentyfive hunshall another; giveness that of one weple their Latterday thousand plead dred, seventy for pledge, only made good

spirit of repentance, for the the in with Lord in silent Saints, thus prepared, passed ofthe afternoon the before dedithe day it, its and, follow obtained prompthaving cation were final toucnes given the inings... Thus may we come up into the wonder through the rooms of the temterior and the annex finished. The holy place with our hearts free from guile ple for the first time, and in the grand

widespread rejoicing, the cumulative and our souls prepared for the edification assembly room running the length of emotions of forty years, found voice that is promised... the third story listened to the dedicain the anthem by Evan Stephens, "The The officers of the Church were admontory service. They heard President

House of the Lord is Completed,"inished "to correct any misapprehensions Woodruff in the prayer of dedication spired by the occasion. It stormed the or misunderstandings which may exist, beseech that "this plot of ground may

University of Utah Service Through Education 1943 SUMMER SESSION

SPECIAL FEATURES

1. A FULL SUMMER QUARTER—

- August 27. for undergraduate and graduate students—June 14

2. REFRESHER COURSES FOR TEACHERS—

June 1 4 - July 2, and July 5 - July 23.

3. AN EXTENDED POST SESSION—

July 26 - August 27, permitting teachers to renew certificates.

4. CONFERENCES AND CONVENTIONS—

26. Association National for Childhood 25, Education—June 24,

2. July Youth, Guidance Institute on 28 - and Delinquency—June Institute on Professional Relations—June 22.

9. Intermountain Conference on Radio—July 8, 5. SPECIAL EVENTS—

Haydn's Oratorio, "The Creation,"July 21.

Kleinsinger's Cantata, "I Hear America Singing,"July 16.

Lecturers on Current Events, Geopolitics, New Books, etc.

FOR FREE BULLETIN WRITE—DIRECTOR OF SUMMER SESSION

UNIVERSITY DF UTAH - SALT LAKE CITY

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1943

THE SALT LAKE TEMPLE JUBILEE

be a place of rest and peace, for holy members of the Church today are being AN APPRECIATED GIFT meditation and inspired thought,"and stimulated to greater genealogical acat the close of each service, they gave tivity and to more frequent attendancethe sacred Hosanna shout, first introat the temple itself. Momentous as was A BOOK

duced in the Kirtland temple, and raised that day fifty years ago when the work For the Soldier away from home by fifty thousand voices at the laying of twoscore years could finally be preFor the Missionary of the capstone the previous April. sented to the Lord, whoever makes his For the Friend

Though the services were repeated first visit to the temple finds his day For Father and Mother thirtyone times, extending from April equally momentous, and even for the GOSPEL STANDARDS 6 to April 24, "from beginning to end thousandth time as he passes from one By Heber J. Grant $2.25

the interest was unabated."Says the stage of the ceremony to the other, he THISBy DAY—ANDRichard L. ALWAYSEvans 1.50

record: "There seemed to exist a unfinds his spirit quickening in an atmosIN THE GOSPEL NET

ion among the people, and a perfect phere "of rest and peace, of meditation TEACHINGSBy Dr. JohnOFA.THEWidtsoePROPHET 1.25

harmony and oneness among the preand inspired thought."JOSEPH SMITH.. 2.00

siding officers as had never before been The event of fifty years ago was more SIGNSBy JosephOF THEFieldingTIMES Smith 1.25

IN in RECREATION the Church THE HOMEexperienced. growth hosannas A than and the glad and ode song.25 Auxiliaries By L. years could past predicted whichwas multitude. jubilant more It was of a THED. HILLSS. UNTO

not equal."than the dedication of a building. It By Richard L. Evans 1.50

of Today, a people. the dedication was this year spectacle will be noHFhere

call temple to the recommends the throughout but for the THEOrderBOOKCRAFTnow.... CO. ** of jubilee,

Salt G3, principles, Box P. O. Lake City, Utah to gospel adherence same the of dedicathe anniversaryChurch the send Books checked above. of spirit preparation the same C. O. D. that was PleaseSend passing thantion is being given more

the people promoted ardently among so preradio Aprilnotice. 6 a dramatic On $ Check or money order enclosed. the dedicayears before in the days and history Salt of Templesentation Lake

will be heard over station KSL at 7:30 tion. Each day Latterday Saints atNAME

greatest of in their services tending anniversary the all ADDRESS Duringp.m. MWT. Your orders will receive immediate themselves dedicate sanctuaries anew their assemblies in the auxiliariesweek attention. the for verities which the eternal to the event, to commemoratewill pauseand on April 11a special program pretemple stands—as enduring as the

pared by the Genealogical Society of craftsmanship of a pioneer people could

Utah is to be presented in Sunday evemake it, and eloquent with the devoning services throughout the Church, tion of fifty years.

with special honor to be accorded memAs long as that devotion continues, rising music in a like organ temple, attended the in the congregationbers who

Industry's frag of freedom of praise and thanksgivmighty 1893. hymn exercises inthe dedication air the above

plants of the the Farquhar rests more secure on a foundation goes ing, however, The commemoration,

Company presented by laid so carefully the cornerstones than that those In the same spiritdeeper. the for, and, Army, Navy

of mountain outstanding the reach production of "beneath themselves prepared generationsearlier war material. these undisturbed the Lord and in the House offor service ninety years—itfloods"FEB.8,1943AWARDEDand hastened its completion with their rests on the foundation of faith, the liv- *t* *

donations and the work of their hands, ing rock the fathers planted.

PIONEER DIARY (Continued from page 209) out to get work in the country. SevRich's Com[pany] about a half m[ile] eral of the companies move on. B [rigin front & Bishop Miller's in the rear, on ham's] and H[eber's] remain.

the opposite side of a stream call'd Big Th[ursday, April] 16. We move 6

Locust, thickly skirted 7 with timber, m's, encamp on theprairie in separate the a Pioneers whichover had made is situation fine—the companies—our I thinkbridge. the whole Here Camp file, in double 50 wagons being arrang'd

of Israel once more came together, with the appearance of a public square with perhaps the exception of Br. between. The prairie begins to look

[pany] Charles DeckSpencer's Com rattlesnakes make their apSPRAYER LUBRICATION arriv'd iner from. Nauvoo 4 days of our to the annoyance altho'green—thepearance much

it is nearly 9 weeks since we cross'd horses & cattle, several of them having PAYS DIVIDENDS bearing Metzgar, Tripoli,the river, our journey Lehigh County, New some been bit in trying to allay their hungry FrankPa., it found has to that keep his payslittle to that resemblance of the Camp appetites.* lubricated. crop sprayer well Age row He Ironhas

of Israel in former days. David brought a regular period of inspection during which

me a package this eve[ning] which termed8We "betweenwere travelinghay andin thegrass,"seasonand significantlythe teams, hefor goeswearoverand alllubrication.his machinery,In thischeckingway heitprov'd to be another token from S. M. feeding mostly on browse, wasted in flesh, and had has had the minimum amount of repairs.

I had butsee littlethe poorstrength;creaturesand itstrainingwas painful,everyat jointtimes,andto ofMr.whichMetzgarhe farmsplants ain totalpotatoes.of 160 Inacres,additionhalfKimball—a roll of neat gimp, yet

to regret that the envelop contain'd ligature, doing their utmost, and looking the very Mr. Metzgar planted over 150 acres of potatoes

only her signature & her love. pictureiands, whereof discouragement.spring rains hadWhensoakedcrossingthe themellowlow withPlanterhisfor2 hisrowneighbors.Iron Age Hehighprotectedspeed Potatoall the

stalled level acreage frequently they his ground, blight on with Iron and bugs from and 15th. April] with Wed[nesday, Saw

could teams, Sprayer. only coupling which Age move made by soil,we brother] pleasure Lforenzo [mymuch is all fighting slow America progress. in very out an war

is effects fever, food as chills aswar—a not which ammunition. the of important From and I since seen not he hadSnow] whom

to to time The equipment save or I strength Ihavehad been you have should not much, walk now left the sorry Chariton; the on last. Camp in and labor food after animals. halffamished guilty of those riding growing must more

painter's require a Keep what you have as well as you can. would and skill that Sarah hearto

sent as our encampment towereprefre- pencilwe stopped, when ague. thewith to did, to give a quently the jaded chance teams A Com[his [pany]wife] isof sickthe It

Pioneers with br. Yearsley are sent recuperate,and things andgenerally.—Elizaus a chance to R.straightenSnow, upquotedmattersin

(Tullidge), 312 p. establish sites Women of Mormondom, to IRON clear roads, designated men The YORK.AGEPA. & Limited, (Continued 252) A. B.FARQUHAR CO., page along on the way. hire as laborers outand

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1943 "L. D. S. TRAINING PAYS!'PIONEER DIARY

( Continued from page 25 1 that each one must help himself—he

Fr[iday, April] 17th. Mov'd 8 should divide no longer. The com[pany]

# m[ile]s, came up with Parley's voted to sustain him, or rather to sanccom[pany], encamp'd on a beautiful tion the measures adopted by the Countimber 'd ridge—but our com[pany] [cil]—he spoke of the great blessings

getting divided, we broke up again, of the Lord upon the Camp—that he

cross'd the stream and located on the never saw so little sickness among so prairie with Bfrigham's] com[pany] in many—that the feeble should become front, Miller's on the left; but before healthy—that Sis [ter] E[lizaR.] Snow

we started, I sent for L[orenzo Snow] should be able to walk 20 m[ile]s beat best for I thought over the Mtns. him to come While fore we get

ride P[orter] to Rockwell spoke Fameet[ingj M[arkham] saw & toldwith himus—Br.

ther K[imball], who said it would be up and after sup [per had the treat of a

Mrs. Fairbanks perfectly right for him to take the place letter from S[amuel M. Kimball.

he previously occupied. I found that Mon [day, April] 20th. Col. M [arkMrs. Maud Fairbanks has a job some disorder & apparently much dissatham ]'s family commenced weighing

isfaction existing advice their Heber's to flour throughout according was it. likes to But wants she—and lb. P[ratt]'s last [pany]. eve[ning], which A[masa] Lycom

for herself is a half6 prepare opporgreater pr. person. rear. in to journey the each Wrote one day's [pound] day man

tunities. believes the only She way April] 18th. breth- K[imball.] Sat[urday, to S[am'l.] The M.

it. to is better to get a job deserve

But how can a person doing "shift"work attend classes? SECOND STAGE OF THE

JOURNEY—FIGURES ALONG

Mrs. Fairbanks took the problem THE ROUTE INDICATE

to the L. D. S. Busines College MILES TRAVELEDDATES BETWEEN

and it was easily solved with a day - and - evening combination.

Teachers report that she is making excellent progress.

L. D. S. Business College methods of instruction, flexibility of

courses, and long experience in meeting the needs of young and notso-young—men and women are

your assurance that you, too, can get the kind of training you desire.

Visit the school or write for detailed information. New students

may register at any time. ren having met in Council, the word is Tu[esday, April] 21. L[orenzo]

for a com[pany] immediately to precame to our place, said P. [? ] was

pare for the mountains—those that have unwilling for him to leave—thought he

means are to go & the rest are to make would wind up his business after a short

river furnish themselves time & from ] M [arkham L D. X Business a farming establishment on the Grand time—brought a letter from A. L. L. to time going. Comfpanies] as will be move 8] or's and9 miles.L [orenzoHeber A Young's[? ]. Col.Tens

report of the means of each family is not being ready—the rest of the ComCollege to be made by the cap [tain] s of tens, [pany] remain. Brigham's Com [pany]

is to the submitted be to of a little ahead us—Miller's City which Salt Lake

[cil] on fire [day], decision a breaking he out when Mon Counbetween—butencamp 3-2765 Telephone will &>c. 's. be made, [righam] peomoves beyond Our B

ple fire the grass around their wagons 19th. [day, April] Sun A meeting its spread. to prevent in the 's forepart at B[righam] of the day

in rear; to- [pany] encamp'd our Com THE YEA&S TH&OUGU encampment and in the eve[ning] be- W[ednesday, April] 22d. Taylor's ours tween Taylor's. Elder (B[rig- &

leaf is loose journal, life narrative a pictorial A and fire night towards coming wards saw call'd at tent [Young] ha]m our door.) record instructions with book illustration and imus furious with men to one's how write history personal classificatrials on Elder the by T[aylor] of spoke rapidity—our 6c,

of tion as material one writes. Price and set fires $2.00 to mediately broader burn a he thought very postage. Sold the by Authors Wakefield, H. small—rejoic'dour Emma the space our around encampment, wind N. Univ. Ave., F. and 531 of Cottam, the Ramona of 71 our importance whichmuch—spoke East Provo, 4th South, also Utah; Deseret Book it that so strong being have would mission, said to those about him were Store, Salt City. Lake instantaneously. across almost swept act in political afimportant an part

getting ourselves secured we raise to going the After were fairs—they admiration gaz'd with & astonishment liberty of standard the around which

nations of the earth assemble. will yet OffER... WE lavish devouring Father K[imball] of the at the terrificelement—the& majesticflamesspreadrisingof theat spoke A COMPLETE

height of incredible to the times 30 & in manner which been provisions] had SERVICE ENGRAVING

Portraits to Missionary From the Largest that that to pursue many, used by of April the headthe 20th arrived we 9On

Catalogues of decided the River, where waters atwas Grand course bring destruction upon would Mail Orders Attention Given Prompt resting to establishment, a farming and to beit a make the Camp & we should be scatter'd to recruiting place for the saints who should follow us.

CO. UTAH ENGRAVING

St. 113 Regent Salt Lake City, Utah the four winds. Said it was impossible Eldersto presideBent,overBenson,it.—ElizaandR. FullmerSnow, quotedwere inappointedWomen

to take all over the Mt. [mountains]- of Mormondom, (Tullidge), p. 314

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1943

PIONEER DIARY 40 feet. I had often listen'd to and Mon[day, April] 27th. Commenc'd

read descriptions of "Prairies on fire,"raining very early in the morning.

painted, but highly too thought them& 1st. Fr[iday,] Kain'd every May reality the that "beggarscan now say Guard Carefully day Whiting & this week.—Warren fine.all description."Weather the to out with Pioneers go [Markham]

Th[ursday, April] 23d. Last night work. [My brother] Lorenzo arrivedwe had some heavy showers—Col. this eve[ning].

ourselves remainM[arkham]'s by Ten Tomorrows 3d. at Your Meeting Sun [day,] May are on com[panie]s moving—several in B[righam]'s the mor[ning]- Camp is cattle that get feedthe a good so Decision Your Will Today rain Br. powerful evefning],living swales. the streams low on &

last died Barney left We Thomasa innight—Br.the Position Determine Your of b[uzzard]s. potpie turkey ahad

yester[day]. N[auvoo] butter withOur rations we for the milk &

Tu[esday, May] 5th. Yesterday & Tomorrow they an abundance, werehave would be

rain today, the first without days well with shortsof very fine since YOU AND YOUR COUNTRY flour—do

here. exhibit stopp'd brethren The we is since commenc'dwhich all we have Experts say that teachers, chemists,

disposition the in obeying good rations find be their that would physicists,weight—I stenographers, economists, x/2 last instructions of Sunday, which were appetite sufficient as forquite me my nurses, dieticians recruited and must be s'i 'this to that all to should work go several for weeks.has been

11 from the ranks of women. etter plantation sent 6c. Yesterday, 24th April] Heber Fr[iday, & the

rest of the Com [pany ] come up but can to N[auvoo]12 to be mail'd for A inut YOU AND YOUR FUTURE go no farther today in consequence of Grove. You owe yourself an environment

his carriage horses having stray'd Wedfnesday, May] 6th. A heavy where you can grow gracefully and

thehear them in of slight rain wind, of storm afternoon—several intelligently. For whatever tomorrow & hail—some

snakebit. very Myselfanimals fallof the in injury consequence done brings, proficiency in essential some 25th. April] Wroteill. the Satfurday, trees. limbs ing of from spiritual held, a sound background, andfollowing

Forgot to mention the circumstance lasting friendships are fundamental to

To Mrs. Vilate Kimball of last Monfday]. Sis[ter] Whitney happiness.

us did the honor a bowl me & in Zion! presented belov'd much Thou

tent, in it at tea of drinking ColYOU AND YOUR PREPARATION our life is made Remember,

A doublesided picture, [onel] M[arkham]'s family having BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY offers

Contrasting light and shade. tented with Br. Dalton since separating an "around the calendar"training in

all from essential fields. Furthermore BYU Br. Yearsley—to prove us Father means Our provides for friendly association with 7th. Sis[ter] tried, fully Thfursday, we're May] when And

He will reverse the drawing Green buried today by the side of Br. students from many states and nations

side. the better are show friends who seeking And in are indied the country and out T[homas]—she

terested in 13 Sisat are work. a better developwhere the Pioneers world. The we'll be astonish'd, And then

That ignorance could throw [ter] D. Gleason commences boarding ment of spirituality and character is

Such dismal shades of darkness, with us. always emphasized.

Where light and beauty glow. Frfiday, May] 8th. The day fine. YOUR COUNTRY demands that you atThe mists that hide the future Spent it at Lforenzo] 's. tain to the highest skill of which you

vision thrown; round our Are (To be continued) are capable. YOUR FUTURE demands seeing, as seen, we're But when,

And know as we are known. utensiluOnlyout'he issickcalledare idle;into requisition,not a stove whileor cookingtubs, that you safeguard fundamental values.

Whatever seems forbidding, washboards,washing is beingetc.. doneare onehalfby the sidemile ofdistant,a streamwhereof Four Quarters Every Year

And tending to annoy, water beneath the shade of waving branches. I Summer Quarter Begins June 14 in the Sister department, washing join Markham like vanish, dull Will, shadows

of action, to the a ride where get buggy and to of joy. crowns Or turn fire in of others the the have boys waiting—whilescene

our mess [company] stop in the city and do the for dinner of our housekeeping, general and work of with some our Left encampment University Young Brigkm pottheir portion immense a generous us of send teams,the not having thirty wagons, of satisfy to the pie, about hunger designed Provo. Utah

is squirrels, quails, It of rabbits, stomachs. made about wentand ten m[ile]s—encamp'dsufficient of our of the etc., trophies success prairie chickens,

on a beautiful green prairie lawn by the hunters, of whom each division has its quota. Thus

from timeside of a small, timber'd stream—my which does tomuchtime inwelengtheningare suppliedoutwithour freshflour. meat,Ochealth so ill that I was obliged to ride casionally our jobbers take bacon in payment, but

I that article of that is so rancid have seen what bed.on my starvation tempt of short prospective would nothing

in eat quoted R. Eliza Snow, [day, of Read this true story about me to Women April] 26th. Went five Sun it.—

(Tullidge), 313 p. Mormondom. general the up withm[ile]s—came Grove, Illinois located parents Eliza's at Walnut of the Grand on the headwatersCamp,, after family—courageous living to your northeast ninetyfive miles of Nauvoo] [about

river, the place selected for the first the exodus from Kirtland and lived there until their farming establishment. [Garden Grove.] death.BMany of our Sisters walked all day, rain or

After the meetings of the day, where shine, and at night prepared suppers for their famiJrn theit was suggested that only men go over bedslies, inwithandnoundershelteringwagonstents,that containedand then theirmadeearthlytheir the [Rocky] Mtns., the brethren met in all. How frequently, with intense sympathy and

council to deliberate on measures, &c. admiration,of her own I fatiguewatchedandthe destitution,mother, when,she tookforgetfulunIf... fix in palatable form, the up, to pains milk abstaining wearied most from (By <o5pel (et & substi10 it out of as dealt she portion food, the allotted and is improving.) tea, healthtuting my hearts children, her the of homeless cheering was

A. by Dr. John Widtsoe lifted to believed, is I truly undulating while, as her was own God location a beautiful,Our

grove, which apparently may become inand,ferventaboveprayerall, thatthat theytheir livesmight mighthonorbehimpreserved,in the 141 pages: $1.25

for exile from religion the which she an home was in a short time, but of fruitsa garden THE IMPROVEMENT ERA to those her, precious the of for sacred sake once here. spirit rests notmy to her that committed ones care.—Eliza had R. 50 North God Main City St. Salt Lake

Snow, quoted in Women of Mormondom, (Tullidge),

MSee note 6 p. 312

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1943

SOLUTION OF MARCH PUZZLE Scriptural Crossword PuzzleThe First Disciples of Jesus

"And the two disciples heard him speak, and they followed Jesus."John 1:37.

><=><><=x><>a<=><>c><><><=9<>G>c><c><>c>G><>e><>c><

jror the HORIZONTAL

third In disciple favor of 29... TheTDril fc5riae saith 30 Association Parent Teacher "and unto him.. me"John 1:43

... 31 of thou "Rabbi, art the dye John 1:49 God"

. 32 of son the Simon "Thou art he brought.... to Jesus"John 1:42 r Acid"And.."John

36 Ephesians "and his... shall become a multitude"Gen. We have in stock the 1:42 48:19 "Then Jesus.. and saw them following"John

... 37 die"child 1:38 4:49 "come down John my stasmartest new wedding

is, to is cast Into the 38 "which to morrow day there any. thing come out of Nazareth"and "Can

..."Matt. 6:30 1:46 to carry tionary ever

... "of the 1:45 law"39 Moses John a AgesJohn whom

disciples"of his... answer"40 two and "John John 1:35.... prospective bride's happy John"Who1:22art thou? that we may give 41 called 1:42 "thou shalt be..."John

message.... Many 19 The (F. pi.) 46 City of Benjamin I Chron. 8:12

... over our heads"styles to select from.... 2223 LeftPart Guardof a circle 48 Ps."Thou66:12hast caused men to

25 "thou... the King of Israel"John 1:49 49 "He saith unto them,... and see"John 1:39

New and sparkling type 2726 Frustrate"when thou wast under the fig..."John 1:48 5152 "Philip"They camefindethand.....". whereJohn 1:45he dwelt"John 1:39

faces.... Prices moderate. VERTICAL

Prompt, courteous atten- 1 Simon's other name 22 "in the night.. of Moab is laid waste"Isa. 15:1

tion to all orders. Call in 2 "it was about the tenth..."John 1:39 24 "shewing the... tidings of the kingdom of God"

person or write. 3 "Behold1:47 an... indeed, in whom is no guile"John 28 Luke"Hereafter8:1 ye shall see heaven..."John 1.51

4 Waterfalls 32 "one... or one tittle shall In no wise pass"Matt.

5 Suffix denoting pertaining to 5:18

6 "I saw thee under the... tree'"John 1:50 33 Round molding (pi.)

7 Combining form meaning relation to the shoulder 34 Combining form meaning new first disciple The 8 "Then was Jesus... up of the Spirit"Matt. 4:1 35

first 36 "He 9 Opus 41 Small bed thou 1:48 10 "... knowest me"John Jke edJeseret r fewi f-msd findeth his own brother..."John 1:41

President 42 of the Royal Academy 1:44 16 "Philip. Bethsaida"John was..

29 Richards Street 18 "men know that ye... my disciples, if ye have 43 Hebrew measure

love"John 13:35 44 Woman's name

Salt Lake City, Utah 2019 Slip"so the last... shall be worse than the first"Matt. 45 1:46"Philip saith unto him, Come and..."John

27:64 47 North America

21 "which is by interpretation, A... "John 1:42 50 Mother

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1943

EVIDENCES AND RECONCILIATIONS {Concluded from page 225) are mountains on the moon is accepted of God, the source of strength and love is equally convincing. Man's knowlas a fact because thousands of normal and progress.

edge of the universe is not confined to people testify that they have seen them A supplementary evidence is the the narrowly limited senses of seeing, through the telescope. That prayers further historical fact that a number of

hearing, tasting, smelling, and tactile are heard; that guidance is received men have declared that they have seen

feeling. He has other senses which enfrom the unseen world; or that God God, and even spoken with Him, or that

able him to gather truth from the larger lives, have been testified to, throughout they have received messages from Him part of the universe beyond the reach the generations of time, by more thoufor themselves and others. The hisof eye or ear. The existence of such sands of honest, normal persons than toricity of their claims is in most cases

senses and fields is no longer questioned have ever testified to a scientific fact. well established. That which was done,

by sound thinkers. It is recognized that And, it is notable that there is full agreefor example, by Paul the Apostle and

in the invisible as in the visible world ment among the believers in God as to Joseph Smith the Prophet after their cause and effect travel together, and the nature of their experiences. The very heavenly experiences helps confirm the

may be sensed by the human organism; tests applied to the science of the extruth of their claims.

in ternal world, used properly be uses may these a personand that when powthen be may The existence of God spiritual experiences. theers, himself, in places tune, testing as it were, And verified nature, the from external from

equal should with be received to results receives pertaininghe knowledge effects of the "inner nature"man, from respect. of Scoffing is the refugethe universe part of the closed to the law, to the of conformity from God's and

grosser senses. uninformed. the statements of men who have seen

Such, for example, is the evidence of An evidence of the highest value reGod. The first three types of evidence

conscience. If one seeks to do right, mains. Millions of men and women rest upon the testimonies of hundreds

he is warned whenever he is tempted have come to be believers in God, and of thousands of men and women, into stray from the proper path. Similar have sought to place themselves in creasing tremendously the probability

is the evidence of prayer. The vast harmony with Him by yielding obediof truth.

will. result tomajority agree that have ence of they His a prayer mankind As

It be must added knowledge that no change.helps undergone the thoroughgoing solve a or people problems meet As

it is earnestly, be can won unless God fully, in of life. theyof results to the obedience accepted and of have The God

honestly, prayerfully sought. and Those sincerity, like this the furnish of evidence. haslaws change Lord more become

will receive the testiseek who thus the marked. have become more the law of obey They LordThey who

Ghost, that lawmony, by the Holy God abiding. increased sefind a not otherwise have to be joy in powThey

cured. From such conformity, prayer er. They have been more useful to lives.

and heed to conscience has come to society. They have learned to accept The knowledge so received is as genmillions of people the revelation, the the vicissitudes of life with more equauine as if God had revealed himself in

certain conviction, that God lives and nimity, and to look with more tolerperson. So, innumerable lovers of

guides His children on earth. The mesance upon their fellow men. Love has truth, who have sought Him in spirit

sage is as real as the words issuing from flowed from them. They are the ones and deed, have testified. No knowledge

the radio tuned to the broadcaster. who have moved the world forward. to them has become more certain than

Certain it is that man has within himThe study of the world's history justithat God lives and directs the affairs self the power to find and to know God. fies these statements. Believers in God of men. To them, "closer is he than

The reality and validity of such reflect His qualities, even as the warm breathing, and nearer than hands and knowledge or convictions, often called earth represents the warmth of the sun. feet"(Tennyson, The Higher Panspiritual, is now very generally admitUnder the law of cause and effect this theism ). And they are the happy ones

ted. It certainly should be. That there is a powerful evidence for the existence on earth.—/. A. W.

*Sure we save money!

"We've been saying 20% on our fire insurance every year since we changed over to General of

America. And it's toprated stock company

insurance, too—the best you can buy! Their

Preferred Risk Plan is what does it. You'd be

smart to look into it!

GENERAL Genera/ of America's Participating Preferred Risk Plan is INSURANCE CD to property available owners in Utah and most western OFAMERICA agent. your General states. Ask Womeffice

\\ if Stock Company Insurance—At Its Best!

GENERAL INSURANCE COMPANY OF AMERICA

GENERAL CASUALTY COMPANY OF AMERICA # ENERAL CO. FIRST NATIONAL INSURANCE

H. K.DENT, President SEATTLE OF AMERICAfGlT... Home Office:

Utah - Southern Idaho Service Office, 201 McCornick Bldg., Salt Lake City, Utah 255

LET'S SAY IT CORRECTLY FERTILE FIELDwuhpmhubanus visiting visit great States perthe of that truly the to famous a certain United Bermuda alienist was When a WITH official prominent first him. after happened to meet of the The official, China, Kaison and Chiang woman Madame

shek, we should know that while in America the surname apdiscovering that the alienist was authority on the mentally pears last, in China the opposite procedure is followed. The unsound, asked:

family name is Chiang, so if the entire name is not to be "Doctor, how do you really tell whether a person is insane?"

used, Madame Chiang is sufficient and correct, but it is never "Oh, we merely ask him a few questions which ordinary correct to say Madame Shek, since that would correspond to people can answer correctly."

calling her by her husband's first name, and would be com- "What type of question?"

parable to calling someone in the United States, for instance, "Well, replied the alienist, "this is the sort of thing. Captain

Madame Ernestine, instead of Madame SchumannHeink. Also, Cook made three voyages 'round the world and died on one

the famous Chinese author, Dr. Lin Yutang may be called of them. Which was it?"

Dr. Lin, but never Dr. Yutang. "Oh, I say,"objected the official, "I think that's a bit steep.

I'm not very good at history."

<s> El Paso, Texas NO NOVELTY HERE

Dear Editors:

"It in the in here carry says Egypt Joe: paper that women field in of the Bra. are the mission here very proud we Out their fruit of baskets heads."on It citing in instance, just instrumental, one was

that remarkable. "That's nothing so over Jim: do Women in wife Elder message. our comand a SeventhDay interestingMy call hats."here and 'em

I tried in his living wile every had panion and and were home literature. to influence to read of our them some knew we Our THESE CHANGEABLE WOMEN! futile until quite efforts on purpose, day one seemed we left,

an Era where they were sure to see it. Lo and behold, there Florist: "This corsage would be better for a blonde, and

was an article in it of a lady's conversion because of work for that one for a brunette."

led inquisitive, quite and it wife the became dead. The Elder's Customer: "Well, I haven't seen her for two days—I'D until early in the evening to conversation and lasted that began take both of them."

two o'clock in the morning. It is a testimony to me how the

people in to guide opportunity every uses Lord, economy, His that but of truth which WHEN "ADDITION"MEANS "SUBTRACTION"point that they to find do not have strikes that chord that for them has not been struck before. Neighbor (bearer of message, breathlessly): "You're

Sincerely your brother, wantedanother atrebate'ome,offCharlie.yer incomeYer wife'stax."just presented yer with

B. Easton Sampson,

I Mission Secretary. WHY HE HESITATED

—S> The hired man asked little Johnny to pass the salt. Looking

Berkeley heat hiswhispered.mother, the"Daddyboy hesitated.said he wasn't"ShallworthI giveit."him the salt?"Dear Editors:

also want to compliment you on the fine job of color matchUNROMANTIC MOTHER

I for of picture of the cover ing and depth and harmony is a trousseau?"the Marge: what "Mom, issue. October

it's the clothes a bride wears for six or seven Mom: "Oh, after I I have people read let other Era The Improvement

finished reading it and they have told me of the fine things years after she's married."

they have found in your magazine. Very respectively yours, CONSISTENT, ANYWAY

George E. Bain. "Don't you ever change your mind?"

"Not often any more. I've found that I'm just as likely to

PROOFING THE PROOFREADER be wrong on second thought as on first."

Prize copies of Gospel Standards have been awarded FROM ANOTHER RECIPE alert and from Texas readers to Maine from California errors discovered typographical for reporting to Canada in the She:He: "Well,"Why don'tyou see,thesetheytroopswereshowjustmorerecentlyginger?"mustered."

for February: Era

Willard D. Bergmann. Sandy. Utah; Mae Bergstrom, Los Angeles; Sherman INDISPUTABLE PROOF

S. Brinton, Baltimore, Md.; C. LeRoy Clayton, Salt Lake City; Mary Crofts,

Firth, Ida.; Marian Taylor Easter, Flushing, New York; Nina M. Faragher. Neighbor Girl: "What is the new baby at your house, a

Sacramento, Calif.; Eugene A. Gulledge, Charlotte, N. C.J Mrs. Elsie Hanson, boy or girl?"

Idaho Falls, Ida.; Gordon W. Jenkins, Fall River, Mass.; Bruce Jennings. Small Brother (disgustedly): "Aw, I guess it's a girl. I

Manti, Utah; A. Edwin Larsen, Burley, Ida.; Mrs. J. Berkeley Larsen, Firth, saw 'em use powder on it."

Ida.; N. P. Larson, Brookings, S. D.; Mrs. Nolan D. Lee, St. George, Utah;

Mrs. Elaine Little, Gridley, Calif.; Edmund L. McDougal, Fond Du Lac, JUST A MEMORY

Ida.; Ida.; Inkom, Olsen, Pocatello, Mittelstedt, E. Marvin Lester Mrs. Wis.;

"I A.: carry Mrs. suppose a you memento of some sort in I. Roberts, Logan, B. Utah; Postma, S. Arbor, Mich.; Perry. L. Ann J. Edward

of that locket yours?"City; Sampson, Salt Easton B. Sabin, Lake Alberta, Zara Canada; Raymond,

it is B.: of lock hair.""Yes, husband's a Mrs. my Ida.; Gooding, Jasper Mrs. Swensen, A. Mrs. Paso, Texas; Sherman El

is still alive."husband A.: your Mrs. "But Ariz.; Victor Williams, L. Wilkins, Mesa, George Franklin. Maine; Wilbur,

: is his hair B. "Yes, but gone."Mrs.

Price, Utah.

By way of introducing the "proofreader invitational,"awards BOBBY'S GOOD TURN to not merely for more were February regions, Sunday School Teacher: "How many of you made somethan generous—goingeach of the six contest to report from first person the

but to the first reporting each error. In the ensuing contest, one happy last week? All right, Bobby, and what did you do?"

six presentations will be made monthly as a regular feature. Bobby: "I went to see my grandmother and she was very

We appreciate the wide participation, and the good fun all happy when I went home."

having. to be seem

will be announced next month. Meanwhile, A CONFESSION awards March

we invite you to report errors found in the present issue to be "My wife has been nursing a grouch all week."

postmarked on or before April 25. "Had a cold, have you?"

:.::

>*&&$$ffl?\\ Specifies When Your Doctor

CARROTS STRAINEP

For your baby's sake, taste his food—yourself! See why so many mothers spend

their ration points for Heinz Baby Foods!

ryHERE are definite reasons why * so many American women write Heinz Strained Foods on their ration shopping lists! These foods

have a delightful fieldfresh flavor—a smooth, fullbodied texture—

an inviting natural color which

C (i- have won te confidence and ap2sy proval of the nation's mothers

Rushed From Fields To Kitchens

Carefully And Constantly Tested

Because strained foods must be packed fresh to be uniformly fineScientific cooking and vacuumpacking in flavored and highly nutritive, our imenamel-lined tins also serve to retain vitamins maculate modern kitchens are located and minerals in high degree. And constant tests

in the midst of the nation's best growby Heinz Quality Control Department make ing regions. Thus vegetables can be certain of this uniform nutritive content. Order

harvested at their flavorful prime readyto-serve Heinz Strained Foods—give baby

and packed within a few hours! the foods he needs and enjoys!

17 Strained Foods From Which To Choose 1. Vegetable Soup with Cereals and 8. Peas. 9. Beets. 10. Green Beans. Listen to

Yeast Concentrate. 2. Beef and Liver 11. Carrots. 12. Asparagus. 13. Mixed INFORMATION PLEASE

Soup. Soup. 14. 4. Beef Broth Cereal. Prunes with Lemon Juice. every night Monday Barley. with and Vegetables Beef3. Tomato 16. Pineapple. and Apricots

10:30 6. E. W.T. Greens.5. Mixed 7,Spinacb. 17. Lamb. Sauce. and Sauce. and15. PearsApple Apple

12 Mildly Seasoned, Highly Nutritive Junior Foods—Chopped N.B.C. Network

Food Combinations Designed For StrainedFood Graduates 1. Creamed Diced Vegetables, 2. Chopridge. 7. Chopped Carrots. 8. Chopped Green Beans. 3. Creamed Green ped Mixed Vegetables. 9. Lamb

Vegetables. 4. Creamed Tomato and Liver Stew. 10. Pineapple Rice

and Rice. 5. Chopped Spinach. Pudding. 11. Prune Pudding. 12. Ap-

6. Chicken Farina Vegetable Porple, Fig and Date Dessert.

Baby Foods HEINZ THESE TWO SEALS

YOUR RATION POINTS ARE LIMITED—BE SURE YOU BUY CAREFULLY MEAN PROTECTION FOR BABY

>nethird of the nation's copper..

..ffh of her molybdenum! Bingham

is a mountain of strength in the fight

for national arsenal security—a mighty

of the sinews and materials of war.

For personal security—to provide

iat those who look to you shall 3ve the necessities of life, the comforts an cj the advantages you are now able to give them—there is a

mountain of strength at your lommand when you hold a Beneficial Life policy.

MMneber.J. Grant, Pres. S*lf Uke Qtv Utah