'5,5*i

i.

K

.w* '.*?"* # Yi

.';-.;iSu t-*.":-:;'S:-'

The Improvement Era February 1963 what Makes a University Great?

1. HIGH QUALITY STUDENTS - BYU students are in deof because mand superior education of mind, body, and spirit MORE FOR YOU AT BYU social climate. in an ideal

Accredited by highest professional agen- 2. WELL TRAINED FACULTY - BYU faculty members

cies.

Their in TOO universities been educated have and colleges.

standards are high but they give personal attention. Offers doctor's, master's, bachelor's degrees

and twoyear certificate.

3. WELL EQUIPPED CAMPUS - BYU s beautiful nev High academic standards with special accampus has 100 major permanent buildings, ample classrooms celerated program for gifted students,

and laboratories, millionvolume library. semester system, excellent scholarship pro-

4. THAT CERTAIN SPIRIT - BYU offers all the advangram. Scholarship recognized.

tages of a big university, all the friendliness of a small college. Successful, democratic student activities

Student, religious, cultural activities thrive. program. Club and church activities not

exclusive but open to all.

CLIP AND MAIL Comfortable, pleasant, attractive housing.

The nation's top lecture, concert, and asTO: sembly series.

University Relations Division Religious activity for all, with 33 IDS wards

Brigham Young University, Provo, Utah and three stakes on campus, devotional

Please send me free of charge additional information sermons by General Authorities of the

Church. Every student takes a religion

about BYU. I am especially interested in class.

One of the nation's most beautiful campuses. Further expansion is under way.

Name

Address City State Brigham Young University

Exploring the Universe

By Dr. Franklin S. Harris Jr.

SLEEP LOSS

Tests with humans on the results of fatigue and sleep loss have found that there is surprisingly little decrease in performance even after several days without sleep. Recent

work at the National Institute of

Mental Health with monkeys has given similar results but also found that the extent of the drop in performance was dependent on the previous experience with the fatiguing task.

TRANSURANIUM ELEMENTS Take the Supreme Test!

There are now 11 transuranium elements which have been created There is a difference in saltine crackers... and identified, with a total of nearly

100 isotopes, all radioactive. and, when you take the "Supreme Test",

you'll discover that new, improved Supreme Saltine Crackers are the thinnest,

crispest, best tasting crackers you've ever

MORSE CODE eaten. Get a package next time you shop

The familiar Morse code used in telegraphy consists of each letter...and, enjoy 'em often!

being represented by some combination of long and short sounds, electric currents, or light flashes. The code "'fjfT-.

was designed with the more frequently used letters having shorter combinations. Could we make a

better code for faster sending of messages in English by changing the code? Examination with the help of

modern mathematical theory indicates that we could only improve the speed by fifteen percent. This is

interesting because as Dr. J. R. Pierce

has noted, the frequencies of letters in English was not determined for

Morse by counting in English text but by assuming they were the same SUPREME BAKERSas the number of types in the various compartments of a printer's type box. BOWMAN BISCUIT COMPANY

Denver and Salt Lake City

FEBRUARY 1963 65 The Improvement Era The Voice of the Church

Official organ of the Priesthood

Quorums, Mutual Improvement Associations, Ward Teachers, Music

Committee, Department of Education, and other agencies of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

Contents for February 1963 Volume 66. Number 2

Church Features

The Editor's Page: The Good Turn, President David O. McKay 76 ART AND PHOTO CREDITS:

Your Question: Is Euthanasia or Mercy Kilhng Ever Justifiable? 76 Photo, Pres. McKay: Ralph Clark

President Joseph Fielding Smith - 78 808182. Photo:Art: ClaudellTony SmithJohnson

President McKay Honored 82 8687 DaveBoy: BurtonMarilyn Bryner; Bicycles:

93 Photos: Walt Lillian, Don Blair

The Church Moves On, 72; Melchizedek Priesthood, 116; Presiding Bishopric's Page, 118. 94 Photo: Walt Lillian

9697 Art: Dave Burton

9899 Photo: Lorin Wiggins

116117 Art: Unknown; Photo: Ralph

Special Features 118119ClarkArt: Ted Nagata

120121 Art: Phyllis Luch; Photo: Ruth

Abraham Lincoln and His Gettysburg Speech, Gideon }. Carpenter 80 124 Art:WidmarTed Nagata

Era of Youth, Art: Edward Maryon;

Fifty Years of Scouting, D. L. Roberts 88 Photos: Russ Davey, Ronald

Hughes, Paul Nelson, Lorin Wig- "... back to MIA activity,"Doyle L. Green 92 gins, Ralph Reynolds, others.

"... valiant in the cause of Youth,"Doyle L. Green 94 AU other art and photos, Ralph Reynolds

Genealogy, Teamwork through a Family Organization 96 Studio

Music in the Sacrament Meeting, /. Spencer Corntvall 98

"Because of Thy Faith,"Alma P. Burton 100

The Spoken Word from Temple Square, Richard L. Evans 102, 103, 107

THE ERA OF YOUTH.129

Exploring the Universe, Franklin S. Harris, Jr., 65; These Times: Personality, Society, and

Culture, G. Homer Durham, 68; Letters and Reports, 74.

Today's Family: Florence B. Pinnock, Editor

Heart Warming.120

Dining Out Can Be Family Fun, L. /. Goodyear 124

Stories, Poetry

The Same Mistake Twice, Gary L. Kissler 86

Poetry 70, 109, 22

The Improvement Era Offices, 135 South State Street, Salt Lake City 11, Utah

NOTE COVER Editor; Editors; O. L. Evans, Mflnosnirr Richard C. Associate Josephson, Editor; Green, and David Marba Managing Doyle McKay L. Zobeix, Albert

F. Editori(d Editor; Ari.ene Larsen, Research Judith H. Associates; Stephan, Grant,L. Reed Carter Pinnock, Editor; Blake, Florence Today's Family MarJr., artist painting famed by A ion Era Editor; Editor; Direction: Associate Art D, The Youth Era Youth Hanks, Elaine of Cannon, The Studio. ReynoldsB. of Ralph cover for Rockwell Norman

S. Harris, Nibley, G. B. Sidney Durham, Franklin Sperry, Contrihutin}: Editors. Homer A. Gardiner, E. Hugh Tanner, Alma Nathan is It the through usedis our February. G. General Smith, Manager; Carlos Jr.,Floeence Jr. Associate S. Jacobsen. General Manager; Manager; Subscription Business F. Scoit, Verl Snarr, A. Glen Scouts of courtesy the Boy Director: Advertising Director. Evans, Thayer

of America.

Inc., Funds, Copyright 1963 by Mutual published of and Christ Saints. All rights by the Associations of Latterday Mutual Improvement of Jesus Church The

reserved. Subscription price year, S3.00 a foreign in advance; subscriptions, issues. in advance; for special single S3.50 a year, copy, except 35c

Entered of Octoberat the1917,PostauthorizedOffice, SaltJuly Lake2, 1918.City, Utah as secondclass matter. Acceptance for mailing at special rate of postage provided for in section 1103. Act

is for Era not responsible Improvement unsolicited The of 2c are at the rate for manuscripts Manuscripts contributions. on acceptance paid but welcomes

a word and must sufficient accompanied be for delivery postage return. by and

lithographed in full color Cover is Thirty notice for days'required of address. change Address issue a recent of the magazine. ordering a please include address change, slip from When

changes by Deseret cannot unless as the old be address included. well as the made News Press. one is new

66 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA new 1. Treasures books of Life

by President David O. McKayfor a Wisdom and counsel from

the pen of the Lord's living mouthpiece. A

volume of inspiration for hours of pleasure throughnew out the New Year. $4.95

year

2. Behold the 3. The Challenge

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve Lamb of God by Elder Alvin R. Dyer,

by the late President An inspiring book that will provide

J. Reuben Clark, Jr. the reader with new insights into

A compilation of masterful disgospel truths and fire one with encourses from the pen of one who thusiasm for spreading the gospel spent a lifetime declaring the dito the four corners of the earth.

vinity of the Son of the Living God. $2.75

A challenge to everyone to read $3.95

4. Book of Mormon

in Living Sound The dynamic recorded version of the Book of

Mormon that includes a portfoho of Arnold

Friberg's Book of Mormon paintings, prefaced by Elder Marion D. Hanks. Inside covers of Still only

two finely bound albums contain Elder Gordon

B. Hinckley's dynamic explanation of the

Book of Mormon. Recorded by two of the

Church's finest professional voices! $5.00 down

and $5.00 a month. Postage anywhere in the

United Stales $1.20. $4995

DESERET BOOK COMPANY, 44 East South Temple

Salt Lake City, Utah

I have an account, please charge Amout enclosed: HeretCOMPANY Book Gentlemen: Please find enclosed check.... money order.... 44 EAST SO. TEMPLE AND AT COTTONWOOD MALL $ for encircled numbered items: 12 3 4

SALT LAKE CITY Name 2472 BLVD., WASHINGTON OGDEN Address 777 SO. MAIN CALIFORNIA ST., ORANGE,

City Zone State....

Residents of Utah includes 3% sales tax.

FEBRUARY 1963 67 USE BASIC-H Personality, the Family, Culture TO and Society Raise Funds THESE TIMES By Dr. G. Homer Durham

We are prepared to help groups and President, Arizona State University, Tempe show them how they may earn from $100 to $400 regularly each month.

Some Stakes are coordinating the work of their Wards and Branches and are earning additional funds for their building projects. Mission Districts or Branches may raise funds

for their worthy causes.

Use BASIC-H... to supplement your personal inra

come. We have a wonderful plan for

those who wish to earn extra money each month.

Use BASiC-H... to build a career. We have an

outstanding product and the finest sales plan available in the United for those haveStates today who of society continues of kingdom. God's nature to model a The the organizationsales have or who of times. In these issue circumstances our can major be the we

one.ability to forni

families, on. issues our groups, the review cold goes But own war The

are age old. Is man, endowed witli and activities with profit?

What is BASIC-H? individual personality, to be afforded Some will say yes, believing that

Basic- H is the ideal allsurface maximum opportunity (freedom, we there is an important role for the cleaner. It is a combination of oils call it) to develop in optimum ways? application of individual intelligence

wonderful for washing dishes, Or, at the other extreme, is he to be in such matters, and that men should clothes, floors, walls and fixtures. molded, shaped, and trained to be anxiously "engaged"in good

Because Basic-H contains no alkameet the requirements of mass causes, "according to their own free lis or other harsh ingredients, it is organization? Individualism? Or will."Others will answer no, beunequalled for cleaning hands and robotry? lieving that the individual intellifor bathing and shampooing. In this milieu readers of this gence has for its main function the

column may well indulge the quesfollowing of the model set forth in

Mail Coupon Below tion, what is the model of society official life. To this group, the

we are seeking to establish? In the important thing is to get on the right

DON lYMAN family? In the state, church, and train and stay on; to follow is suffi9th South East 1087

5, City Salt Lake Utah society? With other Christians the cient. The latter seem to be larger

Please send me the following: answer naturally follows: The kingin nimibers than the former. Yet in

BASIC-H dom of God. every ward, singing the same hymns,

1 -Quart Sample-2 Squeeze Bottles $2.00 What kind of a model for the showing the same percentage of

LYMAN'S DAILY SUPPLY family, for society, is the kingdom activity (more or less), will be inTABLETS VITAMINMINERAL it persuasions. of dividuals 'Does These of both place maximum God?

Bottle) (1 $8.95 Tablets n 500 of are individuals often of the stress the development on unaware 1.95 Bottle) (1 Tablets 100 n

SURE MEAL to Reduce individuality? Or upon producdifference in their approach. It is

n 20Meal Size $ 4.75 n Chocolate ing robotry? the genius of the Church that both

D 40Meal Size 9.00 n Vanilla As one surveys the history of the attitudes, and both sets of individ-

n 240Meal Size 45.00 n(Butterscotch)Maple past two thousand years, including uals, if active, eventually lead to-

I am intereste in ( ) FundRaising contemporary Christendom—Eastern, ward the same end—so far as can

n Supplementing My Income Roman, Protestant, or otherwisebe observed by human eyes. The

D A Real Career one may find both types of social results, from the standpoint of perMy Name system. All profess to pursue the sonality, are personal development,

My Address

City Zone.. State..

68 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA greater capacity, acquisition of experience in organization, leadership skills, greater productivity, increases in earning power, increase in education and talents. Socalled "blind

followers"open their eyes through activity; and nonconforming "free

thinkers"come to accept essential conformity.

Were it possible for all to con- %\ sciously bear in mind a working... rates a Bigelow on the floormodel of the kingdom of God, the A title on the door

earth society might on a humanway little S. In position p. birds an admirable produce? lay to make Then down a

indiof rate the it speedbe, would associates out! Bigelow your and quiet watch put For in a Quonset, nothing comall concerned? progress? Forvidual respect like a Carpet. designs, Bigelow Special colors mands available. and textures

Faith says yes. Experience says yes. Write for our colorful free brochure on Bigelow commercial carpets to Dept. A,

withIntelligence, combined hard 140 Madison Avenue, New York, N. Y. People who know...buy BIGELOW.

results. enhanced produceswork,

The words of President Heber J.

Grant quoted from Emerson come mind: "That which we persist in

doing becomes easy; not that the

nature of the thing has changed, but that our power to do it has increased."Science and psychological

the answer.research suggest same

of kingGO TOGETHER... God's the model What is

dom on earth, the kingdom of God, that the searching, wideranging believer, or a loyal, devoted, habituated follower, can both utilize?

Does your quorum, ward, family, measure up? The literature of the Ghurch is WITHHOME

filled with pithy statements on this theme. For example, review thediscourses of Brigham Young. PresiSTUDY—

dent John Taylor dwelt much on this subject. of the Church. So have all other Presidents PLEASE SEND FREE IJdTesV

Set forth in section 134 of theDoctrine and Covenants, the DeclaHOME STUDY city state.

ration of Belief "concerning governCATALOG to: to; home study

ment and laws in general"sets up BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY PROVO, UTAH the rights of individuals. This significant statement, published in LEARN

the1835, states concept that no soSACRAMENT TRAYS AT P.B.O. Approved successfully inciety can exist and

peace unless all individuals are ac100% DRIPLESS HOME!

at homecorded the right to life, the right WaterBottomTrayof $7.00water - trayMatchingholds Breadall usedTray cups.$3.00—Beto yourplay ownpianoteacher.or any Learninstrumentquicklyright away.

pictured it easy. cost. lessons Famous make Low INC. CO., PLASTICAL students. 1,000,000 book. salesman. FREE No

Gardena, 13012 So. Normandie, of Studio S. School 1202, Music, Calif. U. Port A

Washington, L. I., N. Y. Licensed, N. Y. State

Educa. Dept. Tear out ad.

FEBRUARY 1963 09 A TOTAL ELECTRIC and control of property, and liberty be developing her fine nonacademic of conscience. talents—and vice versa? One of the

is to the know that a thing GOLD rightsWhenof life,availablefree controlin a ofgroup,propertythe greatdifferencefeats (1)of wisdombetween and conscience lead naturally to is good and a thing that is evil, and

MEDALLION personalitiesgreater expressionand socialof the differencesdiversified necessarily(2) a thingevil,thatbutis goodonly differentand not with which men are endowed. from another good thing.

HOME JamesIn theMadison,Tenth fatherFederalistof thepaper,ConworldEach is individualdifferent. bornEach intomemberthe

stitution of the United States, wrote baptized into the Church is differthat "the protection of these faculent from every other member. Often

ties [of man] is the first object of these diverse personalities sort government."From the protection themselves into different "cultural"

of these diflerent and unequal faculgroups, even within families. Not

ties of mankind, Madison explained every family "thinks alike"and is the "division of society into different "closeknit,"say in matters of poliinterests and parties."tics or music appreciation. In a

There may not be different groups ward we tend, in our minds, to diin the Church. But different intervide our fellow beings into two

ests are obvious, beginning with the groups: (1) "the active"; and (2)

A wonderful new takescradle roll.of a Onenewof teacher,the commonquorummis- "thewe have,inactive."in everyPerhapsward, onethe secondreason

way to live president, or other officer, is to asgroup or the "inactive,"is because sume that his quorum members, "the active"fail to understand comSunday School class, MIA gathering, the have each or members same interests! difPRAYER FOR A MISSIONARY Actually they have

UTAH POWER & LIGHT CO. ferent personalities, different interBY ZARA SABIN

Buy now from your dealer ests, and derive from different Here, dear Father, is a son of thine, "home cultures."seeking to serve. Help him to know

Madison wrote with respect to the truth as thou hast taught it; thy

government under the Constitution design of the United States (a civil governfor mortal life; the way to grow

ment which, like the Church, recto perfect manhood—(patterned after

ognizes such rights) that "The thee—);

regulation of these various and to learn that study, work, and prayerFILMS interfering interests forms the prinbring rich reward; to ask on bended

cipal task of modern legislation, and knee involves the spirit of party and facthy sustenance and watchful care.AND PRINTED perrqu tion necessary in the and ordinary

For any 6, 8 or 12 Exposure B A W Roll operations of the government."Give him, dear Lord, a deep humilJUMBO PRINTS only 35c per Roll The same task confronts a quorum ity,

try to substitute COLOR FILM president,teacher. Butwardwebishop, or auxiliary the will to do, and the light to see.

DEVELOPING instructionlation,"replacingand leadershipthe "spiritforof "reguparty pletely some of the personality types and differences which make up the KODACOLOR and faction"with patience, long- 8-Exposure Roll per suffering, and "love unfeigned."socalled "inactive."

Dev. and Pfinting $2.55 roll Madison held that there were two There are many types of people.

Dev.1 2-Exposureand PrintingRoll $3.00 perroll methods of curing "the mischiefs,"Not everyone is a "Gung Ho!"indiColor Reprints 20c each flowing from individual differences, vidual—full of vitality; one hundred

COLOR SLIDES Thelibertyonewhichwouldisbeessentialby "destroyingto its existthe vidualspercent arein everything.certainly to Suchbe envied.indiSlid es Color per 135 mm is so deNot everyone endowed and ence."would The other be to give

exp., 20 Dev. and Mount $1.35 roll

so individuals are citizen Some opinions, the veloped. "every the same Slid es Color per 1 35 mm

36 exp., Dev. and Mount $2.40 roll same passions, and the same intercompletely gregarious as to want,

per Color Movie of in constantly, the midst that to be wrote such ests."Madison

25'Roll $1.35 roll 8 mm, contrast groups. is the In dislarge the than remedies were "worse

artistic type, deupon often see parents ease."we whom do we How PHOTOSGENEALOGY art, for our our music, our in zeal pend associates with working of OLD and NEGATIVES MADE architecture hymns, of our effort divert to individuals much the away each. PRINTS 60c PHOTOS,

sculpture. require people and tonatures These their Godgiven from each 4c of NEGATIVE,

this solitude. requires Scholarship as Such other model? some Send coin only - no CO.D.'s wards quiet. Dr. withdrawal in a same and to continue forcing a daughter MoneyBock Guarantee university when she should really [Continued on page 114)

SAM'Sp. O. Box 1 1 1 5 Dept.PHOTOAA Salt Lake City,LABUtah

70 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA lormaiL';;wialn of t

1 THE MASTERFUL 5 YOUNG BRIGHAM

DISCOURSES OF VOl'N'ByS.DilworthYo"n8

ORSON PRATT By N. B. Lundwall Afascinalingt'of'VasTe?

ic ren---. in Classic tk'- 't This great Brigia"'/ of print, out, of long '-irature.

'i-SSXr? this great w;

convenient v( Has lad. Lundwall

of into mount J hrilling boo j.-ow,;;;;'"; Growth,, YOU

ioS"""b/'a f tutu tense ophet """anS

OroSjentrj/eseiJ,; TEACH

"arious J3.95

Never I 2JHEUPW;Rygv?.Si.i

''10 a tregreater

i ontheaSioniessaA spark'S/Bliant - iiseiui a.wide'""r;riPrinteo %vers at

Doo''by7.pop""it.Prif.>.iihn.his nirs aimed

"irieiy.,e reader 5,jn

ndappf''tififl

Please send me the following circled books, for which I enclose check or money order for $ 3 4 5 6 IName.. 12

Address.

City.... Zone State.

FEBRUARY 1963 71 your -<Uy'IM The Church Moves On Time and health are vitally important in your life. Yes, with

the LEE HOUSEHOLD AUTOMATIC ELECTRIC FLOUR MILL, you are insuring "upto-theminute"freshness in your baking. You

and your family will be happy recipients of truly healthful s living.

INVEST IN A LEE NOVEMBER 1962 HOUSEHOLD FLOUR MILL Stone Grinding I The First Presidency announced the appointment of Elder L.

Automatic Mission. of president the North He Garrett German Myers as

of this the time Maycock. At C. President Portable succeeds Howard Electric

of the as serving a appointment, member President was Myers Clioi<(.'mills. for 4 Write

(in (ifSavt'introductory is bishop former council. a Bonneville high Stake (Utah) He otfer. |)ricf.-ilHour Scntl with coupon

.>- (ir cliocii nioric.v for order year he ago a of Until Salt Thirtythird the City Ward. Lake stiiiii11). pU:x.. Ljrinind day

.'iliippcd. of the Church. Society of served as the Genealogical superintendent

LEE ENGINEERING CO., Dept. IE 1062 He served in the SwissGerman Mission from 1926 to 1929. With

Ave., Wisconsin 2023 Milwaul<ee W. 1, Wis. Myers, will this Smith to wife, Emily mission assignment him go his

... 5-lb. Flour, ppci. pkg. Smith Deaf Only SI. 50 the are a son, Myers. Wallace, a nephew, The couple and David

... Flour, Minn. 5-lb. Wis. pptd. pkg. Only $1.00

of five children. parents

Name Street Elder Donald S. Reber sustained as president of Monterey

City, State Bay (California) Stake with Elders Ariel C. Merrill and Boyd

Leon Smith as his counselors. They succeed President James

N. Wallace, Jr., and his counselors Elders George W. Wheatley and

dignity, Lynn R. Hansen.

comfort and beauty-- Los ElderAngelesWilliam(California)Evans StakePerkeswithsustainedElders asJ. presidentMartell Birdof Eastand

plus the privacy of F.andGeorgehis counselorsGibson. EldersThey succeedStanley C.PresidentKimball,FauntleroySr., and JosephHunsakerT.

individual seating Edmunds, Sr.

?,1!, '-'V-- DECEMBER 1962

With traditional dignity and beauty, and the modern convenience and The First Presidency announced the appointment of Elder of comfort coilspring seats, these ideal chairs are of Wayne C. Player as president of the Central States Mission. for your house

worship or auditorium. Maximum He succeeds President G. Carlos Smith, Jr., who has been sustained

is in privacy inherent the individual styling of unit, EzyLift as general superintendent of the Young Men's Mutual Improvement the each and seats provide ample passageway. Association. At the time of this call President Player was serving as

Luxurious HeywoodWakefield filled in the Stake. a mission of Taylorsville president (Utah) He

is in seating available a wide as athletic served years has Central States some thirty of ago. He variety aisle ends, beautiful

colors, and fine fabrics. Write today director in MIA Division 10, member of a bishopric, stake MIA for free catalog.

superintendent, counselor in the North Jordan Stake presidency, and as bishop of Taylorsville Ward. With him to the mission field

will go his wife Mrs. Mary L. Ramshaw Player and two of their

three children.

The appointments of Katherine B. Cannon, Ruth C. Bacon, and

Phyllis C. Jacobson to membership on the general board of the

Young Women's Mutual Improvement Association was announced.

The First Presidency announced the appointment of Elder

Justus Ernst of Salt Lake City to head the translation department of the European Mission. He succeeds Elder Ted Mebius who will

return to the United States. The translation office is in Frankfurt,

.tk. Germany. Translation work will deal with German, Danish, NorHEYWOOD-r

WAKEFIELD IIW wegian, Swedish, Finnish, and Italian correspondence and literature.

HEYWOOD'WAKEFIELD, MENOMINEE, MICH.

72 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA (loklcn

I Beihf

1. 2. 3. 4.

WHY I BELIEVE GOLDEN NUGGETS of THOUGHT MINUTE MASTERPIECES SOMEWHERE I'VE READ

By George Edward Clark By Ezra Wlarler by Lucy Gertsch by Lucy Gertsch Thompson

LIMITED OFF'to demonstrate How membership in the IDS Books tlo**

Club can keep you from missing the particular books you want to read..

5. ANY 4 OF THESE $1.00 6. 7.

STORIES TREASURED

by Lucy Gertsch Thomson BOOKS FREE STORYby AlbertWISDOML. Zobell, Jr. THOUGHTSby Albert L. FORZobell,TALKSJr.

if you agree to buy as few as one book every three months. With I

every 4 books you accept after

Story tJllOtt'S a becoming you member, receive 'Seedlil STORY Am a of free fifth book your choice TELLER'S a savings of 20% SCRAPBOOK [}R FREE BOOKS, 9.

STORY QUOTES MAIL COUPON TODAY! SERMON SEEDLINGS STORY TELLER'S SCRAPBOOK

by Albert L Zobell, Jr. by Albert L Zobell, Jr. by Albert L. Zobell, Jr.

Story /Hetter BEACONS:$icrmos

11.- 12. 14. 15.

STORY BEACONS STORY SERMONS A LETTER TO MY SON A LETTER TO MY DAUGHTER TREASURES UNEARTHED by Albert L. Zobell, Jr. by Albert L. Zobell. Jr. by Ora Pate Stewart by Ora Pate Stewart by Ora Pate Stewart

.DS Books Club, Inc.

Box 4001188 South Main Salt Lake City 10, Utah 'lease enroll me in the LDS Books Club and send me postpaid the book checked at the right as my first Choose your selection from selection, regular price enclosed. I understand I w/ill receive the 4 books circled below as my free gift for these choice books:

joining will a now. alternates selections Forthcoming described to be monthly and me in

The Carpet Red bulletin decline the printed by returning and always any simply form I may book

Taft Ezra proBy Benson $3.50

I vided. to agree few three the next during every book as months buy as one

12 months and I may resign anytime thereafter. I will receive a BONUS book for every House of the Lord

four additional books I accept. My check or money order for $ is enclosed. by James E. Talmage $3.50

for Living Patterns

IVIark E. Petersen $3.50 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 By

Name. Glory of the Sun The,... n Address...,. Sill Sterliiig By W.

City...MJiiHBZone The Myth Makers $3.50

By Hugh Nibley $3.50

.D.S. Books Club, Inc

1188 SOUTH MAIN P.O. BOX 400 SALT LAKE CITY 10, UTAH

FEBRUARY 1963 73 CHORAL MUSIC Singing Mothers Ward Choirs Stake Choirs MUTUAL QUARTET MUSIC Women's—SSAA

Men's-TTBB MixedSATB ORGAN & PIANO BOOKS Sacred Secular Standard Pop

Elson's Pocket Dictionary.....75

Elson's Complete Dictionary 2.50

Fundamentals of Conducting Cornwall 1.00

Director Batons 25c to 2.10

Metronomes 14.95

For All Your Musical Program Needs

Write For Free Samples Ask For Our Choral Catalog

Music Co

327 BROADWAY IDAHO FALLS, IDAHO David Clark, former YMMIA general

Stewart Grow, Crockett; back row, Clyde

Broadbent, Larry Lloyd, Jr., RobertNO RISK! EightRECEIVEExplorersAWARDSof the Oak Hills Fourth superintendent Joseph Bentley, Bishop

YOUR GROUP CAN RAISE $100 TO Ward, East Sharon ( Utah ) Stake recently Stephen Nelson, Arthur Pheysey, and ward received their Duty to God awards. PicYMMIA superintendent John Swindle. Not

$2500 IN 4 T0 15 DAYS WITHOUT RISK tured are: first row (1-r), George Taylor, pictured: James Calder.

OR INVESTMENT THROUGH MASON'S THANKS FROM NORWAYPROTECTED FUND RAISING PLAN

CONGRATULATIONS counthe of throughout groupsTliousands gift informing for card the Thank you famous liiive conducted successfullytry finest the I November will Congratulations receive on that Improvement The me DRIVES, FUNDRAISING PROTECTEDMASON is seen. Everyone gift I this that ever at I have from Era. Era overjoyed am withcoinpletely quickly andraising money reprothe wonderful about commenting Healy. Mr.

. choice a supply or investmentout risk We paintings. Apprefine of such ductions I privilege reading of this wonthe had

of topquality mason candies, beautifully derful magazine around Christmas time. ciate also the appearance of my poem in

boxed. At no charge to you, each package Being a new member of the Church here such a lovely edition.

has an attractive, printed band, bearing in Stavanger, and as I am British born, Sincerely yours, your organization's name, picture and slo- I have been able to read this fine literaAlma E. Gvgi

gan. We even prepay shipping charges! You ture over and over again and derived great Salt Lake City, Utah

make a big net profit of 66%% (40( on blessings therefrom. These great men who

in a and dynamic gospel such us give the pay you bo.x 60<) costs and that youevery

is this that I feel Personally real way. is over. drive until your afternothing

needs. really the world what rehe unsold remaining may Anything

is a alive which have Here Church we HELPS IN MIA WORK inforcredit. For com full turned for plete really not sleeping doing but someand

mation without obligation, write us or fill thing. Robert Healy was the missionary I would like to express my appreciation

in the coupon below. who visited us together with Roger Hogan. for the wonderful material put in the Era.

Tirelessly they have explained the gospel It is a clean and wholesome magazine, and

I Mr. George Rausch, Dept. 978 and the Book of Moniion. I look forward to receiving it. It has

N.Y. Mineola, stake to Mason, Box 800, receiving certainly very I look helped MIA forward in my me much

obligame, without Please send Gentlemen: part some often used I have of work. Trust that hundreds magazine. your How Plan. Raising tion, your Fund on information meeting. for leadership blessof will like the Era receive others myself my many Age excellent is an indeed magazine This thereof. (If ings under 21) Name

work. It says much in for missionary blessings follow The tool May God's richest

ourselves to nonLDS. expressing Era. Organization Improvement

Street Address Sincerely, Gratefully yours,

I Barbara Lee Solvik Lilly Mrs.

California Riverside, I City StateSola, Norway Pe Stavanger,

I How many members Phone

Mason Candies, Inc., Mineola, L. I., N. Y.

74 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Letters and Things Women Reports are Interested In

Everything from pleats to psychology... and

it's all presented to her in the women's pages of your daily Deseret News. Mary Marker..

Winn ifred Jardine... Emily Post... John

Robert Powers* "Secrets of Charm"...

Dr. Paul Draper DorothyENJOYED PICTURES Decorator and.. You". Popenoe's "Your Family...

When I received the November Era filled and "Child Behavior"by the Gesell "l with the beautiful pictures of the life of Institute. Rad them all j

Jesus,much II enjoyedhad to takethem.timeI turnedto tell theyoupageshow in your family's

slowly and looked at the beautiful faces, and some of the faces showed so much sorrow. How coidd anyone not believe

in Jesus when they see such beautiful pictures and read such wonderful thoughts?

My prayer and thoughts are often with you, because I realize how hard you work to get the Era out on time with beautiful thoughts to fill our minds....

yours, Sincerely THE MOUNTAIN WEST EWSPAPER Fredrika Clinch

Bell Gardens, California

TEACHING TOOL

I wish to commend you for the excellent is It is Era. the that done on work a 'plurrtperffecb,

... Saints the in and teaching great tool

one of the best sources for testimony in the Church. building that we have

Sincerely, SugaiPlvivw"Ring i Elder Jerry P. Easter

Brazilian South Mission Bake it high, light. and tenderly

delicious with Fleischmann's high, highrising yeast

SUGARPLUM RING spoon sugar, salt, Fleischmann's Margarine, 1 package Fleischmann's Active Dry Yeast flour. Beat 1 minute at slow speed and 2 min-

H cup warm water (105115 F.) utes at medium speed on electric mixer. Cover;

ARIZONA EAGLES 3/21 tablespooncup evaporatedsugarmilk aboutlet rise 40in warm,minutes.draftfreeMix pecans,place until2 tablespoonsdoubled,

salt 32 teaspoon sugar, cinnamon. into Divide balls 20 dough their receiving awards Scout Recently Eagle

1 tablespoon Fleischmann's roll mixture. in nut in Margarine and ten Sisson, (1-r) Arrange greased Pat Rodgers and Kennywere unsifted flour cups I

; ring 9-inch Ward, Casa 147, Mesa GrandeTroop cover with welldrained each mold finely 32 cup chopped pecans

first It the time Stake. (Arizona) marked half. layer balls plum second of top Add and tablespoons 2 sugar

ranksin that were the Eagle two ward with remaining sprinkle halves; plum with 1 teaspoon cinnamon

conferred at the same time. 10 (1-lb. can) whole plums, halved and drained rest of nut mixture. Cover; let rise in warm,

draftfree place until doubled, about 30 min.

Dissolve Fleischmann's Yeast in warm water Bake at 375 F. about 35 min. or until done.

in large warm mixer bowl. Add milk, 1 tableANOTHER FINE PRODUCT OF STANDARD BRANDS

FEBRUARY 1963 75 Praising the boys for sticking to good laws of conduct,

Sir Robert BadenPowell, the father of scouting,The Good Turn once wrote: THE EDITOR'S PAGE "... that it is not enough merely to defend yourBY PRESIDENT DAVID O. McKAY selves against evil habits, you should also be active

in doing good. By doing good I mean making yourselves useful, doing small kindnesses to other people—

whether they are friends or strangers. It is not a

difficult matter. The best way to set about it is to

make up your mind to do at least one 'good turn'to somebody every day, and you will soon get into the habit of doing good turns always.

"It does not matter how small the 'good turn may be—even if it is only to help an old woman across the

street, or to say a good word for someone who is badly spoken of. The great thing is to do something.... You ought to begin it this very day, and

if you would like to write to me and tell me about the first 'good turn you do, I shall be glad to hear about it."This is believed to be the first mention of the daily good turn in the Scout program, and it came in a letter from South Africa to the boys in London.

I relate to you an experience that Sister McKay and

I had in the old biblical town of Sychar in 1924 when we went to Syria to attend the first conference of the

Church in the name of the Armenian. Mission.

The Savior's experience with the woman of Samaria at Jacob's Well had long since been a favorite text of mine, and I was hoping that the driver of the auto in which we were riding would stop at Sychar and give us the privilege of visiting this historic spot.

76 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA However, the driver had told me that he would not young people and parents and businessmen would have time to stop at Jacob's Well. follow the example of the man to whom I refer, a

But strange as it may seem, just as we entered leading man, a factory superintendent. An efficient

the town of Sychar, a front tire blew out. Though executive, coming one morning early, said to this

the driver was much disappointed, I looked upon it superintendent's secretary, "I want to see the manager."

as almost providential. Immediately Sister McKay "I'm sorry,"she said, "but he's in conference. He

and I took advantage of the opportunity to visit said he is not to be disturbed."

the well. "How could he be in conference? There's nobody

A* young native boy was standing nearby. He was in the office but himself."( He had seen the manager

the only one who could understand English, and he go in there by himself.) "I must see him on a matter

said he would gladly be our guide. We spent a most of great importance."

interesting fortyfive minutes and accomplished all "You may come back in fifteen minutes if you wish,"that we had desired there. said the secretary, "or you may leave your message

As we returned to our car to resume our journey, with me, and I will give it to him as soon as he is at

I offered the young lad a tip; indeed, I thought his liberty. At present he is not to be disturbed."

consideration was shown to us in the hope of receivThe irate executive pushed by the secretary and ing a reward. Imagine my surprise when the lad quickly opened the door to the manager's private

straightened up and said: "No, thank you; it has been office. After a quick glance within he just as quickly

a pleasure to serve you—I am a Boy Scout."and quietly closed the door and stared redfaced

Think what it means all over the world to have at the secretary.

boys thus trained to think of others! Think of the "Why, he's on his knees,"he exclaimed, astonished.

principle back of it! "... Inasmuch as ye have done "Yes,"said the secretary,."he's in conference, as I

it unto one of the least of these my brethren, ye have told you."

done it unto me."(Matthew 25:40.) "I'm sorry, I didn't know he was that kind of man,"

Young boys sometimes get discouraged, and young apologized the executive. "Yes, there's one in there

girls, too. Many a time they weep in silence because with him of greater importance than I,"and he went

they feel that their comrades are outdistancing them. away with an amazed look on his face.

We say for them to appeal to our Father in heaven May we all keep our eyes ever on Him and rememin prayer—and the older ones, too. The first part of ber that they serve him best when they serve others

the Scout oath directs them: "On my honor I will than themselves. God bless us all with these ideals of

do my best to do my duty to God...."scouting, which are the ideals of the gospel of

Nothing would be better in the world than if all Jesus Christ.

FEBRUARY 1963 77 "IS EUTHANASIA, OR MERCY KILLING, EVER JUSTIFIABLE?"

QUESTION: "In OUT studij clttss the would finally result. Would he be

question was raised whether or not justified in taking steps to hasten there was ever a time when mercy death and end the physical torkilling would be justifiable? For ment of the patient? If consent

instance here is an elderly person was given for the doctor to take YOUR very ill with a disease which the such a step to hasten death doctors state cannot be cured. The would he and those who sancdoctor states that he can proQUES- tioned it be guilty and have

long the life and thus continue the to answer at the time of the suffering but death inevitably judgment?"TION

ANSWER: The answcr to this they would have no peace.

question is a simple one. The takThe discussions on this question

will apparently never cease. In the of hfe condemneding was

1935, this question when ANSWERED BY year of "mercy"for his dreadAbel, and slewCain ful sin Cain was punished far worse deaths was presented in a bill bethan to have been put to death. JOSEPH fore the British House of Lords.

After Noah and his family came This bill was for the purpose FIELDING out of the ark, the Lord renewed of permitting science to decide this commandment and said: whether persons should be granted "Whoso sheddeth man's blood, SMITH their desire for painless death and

by man shall his blood be shed: PRESIDENT OF was introduced by Lord Ponsonby,

for in the image of God made he THE COUNCIL Labor leader. Commenting on

this the Deseret News gave theman."(Gen. 9:6.) OF THE TWELVE

Who has the wisdom to say that following:

in case of extreme sickness and "In England as in other countries, suffering, there is ever a time when the hope of recent years have seen a growing movement to legalize recovery is past? There have been cases reported 'Mercy killings'for incurables. Great Britain's sevmany times of persons who were apparently at the eral 'mercy trials'have served to arouse interest in

point of death and who were in severe pain, who the movement, and for more than a year the Euthaeventually recovered. The answer to this question in nasia Legalization Society, supported by prominent

brief is, that to presume that the time has come when physicians and church leaders, has been campaigning the person who is ill cannot recover and it would be for what is termed 'easy death'in certain cases.

justifiable to end the suffering by a painless death is "Since an English doctor confessed to taking the a presumptuous conclusion. The commandment given lives of five 'incurables,'doctors and laymen have

to Noah is still in force and will be a part of the divine been debating the right and wrong of ending the law as long as mortality endures. suffering of people who are doomed to lifelong

This question of "mercy"kiUing, or euthanasia, torture and do not wish to live.

constantly arises in the case of individuals who are "According to the terms of the bill, now under in severe pain and afflicted with apparently no hope debate in the British Parliament, the law would be of recovery. It has also been considered in the case operated under a referee, who would be appointed

of children who are afflicted with some serious deby the Minister of Health. Permission of the referee

formity which would make them a burden not only would be necessary before a life could be taken.

to themselves but to others all the days of their lives. The act would be restricted specifically to 'illness

However, there is the matter of conscience which involving severe pain or an incurable and fatal would haunt those who were guilty so that they character.'

would live with a feeling of having committed an "The petitioner for 'mercy death'would have to be offense which is unforgivable, and it seems that over 21 years of age, and of sound mind. His

78 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA application would have to be in his own writing and Under such a precedent, anyone, not merely a parent, witnessed by two physicians. If granted, the promight assume the right to decide that a given person—

posed easy death'might be administered only by not alone a defective—would be better off dead. In

a specially licensed physician in the presence of an a spirit of vengeance, or with a paranoid belief in his official witness. own superior judgment, a person might thus admin-

"It appears that civilization has already answered ister a death potion entirely without authority and this question without having realized it. The common wholly without justification.

conscience of mankind declares it a sin and a crime "In a civilization that has achieved a measure of for any private person to take the life of another. success in compensating for many of natures deficienBut it also recognizes that the law, whether it be the cies, and in a society that has only just learned the

will of the king or the will of the people, is the only art of prolonging life, it seems a bit premature to human agency that has the right to take the hfe encourage the practice of deliberate killing. Moreof a human being. over, the question of whether a specific disease or

"Killing by the state, by an officer of the law, or a given defect is incurable is not easy to decide; for

by a soldier in battle is the only killing now considered it is not always a matter of fact. Even with our

justifiable and not wrong. Therefore, homicide is present limited knowledge of endocrinology, for inblameless if sanctioned by law. But we still face the stance, many imbeciles such as the one Mrs. BrownSinai law—Thou Shalt Not Kill—which in its broad hill mercifully put 'to sleep'might be cured, provided

interpretation would place a ban upon any taking proper treatment is given during infancy, and proof human life."vided, of course, the deficiency is not an inherited

While this discussion was going on in relation one. Many conditions which a few years ago were

to the question of euthanasia in Great Britain, the regarded as incurable are now turning out to be

Salt Lake Tribune also joined in condemnation of within the range of improvement, if not a cure. Until

such a principle, and the following is taken from an the discovery of insulin, for instance, diabetes was editorial in that paper of March 12, 1935: considered hopeless. Pernicious anemia was, until

"The taboo against murder is so strong and deepvery recently, likewise regarded fatal. The prognosis

seated in our culture that the question of its rightness for general paralysis of the insane, was everywhere or wrongness seldom comes up for consideration. Unconsidered poor until an Austrian psychiatrist dislike the more controversial issues upon which public covered a treatment which has made it one of the

sentiment is more or less evenly divided, the universal most hopeful of all the various forms of insanity.

belief in the justifiability of murder tends to keep the "There are cases, we admit, in which it would seem subject beyond the realm of controversy. humane to painlessly exterminate a futile life. But

"When borderline cases arise, however, it becomes the practical question is, 'who shall say.'Public sentinot only a matter of news; it is also the occasion of ment is apparently not yet ready to allow even a wellthe grounds for our belief. Much publicity has, trained, highminded physician to exercise this

therefore, attached to the case of the 62year-old discretion on such a point.

woman in England who deliberately put her imbecile "Given our limited knowledge and the frailty of son 'to sleep.'The woman was tried, convicted, and human nature it would seem, therefore, that the lives

sentenced to hang for the murder of her invalid son, of a few hopeless defectives are not to be weighed whom she had nursed for 30 years. In response to against the possible subversive consequences of allowthe widespread demand of the British public, the ing a parent, or even a 'board of exterminators'to

home secretary, however, recently reprieved the decide such issues of life and death."

woman. Let us remember that the life of every person is

"Many people will justify the act of the wellinten- in the hands of the Lord. Mortal man has not been

tioned old lady on the ground that the painless given the right to judge whether or not a defective extermination of a helpless defective is a justifiable, soul should remain or be taken from this mortal life.

nay humane, act. Such an argument, however, loses Neither is it within our province to say when a person

sight entirely of the social consequences involved. has completed his (Continued on page 114)

FEBRUARY 1963 79 AN ERA REPRINT FEBRUARY 1917

ABRAHAM LINCOLN

and his Gettysburg speech

[This interview was dictated to me by Gideon Judd Secretary Seward, I had the pleasure of making the

Carpenter, who, at ten years of age, was a messenger trip. In those days there were no dining cars and

boy for GaUisha Grow, father of the Homestead Bill. no railroad eating houses, and I had to carry the

He also acted as messenger boy, or page, for Mr. lunch basket. The train was made up of the most

Seward, Secretary of State in President Lincoln's distinguished men of that day and age, members of cabinet. Mr, Carpenter's father was first cousin to the cabinet, foreign ambassadors, judges of the

Secretary Seward. Mr. Carpenter says he was large Supreme Court, generals of the army. United States

for his age and very well educated for a boy of senators, and members of Congress.

ten years. "We left Washington about 8:30 in the morning.

[The interview was had at Mr. Carpenter's seed The President and members of the cabinet, and

shop on the 22nd day of July, 1916, in Provo, Utah. several newspaper reporters, one of them Whitelaw

We give it in his own language. Mr. Carpenter said Reid, were in the private car furnished by the Baltithat he sat about ten feet from Mr. Lincoln during more and Ohio Railroad company. At Baltimore,

the entire proceedings.—A/Zce Louise Reynolds.] Edward Everett came into the car and seated himself

"Galusha Grow, father of the Homestead bill, was some four or five seats from Mr. Lincoln.

speaker of the House from 1861 to 1863. I was "There was also attached at that point two car loads

messenger boy, or page, for Mr. Grow, and very of New York soldiers and the celebrated Marine

often delivered messages at the White House. There band from Fort McHenry. Mr. Lincoln seemed sad

I saw Mr. Lincoln frecuently. Many times I played and had very little to say for some time. Finally he

with Tad, Mr. Lincoln's youngest son, on the White brightened up and told several interesting stories.

House lawn. I went to school with Tad during the The locomotive attached to the train was a heavy

winter of 1863. I was present at several important one, and we were obliged to stop every fifteen or

cabinet meetings, among others, the meeting that twenty minutes to "wood up"as we spoke of it in decided when the Emancipation Proclamation should those days. Wood yards were to be found all along

be issued. In speaking of the Emancipation Proclamathe line.

tion President Lincoln said it would make a present "Just before we reached the Pennsylvania line we of liberty to four million on January 1, 1863. There had luncheon, Mr. Lincoln and Mr. Seward eating

were differences of opinion in the cabinet as to the out of the same lunch basket. We also had a carpet

effect this proclamation would have. Secretary Seward bag partially filled with snow apples, which were

thought it might lead to trouble with England. Mr. passed around among the passengers."

Grow, Speaker of the House, and Salmon P. Chase, I asked Mr. Carpenter how he knew that the apples

secretary of the treasury, favored it. were snow apples, and he replied that he carried

"After the adjournment of Congress, in 1863, I was them to the station and onto the cars.

connected with the New York Tribune as special "As soon as luncheon was over Mr. Lincoln glanced

messenger for several of their reporters. Henry B. over and saw Mr. Everett. This seemed to call to

Richardson, and Henry M. Stanley, the African exhis mind the fact that he had not yet written his

plorers, were of the number. Gettysburg speech. Lying on the seat by the side of

"I arrived in Washington, Nov. 16, 1863, for a short Mr. Seward was some of the paper used for wrapping

visit. I found that a large number of people were up the luncheon. He asked Mr. Seward to pass him

going to Gettysburg to attend the dedication of a piece of it. He took the paper and then began

grounds for a National Cemetery. In company with searching in his pockets {Continued on page 106)

BY GIDEON JUDD CARPENTER

80 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

From Salt Lake City and other areas of Utah business and civic leaders gathered on Monday, December 10, 1962, to honor, at a festive banquet at Hotel Utah, President David 0. McKay for his countless services to the Church, state, and nation. The guest list included Ji62 distinguished men of the

community and other special guests.

The committee was composed entirely of prominent nonMoimon business and community leaders, who organized themselves to carry forward the affairs of the evening. It was an event

that began tuith the committee and soon became the purpose of the entire community.

From Hotel Utah, the tributes and the special music were seen and heard by countless numbers in their homes, as KSL carried them live on both television and radio that Monday night. Both stations have since repeated the program by recorded tape.

Honored with President McKay was Mrs. Emma Ray Riggs McKay, his companion of sixtyone

years. She was the only woman present among the 4-62 dinner guests. Special guests included the

male members of President McKay's family, members of the First Presidency, other General

Authorities, civic leaders, and leading business executives of the area.

The invocation was by The Right Reverend Monsignor Patrick A. Maguire, Our Lady of Lourdes

Catholic Church. Music was by the Utah Symphony String Ensemble and Brass Choir, a male

quartet, a hayp trio, and the Salt Lake Scots. The program pamphlet contained a brief biography of

President McKay in word and picture and some of the President's philosophy. The benediction was

by Rabbi Sidney Strome, Temple B'Nai Israel.

A high light of the evening was the congratulatory telegram sent by President John F. Kennedy

from the White House. The text read:

"I am pleased to join the business and community leaders of Salt Lake City in extending sincere congratulations to David McKay as you are honored this evening at the beginning of your ninetieth year.

"I am happy, too, to cornmend you for your long and devoted service to God, to your state, and your country. The bond of Christian brotherhood which has marked your religious pronouncements

has helped tie our people to those of other nations in a deeper spirit of Christian faith.

"May your influence for good continue to be felt by the members of your church both here and in faroff lands and by all others who admire and respect you.

"With all good wishes. John F. Kennedy."

Chairman of the testimonial dinner committee was Mr. J. P. O'Keefe, general manager, Kennecott Copper Corporation (Utah Copper Division). He served as master of ceremonies. From among

the many tributes received for the evening, Mr. O'Keefe could choose only one to read, the Presidential telegram, ivhich had been addressed in care of him for President McKay.

Principal speaker of the evening was John M. Wallace. A gift presentation was made for the

group by Joseph Rosenblatt, Utah industrialist, of an organ to be installed in the new chapel in

MethyrTydfil, Wales, the birthplace of President McKay's mother, Mrs. Jennette Evelyn Evans

McKay. A bronze plaque, to be placed on the instrument when it is installed, describing the testimonial dinner and noting the gift, was also presented.

These loyal and devoted business and civic leaders of the community joined as one in expressing their profound admiration and regard for President McKay. They were only limited by the size of

the banquet room, the strength of the electronic signal of radio and television, the scope of the news media. It was not limited by the hearts or purpose of these men or by the community they represented.

Following are the recorded tributes by John M. Wallace, Utah banker; Joseph Rosenblatt, president

of Eimco Corporation; and the response from President David 0. McKay.

personality to people everywhere on the globe.

Through the magic of television and radio, his face and his voice are known throughout the world. MilPRES. McKAY lions have come to know the warmth, the strength,

the humor, and the moving power of his presentations.

Who among us can measure the contributions of this man, which fan out across the peoples of the earth like a geometrical progression from one generation toHONORED another? Who appropriately can evaluate for us this

individual who has amassed great fortune and stature in spiritual values, except perhaps to say that his lifeTRIBUTE BY JOHN M. WALLACE

exemplifies the words of the Master, who, as he sat

Seldom in a lifetime does one have the privilege around the table with the twelve for the last time, said publicly of paying tribute to such a universally to them:

beloved and admired leader as President David O. "If any man desire to be first, the same shall be last

McKay, and I deeply appreciate this honor. To clasp of all, and servant of all."(Mark 9:35.)

his hand, to look into his eyes, to feel the warmth and "And whosoever will be chief among you, let him inspiration of his presence is an experience to be be your servant:

remembered. The unforgettableness of this man, his "Even as the Son of Man came, not to be ministered

influence upon people, his sincere love for all manunto, but to minister, and to give his life a ransom kind, and his complete devotion to his church for many."(Matt. 20:2728.)

throughout his eightynine years have endowed him Notwithstanding his position of great responsibility with a remarkable capacity for leadership. and importance in his church, President McKay always

Here is one of our greatest and most successful has kept the common touch. Perfectly at home with

of missionaries. He has circled the earth, visited its the great and renowned, or with the lowliest, his

farthest corners, traveling on foot, by horse and buggy, deep sympathy for people, and his understanding and by jet airliner, covering over one million miles to heart, have opened channels of communication and present his convictions and the great strength of his influence to inspire and motivate thousands, especially

FEBRUARY 1963 83 the young people. These attributes have endeared In January 1960, President McKay initiated a series

him to everyone with whom he has come in contact. of farreaching fireside discussions, when he spoke by

The eldest son of a family of ten children, he folmeans of special radio hookup to over 214,000 young lowed the horsedrawn plow with his father in the people from the Atlantic to the Pacific and from fields when only a youngster. His roots were planted Canada to Mexico on the subject of "Courtship and

deeply in the soil. His love for every growing thing Marriage."Just recently plans have been put in

has increased with the years, and still abides, typified operation to broadcast by short wave radio around by his love for his favorite horse, Sonny Boy. His the globe. President McKay called it more than a

home in Huntsville is a citadel of courage and devotion step forward—rather, "a bound into space,"to teach

to ideals. From example and precept of his Scottish around the world.

father, Bishop David McKay, a convert to The Church In every way, the Church has been aggressive and of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, and the love and resourceful under the leadership of President McKay.

abiding faith of his Welsh mother, Jennette Evans He has brought about a tremendous, everincreasing

McKay, he learned early in life to honor and respect momentum, which portends great advancement over his parents and each member of the household. future decades. I can appreciate what joy and gratifiPerformance of religious duties and daily life were cation this brings to his heart, for this is his life—this

carefully synchronized. Little wonder that he carried is his life's purpose. I quote from another Christian

from that home the inspiration, the strength, and the leader, who lived about the year 1650:

devotion that have characterized his life. "I abide lovingly united to God's will—and this is

In his heart, he has a natural love for learning, my whole business."

which impelled him to study throughout his life. He I wish it were possible, in some way, to convey to

attended Weber Stake Academy at Ogden, and later you the breadth of his experiences, the extent to the University of Utah, where he was right tackle on which he devotes all his amazing energy in service the football team, was extremely popular with the to his fellow men. I have been privileged to review

student body, and was valedictorian of his class. About part of the biography of his life, prepared so meticuthis time, he became acquainted with Emma Ray lously, so thoroughly by his secretary. Miss Clare

Riggs, who later became his bonnie bride in the first Middlemiss. It is evident that no situation or location

marriage ceremony performed in the Salt Lake Temple would be unusual for him. You might find him at the

in the twentieth century. They have enjoyed a wonLeper Colony at Suva, talking to a woman he met

derful family life together for over sixtyone years and there on a visit thirtyfour years previously, perhaps have seven children, six of whom are living to honor at the Hathaway Cottage in Stratfordon-Avon, maybe them. Their marriage has been an example of devotion, conducting a service at Johannesburg, South Africa.

which is most refreshing to see in this day and age. You might hear of his attending the King's Kava CerePresident McKay dearly would have loved to spend mony at Apia, Samoa, or climbing the eighteen flights

his life as a teacher, and a good one he would have of steps at the great, inspiring statue of Christ at been. He was offered a teaching position in Salt Lake Corcovado—maybe laying the cornerstone at the first

County after graduation, but at the same time he Mormon Church edifice in South America at Montereceived a call to go on a mission to Great Britain, video, Uruguay—perhaps at the inspiring twelfth

which he accepted, and there he began his career as a century cathedral at Strasbourg, France—or feeling the

dynamic, enthusiastic, and highly persuasive missioninspiration, but also the sorrow of the landscape at ary. No assignment was too difficult, no other activity the Holy Land.

as important to him, and his great capacity for leaderYou could hear of him at home enjoying the comship soon was recognized as he moved through countpany of the employees of the Church Office Building less important church positions, culminating in his at their Christmas party, speaking words of appreciabeing sustained unanimously by the membership as tion and encouragement. It is just possible you might

President on April 9, 1951. Under his leadership, some find him riding his horse on the old home farm at

of the most phenomenal growth and development in Huntsville, where nostalgic memories warm his soul.

the history of the Church has occurred. The Church This is the man we honor—well known and loved

has adopted a socalled "international policy,"which around the world by great scientists, civic leaders, has been accompanied by great building programs for religious leaders, ordinary folks who work and beautiful chapels, temples, and schools around the struggle, and little children. To be so widely accepted

world. The widely publicized welfare program has and loved—to be so powerful and respected, and yet

been highly successful. Great energy and study so humble and approachable—this would be achievehave been given to a youth program to guid and ment and honor for any man.

encourage youth in high ideals and sound endeavors. His name appears on the covers of books and

84 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA numerous writings. It appears on testimonials and and hope, which you so tirelessly proclaim to

documents of high esteem—it appears on beautiful all people.

buildings around the world—it even appears on a In summary, we have written these reflections of

masterpiece of nature, a magnificent 350year-old oak this great leadership, a part of which were expressed tree near London—but the record that will speak most some years ago:

for him is a changing, moving, cascading one, written "I stood apart from a man of men in the hearts and the deeds of thousands he has And beyond in timeless space touched and their posterity yet to be. His works have fashioned a monument

It is physically impossible, within time limitations, That weathering years will not efface.

to portray an adequate picture. Perhaps what we lack

in completeness we can make up in simple, straight- "I stood apart from a servant of Him forward sincerity when, unanimously, we say to him Who sits on that Great White Throne.

that he has our admiration and deep respect for all His monument is a spire of grace the richness and goodness that he has brought into the Built from God's work alone.

world. This charming ScottishWelsh citizen of the

world has earned and won our hearts completely. "I stood apart from a long life of toil

Appreciation from men of good will everywhere, In the garden of peace sublime.

regardless of creed, color, or race, goes out to you. Through dark skies his faith spells the

President McKay, for the inspiration, the spiritual promise encouragement, and the messages of enduring faith Of God's peace on earth in our time."

life there in evGry time man's I suppose comes aTRIBUTE BY JOSEPH ROSENBLATT action. for memorable he is called Somewhen upon

You know, I wish it had been possible for each of times it is for the good, sometimes it is distasteful.

you to have the view from my seat tonight. We are And then the once in a lifetime epochal action where

inchned in this day and age to be a little sophisticated there is challenge and great responsibility, where and to think that the important emotions, which after really the effort is so beyond one's anticipated ability all are so vital in controlling our character, should not as to leave one impotent and overcome with such a be talked about. But I know that if you had sat with deep sense of humility as to make the needed thoughts

me and you had been able to see this wonderful and words indeed hard to come by.

human being hold his wife's hand; if you had been You know, gentlemen, as I have sat here participatable to see his sons, members of his family sitting ing in this memorable event, I could not help but

there and to have sensed that tremendous wonderful wonder about my standing here and thinking about... You know my flow of understanding, of affection that was there... it with both pride and gratitude.

I know you would have felt with me that on this selection as the one privileged to make this presentanight, God is indeed in his heaven, and there is peace tion to President McKay was pure happenstance. I

in the land. deserted what I think is my usual conservative

You know I am particularly grateful to Mrs. McKay reticence and spoke up when I should have listened.

for having graced our meeting tonight and this event, The next thing I knew, the long ann of your commitfor I can go home now and tell my wife that she need tee said "You will follow John Wallace, and you will not be embarrassed if in all my ardor I reach over make the presentation."

publicly to hold her hand, for I can say now that it Permit me to say without egotism and only with is right and proper, and I do so by authority of the much humility and gratitude—there is important

President's wife. significance that the one who is neither Gentile nor

I am sure that all will recognize—President McKay Mormon should have been so selected, possibly signifiand our headtable guests and all of you who have

listened—it is not an easy task to follow John Wallace,

The only thing that can be said, President McKay, is The continuation of this tribute and President that we will make it a wellrounded tribute, for as McKay's response to the tributes on page 111.

John quoted the New Testament I promise to quote the Old.

FEBRUARY 1963 85 THE SAME MISTAKE BY GARY L.

KISSLERTWICE

"It certainly has been a cold spring!"said

Father as he came in from milking the cows.

Mother, who was busy putting supper on the table, nodded in agreement. She

took the bucket of milk from him and started to strain it.

Jeff was sitting in the corner, busily turning the pages of the catalog, wondering how he was going to spend the money from his first real job.

"Jeff?""Yes, Papa?"

"You forgot to close the gate into the haystack when you fed the animals. They

were all in the stack yard happily tearing it down when I went out."

I'm sorry, Papa."

"It sure does waste a lot of hay,"said

Father. He took his coat off and sat at

the table, his face red from the cold wind.

"You'll have to forgive Jeff,"said

Mother. "He is so excited about helping

Mr. Engles in the feed store after school

he hasn't been thinking too good lately."bicycle, and I just forgot."

"I forgive him,"said Father, "but this is the second "I understand. They say you should never make

time this week that he's done the same thing."the same mistake twice, and that you should learn

Suddenly he smiled. "Well, there is no cause for by each mistake.

us to get upset. We still have plenty of hay to last "Have you learned anything?"

the winter. Call your brothers, Jeff, this looks like "I think so. I won't do it again."

a real good meal."

As soon as supper was over, Jeff got the catalog It was a cold spring that year. A fierce wind blew

again. It fell open by itself to the bicycle section. almost constantly. On Friday the bishop called Jeff

For the tenth time he read the description under the and asked if he would help build some fence on the bicycle. It had a threegear transmission, chrome church farm the next day. Without hesitation he

wheels, front and back wheel brakes, and was so accepted, and he and five other boys spent a cold but light the catalog said that you could pick it up with rewarding time putting up a straight, tight new fence.

one hand! That night after supper Jeff sat happily by the

Wouldn't that be a wonderful bike to ride to school! stove. He had some sores on his hands where the

He closed his eyes. He could see a circle of his barbed wire had cut through his gloves, but he had

friends around him the first time he took it to school- a warm feeling in his heart.

standing and admiring the new bike.... Mother came by and dropped a white envelope

"Got all your money spent before you've earned it?"in his lap.

Father was standing over him with a smile. "Mr. Engles gave this to me when I was in town

"I was looking at this bicycle,"admitted Jeff. "I've today,"she said. "He said it was for you."

ridden one of those bikes with gears—they sure Jeff opened it and pulled out four crisp green billsare nice."two fives and two ones. A thrill shot through him.

"Yes, I would imagine. I bet you can go up hills His first pay from his first job!

pretty good—say, sixty dollars is a lot of money!"He put them back into the envelope and went

"Yes, I know,"said Jeff slowly. "But I've wanted a into the living room where his father was reading.

bicycle for a long time.""Look what I got today,"he said, trying to appear

"I know. Son,"said Father, "save your money and casual.

go ahead and get it if you want. I know how it feels Father looked at the money for a minute and said:

to want something badly.""Well, well, pretty soon you will be making more

"Thank you, Papa."Jeff closed the catalog and stood money than I do."

up. "Papa?"He put the bills back into the envelope and handed

"Yes?"it back to Jeff.

"I'm sorry about the gate. I was thinking about the "How long is this (Continued on page 126)

"wfi rf

:**'%:. Rl OF SCOUTING BY D. L. ROBERTS

DIRECTOR, "MORMON"RELATIONSHIPS SERVICE

It has been a span of fifty years; and what a span.

This year, 1963, is the fiftieth anniversary of the official advent of scouting into The Church of Jesus

Christ of Latterday Saints; one half century of this

great program for the boys of the Church; at least

two generations of scouting in many of the families of the Church.

It was in 1913 that scouting, as it is available from the Boy Scouts of America, came into the Church to be an integral part of the youth program—a sharp

and effective device to help hold the boys close to the

Church and also to serve many nonmembers who have accepted scouting as operated by the Church.

It would be most interesting to have available figures representing the total number of boys who have been in "Mormon"scouting units during the past fifty years, both members and nonmembers.

Because scouting in the Church has spread to the missions and stakes outside of the USA, the grand total participating would be an imposing number.

Probably hundreds of thousands of boys have been

Cub Scouts, Boy Scouts, and Explorers in the Church, under the direction of church leaders, and according to church policies and standards. Scouting leaders of

the "Mormon"Church by the thousands have given devoted service to boys in the Church.

Thinking about the number of boys who have, during the past fifty years, been Cub Scouts, Boy

Scouts or Explorers in the Church, visions of countless meetings, camps, campfires, activities, songs, and stories appear. Camp cooking—stews—hotcakes—

bacon—eggs—twists on sticks—biscuits—spuds, fried,

boiled, and baked—sleeping in tents, in good weather,

or a rainstorm or even in the snow—sleeping under the

stars in all sorts of weather—long and short hikes, with

how many blisters on how many feet—the glory of the

view from the mountaintop—the invigorating swim in

the lake, pond, or ocean—the river trip in boats—the

horseback trip—the wilderness pack trip, have been a

part of it. Badges have been earned; Eagle awards

by the hundreds. Good turns and service were a big, big part. stated in the Deseret News of September

The smartness and pride of the new uniform were evident, as 2, 1911 was, "To promote discipline and thousands of boys reached that long looked for status. develop character, to instil honor and

That the total number of boys is a very large figure can be trustworthiness in the lives of young easily realized when considering totals in the USA. On Decemboys and to inspire them with a sense

ber 31, 1961 there were officially registered in the USA in of duty to parents, country, and religious

Mormon scouting units, 33,835 Cub Scouts in 1,323 Cub packs, ideals is the aim...."And thus, a new

60,157 Boy Scouts in 2,734 Scout troops, 25,339 Explorers in program was established in the Church 2,033 Explorer units, with 39,348 leaders; the boys totaled for boys.

119,331, and with the leaders the grand total reaches 158,679. Interesting is some of the procedure

In countries other than the USA a sizeable number of boys in selecting a name for this new program have enjoyed scouting under "Mormon"sponsorship. There are in the Church. On October 18, 1911,

many "Mormon"boys and leaders who are Cub Scouts, Boy B. H. Roberts urged that a distinctive

Scouts, Explorers, and Rovers in scouting units not sponsored by the Church. With all these elements of the program in mind,

an amazing total is reached, both for the number now engaged in scouting, as well as those who have belonged during the past fifty years. The latter if known accurately would be a

prodigious figure.

The beginning of scouting in the Church is most interesting.

In 1910 interest in Boy Scouting began to develop in Utah. Some

information about it came to church leaders. A committee was

appointed March 8, 1911, to look into the merits of the program:

Brigham H. Roberts, George H. Brimhall, and Benjamin Goddard gave it careful exploration and study. The following

recommendations are recorded in the minutes of a YMMIA meeting held soon after, "In review of all that has gone before in this report, your committee, while recognizing the very great excellence of the

Boy Scout Movement in and of itself, and appreciating the high aims of the very distinguished gentlemen with whom it originated, feel no necessity either for giving encouragement to the creation of units of Boy Scouts, or of entering into confederation with such separate units and other organizations taking up Scout work; since in our Y.M.M.I.A. Association we are already provided

with both sufficient and efficient organization to cover the field of activities proposed by "Scouting"; and manifestly to

multiply organizations where they are not needed would be a waste of energy....

"Your committee therefore recommend that the General

Board say in answer to all solicitations to participate in the 'Scout Movement'in Utah and in other places where the organizations of the Church of Latterday Saints are established, that we are provided with organizations that cover and provide for the good work proposed, and that it would not be to the best interests of our own organizations to take up the Scout Movement and organization...."

This report was unanimously adopted by the general board.

Even though affiliation with the Boy Scouts of America was not included in the recommendation, nevertheless, the great value of the program was recognized, and action was immediately taken to put some of the ideas in it into operation in the

Church for boys twelve to eighteen years of age. Its purpose as

name for it be chosen, and asked for ideas. These was held in the Second Ward amusement hall to

suggestions were made: MIA Craftsman, (Roberts); interest the associations in the work of organizing a

MIA Rangers, (Joseph F. Smith, Jr.); MIA Scouts, Boy Scout movement in Liberty Stake.

(A. W. Ivins). The last name was adopted. From "John Taylor, one of the members of the general

then on all wards and stakes were urged to take up M.I. A. board, outlined carefully the details of how it

this new work. It flourished. was expected the work would be carried on and said

When the decision was made, action was immediate. that Liberty Stake was given the first opportunity to

In November of that year, 1911, the first scouting begin this movement. After some discussions and

organization in the Church was effected in Liberty many questions being asked, it was enthusiastically

Stake. This according to a Deseret News story of voted by everyone present to accept the proposition

November 14, 1911: and begin work at once.

"An interesting meeting of all the officers and class "The Boy Scout movement, which was commenced leaders of the M.I.A. Associations of Liberty Stake some years ago in (Continued on page 102)

Oscar A. Kirkham Dr. John H. Taylor

activity ii hack to MIA r>

ELDER G. CARLOS SMITH, JR., GENERAL SUPERINTENDENT OF THE YOUNG MEN'S

MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATION by doyle l. green, managing editor

"G. Carlos Smith is an exceptional, thoughtful, and the Cottonwood Stake high council. Two years later,

kind person, and he is very considerate of other when the Big Cottonwood Stake was organized, he people. He is the kind of leader who says, 'Come, was sustained as second counselor in the stake presifollow me.'He does not ask anyone to do anything dency, which position he magnified for three years,

that he is not willing to do and doesn't do himself."then he served as first counselor for six years. He

In these words the character of G. Carlos Smith, Jr., was sustained as president of the Big Cottonwood

the new general superintendent of the Young Men's Stake on September 25, 1949. The name of the stake

Mutual Improvement Association, was summed up by was changed from Big Cottonwood to Cottonwood

James E. Faust, president of the Cottonwood Stake. on February 11, 1951, during President Smith's adminPresident Faust was long associated with Superinistration, and when that stake was divided to form

tendent Smith in various stake appointments. Holladay Stake on March 18, 1956, he became presiElder Smith was sustained at the Saturday afterdent of the new stake.

noon session of the general conference, October 6, One of the problems that he had to meet as stake 1962, the eleventh man called to this position in the president in a fast growing area of fine new homes history of the organization. He svicceeds Superinwas the obtaining of chapel sites and assisting in the

tendent Joseph T. Bentley. (See story, page 94.) building of the chapels. Also, under his direction, two

At the time he was called back to MIA activity, welfare programs were begun, a 64acre farm in West

Superintendent Smith was president of the Central Jordan and a ranch near Park City. During the first

States Mission. "Back to MIA activity"is a phrase year that the stake operated this ranch, the winter

that truly describes this latest responsibility. While was severe, and it was a struggle to keep the newborn

serving as president of the Holladay Stake in May calves alive. One morning, as Elder Smith was

1958, he was called to become second assistant genpreparing to take a muchneeded threeday vacation, eral superintendent to Brother Bentley. That fall his first counselor, Zelph Y. Erekson, brought into the

he was sustained as first assistant, when Elder Alvin house a calf wrapped in a blanket. He had been with

R. Dyer, who had been first assistant, was sustained the cows all night and was afraid this little calf

as an Assistant to the Council of the Twelve. In would not survive. As President Erekson hurried back

June 1961 he was released from the MIA and named to the herd. President Smith began working with the

mission president. Now he becomes general supercalf, warming it and encouraging it to drink a little

intendent—the only person to hold all three positions milk. Within an hour or so this center of attention in

of executive leadership—second assistant, first assistant, the kitchen was moving about upon its wobbly feet,

and general superintendent. and by noon the crisis was over and the Smiths were

Elder Smith is much loved by his associates, off for their short vacation.

wherever he has labored, and he has labored A native of Salt Lake City, Elder G. Carlos Smith,

diligently in many vineyards of the Church. To Jr., who was born August 23, 1910, a son of George

him, religious activity is a way of life, an everyCarlos and Lillian Emery Smith, is a grandson of day occurrence, rather than something to be noted President Joseph F. Smith, a sixth President of the

on the Sabbath. Church, who was serving as YMMIA general superHolding an impressive record of service in the intendent at the time of this grandson's birth. G.

Church, he has served as a Sunday School teacher, a Carlos Smith, Jr., is a greatgrandson of the Patriarch

ward MIA superintendent, and, only one month past Hyrum Smith, who, with his brother the Prophet his twentyeighth birthday, he became a member of Joseph, suffered martyrdom at Carthage, Illinois.

92 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA support his five brothers and sisters.

Superintendent Smith married LaVon Petersen of

Holladay, Utah, in the Salt Lake Temple, March 16, 1933. They are the parents of five children: George

Carlos III, Jerry P., (both sons have been caring for

the family business while Superintendent Smith has been serving as mission president); Stephen P., (who

is serving on a mission in Scotland); Susan (will be

graduated from high school in the spring), and

Nannette (in the fourth grade).

In business affairs, Elder Smith has been owneroperator of a sandwich and ice cream drivein, a salesman and later sales manager for a creamery, and since 1945, he has been ownermanager of G. Carlos

Smith Home and Auto Supply Company in Holladay.

heft: General Superintendent

G. Carlos Smith, Jr. Many years ago,

Below: The Smith family when he first becircle, front row: Superintendent came a salesman,

Smith, Nanette, Mrs. LaVon he was offered a

Smith; Jerry, back row: position with a toIII, G. Carlos, Stephen, and

Susan. Photograph is about bacco company at

four years old. a salary three times

jflHk his prospective em- r- FV whatceiving.he Hewas toldre-

"ployer that he l vt - - JtKmUk. didn't smoke.

1:;,. 'm You don't have to

smoke. Just sell

cigarets to the stores."And the reply came: "I could

never sell anyone anything that I didn't believe in myself, or something that I knew wouldn't be good for my customer."

That has been his business philosophy.

He attended the Holladay Elementary School, Long active in promoting youth programs, Elder

Granite High School, and for three years the Smith in 1957 received his Eagle badge along with his

Utah State Agricultural College, (now Utah State son Stephen. He also has the Master M Man award

University) at Logan, but his college career was for his activity in MIA.

cut short by the death of his father, when it became As hobbies. Elder Smith hsts his Scout and MIA

necessary for him to seek employment to help work, swimming, and (Continued on page 114)

FEBRUARY 1963 93 ii valiant in

BY DOYLE L. GREEN, MANAGING EDITOR

Brother Bentley's important and multitudinous assignments which made advisable his release as MIA general superintendent are all connected with the

Unified Church School System. As special assistant

to Chancellor Ernest Wilkinson, he is comptroller not only of Brigham Young University but also of all the

JOSEPH T. BENTLEY Church schools, having the responsibility of the

budgets, financial reports, investment of surplus funds,

Joseph Taylor Bentley, who has served as the general auditing, salaries, etc. He also has, under the presisuperintendent of the Mutual Improvement Associadent, the direct responsibility of the LDS Business

tions of the Church since June conference 1958, was College in Salt Lake City, and along with the vicegranted a release on October 6, 1962. In making the president, Harvey L. Taylor, he supervises the Church

release President McKay said: schools in Mexico. These schools are growing rapidly

"Before President Moyle presents for your conand are becoming an important part of the Unified sideration the general officers of the Church, I desire Church School System.

to present to you an honorable release of one who There are some 200,000 young men enrolled in the has served faithfully and well for over four and oneMutual program throughout the world. It is no little

half years. We have considered well his labors, and assignment to be responsible for developing their

he is perfectly willing to continue. I refer to Elder spirituality through recreational activities. This asJoseph T. Bentley, general superintendent of the signment, as carried on through the Mutual ImproveYoung Men's Mutual Improvement Association of ment Association, involves such tasks as directing the

the entire Church. He is also a prominent officer great M Men, Explorer, and Boy Scout movements,

in the Brigham Young University faculty. planning, building, and supervising manual and recre-

"We have had a talk with him and have a thorough ational programs, conducting institutes or conventions understanding of his duties in the school and also in all of the stakes of the Church, managing the busihis faithful service as general superintendent of the ness and circulation departments of The Improvement

MIA of the Church. The First Presidency and the Era, training leaders, preparing handbooks and

twelve feel that we are asking too much of him to manuals, and supervising many other activities which carry on the work in the school and carry the responsiare held jointly with the YWMIA.

bility of superintendent of this great organization. During his tenure as general superintendent of the

He is perfectly willing to continue or to be released Mutual, Brother Bentley has continually demonjust as we see fit.... We commend Brother Bentley strated his interest, love, and concern for the youth

for the work he has done, able service rendered, and of the Church. His assignments have taken him to

for his willing spirit and his expressed willingness stakes in many parts of the world—from Alaska to

now to do just whatever we feel we would like for Mexico, from Australia to Europe. He is the first

him in the Church. member of the general superintendency to lead an

"And so, in behalf of the First Presidency and the official MIA contingent to hold conventions in newly twelve... we recommend that Brother Bentley be formed stakes in these farflung places.

honorably released as general superintendent of the Brother Bentley's important contribution to the

YMMIA, with an expression of appreciation for his Scout program will be felt for many years to come;

able labors, and we pray blessings to attend him for example, he has fostered an allChurch Explorer in his future work in the school."conference which is planned for August of 1963.

94 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA the cause Youth r> of

Between 3,000 and 4,000 young men are expected to Born March 6, 1906 in Colonia Juarez, Chihuahua, he participate. He has also promoted an annual Scout is the son of Joseph C. and Maude Taylor Bentley.

trek to the top of Utah County's Mount Timpanogos. His father, a merchant, was serving the Church as

As director of scouting for the Church, Brother bishop when Joseph was born. Later his father was

Bentley became a member of the National Committee, made president of the Juarez Stake and after many

Boy Scouts of America, and he served on the personnel years of devoted service demonstrated his willingness and relationships subcommittees. He also has been to serve in any assignment to which he was called by

a member of the executive committee of the western accepting the position of stake clerk.

region. When the national jamboree was held in Young Joseph, who was graduated in accounting

Colorado in 1960, he acted as chaplain general for and business administration from Brigham Young all the LDS Scouts who attended. Some 4,000 young University in 1928, having worked his way through

members of all churches participated. college, was married to Kathleen Bench on June 14

Great and stalwart church men have had this imof that year, after which he and his bride went to portant assignment since its inception in 1875. These New York where he obtained work and enrolled

have included four presidents of the Church—Wilford at Columbia University on a parttime basis. In 1930

Woodruff, Lorenzo Snow, Joseph F. Smith, and he returned to the colonies in Mexico to teach at the

George Albert Smith. The responsibility has also Juarez Academy, and five years later entered the

rested upon the shoulders of such leaders as Junius F. employ of the American Smelting and Refining ComWells, Anthony W. Ivins, Albert E. Bowen, George Q. pany offices in Chihuahua City.

Morris, and Elbert R. Curtis. After two years as principal of the Roosevelt, Utah,

Elder Bentley took over the leadership of the High School, Elder Bentley in 1942 moved to Salt

YMMIA from Brother Curtis in June 1958. Five asLake City again to work in the offices of the smelting

sistants have served in the superintendency with him. firm. In 1946 he became a certified public accountant

Elders Alvin R. Dyer and G. Carlos Smith were and opened his own offices, but in 1953 he joined the

originally called. When Brother Dyer became an accounting department at BYU and two years later

assistant to the Council of the Twelve, Elder Smith was named head of that department.

was named first assistant superintendent and Elder His Church service has been constant and devoted.

Marvin O. Ashton second. Brother Smith was called In his early youth he held many offices in priesthood

into the mission field in 1961, and Verl F. Scott was quorums and auxiliary organizations, and later he

named second assistant, and when Brother Scott was became president of the Chihuahua Branch, 1939;

called into the armed forces, the vacancy was filled counselor in the Roosevelt Stake presidency, 194142;

by Elder Carl W. Buehner. member of the Big Cottonwood (Utah) Stake high

Building on the programs of the past, Elder Bentley council, 194346; president of the stake high priests

and his associates met well the challenge to keep the quorum. Big Cottonwood Stake, 194649; president of

MIA program vital and vibrant, adjusting it to fit the the American Branch of the Church in Mexico City, needs of newly established stakes in farflung areas 1949; first counselor in the Mexican Mission presiand aiding in the great missionary and fellowdency, 195053; member of the high council, East

ship program. Sharon (Utah) Stake, 195356; second counselor,

He came into MIA leadership well qualified to solve Brigham Young University Stake, 1956; president of

the problems which he faced, for he has seen a rich the Northern Mexican Mission from June 1, 1956 life of service in the Church and is a product of the to 1958.

faithful and vigorous Saints who settled in Mexico. One can hardly imagine (Continued on page 110)

FEBRUARY 1963 9S to start the ball rolling. Who is responsible

for starting a Family Organization? You are!

GENEALOGY TEAMWORK THROUGH A FAMILY ORGANIZATION

And whom, are you going to invite to join with you?

All those who are descended from a common ancestar!

"Did you knoiv,"says Mr. Genealogy, "that individual members of the same family often carry

out research unaware that they are duplicating the work other members of the same family have done or are still doing? A shocking waste

of effort!"

This means you will have to contact (visit or

R0SFARCH rJ write) all the known descendants of greatOGRAM grandfather Ginner.

Tell them of your plans to start a Family Organization. Tell them they are needed! Promote

{ j the idea so that they will want to join with you.

As church membership grows, it becomes more and more apparent that genealogical research is a family project.

They will want to know why you are enthusiastic about a Family Organization. OK,

tell them: 1. To carry out research on their pedigree.

Of course, someone has to take the lead! It's 2. To supervise the combined genealogical

no use waiting for Aunt Suzy or Cousin Walter efforts to prevent duplication.

96 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 3. To share the work and finances of doing research.

If the family members come from different geograhic areas, it would be ivise to have a vicepresident, a secretary, and genealogis'elected from each main area represented. Then

if practical, divide the pedigree so that eacl, geographical group is given research responsiTell then of some additional aims of a bility for one particular pedigree section.

Family Organization.

To compile Family Group Records of all the descendants of greatgrandfather Ginner, and

Remember, the important thing is to have as many people as possible participating—actually doing something. Participation pleases people—

try it!

last, but certainly not least, to foster and maintain family fellowship and love.

Good enough reasons? You bet!

And if you want to keep them happy, don't forget to keep them informed of what is going on! Have the secretary of each group send

every member a copy of any new family group records compiled as the result of family research.

officers—eachTo carry out suchwith aimsspecific,youwelldefinedare going toduties.need

A president, two or more vicepresidents, a Don't forget—you should be a member of a

secretary, a treasurer, a genealogist, a hisFamily Organization. If you can't join one,

torian, and so on. start one!

FEBRUARY 1963 97 MUS in the sacrament meeting

when Martin Luther inaugurated congregational singto compile a group of hymns for the Saints to sing.

ing into the church service, he gave to the churchgoer "And verily I say unto thee that thou shalt lay aside a most potent and valued part of religious participathe things of the world, and seek for the things of tion. Music has always been the handmaiden of a better.

religion, but when it emanates from the worshipers "And it shall be given thee, also, to make a selection themselves, it makes them an integral part of the of sacred hymns, as it shall be given thee, which is service. Said James, encouraging good works: "... pleasing unto me, to be had in my church.

being not a forgetful hearer, but a doer of the "For my soul delighteth in the song of the heart;

work...."(James 1:25.) yea, the song of the righteous is a prayer unto me,

High excellence in congregational singing, laudand it shall be answered with a blessing upon their able as it may be, is not the most important value heads."(D&C 25:1012.)

obtained from it. Its main value comes from the fact Emma Smith proceeded as directed to make a selecthat it is a corporate expression of the entire body tion of hymns. William W. Phelps wrote twentynine

of worshipers. There is a more expressive oneness for the proposed volume. Parley P. Pratt and Eliza

among the members of the Church in congregational R. Snow and others contributed from their gifted

singing than in almost any other church activity. It pens. Other hymns were gleaned from the great

is in this unity of singing together that the chief hymnists of the world, and altogether ninety were rewards of congregational singing are to be found. No included in the list, and the words of these were

other music in the church service is as important as printed in a hymnbook in 1835.

congregational singing. Adding to or revising the hymnbook is a sacred

The Lord declared his divine approval for the obligation and has to be done in accordance with the singing of the members of the congregation in church same injunctions given to Emma Smith. It is a great

services when he gave a commandment to Emma honor to be the author or composer of an approved

Smith through her husband the Prophet Joseph Smith and cherished hymn in our hymnal. This honor is

W '1.

".'Ssi

i f J L

.F

JJIffiMBll i jflraft

BY J. SPENCER CORNWALL

felt for generations by the descendants of authors and conductor and organist should always be one of unity composers of Latterday Saint hymns. and authority, dominated by a thoroughly religious

Since congregational singing in our Church is led demeanor. A unity of expressiveness should be the

by a conductor (in many other churches the organist end result of conductor, organist, and singers.

is the leader), it becomes his chief function to initiate One of the most impressive features of a Sacrament all the various items which make for good group singservice is found in the unified program of "music ing. He sets the tempo by governing the introduction and the spoken word."Here the music is thoroughly

played by the organist. He signals for all of the appropriate, and as such, it enhances that which is

members of the congregation to begin together. By said. There are fiftythree subjects which are written

the style of his beat, he portrays the character of the into the texts of the Latterday Saint hymns. This

hymn to be sung, and finally, by the use of proper variety provides much opportunity for unified song conducting, he induces an orderly ending. and story.

The organist, meanwhile, besides following imThere are certain hymns written expressly for the plicitly the conductor's directions, plays the instrument opening and closing of the church services and also in such a way as to produce the best tonal quality hymns to be sung in connection with the partaking possible and a volume which can be heard well by of the Sacrament. All such hymns aid greatly in keepall who sing, but at the same time is not overpowering. ing the service unified.

The organist should also play the hymn phrasewise There is much sacred music which is thoroughly to allow for the taking of breath by the singers. Just appropriate to be a part of the church service but

as the conductor uses an anticipatory beat, so does the which is beyond the capabilities of the congregation.

organist play with a promptness which prevents any It is designed to be sung by groups of selected modification of the tempo as it is established by singers. This music is both inspirational and upliftthe conductor. ing. A fine choir in a ward can be a great asset to the

The general character of the performance of both sacramental service by ( Continued on page 109

Faith ''"Because of Thy BY DR. ALMA P. BURTON, ASST. administrator, seminaries and institutes of religion

The feeling of assurance that comes to one who obtains a testimony of the gospel of

Jesus Christ is difficult to explain to another who has not had a similar experience.

This individual testimony that Jesus is the Christ, the Son of the Living God, the

Author of our faith, is a personal possession and is a revelation from heaven to each individual. According to Joseph Smith, there is a direct communication to the spirit

of a person when God reveals information to him. The Prophet stated, "All things

whatsoever God in his infinite wisdom has seen fit and proper to reveal to us...

are revealed to our spirits precisely as though we had no bodies at all; and those

revelations which will save our spirits will save our bodies."

We may learn about the existence of God from reading an encyclopedia, from historical evidence of Christ's sojourn and ministry, and from the scriptures. However,

really to know God one must have an assurance within his own soul, an assurance which comes from a higher source. Matthew recorded that: "When Jesus came into

the Coasts of Caesarea Philippi, he asked his disciples, saying, Whom do men say that

I the Son of man am?

"And they said. Some say that thou art John the Baptist: some, Elias; and others,

Jeremias, or one of the prophets.

CONDUCTED "He saith unto them. But whom say ye that I am?

BY THE "And Simon Peter answered and said, Thou art the Christ, the Son of the

UNIFIED living God, CHURCH "And Jesus answered and said unto him, Blessed art thou, Simon Barjona: for

is in heaven."SCHOOL flesh and blood hath not revealed it unto thee, but my Father which

SYSTEM Peter had been in daily contact with the Savior, had witnessed miracles performed by him, had listened to his discourses and teachings to the people, and had felt the influence of the great soul of the Savior. He had dined, talked, and traveled with him,

but the Savior reminded Peter that the testimony which he had received had not come as a result of an earthly witness, but that his knowledge of the fact that Christ was the son of the living God had come by way of revelation from his Father in heaven.

The spiritual power that comes into the life of one who has received a witness from heaven that Jesus is the Christ is rewarding to the spirit and satisfying to the body. This knowledge and testimony cannot be purchased with money, won in

battle, nor gained through any earthly means because it is not a matter of earthly consideration. This testimony is to be prized more highly than any earthly possession. Yet, it is remarkable that the acquisition of a testimony of the Gospel of Jesus

Christ is within the reach of all of God's children.

To know God is not only everyone's privilege, it is a requisite for eternal hfe and exaltation. Joseph Smith placed the knowledge of God jirst in the gospel plan.

He taught that: "It is the first principle of the gospel to know for a certainty the

character of God, and to know...."And the Savior said, "And this is life eternal,

that they might know thee the only true God, and Jesus Christ, whom thou hast sent."*

'Discourses of the Prophet Joseph Smith, p. 2. (Originally in DHC, vol. VI, pp. 312313.)

Matthew 16:1317.

Discourses of the Prophet Joseph Smith, p. 1.

*John 17:3.

"Having a knowledge of God,"stated Joseph Smith, tized, he reflected upon the fact that he had not "we begin to know how to approach him, and how obtained a satisfactory knowledge, in his way of to ask so as to receive an answer. thinking, of the truth of the work of God. He laid

"When we understand the character of God, and aside his books, left the house, and wandered around know how to come to him, he begins to unfold the through the fields under the influence of a gloomy heavens to us, and to tell us all about it. When we spirit, while a cloud of darkness seemed to surround

are ready to come to him, he is ready to come to us."him. He had been accustomed, at the close of day,

In thinking about man's relationship with God, to go to a grove for secret prayer. However, this

visualize a large circle on a blackboard with a dot in evening he felt no inclination to do so. The spirit

the center of the circle. The dot represents the of prayer had departed, and the heavens seemed like

position of God. Any place within the area of the brass over his head. At length, realizing that the

circle may represent the position of an individual usual time had come for secret prayer, he concluded in relationship to God. Man may assume any position he would pray even though he did not feel prayerful.

within the circle—near to God or far away—depending He had no sooner opened his lips than he heard

upon what he, the man, is willing to do. The faithfid, a sound, just above his head, like the rustling of silken

humble. Godfearing person who is constantly striving robes, and immediately the Holy Ghost descended

for the word of God and is able to keep the Lord's upon him, completely enveloping his whole person commandments draws near to the Lord. In fact, he and filling him from the crown of his head to the

may even attain unto the position of being very close soles of his feet.

in relationship to God if he is willing to put the gospel "... O, the joy and happiness I felt! No language

above all else in the world. But the wayward, the can describe the almost instantaneous transition from

indifferent, and those who are interested in the things a dense cloud of mental and spiritual darkness into a of the world more than the things of God must be refulgence of light and knowledge, as it was at that content to remain in the outer confines of the circle. time imparted to my understanding. I then received

Each man must choose for himself what his relation- a perfect knowledge that God lives, that Jesus Christ ship to the Lord shall be. The closer the relationship is the Son of God, and of the restoration of the holy

we have to our Heavenly Father, the brighter a light Priesthood, and the fullness of the Gospel. It was a

shines from within us. The farther we move away complete baptism—a tangible immersion in the heavfrom the Lord, the dimmer the light becomes. The enly principle or element, the Holy Ghost; and even

Lord is no respecter of persons. He loves all of his more real and physical in its effect upon every part

children and is bound to keep his promises when his of my system than the immersion by water;... I was

children live in obedience to his commandments. He perfectly satisfied, as well I might be, for my expectahas said, "I, the Lord, am bound when ye do what I tions were more than realized, I think I may safely

say; but when ye do not what I say, ye have say in an infinite degree...."

no promise.""Most of the members of the Church who have a

A number of remarkable accounts have been retestimony have obtained that testimony from the corded regarding the testimonies of God that men witness of the Holy Ghost unto them, but few, if have received. These testimonies have come through any have had an experience as remarkable as the

the witness of the Holy Ghost and by the appearance experience of President Snow. There have been those

of the Father and the Son. who, in addition to obtaining the witness of the Holy

Two or three weeks after Lorenzo Snow was bapGhost, have also received (Continued on page 107)

Discouraen of the Prophet Joseph Smith, p. 16. "Bwrton, Alma P. und Clea M., Stones from Mormon History, p. 17.

D&C 82:10.

FEBRUARY 1963 10I

50 Years of Scouting during this week to fully outline the Church. Within a short time,

the work in detail, which will be several thousand boys had this early ( Continued from page 91 explained to the boys when they kind of scouting in the Church. It

meet in the Second Ward amusement was good.

hall at the big camp fire reunion on

England, met at once with such a Thursday evening November 23...."AFFILIATION WITH BSA

general approval that it is scattering Good progress was made. There

all over the civilized countries. It is are some mSn in the Church today A new development occurred as

now being taken up under the who can remember hearing of scoutcan be seen by another story in the auspices of the M.I.A. and will be ing first as Scouts in the YMMIA. Deseret News dated May 17, 1913.

made an auxiliary of this prominent Dr. John Taylor who was a member "The M.I.A. Scouts, of which

organization of the Church. of the general board as well as throughout the Church there will be

"President Carl A. Badger and the others, contacted stake leaders to between 12,000 and 15,000 when the

stake aids of Liberty Stake will meet put the program into operation over organization is fully completed, is now affiliated with the national organization of Boy Scouts of America....

"Negotiations were taken up with

S. A. Moffatt, field secretary of the

visited organization, national who THE... ALL THIS SPOKEN LOVE IS 8 Salt Lake on January 7 and

WORD year (1913). Mr. Moffatt, afterof thisa

long conference with the representatives of the M.I.A. Scouts, and a

RICHARD L. EVANS careful investigation of the conditions, cordially urged that steps be

immediately taken to affiliate with

Last week we closed with a quoted question: "What is love without truth?"the national organization, assuring

to which we added: What is anything without truth? Sincere love is the M.I.A. representatives that

something that sacrifices, not something that indulges itself. Sincere love everything possible would be done

is It responsible. hurt, heal. knowingly never would but William would

.. retaliate, to are forgive. rather too ready thanPenn said: "We. And toagreeable."make this affiliation effective and

.. us. that lovesyet believe hurt could love no we we What Man we after, correspondence was Soon

. trust. "iswe'll in continued, the hardest Love,"ChrisLesson. he with West, E. taken Mr. James up."'

.tianity. all thing, great others,"is a said a a. "Love. good above Thomas finally executive, chief Scout which

... is light, alone watchful,Kempis, every."which burden maketh Love letter affiliation. in resulted The

still it whilst sleeping fatigued, keeps watch;and is not weary; though conto 24, 1913 on March Mr. West

. is.... gentle, forced. strong, sincere.. pressed, it is notthough.. Love resolution the dated following tained

patient, faithful, prudent, longsuffering, manly.... Love is circumspect, March 15.

humble, and upright; not weak, not fickle, nor intent on vain things; sober, "Whereas, the officers of the Boy

chaste, steadfast, quiet, and guarded in all the senses."'Love is doing, Scouts of America have invited the

forgiving, serving, shielding, protecting, cherishing, respecting. It is not MIA scouts to affiliate with the namere passing sentiment, but something solid that can be counted on. "If tional organization, *be it resolved.

we lose [love] and kindliness from our life,"said Cicero, "we lose all that That we apply for affiliation on the gives it charm."* "This is the one remedy for all ills,"observed Emerson. following conditions:

"We must [love] and at once the impossible becomes possible.... Let "1. That the Field man, appointed

our affection flow out to our fellows; [and] it would operate in a day the by the General Board of the

thisgreatest of all revolutions. face on weary Love would put a new Taylor, now, Dr. John H. YMMIA,

...""* all shall to a... world. This adds up "Love and...you be loved."** in office, or his successors be granted

injunction; love "This scripturalgreat one ye That is my commandment. a Special commission Scout by "

.. love. in shalt live togetheranother, loved you."as I have "Thou National with jurisCouncil the

And to the question: "What is love without truth?"we might almost equally diction over all MIA Scouts, and

ask: What is truth without love? In short, love is not merely something who shall report to the National

we say—for love seeks truth, and requires honesty and honor, discipline Executive Secretary concerning said

and selfcontrol. It is a very substance of soul that cannot be selfish. And MIA scouts.

merely saying we love is not enough. "2. That in cities whexe local councils are chartered, all MIA Scouts

'Cain's Hundred.

William Penn, Some Fruits of Solitude, Religion. applying for promotion or rewards of

Imitation ''Thomas Kempis, shall to of Christ, Chap. V. merit said local subject be

Friendship.*Cicero, Ona

its specially council, with appointed the Reformer.Emerson, Man

"Ibid., Compensation. scout commissioner; and that in all 15:12.'John

8D&C 42:45. other respects the MIA Scouts shall

be under the immediate control and "The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the Columbia direction of the said special MIA

Broadcasting System, December 9, 1962. Copyright 1962. Scout commissioner.

I02 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "L. R. Martineau ership training—advancement—a n d must go credit for the great foundaHyrum M. Smith camping—went forward at a fine tion of scouting in the Church.

(signed) Oscar A. Kirkham pace. These were pioneering days, In the early days of scouting in

B. F. Grant and the spirit of the pioneers was the Church, excellent activity pat-

B. S. Hinckley much in evidence in promoting and terns developed. The Deseref News

John H. Taylor"supervising scouting in the Church of May 17, 1913 recorded the details

by these fine pioneering leaders. for a "Big Field Day"to be held at

The answer dated May 3, 1913 Later some of the elements of the Wandamere Park June 7, 1913 at read operation, so soundly started by 3:00 p.m. The events listed in the

"My Dear Mr. Martineau—It gives these men, were taken over by local program remind one of a presentme great pleasure to tell you councils as these were set up, but day camporee operation:

that at the last meeting of our to this group of men under the drivTent raising, honors to the flagexecutive board held yesterday, the ing leadership and enthusiasm of exhibition, recurrent bandage of the first since your letter of March 24 John Taylor and Oscar Kirkham head, spiral reversed arm bandage.

reached us, it was unanimously agreed to commission Dr. John H.

Taylor, as recommended by the Young Men's Mutual Improvement

Associations, and to have the affiliation of the scouts with MIA the A THOUGHTFUL, THANKFUL of take place AmericaBoy Scouts in accordance with the resoluSEASON...

tions adopted at the meeting held

March 15. "Personally, it gives me great pleasure, as executive official of the RICHARD L. EVANS

Boy Scouts of America, to welcome through you all of those who will Our thoughts turn today to a thoughtful, thankful season—a season of

actively take up Scout work under "maturity, ripeness, richness [with an awareness] of what the [earth] has this new plan. accomplished"'not only in providing plenty, but in providing added evi-

"Sincerely yours, dence of the goodness of him who orders all things, and of the reasons

James E. West, we have to be humble. Indeed, it is doubtful that there can be gratitude,

Chief Scout Executive"real gratitude, without humility. Life, the greatest of the gifts, is sustained

through the seasons by the growing of the seed, the coming forth to flower,

Following the positive action of and the fruit that follows. For this we are grateful. And since no man

the YMMIA athletic committee and can make a seed or control the seasons, humility would seem to be a the Executive Board of the Boy becoming quality. What if even one harvest did not arrive on earth? What

Scouts of America, the National Ofif the seasons did not follow in sequence? And so, thank God that he has

ficers of the Boy Scouts of America brought us through another succession of seasons, with seed to plant, and issued a charter, covering the entire with the harvest we have. "Gratitude,"said Aesop, "is the sign of noble

Church in the United States, authorsouls."- It is good to be grateful. But sometimes we are discouraged.

izing the Church to use the scouting Sometimes we are aware of adverse events. Sometimes we indulge in

program for its boys. The charter finding fault. But as "God would make us like himself, life is [an] exacting

was dated to expire May 21, 1914, education,... [and beyond] gratitude for pleasant paths and fertile

which meant that the effective date fields and surcease [from] anxiety, there ought to be [gratitude for the] was May 21, 1913. Uniforms, badges, gift of spiritual life which transforms... adversities into blessings, burdens

and equipment were made availinto sources of strength,... partings into prophesies of [happy] reunions."-

able. Scouting had another great How could there be doubt, arrogance, insensitivity, or cynicism, with the

upsurge in the Church. providence of God, the beauty of the earth, the awareness of our smallness,

The scouting program was exthe greatness of our opportunities, with infinite truth to search for, with tended and enriched under the the great assurances that God has given again at this time of "maturity, leadership of the YMMIA leaders, ripeness, richness"—a season that says "... the fulness of the earth is

stake and ward, with the assistance yours....""No human counsel hath devised, nor hath any mortal hand

of national Boy Scout leaders. As worked out these great things,"said Abraham Lincoln. "They are the

has been noted. Dr. John H. Taylor gracious gifts of the Most High God, who, while dealing with us in anger

was commissioned to represent the for our sins, hath nevertheless remembered mercy... [for which we]

Boy Scouts of America over the should be solemnly, reverently [grateful]... for singular deliverances

whole Church. At the same time, and blessings... [and] with humble penitence."

Oscar A. Kirkham, who was later

to become such a worldrenowned lEditorial, The Independent, October 6, 1898.

Scout leader, was designated Deputy aEditorial,-Aesop. The Outlook, November 28, 1903.

Commissioner for all the Church. Abraham Lincoln, Proclamation of Thanksgiving, October 3, 1863.

Under the leadership of these two men, with the help and support of "The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the Columbia others, scouting organization—leadBroadcasting System, November 18, 1962. Copyright 1962.

FEBRUARY 1963 103 firemen's lift, carrying injured on too, are enthusiastic over what you aided by the National Council, and

Scout stretcher, exhibition of drill have accomplished."were announced at the Primary

tactics, fire lighting, and water boilThis additional summary by Dr. General Conference in April of 1953

ing contest. James E. West is appropriate also: by Orpha S. Boyden, the chairman

To begin with, scouting in the "The Church of Jesus Christ of of the newly appointed Primary Cub

Church was for boys 12 to 18 years Latterday Saints was the first offiScout committee. The first official

of age. cially to endorse the Boy Scout Cub Scout packs in the Church

In 1928 the Church announced Program. This was in 1913. The were organized and chartered in the

and began to promote what was Mormon Church has since developed Grant Stake in June of 1953. The

called the Vanguard program for a very intensive Scouting program. growth of Cub scouting in the

young men 1516-17 years of age.... There is a very close coordina- Church is recognized in the fact of

To give it official status with the tion between the Scout Troop 1,323 Cub packs with 33,835 Cub

Boy Scouts of America the group activity and the Church program Scouts on December 31, 1961.

was registered as a troop of older for youth. (USA only.)

boys. They were called the Van- "A special Senior program was deAbout the same time problems had

guards, and special programs and veloped for Scouts 15 years of age arisen about the elevenyear-old Boy organization procedures, geared to and older. These troops were known Scout. Boy scouting which had

their age, were established. This as Vanguard troops. The older started for a boy on his twelfth

program progressed well and better Scouts carried out the program of birthday, now started at eleven. Beanswered the needs of this age the Aaronic Priesthood and other cause of the organization age strucgroup. religious activity provided by the ture in the Church, this had created

In 1932 when the Boy Scouts of Church. Complete handbooks were a real problem. The First Presidency

America announced the National prepared to guide this activity. successfully solved the problem by

Explorer program, the Church "When the Senior program of the announcing in January of 1953, that dropped the Vanguard title and Boy Scout movement was announced, all elevenyear-old Boy Scouts in the adopted the Explorer title and its the 'Mormon'Church immediately Church troops would receive their program advantages. However, many took steps to register its Vanguard scouting in the Primary Association.

of the things they did as Explorers, troops as Explorer groups in the Since the Primary is a weekday, they had already been doing as VanSenior Scouting program. In June daytime operation, this meant that

guards. It can be seen from the the elevenyear-old Boy Scouts would

Vanguard activity that the Church "If we could have but one generation register with the troop of the ward, successfully pioneered in the field of properly born, trained, educated, but have scouting in the Primary in of program for older boys. and healthy children, a thousand the daytime, precluding night meetThat the Church did well is atother problems of government would ings and overnight camping.

tested by the comments of the then vanish."—Herbert Hoover This patrol of elevenyear-old Boy

Chief Scout Executive, James E. Scouts operating in the Primary beWest, in a letter from him to Gen1935, Dr. Fisher, representing the came known as the Guide Patrol.

eral YMMIA Superintendent, George National Council, Boy Scouts of The name was suggested by the

Albert Smith, under date of July America, in a great Church cereChief Scout Executive, Arthur A.

27, 1934. mony at Salt Lake City, received Schuck, who had previously spent

"I have just reviewed the two pub- 7,000 Vanguards into the Explorer time with the church leaders discusslications, 'Scouting in the LDS membership of the Boy Scouts of ing boy scouting for elevenyear-olds

Church'and 'The Log of the VanAmerica."in the Church.

guard Trail'and I am so much imAs scouting in the Church develUnder the direction of General pressed with their quality that I oped in the United States, it also Primary President Parmley, details want to send you this word of apprespread to several of the missions were worked out and at the Primary ciation of what has been accomof the Churth in other countries. conference in April, 1953, Edna

plished. This makes me realize anew The Church, being worldwide in M. Faux, who had been appointed

how fortunate we are in having your nature, wanted all boys in the chairman of the Primary Guide leadership as a member of our ExChurch to have every advantage. Patrol committee, presented the new

ecutive Board. Efforts are'continuously being made program idea to ward and stake

"The service which you and those to strengthen this area of scouting. Primary leaders. This program was

associated with you have rendered The next major adjustment of set up to be used where possible in developing this training program scouting in the Church occurred in over the entire Church. It has been,

for young men is outstanding. In 1953. In January of 1953 the First according to statistical reports, an

fact, I hope we can make use of the Presidency announced that the Cub outstanding success. Church leaders

pamphlet on the LDS Church as a Scout program would immediately in Canada have been especially sucsymbol of what could be done by become an official part of the boy cessful in working it out with the other denominations in helping their program of the Church. Assignment scouting program of Canada. There

own leaders to make the Scout Profor its operation was made to the are those who feel that the success gram more effective in Scouting and Primary Association. La Vern W. is partially due to the fact that it

in promoting the ideals and objecParmley, its general president, quickis a daytime program. This phase of

tives of the Church itself. ly organized a committee to direct it made it easily an outdoor program,

"I have shared this material with this part of the program. Details which scouting was intended to be

members of my staflF here, and they. were worked out by the committee. from its beginning.

104 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "DUTY TO GOD"AWARD of it was to interpret and promote Scouts of America, where they have

On January 8, 1954 the leaders of the program of the Boy Scouts of given excellent, recognized service:

the Church announced an award for America to the Church and also to President George Albert Smith and the boys and young men who had interpret the Church, its organizaElder Ezra Taft Benson. Other

done their... "duty to God..."tion, policies, and standards to the General Church Authorities who

and had been "... faithful in their Boy Scouts of America. D. L. Roberts have served in national capacities

religious duties...."Several names was appointed as director of this are Elder Delbert L. Stapley, Elder

for it had been suggested. The service and has continued as such to George Q. Morris, and President

"Duty to God"award was suggested the present time. Oscar A. Kirkham.

by Elder Mark E. Petersen and was Many outstanding Mormon men

the name finally chosen. A commitMANY MEN have served as members of regional

tee, with members of the Council From the first many men, and committees and local council offiof the Twelve, the Presiding Bishopsince 1953, many women have given cers. Their outstanding leadership

ric, and the leaders of the YMMIA effective and dedicated service to has added strength to scouting in composed the group who, for sevachieve the underlying purposes of many places.

eral months had the matter under scouting in the Church. Those who As an evidence of some of this

consideration. have served as Scout masters, Cub outstanding service the Boy Scouts

Notable about it are the requiremasters, Vanguard leaders, Explorer of America have awarded the Silver ments; the most important of which advisers, and their assistants, have Beaver award, for distinguished servis satisfactory record and service in been on the front line in the proice to boys in local councils, to many

the Aaronic Priesthood work, four gram. Also, den mothers have been stalwart Mormon men.

individual certificates being neces- a great strength in it. Also they have awarded the Silver

sary to achieve it. Sunday School It is worthy of note that two of the Antelope to a large number of Morand YMMIA participation including general leaders of the Church have mon men for distinguished service

scouting were also required. The served as members of the executive to boys on a regional basis. They

length of time necessary to earn it is board of the National Council, Boy are: President David O. McKay,

four years. In December of 1962,

12,839 young men had been recognized with the award. UNITS, DECEMBER 31, 1960

More and more as time went on, the real purpose and value of scoutTOTAL UNITS -ALL SPONSORS 130,368 6000 ing in the Church was recognized by TOTAL "MORMON"SPONSORED UNITS 5,550 those associated with it. Aside from % "MORMON"TO TOTAL UNITS 4.3 55501 5500

the character building, citizenship

TOTAL SPONSORED BY RELIGIOUS BODIES 65,094 training, and physical fitness aspects, TOTAL "MORMON"SPONSORED UNITS 5,550 5000 the great underlying spiritual value % "MORMON"TO RELIGIOUS UNITS 8.5

has been emphasized. This has

paralleled the basic purpose of the POPULATION U.S.A. 185,000,000 4500

Church, and recognition of this over MEMBERSHIP "MORMON"CHURCH U.S.A. 1,500,000

the years has made scouting a potent % "MORMONS"TO TOTAL POPULATION U.S.A..8 4000

aid in achieving the high and holy purpose of the Church. It was this 3726( f

fundamental relationship of scouting 3500 to the Church which helped its leaders in the days of decision to 3000 bring scouting into the Church. For

the same reason, it is retained as a vital force in this great purpose. 2500

"MORMON"RELATIONSHIPS 2261 SERVICE 2000 In the fall of 1950, Elder Ezra

Taft Benson, member of the Council 1413 1500 of the Twelve, as a member of the 123SJ(-"of the Nationalexecutive board 1000 999 <'of America, ScoutsCouncil, Boy 656 made a proposal to them that they 586 ) set up a national service to be 500 called "Mormon"Relationships Service, similar to the Protestant, Jewish, and Catholic services. This was done 1912 1915 1920 1925 1930 1935 1940 1945 1950 1955 1960

in December 1950, and the announcement was made that such UNIT INCREASE "MORMON"CHURCH SINCE 1912 service was available to the Church SCOUTING ADOPTED MAY 1913 and to local councils. The purpose

FEBRUARY 1963 105

Elders Ezra Taft Benson, Mark E. ured by others is a shining light. of 540 units and 12,335 boys, the

Petersen, Delbert L. Stapley, LeHigh among the items stirring Church moved up from seventh to

Grand Richards, George Q. Morris, criticism about Mormon scouting is sixth place among sponsors in the

President Oscar A. Kirkham, E. Allen the frequency of leadership changes. country. This indicated great vitalBateman, W. W. Clyde, Walter Many times when a unit has been ity in the use of the program by the

A. Conrad, Elbert R. Curtis, John D. going very well, the leadership is Church. With about.8% of the

Giles, George R. Hill, A. Walter suddenly changed and overnight a population of the country, there

Stevenson, Ernest A. Strong, Ezra quality program drops to zero. As were in the Church 4.6% of the total

M. Hawkes, James W. Whitehead, the records have been analyzed for scouting units in the USA. At the

Dr. J. W. West, and E. M. Jergenson. the past years, tardiness in recharterend of 1961 when the latest totals

The highest national recognition ing has revealed weakness in operawere available there were 6,090 on a national basis is the Silver tion. The record, however, for the scouting units with 119,335 boys, and

Buffalo. This singular honor for fifty years is overall one of grand 39,348 leaders.

distinguished service to boys naaccomplishment. The relationships between the

tionally to has been awarded Albertdents Heber George J. Grant, PresiTHE RECORD Church,Scouts of Americaand especiallyand the Boythe ScoutBoy

Smith, and David O. McKay, also As can be seen from the chart, Association of Canada, have been

to Elders Ezra Taft Benson and the five year periods of growth through the years a happy one. In

Delbert L. Stapley. indicate that constantly the scouting the years to come, with the great

program has been extended to more growth of the Church and its deterSUCCESS AND PROBLEMS boys through Mormon sponsored mination to give to its boys the units. About 1951 and to the time best available opportunities, scoutOver the years there have been in 1953 when the Primary assumed ing will be part of the answer to

recorded occasions of hundreds of part of the task with Cub scouting this desire. Among all of the things

Courts of Honor. There are quite a and the Guide Patrol, there has been that are "... of good report or praisenumber of instances where Scouts or an upsurge in the extension process. worthy..."scouting ranks high.

Explorers from Mormon units have Numerically the Church is small. The second fifty years of its use

received honor medals—certificates Powerwise it is most effective. In will be something indeed to behold

for heroism—certificate of merit from the United States where accurate while it helps to bring boys close

the National Court of Honor. Many data is available, the Church moved to the Church and helps to build

things have happened to attest to the from a position of eighth in total units them into the kind of Saints the quality of scouting in "Mormon"sponsored in 1960 to the seventh Lord would want, and about whom units as well as quantity, which measposition. In 1961 with an increase he would rejoice.

Abraham Lincoln

( Continued from page 80 "In the morning about ten o'clock greatly frightened at first; his voice

the vast audience was assembled on was very low. A titter through the

for alead pencil, finally finding one the slope of Gettysburg. A stand audience evinced the fact that there

with the end chewed off. (Mr. Linhad been erected of rough boards were those who ridiculed his being

coln was always chewing pencils.) draped with flags, and on the President of the United States.

He took another glance at Mr. platform were many distinguished "But as he continued speaking his

Everett and began writing. About guests. Mr. Everett, who was [at awkwardness, in a measure, disapthat time we stopped at a wood yard, several times] governor of Massapeared; he drew himself up and

and Mr. Seward noticed some pieces chusetts, United States senator, amraised his voice so that it might be

of wood lying by the track and rebassador to England, and president heard by that vast audience. Soon

quested me to hand one of them to of Harvard College, was the orator profound quiet prevailed. Not a

the President. I got one about of the day. Mr. Everett spoke for murmur could be heard except the

eighteen inches long and twelve two hours or more. All that admirvoice of the speaker. At the close

inches wide. ing critics have ever said of the of Lincoln's address there was no

"He wrote for a few moments and brilliancy and the elegance of his applause, merely a dead silence, then let the board fall at his side effort is in the main true. His dethat seemed like a benediction.

and the paper to the floor. It was nunciation of the South was painful "Mr. Everett came forward to

done in a manner that seemed to say to Mr. Lincoln, as any observer greet Mr. Lincoln. Mr. Lincoln

that it was too much for him to atmight have seen from the exprescomplimented Mr. Ev.erett on the

tempt to write a speech that would sion of his face. At the close of great oration he had that day debe presentable in the presence of Mr. Everett's address he was greeted livered. Mr. Everett said in subthe distinguished orator of the day, with rounds of applause from 20,000 stance: 'Mr. Lincoln, you are the

Mr. Edward Everett. Finally, he people. person who should be complimented.

stooped down and picked up the "Then the tall ungainly figure of You said more in five minutes than paper and put it in his pocket. About Mr. Lincoln appeared upon the plat- I have said in two hours. Your

ten o'clock that evening I was sent form. He was [more than] six feet speech will live when mine is

to Mr. Lincoln's room, and found in height, his clothes hung loosely forgotten.'

him engaged in copying his speech upon his person, and his walk was Young Woman's Journal, February on foolscap. something of a shuffle. He seemed 1917, vol. 28, page 92.

106 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Because of Thy Faith "Behold, I went to hunt beasts thee, and thou shalt be blessed.

in the forests; and the words which "And I, Enos, knew that God

( Continued from page 101 I had often heard my father speak could not lie; wherefore, my guilt

concerning eternal life, and the joy was swept away.

a knowledge of God as a result of a of the saints, sunk deep into "And I said: Lord, how is it done?

personal appearance of the Savior to my heart. "And he said unto me: Because of

them. The Prophet Joseph Smith "And my soul hungered; and I thy faith in Christ, whom thou hast

made a declaration regarding the kneeled down before my Maker, and never before heard nor seen. And

gaining of a testimony not only I cried unto him in mighty prayer many years pass away before he through the Holy Ghost but of oband supplication for mine own soul; shall manifest himself in the flesh;

taining a further witness through the and all the day long did I cry unto wherefore, go to, thy faith hath made personal appearance of the Lord him; yea, and when the night came thee whole."''

Jesus Christ. In discussing these di- I did still raise my voice high that Enos had been taught by his father

vine blessings, Joseph Smith stated: it reached the heavens. concerning eternal life, and he recog-

"The other Comforter spoken of is "And there came a voice unto me, nized his teachings as being of great a subject of great interest, and persaying: Enos, thy sins are forgiven worth, and they ultimately moved

haps understood by few of this generation. After a person has faith

in Christ, repents of his sins, and is baptized for the remission of his sins and receives the Holy Ghost (by the laying on of hands ), which is the first Comforter, then let him con- (THE.. TO CREATE HAPPINESS. SPOKENtinue himself before to humble God,

WORD A after righthungering and thirsting eousness, and living by every word of God, and the Lord will soon say unto him, Son, thou shalt be exalted. RICHARD L. EVANS

When the Lord has thoroughly finds thatproved the him, and man all We talked last week of gratitude, of thankfulness, for seed, for flower and to at serveis determined him hazards, then the man will find his fruit, for the succession of the seasons, and for all that God has given—even

calling and his election made sure, for burdens, for problems, as "sources of strength, and partings which are then it will be his privilege to receive prophecies of [happy] reunions."Today, we would cite from a source

the other Comforter, which the Lord of more than sixty years ago: "There is an evident effort in nature to be

hath promised the Saints, as is rehappy,"it says. "Everything blossoms to express beauty, as well as lead

itself into crystals, fruitage. fashions that the inorganic to absorb and Even in the testimonycorded of John.

... sunlight. flash examines nature with the... If one microscope back the is this other what "Now Com-...

at night, finds three things: truth as inherent, the or considers heavens he Itforter? is no less than more nor

... that spoken, can everywhere. which and goodness be beyond himself: Christthe Lord Jesus and beauty

this is the sum and substance of the [The Creator] speaks through all things, with an eternal desire to create in pessimist only has the an exception—the happiness. no right to be Man that matter;whole when any man

distress of the our universe... world comes in deep when. The we lose this last willobtains Comforter, he

have the personage of Jesus Christ anchorage of faith in [God]."We would go back to two of the sentences

to attend him, or appear unto him, just cited: "There is an evident effort in nature to be happy."[The Creator]

eternal desire to create all things, happiness."with an through "speaks And to time,from time and even he will

".. are, that source they might another have joy."''. men we cite:manifest the him, Father unto and from

they will take up their abode with Much has been said of the right to search for happiness, the right to pursue this to say that man not only hashim, and the Lord will teach him happiness. We would go further than

face to face, and he may have a the right to pursue happiness but also an obligation to find it. To be happy

perfect knowledge of the mysteries is indeed a duty. To this end man was made. And happiness cannot

of the Kingdom of God; And this is come by running contrary to law, contrary to conscience, contrary to the

the state and place of the ancient keeping of the commandments. What else would a Loving Father plan

Saints arrived at when they had for his children—for those whom he made in his own image—except their

such glorious visions—Isaiah, Ezekiel, happiness, and peace, and progress and everlasting life? And what he

John upon the Isle of Patmos, Paul asks of us is learning, and living in a way to be more like him by the keepin the three heavens, and all the ing of his commandments. "There is an evident effort in nature to be

Saints who held communion with happy"—and it should be so in men. [The Creator] "speaks through all

the general assembly and Church of things, with an eternal desire to create happiness."And it comes by

the Firstborn."living the gospel God has given.

Enos, of former times, testifies of J an experience that came into his life Editorial,-Editorial, TheThe Outlook,Independent,NovemberNovember1903. 1901.

as he sought to gain a testimony. 82 Nephi 2:25.

He said: Discourses of the Prophet Joseph Smith, pp. "The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the Columbia

1314. Broadcasting System, November 25, 1962. Copyright 1962.

FEBRUARY 1963 107 him to supplicate God in the manner "And he saith unto the Lord: I and his voice has been heard from

described in the Book of Mormon. saw the finger of the Lord, and I the heavens as in former times. For

Consider the deep meaning of his feared lest he should smite me; for instance, Joseph Smith beheld both

words, "My soul hungered."It is I knew not that the Lord had flesh the Father of us all and the Savior

easy for us to know physical hunger. and blood. of the world as these glorified beings

But what does it mean to be spirit- "And the Lord said unto him: appeared unto him in the Sacred

ually hungry? Can it be that our Because of thy faith thou hast seen Grove in the spring of 1820. Oliver

souls are not always properly nourthat I shall take upon me flesh and Cowdery and Joseph Smith beheld ished? Is it possible that many of us blood; and never has man come bethe Savior in the Kirtland Temple

stunt our souls and retard our spiritfore me with such exceeding faith as in 1836. Sidney Rigdon and Joseph

ual growth? The soul of Enos was thou hast; for were it not so ye could Smith declared that they saw Jesus

so hungry, and he so much desired not have seen my finger. Sawest "... even on the right hand of God;"

the satisfaction he felt could come thou more than this? and that they heard "the voice bearfrom the Lord, that he prayed all "And he answered: Nay; Lord, ing record that he is the Only

day and into the night for God's show thyself unto me. Begotten of the Father—..."They

blessing. In answer to his pleadings, "And the Lord said unto him: proclaimed that "he lives! For we

the word of the Lord came to him, Believest thou the words which I saw him,..."While this kind of

giving him assurance that he was shall speak? experience has been enjoyed by only

clean, without spot or blemish, for "And he answered; Yea, Lord, I a few persons, there have been thouall his sins were forgiven. And then know that thou speakest the truth, sands who have come to a sure

he wanted to know how this could for thou art a God of truth, and knowledge of God by the witness of be. The Lord answered him that it canst not lie. the Holy Ghost. This is the testiwas, "Because of thy faith...."Enos "And when he had said these mony to be sought after by memhad not merely gone to the Lord words, behold, the Lord showed bers of The Church of Jesus Christ

with the idea of asking a question, himself unto him, and said: Because of Latterday Saints.

but he had gone with a question thou knowest these things ye are Peter's experience shows clearly and with a sincere faith in God that that an individual's testimony by the it would be answered. Holy Ghost comes from our Father

The brother of Jared, another of in heaven and not from observation the Book of Mormon prophets, "Z have been driven many times to of earthly things. Therefore, we

similarly sought a favor from the my knees by the overwhelming conmust have faith in God if we hope

Lord when he and his people were viction that I had nowhere else to to gain a knowledge of him by the preparing to cross the ocean and go. My own wisdom, and that of all witness of the Holy Ghost. After

journey to America. He asked the about me, seemed insufficient for one has obtained a knowledge of

Lord to touch certain stones he had the day."—Abraham Lincoln God's existence through this means

prepared in order that there might and realizes that God does hear and be light in their ships while they answer prayers, then he should crossed the sea. He, no doubt, had strive to increase his knowledge and

prepared himself, as had Enos, to testimony. A certain hymn reads:

redeemed from the fall; therefore ye "Prayer is the soul's sincere desire."the point where he realized that a

personal manifestation from the Lord are brought back into my presence; True it is, but how many have exto him was possible for, as he pretherefore I show myself unto you. perienced the "sincere desire"of the

sented these stones, he said: "Behold, I am he who was presoul? Many of us pray, but do we

the from foundation satisfaction prayers? our of the gain from canst thou "Behold, do pared O Lord, to world people. Behold, redeem my faith, only study, prayerthis. but art Not able that thou know We.""

.. Christ. I am Jesus increase necessary to are and work forth great power,to which show

looks small unto the understanding The brother of Jared had great our knowledge of the things of God.

of men. faith and confidence in the Lord, yet If one pursues that course with an

"And it came to pass that when he was surprised when he learned eye single to the glory of God, his the brother of Jared had said these that the appearance of the Lord is knowledge will increase, and he will words, behold, the Lord stretched like unto that of mortal man. Howbe blessed with a stronger testimony

forth his hand and touched the ever, faith became knowledge, and and with an ever increasing knowlstones one by one with his finger. the Lord told him that because of edge of spiritual things. To gain a

And the veil was taken from off the this knowledge he was redeemed testimony of the gospel through the eyes of the brother of Jared, and he from the fall and was brought back Holy Ghost and to progress in a saw the finger of the Lord; and it into the presence of God. Moroni knowledge of the things of God

was as the finger of a man, like unto wrote regarding this experience: requires much time, energy, thought,

flesh and blood; and the brother of "Wherefore, having this perfect prayer, and study, but that knowlJared fell down before the Lord, for knowledge of God, he could not be edge is of great consequence and

he was struck with fear. kept from within the veil; therefore value. No earthly attainments can

'the Lord saw that the he saw Jesus; and he did minister mean as much in life here and here- "And

brother of Jared had fallen to the unto him."after as the sure knowledge that

earth; and the Lord said unto him: In this dispensation the Savior has God lives, that Jesus is the Christ,

Arise, why hast thou fallen? appeared unto a few men on earth, and that the gospel of Jesus Christ

'"Ether 3:5-14.

"Enos 1:3-8. I'ZbicZ., 3:20. iD&C 76:2223.

108 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA is the eternal plan of salvation for Jesus is the Christ, the Son of the privilege of every baptized and conman on earth. Living God, as was proclaimed by firmed member of The Church,of

It matters not what the world or Peter, and this can only come Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints to men of the world think of Jesus, through revelation from heaven. know that Jesus is the Christ, the Son

whether they regard him as "John Joseph Smith stated that the of the living God, the Redeemer of the Baptist, Elias, Jeremias, or scripture, "... no man can say that the world, and that he will come in

others, or one of the prophets"as Jesus is the Lord, but by the Holy these last days to this earth as has did the men of whom the apostles Ghost,"''should read that "... no been proclaimed by God's prophets

spoke in the Meridian of Time. The man can know that Jesus is the Lord, in all ages and dispensations of time.

important fact is for each one of us but by the Holy Ghost."It is the This knowledge may and will come,

to know within our own hearts that 1-1 Cor. 12:3. "Because of thy faith...."

Music in the Sacrament Meeting (Continued from page 99)

bringing this music to it. Every presiding officers as to its propriety. and the church have, through the

ward should strive to have a choir, As the postlude starts, the entire centuries, been associated.

but the music which it sings should congregation rises to leave the When special numbers, other than be selected with great care and chapel, and considerable noise is those performed by the choir, are should alivays be sacred in character. sometimes generated. However, the brought into the Sacrament meeting,

All of the words must be in harmony postlude can serve a real purpose in such as solos (both vocal and with Latterday Saint doctrine and helping the members to retain the instrumental), duets, trios, quartets, principles and at the same time of spirit of worship as they leave choruses, and instrumental ensemhigh order. Inelegant verse and the chapel. bles, every caution should be exerunworthy music have no uplifting Organ solos, if all conditions of cised to have them sung and played

influence on either singer or listener. appropriateness are understandingly in accordance with that which is

The general Church music comworked out, can be an effective part appropriate to the occasion. More

mittee has published a list of apof the Sacrament meeting service. difficulty arises in keeping the music

proved anthems for ward choirs. If proper from these sources than

leader choir goes beyonda ward his choir, UNIQUE FEBRUARY anyProbablyother. the most flagrant diselect to music forthese

he should be guided by a conBY FRANCES YOST gression in choosing proper music is formity to appropriateness and the February, you are short. found in the Sacrament meeting deprinciples of the gospel. You're a little leapyear freak. voted to a missionary farewell. The

President Heber J. Grant once Yet with you great men consort. missionary often has a relative or

said, "To my mind the musician who Lovers lend you their support. friend or companion who sings or

pays little or no attention to the To you, groundhogs must report. plays but who is not prepared to

words of the song destroys half the Of all the months you're most or does not sing or play music which value of his or her singing. The more unique. is fitting in a Sunday service. Being

beautiful the music by which false February though you're short given the privilege of helping to doctrine is sung, the more dangerous Still you are the annual sheik. make up his farewell program, the

it becomes. I appeal to all Lattermissionary urgently desires that his

day Saints and especially to our friend or relative has a part on it.

choirs, never to sing the words of a They should have a religious connoThe height of inappropriateness song, no matter how beautiful and tation or character, should be somehas often been the result in these inspiring the music may be, where what subdued, and should be played situations.

the teachings are not in accord with with skill and taste. Secular music Finally, we must conclude that

the truths of the gospel."of any kind has no place in a Sacthe sacred hymn which was desigAn organ with a beautiful tone, rament meeting. nated by the Lord to be used by

if played properly, can add much Sometimes a piano has to be used the Saints epitomizes the character to the church service. The prelude, in the Church because no other inof music to be sung in the church.

for example, can establish the right strument is available. It also hapIts worthy counterpart, the sacred

mood for the service and also quiet pens that some accompanists for anthem, is the appropriate music to the worshipers as they enter the special numbers and even for the be sung by the choir. All other

chapel and take their seats. The choir cannot play the organ and, music used on the Sabbath day in

organist should ever be alert in therefore, have to play the piano. church services should be of the

searching out music which will best The facts are that the piano hasn't same character as the hymn and the accomplish these two purposes. the religious tradition as has the anthem. Proper music properly

The postlude has occasioned some organ and is, therefore, thought of performed will always be a fitting controversy among organists and as a secular instrument. The organ companion to the Lord's word.

FEBRUARY 1963 109 "... valiant in the tablished on the general board level, church coach was quite lukewarm

cause of Youth"and directors of teaching appointed towards the Church. Our second in each of the stakes. This commitbaseman had many problems. The

{Continued from page 95) tee has prepared manuals and foscoach is now superintendent of the a more devoted MIA family than the tered improved teaching techniques YMMIA. The second baseman is a

Bentleys. While Brother Bentley throughout the Church. teachers quorum adviser. Both have

served as general superintendent of 7. A new Young Marrieds program never been happier, and when they

the Mutual, his mother, now 79 years was developed. In this program were activated, their wives came

of age, was speechdrama leader in young married people who are genright along with them. Our third

the El Paso Stake. His wife Kathleen erally not able to attend regular baseman was born in the Church,

has served in MIA practically all of Mutuals meet together in homes on he never held any priesthood until her married life, as a ward YWMIA some night other than a Mutual this year. They recently ordained

president, on stake boards, and at night to study outlined lessons and to him a priest. Our right fielder

present as a stake Laurel leader. engage in cultural, social, recreastarted playing basketball with us

Their son Joseph has recently been tional, and spiritual activities, which last fall, and before the season was released as Young Men's superinprogram has aided greatly in holdover, he asked for missionaries. His

tendent of the Minneapolis Stake to ing our young people close to whole family embraced the Church, become a high councilman in charge the Church and in fellowshiping and he is working for a chance to go of MIA. Another son, Robert F., new members. to the temple. All of these men were

has been Explorer leader in the 8. The circulation of The Imreached through the athletic proProvo Oak Hills Third Ward, but provement Era continued to climb. gram. The rest of us would probhas recently moved to New York. The last audit made by the Audit ably still be active without the

Their youngest daughter Frances is Bureau of Circulations placed the program, but I am sure that we enLaurel leader in the Provo Oak Hills circulation figure at 194,000. joy the Church much more because

Fourth Ward. 9. A special section of The Imof the athletics."

Elder Bentley's administration will provement Era was established for From Lomita, California: "When

be remembered mainly for the folthe young people of the Church. our Church M Men Basketball

lowing refinements and changes This section known as The Era of Tournament opens next week, which have been made in the Youth has been edited by President Lomita Ward, Division 17 Southern

MIA program. Marion D. Hanks and Elaine CanCalifornia Champions, will floor an

1. MIA work in the mission fields non and is helping to fill a univerentire first string which has been

has been expanded and emphasis has sally recognized need in providing converted to The Church of Jesus been placed upon the organizing of suitable reading material for our Christ of Latterday Saints through home and neighborhood Mutuals teenagers. It has appeared in the interest in the M Men basketball

where there are no branches of the Era regularly as a twelve and later program. To supplement this, two

Church. Special handbooks for a sixteen page supplement since its of the teams'second string claim

the missions have been printed, a beginning in June 1960. that this program has also sparked

monthly publication, MIA in the 10. The financial structure of the their interest to become members

Missions, is being distributed, and MIA was strengthened. of the Church."

a new film strip by the same title has 11. Special MIA trophies were deThis leaves only five members of

been produced. veloped and made available for the Lomita Ward team who were

2. The "Vanguard"program was awarding winners of athletics and originally members of the Church

augmented, appropriate manuals other church events. With their before an M Man basketball prowritten and printed, and recognitions MIA emblems and LDS flavor, they gram was organized in this area.

and achievements worked out for use have more significance than comAll five have stated that their testiin areas in the world where the Boy mercial trophies. monies have greatly increased since

Scout program could not be used. 12. Two great Churchwide firetaking an active part in this program.

3. The "Ensign"program was besides have been held, reaching from From Rome, Georgia: "I am ingun to replace the Jr. M Man prothe Tabernacle in Salt Lake City deed appreciative to The Church of

gram. Later when the Church into chapels by wire throughout Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints for

reduced the age for missionaries the Church. sponsoring scouting.

from twenty to nineteen, the M But the success of the program "The nineteenth of this month I

Man was lowered to eighteen and cannot be measured in terms of will have been a Mormon for nine the Ensign and Explorer programs numbers or changes or organization, months. It started with two miswere combined. Sixteen and sevenbut how it works in the life of indisionaries coming to my office reteen-yearolds are now called "Enviduals and what it does to promote questing information on beginning a

signExplorers."the cause for which it was estabScout troop. I asked them what

4. The Ensign program was exlished. How well is the MIA prothey believed in, and they made an

tended into the overseas stakes gram working? The following will appointment with me to explain

and missions. give some indication: this Church.

5. A development committee, From Renton, Washington, comes "Within nine months a lot of

which is concerned with publicity a letter which says in part, "I'm writthings have happened: My sister

and public relations, was added to ing to express my gratitude... for and I were baptized on the same

the general boards. the wonderful allChurch softball day; a week later my mother was

6. A teaching committee was estournament.... Two years ago our baptized. My brother had gotten

no THE IMPROVEMENT ERA out of the Navy in December, and President David O. McKay In his very being and every deed

he has since been baptized. My Honored we see in him the genius for freeolder brother and his wife were dom under law, the conviction that

their infant blessed.baptized,

immediate This {Continued from page 85) democracyof a dignifiedis thesocialhighestorder.expressionWe seeis my entire family. Now

you can understand why I say, every day his talent for harmonizing 'Thank you, God, for scouting, cant for several reasons: One—that diversities and the inspired leaderand thank you, dear God, for it was prompted, I feel, by the ship which brings and secures enmy Church.'inspiration of the allencompassing richment from varied cultural sources

From Ogden, Utah: "This mornand pervading humanitarianism of as he has brought them together

ing I received a phone call and the this beloved man whom we honor from every people, every land, every most heartwarming news I have this evening, for it fosters and engeneration.

heard in a long time. courages the intuition of enlightened And yet really, we have gathered

"Remember last winter a trophy thought and action by free men in not so much to pay honor to David was presented to Mike Sivulich of the environment and climate of our O. McKay, for he has had honors

the Ogden Twelfth Ward M Men perfect democracy; and second—that heaped upon him greater than we

basketball team as the outstanding the one so selected traces his own can offer. We have gathered that

player in the tournament? Yesterday lineage through the long generations we might have opportunity to give

he was baptized a member of the to David of the Bible and is thereby full expression to the respect, to the

Church. All of this as a direct of the people of the Book. affection, to indeed the love and

result of participating in the athTherefore, for these few words gratitude that we have for him. We

letic program of the MIA! that I am privileged to speak to are here loudly and clearly to say

"I believe one of the things which President McKay, I pick two texts that we as citizens of this community affected him the most was the from the Bible which I believe have are the beneficiaries of the good that brotherhood that was shown to him, full measure of meaning and underlies in this man's heart. We are the

a nonmember, in the allChurch standing as one thinks of David O. beneficiaries of his mind that sees

tournament. He was nearly overMcKay. The one text is from Job more clearly not that which divides

come with emotion when his name which you will recall reads: men, but rather that which unites

was announced as the outstanding "The righteous also shall hold on them.

player...."his way, and he that hath clean I hope you will agree with me

And finally, from Layton, Utah: hands shall be stronger and stronger."that the small gift which is but the

"Dear Brother Bentley: On behalf (Job 17:9.) symbol of our sincerity fits so well

of each of the MIA workers in the Gentlemen, think of David O. and simply in paying our tribute.

Layton Stake, may I express appreMcKay as I read this again. "The Our gift to President McKay is an

ciation to you for the inspiration righteous also shall hold on his way, organ to be installed in the chapel you gave at our stake conference and he that hath clean hands shall which has been built jn MerthyrSunday evening. The impression be stronger and stronger."And secTydfil, Wales, to honor his mother,

that you made on the youth of our ond, from the Prophet Micah: "He Jennette Evans McKay. In so doing,

stake will benefit them greatly in hath shewed thee, O man, what is President McKay, we give our meeting the problems which they good; and what doth the Lord reimderstanding and our support to

will face in the future years. I perquire of thee, but to do justly, and the importance not only to your ansonally sympathize with those young to love mercy, and to walk humbly cestry which has contributed so

people who were not in attendance, with thy God?"(Micah 6:8.) Do largely to your own accomplishfor they missed what could have you know of anyone who has lisments, but as well to the leadership

been a highhght in their life. Many tened to or lived this exhortation that you give us all in guiding us in

of the 700 in attendance commented with greater faith or purpose? sympathy to other times, to other

on your feeling of warmth and deep This is indeed an epochal and places, to other customs, to underconcern for the youth of the Church. exciting occasion, gentlemen, for in stand that they are part and parcel

The Church is fortunate to have our assemblage here and in our of what goes to make our life here the quality of leaders such as you action as we have gathered to pay today an inspired opportunity.

with your interest in our boys and honor and respect to this great In presenting this gift we hereby girls. We, as stake leaders, ofttimes leader, we are doing that which give our understanding to the

fail to mention our appreciation to gives voice and action to the rights warmth and to the purity of your you for the outstanding programs of free men under our American way character, inspired as it has been which you provide...."of life, that represents the most perfrom every sense of virtue and of

This sincere expression, penned by fect democracy that God has pertruth and of right, knowing that it a YMMIA stake superintendent, is mitted man to create. must come from each generation

typical of the thanks and appreciaWe pay honor to David O. and each area, and knowing that it

tion, the warmth and love felt by the McKay—not that his theology is akin must be passed on with everincreas-

MIA leaders and the youngin-heart to ours, but really rather that it is ing influence and effectiveness.

throughout the Church of Brother not, for I think that we know him It is our hope that the sounds

Joseph T. Bentley, all of whom best as the ideal of what we look for of this organ will always inspire

join in wishing him well and pray in the great American. It is throughthose who will hear it to follow in

for God's richest blessings to atout the world that this has given the footsteps of Jennette Evans tend him. inspiration to that which is America. McKay and her son, to bring their

FEBRUARY 1963 lit

infkience for good to the peoples of We see not whence the eddy comes in human nature as expressed by the world, to spread constantly the Nor witherward it is tending, you in graciousness, kindness, good understanding of the need of faith And we seem, ourselves, to witness will, can find expression, not in and the love of God in righteous their flight "thanks,"but only in gratitude.

peace and happiness for all time. Without a sense that we are changed. I sincerely wish I were more

May the Lord let his countenance Yet Time is beguiling man of his worthy of the honor you have thus shine upon thee and be gracious strength bestowed upon me; and in wishing

unto thee. As the winds rob the trees of their to be worthy of your esteem, I find

May the Lord lift up his countefoliage."myself fully in accord with Portia's

nance upon thee and give thee feelings when Bassanio chose the peace. (From "Woodstock") leaden casket that contained her

May he always give his blessings picture and won her fortune and to you and to your people. love. The princess of Morocco and

As one recalls the cherished assoArragon had been rejected, but ciations, the thrills and ecstasy of Bassanio stood victorious in possesRESPONSE BY youthtions, followedfailures, bypartialthe hopes,successesaspiraof sionalso notwith onlythe oflovetheof dowry,Portia, butas

PRESIDENT MCKAY early manhood leading into responsishe said:

bilities of advancing maturity, one

Mr. O'Keefe, President, and membecomes aware that during his jour- "You see me. Lord Bassanio, where

bers of the Salt Lake Chamber of ney, whether in social relationships, I stand,

Commerce, prominent men in other educational efforts, mission experiSuch as I am; though for myself

business and professional organizaences, business relationships, public alone tions, my dear friends: responsibilities—through all activi- I would not be ambitious in my

As you presented, held this beauties, the source of the supreme joy wish, tiful plaque in tribute to Mother, in life, second only to the happiness To wish myself much better; yet,

there came to my mind these words, of home and loved ones, is the comfor you spoken by the prince in "The panionship of friends and confiden- I would be trebled twenty times

Princess": tial associates! myself;

From dashing youth to unsteady A thousand times more fair, ten "She of whom you speak, old age, the consciousness of being thousand times

My mother, seems as pure as some and having a friend fills one's soul More rich:

serene with sweet content. That only to stand high in your

Creation minted in the golden moods True friendship springs from the account,

Of Sovereign artists; not a thought, heart! I might in virtues, beauties, livings,

a touch, There is magic in the memory of friends.

But pure as lines of green that streak friends of our youth; but there is Exceed account."

the white love and gratitude for ripened

Of the first snowdrop's inner leaves."friends who surround us at life's (Merchant of Venice,

setting sun! Act III, Scene 1.)

( Tennyson Polonius gave good advice to his son when he said: So she said with all the love in

her heart which she gave to Lord

There is another sweet lady I am "The friends thou hast, and their Bassanio.

glad to pay tribute to tonight, that adoption tried So, as I receive this tribute from good woman who honors this digniGrapple them to thy soul with hoops you, my friends, I say, with sincerity fied body of men by her presence, of steel."in my heart: For you, I would be

Emma Ray Riggs McKay. Since "trebled twenty times myself,"would

January 2, 1901, she has been my (Hamlet, Act I, Scene 3) be many times more capable to serve inspiration, my lifelong sweetheart, you in efforts to make our fair city an angel of God come upon earth. and state superior to any in the

What I am as I stand before you, I So tonight my heart is filled with world, not only in scenic attractions, owe much to her inspiration, her appreciation for this overwhelming but in civic pride, in courtesy, in companionship and guidance, adtribute, which I wish to share, as I spirituality, and friendship!

monition, and her wonderful power say, with my beloved companion at God bless you, fellow citizens, my of endurance. my side. What you have done here brothers. May we continue to keep

Life's journey when viewed from tonight merits more than can be the spirit of love and friendship as the year 1873 to 1962 seems long and expressed in the mere phrase, wholesome and sweet in our own hazardous. Once achieved, when "Thank you."Appreciation can find associations and business affairs and

observed in retrospect, it seems inexpression not only in words, but social affairs, in service one to andeed but a brief span of human in feelings. other, that Salt Lake City and Utah

existence. Sir Walter Scott truly "God is more interested in inner might in every way be an example

wrote: grace than in outer space."to the whole world. With gratitude

Appreciation of that portion of and love in Sister McKay's and my "Years rush by us like the wind, divine grace manifest here tonight heart, I say, God bless you.

112 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Baldaviist

are Ltaranteedjbr

./ with no ejcception

Back of Baldwin confidence in its products is unsurpassed quality control in manufacture, together with a research and components testing program that is unmatched in the electronic organ industry.

liiiiiiiii

BALDWIN ORGAN WARRANTY

The Baldwin Piano Company warrants to its dealers, and its dealers in turn warrant to their customers, as follows:

Baldwin Organs are fully and unconditionally guaranteed, under normal use and care, against defective workmanship or material, for five (5) years from date of sale. All parts

ore included; there are no exceptions. Parts found defective due to workmanship or material will be replaced free of charge for a period of five (5) years. Transportation charges,

if any, are to be paid by the purchaser. Any labor required in connection with this warranty

must be performed by the dealers'factory certified organ service technicians, and will be done without charge for a period of one (1} year from date of sale, after which time regularly established service rates will prevail. This warranty is to the original purchaser.

PURCHASED FROMSIGNATURE.

(customer) DATE OF SALE

SERIAL NUMBER. (deoler)

MODEL

iiiiiii

BUILT BY

"Raldaviiv PIANOS ORGANS

FEBRUARY 1963 113

YOU CAN RENT IT!

Elder Smith chose Elder Marvin J. HOWE RENTS... back to MIA activity For his assistants in the MIA,

SALES AND RENTALS ( Continued from page 93 Ashton and Carl W. Buehner, both

were serving as assistants with Elder

Beds—Wheel Chairs Bentley. Superintendent Smith also

Commodes—Crutches other athletics. As a high school requested that the general board as

junior he broke his arm above the constituted continue to serve with

Tables—Chairs—Dishes elbow. When it was taken out of him.

Punch Bowls—Grills the cast, the arm was partially "My greatest joy outside of my

Silverware paralyzed. The doctors said the family,"Superintendent Smith says,

Tractors—Forklifts nerve had been injured and that "is to have the love and confidence

Trucks—Air Compressors Carlos would always have a stiff arm. of the youth. I am proud to be

friend their to confide and for them to play basedetermined was He All Types Tools in greater me. compliment all winter ball No spring, so the next

Salt Lake City long he carried a sponge ball to could be given to men than the one 2375 South State 4860055 squeeze and strengthen his hand I have just received from the First

Ogden to preside over Presidency the young fingers. spring he played That

1627 Washington Blvd EX 4-9414 and social their in of the Church field. high school In he men center

played baseball and football; in coland religious activities—the MIA.

lived a simple life. I have "I have the varsity football he was on in Security Want Do You Your Home? lege things, perspectacular not done team. and swimming fail Should your gas power or

THERMORITE One of the missionaries now servformed great deeds, or made a lot "The Miracle Glass Enclosure"ing in the Central States said of of money. I have gone quietly

coal, willwith your heat coal ttove. Thit it the modern front wayroom*of likeenjoy-a Elder Smith: "He is a great leader about my 'Father's business'the best

ing your fireplace. with desires to see things grow, and way I know how."

No he wants to succeed in all he In becoming general superin-."Smoke also becomes tendent, Elder Smith does.

No Improvegeneral manager of The convert, E. D. Moore, Spark* A recent..

No Drafty who had spent a lifetime of activity ment Era. Floors in another church, and then heard We welcome Superintendent Smith

Ample a assignment. to his To be new gospel restored the understood Heat and

is challenging of and youth will miss leader sorely says: "This mission Solid

Brats i.'-fi 'i-;... J i.V the Smiths. They have added stature ofttimes difficult, but nevertheless,

"A Thing of Beauty, Economy and Safety and scope to the missionary work a rewarding task. As someone has

in Fine Treasured Everywhere"Homes reflect will only said, presi- "Tomorrow aid greatly will that the new for Folder Write Free Colored or Phone today."youth teach our at large."what we as the Church as well dent SALES THERMORITE BENNION

4817 Holladay Blvd. Salt Lake City, Utah

Phone CR 8-8811 or AM 6-3310 Available in leading glass, furniture and building supply stores in the Intermountain area.

Personality, Society, and Your Question

Culture (Continued from page 79) (Continued from page 70) James E. Talmage had to find the mortal course. No other person ever

necessary peace afforded by a room suffered as intensely as did the Son in the Salt Lake Temple to produce of God, which suffering, as he said, his great book, ]esus the Christ. "... caused myself, even God, the

There are many types of activity. greatest of all, to tremble because

realization of God's Perhaps the at pore, of bleed every pain, and to FOLDING for times spirit—to suffer some in these kingdom both and body and

PEDESTAL TABLES depends more on our ability to work and would that I might not drink

Direct from factory savout such problems of personality and the bitter cup, and shrink—

ing to Schools, Churches, circle cultiu-e in family and our own all Clubs, organiLodges and glory "Nevertheless, to the be to realize. zations. care 1963 than beyond we MONROE

finished Father, Folding Tables and I partook and are Banquet of buildsecrets of the one Maybe for quality, duraunmatched children the preparations unto Portitions state, the my the family, ing the bility, and convenience handand some appearance. 94 models and sizes for kingdom, is to remember the old of men."(D&C 19:1819.)

prices, catalog. every use. Write for adage that one man's meat is another We must come to the conclusion, BIG CATALOG 1963 FREEFull lirte tables, chairs, man's poison; that mental or musical after a careful consideration of this pictures. Color MONROE

table and chair trucks, platformrisers, portor other sauce for the goose is not question, that the conscience of any partitions. Write able today!

Church St., Colfax, Iowa necessarily sauce for the gander; normal person would trouble that 249 THE MONROE CO.,

that man and woman, individuals person all the days of mortal life, if are all different, while being simiguilty of such an act. As far as

lar. The children in their cradles, suffering any penalty is concerned

the boys and girls in the class, all that would be a matter deferred to or career glamorous Enjoyprofitable Art, hobby. Commercial have individual differences. the final judgment.

ing, etc. Lettering, FashionLearnhighpay Art, Cartooning,

in TV,outfitsPainttime. 22pc. at art spare home TWO

a included. 20c (worth $25) COST—only LOW

Booli. obligation. day. Write No FREE

2422, Art, Studio Schoolfor Port Washington N.Y.of (Estab. Washington, 1914—Licensed

of Education.) N.Y. State L.L,Dept. by

114 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA HONEY

FULL OF FRESH COUNTRY

"-..:2r'fggSi

NABISCO

Taste it! The golden healthful honey in Nabisco Sugar

Honey Grahams. The freshfrom-thecomb honey in

every crisp, delicious bite. And here's the rich malty

flavor of real graham flour in all its natural goodness

Taste what makes this graham so great... so satisfying, it's America's favorite betweenmeal cracker.

Try the economical 2-pound package.

NABISCO SUGAR HONEY GRAHAMS LBS. 2

FEBRUARY 1963 115 p

While the battle for the souls of men is in its active stage, it will be well to withdraw the captains of the

Lord's hosts from the intense hand to hand struggle let them stand apart and survey the scene. If MEICHIZEDEK and

they can see clearly the objectives they struggle r PR ESTHOOD i for now, compared to the final goal, they will then enter the fray with new heart and better teamwork to achieve.

The captains of the Lord's hosts in this struggle are the quorum presidents. What, then, do they see,

as they stand apart, surveying and measuring?

They see: 1. That the objectives of the three standing committees cover all of the activity needed by the

quorum to keep it running full steam ahead.

2. That the use of these committees is the best way

to operate the quorum if its members are to have any creative part in the program.

3. That the president presides over the personal welfare committee and with it is responsible for the

well being, comfort, and economic happiness of the quorum members.

4. That a counselor presides over the church service

committee which gives life and sparkle into the quorum and is the chief means by which men are glad to belong.

5. That a counselor presides over the committee on

fact finding which is constantly measuring and evaluating the efforts of the other two committees.

6. That it's easier to do it alone as a presidency, just

as it's easier to arrive at decisions alone, but that no one benefits from this type of decision.

116 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

>j/lJiM\

What then are the best tactics to win the fight? use only the active, they will have no time to work

Before committing themselves once more to the battle, with the inactive.

they will consider: A quorum's purpose is to promote the activity and

fraternity of its members. If a portion are inactive,

1. The quorum program of committees and activities then the program should be geared to them.

is one place in the Church where a man poor in spirit, bad in habit, or untouched by hope, can 5. If the presidency has only a little time each week

be invited to function without previous reformait should spend it on the inactive.

tion. He can go to work as a committeeman on a The active are already busy in the ward or stake.

project immediately.

He is usually not considered for other positions 6. The use of the telephone is almost a certain way

because of his attitude, habits, or conduct. to defeat your efforts.

Make face to face visits when making assignments.

2. A man must be asked or invited to service before

he can perform. This principle is basic in 7. To get fraternal results men must work (and play)

the Church. together.

He may not respond when he is asked but he A task or subcommittee should be composed cannot respond until he is asked. of at least two—a committee of one is not

His refusal to accept makes more urgent the a committee.

necessity of asking him again and again. (There

are many ways to do this—vary the approach.

3. The member should be allowed to decide whether

or not he will work or accept assignments. If the

president assumes a man will not accept, and does therefore not ask him, he deprives him of his right of decision.

The number of times of refusal makes no difference. The man may have repented since the

last asking.

He must be asked again and again and the onus of refusal must be on the man himself. If the

president judges him, the president may prevent his working.

4. If the members of the presidency spend their time

planning projects geared only to the active, and

FEBRUARY 1963 117 BY PRESIDENT HENRY D. MOYLE

THE weIn oldmayageforgetwe dowhatnot happenedforget our lastboyhood.year, butIndeed,the

PRESIDING memoriesthey stand ofoutyouthin ourlingervisionon.of theSometimespast plainerI believeand

plainer as we get older and older.

Does not this fact immediately impress upon youBISHOPRIC'S the importance of serious thought here and now as to what is our purpose in life? What are our ambiPAGE tions? How can we realize in our lives the best

there is in us?

We all have plenty of ability to keep us busy in its development. True, we do not all have the same

gifts. It is equally true we do all have the capacity

within us to reach out and fully develop every attribute which is ours. How wonderful to look back on

life and reflect with extreme satisfaction upon a consistent course of conduct throughout our entire life. No one fully realizes the tremendous worth of

such a life until they get older. Any life consistently

led produces great results and accomplishments.

When we are consistently good and our purposes righteous, we become more perfect in the sight of man and God. A consistent man is a successful man.

A successful man is admired and respected by all who know him. His influence is likely to reach beyond

the limits of his acquaintances. So, if I were you,

I would be consistent.

When I was a young boy my father entrusted the family cow to my care, both at our home in the city as well as at our home in the mountains in the summer. My first trip from the city to the mountains

with the cow was made on horseback. I had a wonderful Indian pony, jet black in color and round as a

barrel. She had a beautiful thick long mane and

tail. She was my pride and joy. For the most part

I rode her bareback and took great delight in currying her regularly. I even fed her carrots to improve the

shine of her hair and even kept her shod, whereas most of the ponies were ridden without shoes. Somehow or

other as a boy I sensed that whatever I did to perfect the pony seemed to pay dividends, the pony did more for me.

Well, I could go on telling you of my experiences with this pony, but it is the leading of the cow from

Salt Lake City to Brighton in Big Cottonwood Canyon that I started to tell you about. You know it can

be hard work leading a cow by a rope attached to her halter with the other end wrapped around the horn of the saddle. It took most of the day to get

the cow from Salt Lake City to the mouth of the canyon.

Around noon I stopped at a farm located on Highland Drive below Sugar House, now built upon with

118 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA houses. I milked the cow to make traveling easier road until I was once again seated comfortably on

for her and fed the pony and the cow. The fresh my pony, thanks to the Lord.

warm milk tasted good with the sandwiches Mother If I were you I would pray and develop the gift had put in my saddlebag. within me of talking to the Lord and depending upon

Toward evening as we neared the Spillett farm, him to help me when his help is necessary. You

the cow balked. I lost hold of the rope, and the will find throughout life he will always be there to

cow took off up the hill in the thick scrub oak brush. help you. Without his help, we do not accomplish

I left my pony on the canyon road. I climbed into much. With his help there is nothing we cannot

the brush to hunt the cow, but I could not find her, accomplish if we will. Will power and work will bring

and it was getting darker all the time. When I felt us wherever we want to go.

I had done all I could to help myself, I knelt down Now if we add to our consistency and prayerfulto pray. I knew then that the Lord heard and ness, honesty and truthfulness and honor for our

answered our prayers when we did our part. I felt mother and father and love for our brothers and

good when I stood up. I was not afraid any more. I sisters, and keep ourselves morally clean and begin

walked a short distance up the hill and came upon early in life to do our duty to God, to the Church, an old irrigation ditch that was used to bring water to the family, and to our country, lending obedience from the canyon stream onto some high land west to the laws of God and the laws of the land, our and north owned by the Green family. A short disrecollection of our past life, as we grow older,

tance up the ditch I saw my cow hidden by the lower will be a source of ever increasing satisfaction high bank of the ditch. After thanking the Lord for and happiness.

answering my prayer, I drove the cow ahead of me If I were you, I would decide now to live such a in the ditch until we came out into the clear. I tied life and ultimately enjoy such a recollection and set

the cow to a bush, and soon went down the canyon such a goal.

QUALITY WARD TEACHING

One of the objectives of stake and ward leaders in effort"is devoid of pretense, showmanship, oratory, ward teaching should be constantly to improve the and pressure tactics. In the spirit of sincerity the

quality of the program., The following definition of heart, the voice, and the countenance grow earnest.

quality is one if followed that will make for a better (4) "Intelligent direction and skilful execution."

program. The author is unknown: This is quality in leadership. It emphasizes the need

"Quality is never an accident. It is always the for efficient organization. Through organization, diresult of high intention, sincere effort, intelligent rection is given. Without organization there is no

direction, and skilful execution. It represents the wise plan, and if there is no plan, there is no program, and

choice of many alternatives and the cumulative expeif there is no program, there is no promotion.

rience of many masters of craftsmanship. Quality also (5) "The wise choice of many alternatives."This

marks the search for an ideal after necessity has been is good counsel for ward teachers to follow. It means

satisfied and mere usefulness achieved."to proceed with caution. It eliminates snap judgLet us analyze the various phases of this practical ment. It is determining how many choices there are

definition of quality as it pertains to ward teaching: and weighing each possibility before making a decision.

( 1 ) "Quality is never an accident."It is not the result (6) "The cumulative experience of many masters."

of a secret formula. It is not something that magically This type of quality rules out speculative decisions

transforms a faltering program into a good one. It is and policies in favor of practical experience. It favors

the recognition that success is composed of four small direct personal knowledge based on observation and letters that spell WORK and that it is available in practice with results that are proved. With this

unlimited quantities. method of operation a decision is not the product

(2) "It is always the result of high intention."This of one mind but the thinking and wisdom of

phase of quality emphasizes need of forethought. It many minds.

represents careful planning. It encompasses the deter- (7) "Marks the search for an ideal after necessity

mination to achieve successfully what one sets out has been satisfied and mere usefulness achieved."This

to do. is the phase of quality that never becomes selfsatis-

(3) "Sincere effort."This phase of quality is a fied. It constantly looks for new and better methods

combination of continuous mental and physical effort of doing things. After reaching one objective a camto reach a higher standard of teaching. When sincere paign is promptly launched to reach a higher goal. It

effort is exerted the job is never half done. "Sincere is the image of progress, and it symbolizes perfection.

FEBRUARY 1963 119 i HeartWarmin\

,,,t the word fa.l f, person to *<=;,,deran dozen. a - tite and -T'-- 1 and d husband a t tat it reaUy"t 'ToeTrfe

"P"'',escomlJeteV- fu\ family'child. houses.<="';. adopted Sone

Pt'rt the '",d heartwarmmg H"t 1.s.theUr en <,ut.. "earing The U.th 'hey P:2 deed filled famihes;,,e J spotaW'"..n are ""\ "> eonres people

'love to for, luiug."do TOTo T>-;SedIS """'', 1 deed it ""*"f-a dozen. by b. o-. cWdesy 0,. o* - hold self to tinderly

to give e"fP'""-Ll and loving ""'ied children nro*er - s..,,rig home. All tmf"t

"'must *-"bibies *! amny '';:;one Tutand,eal''-tHo-- iale teenagers, t >s and Pl s group this ii lea elevo to, good It's v;g.

a hus- 'he about fe-"\'\i':g =>"* of V th.ng T".BcmbImb at nicest. each in part an sard, ".,tenrporary, once ife a le s that an, is inrberness, band a 'f. m-t, n-nes. p.,.,,, the of one rrula,. st aren,.6,, they,,,bat

the awareness m c"...j, aU

.,,e precious anc valentine s

FcV.,gbt about g*"- thinVingI > c nne thetne good was,, it. e r auess - thou to '-* '"Sftlftlaveled d'>'a rs.onld warmj pry the 1 about

beartwa.mmg caring. and AV J Try Pe*-'!'onth;,bout it.

gups order. a warm nnfe,,5 be in

'"'"'\ *ngsthrng to follow, for good rv "WBfe

Deluxe Corn Soup;3 dices bacon

'"P onion creamstyle \ corn"1 cTn'-"cream''iPf of mushroom 7'''''''''y Ac bacon? n2soup "to e,7'fk inch\ "'onions ''c nnti] voff j t

"Ae bacon dn n "Jov remaining K. - i7-"'-- dcl the

e soup with the t,?''?-'''Good sered,v? *"'t-'i-

're or skat"'">-

Onion Cream Soup

4 tablespoons butter 5 medium sized onions, tbmly sbced 2 tablespoons flour IV2 quarts of wbole milk Vs teaspoon pepper V2 teaspoon sugar dash of celery salt salt to taste Melt the butter and saute the onions in it imtil they are amber colored. Blend in the flour and

add the milk stirring until tliicKened. Simmer for 15 minutes. Add

seasonings. Serve hot sprinkled

parsley. finely chopped with

save time. It soups Condensed

takes only four minutes from the tiie can from a you choose moment the first raise till you pantry shelf spoonful of hot soup to your lips-.STj iust heat and eat. Statistics will

tell us that last year more than '''''Ser Soup 1 621,800,000 servings of condensed

United in the consumed were 3 qnS-f?>'beans./ soup the for few reasons States. A

popularity of canned soup is that it tastes good, it's good for you, #1 and it's fast to fix.

r

-okt.dt. "'"'to<,s "', f>- half '">">

'of bom J'Cive TV.nntii

an electronic TurkeyTalk Soup 2V4% cupscup gratedboilingcheesewater organ should 1 cansoupof condensed cream of celery Cook the ground beef, rice, and 1 can of condensed turkey noodle chopped onion in the fat until sound like an organ IV2 canssoupwater lightlydrippings.browned.Season, Stir.add thePourslicedoff

olives, tomato juice, and boiling the Blend together soups and graduwater. in large casserole Put and

ally the water. add Heat, but do cover lightly in a bake and 300

boil. not surprisingly Garnish with. but shredded F. for degree hour. oven one Unserve toast. crisp and seldom carrot with some sprinkle cover, cheese, with and

do! Traditional continue baking about 10 minutes.

organ tone was Hearty Pea Soup traditionally thinly expensive to achieve, sliced 2 frankfurters FOR JONATHAN offers today Allen but 1 tablespoon bacon fat BY ELEANOR ALLETTA CHAFFEE worshipful, reverent organ 1 can green pea soup tone quality for every 1 can bean with bacon soup requirement, in every price 2 soup cans milk I know that in your pocket, in your range. See, hear and compare 1 soup can water fist

Allen organs yourself. salt to season There is a small, sharp stone, and

Visit our studio soon. what it's for

Blend the soups, add the milk and I also know. The brown bird that you missed the water stirring constantly until

smooth. Heat. Brown the frankQuicklywoi'e. forgets the savagery you

slices furter fat in the float and the But the stone? what it to of Give slices of the on top soup when me: forget

serving.... exclusively others their brittle The and boastful,

SUMMERHAYS MUSIC pride.

tasty loaf is just the meat thing A South State 3719 is a There landscape where the sun to serve night. this a ccld on Try - Salt City, Lake Utah set may

for different a flavor. one And never rise again, for those who

Pot Luck Meat Loaf Whirlwindsride of violence to the arid place 2 pounds beef ground To is Compliment tenderness Where forgotten, and V2 bologna, ground pound

Your Temple each one iy2 cups cracker crumbs Marriage like Wears a stern, a mask unhappy 1 tablespoon grated onion face Repfica of actual 2 eggs, slightly beaten is relief Temple 1 cup chili embossed on sauce Give up the stone lest it become a the 1 salt teaspoon reception folder. part

Vb teaspoon pepper that hard core erf hate that kills Of thin slices 3 American cheese heart. the 1 00 only

paprika $8.95 - Combine the ground beef, bologna, Thermographed

Raised Lettering cracker crumbs, onion, eggs, chili The National Livestock and Meat sauce, salt, and pepper. Blend well. Board brings us a tasty pork and

Other styles as low as $5.95. 100 for Also Pack in a loaf pan. Place slices of dressing dish.

Temple Marriage Albums. Write catalog for FREE

and invitation samples (state temple desired.) cheese on meat loaf. Sprinkle with

Rexburg, REXCRAFTpaprika. Bake in a 300 degree F. Pork Chops with Dressing Balls Idaho oven for IV2 hours.

(Catalog sent airmail for 250) 6 rib pork chops, cut 1 inch thick

Beef Casserole (serves 6 generously) 2 tablespoons lard or drippings aAf>j:<iiijrf.iihi ii IV2 pounds ground beef IV2Vs teaspoonteaspoons peppersalt

Wanted! IV2 experience cups rice No tmlmmsmmHousewives

limits! necessary, no an hour age 2 small kitchen! in time, onions, chopped Brown the chops in the lard or spare easy your |5.00own

and growing Tremendous demand for 3 tablespoons fat drippings. Season and place in lovely, 'Decorations original and Cake

luscious for Professional Candy Xmas, IVz teaspoons salt baking dish. Arrange dressing balls

all Parties, holidays Easter, Weddings,

Vs occasions. thousands and We've shown teaspoon pepper chops. tightly around Cover and

to into turn the kitchen how goldmine. IV2 teaspoons in paprika bake F. for a 350 degree small, oven capital big! grow Start own business No

required, for no age limit! Write FREE Facts 1 small bottle stuffed olives sliced 30 minutes. Remove cover and coninstruction in yournow on complete own home!

3 cups tomato juice tinue baking 15 minutes. 6 servings.Candy & Cake, Dept. D-629, Fallbrook, Calif.

/T*fJpfiCf'magaJinc3 montli tors subscriptionCahc Decoratorsto "FunandVCandymalicrs.Profit Hobbies",Sendcountry'sfor It today!only

Con. Address: Dept. D-629, P.O. Box 1111, Montreal

122 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Dressing Balls

1 cup chopped celery 1 tablespoon minced onion 1 tablespoon minced parsley 1 tablespoon butter or margarine 2V2 cups bread crumbs Vs teaspoon marjoram % teaspoon celery seed 1 teaspoon salt Vs teaspoon pepper water or stock Cook celery, onion, and parsley in butter until lightly browned. Add

bread crumbs, marjoram, celery seed, salt, pepper, and enough water or stock to moisten. Shape into iy2

inch balls.

Sweet and Sour Green Beans

1 can Blue Lake string beans 4 slices of bacon cooked and crumbled 3 tablespoons sweet pickle juice

Heat the string beans in their own liquid until hot. Pour off liquid, add

the pickle juice, and heat. Serve

topped with the crumbled bacon.

Delicious with the pork chops and FROM (arnation dressing balls. THE NEW TASTE IN HOT CEREAL!

It is amazing the hundreds of different ways a pound of ground beef Newchoice Western wheat flavor this recipes In mostcan be served.

will stretch to serve fromamount 4 Newrolled wholegrain texture to 5 people and leave everyone happy. The following dish served Here at last is the delicious hot cereal to sharpen

with a big green salad and ginger appetites that have tired of the same bland breakbread topped with whipped cream fast food, day after day! Carnation brings good tiation

sweetened with honey for dessert eating back to the breakfast table -with this new will be welcomed by the whole Instant Wheat that has the deeper, richer flavor the golden grain whole rolled the tiny! Andfamily. of!!!?TANT flakes their keep right texture the through quick

Beef Country Style cookingness! 100%-for awholecerealwheat,with realof wholegraincourse. And goodit's

% cup onions chopped theinstantredand-whitecooks in package3 minutes.of CarnationNext time,Instantselect

2 tablespoons salad oil Wheat -for the delicious new taste in hot cereal 1 pound of ground beef 1 cup chili sauce 1 4?'2V2 can tomatoes

2 tablespoons dash of pepper chopped parsley Moving to Salt Lake? jj,

salt to taste Vs basil teaspoon NEW Alben Apartments 1-12 whole kernel corn ounce can clove of garlic, crushed if desired RENTING FEBRUARY 1st

Saute the onions and the beef in the # 1 and 2 Bedroom Units, Range, Refrig.,

salad oil until brown, add the chili Carpeting and Drapes sauce, parsley, tomatoes, corn, and seasonings. Simmer for 30 minutes. # Coffee Shop, Lounge, Swimming Pool,

Serve shortcake style with hot split Putting Green, Hobby Shop biscuits. A raw vegetable tray is a Convenient Location—Close to Bus Service

nice addition to this dish.

CATERING TO PEOPLE 60 YEARS OR OVER 1810 South Main St. Call 486881 1 - EM 4-7441

FEBRUARY 1963 123 THE DIRECT SHOPPER C TV")'#1 k '.

k"'X- STOP EYEGLASSES FROM SLIPPING. No need DINING OUT

to push up eversliding glasses. EARLOKS keep glasses snugfitting. Soft, elastic tab* CAN BE FAMILY FUN

of plastic stretch the pieces over of ear ends ineffective confuse with adBY L. J. GOODYEAR not frames. Do

hesive pads. Only genuine patented EARLOKS

sliding. to stop glasses guarantee from InRecently at one of our neighborIf children are not given this

visible. 1 pairs $1.00 Comfortable. 59c a pair.

by return mail postpaid. No C.O.D.'s. DORSAY hood "morning gettogethers,"I hapchance to mingle with people in

PRODUCTS, Dept. M, 200 W. 57th St., New pened to mention to the other public dining places, taught how to

York 19, N. Y. women present that my husband order foods, how to conduct themand I made it practice to dine out selves, the day will come when their

with our two youngsters quite often own personal social life will suffer.

... and that we all enjoyed doing so. Where else are they going to learn

Well, this was as if I had dropped these important factors of living with a bomb amidst them. They all people? Mere explanation at home,

turned to me with wondering looks or by reading about it in etiquette that could very well be interpreted books is certainly not the real anto mean, "You should have your swer... or the best. Experience is

head examined."The general restill the best teacher!

sponse to my statement was most I'm not trying to say that the first enlightening... and maddening. few times we took our children out

One of the women spoke up, "You to eat that we did not have some mean to tell us that you consider trying experiences. Like the time THE "LEHI, TREE OF LIFE STONE"- A beautiful conversation piece for home and office. dining out with your youngsters our Tim decided that the olives on

This replica is scale handcarved 1/10 of the fun? And that you do it often? the next table looked more appetizancient Izapa, of Northern stone monument

Central piece. that is display America, a perfect I ing than those on our table, and

in interest of And that you enjoy it? Fred and Immediately arouses the Book

Mormon with 8 page booklet explanation of took the children out to dinner once promptly helped himself to some.

Professor Stone M. Wells Jakeman, by Dr. of or twice... and believe me... that Or the time his brother got tempera- 7-1/2"Archeology, B.Y.U. x 9-5/16"Handsome

size only for California, 40c (add postage $5 to last us a both was enough lifemental a dish he I ordered when for Eastern Western $1.00 75c

. time!.. they disliked. that were no picnic these scenes It was tax). (California EL It was add CHAR-U.S.) forMONTE 4%U.S.,

ITABLE ENTERPRISES, P.O. Box 3844-E, South absolute monsters. I was so emprompted me to give the matter El 12, California. Monte

barrassed!"some serious thought.

I maintain that if parents tried to Since then, I have found that with take a child's point of view on the proper forethought and considerasubject... dining out with children tion, dining out with the youngsters

could, and would be a source of can become a form of enjoyable pleasure for the entire family. relaxation, an occasion we look forOne of the main reasons my husward to with pleasure, and a wonband and I do take our children out derful means of developing a deeper

to dinner occasionally (other than sense of "family togetherness."

having fun with the children) is to In many homes the woman is provide them with the opportunity denied an occasional dinner out beof learning and developing social cause of the lack of a baby sitter or grace and poise while mingling with by a sitter that charges a great deal.

amazing - FAST EVERBLOOMING GROWING children I that the since along strangers. on such must say By taking we

foot for 12c a at little as Rose Red Hedge—outings, the their a can out, still have mother taking have been them Rose the sensational Hedge see Robin Red—

that's sweeping the country—Red Robin's lush table manners at home have imenjoyment of the evening, plus a

green foliage is covered with a riot of richly proved noticeably. reprieve from meal planning and

scented red roses month after month—grows

upright to 6 feet—thrives even in poor soils

- available only from GINDEN NURSERY, San

Bruno, California.

124 THE fMPROVEMENT ERA

preparation... and the dishes.

She can.., that is... if she and

her family take the proper attitude towards the entire matter of dining out.

It is best to time the visit to a dining place either before or after the rush hour. Standing in a line,

waiting to be seated can be a terrible headache for all concerned. If you

get impatient to be seated... think

what this is to the youngsters.

Give thought to the type of restaurant you select. One that is on

the plushy, more formal side should be saved for twosome dining. Select

one that is a simple, attractive, welllighted, family type restaurant. Here

the child's possible misdemeanors will be more readily overlooked and understood by management and patrons.

As one restaurant owner explained, "We look forward to having famiUes come in here. We try to consider

the needs of the Httle ones. I make

it a practice to hire, whenever possible, help that have youngsters of their own as they have a greater understanding of family dining. They

are also friendlier with the children, able to put them at ease."

Many restaurants of this type supply special chairs or seatlifts for the comfort of the young, as well as high chairs for the very wee ones. r THE CENTER OF

Some places further cater to the 'CONVENIENCE }i'youngsters by featuring colorful and,kM.*h NEW AMERICA

tasty "Young Fry"menus, and serve UHei/4 MOTEL

ROOMSfood in children's portions. It has 320 tAUtrSAlON BEAUTIFULMAIN AI FfFIH. lARaEDSNOPSOUIHnow become a practice in many

family eating places to provide the youngsters with crayons and coloring material to keep them occupied while the meal is ordered, prepared, and served. (I find it a good idea

to carry such supplies in the glove compartment of the car for use on occasions where this service is not given.

When ordering the meal, order the youngsters'meal first. They are apt

slowlyto and will eat more usually IN USE for SEVENTYFIVE YEARS DRINKfinish at dessert. along with you

Help your child select his meal by Aids in treatment of Canker, simple giving two or three suggestions from sore throat and other minor mouththe menu. To read the entire menu and throat irritations. flcqo A delightful

tends to confuse them... but, above hot beverage for those

choice. childall, let the drink coffee. don't make his who own HALL'S REMEDY

little will practice child a ourWith Salt Lake GROCERS City. Utah AT YOUR

soon master the ability for making i >-4n-<>()(>'iO'o-<>- his own decisions in a mature manner. Whenever possible, introduce Keep your Eras by binding them in Improvement

them to new dishes. (This suggesEra binders. Available now for only $2.00.

is for children.) the oldertion In WRITERS all subjects, N. Y. publisher on booKs wants check Send your or money order to

for fiction, nonfiction. professional fee Nothis create an inpeople young way your that opinion. FREE: Brochures show how ERA IMPROVEMENT THE publicizeii, sold; tips book be published, can

reprints article and on writing, publishing, 135 So. State Salt Lake City 11, Utah contracts. Dept. Write EM-2

fXPOSfnON 386 PARK AVE. S., N. Y. 16

FEBRUARY 1963 12S terest in food. My children have or commit a faux pas, a gentle rethe young to follow. Keep in mind

sometimes ordered a dish while minder will usually suffice. that the success of your children's

dining out that they profess a dislike Before, during, and after the meal behavior while dining out depends for at home, consequently learning to make it a strict rule that the child, a great deal on how you handle enjoy it from"thereon. or children, remain seated at-- the yourself.

During the course of the meal, table. Do not allow them to run about Almost every child considers dinrefrain from engaging in entirely under any circumstances. Not only ing out as a wonderfilled ADVENadult conversation. Draw the chilis this a point of common courtesy, TURE! Dining out with your

dren into the table talk, thereby givbut an important safety factor as children can and will be an enjoyable ing them a feeling of being an well. A collision with a waiter or adventure for the entire family,

important part of the occasion. I've waitress carrying a tray of hot liquids, instead of the hairraising, nerveobserved parents spend an entire or heavy dishes, could cause a most wracking disappointment some peomeal completely involved in their serious mishap... dangerous to your ple claim it is... if you will keep

own talk, oblivious to their children child, or to another person. these few points in mind. Use

except to scold them for something. A child dining out for the first patience, set a good example, select

Light family conversation will actutime, or in a strange restaurant, will the proper restaurant, and use an ally put the children at ease. naturally bombard you with many understanding judgment. Refrain

If one takes the time to give questions. Take the time to explain from dining out with youngsters

children simple instructions at home patiently the many strange and new when they are overly excited or tired.

regarding table manners, it will not things to him. Be patient with them when they do

be necessary to chide them in public It is not necessary to go into the make a few mistakes. Be a good

about proper usage of silver, hanfiner points of table manners, as model, show them the proper mandling of glassware, posture, or other these are things a child should be ners... by using them yourself.

points of common table etiquette. learning in the home in any case. I Let it be a source of family fun.

Too much parental scolding and redo find it most gratifying to observe By all means... take your chilminders in the restaurant generally my youngsters remembering to say dren out to dine with you!

gives the child a feeling of inferiority, "please"and "thank you"as things Remember... a child can only

to say nothing of the embarrassment. are passed or given to them. Here, learn if given the opportunity to do

If the child does speak too loudly, too, the adults are the models for so!

The Same Mistake Twice I could earn money by using the Father came into the kitchen and bicycle—"He stopped and looked at stood watching him for a moment.

{Continued from page 87) Father, who was rocking slowly and "I understand you were out to the listening without expression. church farm today building fence."

job going to last?""Jeff, it doesn't work that way. "Yes."

"Oh,"said Jeff, "just for five weeks. What if you didn't get around to "How many hours were you out

Then Bob Engles comes home from making that six dollars next summer? there?"

college for the summer, and he'll That would be six dollars stolen "About six hours,"said Jeff.

take over."from the Lord. Would you steal "Do you feel bad about doing

"I see, and are you still planning money from Mr. Engles when he that?"

on buying the bicycle?"was gone?""No,"said Jeff, "it was almost

"Yes. I figure that if I save all "Of course not!"said Jeff. fun."

my pay, I'll have sixty dollars when "Well, I guess that answers that.""But you do feel bad about the

the job ends—just enough."Jeff stood there a moment, and tithe?"

Father rocked back in his chair tears came into his eyes. "These "Well, I just wanted the bicycle

and looked at him. "It seems,"he cuts hurt,"he said softly, rubbing so bad."

said slowly, "you're planning on his hand. "I think I'll go put some Father picked up mother's kitchen

being pretty free with six dollars salve on them."He turned and went pencil and slowly carved a new point

of some one else's money."into the kitchen. on it with his knife.

"What do you mean?"asked Jeff. He was crying to himself as he "The second time you left the gate

"Ten percent of sixty dollars is put the salve on the little cuts. open you said you wouldn't make

six dollars. You know that much Father was right, of course; he just that mistake again."

belongs to the Lord."hadn't thought of it in that way. "I haven't."

"I thought of that,"said Jeff. "I But still—why should he have to pay "You haven't left the gate open

thought I'd go ahead and buy the so much of his money when he didn't lately, but what was it that caused bicycle, and then next summer I get a chance to earn much? And you to make that mistake?"

could earn some money somewhere when he had just enough to buy that "Thinking about the bicycle, I and pay tithing on all of it. Maybe wonderful bike? guess."

126 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Church Library "Well, it looks like you are doing A GREAT it again."For Your Home or Ward "What do you mean?"asked Jeff.

"You're still thinking about the can be developed by binding regularly your copies of The can'tbicycle think you so much Improvement Era. They can be conveniently and inexpenelse.about anything Look, did how

you get the twelve dollars?"sively "bound"as you receive them, in an Improvement

"By working."Era binder.

"And what did you do today?"

"I worked,"said Jeff.

"Yet you feel good about working Beautifully and strongly constructed one time and bad about working another?"v/ith handsome heavy red fabricoid

waiting his Without for an answer cover. Stamped in gold and largefather its in put the pencil sharpened

place and went back into the living enough to hold 12 issues, plus an room.

Jeff felt something go through index.

him. bills took the green out He of ONLY $2.50

their envelope at looked and them again. They were the same, but and a 1962 index is included FREE.

they looked different.

Before they had been pieces of papei'telhng him he could buy Such a binder is a MUST for every Ward library, and most something. Now they were telling desirable for every home. Order now from

him he had worked—yet he still had

the opportunity to turn some of that The Improvement time spent in filling feed sacks into service to the Lord.

of those rare one It was moments 135 South State Salt Lake City 11, Utah if as he feltwhen discovered he had something of great importance.

He put the money back into the envelope and put it into his pocket. 11 n

Thinking of money as a payment fortime spent made it easy to give the BURNED OUT

Lord what was his. Thinking of REALLY MEANS BURNED OUT TODAY

money as things he could buy for himself made it hard. It was funny, A fire may mean you are out of a place to live,

since it was the same money. with tremendous added expense before you find

He shook his head in wonder. It another.

was the difference between a warm feeling in his heart or a cold grudge. Let us explain your need for ample insurance

It was as simple as that! to cover todays higher values.

Smiling, he went in to his father.

"Papa?"FIRE UTAH INSURANCE COMPANY HOME

Jeff?"Jes, Lake City General Agents, SaU HEBER J. GRANT & CO., "You were saying the other day

that someone was going to have to go over the fences on the place and allreplace ATTENTiOK SCANDINAVIANS! Order This the rotted posts. I'll do ADPING MACHINE 8 dollars."it for ten

"That is a pretty big job. It would ADD+ SUBTR.- MULT.X DIV.- ABLESKIVER PAN

quicKly, operations all 4 Does Aluminum of Durable Mouldedprobably most of two take you to Made subtracts or accurately. Adds &

delightful Danish.. oldfashioned Bakes to Carry use. billion! Easy onethree Saturdays. can Think you

Leatherette in purse! delior pocket and pastry. They're different

it?"do in America! case. Quality made love cious. Kids 2jt Agents guarantee. back Money think so.""I Recipe them. Wgk for 2 $3.69. $1.98; wanted.

"Good! It's a deal!"(Add 4% Tax in Pennsylvania) included.

Father stood up, and they shook TOM THUMB lSi?.h''''ONLY

hands. BETHAYRES. PENNSYLVANIA

Jeff looked at the clock. Sell GREETING CARDS & GIFTS *375

"I think,"he said, "I have just Jewolry Stationery Wrappings Toys enough time to fill out the order for Make Extra Money In Spare Time that bicycle before bedtime."Nohousewives,experiencestudents,needed.sliutins,Organizations,others can FOR MAIL ORDERS ADD 50c POSTAGE

profits plus bonus. Just big make 100%

sell value itemsto top., on show

UP salable today approvsight. on thatSamples Write "v >1.00 HARDWARE PEHRSON for for or return. 30 then pay fordays—al. Try Fre

Offer, Sales Plan, Details. Free Gift S. 11th East, Salt Lake City, Utah 2115

Dept. Broadwoy, ER-5, 3i1 Ntw N.Y. York 13, HEOENKAMP,Catalog,

FEBRUARY 1963 127

church Moves On tory, with Eastern Arizona Stake. In and the Prophet's contributions and

1887 that stake was divided into two life were extolled today at many ( Continued from page 72 stakes, the original name being church services.

dropped, the new stakes being St.

Italian correspondence and literature. Johns and Snowflake, with SnowThe First Presidency announced

flake getting some additional wards LI the appointment of Elder Mark

Raleigh (North Carolina) Stake from Little Colorado Stake. The E. Petersen of the Council of the

was organized from parts of the stakes with directional names began Twelve as president of the West

Central Atlantic States Mission with anew with North and South Sanpete European Mission, succeeding PresiElder William T. Bartholomew susin December 1900. At the end of dent Nathan E. Tanner who is also

tained as president and Elders 1962 there were stakes beginning a member of the Council of the

Francis M. Henderson and Kenneth with every letter of the alphabet exTwelve. Elder Tanner has been

L. Duke as his counselors. This stake cept two, Q and X. It will probably presiding there for two years. The

consists of three wards and eight be a long time before a stake is orWest European Mission includes branches. This is the 363rd stake ganized with a name beginning with eleven mission units. President

functioning now in the Church. It the letter X, but every stake should Petersen has been a member of the

was organized under the direction of be a quality stake, rather than Council of the Twelve since April

Elder Howard W. Hunter of the merely a quantity stake. 1944. Previous to that he served as

Council of the Twelve and Elder Mrs. Belle S. Spafford, general a counselor in the Sugar House Stake

Franklin D. Richards, Assistant to president of the Relief Society, and presidency, counselor in the Liberty

the Twelve. Elder Jedediah M. two ward Relief Society presidents Stake presidency, and on the high

Grant, later a member of the First were the speakers on the "Faith in council of Highland and Liberty

Presidency, first introduced the gosAction"radio program of the Na stakes. He filled a mission in Canpel message to North Carohna in tional Broadcasting Company. The ada, beginning in 1920. With him to

1838. network program also featured the this latest assignment will go his

Scottsdale (Arizona) Stake was orSinging Mothers. wife Emma Marr McDonald Peterganized from parts of East Phoenix sen. The couple have two grown

Stake with Elder Junius E. Driggs, ni A special communityplanned daughters.

who had been president of East testimonial banquet of more

Phoenix Stake, sustained as its presitharl 450 executives, honoring PresiThe First Presidency announced dent. His counselors in the Scottsdent David O. McKay, was given the appointment of Elder Patdale Stake are Elders Eugene this evening at Hotel Utah. rick D. Dalton, Jr., as president of

Romney, Jr., and Maurice R. Tanner. the Tongan Mission, succeeding

This is the 364th stake in the The 480voice Combined RePresident M. Vernon Coombs. PresiChurch. It was organized under the ** lief Society Singing Mothers dent Dalton is a former missionary

direction of Elder LeGrand Richards Choruses from southern and eastern in Tonga, having served there 1953of the Council of the Twelve and Idaho were featured on the "Faith in 55. At the time of this appointment

Elder Alvin R. Dyer, Assistant to the Action"radio program of the Nahe was serving as LDS servicemen's

Twelve. tional Broadcasting Company. The coordinator for the Korean Mission.

Elder Glenn A. Jones succeeds program was recorded during the He was employed by the United NaPresident Junius E. Driggs of East Relief Society general conference tions, working on the conversion of

Phoenix Stake with Elders E. Keith last October. Korean Uplands to agronomic uses.

Stott and F. Milo Gardner as counHe is a former president of seventy

selors. Both President Jones and Four foreign language singing in Oahu (Hawaii) Stake. With him

Elder Stott served as counselors to I groups sang appropriate music to this field of labor will go his

President Driggs. for the season on the "Faith in wife Lela and their two daughters.

This was the last week end of Action"radio program of the NaThe Tongan Mission was originally 1962 in which stake conferences tional Broadcasting Company. They opened in 1891 as part of the Samoan

were scheduled. During the year were the Dutch LDS Choir, the Mission.

the Church was increased in strength Swiss Chorus Edelweiss, the Scandia by the organization of nineteen new Male Chorus, and the choir of the stakes. According to the Church Germanspeaking LDS Organization.

Directory for 1962, published at President David O. McKay has Mormonism is an authoritative relimidyear, listing 352 stakes, more recorded Christmas messages which gion, yet at the same time the most

stakes had names beginning with the will be broadcast at times by thoroughly democratic Church on letter S than any other letter of the WRUL, the shortwave radio station earth—a combination that is well

alphabet. There were 57 S stakes—at Boston. One brief message was worthy of serious thought. It emphathat letter receiving a boost because to members of the Church throughsizes the universal bonds of human

so many stakes have Saint, San, or out the world, the other was to brotherhood. It seeks by training the

Santa as part of their names. Other American men and women in the individual conscience and will to

stakes begin with the word South. armed forces in Europe. establish a closely knit, worldwide

Using a directional word as part of This was the 157th anniversary of fraternity. It glorifies humanity....

a stake name began in 1879, accordthe Prophet Joseph Smith. AppropriIt is a spiritual force emanating

ing to President Joseph Fielding ate services were held at the Church from God himself.

Smith in Essentials in Church HisAdministration Building last Friday,—President David O. McKay

128 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA I Mm'x

Marion D. Hanks, Editor;

Elaine Cannon, Associate Editor

February 1963The Era of Youth

w n

i \ Your world is international

Now the influences in your life go beyond the classroom or the walls of your family home. Communication,

transportation, the rapid growth of the Church have opened the gates.

What does it mean to you?

These two teens are Brent Pack, Corona Del Mar, California and Susan Bleyl, Citrus Heights, California.

Your thatYou'vegeographicalseen them namesfor yourselfare real.on way?"You youfind askyourselfyourself.)comparing,

"World"is ascreen,trip, inon aa fulldimensionalcolor magazinemovie evaluatingblessings..It's.. theninterestingcountingto yournote

report, on slides taken by a miswhat others are like, how you are sionary, on post cards sent by a similar and how you are differInternational penpal, on pictures brought by ent. It's good to know what they

by Elaine Cannon an exchange student. have and what they haven't. It

You've visited and been visited, makes you glad you are you, reapmingled and mixed with friends ing these benefits of the broader

Your "world"is international. from afar. You've learned that living where world—glad you are

That's really the big difference there are good and wonderful peoyou are living but knowing what between your environment today ple everywhere. Tolerance comes you know; being a copycat about

and that of other generations of more easily to you. Peace seems some things but holding firm

teens before you. So broad are a possibility. ("What are those on others.

the boundaries of your "world"older people fighting about, anyWith your growing understandTeens on this page: Horst Greiner,

Stuttgart, Germany; Werner Fingerle,

Esslingen, Neckar, Germany; Leo Demuth, Flora Tappendorf, and Eva

Maria Juhn, Hamburg, Germany; Hans

Werner Sievers, Gluckstadt, Germany;

Jcop Scholte, Baarn, Holland; Ward

Nijenhuis, The Hague, Holland; Robert

Lybbert, Church Building Mission, Holland; Barbara Mason, Del Paso Heights,

California.

all in interest worldwide news world, over theing of others beWhat there""over happens practhe love cause what becomesbrotherly tice not merely a precept. affects your "world."Does It

is link that the gospel The flow back and dancingMusic and gives Mean?

. the on others teens edge to.. folkforth are dances done LDS

a USA beat EVERYWHERE. when it comes to living in an Life is a bigger adventure today.

Fashion reflects native dress and international environment. The More is expected of your generais mixmatched EVERYWHERE Church is the tie that binds tion.

... western jeans with wooden wherever you meet another LDS. Be ready! Be ready to serve, to

shoes, dirndl skirts with Shetland Go to MIA or SAM or OOV or travel, to proselyte, to be a proper of YOUR people.sweaters, Scotch plaids and US GFA—the words are different, example

Keds, English tweeds and jaeger but they mean the same whereLearn a language other than your jackets. You favor "foreign"ever you are. There you'll hear own.

food and are quick to pick up anthe same lessons, stage the same Be alert to the good in other other's colorful phrase to use as production, sing the same hymns, cultures.

your own. You take a keener strive for the same goals. Be proud of your own heritage.

Utah Teens amonthsmission.has changedThe pastthat. thirteen belearneddoinga lotfromaboutthenwhatonweforwouldthe

The Church Building Commitnext couple of months—eatin tee exists to supervise the further ing, walking, carrying groceries,

on the earth, while the looking.Germany physicalChurch establishment of the sleeping, reading, writing, and

missions of the Church exist to For the first time in our lives by Jay, Mary Anne and Larry Jensen increase the spiritual establishwe actually lived with our family.

ment of the gospel. We didn't go separate ways and

Going with our parents, Marcus After the jet landed in Frankcome home only to eat and sleep.

and Jean Jensen, and our brothers furt our new and different life We started to talk to each other and sisters on a building mission began. Germany was fun and and find out about ourselves.

to Germany has been a new expeexciting. We would walk the Many times these conversations

rience in our family life. Before streets of Frankfurt all day just ended in quarrels, but we started

Dad and Mother accepted the call, looking. We had a good introto draw together as a real famwe sat around, talked it over, and duction to German food because

agreed to go. We kids talked for the first few months we were

about what fun it would be to go plenty hungry. The first German

to Europe. We didn't know it sentence that we learned was "Ichthen but two and onehalf years is habe Hunger"—"I am hungry."

a long time. The traffic was wild. Dad got

A building mission is certainly hit by a truck, and we found oursomething about which not very selves staying in a fifth floor Jay, Mary Anne, Larry Jensen.

much is commonly known. Beapartment until his rib healed

fore my family came on one, I enough that he could be assigned knew relatively little about such somewhere. During that time we

...jdMcjjtK

ily unit. us. We feel a part of the pulsatProbably our biggest shock was ing life carried on inside the wall

being sent to Berlin. Like any so shamefully erected a little

teens we had glanced at the headmore than a year ago. However,

lines of the newspapers and knew in spite of the wall, the separathat something was happening in tion, and the communist threat,

Berlin, although we weren't quite life goes on as normal, only much sure what. After seeing the sadder for those separated from

'Wall"that divides the city, the family and friends. The couarmed soldiers and tanks, we rageous and persevering spirit of

started to read what was under the people is found even more so the headlines. World affairs among the Latterday Saints of

meant a lot more. Berlin whose testimonies of the

Living in the city of Berlin for y\ gospel indeed outshine many who a year has endeared this city to are in better circumstances. The

Teens on this page: Evangelina Roya, Mexico;

Richard Chiu, China; Marilee Walton, Salt Lake

City, Utah; Martha Van der Lende, Holland;

Mira Dragic, Yugoslavia; Margarita Nikamo,

Finland; Horst Dieter Sperling and Renate Fepp,

Hamburg, Germany.

lives of the Saints here are noton thirteen months later, but their low scholastic achievements.

ably more peaceful and more we're pretty sure we'll make They are nice kids when you get meaningful than those of the it now. to know them but their lives, mormany who do not have the comAt first we thought for sure als, and standards are very

fort of the gospel. that we would be in a German different from our friends in Utah.

Language was a big obstacle school but credits for future eduWe think we led a very at first. We started learning by cation were important, so Dad sheltered life in Salt Lake City,

saying the German blessing on entered us in the Berlin American and realize now how sheltered the the food. We were exposed to Army School. Army school, kids, lives of most Utah Mormon

German in church services, and and regulations! What a change families are.

we soon began to pick up a word We found a lot of differences beAs I see it, teenagers have the here and there. For the first few tween Mormon children and these objective of becoming like teenmonths we could understand very children. On the whole these stuagers in America in everything

little, but slowly it came to us. dents are a lot rowdier and care they do, say, and wear. The opWe began to understand! What less about scholastic achievement. portunities are not the same

a thrill it was when we underThey are very friendly and generyou are shut in and must find all stood three or four sentences at ous. They are being constantly your amusement or recreation in

a time. The struggle is still going moved about which accounts for a prescribed area. The opporTeens on this page: Tonie Van't Schip,

Tiny van Straveren, and Ana de Jong,

Holland; Pam McNama, Catherine

Revell, Sophia Peacock, Victoria Fleming, and Arthur Ireland, Manchester,

England; James McConkie, London,

England; Alberto Foglia, Italy; Francois Potter, France.

CD

3*5 'rp* J.

/'C: tunities for education are the ally the smallest, and there are The young can hardly remember same, but the German system of many more women than men. We the war times, and as the older

education is very different and like to stand in a crowd and just people die the memory of war is so is their school year. watch and study the people. The slowly being forgotten.

My impressions of Germany older generation with their big Because we are on a mission are many and varied. It is a mustaches, boots, caps, and long with our family, the Church, of

country that has faced two terblack overcoats and the women course, plays the biggest part in rible wars. The people are a in their black cotton or wool our lives. Our understanding of

mixture of the old and the new. stockings, black coats, and black the Church grows each day; espeThe new generation is trying to kerchiefs on their heads, walk cially on Saturday, when we all

catch up with the world while or ride bicycles or push carts help Dad build the chapel and the older people are content to everywhere. work along with the young Gerstare out of their windows and On the whole Germany has reman building missionaries, the

only go out once a day for their covered remarkably well from members, and some of the prosedaily bread. We have heard the war. All of the towns are lyting missionaries. Being in the

many stories of the horrors of being rebuilt, and the contrast of mission field and watching and war from our German friends. bombed out ruins and bright hearing of the success of the misThe middle generation is naturshiny buildings is everywhere. sionaries is great experience for us.

The freshI feelconsciencesure thatintoGodeveryinstallsnewlya

Testimonies baptizedso that hememberwill notof theneglectChurch,his of dutiesSince myas baptisma LatterdayI haveSaint.conwithin, guiding me in everythingYouth stantly felt a small voice from

I say and do, and I have felt more conscious, as a Mormon, than ever before, of the obligation of being a true Christian.

The keeping of the Word of Wisdom has been a source of great joy to me because one can always derive so much pleasure out of doing the least thing for God. Besides, our Father in

heaven is very generous with his rewards. I also have the knowledge that my body is healthy and

free from any harmful substances and am grateful to the Church for being so wise in such matters.

One is far more able to enjoy parties and dances without the presence of alcohol and cigarets, because no one is capable of degrading himself under the influence of drink, so the fun is good and wholesome.

The Church has opened up winHalina Macinkiewicz, 20, Poland dows of understanding to me. It

is wonderful to see the good in

Long before my baptism, I often other churches instead of regardthought how wonderful it would ing them as blasphemous heretics, be if we all stopped thinking and to love the members and pray about the formalities of our own that they will soon see the light particular religion, whether it is of truth.

Lutheran, Roman Catholic, MethBesides all these countless odist, or Baptist, if we all stopped blessings, the restored gospel has frowning upon other religions, made me so happy that I feel my and realized that we are all folsoul is overbrimming with joy.

lowers of Christ, people who are My life has been rearranged comunited in the effort to imitate his pletely on the path of happiness virtues and follow in his footsteps. since I have become a member of

Living in such an atheistic and the most loving family on earth.

materialistic world such as this, someone possessing the true Teens on this page: Heidi Mossner and

Christian spirit shines out from Ellen Dietrich, Stuttgart, Germany;

among the crowd; in fact, it is AprilDaniel Cassell,Blajan,daughterThe Hague,of USHolland;serviceobvious that he or she is living a man, Stuttgart, Germany.

unique type of life. I realized

that it is for possessing these characteristics that the Latterday Saints are known as a ("peculiar people"or set apart from the world). It was this example of Christian living that

first roused my interest in the Church. t"-*

changed my life. I feel a conto pray about the truthfulness of

tentment within me. their message, two of Christ's

One of the reasons for this teachings in particular struck me wonderful inner peace and hapas being of great importance to piness is due to the fact that I any Christian. They were

have the opportunity to partici- "Let your light so shine before pate in so many church activities. men, that they may see your good

I read once, "If we would save works, and glorify your Father our lives, we must first lose ourwhich is in heaven."(Matt. 5:16.)

selves in some worthy cause.""... seek ye diligently and

What worthier cause is there teach one another words of wisthan to help build the kingdom dom; yea, seek ye out of the best

of heaven on earth, to love and books words of wisdom; seek

serve our fellow men? learning, even by study and also

I am so very grateful to the by faith."(D&C 88:118.)

Lord for guiding me to his reUpon my return to school stored Church, for not only do I (after my baptism), I know it feel happier in myself, I also was my duty to Christ and to the feel the desire to progress spirChurch to first try to be an examitually and intellectually and ple to others outside the Church to be worthy to be called to (I am the only Latterday Saint live with him on the morning in my school) of what a Latterof resurrection. day Saint is and endeavor to be one.

While so doing, several of my friends and even a teacher noticed a change in my actions and behavior from the previous term. My best friend said that I

"seemed sort of different"and I told him that "spiritually"I thought I was, and told of my joining the Mormon Church, the church I considered to be the true church of God upon the earth.

Suddenly he seemed to become very interested, and began to ask questions about the gospel and

Margaret Penelope Stiles, 24,England the Church. It was while trying

to answer his questions that I

When I was a very young child, realized my lack of knowledge. I

I would often run to my mother knew then it was my duty and and say, "Mom, I feel so happy, the duty of all other LDS youth and I don't know why."She all over the world to learn more

would always give me the same and more of God and his teachings answer, "It's because you have and to understand his truths.

been doing good things, my dear."This desire to learn more deeply

As I grew older, these bouts affected my school work, for I of gladness became fewer and knew it was very necessary for fewer and by the time I was sixme to become well versed in all teen years old I was just the things. For the knowledge and

same as any other "mixedexperience we gain on earth, will up teen."rise with us in the resurrection,

It was at this time that I met and we will gain advantage from a young Mormon boy. He told me it in the world to come, for "the

the story of Joseph Smith, and glory of God is intelligence,"in time I gained a testimony of Francois Potter, 15, France Thus, by fulfilling these two this beautiful gospel. teachings in my daily life, I hope

I have been a Mormon for a When the missionaries first introto be really worthy one day, to year now. I have been so duced me to the Church, and bear the name Latterday Saint

blessed, sometimes I could just admonished me to read the scripand be called to serve as a cry for joy. The gospel has tures and other church books, and missionary.

FEBRUARY 1963 137 Climbing mountains and lettingUnique the brisk breeze blow through her

Monique forblackMoniquehair is notJeanea newLenaexperienceHaze.

But it is a new experience to do by Jeanne Gunn it in the Rockies. Monique (she

doesn't use all those other names) who was born in the shadow of the towering French Alps was baptized into the Church last year when she was just fifteen years old. Athletic abilities and interests and a sincere appreciation

for the beauties of all nature, combined with her curiosity and love of learning, make her a wellbalanced teen capable of studying well and having a good time, too.

Monique, who is being sponsored in America by the Richard

L. Gunn family of Provo, is so

cheerful, helpful, and pleasant that she is considered an important part of the family and loved (and often teased) by both children and parents.

Teens on this page: Monique Haze, France; Henk Bongaard,

Amsterdam, Holland; Joop Scholte, Baarn, Holland; Inoso Wilson,

Samoa; Margarita Nikamo, Finland.

After joining the Church, Monilieves that she is learning more Betty Jeanne, Ricky, Tommy, que was sustained as a counselor in high school here than she did BeckyBea, and Candy have welin the SAM (that's French for in the severely disciplined lycee. comed Monique like a new sister

MIA) and shortly thereafter she Her first day in school the princiinto their home. They work, play,

was put in as branch clerk. What pal smiled at Monique and study, and learn new skills to-

a beginning for an eventful year stopped to chat with her in the gether. Doing dishes is more fun

in the life of a young convert hall. This amazed her because if they sing French songs; and

Now Monique is a serious, in France the students are called all housework seems easier when happy student at Provo High into the office of the directrice they share tasks. Family nights

School, and makes interesting only when they have misbehaved at the Gunn home are often spent comparisons between it and the or have other problems. The looking at slides they took on the

French lycee she attended last directrice is looked upon with other side of the ocean, but year. "The biggest differences I awe and fear. Monique's favorite family custom

noticed between my lycee in The wards, chapels, and stakes is that of making popcorn to

France and my high school in are much larger in Utah than are eat with apples in front of

Provo, Utah, are that in Utah the branches she has attended in the fireplace.

most of my friends are in the her native country. She is thrilled Of course, Monique's first

Church, but when I joined the to have so many associates her question when she gets home

Church in France, all of my own age who are members of the from school each afternoon is, friends left me. Also the teachers Church. Imagine the contrast "Did I get any mail today?"She

and the principal are so friendly for Monique after belonging to a misses her family and friends in here. In France they are strict branch with about twentyfive Grenoble, but she is thrilled and

and stern and do not take time active members to now be a memthankful for her opportunities in to smile at their students."She ber of a ward which has a choir America and Utah.

enjoys all her classes, receives with over fifty participants.

good grades, and honestly beThe six Gunn children, Kaye,

Upper left: Family hour painting sessions with the

Richard L. Gunn family of Provo. Utah delights

Monique, especially when she is a model for artist Gunn.

Above: Monique learns how to bake hot rolls the

Ainerican way from Sister Gunn.

At left: The nicest thne of the week for Monique

is letter getting or letter writing for the contact with her beloved homeland.

FEBRUARY 1963 139

Let's try a bit of globe trotting House No. 3It's "Let's through the local neighborhood. If any of the group has ever Line up a whole crew of cooked on foreign soil, now's thehave an hostesses for an expensesplitting time to test her culinary talents

spread that will tempt and International tantalize.... or her mother's. Cuisine and conversation are If not, try one of these—or usually sufficient in themselves, visit the library—or

for economics teacherProgressive consult your an home but if you really want to make it that outstanding dish with main an evening to remember, ask your special dash of M-m-m-m. YouDinner Party"guests (and particularly the know? It just might not be

such a bad idea to enlist Mom'sMonth! ninghostesses)by wearingto sparknativeup costumesthe eveassistance at this point in the

simply supply everyone with—or, menu.by Janet Breeze colored crepe or paper sashes

hats and a name tag telling India Chicken Curry which country they represent. Japanese Sukiyaki

Recordings of native music acGerman Beef Strogonoff companying each particular part of the menu add wonderful atmosphere.

House No. 4

House No. 1 Time now for what everyone's

... dessert! With an interesting variety of been waiting for

enough antipasto (which is an Italian Serve small portions—just

word meaning hors d'oeuvres to top off the meal. Try some

which is a French word meaning delicate French or luscious Danappetizers; which when used by ish pastries, Dutch apple ice

Americans means: I'll eat these cream or your favorite Amerilittle things if you're sure there's can standby.

more to come) the party begins!

When all appetites are teased, move on to the next course—and

drive safely! Teens on tJiis page: Royce Goodier and

Peter Dawson, Manchester, England;

Mike Suzuki, Japan; Leslie Young,

Australia; Alexandrina de Bruijn, The

House No. 2 Hague,Kong, China.Holland;MargareteWilliam Chien,Mclntire,Hong

Small (save that tummy room) Frankfurt,friends. Germany, chats with two

bowls of exotic soups are now presented to the guests for some new taste experiences. You've

heard of these, but how many of them have you tried?

Russian Borsch French Vichyssoise Now on to the main course!

But no speeding, please 0V(9\jgV@VV@\-@V#.(QV(gV<@V<V@V(V-Vv

Terry Jepsen

Visits Ethiopia

''We're going to Ethiopia!"We

were all so excited. At last we

could share our longdormant secret with our friends. "Well, say

hello to Haile Selassie for me,"one of my friends jested. "Okay,

I'll be sure and do that,"I jokingly answered.

My father was assigned to work with a team of technicians from the Bureau of Reclamation who were going to Ethiopia to investigate the water and land resources of the Blue Nile River

Basin.

Our family of eight—my parents, my twin sister, and myself

and four younger brothers—Lee,

twins Keith and Karl, and Michel were all anxious to take another foreign assignment. We had

spent two years in Lebanon and had enjoyed our experiences living in a foreign country. So the

adjustment of leaving our home in Sacramento, California, and meeting the "cultural shock"that one faces in a strange country was not entirely new to us. However,

it took a lot of doing to get a family of our size ready to move to a country like Ethiopia.

Terry Jepsen, Sacramento, California.

When we arrived in Ethiopia, This Christmas we were let into munity and very well liked. Never

we were taken to the Has Hotel the palace grounds and when the once did we knowingly go against where we stayed for seven weeks. Emperor came out we all bowed. things we knew were right, and

There were few houses in Addis We sang carols including "Silent I know it was the Lord's help and

Ababa and a large family like Night"in Amharic. We bowed our faith which made it possible.

ours made matters worse. when we finished, and he wished The Lord has poured out countOur home was a large stone us a Merry Christmas. We were less blessings to us.

building surrounded by tuekels, then invited into the palace, In August 1959, Kerry, my and the round native strawwhich was really beautiful. We twin, and I decided that we would

covered houses constructed of entered in groups of four and go to the US to school.

poles and mud and some tinwalked toward the throne and I love the "Y"and have gained covered shacks crudely put tobowed. His Imperial Majesty much. Since being here my testigether to make a home. Our acknowledged us all. They served mony has grown tremendously,

house was enclosed by a pole us cakes, cookies, and nuts. As and I wouldn't give it up for anyfence and thorny bushes to keep we were all eating and talking, thing. I am grateful to my

the natives out of our backyard. a man came with a message that parents and family for their exIt was necessary to hire a day the Emperor wanted to see my ample and to the Lord for his

and night Sabanya, a guard, to twin brothers, my twin and me many blessings, and I hope I may keep the natives away, as the personally. We were surprised serve and glorify him to the best

rocky, mudcovered street passing and a bit frightened. We were of my ability.

our home was one of the main shown into His Imperial Majesty thoroughfares where people from and the Royal Family. We bowed

the country villages come to town to him, and then we shook hands to market their donkey loads of with him and Her Highness. He

straw, hides, grains, chickens, said he had noticed that we were etc. Although it was always an twins and wanted to talk to us.

interesting and colorful sight, of He then said, "If I give you a contrasts beyond description, to special invitation will you come see the constant parade of village to my Christmas party on our people from our front porch; we Christmas which is January 7?"The Jepsen family in the palace.

always had a feeling of uneasiOf course, we said, we'd love to.

ness, and a certain amount of He said a few more things and fear from being a "minority"and then we bowed and left, remem- a focal point where curious peobering never to turn our backs ple were always watching us; to His Imperial Majesty.

perhaps with envy because we About a week later an armed were living under so much better guard brought us the invitation circumstances than the mass of which was printed in gold.

Ethiopian people. At the Christmas party, as we

One of the captivating sights bowed to His Majesty and Her was the funeral processions; peoHighness, he said our name

ple carried the casket high above Jepsen, and that is quite unusual their heads, mourners chanted we think, because he meets so and sang and beat the air with many people, and he didn't say sticks to drive away the evil any of the other people's names.

spirits. They do not attempt to Mother was also invited to attend,

control feelings and often are and we were showered with courbare to the waist and beat themtesy and received beautiful gifts.

selves and weep aloud. This I am sure will be one of my

It was also interesting to see fondest memories.

the people at work, chanting and Our family had many temptasinging in rhythm as they untions especially with the Word of loaded truck loads of rock and Wisdom. Because of my father's,

chipped them into shapes suitposition we are obligated to atable for building stones. tend several cocktail parties a

For the past several years the week. When we would come in,

Americans have sung Christmas they'd say, "Here come the Jepcarols outside the Emperor's sen's—bring out the tomato

palace for His Imperial Majesty, juice."Even so they had a lot of

Haile Selassie, and the Royal respect for our family, for my

Family. parents were leaders in the com143

suggests, The"GET THE BETTER Last BREAKFAST HABIT. Word

IT'S A GOOD ONE"

Easy to acquire, too. Simply make

Betty Crocker Hot Cereals the morning "main course"at your house.

Wheat Hearts, the creamy, wheat cereal with a flavor of its own. The The hands of those I meet are dumbly eloquent to me. I have met people so empty of

only leading cereal with as much joy that when I clasped their frosty fingeras 20% wheat germ, nature's own tips it seemed as if I were shaking hands with source of Vitamin Bl. a northeast storm. Others there are whose

hands have sunbeams in them.—Helen KellerProtein Plus, rich with the hearty,

twograined goodness of wheat and oats, and packed with more pro- A small girl, age four, visMy small neighbor, Ronnie, tein, ounce for ounce, than meat. ited her grandparents'farm was describing with wonwhere she saw a peacock der the first turtle he had

Hot Toasted 40% Bran, the only for the first time. Running ever seen. "He's a small

hot cereal that gives your family into the house she called, round felloiv that sivallows all the benefits of bran with old- "Grandma, come quick. his head and tucks his feet

time, "country kitchen"flavor. One of your chickens is in in his pockets,"he said. bloom!"—Marcia Bougine—Mrs. Gladys Crabtree

Serve one. Serve them all, for variety. Start soon. Like tomorrow.

Use the coupon (below) to save 80 Nothing in the world, including talent, genius, on the first one you choose. Then and education can take the place of persistence.

stock your shelves around it.

Kathy demanded that her daddy read the story of the three bears every night, not once but several times. Tiring of this, he decided

to put the story on tape and taught

Kathy hoiv to play it back to herself. After a feiv nights she

told him she didn't like the new system. Her reason: "Because I can't

sit on its lap."—Dorothea Kent

You cannot dream yourself into Every action of our lives a character; you must hamtouches some chord that

mer and forge yourself one. ivill vibrate in eternity.

144 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA *'--rf:r, -.rr;;.-jrAi.'.-,..-'ir:p--. rTjfsf'- --;. - *.-;;.. *'yi

deiMAe V7?Z.i. '

'S \ \ \ X '

DoodrxsM IN HOT OAT CEREAL WITH WHEAT GERM AND SOV wIIEAT fEAL..Heartswith a golden storehoas uf Vitamin B,

Here are real breakfast foods. Not just breakfast fillers. Steamy. Creamy. Long on good

taste. Even longer on nourishmentwith a baker's dozen of essential vitamins, minerals

and protein in every bowlful. Reason enough for investing a mere three minutes of

your morning in stirring up a batch of a Betty Crocker hot cereal for your family.

Second Class Postage Paid at Salt Lake City, Utah

A question for all thinking fathers.

life insurance How much

.. is enough

.. to give your child a future in

1 W the world of tomorrow?

Ask you/- Beneficial Man... his business is giving the RIGHT answers

BENEFICIAL580 million dollars of life insuranceUEE

Virgil H. Smith, Pres. nTq >/ Salt Lake City, Utah