II

..:,->:"

W&V: p:

I '

mmmii

'O-sJP*'-n gMMMmcu, 7938 SEE PAGE 706 *

DECEMBER, 1938 RETURN POSTAGE GUARftNTFED SALT LAKE CITY. UTAH

"Golden Shell! "I scream

"Go there yourself!"he splutters

Mr. Bruggle can't hardly hear it your engine, if your oil is sluggish,

it thunder. case—don't get up out of the crank But I didn't know that, the first

shouts, time he drives in. I flash my "wel- "I am NOT cranky!"he

come"smile and he says, "Check mad by now.

the oil."I struggle on: "Look, you only

"You're low,"I report, in a minhave to pay 25 for a quart of ute. Golden Shell Oil—GOLDEN

SHELL,"I scream. "Then I don't need any,"he

answers. "You go there yourself,"he

splutters, and drives off. ''No, no"—I shout—"It's way That's how I got in bad with down!"

Mr. Bruggle and had to write him

"Who's a clown?"he frowns a letter to explain things. I got a

back at me. chance to tell him how fast Golden

I sail on, louder, while people Shell flows, too—without him

passing by stop to listen. shoutin'back at me. Now we're

"It's not only low, but you need good friends, and he calls me the oil that flows fast. When you start slick it? salesman—get

Sincerely,

ferv-..

..

S the flaming light of the humble candle reflects the WIfZ/OftfYuletide spirit, so your home reflects you. Your dwelling is the show window of your personality. A

Christmastide is friendvisiting time. See to it that your home

portrays to those whose association you cherish, the best that is within you.

Reshingle... redecorate... build a new amusement room,

bedroom, porch... or generally remodel, through us with:

NO DOWN PAYMENT—NO MORTGAGE

MONTHLY PAYMENTS AS LOW AS $5.00

SUGAR HOUSE LUMBER & HARDWARE COMPANY

1 164 East 21st South Street Hyland 555

M. O. ASHTON, President HORACE B. RICHARDS, Manager

An ideal Christmas Gift for Home and Abroad.

Cfjristmag <iit 0vhtv Jform THE IMPROVEMENT ERA QJor 50 NORTH MAIN STREET SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH.. Christinas Enclosed in this envelope is $.—in payment ior gift subERA Subscription scriptionsSend to listed below.

There is no finer gift for your family or neighbors at home. Address

There is no more appropriate gift for your friends or loved..XXiV.J \A

ones who are away. Citv State

FOR THE ENTIRE YEAR Send to '—----.- -

A $2.00 subscription to the Improvement Era will be a reminder Address..;.:.;....;..;.

of your thoughtfulness all through the twelve months, and will.

keep those to whom you send it in touch with what the Church is City State thinking and doing, and what the authorities are saying and planning. Sent by

, [.->.-.... h-iii- "THE ERA TELLS THE CHURCH ABOUT THE CHURCH"Address

City.....-,.......—...birl - f—

fill in, out, Christmas Tear blank order mail this The NOW.- and

gift for Ward.Stake rajfisiwrfq will attractive,vEra"card Christmas send to each one an

whom you subscribe, giving your name as donor.

Subscription rate—$2.00 each year for ach subscription.

(DoljouL Jiyww—

How the "still small voice"operates/Mmprouement Ira among the children of God?

'The Glory of God is Intelligence'Page 712

DECEMBER, 1938 Heber J. Grant, How old the earth is? Page 713

Managing Editor"THE VOICE OF THE CHURCH"

Marba C. Josephson, If we may safely outgrow chastity?

Associate EditorOFFICIAL PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, ORGAN OF THE Page 714

Morris, George General Mgr. Q. ASSOCIATIONS, DEPARTIMPROVEMENTMUTUAL

nnon. Ce Associate Lucy G. Mgr. MUSIC EDUCATION. COMMITTEE.MENT OF WARD

Ortor What the London "Daily Express", Business K. Mgr. J.TEACHERS, AGENCIES OF THE AND OTHER CHURCH

OF JESUS CHRIST OF LATTERDAY SAINTS. and Britain's "Cavalcade"have to

say about the Mormons?... Page 719

How the Church is progressing in the ancient city of Damascus?

Page 722 JhsL fodikftdu (poqsL Why and where John Huss was

The "Still Small Voice"Heber J. Grant 712 burned? Page 724

What beautification steps are being recommended for the West's 1947 celebration? Page 726

Evidences and Reconciliations—Part 5 John A. Widtsoe 713 Where the Gospel was first preachChastity J. Reuben Clark, Jr. 714 ed in New York City and how the

Church operates there today? Portrait of a Young Man—Part 2 Rachel Grant Taylor 716

"Thy Neighbor As Thyself"Rufus K. Hardy 718 Page 728

Britain Looks at the Mormons Richard L. Evans 719 Why it is said that "Wine is a

The Story of Our Hymns George D. Pyper 725 Mocker"? Page 732

1947 Looking 726 Bennett Toward Rose W.

Industries"are "Deseret and—L. 728 What The Church York City William Woolf in New Factory"? Clothing "Deseret the

Church Moves On: 734 Christmas Poems 750 Page 737

Helping Others to Help ThemCirculation of Library Books, selves, William Mulder 737 Aurelia Bennion 750 What biography of one of the PresPriesthood: Melchizedek -742 M Men 751 idents of the Church will soon be

Ward Teaching 745 Gleaners.751 released? - Page 741

Aaronic * 746 Juniors 752 Genealogical 752 BeeHive 748 is published being book new - Messages: Executives, Scouts Mutual of writings Harthe 753 Whatcontaining

to Tribute 751, 753 Field Photos Martha H. Tingey,

. Pages rison R. Merrill? 741, 763

. 749 Heber Grant J.

What children's books are recommended for Christmas?

SfuudoL J>&cdu/tA, Pages 738 to 740

On the Street "Called Straight"Joseph Jacobs 722 What novel quorum projects are under way? Page 742 The Protestors of Christendom—IX James L. Barker 724

Wine is a Mocker..Eva Willes Wangsgard 732

Introducing Lionel Banks, WesGive, Marba C. Josephson....738 EXECUTIVEOFFICES:AND EDITORIAL

ton Nordgren 708 Here's How.740 50 North Main Street, Salt Lake City. Utah

Exploring the the Universe, 741 FrankRack Book On

Mutual Men's the 1938. Young by lin S. Harris, to 709 Advertisers Jr Index the Corporation of Association 760 CopyrightImprovement

I Homing, Saints. and Books Shall Page Ours...768 Your What Latterday Christ Jesus of Church of

All rights reserved. Subscription price. $2.00

a year, in advance; 20c Single Copy.

Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City.

fijdiiouodA, Utah,mailingas atsecondclassspecial ratematter.of postageAcceptanceprovidedfor

Gift to Youth—1938 Richard L. Evans 736 authorizedfor in sectionJuly 2.1103,1918. Act of October, 1917.

responsible not Improvement Era is The A Christmas Thought...Marba C. Josephson 736

conbut manuscripts, welcomes unsolicited for tributions. All manuscripts must be accompanied

by sufficient postage for delivery and return.

J>jctwn, (posdJiy, Qjwa&w&iiL (Pju%%Isl NATIONAL ADVERTISING

The Return of Solomon Crosley Olive M. Nicholes.720 REPRESENTATIVES

The Native Blood—Part 2 Albert R. Lyman 723 Francis M. Mayo, Salt Lake City

Commonplace Things Roberta Piatt 731 Edward S. Townsend, San Francisco

Frontispiece: Christmas Cycle, Poetry Page 733 George T. Hopewell & Co., New York

Blanche Kendall McKey 71 1 Scriptural Crossword Puzzle....766 E. J. Powers & Co., Chicago

Hil. F. Best, Detroit

JhsL QdvsJv MEMBER OFCIRCULATIONSTHE AUDIT BUREAU OF

THIS Christmas window by H. Armstrong Roberts suggests the warmth and hospitality of Christmas—at which time it is to be hoped there will be none left outside A MAGAZINE FOR EVERY

the window, where frost and disappointment chill hearts and spirits as well as the physical man. MEMBER OF THE FAMILY

Two Great New Ford Cars with the look and feel of a higher price!

At New Lower Prices...With Big Hydraulic Brakes. v. Big

Roomy Bodies... Smooth V- 8 Power... Triple - Cushioned

Comfort and New Riding Quiet... Clean Stream -Lined

Backs with Increased Luggage Space... The Ford

RideStabilizing Chassis... Distinctive New Styling!

SEE YOUR FORD DEALER TODAY THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1938

NEW BUS

STEPHEN G00SS0N (LEFT) FORMER HEAD OF SERVICE COLUMBIA STUDIOS ART DEPARTMENT, AND (RIGHT) PRESENT HEAD OF LIONEL BANKS Between Salt Lake City and Payson

COLUMBIA ART DEPARTMENT.

Effective December 5, 1938 INTRODUCING travelers! Beginning for Utah "LJERE'S big news LIONEL BANKS

can travel 5, you December Monday, Weston N. Nordgren locally By

by Union Pacific bus between any points in Utah

Banks. Soon like Lionel (including Salt City Salt Lake south of

as chatting with him be Lake City). Youyouwillwill SuperCoaches of smoothriding the comfort. Enjoy

friend. old and valued with an this territory! FareS Sample LOW trip through on every

ease. Lionel Banks at puts you He

City) Lake (From Salt at art head department the new schedules 3 convenient daily each way is in Hollywood. Studios Columbia SOUTHBOUND.65 Fork $ American

1:00 a. m. 7:30 10:30 a. m. City, p. Utah. in Salt City m. Lv. Salt Lake Lake born was He.70 Pleasant Grove 2:21 a. 8:56 m. m. 11:56 a. p. m. Lv. Provo Bess, came Oliver C. grandfather, His 2:41 a. 9:16 m. 12:16 m. p. p. Fork m. Lv. Spanish...,;:.-;...90 Provo 2:53 9:28 a. 1847. m. in m. 12:28 p. m. Lv. Brigham Payson Young with to Utah

.. 3:30 a. 1.10 1:35 10:11p.m. m. - Fork p.p.m. Lv. Spanish Nephi grandparents among were Banks His 8:30 2:30 a. a. m. 5:49 m. p. m. City Lv. Cedar 1.30 Payson 12:35 a. 6:00 m. early 10:15 p. m. pioneers. Lionel's p. Lv. m. the Las Vegas handcart

Nephi....:.:.... 1.70 Ar. Los Angeles 6:30 a. m. 2:45 p. m. 8:45 p. m. education was obtained from the LatFillmore... 2.90 NORTHBOUND terday Saints'High School and the

Cedar City 5.00 Lv.Lv. LasLos VegasAngeles 9:006:20 a.p. m.m. 6:002:25 p.a. m.m. 11:007:25 p.a. m.m. University of Utah. The family still

8:30 a. a. m. in 1:52 p. m. City 12:22 Salt Lake Court Banks m. maintains Cedar 8.00 Lv. Las Vegas

6:24 4:11 12:59 m. a. p. m. p. m. Lv. Nephi Banks, Lionel Elder, now City. An 1:34 Angeles.... 9.95 a. 4:49 p. p. m. 7:00 m. Los m. Lv. Payson

7:12 5:01 a. p. m. m. 1:46 p. m. wife, the his former Fork Spanish 37, LaVee and Portland a. 2:13 7:40 5:28 m. p. m. m. p. Lv. Provo maintain Richfield, of Peterson mem- 3:30 8:55 a. 6:45 m. p. p. m. m. City - Ar. Salt Lake Chicago..—- 24.5013.00 Lv. in Arlington bership Hollywood Ward,

For other dollarsaving fares and complete bus travel Stake, with their two sons, Neil, 5, and information, see your local Union Pacific bus agents Robin,In 1920,4. Lionel Banks came to the

coast and studied at the University of

Southern California. After obtaining

his degree, he returned to Utah, purarchitect. UNION PACIFIC STAGES suing his profession as an

He began motion picture work at

Warner Bros. First National Studios

on their first sound picture, starring

Al Jolson.BE INDEPENDENT The film, "Moby Dick,"was largely

No Other Vocation So Profitable his work. Many other films have folENROLL NOW EVERYTHING lowed, chief of which is the new moFor a Complete Course at the tion picture, "You Can't Take It With

fact, in him, through You."met We Photographic offices the of Harry good McPherson, Culture of BeautyQuish School Salt former newspaper Lake man, now for call Write or Snapshot the in Best West The film. this at while previewing Columbia, Information Bldg., 336340 American S. Main, started at as sketch a Columbia He

CITY, UTAH LAKE SALT for the job taking weeks. two He Inc. artist, STORES, KODAK EASTMAN Information Further ForX for nine has there years been now; and Carl Catalog or 5292 Phone Wasatch 8t six the past years Associate has been or 7560 Wasatch

-'*> to Director Art Stephen Goosson. On 155 Street Fill This in South Main

this year, 1, of he succeeded Mr. */<Ofc Coupon Salt Lake City, Utah July

as head of Columbia's Art Goosson Department.

fcxplounq thsL IAmwqmil T-Jow does sap get from the roots to By FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR. P\r. T. J. Case of the University of

*"* the leaves in a tree? Usually it *- Chicago has found that the elecis said that the sap is pulled upward by trical waves given off by the brain can

suction from the leaves where evaporabe used to detect scars and tumors in tion is going on. Some new interesting the brain. This may then take the

work on this problem with tomato place of the X-ray method where a roots, that had never been attached to hole must be drilled into the skull, so a plant, found enough pressure dethat air can take the place of brain veloped in the roots to send sap to the fluid, to give shadows on the phototop of a California big tree, or more graphs.

than 100 pounds per square inch.

structure? or water form have P\oes test of has Russia, a oscow, made

it as seem, Surprising a honeymay of black pavement and a made M structure pattern has been orcomb nine of After rubber. months brown persists in cold which waterfound very

traffic the experiment conditions severe

Ice, of up. goes the temperatureas successful. Advantages declared was for musicear has no A rhinoceros structure, evidentcourse, a definite has

ice noiselessness, neither are: claimed "in least the one Zoo London persists the as this pattern waterbut—at

it, it is remains easy and on nor snow tried orchestra to matter charge no an liquid, of honey- a sort withbecomes to wash. played. sealions tune what was The molecules the through which formcomb

of water move in and out. liked everything but jazz. The wolves

and jackals responded readily to the

Are other living things right or leftmusic offered. A tune set in a depressAn improved whooping tough vac-

* handed? The cricket, the grassing minor key caused them to point ** cine is being prepared and tested

hopper and many others draw their their noses to the sky and drown out by the U. S. Public Health Service.

bow, which is on the right wingcase the orchestra. The cheetah enjoyed Preliminary results are encouraging but

over the sounding apparatus on the a foxtrot but showed alarm at careful tests taking another two years left wingcase. Nearly all the molluscs, Gounod's "Funeral March."Music will be necessary before the vaccine's

(snails, etc.), that have spiral shells never failed to bring all the crocodiles effectiveness will be known. Prepared

roll their coils from left to right. There out of the ponds onto the banks, where from the Sauer vaccine now used, the

are very few of the numerous species they showed interest with upraised new type takes longer to be absorbed which turn from right to left. Zoo heads. A like effect was obtained with by the body, giving a longer time for

tests have found the chances are four scorpions and spiders. Birds were in antibodies to be formed, and in addito one that a parrot will reach for food no way attracted and some clearly antion needs to be given in only two

with the left claw. noyed. doses instead of six.

"*W STARTED THROUGH LITE ON A HEALTHY FOUNDATION"TH QUINTUPLETS

KpJvo id "fcJvC cryouf Axtruup

M/uttJl "to tShJL *]PCo>uhOfjuiAAijJUpJZ&ZS. Sk2 m*J2to&L

CnI>a(S/Lodbtd Lot (VtMUTiMM

Kemembet: KARO IS RICH IN DEXTROSE, THE FOOD ENERGY SUGAR

World Copyright, 1938 NEA Service, Inc.

i ii THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1938 fc *

CHRISTMAS

AT CHRISTMAS CITY

WE BELIEVE... Again, with the arrival of this most

joyous time of year, comes a desire from us who strive at Christmas City, to make each season a little happier and a little brighter... to reiterate anew those ideals

which motivate all our ambitions and endeavors.

WE BELIEVE... in the Spirit of Christmas and in the

happiness and joy that comes from giving. We believe

that the size of the gift is unimportant, but whatever you give, see that quality is there

WE BELIEVE... in quality to the very corse, for there

is no economy except in quality

WE BELIEVE... in simplicity and thrill to the beauty

and joy that comes from simple things... and we have

filled our Christmas City with thousands of just such lovable items......

WE BELIEVE... that a store should be a place

where people can select what they want and need from among thousands of items with confidence and ease.

WE BELIEVE... in rotund Santas, in holly wreaths

and in mistletoe... in Christmas carols and happy greetings... in what we stand for and what we have.

WE APPRECIATE... the 70 years of public trust

which we have enjoyed and we stand today more eager than ever before to serve you......

From a panel by Avard Fairbanks.

CHRISTMAS CYCLE

I Ill T was myself a little child—alone 'T'here were no smiles one glazed December day

Von a Christmas hearth, its glow grown dim. Just hush and pain, no word, no tone could reach;

The soft white flakes upon the window blown, Mere chaos, and a heart bowed low. The ray

The tap upon the pane of whitened limb Of friendly Christmas candle, thoughts men preach with fear. Fell like dead leaves on griefdrenched eyes and ears.Had filled my heart with awe—perhapsThe wind sang shrill; the frozen world was dark; The touch of baby cheek—now marble chill

The candles with no flame had lost their cheer; Was not enough to bring the needed tears;

I wondered where had flown the meadow lark. My mind was impotent to wake the will.

And then a slumbering log awoke to flame—But when I seemed to see Him in the night

The tinsel of the tree sprang glad with light; And—floating to me on the Christmas chime

And, shadowsoft, I seemed to hear my name I heard my name, His eyes alight,

As now a little Christ Child filled my sight I knew the sleeping babe was ever mine.

A sparkling Child with halo like the frost, O wonderment to feel that He was nearAnd we were friends—with all the shadows lost! "I am the light—"above a tiny bier!

II IV

Tt was the time of holly and of chimes HThe kiss of snow, like velvet on my cheek;

When bridal lilies breathed of ecstacy. The moon grown faint, and starlight lost in haze;

There was the jargon, too, of boyish rhymes Low chanting from the churches of the meek

For never had been seen a bride like me! The old, old tongue that lived in other days.

There were the laces and the gleaming gown, Far arcs of town, in holiday array,

The laughter—and my mother's hidden tear; Are gleaming dreamlike through a misty lane.

The winding staircase which I pattered down As echoes of a carol, sweet and gay,

All radiant to meet the coming year. Proclaim His birth again, and yet again.

But when I stood a moment there alone But I, grown old, can hear His whisper low,

Beside the candles and the log burned low, And I, grown wise, can feel the inner light;

Like echoes from far years, in gentle tone O it is good to walk in falling snow

I heard again my name; I saw the glow And feel the wings of love that lift the night!

Of that same smile. O, little Christ Child dear! For life is rich in tides which sweep the years

In my full world of love I felt you near! When man may grow toward majesty through tears!

BLANCHE KENDALL McKEY ]JhE EDITORS PAGE By PRESIDENT HEBER J.GRANT JhsL "SiUL Small Oqiol'

HPhe "still small voice"is given to those who heed it, * each for his own comfort and guidance, according to his faithfulness and needs.

am reminded of some very faith promoting inciAsa baby only six months old my daughter, Lucy, was dents in my experience. I was out in Tooele very, very ill out in Tooele, and I sent for Brother

at her. a quarterly After he had to stake conference administer Patriarch to and the and come Rowberry

get said: the I of stake, Brother you to "Did turned had blessed her he John Rowberry, me and told me

many years before of having had a dream (as I the witness of the spirit that your baby should live?"

remember it, thirty years before ), in which he was on I said: "No, I did not."He said: "I did, and I know

a great vessel, and every once in a while somebody fell she is going to live. Go to your desk and get a piece

overboard, and he finally fell overboard himself, and of paper and let me give her a Patriarchal blessing."

when he struggled through the water he came out into He gave her a blessing and he made many remarkable the most beautiful country that he had ever seen, and promises to her, many of which have been fulfilled to he met Brother Orson Pratt there. He asked Brother the very letter.

Pratt: "Where am I?"and Brother Pratt said: "You Some time later he met me and he said: "Brother

are in heaven, Brother Rowberry."Grant, I want you to come to my office."(He was

Brother Pratt happened to be out in Tooele at that the Probate Judge out there.) "I have a blessing in my

particular time visiting the various wards in that stake, heart for you of a Patriarchal nature."He gave me

and Brother Rowberry told him of this dream, praying a most wonderful and marvelous blessing, nearly all to the Lord that Brother Pratt would not ask him who of which has been fulfilled to the very letter, and he the man was that he met in his dream. He did not made the remark: "Brother Grant, I saw something

want to tell him that he, Brother Pratt, had to die first. that I dared not put in your blessing."I then had the

Brother Pratt said: "I will pray about it and if I get impression (I was just twentyfour years of age when

the interpretation I will give it to you."he made that remark and had not been made an Apostle)

Just before leaving (he was there several weeks) that I should live to preside over the Church. I have

Brother Pratt said: felt that is what he saw. I never spoke of it in my

I I life Church, the and of President until the became

I "Well, prayed dream, about Brother your Rowall at through time tried that to myself persuade

I berry, interpretation. the got that people and on The

I it that not could following the years was andbe—that vessel the represented said that people the of world. You promthings the Brother Rowberry of mistaken. Some

fell the of majority people the did overboard you who

I behardly patriarchal blessing could in that ised me If list will not of write those a did know. you you down so. lieve true, they done but have come would

I fell in in the promise order overboard they which know I speaking, as ever financially feeling blue, as WAS [

I in shall order, that die that they promise exact and you * Ivins, life cousin, in Anthony did when my W. my shall shall that to heaven meet you go when you you marvelously called been to to Mexico. go had was He in identical that the dream, your met and you man

I half of ranches. in running successful and owned He tell that the meet from you him when him dream was

divicent for per years that paid 25 ranch a a $50,000 interpretation the the also Lord the from and was on, regularly. panic some and come had dend The Pratt."through Brother Lord Orson

I paying in institutions not were had which money

I Pratt, said: will Brother "Brother Rowberry And

I this in ranch paydividends. was $12,500 owned The tell him."

While I was still in Tooele as president of the stake, ingI wasthe sittinginterestin atthe6 pertemple,cent feelingon $50,000heartbrokenof my debts.(al-

I received a telegram to the effect that Brother Orson though I was one of the committee that nominated

Pratt was in a very serious condition of health and reBrother Ivins to go into Mexico because I felt imquesting that we hold a prayer meeting in both Grantspressed that he was needed there and that the Lord ville and Tooele for his recovery. We did so, and, wanted him to go there ), when it came to me as plainly

as we were going into the prayer circle room in Tooele, as though a voice had declared it: "You have no need

Brother Rowberry said to me: "Heber, do you rememof feeling sad because of your cousin's going to Mexico.

ber my dream?"I told him, "Yes."He said: "Well, it He is going right where the Lord wants him to go and

is Brother Pratt's turn next."And indeed, that proved you shall have the exquisite joy of welcoming him back

to be Brother Pratt's last illness. into this room of the temple as an Apostle of this last

Some years later I was out in Tooele at a stake condispensation."I immediately shed some tears of joy

ference at which Brother Rowberry was one of the and gratitude. And this promise also was fulfilled.

speakers. He was in very good health, although he I mention these things simply to strengthen our

was an aged man at the time. He spoke with a great knowledge and faith. The Lord gives to many of us

deal of power and vigor and expressed his gratitude the still, small voice of revelation. It comes as vividly

for the Gospel. After the meeting he said: "Brother and strongly as though it were with a great sound. It

Grant, do you remember my dream?"I said, "Yes."comes to each man, according to his needs and faithfulHe said: "The people have died in the exact order in ness, for guidance in matters that pertain to his own

which they fell off the vessel. They are all gone, and it life. And for the Church as a whole it comes to those

is my turn next and I am the happiest man in all Tooele who have been ordained to speak for the Church as a

County. I am anxious to meet Brother Pratt and to whole. And this certain knowledge which we have that

meet your father and other men and women 1 have the guiding influence of the Lord may be felt in all the loved with all my heart. By the way, I will tell your ways of life, according to our needs and faithfulness,

father, Brother Grant, that you are doing very well as is among the greatest blessings God grants unto men.

an Apostle."And with this blessing comes the responsibility to

The next time I went to Tooele he had passed on. render obedience to the "still small voice".

Evidences and reconciliations X) Aids to Faith in a Modern Day

fotJ Tt r t 1 beenmentality.left to Sogradualin nature,preachingtrees, andanimals,humanandinstrumen C/LcLfflOiV JUu tflSLM.I fcJCVujrL?

small beginnings, attain time to have and require perfection."( A. McCaul, Record "The MosaicHHhis is an ancient question which has occasioned to

much controversy. There are at least three of Creation,"p. 213 in Aids to Faith.)

prevailing answers among faithful Biblebe- Second. The word translated "day"in Genesis

lieving Latterday Saints. The fact appears to be really means, in the original, an age or undefined

that no man knows the age of the earth. period of time, and is so rendered in several transThe first group believe that the earth was created lations of the Bible. Further, the first three "days"

in six days of twentyfour hours each. That is, could not have been days such as we have, for the

the earth was six days old at the coming of Adam, sun and the moon had not yet been placed in the

This view is based upon the literal acceptance of firmament. (Genesis, 1:5-19.) Moreover, the

the story of creation as given in King James'word "day"is used frequently throughout the Bible translation of Genesis. (Gen., Chapter 1; Exodus in a general sense, as "the day of the Lord,"the

20: 1 1. ) According to this belief there was a sueday of vengeance,""the night is far spent, the day

cession of sudden or catastrophic creative events is at hand."

during this short period of time which led to the Third. Scripture revealed in modern days to the

formation of the earth. The catastrophists contend Prophet Joseph Smith indicates that the word

that the Lord is able through His divine power, if "day"should be understood to mean periods of

He so desires, to form an earth or many earths in time, for in the Abrahamic record of creation, each short moments of time. They also quote the words creative act is followed by the statement "This was

of Moses as revealed to the Prophet Joseph Smith, the first or the beginning of that which they called which follow closely the wording of King James'night and day,""and this was the second time that translation. (Pearl of Great Price, Moses, 2:1-31.) they called night and day,"and so on until "and

The second group hold that each day of creathey numbered the sixth time."{Pearl of Great

tion was really one thousand years, and that the Price, Abraham, Chapter 4. ) Then, "And the Gods

earth therefore was six thousand years old at the concluded upon the seventh time."(Ibid, 5:3.)

coming of Adam. Those who uphold this view Fourth. Genesis opens with the phrase "In

quote as their support the statement of the Apostle the beginning God created the heavens and the

Peter, "One day is with the Lord as a thousand earth."It is quite agreed by students that the

years, and a thousand years as one day."(2 word "beginning"is indefinite in its significance and

Peter, 3:8.) In defense of this view the statement may mean previous time or even previous eternity,

made by Abraham is also quoted: "The Lord said according to subject—as in John's gospel "Before

unto me, by the Urim and Thummim, that Kolob the world was."(John 17:5.) This is placed by

was after the manner of the Lord, according to its the side of Alma's words "All is as one day with times and seasons in the revolutions thereof; that God and time only is measured unto men,"(Alma,

one revolution was a day unto the Lord, after his 40:8) as indicating that our measurement of time,

manner of reckoning, it being one thousand years with its short days and hours came only with man.

according to the time appointed unto that whereon Fifth. The slow processes of nature, as known

thou standest. This is the reckoning of the Lord's to man, must long have been in operation to lift

time according to the reckoning of Kolob. (Pearl the mountains from lake and sea bottoms, and to

of Great Price, Abraham, 3:4. carve out the valleys. All human experience points

The third group believe that the creation of the to the need of periods of time far beyond six thouearth extended over immensely long periods of time, sand years, to fashion the earth as it appears today, not yet correctly established by revelation or by or as it seems to have been throughout recorded man's scientific advance, and that the earth therehistory.

fore is very old. In support of this view they Sixth. Recent discoveries in the field of radiomarshal several arguments: activity have furnished a "timeclock"which cornFirst. It is admitted that the Lord has power pels the belief that the earth is very old, far beyond

to accomplish His work in His own way and time, the former, accepted limits.

"But nature and scripture both teach us that it has Those who upon the above and other views hold pleased the Lord to work gradually. His purpose that the earth is very old, have attempted to estiwas to fill the earth with inhabitants, and yet only mate the age of the earth in years. The method is

a single pair was created.... It is His will that always based on a common principle. The rate at

the whole earth shall be filled with the knowledge which some process is going on at the present day of Himself; but the diffusion of the knowledge has {Concluded on page 755)

CHASTITY

By PRESIDENT J. REUBEN CLARK, JR.

Of the First Presidency

(fha&titi idu undamsmiaL Jb jowl JU$jl and, Jb jowl xdvUiycdwn. 9. JthsL Juool

jbsucomcju unxJia&Jb, it ivilL psihi&h.

\X7e must approach and teach our youth as children of god, with spirits that are to live throughout eternity, and tell them plainly and clearly that the laws of god and man demand

THAT THEY SHALL BE CHASTE. If WE TEACH ANYTHING

LESS THAN THIS WE SHALL DESTROY OUR YOUTH.

a joy unspeakable, an all but divine which is ours in these matters? And

harmony that no other purely human let us not make the mistake—any undertaking can bring. The rightof us—of assuming that our children

ful heritage of such a beginning in are beyond temptation and may not life is a life of righteousness that fall. This is a delusion and a snare

builds upward to eternal life. that will bring us to the very depths.

WANT to say a few words to the To the unchaste who marry there Let every father and every mother, parents, to the teachers and to is ahead either a life of distrust, lack every brother and every sister, standI the youth of the Church about a of confidence, unhappiness, leading guard day and night that their loved matter that seems to me to be of to the divorce court, or a life of ones be not seized and carried away the most farreaching importance. promiscuous sexual relationship that by lust.

the law Sinai came on Moses in misery, To disease, ends shame. and

I people, directly young You may all shalt notof time: commit "Thou to birth never gave Debauchery good entreat to chaste. be beyou Please Christ,adultery."Master, Jesus The kind. of any

I lieve that chastity say when me in his term opprobrious mostfound is Chastity to our fundamental is life itself. worth than more This generadulterousthe phrase, "an life civilization. If to the our and

is the doctrine taught parents my in hisation."time and Lord it The will perish. unchaste, race becomes

it is truth. Better me; die chaste forniours,in adultery put has and basic to Immorality the has been

live than unchaste. salvation The side.cation carare side Both by in destruction of the nations mighty

is in of very soul your concerned sins.dinal It will past. bring the to dust mighty

this.

The Church has from the beginnations of the present.

Ining demanded of its youth, male Every one of us who instructs our I ask you to believe me when and female, one standard only, abyouth, in whatever place or position, say that whenever a man or woman, solute continence until proper marand in whatever capacity, must young or old, demands as the price riage has legalized and hallowed the teach the young people of today to of his friendship that you give up life,sexual relations. To this there is no abstain from unchastity. We must the righteous standards of your

exception. Man is a biological surround our teachings with due and or any of them, that man's friendis not worth the price he asks.unit, an animal, but he is more than proper reserve and modesty. We ship

this, he is the temple of an immortal must approach and teach the youth You may not trust that friendship.

it off as he does hisspirit. That spirit can be defiled by as the children of God, with spirits He will cast

the flesh, and defilement comes when that are to live throughout eternity, wornout coat. Friendship is not

the laws of chastity are violated. and tell them plainly and clearly now and never was the offspring of

Our very civilization itself is based that the laws of God, and of man debauchery or unrighteousness.

upon chastity, the sanctity of maralso, demand that they live chaste. I ask you young women to beriage and the holiness of the home. If we shall teach anything less than lieve me further when I say that any

Destroy these and Christian man this, we will destroy our youth and young man who demands your becomes a brute. we will bring ourselves under a conchastity as the price of his love, is

For Latterday Saints the family demnation which is too great to be spiritually unclean, and is offering relationship continues through eterfathomed by the human mind. something that is not worth the

nity. It is the loftiest and most purchase price. His love will turn

sacred human relationship we know. Tn what I have said I include all of to ashes under your touch; it will

To the chaste young man and young lis parents. How can we parents lead you to misery and shame; and

woman beginning the building of a face our Maker if we have failed in too often it will curse you with dread home, there is a trust, a confidence, one featherweight to meet the duty disease.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 19 3 8

To you young men I say that any anxious to forgive, if you shall come I have spoken plainly because woman who comes to you offering with a repentant heart—the repentplain speech is necessary. I have

her person outside of legal wedlock, ance of a forsaking of sin, and the tried not to speak indelicately; I have

is playing the harlot. living of a righteous life, and a connot spoken lewdly.

The Lord has said in our day: trite spirit. Youth, be not disturbed. Be

"For I, the Lord, cannot look upon To the unbelieving scoffer who valiant. Godives. The Gospel is

sin with the least degree of allowsays: "All you say merely shows His way of life. Follow the Gospel

ance."(D. and C. 1:31 ). And to how old and out of date your reMoses he said that no unclean thing ligion is,"—or, as one educator said:

can dwell in the kingdom of God "how much your religion is of the or in his presence. (Moses 6:57.) kindergarten type"—to the scoffers

Yet there is forgiveness for the who say that man has outgrown the sinner who truly repents. God's old God with His rewards and punmercy is just as boundless as his ishments, His standards, and that

3&L I6L not maluL Bul mhialuL—jam

i JULdu—ofc oAAumm ihaL djjUl

xJuIcOw/l cUisL JbsuptuL hmpiaiwrL atuL may. JwLfedl.

"pOR I, the Lord, cannot look upon sin with

THE LEAST DEGREE OF ALLOWANCE."DOC. AND

Cov. 1:31.

Jo JtfuL ACDSMu wlfW AOlf WSL hctVSL DJUiqJWIVfL dflCL&Jtify, it Ldu

Auicknt io Aai ihaL iku&. hctA. ihai/L JdrwL Afwfout. auiol

Qcdn. thkxL io $umL cu bsdi&Jv svai than, ihsL otul 'Sod. heat

fUwvid&d. JJuitu wilL ih&tf olwayA, AfmaL uniiL %oxL Ahall

xJoasl ih&bv nwudha.

T ET EVERY FATHER AND EVERY MOTHER, EVERY BROTHER AND

EVERY SISTER, STAND GUARD DAY AND NIGHT THAT THEIR justice. To the woman taken in LOVED ONES BE NOT SEIZED AND CARRIED AWAY IN UNCHASTITY.

adultery, condemned to death by the Mosaic law, Jesus said: "Go,

and sin no more."But the heart man must now create for himself a path to eternal life, "And this is life

must be ripened in repentance benew God—and this last is at the root eternal, that they might know thee,

fore forgiveness can come, and sorof much of the socalled modern the only true God, and Jesus Christ, row alone is not repentance. A new philosophy, which considers man as whom thou hast sent."( John 17:3.)

and righteous life must be led. creating his God, not God as creatMay the Lord give us His spirit,

Church members, young and old, ing His children—to these scoffers it bring home to our hearts the nethe Lord demands that you be is sufficient to say that thus has their cessity of chastity for every man and

chaste. The Church requires chaskind spoken since Cain tried to find every woman, for every boy and

tity from you under penalty of dis- a better way than the one God had every girl, I ask, in the name of Jesus fellowship and excommunication. If provided. Thus will they always Christ. Amen. From an address

any of you have already sinned, your speak until God shall close their delivered at the \09th SemiAnnual brethren and sisters stand ready and mouths. Conference.

oo

LPortrait

Part Two YOUNG MAN The Young Family Man

Really to know a man one should also know his wife.

Liu cl ivsriLhwivtL igwuL—Jbut Father you have met. Let QhuMh,

me introduce you to my mother. For Iwul jlvsl wJUvoduaL lpuL lo ihsL dOlb&A. j/.

only a few years we were privileged to have her with us, yet so strong $JumL xL msfiSL than. hal cl awiuhi

and clearcut was the impression of her vivid, inspiring, dynamic perago—whoASL litf&JL ambiiimuiu w&Jisl oa.

it is that sonality was, and always y&L unJisaUid. vital will part of innermost be a my

being.

Mother's father, Briant Stringham, came west with the first comBy RACHEL GRANT TAYLOR pany of Mormon pioneers; her mother came later with my grandfather

Jedediah M. Grant's company. At who shared with my father the exthe time of the Gold Rush Grandperiences which we here call "The

father Stringham had decided to go Portrait of a Young Man."

to California when he met Brigham It was not until April, 1881, that

Young, who said: "Briant, what Father bought a house in Tooele.

are you doing?"He writes:

"I'm preparing to go to California. I gave Brother H. S. Gowans $800.00

I've sold my shop."to pay Brother John Larsen in full for his

"Well, we'll find something for residence, $900.00 being the price agreed

you right here. You can take care whileupon. heI hadwas paidin SaltBrotherLake Larsenattending$100.00conof the Church stock from Arizona to ference.

Idaho.".

Headquarters for the Church The journal tells of a Brother Elstock was on Antelope Island. der working on the house, and from

Mother used to tell us of the happy the record it appears that Father summers spent on what was then helped him at every opportunity.

called "Church Island."There were While the pages of Father's jouran adobe house, an orchard, springs nal relating to his Church, business

of fresh water, hills to climb, horses and other matters were interesting, to; ride and a beach of fine sand the part describing the time our famwhere they went into the lake to ily moved to Tooele disclosed a

BROTHERS, LEFT TO RIGHT, THE GRANT FRONT new. GRANT, JOSEPH ROW: JEDEDIAH MORGANbathe.desire—especiallyWhat morewhencouldshe a hadchilda phase of his life that was entirely

GRANT, GRANT; BACK SMITH HYRUM GEORGE his saidfather idea of heaven not Mother who was very well, and so ROW: F. GRANT, BRIGHAM HEBER J. GRANT,

filled lot tenacre with "a the Father responsibility of had F. GRANT.was chilJOSHUA

dren."moving. On Wednesday, May 4th.

When mother was thirteen those leader. She worked in the morning, sewhe writes:

happy, carefree days ended, for her ing, washing, getting things done before Spent the day at the office and purfather died, leaving a large family school time. chasing goods to ship to Tooele. Thursto make their own way in life. AlthatSheto adoredher thereyourwasfather,nothingand haslackingtold mein day and Friday, same.

so felt keenly young, motherthough just him, that requirements. he met her She is in journal which the The book cultivated father's for friends his sake, your responsibility ofthe the holding

to devoted pages has many until all long liked they not and it to written was together, givingfamily; them and other matters journal. than to are her beautiful home. loved come There She

every possible educational advanthings, took joy in literature and the drama. lists of insurance risks, and diagrams

tage. A. Badger, Aunt Louisa who of buildings to insured. be some On Stringreared in grandfatherwas She I could see the right plainly. Her of the pages of found the a list

of her: recently wroteham's home, flash at eyes untruth she would an and things he to set had purchased up

is say, so."would not "That could She girlhood struggle In a her she had days in housekeeping the home. new tolerate not anything "put on."to poverty,against school but she went first item brain knives She a had keen executive The and and was of herself, todetermined something make

ability. perceptions desires Her and were forks, out, crossed Evi- $14.00, teacher. to prepared a sheand be

all for fine the good. and not strong grandmother that dently a Your was considered been had too

I I think of see truthfulher Lou, When little financial in a had andwoman way expensive, costing and some $4.75 ness, in love of honesty act. word andjust knitting a home. a machine She had

life religion to chosen. her. were item bolt Her of was "a The knit for stores. she stockings thewith which

I see Lou now in the kitchen getting breakof lonsdale,"immediately brought fast. We all helped, but Lou was the Such a woman was my mother, with it a picture of a wholesale sup-

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1938

train for Tooele. Went to my house and

MY MOTHER'S VALIANT EYES same.assistedInBrotherthe eveningElder wentin workingto the onCourtthe

By Rachel Grant Taylor House and wrote to Tony Ivins.

week The 7th to May from May dear, goes back my heart Mother in 14th principally occupied was the trail of yesteryears, Along

I see again your valiant eyes moving. Of this Father writes:

Although my own are dim with tears. Saturday, May 7, 1881. Took morning

train for Tooele. by Andrew Met Gowlight to not could stay love with You I ans with loaded wagon. a and wagon He

arise, should shadows when way My full effects to of took household them and could But divine leave a gift you I in Tooele. Thos. Lee and home my W. eyes. valiant of your memory The to the depot to drove helped and Andrew

in to again. load Grantsmeeting (Went

shall death with beckoncome When ville.) the in to evening Returned Tooele

ing hand helped Brother and Elder working on my free ties, soul earthly from And my house.

I crave the dusk, from out boon One in unDid Monday. some work

greeting valiant Love's from your of packing household my littleeffects—balance eyes.

in reassisted Elder Carl Brother day J. the by Courtesy Reprinted of

Relief Society Magazine. pairing my house.

Wednesday, 11, and Thursday, May 12, spent at office and in purchasing household furniture and in packing and moving my effects to the depot to ship to Tooele.

ply of children's dresses, little and Friday, May 13th. Train for Tooele.

big, fullruffled petticoats, and tuckMet at depot by Andrew Gowans and household with wagon. Loaded wagon sleeve long yoked, nightgowns.

to Brother goods. house met Going we my

that the things Faamused I was of Gillespie Peter load going for a my efther bought for repairing the house fects. I returned with him. Before we got ANTHONY W. IVINS AS A YOUNG MAN

and for garden tools had no price. loaded, Andrew Gowans returned and his wire doors, screens for windows, cutting

finished of the goods. in barn. lucern and putting same item that seems to have load Another 14th, Saturday, 1881. unWorked Mayall at 20. four o'clock up Got June Monday, eliminated been bed springs, was til train to in time house went and then until o'clock putting 12 lucern and worked

$10.00. I wondered what they subthe depot and met my wife and two chilin barn.,>:,.

stituted; still, with 40 yards of tickdren. Hired Betsy Gowans to work for us.

of written Father's of for ibusy four the hauling Paid $4.00 have Andrew ing, mattress, a hair 10 and pounds loads furniture depot. of the from Busy doing work. weekends Church feathers, of the perhaps springs all putting carpets. day down time of a such shows moth- A record could be omitted.

er his him of accompanying on one list follows: The setot getting the days came Next

it trips, getting entailed even though lot. the around working and Grater 10 Ticking yards at tled 40 at up 3 a.m.:

Mustard Spoon 20c ThursTuesday, Wednesday, Monday, at.home, Thursday, Morning July 14. 1 Beater sack 35 Egg sugar

Wringer 7.00 Shoes Ray 1.25 day, Friday, May 1620. The above days in the evening drove to Lake Point, met

Teaspoons 50 wife Shoes pictures, I curwindow busy hanging was Bishop drove to mother and Edwin we Tablespoons 4.50 Hat tains, on the house around and working at his Grantsville. Hunter's wife Found cup 1.00 12 Tin 20 box 50 Matches

Tin Plates 50 Stove Blacking 25 my lot. Did my first plowing. sick. Bishop and I administered to Sister

cups 3 Tin boxes 35 3 Shoe the Saturday, around 21. Worked of Hunter. I got horse May the Bishop a riding

1.75 Plate Bread Blacking 25 in the In the afternoon morning. my rode Riches and and Hale to John Alma Plate 2.00 Bread Brush Shoe 50 house

Dust pan 50 Butter Bowl 50 wife and I and also the children drove and John Rowberry's. Asked Alma wheth75 Brush Dust Blueing Box to Grantsville 25 to get a of Brother his that father understood we would cow—one lbs. 4 Raisins 1. 00 2.75 Can Coaloil er delivered for $22.50, Samuelson's in start for Said tomorrow. at 4 a. m. Quincy 4 lbs. Currants 4.00 50 Lamp

6 cans Field Lamp 75 Tooele. yes.

1.50 Oysters.65 Lamp until planting garden Monday. Worked m., fed Saturday, 3 a. up at July 16. Got 8 lbs. Rice 1.00 1 doz. Plates 1.25 train to the depot and met time. Went my the at the 4:20 team, greased buggy, and Pearl Tapioca, 40 Caster 1.00

6 lb. Box Starch 85 2 Veg. Dishes 40 wife's sister Susie Jacobs and her baby. started for Quincy. Wife and children in

Olive Oil 2 1.00 1.20 Bakers Veg. in spent gardening. Afternoon the Sister Hale, with Mother, me. buggy 1.00 Cheese 2 Bakers Veg. 60 28. the Saturday, morning Took May of Hale's sons and one followed Brother lbs. 1.25 Soap Dinwoodey's From3%

train for Susie Tooele. Mother, and Jacobs Sieve 35 us. Cupboard din- 9:20. $28.00 at reached After Quincy We

Coaloil 50 Safe 9.00 Can children the at went with two me. Met at ner to the drove Indian Quincy Farm we

... 6 1.50 Milk Pans 14.00 Table depot Richard and Ephraim by Gowans miles twelve Brother south of Quincy. Met 1.00 Sauce Chairs 12.00 Pan 6

load. dinner Lyman. a good Pail At buggy 1.50 Had RockingWater 4.50 returnChair Lee. a meeting and then Had Wm.

PitcherWater 75 Bedstead 8.50 all the strawberries had eat could pickto we ed Quincy.

doz. Glasses 1.60 Chairs.. 3.00 3 Wooden lot, our ed from own Sunday, 17. Attended July Sunday. Churn1 1.20 12.00 Bedstead

1 doz. Sauce Hair Mattress 12.00 Sunday, May 29. The writing in this School and afternoon meeting. After meetdishes 80 10 7.50 journal the has. all been from. done today ing to Grantsville. drove within When IronsFlat 2 2.00 Hatlbs. RacksFeathers I line third 45. the from of bottom page I four miles to of Grantsville. commenced 40Tack Looking Glass Hammer 2.75

etc., in pencil, should memos, and madeSoap 1.00 Bracket to team. 2.75 have the walk I wished wait for my

Salt 20 Clothes 2.50 Horse the written daily, have journal while but Sister Hale. to mother team with and Had oz.3 25 Nutmegs and Axe Handle arranging moving at and founTooele fortyfive my about walk before minutes they2 pkg. Starch.30 Corn Hatchet

tain pen out gave at and no ink I hadYeast all Powder up. 50 Rake right my I found came they were When

Rolling Pin 25 Shovel residence.

4.25Tubs Spade Saturday, June 4. Took train for Tooele. er's.I droveI hadveryonlyrapidlyleft towardsthe folksBishopa fewHuntmin- Board 35Wash Hoe

Clothes Basket 1.50 Fork Spent day at home cutting lucern and other utes when it commenced to rain and blow

7 doz. 50 Pick In work. evening attending meeting it C Pins for and impossible became so dark for was

2 Brooms 80 Scythe Coeducational Association. After meeting I to the see road. trust to to had me mySapone 25 Wheelbarrow

for cut lucern I about an hour.Oil Cloth team. could occasionally 65 the see 250 shingles, 5 boards road

ClothTable 9 inches feet 14 by 6. train it Monday, for Salt June lightning. It Took would when so dark wasCrash 1.00 14 brackets for posts. the Lake. Before It going cut lucern. I that some could not outline see even a dim ofSheeting feet ceiling 290 lumber.

I rained quite hard. raked the lucern horses. C1 Wbolt... 1.05 upLonsdale feet 90 moulding. my

during the rain and got wet through. When within a few rods of Wm. R.

Monday to Saturday, June 13 to 18. All Judd's my team stopped. I got out and!

Saturday, April 30. Took the 7 a. m. the above days I was busy working on {Continued on page 764)

\\THY NEIGHBOR AS THYSELF // CbudL jul looking ioivahdA, iPuA, idsuil,

gifts choice from the (B&Wl fiivjutiL 187ilv QiwuufL afi.Among

this, is that mankind God to each person born on earth Sswsjnhj fwinJUu JthsL way. in, Jbdiing

is individuality, the like of which an Jba&i. this oadfL man do what Jul doxA. to gracehas never before come

earth and the like of which will in hiA, choixjL o wsdfyaJiSL fUwi&dLdu.

never again be born.

of purthere unanimity is a Yet condition for fall and winter use. souls untold the of the withinpose drovers furnished sheep. Those The By RUFUS K. HARDYmillions the born; have been who in grain put acres a grew few the First Council liberty, of the who of an growth,purpose and Of this additional, additional to grain Seventy to does work.opportunity who One the assistance of those go for who thrill feel of the opportunthenot

it. shall beet put need growers The

life, privilege of theity of of growth in an extra half acre or acre of beets the blessed and developmentand corner neglected some or weedy is both in ill indeed, labor ofboon place they where had not grown physically.mentally and before. beets

During the last several years, In the past, quorum obligations certain of us have found ourselves were met by only about 50 per cent unable to do the things we formerof the members. Others felt that

ly did, and now lack opportunities they were unable to pay what was to continue on profitably to ourasked of them. Now, under this

selves and to our families in the plan of letting each man contribute channels wherein we were wont to in the line of his own activity, 96 labor. per cent responded, and have not

The Church, ever alert to the only furnished enough for all the welfare of its members, and havneeds of the quorum, but in addiing practiced from its inception in tion have supplied means to main1830 to the present time, the printain missionaries in foreign fields, ciple that all men should be profitand, moreover, have an abundance ably and continuously employed at which can be used for the blessing some occupation which would of others outside the quorum who bring the necessities of life and the may need it.

joy of expansion and development, In the towns in this stake, for has again through its channels ofthose who do not farm, flower garvegetable gardens weredependent—tofered to all an opportunitymaintain theirto beselfin- densproved,were planted, lawns were imrespect, and to thank God for the tended by those who had only their

privilege of being able to produce labor to donate. A contractor in

and earn their shelter, food, cloththis stake suggested that he had ing, cultural advantages, and spirseveral basements to dig and would itual development. In the organizaturn one or more over to the quotion of the Church there is a provirum as work projects. Others of

sion for every exigency; so, today the quorum had trucks or teams,

the quorums of the Priesthood are while some had only their hands functioning in a splendid manner and a willingness to labor. It has

for the relief and comfort of those been a revelation, not only to the who may be temporarily in unforpresidents of this quorum, but also tunate circumstances. to every member of the quorum

this in far has so responded who of 187th the Quomembers The is It the suggesjoyous endeavor.

six FOR in TOPS BEETS TOP: SEVENTY domiciled A YOUNG Seventy, ofrum this of tion quoof the presidency QUORUM. THE the in Bear ecclesiastical wards CARE TAKES SEVENTY THIS CENTER: to that for those do wish rum who FOR OF BEETS THE OF QUARTERACRE A detogether Stake, and metRiver QUORUM. projects individual for their work

all TO those ARRANGEMENTS aid BOTTOM: MADE "WE they who would cided find for themcannot work and GROUND."APPLES FROM THE THESE GATHER the to giving assistance by needed

it is presiof selves, the the duty individual members of their quoengaged in doing. For instance, five idency to plan a project for them sources projects became which rum, of apples bushels were hundred find the necessary work. set and to accomplishment pride of and for apple the growers the goal as like fuin the This would quorum the and respective members the raised of the quorum. Those who drier ture, a fruit of aid the with

quorum. hogs should raise an additional or a canning center, to take care of

In the assignment of these projnumber, as their individual project. all of the products now going to

ects each man was asked to conEach cattle raiser would furnish a waste in their territory. These

tinue to do the thing he was already calf and raise it until it was in prime (Concluded on page 743)

BRITAIN LOOKS AT JAe.

MORMONS

"TPhe faith of the Mormons, which began in ridicule now NEW VICTORIA THEATRE, BRADFORD. ENGLAND, stands in dignity and respect. MORMON STREET MEETING ON THE CUSTOM

THE MORMONWHERE MILLENNIAL CHORUS They have created a worthy and HOUSE STEPS, BELFAST,PhotoIRELAND.by R. P. Evans.SANG FOR WEEK. ONE

Photo by R. P. Evans. useful institution whose members do good by teaching and by

possible contributory all other and their upright E. of George example T. Eyston the Captain causes. of intense bitterness The his Thunderbolt "Daily London was driving the lives."—From

over Utah's Bonneville Salt Express/'August 25, 1938. his disappointment is not to be deFlats for a new official world record, nied. But, notwithstanding, he

breaking his own mark of the presmiled affably, and pleasantly greetvious year and the records of all his ed the radio audience with a jest and illustrious predecessors. The writer By RICHARD L EVANS with an apology for having kept

was at the center of the measured Of the First Council of Seventy them waiting so long and for having mile, describing speed and more disappointed them.

speed for KSLCBS and an interThat was "cricket"you know!

part better years of three the With radio national network. Glen Shaw international broadcast been the had in Britain, estimate spent Great my coverwere Sandack and "Wally"off. signed fair British of already play had at positions ing points the each end previous, the Captain days Three of this high, display but mounted the six miles onehalf from and run, con- a run another had made selfcontrol, sportsmanship, supreme listened Britain center. Great that the faster to than one be ceded anygenerous conduct topped and facilities British of the the through officially after putcounted; but was I thing ever seen. had Broadcasting and an had Company ting besides into everything brilliant this it—and after but day The as closeup intimate her from Utah gasoline steel rubber and and and disqualified during run which Cap- "fastest favorite of speed, the son will brains, ever engineering one no tain at ran north 347.155 Eyston earth,''laugarnered more on man himself the know much man how later officially m.p.h. established (he rels land. for his native

into of those goes runs—failureof m.p.h. a records of 357.5 345.49 and that told Captain Eyston Mrs. me disqualified timing device the second edito m.p.h.) devoted a column in British her home, Eyston, heard

I lap. the interviewed Captain on torial in the Daily comment London entire the including proceedings, the fully that day, the microphone and great of the world's Express, one the as roar of motors Thunderbolt's that there emit expected from would this newspapers, metropolitan had it mile, the through measured went thor- a have been would him what to of 25, date under say August felt scene, the as near very and justifiable tirade rebuke oughly and 1938: continent a though an ocean and had

fate, neglistupidity, chance, against been eliminated, which, indeed, they gence, the sun, the salt, the weather, Faster and Faster had been, insofar as sound may subCaptain Eyston drives a car at 347 miles salt flats the an across of fast hour Utah, so sight. stitute for message Her came CAPTAIN THE CATCHES CAMERAMAN EYSTONS that the left photographers'are planes beAS IT SPEEDS "THUNDERBOLT"THROUGH to to him from by telephone London in his hind at inthat wake. Driving speed ON THE MEASURED MILE THE BONNEVILLE after hour or so Utah, an Wendover, FLATS IN UTAH. SALT 758) (Concluded on page

JPul (RsdtWlTL 0$, SOLOMON CROSLEY

'HE STORY OF A MAN WHOSE BETTER SELF HAD GONE AFAR

AND SUDDENLY CAME BACK ONE CHRISTMAS.

By OLIVE looked wearily at the straight, unMAIBEN NICHOLES herselfyieldingtobackspeak.before she could trust

"There's twofifty left, and with today's eggs I believe we could painstaking care. He stood lookmanage something for June and

ing at her, the blood slowly mountBuddy. The boys'll have to wait.

ing to his forehead. She looked They did so want their caps and

tired and thin and fadednot much sweaters for the Festival tomorrow left of her girlish beauty. Only her night. Do you think you could ride

hair, still like spun silk, rippled over into town on the bay? He wouldn't

her ears—one tiny, golden crescent spare the boys."

curled over her cheek. He longed Marty whirled about like a wild

to kiss it, to take her in his arms, thing. "Ma! How could you let

to look with hope into her brimhim get by with a thing like that?

Crosley set ming eyes. Why had he done this He just gets worse and worse. Why

it's four years since hethe two shining s'jlomonmilk pails on the thing? Why didn't she throw the it's—yes,

table with one hand as he drew a silver in his face; kick the milk pails spoke a decent word to anyone."

handful of small change and a reout of the door; tear the receipt into "Yes,"her Mother answered, "It

ceipted bill from his pocket with bits and stamp them under her feet? is four years, come March."

the other. His anger mounted like a flame withMeanwhile, Solomon had entered

"Well, there's yer Christmas,"in him as he turned on his heel and the stables. Two boys, one fifteen

he grumbled, slapping the bill and stumbled into the yard. the other thirteen years, were noisthe money down beside the pails. Molly watched him go—someily cleaning the stalls, jostling each

Mother Molly Crosley wiped thing akin to love battling against other with their elbows, scuffling her hands on the corner of her the tumult in her heart. Oh, how and giggling over each pitchforkbrown denim apron and took the long would it be before the miracle load of compost.

blue slip of paper to the kitchen would happen! How could he! How "Well, what kind o'party do ya

window. could he! The hens were hers; she call this?"he demanded, sternly.

separator?''she asked, "A new had caredspring—throughfor them throughthe long, thehot He's"Teachin'purty slowJim learnin'the foxthetrot,steps,"Pa.in surprise. pleased needstormy "We've

ed one for months and months."days of summer. She had saved laughed the eldest boy, upsetting

"Fifteen down and the balance every egg, denying herself even the younger brother with the fork at ten a month. Fur as the eggone for breakfast, until the two new handle.

money would take it,"he snapped. cases were filled with the precious Solomon stepped quickly to his

She gasped, caught at the table load. Then, she had made out her son's side and struck him a stingfor support, her eyes searching his list. They would bring her ten ing blow across the mouth. The

staggered against the stall,scowling face for some reassurance dollars apiece at the market-—twenboy

that her fears were false. ty dollars for clothes for her chilstaring at his father with incredulous

dren, and a tiny bit of Christmas amazement, "But the list—the presents for cheer. If she had only gone herself, Solomon stared back, his heart

the children?"she pleaded. but that had been impossible. Solsick within him, then turned and

"You've been a-grumblin'at omon had to pay the taxes and one made his way dizzily to the granleaky buckets and a rattlin'sep'- trip must suffice for many errands. ary. His hands trembled so he

rator long 'nough. Time ye was She straightened herself with an could scarcely carry the grain to

takin'some of yer eggmoney fer effort and looked across the room the horses. When he did finally

somethin'useful 'stead of blowin'where her daughter, Martha, stood reach the stable, he leaned heavily it on geegaws fer Christmas."cleaning chickens at the kitchen against old Major's glossy flanks,

"Shoes and sweaters and caps sink. Molly could not see her face racked with fear.

are useful,"she argued, with trembut the vigorous jerks of the round, "Whatever made me do that?"

bling lips. "There were only a few young arms gave evidence enough he gasped. "I could've spoke and

trifles for Buddy and June."of the anger and indignation within he'd o'listened. Dave's a good

She could speak no further, but her. It was getting more difficult boy. It'll be the horses next. I

gathered the money into her hand each day to stand as a "buffer"bemust be goin'crazy."

piece by piece, counting it with tween Martha and her father. She Molly was busy with the dinner.

K&A. SPZ>. /%? /2%>A '

AND SO IT WAS THAT AN HOUR LATER, THE

LOAFERS, BASKING IN THE WARMTH OF THE

AIRTIGHT STOVE, WERE STARTLED ALMOST

OUT OF THEIR WITS, WHEN HE WALKED UNSTEADILY INTO PEDERSON'S EMPORIUM. NOT

ONCE IN FOUR YEARS HAD HE CROSSED

THAT THRESHOLD. NOW HE STOOD THERE,

WHITE AND HAGGARD.

the countryside, the huge silo and rambling sheepsheds, the numerous granaries, bursting with tons of corn and wheat, barley and oats.

A Jersey bull, in his wellbuilt pen, grumbled ominously. A dozen

sleek cows lay on the sunny slopes of the pasture beyond. A hundred

wellbred sheep cropped leisurely at the dry grass. Only the coops,

decayed and tumbling to pieces, broke the pastoral harmony of the scene.

He took his bank book from his pocket and glanced at the latest "Better go after another load; balance. Not so bad, with the twenbe stormin'in a day or so,"he ty new acres all paid for. Hansen

muttered. "Do me good to get had been loath to sell at such a low

out in the hills, too."figure, but the Doctor had warned

delay day's meant that every him setting table he theMarty when later as minutes he drove few A life. If his would Turner from years pulled kitchen. theentered up He at gates the great the through team

sell three thousand, would for he gesture. chair witha impatient an lane. spied of the the end Buddy

still a thousand have left—enough to set the hastened motherThe pile. tothe ran from sand him He a for the pens lambing and new girl him, before thefood but walked his as as the quickly ward wagon fool. land His a Turner pump. was forth,leisurely the laying back and legs him, carry fouryear-old could year worthless growing more was exasperatingcovers with slowness. the brushing the from chubby sand year. by in. looked boys Marty cameThe little fingers against patched the his book, from glanced up He inat horrified surprise, Dave little his of seat blue faded and his soof object find the to startled her, father'scaught her eyes upon overalls. not him. before had liloquy He disgust. turnedand with away Pa, take he me, me,"beg- "Take this the road, take but to meant

ged, coming close to the wagon horses had turned in at the lower

JLhe meal progressed wheel and holding up his arms to lane while he was busy with his swiftly, each one anxious to be be lifted. figures. He looked across the fields

through and away from the im- "Pa can't take you this time, at John Turner's home, huddled pending storm. It broke at last, for Buddy. I'm goin'a long way."under the sweeping boughs of the

Marty, rising, turned on her father Then, seeing the crestfallen little ancient elms. Two dilapidated

with reckless fury. figure, he whispered, "I'll get a little sheds leaned wearily against the

"You can't break me, Pa, as Christmas tree. Ya know, ya must gaunt sides of the huge, unpainted

you're doing the rest. I'm of age not see yer Christmas things. Ya barn, almost empty of either straw

next week and I'm going away. I'll can shut the gate fer Pa, too."or hay. A lone cow cropped hunday—acome backgoodandwomanget Ma,hastoo,no someright hisBuddyface wreathedbacked obedientlyin smiles. away,Sologrilythe tumbledownat the lank, fence.dry weedsBeyondalongthe

to live in the same house with you."mon halted his team long enough house lay the impoverished fields,

He was too horrified to speak. to see the bar glide into place and rimmed by the rocky ledge from

He got to his feet with an effort the little boy resume his play. He which gushed the clear waters of

and passed out into the afterturned in the wagon seat and lookthe spring. Just beyond the cruel,

noon sunshine. Everything seemed ed behind him at the richness and barbed fence gushed lifegiving

his at the of possessions.vague, unreal. vastness The He stopped its the grass course water—along the filled to the stacking red two, great, barnswoodpile and began freshly green. and cress grew

cut lengths with minutest detail. ridgepoles with the finest hay in (Continued on page 759)

0jv ihsL SiM&L I by joseph jacobs CA\V/'vL-L-LL/FH \JTRAIfHT"I IX/ Vl Vjl * PresidentPresident ofof thethe PatestineSurianPalestine-Syrian

Mission in, (DomaMJUA.

said unto him, A nd the Lord Arise, and go into the street which is called Straight, and enquire in the house of judas for one called saul, of Tarsus.... Acts 9:11.

for six units, piasters, the cost price."(One U. S. cent is worth

1.75 piasters.)

THE "STREET CALLED STRAIGHT"That is a little high, so we offer

IN DAMASCUS. him three. Maybe three is too high

at that. "Three units, impossible! Why,

friend, the original cost of it is six.

is more what And to Damascus, as take as I went bars heart your many deRecently will the launch merchant Here sires. aren't brothers? Why, we city in the oldest world, the starts story. long from a upon He help yourself in and put them visit of the to our Just all members Father through Abraham down brief case."your "street the There, on Bible, there. the prophets in the orChurch Mocalled Straight,"one becomes vivhammed and his successors, then

idly aware of the difference among through the New Testament, and customs and people, particularly if swears by every saint mentioned one desires to purchase anything: therein to the effect that he will lose

if you five and onehalf units, but for ourastance—orientalbar of perfumedperfume,soap in this inmoney if he lets us have it for even

please. It is not the artificial perfriendship he will let us have it for

fume, such as manufactured from that.

drugs or other chemicals, and sold We hesitate a little and start in Paris, but natural perfume, preto walk off. This time he calls on

pared from flowers and leaves. the souls of his departed ancestors

This is the same street to which and all the saints that are on the

Apostle Paul was directed by the calendar to witness the loss he is

Lord, to go to the house of one Ansuffering by letting us have it for anias to have his eyes healed. The that amount. We are not constreet has a high arch or vault of THROUGHOUTSIDE VIEWWHICH OFTHETHEAPOSTLEFAMOUSPAULWINDOWWAS (Concluded on page 756)

LET DOWN feet. is dimlyabout fifty The street CITY APOSTLE GATE THE WHICH THROUGH USED TO SUPPORTIN A BASKET.THIS ANCIENTSCAFFOLDINGRUIN. IS THE LED, TO HOUSE THE WHILE BLIND, WAS PAUL orlighted small openings from

ANANIAS. OF

cracks in the arch. There is no sideWell now, that is something we

walk proper, so we walk right never thought of. But we insist on

through the street wherever we find knowing the value of the soap to an opening. The street is anything give him something in return.

but straight. Every fifty feet or so "Oh, well, if you insist, you may

there is a small turn. give anything you please."

A little way down on the right "Anything?"

side, there are the stores which No, he will not mention any handle the soap. We glance at it amount. Just give him what you

sidewise. Instantly the proprietor please and whatever you give will

is by us, like the spider that has be satisfactory.

caught a fly in its web. He pleads "Well, if that is the case we will

with us to take the article because not take the proffered bar,"and of ancient friendship or for the sake we walk on.

of future friendship which we shall "Just a minute, where are you have with him. We ask him the going? Here, this bar of soap is the

price. very special bar which I have been

"Oh, the price. Well, now, isn't saving for my very select customthat a humiliating question? Who ers, and of course you are one of

said anything about the price? Can them. And since you are my very

such a thing as price be asked of best friend, and insist on giving me a brother? Why, for shame! Just something, I will let you have it

JhsL NATIVE BLOOD By ALBERT R. LYMAN

Another gripping story comes from out of the southwest by the author of "the

Outlaw of Navajo Mountain."

inTHEthe STORYland of THUSthe Navajos,PAR: whereDown the

great, shapes weird of Monument Valley craving for new items of information VIVORSBOTH HORSEOF THEANDDESERTMAN ANDAREITSSTURDYDESOLATION.SURthepunctuate skyline the Southwest, of

talked Blackhorse; he by courtesy used about Photo his daughter, about son Yoinsnez and and his

a trading post in of MonumentHarry Goulding.Valley. who runs live inEltceesie, neighboring him; a hogan he wanthim; he dreamed about

Husteele and his little son Peejo. But deed the mesa king for his own more

spite their in all neighborliness other things as if they together the sheep value all than he any other wanted there rivalry is a bitter between the two for like his That seemed own. were acquaintin the of his narrow world the capture of a phantom horse—Beleeh thlizhen (blackhorse)—a stallion of Arabian ance. Naturally enough, he wanted the only sensible thing to do, and

type that appeared fullgrown on HuskPeejo to tell what he and his father no one had time or vitality to agiline, theaniny on UtahArizona and Mesa of ownership. question the last ride the tate their in on had seen all his capture, defied which efforts for as Peejo soon was able to As declared they had but the boy stealth, force. whether or of trickery, As mesa,

the occupants of each hogan would attempt seen nothing, and he closed his get up from his sheepskin and staghis the of capture, other the the occupants the ger warmth from of away in unmistakable childish would square, jaw lie if to see in wait successful. they were of call pressthe he answered it. fire, to about resolution say more no theSuddenly, however, influenza dread Eltceesie, helping necessity ing by struck quite crushed Yoinsnez the hogan been of and have Yoinsnez would

the life from his son and prostrated all ready to believe they had seen noththe tenyear-old shepherdess, with others. stricken, they restless sheep. so were While His wonted in or the Pejo's ing if something words to Peejo capture again sought returned, strength not and he had old given his in the not looks had success. the without Then HusteeleBlackhorse—butand to exactly driven not been had t visited devastating the plague curihogan a strangely imagination of man's

Husteele. Ten days later, after Yoinsnez ous twist. If something very unusual work, but some burning urge of resimpelled finally had pride gained strength to olution or enough wounded then the mesa, happened not on visit had his neighbor, only elevenyear old Peejo Yoinsnez past to old shove him all intuitions of the years his had still alive. was his express to a all without and word his wrong. suddenly and gone He service free and independence by rival's their son nursing noloki II were Chapter soul youthful His no complaints. their yet as nurse own, they would

that ungrateful son, still jealous of was bursting with emotions which expresof form must some have so his father prize the had for which his towards the sion, before acted out he and S.'oftened withcontended, tenaciously was rival this ghastly scene by of death old scorned he man's what frown they, facts holding important which in his rival's hogan, took Yoinsnez to say in words. to his benefactors, deserved know. as his to Peejo nursed roof and own him early that of the cold In dayswith tender care. His noloki diIt angered the old man—the furspring the hungry flock, the longvided her time between her conrows deepened in displeasure across legged goats in particular, raced

valescent Eltceesie and the neighhis retreating forehead, and his long over the hills in frantic resolution bor's son, developing for him someteeth became visible between his to find every green twig or blade what of the kind of love expressed parted lips. He couldn't tell just within their wide territory. The

by her devoted service. why, even when his trusting noloki two children, barefooted or with

With the cherished hope of banasked for his reason, but somehow ragged moccasins, followed them ishing the invisible monster from Peejo's story didn't ring true. pantingly yet determinedly mile

their neighborhood, Yoinsnez burnThe emergency he had to meet after mile. This was to them no

ed Husteele's home with all its was quite enough without this vexmatter for wonderment or protest;

dreadful images curled or sprawling ing phase of it, for after losing his it was but the regular school from around its gray ashes. From his own son and having no help even which all fit Navajos had to gradusheepskin by the fire Peejo could see from the little girl to tend his own ate, the hard grill to which their

through the doorway the hateful horses and sheep, he had to care fathers and mothers had subscribed black smoke, and beyond it the for his neighbor's son as well as for as the necessary proof they were mighty hand raised solemnly against his neighbor's sheep and horses. So fit to live.

the skyline. he put all the horses together and (Continued on page 764)

main, and return freely thou be permitted.") and says, "HussJim. was taken unconditionally under the PROTESTORS protection of the emperor and the

empire, as it speaks not only of his journey to Constance but also of his return home15 unharmed from Constance."The best case for the emOF CHRISTENDOM peror and the council is presented

by Funk; however it is doubtful if

the case is any better for the defense: "The safeconduct granted

to Huss by Sigismund promised proCONTINUED tection for the journey, for the return journey only on the assumption that place. it took also, emperor The by

of mouth, promised a free By JAMES L BARKER word Huss

Head of the Department of Modern Languages at hearing, probably even in the case of the University of Utah, and a member of the GenHuss's refusing to submit to the ruleral Board of the Deseret Sunday School Union ing of the council. This promise

was, however, not valid according to canon [church] law. The council claimed a right to deal with Huss

[it did so expressly September 25, 1415], in spite of the formal escort provided by the sovereign; on the

other hand it dismissed as untenable the view that promises made to heretics generally are not binding, and the emperor could not gainsay it without endangering the continuance of the assembly. Hence the impossibility in which the emperor found

himself of fulfilling his verbal promise must absolve him from 18the imputation of unfaithfulness."

Huss could have remained in Bohemia, concealed, if not openly, as he and the knight of Chlum maintained at his hearing, but he considered it to be his duty to defend himself against the charge of heresy.

Setting out before receiving the emperor's safeconduct, Huss arrived in Constance, November 3, and his his arrival to friends announced JohnTHE HUSS MONUMENT, PRAGUE, ERECTED IN individual to follow the dictates of1915 IN HONOR OF JOHN HUSS, CZECH THE three XXIII, days who had arrivedREFORMER, WHO WAS BURNED AT THE STAKE his own conscience. before. IN 1415.

The emperor Sigismund was desirous of stamping out heresy in BoHuss took quarters in the home of

Thewaspurposeto effectof thethecouncilunificationof Pisaof hemiaHuss toandappearsent twobeforeknightsthe tocouncil.invite awaspoorsurprisedwidow byto thesee citythe wallpompandof

the church, to bring about cerHe urged his brother, King Wenprelates and princes as they arrived tain reforms that had been long deceslaus of Bohemia, to send Huss to in Constance. Immediately Huss's

sired and which many, both orthodox Constance; he promised to furnish enemies sought to influence the counand unorthodox, had sought to find a Huss with a safeconduct, and "He cil against him; among the most acmeans of accomplishing, and to caused Huss to be informed... tive was Wenzel Tiem whom Huss

stamp out heresy. John XXIII hoped that he would make sufficient prohad opposed in the sale of indulthe council would recognize him as vision for his being heard before the gences.

pope and thus bring about unity. In council, and that if he did not subHuss stood for the rights of the

this he was disappointed; the council mit to the decision of the council, he individual conscience, and the coundeposed him and elected another. would send14 him back unharmed to cil, representing the church, for auReforms were not accomplished. The Bohemia."thority. Chancellor Gerson and

new pope dissolved the council beNeander quotes the instrument others desired the reformation of fore any serious reforms were unrelating to Huss's journey to and the church and were willing to place dertaken, though the sessions of the from Constance: "Ut ei transire, the council above the pope to secure

council lasted from 1414 to 1418. In stare, 15 morari, redire libere permitreform, but they were not willing

the attempt to stamp out heresy, tatis"(That there to go, stay, rethat private judgment should assert

John Huss and Jerome of Prague 14NeanderTorrey, Church History, vol. IX, II, p. (Continued on page 757)

of burned. 458:were Both them gave

18Berger 13NeanderTorrey, Church History, vol. IX, II, p. in Funk, A Manual of Church History, vol.their lives to affirm right the of the II, 458. p. 37.

The story of our HYMNS

The Author In 1828 began what was termed into the Oxford movement which

D. PYPER Henry plunged John was Newman

its central soonThethelifeauthorof JohnofHenry"Lead,Newman,Kindly GeneralBy GEORGESuperintendent figure. and Deseret became of the

Light,"is full of gentleness, Sunday School Union and First AssistHe finally insisted upon a "recognidoubt, courage, and faith. He was ant Chairman of the Church Music tion of an unbroken connection beborn in London, February 21, 1801. Committee tween the primitive church and the

His father was a banker and his church of England."It was during

mother a descendant of the HugueXXXV. this controversy that he, in Decemnots. As a child he was timid and ber, 1 832, took a vacation to South- <&acL, Jtindli 3UqPdi ern Europe. Along the beautifullike many other boys had a superstitious fear of being left alone in the Mediterranean coast he became spirdark. At the early age of seven he Words by itually disquieted. The Liberal

entered a private school; at eight he JOHN HENRY NEWMAN movement fretted him. He longed

read Scott's stories in bed at early to get back to England to battle dawn; at eleven he wrote a drama, Music by against religious indifference. He

and at fourteen a burlesque opera. JOHN B. DYKES fell ill of a fever and when partly

Music was a part of the Newman recovered took passage from Palerfamily life. He played the violinmo, Sicily, for Marseilles. The ship

cello and "could follow the melody LEAD, KINDLY LIGHT was becalmed a whole week in the of a complicated symphony."At an By Rev. John H. Newman straits of Bonifacio between Sardinia

early age the spirit of disputation was and Corsica, and there at sea, on displayed in the publication of LEAD, kindly Light, amid the enJune 16, 1833, he wrote "Lead, papers called The Spy and the AntiLeadcirclingThou megloom,on! Kindly Light."

Spy, each written against the other. The night is dark, and I am far from Upon his return to England, Newhis activity in the He was converted to the English LeadhomeThou me on! man, resuming

Church at fifteen, and later wrote Keep Thou my feet; I do not ask to Liberal fight, gradually argued him-

"I am still more certain of it than see self out of the Church of England, that I have hands and feet."He The distant scene—one step enough and became a Catholic. He left

entered Trinity College, at Oxford, for me. Oxford in 1845, and journeyed to

December 14, 1816, and is said to I was not ever thus, nor prayed that Rome, where he was ordained a have been "shy, quiet, unattractive, Thou priest with the degree of Doctor of lead me on; eyes Shouldst face in which twowith a timid

to I loved choose silver and see my path; RectorDivinity.of Inthe1854Catholiche was Universityappointed specblinked rimmed behind but now

tacles."Lead Thou me on! at Dublin, Ireland.

of the garish In and, spite at day, I loved 1879, the of 76, age he was became At twentyeight Newman fears, created a Cardinal XIII. by Leo Pope University St. thevicar of Mary's, not ruled Pride remember my* will; in died Birmingham, England, He years! past for at preached Oxford, andChurch

11, 1890. August

fifteen to flocked years. Students

hear him, among whom were GladSo longsure itThystill powerwill leadhathme bleston, me, The Hymn stone and Froude. Gladstone af- O'er moor and fen, o'er crag and Tt is extremely interesting to read

till torrent, said; were sermons "Histerwards spiritually, unrest, of the among

is night gone, alThe his eyes read were andalways people of England America and with the morn those angel faces the And take book. the bent on Butways first half during the of the nineteenth smile,

the man as a whole there was a stamp Which I have loved long since, and century. In England, the Oxford

and seal upon him; there was a lost awhile! movement stirred the souls of men.

solemn sweetness and music in his In America the cry of "lo here and lo tone; there was a completeness in there"caused much excitement and

the figure, taken together with the and Disraeli classed him "the most disquiet among the people. And in

tone and manner, which made even remarkable religious teacher to have the midst of the great unrest a new his delivery singularly attractive."appeared in England for several cenprophet appeared on the religious

Froude likened him to Julius Caesar, turies."(Concluded on page 754)

LOOKING By ROSE W. BENNETT

Of the Church Beautification TOWARD Committee

HILE I crossed the Great Desert by autoAmerican OF SUBDUING, A CENTURY 1947 XTEARLY fifty miles mobile, at an CULTIVATING, REDEEMING,Whour, my mind reverted to the PioBEAUTIFYING, SOWING AND REAPING, AND SPREADING OUT OVER THE neers, walking fifteen miles a day BARREN WASTES AND EVEN SO, THERE ARE STILL WASTE PLACESin heat and dust—-tomorrow and TO BE REDEEMED AND UNSIGHTLY PLACES TO BE BEAUTIFIED, AS

tomorrow the desert—their final WE LOOK TOWARD THE CENTURY MARK.destination still the desert—in their

minds the vivid picture of the comfortable homes, fruitful fields, and smiling gardens of Nauvoo "The

Beautiful."Awaiting them was the

almost impossible task of making the barren and forbidden desert blossom like a rose.

Their wise leaders brought seeds of trees, vegetables, and grains.

Some of the women brought a few seeds of dearly loved flowers from their forsaken gardens. When the

tiny log cabin or adobe house was built, they eagerly planted some of the precious seeds, and more eagerly watched for the tender shoots and opening leaves, seeing in imagination the longedfor blossoms. When DESERT LANDSCAPE

they came literally into bloom, their labor with our might to redeem and From a painting by j. B. Fairbanks.

joy was too deep for words, but beautify our homes, our churches, brought tears of thanksgiving and and other public buildings, our comUniversity of Utah, the B. Y. U. of

love for the soil that responded to munities, stakes, wards, our highProvo, our state and federal agencies the longing for beauty in their ways, roads, streets, bridges, ditch for roads, forests, etc.

weary, hungry, beautyloving hearts. banks, recreation centers, parks The Forestry Department can

My mother came from England, whatever needs our care, before the help with trees, shrubs, evergreens, a land of forests, beautiful parks, hundredth anniversary of the coming etc., that may be available for use in

and gardens. From earliest childof the Pioneers. Shall we meet the beautification of our local surroundhood, I remember her garden. How challenge? Shall all the desert blosings.

joyfully she dug, planted, and nursom and be glad? Our answer is yes! There are many fine articles in our

tured it. She loved the soil, and The next question is, how shall daily newspapers. (See M. I. A.

it responded gladly to her care. we begin? The first step is organAdult Department Manual 193839

Common or rare, everything grew. ization. This step has already been for its beautification project.

Her small corner of the desert blostaken by the Church in the Church Our next step is to make a thorsomed beautifully and gladdened all Welfare Program. The committees ough survey of our own local setup,

who looked on it. appointed by the presidents of stakes conditions and surroundings, county,

Her story is the story of all the and bishops of wards are the macity, stake or ward,

Pioneers. As a result, today our chinery by which these programs are We must list carefully the good

desert is clothed in beauty. to be actively promoted in the and bad, the beautiful and the ugly,

Time, the relentless, has told off Church. the necessary and the useless, the

the years until almost a century has The State of Utah has effected a desirable and the undesirable; things

slipped into the past since the comsimilar organization for the beautito be repaired, things to be destroying of our ancestors into the wilderfication of our communities in comed. We must catalog all our local

ness—a hundred years of subduing, memoration of the onehundredth natural resources-—where and how

cultivating, redeeming, beautifying, anniversary of the coming of the they are to be obtained and also our sowing and reaping, growing, and Pioneers; so there are many agencies human resources: our leaders—civic

spreading out over the barren wastes. at our disposal for the forwarding religious, recreational, professional;

But there are still waste places to be of our program. Just to mention a people in every line of endeavor

redeemed and established, comfew: necessary to put over our project.

munities to be renovated, improved, The state will furnish us with its We may organize committees of men and made more beautiful. Our program, and a list of agencies workand women under the established

borders have extended; new coming on the project. Church Welfare Committee, and set

munities have arisen; much pioneer We have our own comprehensive to work. If we begin with the things

labor must still be done. program, furnished by the Church that most need improving and beau1847-1 947. Soon comes 1 939. Less to stake and ward committees. tifying, we shall more quickly show

than nine years remain in which to The U. S. A. C. of Logan, the the improvement in our community.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1938

Now for action! that are natural in your vicinity

From the survey made and tabucould also be planted in this way, lated, let us make a comprehensive and these natural hedges would add community program, to include pubthe beauty to our fields that makes lic buildings, churches, homes, facthe European landscape so lovely;

tories, farms, recreational centers, and would also provide fruit, as in parks, highways, and set committees the Pioneer days. Also, along these

or organizations to work on the parhedges we could drop seeds of wild ticular work assigned to them. and yellow, goldenasters—purple

In the planting of flowers, shrubs, rod, sunflowers, poppies, larkspur, and trees, we should find out what bachelor's buttons, cosmos and many was planted by the Pioneers who first other flowers you can think of that came into our section of the country, seed themselves after the first plantand plant some of them again in our ing. Year after year, they give

gardens, and thus keep alive the beauty to the landscape, and afford spirit and beauty representative of heaps of cut flowers for home and our Pioneers. church decoration.

If you have many rocks about, "Pvery Pioneer garden had its herb make a rock garden, or use them for patch near the house where borders about your garden. Stack

mint, sage, savory, catnip, and many them in a corner and fill the crevices other savory and sweetscented with soil, and plant them with low herbs grew. Often also lavender, growing flowers or creeping plants, SHRUBS,GARDEN ATPATHTHEBORDEREDHOME OF THEBY FLOWERSAUTHOR, ROSEAND

lemon plant, sweetscented geraniivy, etc. If you have many, and W. BENNETT.

um, old man, and a broadleafed they are large rocks, make your diplants, and systematically plant them sweetscented plant we called "old vision fences of them; or, if rocks are at intervals sufficiently close to aswoman."Then among the flowers put in front of fence plantings, they sure a continual stretch of color.

will flags, the plants rocket, keep within find bounds. sweet wouldone Buttercups, monkey flowers—many Flat ideal slippers, roses, rocksstocks, the lady dry paths moss make find there, and, at inun- others you will

vivid yellow rose with its sharp, der clothes lines, and if there is lawn tervals, the lordly cattail, bullrush, rather bitter perfume. The first to set them in, beauty is also added. kept within bounds, also the lovely

shrubsettlers the used much also have must recommended One Iris (flags) a ditch love bank—and for planting grounds, that shrubs in homeflowers and and trees clear there for here church a space and

grew about them. and public grounds, parks, etc.; in healthgiving watercress. Beyond

Thrift and beauty are good comfact, any place where a shrub is dethe ditch, near the fence, trees, napanions. Nature puts on a new sirable, is the lilac. It is diseasetive shrubs, sunflowers, bee flowers

dress each spring. If you can't proof, beautiful in blossom, or as a (Cleome), goldenrod, wild asters,

shrub, will leafypaint up. anywhere, grow up, whitewash lovely blue flower seen chicory—the is not hard to care for. of currant and other fruitand Hedges There in flowers are (blue some localities

bearing shrubs could mark the are many varieties to choose from, rare, and should be cultivated),boundaries around the farm, and the and many shades of color—from hollyhocks, cosmos, and castor

division fences between fields, along white, through light purple to almost beans. There should be no ugly vairrigation ditches, around the home red. The Persian variety is the most cant spots about a home.

vegetable garden, around the farm satisfactory of all. There are many

buildings, and along the roadside other desirable flowering shrubs. T et us use all available local refence. Shrubs, trees, and flowers Along the ditches that run beside so sources before sending elsewhere

are for materials. Remember, we of let our roads, country many us

ATFOUNTAIN ROCK GARDEN AND THE HOME locality; are pioneers in our own we the gather of the seeds native water AUTHOR, ROSE W. BENNETT. OF THE

on our metal; resolved to make our

community peculiar to itself, and famous for the things of value it has and certain flowers or fruits, does—perhapslivestock, farm products,

—homeshandicrafts,builtorofotherlocalculturalmaterialsthingsand

planted with native trees and shrubs, as far as possible.

As home owners we should first improve and beautify our own homes, and surroundings, and then help our neighbor, if he needs help. We

should find a use, through our committees or clubs, for all surplus plants, seeds, and shrubs. Homegrown seeds are fresh and full of

life. In saving seeds, it is wise to

allowripen—theyonly thearefirstusuallyfew seedthepodsbest.to

Then we should cut off all other (Concluded on page 744) THE CHURCH IN

NEW YORK BAY BETWEEN MANHATTAN AND

GOVERNOR'S ISLAND, ABOUT AS IT APPEARED

IN PARLEY P. PRATT'S TIME.

FORthea centuryspiritualtheandChurchsocialhasneedsmet By WILLIAM L WOOLF of its people in the rural West. Of the New York Stake Presidency

What has it to offer the urban East?

Such was the challenge four years jpor nearly a century the church has met the spiritual ago, after when, hundred one and social and its needs of in people the rural west. four years, the a organized Church it has to offer What the East? urban it do can What

its stake birth. in the state of And in its state the of 's the world greatest metropbirth—in such continues challenge to the be OLIS? WILL WORLD look The for TO an THIS ANSWER QUESTION.

today, because never before or since has a stake been organized in such a populous or congested area—and

here will look for the world an anhave reached their homes in the swer to this question. morning hours, the soberheaded

early workers started have to repeat a Stake occupies York The New the inward of rush another day. strip of water land and one hundred From dawn to dawn, this rushing to miles long by forty wide. It includes

fro has and netted the transportation all of the city of Greater York, New companies million ten fares, a figure Metropolitan Jersey, WestNew to maintain strapchester County, of the whole Long welldesigned

Island, and draws from the north as hanging in top place among New

City's sports."York "indoorfar as Stamford, Connecticut. More the But has netted day more thanthan miles four of coast hundred

fares. vishundred thousand Oneline its embroider eastmeandering

will in registered have six hunitsern spite boundaries. of In geoitors

dred hotels with one hundred fiftygraphic extensiveness, however, the thousand rooms. a quarOne andgreat majority of reside ffi>i*sm chum*. its members

ter million school children will havewithin an area twenty miles square, to school, dodged exposed themsituated to in the heart of the metroselves education, modern andpolitan district.

ventured home again. The stock

In this area is concentrated a exchange will have done a business population of eleven million people. of $10,000,000. Seventeen million

From daybreak till 10 a. m., its three mmwJt/mi dollars worth of goods will have

million breadwinners converge on in city's been manufactured the city'sthe laboring centers by boat, retail EXTERIOR, MANHATTAN CHAPEL many factories; and stores

train, trolley, automobile, taxi, eleemploying four hundred thousand vated lines, buses, and subways. like the pulling force of the moon, people will have sold two million

From 4 p. m. to 6 p. m., the homereverse the human tide, this time to dollars worth of goods. Ten million

ward journey radiates its human reconverge on the city's amusement dollars in merchandise, silver, or waves in a fanlike pattern back to places. By 11 p. m., the outbound gold will have been imported or exthe city's dwelling places. By 7:30 current is strong again, but before ported through the Lower Bay, and

p. m., the bright lights of Broadway, the last lingering outbound revelers Uncle Sam will have collected on

CITYNEW YORK

LOWER NEW YORK TODAY AS SEEN FROM THE BAY pression of the play. Two and a day Saints. Of the total population,

quarter million descendants of Judah one in every six thousand is a Morimported goods a half million dolwalk the boards, and three hundred mon. If this same ratio prevailed

lars in duties. One murder will thousand who bear the mark of in Utah, Salt Lake City would have

have been committed, forty felonies, Ham. Of the foreign born, a half twenty, Ogden five, and Logan two.

and two thousand lesser crimes. million Russians share a bow with

Three people will have committed half a million men of Italy, and a TXho are these two thousand who, suicide; ten to fifteen will have died quarter million sons of Erin balance living in the world, knowing

of alcoholism, and ten times as many the stage against a quarter million what it has to offer, are by choice from other causes. Two hundred Poles. In diminishing numbers are followers of Jesus and believers in

couples will have been married. Germany's proand antiNazis, a modern prophet? As you may

Three hundred babies will have been Great Britain's English, Scotch, and have surmised, their backgrounds born in two hundred hospitals. One Welsh; men from Austria; Norare as diverse as those of the people

hundred fires will have broken out; wegians, Swedes, and Danes, and among whom they live, their differthe city governments will have borrepresentatives of every country on ences being limited only by their

rowed, or otherwise acquired, three the globe. numbers. Among them are to be

million dollars, and twenty thousand Among these teeming millions, not found descendants of the early policemen will have had a very busy unlike the proverbial needle in a Church stalwarts; grandsons or

day. haystack, are two thousand men and great grandsons of Hyrum Smith,

Among the actors in this pageant women who term themselves LatterBrigham Young, Heber C. Kimball,

of the masses are men and women of Jedediah M. Grant, Bishop Edward

Partridge, George Cannon, SECOND Q. PRESIDENCY STAKE YORK OF NEW race. every In fact, a forhuman (LEFT TO RIGHT): WILLIAM FIRST Erastus Snow, Lyman, Amasa M. is first eign accent imPRESI- COUNSELOR; a visitor's FLETCHER,L. WOOLF, DR. HARVEY

DENT; IVOR SHARP, SECOND COUNSELOR.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1938

verted ancestors to American shores.

Overlooking its broad expanse.

President Frank Evans and Mrs.

Evans and an efficient office force are comfortably housed, as they labor to keep the Mission efficient in every respect.

The New York Stake, with which the Mission has no official connection, is divided into four wards, two independent and two dependent branches: Queens, Brooklyn, East

Orange, and Manhattan wards, Bay

Ridge, Westchester, North Jersey, and Ocean Side branches.

The fourth largest ward is Manhattan, which shares with the stake a beautiful and spacious chapel in a

Street. hotel at 76th Broadway The PRESIDENCYFIRST YORK STAKE NEW

FIRST COUNoffice S. BENNION, are rented (LEFT Here also are located the headchapel church RIGHT): and HOWARDTO

SELOR; FRED greatfull-time basis, providing aHAGLUND,

facilities for SECONDG. TAYLOR,COUNSELOR.PRESIDENT; HAKON sion.quartersA ofvaliantthe Easternband ofStatescrusadersMislyon union appreciated

have borne the Gospel standard in meetings, quarterly conferences, Wells, General Brothers,the Pratt list includ- a partial York City, New office, bishop's stake president's people, others. These like ing P. Pratt, Parleyand many Orson office, Pratt, offices, and stake employment

some thirty per cent, of the New Samuel Brannan, Wilford Woodall ward functions. Its gymnasium

York Stake population, are westruff, John Taylor, William H. Miles, is in constant use, its being the only Yorkern Richards, born and reared, Samuel John Pingree, but New W. in at all times the stake gymnasium

areers P. Kesler, There H. William by adoption. also Alonzo Smart, available to stake membership.

many converts, comprising the E. H. Snow, John G. McQuarrie, is convenient to Columbia UniverIt

Americanborn or local Saints, and sity, where several members of the converts from overseas, including Church are usually enrolled. ManGermans, Swiss,Scandinavians, dihattan about evenly Ward is others.Dutch, Czechs, and students unmarried between vided

Their occupations are as diverse and young people from the West as their backgrounds. Among them and converts of German descent.

are scientists, teachers, engineers, It is fully organized and led the lawyers, doctors, artists, architects, Church last year in fast offerings builders, manufacturers, accountper capita. It entertains many visants, stenographers, insurance men, itors and investigators and spares

furriers, tailors, restauranteurs, seano effort to conduct programs with men, superintendents, decorators, appeal to all classes in the great promoters, brokers, real estate men, metropolis.

salesmen, inventors, investment advisers, bankers, statisticians, econoTThese thriving wards and branches mists, buyers, musicians, dancers, have not been built in a day.

actors, taxidermists, authors, clerks, (Continued on page 754) and scores of others. During the INTERIOR MANHATTAN WARD CHAPEL

week, they ply their trades to earn a living among the city's millions. PARLEY P. PRATT, WHO INTRODUCED THE

But on Sunday, they are glad to RESTORED GOSPEL TO NEW YORK CITY meet together in an atmosphere enBen E. Rich, Walter P. Monson,

tirely different, where the law of George W. McCune, B. H. Roberts,

the brother's keeper supersedes the Henry H. Rolapp, James H. Moyle,

law of competition, and the law of Don B. Colton, and Frank Evans.

gain gives way to the golden rule. The Mission Home is situated at

The meetinghouse is an oasis where 155 Riverside Drive, overlooking the the Priesthood takes control, shutfamous Hudson River, the inland ting out the contentious "isms"of route to a great continent, and for the times—a place, where one's spirit three centuries the prize of kings.

gains new strength feeding on the Through this harbor, for a hundred

Word of God, and one quaffs again years have passed more Saints imat the fountain of Him who said, migrating to America or going to "Whosoever drinketh of the water Europe on missions than perhaps that I shall give him, shall never all other harbors combined. It was

thirst."The New York Stake is a the landing place in Brigham's day

fine example of divergent peoples of the Nevada, the Arizona, the made one in spirit, in purpose, and Wisconsin, the Manhattan, and in love through the mellowing inother famous ships, which brought fluence of the Gospel. boatload after boatload of our con730

COMMONPLACE THINGS "I would be a cinch,"A SHORT sent you a letter by me. Here it is."

I often told myself. "If I only had SHORT I showed my guest to her room,

something to stimulate ambition my ability!"for I could not,and finanSTORY Tomorrowbut I was toowasexcitednearlyto here.go to bed.Tocial reasons, pack my grip and tour morrow! The day I had always

the world the until I found about. on From now

spot, circumstance, condition and for me! desired By ROBERTA PLATT woulddreamedbe New York Newit

which would ignite the spark of my York, bright lights, dressing for dinability and hand me over to the world ners, nights at the opera, and Thres- a flaming young novice, to become, sa McDonald, the daughter of New in a few years, someone's favorite, York's wealthiest banker. She unwell-known author. So I curled up derstood and liked me. She bein an oldfashioned armchair, before lieved in me. I danced up and

a big open fireplace, and there, while down the length of the room. I

a drizzling fall rain beat a march time would write, write, write! The

measure on the windowpane, I things I would see and do would be watched the dying embers slowly my inspiration and I would write.

cool and crumble to ashes. I'd just What would Carrie think about

have to go on being another comThressa's most generous offer?

monplace young woman, because I Then I remembered Carrie's letter.

was tied to a commonplace environHastily I tore open the envelope.

ment. I pulled the robe snugly It began:

plight—thearound my legsflame andof mymournedambitionmy DearestI'm homesickBabs, tonight, so if I get sentikilled by commonplace things. mental just toss me overboard. I don't know

queer. I'm says ails me. Marg Aunt thoughts were just leading me what My

so. I says Marg queer Aunt So am—ifinto a very disagreeable mood, again. to just sick come home I'm

when they were interrupted by the often wondered if things have changedI've sound of footsteps on the porch, much. Do the kids still play ball in the

followed by a quick knock. vacant lot, and does the old woman still

Who could it be? I lifted the latch scrape her frying pan?

and opened the door. Peering out

into the darkness, I could make out JfuNNY, Carrie would rewhat appeared to be a drenched member that. I smiled as I thought

young lady. York to live with her wealthy aunt. of the queer little rock image in the

"Are you Babs?"she asked, push- "Carrie told me you were one of cliff across the fields west of the

ing back a soaked felt hat. America's minor authors."She house. When we were kids we had

"Why, yes, I am."spoke from the depths of the armpictured it as an old lady standing

"I'm Thressa McDonald. Carrie chair. in the doorway scraping out scraps

Mace told me to stop with you. "You mean she mentioned my from her frying pan to a busy little

Carrie's one of my best friends."whim to write,"I corrected. dog on the steps. I read on:

"I'm always glad to know a friend "Is it just a whim?"Gee, Babs, but wouldn't I like a dollar for

creek, pushed the waded time we've every isof Carrie's. that's about all it has Carrie of "Well, one my climbed oaks, and those through our way

I to."best told her, friends, too,"as I amounted old the that cliff, find only to old the steephelped her off with her luxurious fur "But—why?"lady had gone back in her rock house and

coat. "You'd better slip out of those "Just this,"I waved my hand closed the door behind her. I'll never forget

so disappointment was your time when there. theshoes. out the get so room, "and that around did you wet?"How red head tousled that that dropped great you

isn't to anything the car stopped become by There down "My least at for cried lap in and of yours my bend. It wouldn't budge; so I just poetic or literary about. What I twenty minutes.

bailed out and footed it."She need is something inspiring, if you Yes, Aunt Marg says I'm queer. She

laughed, "I'm always doing somesee what I mean."said any twentyyear-old girl who would

road a canyon miles over riding nine talk ofthing like this.""I do, and I know."At last some- I wouldn't person. is a queer hayrack a on

I soon had her warm and comone understood. argue with her. She wouldn't understand

fortable. She was a very pretty girl, It was with this introduction that about the memories this holds for me.

blonde and with laughing gray eyes. the conversation came to center on Do you remember, Babs? It was cool

I learned that her father was a big me and my career. The wind had inbehindthe eveningsthe mountains.after theI shallsun hadneverdroppedforget

banker in New York, and she the gone down, the rain had ceased and the times when your dad lifted us on the only child. She had met Carrie there the clock above the fireplace had wagon. He always fixed us a place with a

and the two had been great friends doled out the hour of two, before little hay and a quilt. It was as comfortable

it? seat, Rewasn't car upholstered as an since called Carrieever conversation to a close. our escaped had from we feet over our swing would member we how

this its "I forgot,""hole"nearly Thressa and commonplace Mcas singing rack, of the the moved edge we surroundings and had gone to New Donald said as she arose. "Carrie (Concluded on page 756)

IS "WINE A MOCKER

By EVA WILLES WANGSGARD

is raging, drink strong is a mocker, "Wine centimeters per excessive day, and and whosoever thereby is not first these, the and last drinkers. Of 1. wise."Proverbs is XX:deceived

were the most difficult to secure.

With the first group the difficulty

Ever since the beginnings of hislay in getting the abstainer to take tory the prophets and teachers a drink, even for experimental purof the people have been searchposes. With the last group, the difing for an effective way of combating ficulty lay in getting the subjects to

the evil of beverage alcohol, for its leave alcohol alone long enough to use has always been admittedly an get a normal reaction. The subjects

evil. The early method and the were required to be of legal age and

most usual has been for the leaders to be college graduates. The greater

to warn the people against its ill number of them were medical stueffects and to preach concerning dents and young doctors.

their slackening morals. The Greeks Next, it was necessary that the

varied this by using the example of subject be kept in ignorance concernan intoxicated slave at a banquet ing whether or not he had imbibed which the young men attended with results were published in their book, alcohol. You can readily see that

their elders. Psychological Effects of Alcohol, personal opinion would have influDuring all this time, alcohol was An Experimental Investigation of enced the results had the subject

generally considered by doctors and the Effects of Moderate Doses of been aware. Therefore, the dosage

laymen alike to be a stimulant. This Alcohol on a Related Group of of alcohol was masked in a bitter

assumption was based chiefly on NeuroMuscular Processes in Man. drink. On all the experimental days

observation. The person under the This book is now out of print, but this drink was given, but only on

influence of alcohol is characterized may be read at the libraries of the specific days was the alcohol present.

by a flushed skin and a rapid pulse. University of Utah and the Utah As a standard dose they used

These are two symptoms commonly State Agricultural College and in thirty cubic centimeters of alcohol.

linked with the effects of a stimulant. many other school and public libraIn some experiments this was inRecent investigations, however, ries throughout the nation. creased. For instance, in a twelvehave disclosed the fact that these These scientists felt that there had hour experiment the subject took

symptoms are produced by the rebeen a great deal of desultory extwelve cubic centimeters every hour laxing of the nerve control, which perimental attention given to alcohol for eight hours. In another, the

effect is the reverse of stimulation. but no exhaustive study as there had dosage was fortyfive cubic centiIn this, as in other ways, "wine is a been of proteins, carbohydrates, and meters and in a third and fourth

mocker."fats. They laid out a plan of prothe dosage was one hundred fifty

Before we proceed further let us cedure two years before they were cubic centimeters and two hundred stop to define the words stimulant able to begin their experiments and twentyfive, respectively.

and narcotic. Obviously, we can distributed that plan widely among All the experiments were conneither condemn nor condone a subthe scientists of the world. It met ducted in a specially constructed

stance intelligently or convincingly with such widespread approval that laboratory room with uniform lightuntil we can prove its nature and its they knew they had planned to fill a ing and scientific ventilation.

effects on the human system. A longfelt need. Many eminent TThe first experiment consisted in

stimulant is a drug which will rouse scientists, whom they list in their testing the kneejerk. The

the recipient to activity or which will preface, wrote encouraging letters stimulus was a sudden blow on the quicken his action. A narcotic is a and sent in helpful suggestions. petellar tendon. It was done with

depressant, causing relaxation, sleep, Of course, they met a great many a uniform percussion hammer, strikand, in sufficient quantities, death. technical and practical difficulties, ing at a uniform place, with the limb

To simplify, we might say that a but they chose their subjects with in a uniform position. Both the

stimulant renders a person more great care, eliminated such compliswing of the leg and the time of the sensitive and a narcotic makes him cations as could be eliminated, and response were measured by a scienless sensitive. in every way secured as reliable data tific apparatus. While individuals

The investigations and experias is possible to obtain from human differed widely in this test and the ments which this article discusses subjects in the time they had to same individual differed at different were conducted in the Nutrition devote to the work. They devoted times, all these variations were conLaboratory of the Carnegie Institute a year to this particular study. sidered and the results were obtained

of Washington, D. C, in Boston, They desired to try their experiwith full understanding of them.

Massachusetts, May 28th, 1915. ments on all classes of subjects, i. e., The conclusions are that even with

They were the work of Doctor Raytotal abstainers, occasional users, the dosage as low as thirty cubic mond Dodge and Doctor Francis moderate drinkers, habitual drinkers centimeters, the response was slower

G. Benedict. Their processes and who took less than thirty cubic {Continued on page 743)

TO HARRISON R. MERRILL WINGS CHRISTMAS PLEA

In Memoriam By Maud Merritt By Christie Lund Coles

By Claire Stewart Boyer IFI'dI couldfly upgrowto thea pairstars,of wings AgainI seetonightthe snowI hearlike jewelsthe Christmason the earth;bells;

in quiet the wells for tea stars; emotion Venus, I watch with

birth, at of His croquet play with remembrance Mars. Within meYoucomingwere the West! Your royal welStopAnd

To peak and gorge and waterfall and vale Remembrance of the message that He

Was picturesque and ardent as the tale I'd beg a ring from Saturn brought

Of pioneer and redman; you could bring And from Jupiter a moon Of peace and love, of brotherhood's good

New freedom to the mind whose questionAnd search the music of the spheres will;

ing To copy off a tune. The simple, ageless truths His mercy taught

Had wearied it, new courage to the frail That in the soul of man reecho still.

Heart that had wandered on the downward I'd snatch a bit of Heaven's blue trail, To tie around my waist And yet, we plan our wars, we contemplate

New hope to him whose spirit willed to sing! While seeing if the Milky Way Their inhumanities, their lust, their greed,

Was seasoned to my taste. Their awful deadly ministry of hate,

You are the West! A symbol of its might! Forgetful of man's pitiable need.

A cornerstone of granite that will keep I'd steal a bit of stardust

Tradition as an everlasting light To use in making wishes Oh, Men of Nations, let His memory still

Within our lives! You do not lie asleep! And cut a lining from a cloud... Make brotherhood a dream we must fulfill.

You live and walk as always in our sight, To help me wash the dishes.

Building the West more sure, more true, more deep! And yet... I wonder if those wings MOTHER OF A MISSIONARY

Would tangle up my apronstrings? (A Sonnet)

TO "H. R. M."By Linda S. Fletcher

By Catherine Maughan, one of his students A PRAYER SONNET *# too,Unto wouldthe Lordsing,of Hosts,as Hannahthe Mightysang ofOne,old

Olive By C.Wehr sacrificingly she brought her son When the searched shook hand and by you

the scarlet, purple, Unto Temple's gold;HE soul your let God, not forget hour one me O sing as to her unrolled Mary, And when Dear it whatever good had foundAnd little light very soon candle's my How precious of The knowledge what had God friend. your wasAnd flicker the out within night, waiting May done,

felt his poetry, sense joy and andYou all the pattern leave unfinished yet! And of matchless joy she'd motherhood And won, better to Resolved him know is falter, fret, to time to There nor no pierce Though sword anguish would and glad. wereAnd the precious waste in hours vain Nor her enfold!

delight, as these For two, heart, with dedicating figure genial school our from"A in thoughtless yet pride Nor or word of Unto Temple, son brought, have Thy my Is missing. to see soon again,"him Hope spite, yield to this him service To with ThyI says. paperThe life's one met! or half challenge evaded With prayer:

Samuel's hearing part, of ear him May be then,And But, utter remembering preciousness be his Son, like Mary's ev'ry To thought, say. they dead,""He's hour, Of every I grow O themay songs serene Then of praise will heart humbly my.".. "He's gone big, apart pettiness! every from And share!

I, with hands and thoughts both strong May

But byand-by our grief will pass, clean, and leave us thoughtfulness, and thankfulAnd SPEAKS into life's YOUTH But weave design my tiny ness immortal pattern of That the plan divine. By Delia AdamsFor knowing him. Leitnev

We'll wonder if perchance he sees us yet,- Adventuring with Jesus,

And try for worthwhile things. A challenge to my soul

To pioneer the places His life has added something to our halls. Where sin seems to control.

His memory can never pass away. The vast domains where evil

Entrenched forbids the light, Forboding, threatening, harming

LUXEMBOURG GARDENS, All efforts for the right.

CHRISTMAS DAY But oh, the call insistent (From a book to be published in December, Brings fortitude to dare "Paris Cycle.") To take the Gospel message

And prove the power of prayer.

By Ruth Harwood Christ leads and I will follow,

A feeling of utter peace pervades the NorI go forthfear thein Hishostscourageof sin:

** gardens today. The sun has come New victories to win.

forth to give a golden benediction, and the birds are joining with their own Christmas carols.

The bare trees are a delicate network FRAUDS against the sky. The blue mist, so typical By Alda Fugal Gardner

of Paris, blends the tiniest twigs into a phantom winter foliage of it's own. JUTethinks Dame Nature's quite like man,

This is a season of silence and searching; "! She loves to play a joke

a time when roots are pushing deep into And cover up unseemly things the primal earth, and empty twigs are Beneath a lovely cloak.

sentient with their prophecy of leaves. Last night my yard was quite a sight,

Thoughts of perfume and of opened It wouldn't bear inspection, petals are but dim dreams along the misty But with the dawn it glistened bright vistas of tomorrow. In snowy white deception.

Photo by Lionel Green. 733

foimOn

known as the "scribbler,"Brother Dean has written numerous poems, and spent twoand-a-half years in Hawaii setting them to native music for an eventual song collection. The father of 22 children, 67 grandchildren, and 23 greatgrandchildren, Brother Dean has kept

a diary, now numbering 60 volumes, since he was nineteen. His motto is

"Promptness is a virtue."

JOSEPH H. DEAN

Courtesy Photo Deseret News.

CONFERENCE OCTOBER SHOWS DR. WIDTSOE IN HAWAIITHIS INFORMAL STUDY OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE TAKEN AT THE

PRESENT ALL ARE OCCASIONS OF WHEN THE THOSE INFREQUENT ONE ON QUORUM "T\r. of the Council A. Widtsoe John

: Clawson, George Reed Rudger Smoot, Albert left right Smith, Fielding Joseph Smith, George to Front row, of to atthe Twelve was assigned Ballard, J. A. Widtsoe, Melvin R. John Lyman, Richard row, left L. to right: Richards. Stephen BackF. Richards,

Joseph F. Merrill, Charles A. Callis, Albert E. Bowen, and extreme right: Sylvester Q. Cannon, associate. tend the Oahu Stake Conference held

in Honolulu, Hawaii, October 29 and 30, 1938, and appointed to investigate and report on educational facilities and other Church business. Dr. Widtsoe,

accompanied by Mrs. Widtsoe, sailed

from Los Angeles aboard the S. 5.

Matsonia, October 20, 1938.

ADMINISTRATION BUILDING RISING ON CENTRAL STOREHOUSE BUILDING PROJECT 'T'he newest addition to the cluster of buildings rising on the eightacre tract at 7th West and 7th South streets in Salt Lake City and known as the

Central Storehouse Building Project of the Church Welfare Plan, is the Administration Building, now under construction. The structure, which will house

the offices and the distributing facilities for the Salt Lake Region and at the same time provide storage space for surplus commodities from other regions to be handled by the General Committee, will be ready for occupation somePhoto Courtesy Deseret News. time in February or March of 1939.

MISSION PRESIDENTS AT THE OCTOBER CONFERENCE Employing from fifty to seventy work-

L. Spanish Neff, American; row: Left to right, front Eugene Palmyra C. Williams, Orlando Bureau ers daily, the structure is the fourth unit

Lorenzo States; States; Elias S. Evans, Eastern Central of Information; Anderson, Woodruff, Frank A.

Mexican; Merrill D. Clayson, Southern States. to be built in connection with this

Seegmiller, Christiansen, States; L. EIRay row: William Western Second W. Texas, W. Aird project: a root cellar with a 30carload

Jr., Central States. East California; William Canadian; T. Tew, Smith, David A. Macdonald,

Third row: Carl F. Eyring, New England; David A. Broadbent, North Central States; Preston storage capacity is already in use; a

Nibley, Northwestern States; Harold W. Pratt, former president Mexican Mission; B. S. Hinckley, Northern completely equipped cannery will be

States. occupied early in December dependSHELLEY STAKE HONORS M. I. A. honored him with a pageant ing on the completion of the heating

FOUNDER OF SAMOAN in which were reenacted scenes from plant. The accompanying sketch by

MISSION his own life. Born in Taunton, EngFetzer and Fetzer, architects, indicates

A tributethe Churchto hiswaslifelongpaid Josephservice H.in gan,land, UtahBrotherin Dean1860, emigratedvia sailingto vesselMorthatutility,beautyand whenhas notcompleted,been sacrificedthe buildto

Dean, 83year-old founder of the and ox team. He served a first mission ing should attract many more than the

Samoan Mission, when on Sunday, Octo Hawaii in 1877 and in 1887 opened hundreds who from far and near have tober 30, members of the Shelley Stake up the work in Samoa. Affectionately already visited the project.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1938

Sunday, October 2, 1938.

President Heber J. Grant dedicated

the Logan Institute, which is adjacent to the U. S. A. C. at Logan, Utah.

Sunday, October 16, 1938.

President Heber J. Grant was the

principal speaker at a meeting held in the Eighteenth Ward, Ensign Stake, commemorating the thirtytwo years of service performed by Bishop Thomas

A. Clawson and his counselors, John

A. Evans, L. T. Whitney, and Ezra T.

Stevenson, and the ward clerk, Ernest

D. Schettler.

ADMINISTRATION BUILDING OF THE CENTRAL STOREHOUSE BUILDING PROJECT Monday, October 17, 1938.

TWO NEW PRIMARY MISSIONARIES RETURN YoungSpecialUniversityexercisesmarkedat the theBrighamsixtyGENERAL BOARD OFFICERS TO ORIGINAL FIELDS third anniversary of the founding of

CHOSEN HPhe missionaries who left Germany this institution.

TITrs. H. Stromness, Margaret during the critCzechoslovakia andJVA Sunday, October 23, 1938. superintendent formerly of the ical setperiod of the CzechGerman

Granite Stake Primary, and Mrs. Ruth tlements have returned to their various George A. Christensen was sustained

Wood Higginbotham, formerly a memfields of labor according to word that as the Bishop of the 27th Ward, Ensign ber of the Ensign Stake Board, were has been received in the First PresiStake, succeedng Joel Richards.

chosen by Superintendent May Anderdency's office from the mission presiElder Charles A. Callis dedicated

son to the Primary General Board on dents in both countries. the new chapel in the Reynolds Branch,

November 1, 1938. Malad Stake.

Both of these women come well qualified to their posts, for each of them DON CARLOS YOUNG PASSES Monday, October 24, 1938.

has his in had long service in the Primary Roosevelt, Nicholas book en83 years Carlos Young, Don Josephwork. titled Birth Freedom, of A New of age, last surviving son of President

states Pioneers the lauds and Mormon in the that order to country saveBUSINESS ASSOCIATES Brighamdeath OctoberYoung,19th.answered the call of

return the to freedom must same courDINNERARRANGE its FOR three 50 years and For up to two or selfsacrifice as age, endurance, andPRESIDENT GRANT ago, years Brother served the as Young Pioneers. possessed by the Mormon

Cixhundred-fifty invitations have official architect of the Church. The

* been issued for a dinner, and proBishop's Building and the Church OfSunday, October 30, 1938.

gram honoring President Heber J. fice Building are monumental structures Floyd L. Weed was sustained as

Grant, arranged by his business assoof his designing. Bishop of the 26th Ward, Pioneer

ciates, for Wednesday evening, NoBrother Young had given much time Stake, succeeding Leonard C. Rueckert.

vember 23rd, in the Hotel Utah, Salt in service to the Church both in the The Sugar House Ward, Highland

Lake City. The list of invited guests mission field and at home. He was a Stake, was reorganized with Ernest A.

includes leaders of business, industry, member of the original High Council Nelson as Bishop, succeeding George and the professions, from throughout of Salt Lake Stake. W. Burbidge.

the inland west and the nation. Members of the General Committee in

charge of arrangements are: John F.

Fitzpatrick, Chairman; Gus P. Backman, Orval W. Adams, David D. Moffat, E. O. Howard, Harold H. Bennett,

Richard L. Evans, George Gadsby,

J. J. Kelly, Wendell Smoot, Elias A,

Smith, Nelson W. Aldrich, Guy R.

Toombes, Julian M. Bamberger and

Robert L. Judd.

Further details of this occasion, given as the President begins his 83rd year, will be noted in next month's Era.

FIELD FROM THE SALT LAKE MISSIONARY HOME F. SMITHJOSEPH FAMILY MISSIONARIESARRIVEDLEAVINGOCTOBERFOR THE24, 3, NOVEMBER 1938 1938—DEPARTEDASSOCIATION HONORS

Left first row: to right, Newel C. E. McMillan, Horsley, Raymond Margaret E. Hardy, Kay Cheney,FOUNDER Mildred Hansen, Porter, Doris Hurst, Dorothy Grande J. Le Shupe, Turner. Sherman

/Commemorating the onehundredth J. Farnsworth,Second row:GladysPres.Heileson,Don. B. SueColton,CarmenMorrisJennings,Rowley, MiltonDean G.J. Huntsman,Rasmussen,EdithAndrewBair, B.Mrs.Shumway,Beulah

Instructor E. Barrett. William since the birth of their anniversary Third Melvin row: J. Hogge, Dennis Farnsworth, Ottley, Jr., Warren S. Glen L. Emily Rudd,illustrious forefather, Fielding Joseph Anderson, Sister Colton, B. Don Norma Haymore, Merrill Leavitt, Anne Taylor, Biddulph, Grant F. Deloy

Jensen. H. Vern sixthSmith, president of the Church,

Daniel Fourth row: Leatham, William F. Bundy, Kart Reeder, D. Kirkland, Ray J. Johtv A.

13, born 1838 waswho on November Hopkin, J. Grant Marcell Pitcher, Joel ft. Huff, Dellis W. Cooley, Johnson, F. Swenson. George

Fifth L. row: Lund, Howard H. Philip J. Smart, Edwin Dixon, Davis, Stephen L. Morris R. diedand 19, 1918, November members

Gerald Royal Smith, D. Anderson, W. Fowler, Clyde G. W. Venoy Gay.of the F. Smith Family Joseph AssoMickelson,Sixth row: N. Douglas Charles Thompson, Anderson, I. S. Robertson, F. Eric Don Bundy, Clark 0-

Thompson, B. Garrick, Donald H. Theo. Richards, Simkins, A. Lake, Max William W. Delmar Braegger.ciation gathered at the Lion House

Seventh row: Park, Douglas Sherman Bryan, Dehlin J. Ray A. Erickson, Niels J. Anderson, Wendelt evening,Saturday 12, for a November Earl Fitzgerald, K. Young, M. Tadje, Harold G. Eatough, Joseph E. Watson W. Bateman

Junior row: Carson, L. D. Randall, Glen Howard Martelt Acomb, M. Bodell, Homer Krrkham,

J. Evertson,turkey dinner followed by a memorial MarionEighth Phil C. Dana, Dwight F. Dana, Madsen, H. John Spencer. Alanprogram. Ninth row: Junior Lundgreen, Thomas Hart, E. Clyde Toone. William

fcdihfimL

musician looks easy, too, and in our enjoyment of his art, $if>L io yojdk1938 we sometimes close our thoughts to the toil and heartbreak, the faith and vision, that mark the upward course. This man

Again we approach that heartwarming, soulislife,great,but becausenot becausehe hashe overcomehas been sparedthem. theProvidencehardshipsgaveof

cheering time of year at which we commemhim strength, not ease; courage, not protection; faith, not a

orate anew the birth of the Savior of mankind. favored lot; integrity, not freedom from temptation.

But with the coming of the Christmas season we It is well remembered that a look back through the years different picture presents a now, much J. Grant

at end looking the other he had he was find ourselves still facing the realities of life as we offromHeberthe view when always have in the past, and as we shall continue this way. We know now what he was destined to become,

to do as long as life shall last. but he knew then only that life must be lived honorably and

The seasoned traveler has learned to accept these industriously,for, that a familyin ordermightthatbea widowedreared, andmotherthat mightthe Lord,be caredhis realities—even to welcome them—for the glory of Maker, might, at that day when all shall stand before Him,

conquest and the thrill of overcoming, for he knows say "Well done."

that without hills to climb and broken country to And from these thoughts we offer our gift to traverse, dull, deteriorating monotony sets in. youth for Christmas 1938—and for all the years

But with youth it may be different. The alland generations to come: If life is not what it

engrossing business of education and preparation ought to be, it is yours to make it what it should has in most cases kept his attention from the actual be. Change whatever you wish to change, within

battle of life, wherein a man does what he does and the limits of truth, noble ideals, and fundamental becomes what he becomes by his own effort. principles, and your own generation, and generaThen comes youth's awakening, and, as with all tions yet unborn, will rise to call you blessed. awakenings, the fading of many dreams. There—R. L. E.

comes a day when we realize that we can no longer conscientiously accept the support of others, and winning our own support is more difficult than it (L QhhidlmaiL, JJwucfhL appeared to be from the sidelines. No longer can "Plying snow and holly berries, clearer sight and

we Christof the are indications keener minds—all one. ebbed; has of spring season. be Wecontentmustwithestablishmerelyourbeingown theidentityson ofandsomerear mas The exuberance

our own families, and the responsibilities which the languor of summer has vanished; the haze of

seemed so natural to our parents take on new magautumn has cleared; and the vigor of winter sends

nitude. No longer can we afford to be students new blood coursing through our veins.

teachers. must become only. No longer may We

to the theoretical. wholly ourselves devote we We Clearer sight and keener minds should stimulate

must venture into the practical. No longer is the clearer and keener insight into the fundamentals of

world waiting for us to prepare for life. It is living. Those who live and work with young peowaiting for us to live it, to face its realities, to solve ple should turn their eyes critically inward, parits problems, to improve its conditions, and to do for ticularly at this season, and let the mind register

the next generation that which has been done truly what the eye sees. Crying needs in the

for us, with such improvements as would be exworld today demand our best thinking and clear pected because of time and cumulative experience. vision in directing these young folk. They must

life. are of only the They now be way shown face us brings that awakening the so comes And vessel their journey. Their be may embarking on

is easy. not reality. job with face to The Who are external those there but seaworthy, ever so

it probthat were? The wish would a weakling but will assail the unless forces keep them which we dullard a but solved. all not been have lems Who brightly. of love burning of our lighthouse Fogs

is future unpreto be? The them want would of will the arise despair but them, our around beam it? wasn't dictable. your Read history!—when light the mists; penetrate of crosscurrents can for thankful is changing. greatly Be world so The will beliefs over every them from worldly sweep ultiideals principles and and as our long that—so their lose unless direction way, them make and

it; progress with not change destination do mate follow; to true course the given have them we It's to us is secure. up not is Livelihood change.

will buffet disbelief the charted from them of waves it secure. to make the with unless provided have them comway, we

So run the objections and the answers to those pass of faith; reefs of ignorance will offer hazards

objections, which became articulate in the mind of unless we have given them the sure knowledge of the writer while acting on a committee of Presitrue principles; the tides of indolence may sweep

dent Grant's business associates. They were pretheir frail barks into a backwash and stagnation

paring to honor him at a banquet as he begins the unless we keep the lighthouse of our and their faith 83rd year of his life, and it became necessary to prereplenished from the Giver of Eternal Light and pare a: program statement that would typify the life Life.

of this great leader. From due process of thought

there came these obvious conclusions At this season when our thoughts are turned naturally to Him in whose name we call upon the that chart all, let us of us resolve Father we will to suppose be lead at. this might one look, now man To

him. before his life faded clearly, obstacles that of others'the 1 away had that courses It our more and we own

places the that had been rough believe to possible be would the in reach the follow and showed way He may that stride, success had determined his traversed easily by sail the true those awaits harbor where who He effort, spared that him Providence had moderate with c6me much of life's travail. The flawless performance of a master course.- M. C. ].

HELPING OTHERS

lo HEL THEMSELV By WILLIAM MULDER "pROM the numerous fronts throughout Mllt -v> the Salt Lake Region, the garments the Church where ward, stake, and being distributed in the main through regional groups are pushing forward in the regional storehouse. But in the

a major offensive against material need future this project will come under the and spiritual depression comes the joint supervision of the General Comheartening report floatthat operations mittee Salt and the Lake Regional ing the banner of the Church Welfare Council, to be known as the Deseret

Plan are realizing with no small success Clothing Factory.

the threefold objective of caring for the immediate wants of the needy, finding the jobless permanent employment, Central Storehouse Building and progressively improving existing Project conditions.

Placing confidence in the program at Within a few months the offices and large and enthusiasm in the particular bishop's storehouse of the Salt Lake Reproject in hand, Priesthood quorums, gion will be housed in the new center

Relief Societies, specially organized now under construction at 749 West groups, and individuals have in a total 7th South known as the Central Storeof 1,065 projects during 1938 produced house Building Project. It is socalled

794,000 cans of vegetables, 230,000 because not only will it be the storing, cans of fruit, 23,000 lbs. dried fruits, FULLSIZED BURLAP BAGS SUCH AS THIS ARE processing, and distributing head990,000 lbs. of root and leaf vegetables, AVAILABLE FOR EVERY HOWIE THAT DESIRES quarters for the stakes of the Salt Lake

18,000 sacks of potatoes, 18,660 sacks WITHTO COOPERATE.DISCARDED WHENARTICLES,THEY DESERETARE FILLEDINRegion, but there will be located one

of flour, 325 sacks of dry beans, the DUSTRIES WILL CALL FOR THEM. of the General Committee storage cenequivalent of 1,552 sacks of sugar in ters and from there shipment of surplus

sugar beets, 2,000 gallons of sorghum, commodities to other regions will be 100 cases of canned meat, and 27,000 day three trim trucks are kept busy made. (See detailed description, paqeF y

lbs. of fresh meat. There have been making daily pickups of voluntary 734.)

produced several carloads of coal and donations. Homes are supplied with a

several of postal bag the an attached card which and wood, and of number Work in Other Regions isarticles filled for of directions clothing at with proper out made the sewing centers runs into many thousands. calling, and mailed to the Industries While these projects have created

the bag, depository individuals 3,943 as aSome aswhen have been for disconsiderable public be interest and maysisted is filled. articles, to find usable but in carded employment regular considered as representative of the

channels of trade, while another 2677 itself Industries the plant Deseret At scope and purpose in of Welfare workhave been employed on Church Welthat of a staff from workers has grown its major proportions, other regions fare projects. five fortyfive in to is engaged prohave been promoting worthwhile projIn every quarter steps have been cessing the materials: clothes are sorted ects.

taken toward the permanent rehabiliaccording to 24 classifications and are tation of the lives of men and women washed or drycleaned, mended, and In Juab Stake there has been the Dog through the establishment of their ecopressed; stoves are rebuilt; furniture reValley Farm Project; in southern Utah

nomic independence. Several leading finished; mattresses recovered; shoes the Virgin River Temple Cottage projprojects illustrate the productive nature repaired; tons of paper and rags baled ect to build seven modern cottages near

of the program. and shipped. Everything is salvaged, the St. George Temple for aged temple

to antiques, kindling from and wood in workers; Juab, Nebo, and Woodruff

its finally at finds evalu- a moderate way stakes,Deseret Industries sawmill projects to supply maation stores three of to the one now terials for for those homes engaged on being at operated Second 342 West is unique the recently Most founded the project also for and buildChurch State, South, Richards and 60 432 South Industries,Deseret salvage a and manuin ings; the Idaho, proposed Eastern all in Street, Salt City. Clean, Lakefacturing enterprise after the patterned Idaho'Regional built Storehouse business to for wellstocked, to be open andnationally Indus- "Goodwill known stores public, general being the these are chiefly labor by Welfare native fromtries."is project This to designed help

alike, visited rich a poor and and materials; by in Salt the digging, preLakeothers help themselves putting to by indaily carefully chart progress kept paring, shipping of in celery, and and those difficultywork would have who sold, dicates the of merchandise amount the Sharon SharonUtah canneryfinding which in inprivate employment

less the of than amount though donated kept ten from to fortydustry. instiresponse workers Local emthe to

is increasing. steadily goods, Deserettution's for appeal ployed of the merchandise most which summer.

is Industries rapidly a moving towardcould be reconditioned sold It is and not necessary to stamultiply basis. selfsupportingagain that has so overwhelming been tistics, revealing however they be may

the story two warehouse and basement in themselves. of monthly reading A Factory Clothingat in Salt 342 South Second Lake Deseret West the Projects"column (see "Quorum

is filled furniture stoves, with and to indicate page 742) will just whatclothing rags, papers, and books and S. garments un- L. D. Manufacturing

toys, shoes, antiques, and a hundred der the "Authorized Pattern"label is extent the Welfare Plan is giving a and one other items. These materials the Security Knitting Mills at 36 South practical demonstration of benefits that

were gathered in a systematic canvasMain Street, also in Salt Lake City. result when mouths are fed and souls

sing of the stakes under the motto, Employing a varied number of workers, nourished in a productive plan of having "Waste nothing, save everything."Tothe factory has been operating under the worker produce that which he uses.

! GIVE THE CHILDREN FOR CHRISTMAS?WHAT BOOKS SHALL

FOR THE VERY YOUNG: By MARBA C JOSEPHSON Forest Neighbors

(Edith M. Patch and Caroll L.

Little Pancho illustrated, Macmillan, Fenton, Buttons Politi, (Told and by drawn Leo pages. $1.50.) 192 1938. York, New illustrated Beggy by Robinson, ( Tom Press,Viking 1938. York, New this a in find wealth will child book York. Press, Bacon, Viking New Any$.50.) curihis natural satisfy to material of $2.00.)

little like the boys moose, nature. Pancho, many concerning osity TheLittle in ragged, interested a be wouldn't lynx, the the hare, told thing, fox, not the to a red snowshoe do immewhen Who to kitten proved an motheaten who it. the animalsdiately set to into are the out whitetailed among do deer went He his could that he make unfriendly world chickadee, the redstart, the lost hisjungle treated; his the hat he where and way

favors? for too asking without many way discussed. all birds in the himself generally kinds of Theand mixed among waxwing

into to introduce is cat adorable Buttons an old acquaintancestrouble. to pictures will are serve since renew unusual book The

story, the for which the by both home, any ones.they to deal introduce a with her Mexican mother many new and and

illustrations, is for the twice, given and waychild.

which a child will be delighted to linger YinkaTu the Yak moralist, to turn Naturally, over. we hate Black PupThe into in this story our introduced but present Wiese,( Alice A.VikingLide, Press,illustrated1938.by Kurt Brooks, illustrated, Viking(Anne of there is something Aesop. world,

Press, New York, 1938. 63 pages. 63 pages. $2.00.)

his with Sifan of Tibetan Express adventures$1.50.) Quito The

of planes illustrated, the broad on Bemelmans, YinkaTu (Ludwig its illustrations clever will to reading. China Add make interesting 1938. Press, Viking hour's entertainment, New York, anTHEofferbookmanywith

illustrations of story, the Kurt the Wieseespecially especially dispages. 47 $1.00.) when the pup, who

will that parent any a and have book you kittens,liked against defended them an to the youngest for even way that the children to any give proud be andairdale. Anew

in is given Qufro Ex* study geography will to and customs child own. adore The

of Ecuador, press, story a about Pedro of the history of Tibet are woven into some the CamelGloomy lost train for a climbed a and the story. on was who

pictures(Story and by Grace Paull, time but two, because a had good day or

Viking Press, New York, 1938. $1.50.) the conductor liked little boys. One Winter

Although Grace Paull is wellknown for ( Martin Gale, illustrated, Viking her illustrations, this is her first apFOR THE MIDDLEAGED Press, New York, 1938. 204

pearance as an author. The conclusion that YOUNGSTER: pages. $1.75.)

happiness found only afterGloomy in experiences a boardBradford's Jinnie he had Child of the Deep usefulnesslearned message is a welcome their and ing school with her friend Migs Williamson and Frances (John E. today.to old and young readers. fascinate will young ponies The

line of Margaret drawings Van Doren attention, while attract favorableLittle Toad photographs,Jenkins Olcott,HoughtonillustratedMifflinwith cleverwill also (Frances Margaret Fox, illustrated, Company, Boston, 1938. 116 of course the maple syrup story will satisfy

Viking Press, New York. 79 pages. pages. $2.25.) the sweet tooth of all young people.

$1.00.) Next best to going underseas is reading FOR THE ADOLESCENT:

life the story the from of a toad experienced people underseas from whoTracing Honey of the Nile constantly a little took girl with them tadpole, finally the toadlet, egg to and a fullgrown toad is interestingly and truthwhen they went on their expeditions. Many ( Erick Berry, illustrated, Oxford

fully told, for the author is a teacher who pictures are reproduced, several in full color. University Press, New York, 1938.

had the material verified by authorities The natural history included in this book 224 pages. $2.00.)

adults be welcomedThis who have by many book can profitably be read to any will of center the the "was Egypt curious always themselves been about how Whenage group. Nile, green the a ribbon world, and

its the sea look. people and

sands, the artery the through goldenThree Tales From Grimm Egypt"is the setting for this book. Bothof

(Illustrated by Brunhild Schlotter, the material and the illustrations have been

Macmillan Company, New York, carefully checked by Egyptologists for their 1938. $1.75.) accuracy. The story deals with the young

king Tutankh Amun; his wife, Ankhes; Kem,

This exquisite book including the three a young priest of Amun Re and keeper of stories: The Sleeping Beauty, The the bees; and Hanofre, faithful handmaid

Froq Prince, and Mother Hulda, was printed Ankhes; and unfolds many dramatic inin Germany. Grimm is always interesting cidents in the lives of the young king and

for children and in this newly dressed verqueen who are historical characters.

sion with its truly lovely illustrations, it will be more than a welcome addition to Penn the children's bookshelf. (Elizabeth Janet Gray, illustrated,

Viking Press, New York, 1938.

Bobbie and Jock and the Mailman 260 pages. $2.50.)

(Charles J. Finger, illustrated, Henry Completely engrossing and of great value

Holt and Company, New York. is this biography of one of the founders

156 pages. $2.00.) V of early America, written by one who has

proved her worth in other notable biogFor children from 6 to 10, this book with raphies. From Penn's parentage and early

its clever illustrations and its story of life, we get an insight into English history a little girl's vacation on the farm will prove which is so prominent in shaping the destiny of Interest. Her experience of getting lost of America. The story is that of a couraand found again and learning that "the geous fighter who dared stand by his beliefs

longest way round is the shortest way in spite of many imprisonments and great home"makes interesting reading. K family pressure.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1938

Seventeen Chimneys

(Theodore A. Harper, Viking Press,

New York, 1938. 270 pages. $2.00.) Don't Serve

Robert Cornish after his father's failure was left to make his way the best he could. For one year he worked in the lonely

bush country of New Zealand where he learned the valuable lesson of patience. SKIMPY Breakfasts

"Seventeen Chimneys"was the symbol of his lost heritage. There are some mysteries which will intensify the interest for

adolescent boys and girls.

The Little American Girl (Marjorie H. Alee, illustrated,

Houghton Mifflin, Boston, 1938.

237 pages. $2.00.)

Reid, threefold duty of Sarah AnnThe the opgiven was unexpectedly who portunity of going to Paris as "housedaughter"at the Quaker International

Center, was to learn French as a living language, to get acquainted with all kinds of people, and to grow up. Her experiences

on shipboard and after she arrived in Paris make every page seem too short.

Blocking Back

(B. J. Chute, Macmillan Company,

New York, 1938. 266 pages. $1.75.)

wouldn't from get a thrillWhatattendingboy a boys'school and being intimately associated with football? Well,

Jerry Le Van didn't—at first, because he [: had been sent much against his will to

Washburn instead of Harmeer which he had desired to attend. But when he had

his lesson forced down his throat, his eyes V\0 you start your husband things found heopened and new to many *—'off to work and your

is life of the basis both that teamwork and football. children off to school with a

real energy breakfast—a

Fire in the Ice breakfast that will provide

Mifflin (A. D. Divine, Houghton lots of nourishment—lots of Boston, pages. 1938. 254Company,

$2.00.) pep and energy? In other

words—a Globe PANCAKE since Melville told the story of MobyEver people Working interest in breakfast? Dick, centered has much

whales and the whaling industry. When and school children often

sailed Pierce exAlan whaling on a modern skimp on lunches—don't

pedition with Aslaksen, experienced an their breakfasts skimp too! ileXfesailing friend he learned man, a and made

many things that a year on land would not Serve your family satisfying have taught him. A fullblooded adventure pancakes for breakfast. Make them the quick, easy,THRIFTY

story, Fire in the Ice will help while away way—with Globe "Al"Pancake and Waffle Flour. This evenings.a few winter

special pancake flour contains lots of buttermilk for extra

Josie and Joe richness and flavor. How good these "Al"pancakes taste on

(Ruth G. Plowhead, illustrated, cold mornings, with syrup or honey trickling down the sides.

Caxton Printers, Ltd., Caldwell, Globe "Al"Pancake and Waffle Flour is the choice of thouIdaho, 1938. 262 pages. $2.50.) sands of smart women because it's so quick and easy to use

IDENTICAL twins in everything except that and it is always the same! You can make three "Al"panone was a girl and the other a boy, Josieand Joe Dawne had many a gay time tocakes [or a penny! Buy Globe "Al"tomorrow—serve nourgether, for Josie could do things that a boy ishing pancake breakfasts. See what a hit they make with

did well as or better than even Joe. She your family!

as eager studentwas of the a manual Cub as Joe. But much as Joe liked his sister,

he still felt that there were some things thatgirls should not do. This left Josie quite \\ //

disconsolate until she learned that there are things that girls can do which are as interesting and difficult to do as those boyschoose. Her experiences in the Top Notch GLOBE "A1

Club which taught her how to sew and can fruit and the other exploits of thishoydenish girl will make good reading durPANCAKE & WAFFLE FLOUR ing the Christmas holidays.

{Concluded on page 740) THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1938

Barefoot and the Friendly Road tion of a drama. The first chapter, called

(Jack Tinker, illustrated by the "Offstage Activities,"deals with the orthe for ganization successful staging play. a author, Press, Viking York. New <H&/ulSl Activities,"chapter, second "Onstage The 3iow—$1.00.)

director; instructions to gives the "Backthe For holidays could what be

little this of will poetry serve instructs stage Activities"book those handle who nicer than a Spicy Spice CakeThe

It also includes inhelpful to che show. in revel alike old some make and young it's unless Mills of them. two Globe

it, for the friendly road is a symbol of the formation on makeup. Part V is on the tells us how it is done, and it's so

wandering that all of us have the urge to do. Pageant. easy, and the results are so effective that I'm sure all be we shall Rifles for WashingtonGray spicing Wolf the Christmas season. up

Elsie Singmaster, illustrated, Houghton it is: (Rutherford Montgomery, Houghton ( Here

Mifflin, Boston, 1938. 186 pages. Mifflin, Boston, 1938. 321 pages. 2% c. Globe "Al"Cake Flour

$2.25.) $2.25.) 1 t. soda

t. salt lk of story refused a young man who told the point wolf's from Dramatically t. 2 The cinnamon

left to the of of Independout be War of this to give will view, serve t. book of cloves, each nutmeg, allV2

soldier's told ence, the point from common life information the habits concerning and is of unusual. has spice. view, Singmaster Miss the of brought gray wolves so much who V2 c. butter substitute or

in to putting job masterful paper a on to the in of done the early worry cattlemen days c. IV2 sugar

this details the intimate which book make west. particularly the deals story with The 2 eggs

historically. valuable the of Speed, these wisest wolves, gray who 1 c. buttermilk

finally long escaped but met man 1 t. vanilla FarDistant Oxus his match The Indian in Treon, hunter. an Sift flour once, measure, add (Katherine Hull Whitlock, and Pamela

salt, sift soda, spices, three and and Company, Macmillan New York, 1 times. butter, c. of Cream add Plays to andShadow How 1938. pages. 320 $2.00.) sugar gradually thorand creamProduce Them

oughly. slightly Beat eggs and children, children, about book "by Mills (Winifred Louise H. and This rest the of to add the sugar them; for (actual children"quotation and Dunn, and Doubleday DoranM. well. to butter mix Add sugar and letter) adult will authors'the from any make pages. 188 York.Company, New mixture. small of Add amount is child's this that ordinary understand no$2.00.) flour mixture, well, then mix add to alone. children relegated to be book The

little milk. this in a Continue manthe children in girls, usually the 15 home 16, and began book whoAlthough until flour a ner milk used, are and that reveal ago, rethis things leaders year plays, want to have shadow many

beating batter hard after adeach girls of In the discover. toviewer's well is that the older guess do would members

dition. vanilla. in Add Bake a first place, find are they not of the will sentimental about family of enjoyment much

pan in a moderate (350 oven it if in accept they this the loaf will love it; too read they growth and book. nature:and

The actual dramatizations of several plays second place, they like action and adventure degrees) 50 to 60 minutes. Pour

is given and the illustrations to go with and introduce plenty of both; in the third Chocolate Icing over the top and

they have a good time with a very little also, while music Part and goodmusic—andthem. Part Two is shadow plays with place, they have a fine disregard for money: decorate with halves of walnuts.

of it. plays.Three deals with human shadow

The book is a really careful study of this The story deals with the activities ofform of entertainment and should offer a three children who go for a vacation to the WANT solution to the eternal question both of West Country moors of England and there adults and children, "What shall we do?"learn many things. Perfect Posture?

The GEE TEE GARTER WAIST Yourself Knowing Others and RiverJungle for GIRLS and BOYS (Donald Holt and Henry McLean, illustrated, Pease, ( Howard DoubleCo., 1938. pages.) York, 267 posture, perfect Aids New and Doran Company,day New all in comfortable text dealing hygiene, with mental This 1938. 295 pages. $2.00.)York, fasside-

ten people which young between garters, and teningpositions, back

This book for high school age boys and eighteen will enjoy reading, will be welelastic in shoulders.

girls will answer their constant search comed by many parents and teachers. The Sizes 2 to 12, pre-/

for the unusual and the exciting. author has had wide experience as clinical paid in U. S. and/fp

In this, his latest book, he deals with psychologist consultant of the Institute of Canada...

the adventures of Don Carter in New Family Relations in Los Angeles. He bases Only

Guinea when he set out to find his father, his work on the three drives analyzed by reported lost, believed dead, following an William I. Thomas in his book, The lln $1

airplane crash. adjusted Girl; the three drives being: the

security, the response, recognition and the ALSO drives. his to person wants Each make ScarletThe Oak

life certain, security hence, drive; the each (Cornelia Meigs, Doctors recomtherefore to loved, the response illustrated, Macwants be

millan Company, New York, 1938. drive; moreover, one wants to be important mend the TEE

198 pages. $2.00.) to other beings and have MATERtheir respect, GEE

the recognition drive. children of ten to fourteen hence, book for WAIST. AdNITY GARTERThis

deals author recognized a by justable to comany size, Golden Book of the with The inAmerica 1817 Bonaparte Joseph when fortable, cool, balanced, Navigators Dutch after Italy. fleeing refuge herefound from

The mystery that is woven about his living (Hendrick Willem Van Loon, D. sidefastening back garters,

in this country will make delightful reading. AppletonCentury Co., New York. elastic in shoulders.

333 pages. $2.50.) Prepaid in U. S. and Canada

Original of BookThe like lone) has. $2.00... only TEE GEE

Give to Themand How yes, and Plays VanbroughtLoon much(pronouncedto the young, garter the only are garments the old, his of inpeople America, through Gardner ( Horace Bonneviere and J. balgiving waists actually tensely vitalized this In books. book, a Lippicott B.Arnaud, Company, J. postureperfecting reprint from 1916, does anced he muchPhiladelphia, 1938. pages. 414 $2.50.) revised

to history to impart of the the robreath stocking support from contains ten plays book and historical figures a mance. has walk made HeThis shoulders. Specify TEE GEE

pageant lives been planned into the which have and of presentday young boys or send at your dealer's,written in of all to for groups ages use his gusto and girls. a love born from With

school or church organizations. Equally of freedom which is inherent from his Dutch check or moneyorder to

important, however, is the information ancestry, he arouses a similar love for good given on the preparation for the presentagovernment based on freedom of choice. TEE GEE GARMENT CO,

740 RoomIT. S. A—5029Patent No.17th2,078,972N.E.—Seattle, Wash.

City and now of Los Angeles, may better book, as Her Kathryn Worsley. be known will debe readers of our F. "LIFE SMITH"JOSEPH OF MOST is of collection in a Cheek, Tongue With best the that to lighted know illustrated, atoriginal verse, humorously the o Church President Sixth of Merrill has Harrison R. of what easily read. tractively presented, The and Saints Latterday Christ Jesus special in of a will included written be

lighthearted varies from common mood before or available to on be volume sentito sense, flippancy, to poignant barbed Fielding Smith Compiled Joseph by its 15. takes volume This December

satire. gets the to biting imment, One title, from Spirit Here, Leave My yet not an had have we aside the that stepped has pression author While Merrill's poem, wellknown Prof. this book, to opportunity review life halfclosed to at with look and amused Heaven.""Let This Be it here, to invite attention to wish things to people of write eyes, we thereby and

because it is hoped that it will be off in general with part jest and part deadThe books will be available at the press for the Christmas trade, and seriousness. Entertainment, with a dash $1.00 a copy plus postage. See

many undoubtedly will wish to give or two of sterner stuff, is how we see it. coupon, page 764. it consideration in their selection of—R. L. E.

Christmas gifts. This is the life story

of the remarkable was who man left... and Tell of Time their friends, is depicted the strong six, in of fatherless scenes at the age

of tribulation and dark persecution, (Laura Krey, Houghton Mifflin sense of heritage and parentage that by the martyrdom of his father, HyCompany, Boston. 712 pages. is conducive of consistent and stable

rum Smith, and who later became the $2.75.) growth. M. C. J.

sixth President of the Church of Jesus

Eurifrom HPitled Bacchae Saints. of Latterday by Christ The The Voyage Yukon

is his edited compiled and book by its this pides, as uses time book Unofficial of the Steamer Yukoner Log the son, of Fielding Smith, Joseph protagonist, creating exthereby an

Printers, Curtin; R. Caxton (Walter of writes the Twelve, Council who novel, readable tremely wholesome and

his in introduction: 1938. Ltd., Caldwell, Idaho,

in of centered the ReconstrucTexas is primarily prepared "This volume pages. $3.50.) 299 tion period. the the benefit for of of descendants

President Joseph F. Smith, and then, The ideals implanted into the lives "Decreating the romantic Alaska of

for the benefit of all those who are of the Darcy family: ideals of helpful- ** the bonanza days of 1897, the aulife's his interested labors in and who his log of spun the pages has from integrity, ness, industry, and are made thor

in assisting to joined with have him the blood a yarn which makes good attractive of emulation. and worthy to in to establish bring the pass and reader's the faster through course is story wellseasoned, based a on The earth, the Zion'."'cause of

in offers note veins. a book new The life. conception of rounded this will of said volume be More

later—R. L. E. The story, although as in life it must that we see a different picture of some

consider parents and grandparents, of those who sought adventure and deals with the romance of Cavin and wealth in the far north. The author

each together met and two women in the Lucina meeting changed Darcy Pioneering,Utah An books, night aloud from to read good situation Civil the which had WarAutobiography Lost! Paradise began with they and in attitude the caused the towards Deseret(Andrew M. Israelsen,

News Press, Salt Lake City, 1938. negroes, the carpetbaggers, and in the The pictures, authentic ones of the

328 pages. $3.50.) rewinning of the land to cultivation. period, revivify the history of the times

the interest of the narraand intensify the lives of this couple and their is the selftold story of a who In manThis C. /. their children, nieces, nephews, and tive.—M. north miles born 350 in Norway, was

of the Arctic Circle, and who came to Utah with his parents, at the age of seven, for the Gospel. The account, arranged for

publication by the author's son, Dr. O. W.

Israelsen of the Utah State Agricultural

College, was written after the author was seventy years of age. The book, like its

colorauthor, has stirring and rugged inSave Time and Money"dividuality. unforgettable with It shows

force the type of men and women who by concentrating your Christmas shopping efforts here. You in response of out northern Europecame

to the missionary activities of the Church, will be delighted by the variety of gifts we have on display.

the type of men and women who have pioneered the West, who have earned their Radios, Moving Picture Equipment, Copper, Brass, others, have and helpedown way who Pottery and Glass Ware, Leather Goods, Clocks, the of the the Church backbone andbeen stalwarts of the nation. Utah Pioneering Book Ends, Fountain Pens, Stationery, Games, Perin particular, the anything history ofis not sonalized Greeting Cards for every occasion.

it spirit of those material breathes thebutand spiritual fundamentals without which—and BOOKS of every description.

we are a lost people. To quote the book'seditor: "The author is a man of faith and Books for Children, Books for Youth, Books for All Ages—Ficalso a man of action. His is the faith that tion, Classics, Biography, Standard Works, Reference Books,

enables men to live abundantly in spite of the most adverse circumstances—the faith L. D. S. Church Literature, Bibles, Books for Everyone!

which would enrich the lives of millionstoday by banishing fear and sustaining Order your Christmas Greeting Cards NOW courage."R. L. E.

in Cheek TongueWith Publishing Co., DESERET BOOK COMPANY(Kathryn Kay, Circle

Hollywood, 1938. 85 pages. $2.00.) 44 East South Temple—Salt Lake City, Utah

To Kathrynmany ofKay,her formerlyfriends inof theSalt West,Lake

CONDUCTED BY THE MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD COMMITTEE OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH, CHAIRMAN; MELVIN J. BALLARD, JOHN A. WIDTSOE, AND JOSEPH F. MERRILL

planning the and bricklaying, and PRIESTHOOD AND CHURCH WELFARE the indicate the supervision of work

A gain we invite attention to the new sideration by the Priesthood quorums variety of ways in which the quorum *"* 1939 course of study for all Melof the Church. by willing and intelligent cooperation

chizedek Priesthood groups. This Again this year it is urgently desired completed a project that is a first

course, to be considered throughout that a copy of the course of study be quality job in every way and that the Church, is designed to promote the in the hands of every member of the established the permanent economic inspiritual and material welfare of the Melchizedek Priesthood. Copies may dependence of a widow and her family.

Church as a whole. It is timely; it is be ordered individually or in quantities

vital; it is informative and stimulating. through the Deseret Book Company, San Juan Stake

Much good will result from its conSalt Lake City. Gives Account of Activities.

Blanding Ward High Priests—The

ANTILIQUOR-TOBACCO QUORUM PROJECTS quorumon twelveharvestedacres, and190aboutbushels130oflbs.wheatper

COLUMN acre from fourteen acres of beans.

WHAT THE PRIESTHOOD IS Theyfall wheathave andplantedare workingfourteen withacres theof

REMINDERS DOING THROUGHOUT THE Elders on four barrels of cider for field inthe reports from andT etters apples. CHURCH vinegar drop from

J-'progress of stages of various dicate 125r7* Quorum of Seventy—We Stake Ogden campaign. Antiliquor-tobaccothe and of barley bushels stored 600 have 201 st Quorum of Seventy its will comstake have everyProbably incidental all expenses the paid have

mittees fully organized and actively at '"Phe death in November, 1936, of to raising and harvesting the crop.

work before this number of the Era A Frank A. Purrington of the 13th 265th Quorum of Seventy—This

reaches the field. But due to the Ward left his family with a small sum quorum of only seventeen members has

changes in chairmanship and memberof money and the serious issue of how four acres of potatoes that are doing ship of some of the committees it may to establish their economic independwell.

be well to remind all committee memence. The immediate problem was 1st Quorum of Elders—We harvestbers again that information and sughow to invest the small inheritance to ed 4,000 lbs. of beans from our crop.

gestions relative to'the campaign have give greatest future security. It would Out of this amount we gave 1,000 lbs.

been given in this column from month not last long if simply spent for living for the rental of the farm. We also

to month during several months past. expenses. have twenty acres of fall wheat that

We advise all new members (and old Collaboration of the fatherless famis up in good condition, and eighteen ones are not forbidden to review them) ily with the Priesthood quorum of which acres for summer planting. In addito read these, beginning with the FebBro. Purrington had been a member tion to this we have furnished labor

ruary, 1938, issue of the Era. resulted in a plan to convert the Puron the Church project and are working

System Needed rington homestead into three apartwith the High Priests of Blanding

In order to reach the objectives of ments, with the quorum, under the diWard on the vinegar project.

the campaign, systematic work will be rection of the Bishopric and the im2nd Quorum of Elders—All the

: We—Melchizedekneeded. All whoand holdAaronic—maythe Priesthoodread mediateNorman supervisionD. Moffett,of Senioran experiencedPresident wardPriesthoodworkedgroupstogetherofontheprojectsMonticello

the campaign literature with profit and builder, voluntarily assuming the labor have two acres of potatoes that have are expected to do so. The same may of the remodeling. not been harvested yet; two brethren

each; in of all bushels two wheat turned of the other 45 said of membersbe

talents ranging pooling of from A each; pig raising one are brethren one to underread old with enoughChurch

in services administering the propraising of is the supervising least of legal at brotherstanding. one copy Hence

skilled to erty unskilled in labor and conbrother one to and Nicotine some turkeys on Youth,Alcohol Talks actual the building, the project found prohis the of for share tributed cash Air,the and The Wisdom of Word after Bro. under one Purmonth way ject. in in Practical should every be Terms

rington's decease. basement was The to dance this held Elders a the casehome. be That may many Moab—The to for heatexcavated provide a room building raise a complete to funds will copies of home booklet yet eachmore

fruit ing plant cellar, within and and in exthe project. out. and took sent $73 to the behave They comHence

eight fourroom a weeks apartment less leavto than this penses $25, literature distribute amountedmittees should of created out the rear screen was profit of over ing a a of those $50 for the fund. recordsystematically—keep kitchen, porch, providing bedroom, and

it,receiving of those read have who quarters family. for the Purrington Mission In Bear Stake River it.it, will reaction to and their This

other time apartments due two were carefulrequire President the report a much work Warren by by From completed, date to been and have conit forcommittees, or of items following means one the E. more Hansen out, tinuously for rented one $35.00 and interest historical contactspersonal with exfaith-promoting every one and

for the other monthly. $32.50 proThe literature. to the arepected read noted: Hence,

ject total represented completed a when in theevery one active missionworking of our campaign one "Each of of labor 1922 hours donated and ariesshould to special according operate a plan doing and has been some and in contributions. cash $42.75 With effective record of a the during does.keep summer. he This what work Most other outside aidgroups and quorums

allwill in to necessary outstanding order the be done was by work when know project, ing the construcestimated an all that in missionaries reached District estabbeen have and accuracy of 2 No. tion cost of to reduced $2,846.19 was lishing the characterize required at reports the Branch Promontory.may expenditure of $1,874.80. an actualto the general stake committees. follows: are and accomplishments Other as

Will all committee chairmen give Services such as obtaining material Six members have quit bad habits and prompt attention to these matters? at cost, hauling gravel, borrowing a have been ordained Elders, with two

(See also "Wine Is A Mocker,"page 732.) cementmixer, laying linoleum, painting, more working for that now. There

. 3

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1938 have been five temple marriages and MONTHLY REPORT OF THE L. D. S. STAKE MISSIONS

fifty into brought people have been the Seventy to The Council of acMade by The First Council of the Twelve Apostles tivity in the nothing doing the who were Month For 1938 of September,

Church. Another missionary and his Missionary Activities Sept. Sept.

wife turned their bridge club into a 1938 1937 1. part or days spent 6,573 Evenings 4,498 club. templetemple made women The

in missionary work Hours spent 14,594 10,127 in missionary—work

for all clothes gone they have and to 3.2. calls of 11,382 8,849 made Number

in first invitations of 4,277 3,386 Number at templethe least once a month, hav- 4.

revisits 5. of 4,791 2,556 Number

after. ing a supper - 6. conversations of Gospel 11,482 8,788 Number

"One missionary headed a committee 7. reportedNumber ofunderstandardItem No.Church10) works distributed (Does notinclude Books of Mormon 260 275

to get inactive tolks to Sunday School. 8.9. NumberNumber ofof othertracts booksand pamphletsdistributeddistributed - 15,548728 12,484356

They report having people out that 10. Copies of Book of Mormon actually sold 131 96

had not been inside a church in twenty 11.12. NumberNumber ofof hallcottagemeetingsmeetingsheldheldby missionariesby missionaries 247448 418186

years. 13. Number of missionaries who attended cottage and hall meetings 1,617 1,820

14. Number of investigators present at cottage and hall meetings 2,259 1,750

"Another stake missionary had his 15. Number of baptisms as a result of missionary work 145 110

teeth extracted and did not like to meet (1)(2) OfOf peoplepeople underover 1515 yearsyears ofof ageage: 63

people. So he started a correspondence a. Both of whose parents are members.. 36

with distant relatives. He reports that b. ClassificationOthers under not15 yearsdesignatedof age.. 331

16. of inactive members of Church brought into activity tracts Number through stake missionary several read have of themtwo

service during the month 229 247 the nearly with throughand are now

Additional InformationBook of Mormon."

Number of stakes in Church Number of stake missions organized 124119 118113

Stake Woodruff Ath. Quorum of Elders. Number of stakes reporting Missionaries Actively Engaged, 97 90

The officers have during the past EldersNumber of districts.. 362238 299229

Seventies 1,274 923 the digspring sponsored andsummer - High Priests 236 226 fiveging of in the Evanston graves 344 239 Women for of three which wereSecond Ward,

Total 2,092 1.617 or their the ofthe quorum members

families, and two of which were for

Priesthood.those held no The who has undertaken and each member

solicit this work, not doesquorum Is A Mocker exfaithfully matured, are Wine their eyes (Continued 732) that page from in they casescept where know to opportunities greater open more position to are notthe in a pay members less arc the the swing on was far and that they are around them and this the sexton.for service by alcohol days given than when was to better of able care take themThe quorum also repaired the house selves because they have proved on normal days. As far then as

its of deceased the of oneof widow reflex is of petellar the action the bless that brother a cannot one this results project of the andmembers alcohol concerned acts as a narcotic. receiving greater without an even the to helping seeare what members second experiment on The was himself. this for blessing With is in getting trying quoto doChurch reflex the action eyelid. of the A is responsibility plan adopted, the another. help one to membersrum

delicate apparatus measured both shoulders squarely placed the upon 4th Quorum of Elders, Emmett of the individual. It gives each one the time and movement as in the

Ward, Boise Stake: a chance to think for himself and petellar reflex. Again, the conclusion is that alcohol acts as a narcotic original to opportunity do successful the been very has This quorum or reflex action. (Simplest Neural gift project the the undertook. things great theywith canning and develop

)They have several hundred cans of cherries which came from God and with Arcs several of apricots. hundred cansand to "(1 ) Eyereaction a suddenly

projectplace of an agricultural each member peripheral In which he was born—individuality. appearing stimulus is a

of the quorum has been assessed $2.00. Those who are working under thoroughly practiced part of an inthis plan are not looking for somedividual's response to his spatial enone to hand them gratuitously what vironment. It samples his spatial

they require, but with honor, digadjustments.

Thy Neighbor As Thyself nity, and pride they receive when "(2) Speechreaction to visual arises, they need because have is stimuli a thoroughly pracpro- word (Concluded from page 718) Priestduced. channels of the The ticed part of the individual's reproducts would not go into compehood are the sources through which sponse to his social environment. It

tition with our commercial factories spiritual and temporal blessings samples the elaborate mental combut would be used as a means of have been given and will continue plex of the speech associations, in enriching the lives of the less fortuto be bestowed upon the children of one of its primitive and most firmly nate. men. established phases."

Therefore they conducted If espeof every the quorum ChurchHThe arranged in experiments these similar project to in cially a the had oneX rum—H.PresidencyDeanofHall,the 187thWillardQuo-L. fields. the conclusion two of At difficult Stake, River the times Bear

Wood, Warren E. Hansen, Glenn with which we are beset would be two, Doctor Benedict wrote: "Inthe

M. Severson, Chester Boss, Mervin behind us and nothing but joy and general one must conclude that a

L. Nielson, and Glen W. Busenthanksgiving would abide in the dose of fortyfive cubic centimetersbark—suggest emphatically that no hearts of all. of alcohol clearly increases the laone should be eligible for any help tency of the eyereactions."Conif he does nothing to help himself cerning the wordreaction experiand the group. They know from ment: "The average change oftheir past experience that, through rc> latency due to the ingestion of alcothe individual projects which (Concluded on page 744)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1938

Wine Is A Mocker thefast middleas you fingercan untilbackyouandreceiveforth theas Looking Toward 1947 {Concluded from page 743) signal "stop."(Concluded from page 727)

hoi is about three per cent. In view The eyemovements were measseed pods or withered flowers, and

of all our precautions and the reured from photographic records. insure a much longer season of

liability of our technique, this must The net result of this phase of the bloom in our gardens. We should

be regarded as evidence for a real experimentation is that the velocity gather the seeds as soon as ripe, and though slight tendency of moderate of the eyemovements and the speed name and put them away until doses of alcohol to increase the of the reciprocal innervation of the planting time.

latency of wordreaction."finger are both regularly decreased Fall is the time to prepare the

If, then, both eyeand wordby the ingestion of alcohol. As far garden for winter rest and spring

reactions are slowed down by the as these processes are an indication blooming. Dig, plow, fertilize.

ingestion of alcohol, again we have of the adequacy of motorcoordina- Make changes in the garden borevidence that it is a narcotic. tion, the effect of alcohol on motorders or flower beds, paths, etc. If

An interesting experiment in coordination is depressive. The exyou have new plans, put some ofmotor coordinations was tried. It periments indicate a widespread imthem into operation now—the more

involved the movement of the finger pairment of motorcoordination as work we do in the garden in the and the response of the eye. The a result of moderate doses of alfall, the less we shall disturb it in

subject was seated in a steamer cohol. the spring, when all it wants to do

chair, near the recordingcamera of In an experiment undertaken to is bloom and be beautiful. Now is

a string galvanometer. A stand find out if the acceleration of the the time to mend fences, remove

with an adjustable arm rest was so pulse which accompanies the ingesdead plants, shrubs, trees, to clear placed that the subject's right arm tion of alcohol was, as is generally away all rubbish, especially from was comfortably supported with the supposed, an indication of stimulacorners and outof-theway places, hand near the edge of the recordingtion, the experimenters came to the to clean and put away all tools.

slightly table, the butcamera above conclusion that the effect transplant caused bulbs, plant was should Welevel its top. of of The palm paralysis a partial the cardioof the by plants. divide trees shrubs, and We verticle the against restedhand inhibitory or simmechanism, more plant as larkseeds, such must hardy

wedge - shaped support, against ply, the partial paralysis of the heart spurs, bachelor's buttons, California which it was held by the flexible but muscles which control the flow of poppies, Shirley poppies, cosmos, for elasticregular a pressure of broad blood. early spring blooming We this ofband. sharp edge wedge The v/hich experiment Another the was could compost now.pits—two,rested against subof the the palm undertaken to determine the subof at the stowing away least—forprepare digits the enleavingject's hand, ject's sensitivity curto an electric all cuttings, leaves, grass garden and

tirely free to move in a horizontal rent, provided the following conclutrimmings, vegetable leaves, etc., so

position,plane. In a relaxed the sion: sensitivity average "The soil to that have the precious you may

finger of the middleupper phalanx electrical is stimulation decreased by resolve themselves they into. Never

face to perpendicular theshould be doses moderate of alcohol."soil. will that anything waste make

thatof the so recordingcamera, difficult to very the experiments, the one Of all soil—is it to recordthe attached Soil—goodwhen was garthese days, get every and concerning home coneye-movements was little as leversing there be would

it as can as should sidered Doctors much make den by and Dodgelateral levers as the of movement itself. for compost need Benedict to the greatest two imof be We carefulpossible. operator was The

it is bins, takes year pits since or a portance the because eyemovement unnatural therethat or should no be to the one Nature Mother for Old more most removed from the subor or position the offorced hand soil. will. ject's into usable turn refuse gardenfingers that the comand arm was

fortable. In conclusion we may say that the One pit should be used for ripening

results of all the experiments underand one for fresh leaves. When the

"\X7*hile the subject sat in a halftaken prove that the effect of alcohol contents of one pit are ready for use, reclining position in the steamer on the neuromuscular process in they can be used, and the pit is ready chair, with electrodes in position, man is narcotic. It immediately renfor the next year's leaves, etc., while

conand connected, for recording his ders futile the general practice of pit number two is ripening—a

electrocardigram as in wordre- trying to stimulate a person by the tinuous rotation of flower food.

action movements, a normal pulse administration of alcohol. During Plan for the winter house or winmovement was taken without finger all these centuries we have been dow garden—the cheery, faithful

movements. Immediately after this mocked by wine. Are we content geranium, begonias, bulbs, etc., ferns

record, a combined pulseand fingerto be deceived forever? and foliage plants that give such

movement record was taken as folWhat can be done about it? That cheer and delight to you as well as

lows: When the record started, is a problem for the whole people to to the passerby.

the operator said "go,"in time with decide. First, we must arouse public Surely, we whose heritage is that

a Jaquet clock beating seconds. interest and educate the public. of the beautyloving Pioneers can

After eight seconds the operator When all the people are of one mind do no less than try to live to the gave the signal "stop."After a on a subject, great and farreaching standards they set. By organizing

sixty second rest, but without disare the results. For instance, not all under the Church Welfare Comturbing the position of the subject's babies are born liking mush for mittee and cooperating with agencies

arm or finger, a second fingermove- breakfast in America and soup for in our communities, we can carry forment record was taken like the first. supper in France. These phenomena ward the work which they so ably

The standard instructions, given are simply national customs. A simbegan and bring beauty and comfort

before each experiment, were as folilar attitude toward total abstinence into our surroundings in the comlows: At a given signal "go,"move would work wonders in any country. munity, our homes, and our churches.

CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC—EDITED BY JOHN D. GILES

If the family is not at home, leave a card

WaJixL Jswudk&Jidu Wjitojaqsi, Qanuwiy, 1939 ing.advising of visit and inviting them to meetAs we face a new year in a troubled world, Latterday Saints face duringSeek visitsthe welfarebut at ofalleverytimes.family not only

visits *** interesting so that Make the famyear another of opportunity for service in the Church, for devotion to ilies will call. to glad return be have the principles of the Gospel demonstrations and for of appreciation for the careful record visits Keep of and made blessings received. have we to information to be reported bishopric. We have been greatly favored in the year that has just ended. The

horrors of war have been averted. Economic conditions could have been ( c ) Organizing of Ward Teachers:

very much worse. As a rule, our members have enjoyed more than an In some wards one member of the

average degree of health and prosperity. bishopric has general supervision of

The Church has made substantial progress. New stakes and wards ward teaching. In others, the bishopric

have been created; our membership has shown consistent growth; activity as a whole has general supervision. In

has increased in most wards and stakes; the Welfare Program has been either case the teaching corps should be

advanced to an encouraging extent, and in general the Church has prospered organized with division presiding and made splendid advancement. Teachers in charge of several district

We should all be grateful to our Father in Heaven for His many blessor block Teachers.

ings and manifestations of kindness and mercy. Division presiding Teacher, under the

Now, another year opens before us. What experiences and developdirection of the bishopric, assigns a pair

ments it will bring we do not know. One thing, however, is certain: the of teachers to each district or block

New Year brings us opportunities for service and devotion to the Lord's in his division. If, for any reason, one

work, for cooperation with our brethren and sisters of the Church and or more Teachers in his division canfriends and neighbors of other churches, for overcoming our weaknesses not perform their work temporarily, and shortcomings, and showing our appreciation for the blessings we have he assigns others to this work or assists received in the past by making every possible effort to live as true Latterhimself. He should visit with one or

day Saints. another pair of teachers to learn how

The New Year offers a new opportunity to make our lives square with they do their work and to advise with the teachings of the Church, to improve wherein we have been remiss, to them as to methods of improvement.

comply with the commandments of the Lord through regular attendance He should be a man of initiative and at Sacrament meetings, payment of tithing, respect for the Sabbath, observof resourcefulness.

ance of the Word of Wisdom, discharging our responsibilities in the If possible, sufficient ward teachers

Priesthood and in other organizations, observing family and individual should be available so that each pair prayer, living in harmony with our neighbors, dealing fairly in business of teachers will have fewer than eight affairs and in every way possible living as true Latterday Saints. families to visit each month. In coverIt is suggested that Teachers encourage all members to examine their ing their district, however, each pair

own activities of the past year and where improvement is desirable to begin of teachers should endeavor to visit with the New Year, making every effort to order their lives in conformity every home, whether members or nonwith the principles of the Gospel and the teachings of the Church. members. If nonmembers are found

that are willing to be visited, they should be reported to the bishopric or

SUGGESTIONS FOR IMPROVEteacher to be appointed and get his special missionaries for further visits.

MENT OF WARD TEACHING promise to undertake the work. reportCarefulmadeaccountto the shouldbishopricbe( preferablykept andIN 1939

(b) Instructing Ward Teachers; weekly) of people moving in or out

'T'he basis of successful ward teaching The bishopric should instruct them of the ward.

is the love which the teacher has at the time of their appointment relative for his fellow members, and his desire to desirable qualities to be cultivated, (d) Checking up on Ward for their welfare. Successful results as follows: Teachers:

least once each At week (preferably in this, as in other every branch of Be clean—morally and physically. at Priesthood meetings ward ) progress Live the Gospel. can work,Church most effectively be

obtained by placing responsibility upon Seek the guidance of the Holy Spirit. reports on ward teaching should be

men, and then requiring at suitable inPray together as companions before makobtained either directly from each pair visits. or of Teachers, the division from pretervals an accounting of the work ing prepared Be siding Teachers, on special message to be and such encouragedone. delivered to members. given the ment bishopric by be as may

a thorough Gain of knowledge the Gossuggestions here to The have made desirable, looking to the carrying of on pel principles of and instructions the auresults. getting the mainly of withdo diligently. the work thorities.

into are six subdivided headings,They is roll In in called some wards the time of weekly to visit convenient Makeas indicated hereunder; family. Priesthood meeting of pair each of

(a) Selecting Ward Teachers: DevelopStudy eachfriendshipfamily forand everyoneeach individual.visited. pairTeachers,gives andthe innumberansweringof familiesone of eachvisin to their bishopric Endeavor meeting should meet each The of the member far. ited thus In others, division the

family.discuss qualifications of to be men presiding slips Teachers submit showvisits profitable to everyone. Makeselected. Qualities desired are: Love ing the progress each In made week. discussion Encourage the family by onof the Gospel, of printhe knowledge either is in the case bishopric touch with the matters presented.ciples, kindliness, tact, charity, perthe this progress of in blessing Leave a important every work. home.

sistence. qualities these Though may This procedure not require need more stay only long to Make enough gain lacking theybe can developed. be five six than or necessary minutes'in information, time give weekly innecessary

The bishopric should personally and struction and have such conversation on Priesthood meetings.

in a heartto-heart way consult each the subject as may be advisable. (Concluded on page 747)

CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC EDITED BY JOHN D. GILES

visor will make a special effort during meetings, and to martial the forces of full participation. UnTHE NINETY AND NINE December to have every member make each quorum for

tt And he spake this parable hisChurch.full contribution of service to the pectedder the tonewattendplan theeachSundayquorummorningis exunto them, saying, Conference session as a body, with all

"What man of you, having MAXIMUM ACTIVITY MARKS the quorums for each ward sitting toan hundred sheep, if he lose one HIGHLAND PARK WARD gether. Representatives of Priests,

of them, doth not leave the AARONIC PRIESTHOOD Teachers, and Deacons have been asninety and nine in the wilderAt A recent Ward Conference sessigned places on the program, which interest of to the materially should add in of the Highland Park is "sion ness, that after Ward which and go the of Aaronic boys and young men activities following the Stake, Highland it. lost, until he find official this Priestin ages Priesthood of the the part reported on were it, he hath when "And found stake. gathering of each hood Priesthood members: Aaronic it his layeth shoulders, he upon chairmen, Stake commitand ward service seventeen In the Sacrament rejoicing. teemen, are supervisors and quorum seventhe passed bread and Deacons

"And when he cometh home, teen other Deacons passed the water. urged to give full cooperation in the

he calleth together his friends Five Deacons were staged as orderlies operation of the new plan, which and neighbors, saying unto among members of the Junior Sunday should prove decidedly helpful in buildthem, Rejoice with me; for School, assisting in passing of the bread ing quorum unity and morale,

I have found my sheep which and water to the young children, and was lost. also assisting in maintaining order. One STUDY COURSES FOR 1939

"I say unto you, that likeadditional Deacon acted as a messenger /'"Nrders are now being received by the forty for for accounting bishop; the in shall joy wise heaven be over for Presiding Bishopric the new

service, in representing actual Deacons in sinner that 1939. repenteth, used to manuals quorum one be more

the in four the ward. quorums

is effort the to being Every have made than over ninety just nine and in Priests the participated adFive for ready manuals shipment Deby repentwhich no need ministration of Sacrament. the The 10. anticipation In of becember the 7. to 15:3 persons,ance."—Luke assigned to Teachers. the ushering was first the ginning in the of course new of activity large of group such a The it is in that meeting urged January,

re- a Priesthood Aaronic members wasLAST OPPORTUNITY CONTO each secreappoint a manual quorum sult careful deplanning the of andTRIBUTE MILLION TO ONE will solicit tary orders from quowho of period a a system over velopmentASSIGNMENT PLAN for the study manuals rum members is into of years, to bring designed which beginning of plan 1938 the a was each. at 10c supervisors At Quorum of activity every each week, member''announced, the under which initiative Aaronic this in should the plan. take

Priesthood members under 20 years of every quorum, as far as possible. Each quorum should have its order for

age were encouraged 15. to make an effort

to have million assignments one filled NEW PLAN OF STAKE newThe supervisormanuals readyshouldbygiveDecemberthe ordersduring the current year. PRIESTHOOD CONFERENCES to the ward chairman, who in turn will

Under this plan, each member was 'T'he new plan of Stake Priesthood request the ward clerk to send in the to be asked to fill at least 26 assignConferences announced by the combined order for all of the manuals.

ments per year, but preferably 52, or General Authorities gives a splendid In many of the stakes the orders are one each week, which is the standard opportunity to Aaronic Priesthood sent in by the stake clerks for all the recommended by the Presiding Bishleaders to arouse interest in these wards, which reduces expense conopric. At the half year period, the

total assignments filled were 412,242, being somewhat below the half million, which was the goal for the first half year. It is believed that the deficit can

be remedied if every member could be induced to fill one assignment each week during the month of December.

There are in the Church 46,571 members in the Aaronic Priesthood under 20. If each of these could be induced to fill one assignment each week

during December, a total of 186,084 assignments could be filled in this one month alone. This would mean that

this remarkable number of acts of service in the Church would be performed by members of the Aaronic Priesthood quorums alone in one month.

It is believed that every effort to have young men increase their service to the

Church, not only helps the Church, but in even greater measure helps the person rendering the service. This is the YELL0WST0NE STAKE AARONIC PRIESTHOOD CHORUS AT STAKE CONFERENCE, SEPTEMBER

purpose of the effort to have one mil25, 1938.

President center. left President Glen Heber J. Counselors E. Grant Hess, H. Cameron and On his A. filledlion assignments during 1938,

E. Archibald. at were Aaronic session, and and present Priesthood afternoon A. Of the members 353 the 772in

3t is hoped that is right. every superProfessor of Priesthood Hanson, third Conductor members. quorum of Chorus, at end row Wm.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1938

siderably, and has been found to be a 1938, will far exceed those of any preChairmen of Aaronic Priesthood and satisfactory method of distribution. vious year. their Committees that immediately at

Each quorum supervisor should seResponsibility of checking up on each the close of the year the records of cure the manual for his quorum as early quorum of the stake and making applievery quorum be inspected, and if the as possible and read all of the instruccation for the Standard Award, if it has award has been earned, that applications before he conducts the first class been earned, rests with the Stake Chairtion be made immediately to the Prein the new year. As rapidly as posman of Aaronic Priesthood. It is besiding Bishopric. It is recommended

sible thereafter, certainly within the first lieved that a number of quorums have that the awards be presented in Stake month, he should read the entire actually earned the award, but because Conferences, or Priesthood meetings manual to become familiar with the the procedure recommended has not in order that full recognition may be subject matter, the sequence of topics, been followed, the award has not been given to the quorum officers for their the special events programmed, and applied for. It is urged that both Stake excellent work.

the general phases of the program.

is important.This

Subjects for the study course for THE WORD OF WISDOM REVIEW next year are: Priests, "Spiritual A Monthly Presentation of Pertinent Information Regarding the

Growth;"Teachers, "Priesthood ReLord's Law of Health

sponsibilities;"Deacons, "The Deacon

and His Priesthood."YOUTH, CRIME, AND ALCOHOL shows that 83 per cent of the youth

in 18 between the and of his 25 area hearty cooperation of quorum The onefifth of all crime tabthan JUfore inquiry drinking. were of Twothirds issupervisors responsible others and of the ulated Federal Bureau by those to 18 21, from threefourths and in efforturged provide to an every its Investigation ReCrime Uniform on of those to 22 from 25 drinking were at the a withquorum member manual is to alcohol: related directly ports

liquors. hardbeginning the of year. liquor laws, intoxicated Violation of

in study, Another eastern an made persons driving, drunkenness. YoungAARONIC PRIESTHOOD state, that seaboard per 54 cent shows this picture, for in 38 prominent are 1939 FOR ofPROGRAM the people young questioned were

all liquor laws, violations of of cent per drinking. Priestfor plans Aaronic all driving, intoxicated of per cent 36

Still study, another Allied by made activities, projects, hood quorum is all cent of drunkenness 29 per/omplete and in in city important Youth an New in lessons are contained theand new old years offenders attributed to and 29

State, senior 2,200 high where York for will ready 1939, bemanuals which Sioux under. T. Medin, John Judge school students questioned, were 10.for distribution Plans December by is said Falls, to S. reported D., have

that cent 48.62 per showed were offor the the observance Anni110th recently offenders that most of the 226 drinking, all that of twothirds the and of the Restoration ofversary the penitentiary, to the state committed students from came where homes some Pilthe including Priesthood,Aaronic drinking before they 225 have been alcoholic served. beverages were in to connectiongrimages be conducted in for crimes the they which engaged

results these with high Checking it, in in the are containedwith manual sentenced. convicted and were

Illinois, in school groups Michigan,detail.

feature is a list of quorum A new Extent of Youthful Drinking theOregon,resultsLouisianawere andapproximatelySouth Carolina,theprojects, in connection both with quorum activity and as a part of the Today all young persons have to same: 44 per cent of the students

Church Welfare Plan. make a choice between drinking or not drinking, 60 per cent coming from

Special helpful instructions and sugdrinking. A study made by Dr. Paul homes where alcoholic beverages were

gestions to stake and ward leaders and Studenski, New York University, served.

quorum officers are also included.

Orders for the manuals are now being

Bishopric. Presidingreceived the by

price postpaid. each, is 10c Orders WARD TEACHINGThe

should be sent, preferably, through (Concluded from page 745) ward or stake clerks. If any Teachers are unable to visit, activity of the Teachers should be given

and the work is being hampered, the and any especially encouraging inciSTANDARD QUORUM bishop, through the division presiding dents related. This procedure can be

AWARD FOR 1939 teachers, can make temporary assigncarried over, if properly arranged, in

Ctandard Quorum Awards for all ments to care for the situation. a relatively short time.

Information to be handed in by disof the ) Reports Teachers Church From quorums Ward reaching ( e to Teachers bishopric directly or teachers'report the monthlythe meet-: trict set the Presiding standards At by

Bishopric and outlined in each of the ing, to be held near the end of the month, through division presiding teachers:

either of the Priestas a part again weekly are manualsquorum announced and Names addresses of families moved'or as separate meeting meeting,for 1939. a plan the presented hood Under in from. and where

report sheets should for be turned qualifya year in by which ago, quorums and addresses Names of families moved pair of each preferably Teachers,the receive 1939 will Standard Award in to. where and away

the threestar certificate, indicating through division presiding Teachers. Births, deaths, marriages, etc.

Information in writing bethat should received they have the Standard

Cases of sickness, distress, and trouble. for changes. regarding four years. furnished consecutive Each diAward

Under this plan the regular certificate vision presiding Teacher should make Report sheet of visits.

is given to each quorum for the first a verbal statement of the number of (f ) Results to be Expected:

it families visited total in with the theyear compared reaches standards which If the Teachers are performing ward isset; division, in the together the star second number year added, one with their part properly the result obtained!

teachers comments. star any additional If any district forand an each is added will be:

of the next two years. have suggestions or questions they

The number of Standard Quorums should be given the opportunity to Increased attendance at Sacramental and throughout the Church was practically present the same. Roll call of teachers other meetings.

doubled in 1937 over 1936, and reports present should be had. Instructions Greater love and kindness of members for

already received indicate that applicarelative to following month's teaching, each other.

tions for 1938 awards, which will be and the nature of the message, should Increase of faith among members.

received immediately at the close of be prepared. Commendation of the Decrease of transgression and trouble.

OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS OF THE GENEALOGICAL SOCIETY OF UTAH

JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH, JOHN A. WIDTSOE, HAROLD J. KIRBY,

President and Treasurer. A. WILLIAM LUND, Assistant Secretary.

MYERS, M. KIRKHAM, L. GARRETT JAMES CHRISTENSON, JOSEPH

Treasurer Assistant and PETERSEN, MARK E. President. Vice

Bureau Superintendent Directors. of Research ARCHIBALD F. BENNETT, HILL, ELLEN Secretary and Librarian. Librarian. Assistant

CYCLE TOURS TO BRITISH standing example of this is demonencountered and solved, and what asCEMETERIES strated in the experience of a member sistance can be given in record keeping, short, in In research, temple work. and

genealogical of temple all phasesBy Clifford Hartley spentfrom approximatelyLiverpool and sixthehoursauthor.searchingWe and

TiyfAiNTAiNiNG progress in the geneathe records of one church, and the only activities will be exemplified in the * A logical activities of each branch is fees the minister would take were a course of the story. At the end of these

for lessons grateful are listed "Points Discusthe "thank promise and you"task,a important since most we realize practical of for to give families will serve the of a typed record sion"which necessitythe of this great Preswork.

ton Branch of the Liverpool District which we had been searching. application to the truths presented in the

has evolved a system of combining outIn this great work we find that where body of the lesson.

desire sincere a prayerful and to work genealogicalings with has which work is manifest, than is more the Lord willHOW TO TRACE YOUR successful mostproved the past during responsibility ing to help that us. The summers.two ANCESTRY

is ours is brought home to us when we It has been our practice to have one or more of the missionaries lead a group are actually engaged in this work. My Tn the National Historical Magazine

(official of the personal of has eliminated experience organ Daughtersof tour members the own on a cycle on ) as to the authenticity of the the Revolution any doubt American for Novemhalf holiday.weekly goes group The

equipped with small notepads and pendivine command that was given to our ber, 1938, page 56, some helpful sugcils, and the tour is routed to pass at Prophet, Seer, and Revelator in the gestions on research are given which fulfillment of of are Malachi. reprinted the below. prophecyleast cemeteries. arriving two Upon

I testify that can and humbly I know readers to In requestsat the our response from in graveyard, the charge Elder

I blessings experienced dethose for in helpful family suggestions compiling allocates parts of the area of have or rows all it is scribe, sincere that wish and records, shall to time give time my from we tograves each copies then member, who to of us references for that serve counted as have be bases worthy may may all inscriptions territory. in the his

research. the privilege of continuing in this work further local of the societyThe chairman advice always Our for to come. many years all the entriesgathers sorts and them first to attempt do her is ownthat research.the individualDo

theirinto various groups. name is to collect try that everything to be "TEACHING ONE has to fasten splendid This given try method ANOTHER"nothad surname and then on the Genealogical reThe New Senior individual the recordsults, wellknown on some with than 40 cemeteries bemore

Course of the same name. Follow your own lineageing covered on 14 halfday trips. The

outline chart according or from yourto antotal miles, about with 300 mileage was of desire the Genealogical is the Tt self parents, grandpnrents, through your in A actual spentapproximately 52 hours all that Classes Society Senior comgreat-grandparents, on, giving so and recording. plete the lessons they are now studying dates and consecutive residences. Thistheiris

When our activities are completed by the end of the year, so that all will the only satisfactory or reliable procedure.

here the expense of searching records start with the new lessons the first of Accept nothing that cannot be proved by will be in a great many instances halved, January. vital statistics, wills, deeds, and other official is tradition records. usually Family possibly altogether.and some avoided all for text lesson Senior GeneThe

it fact, relied cannot but upon be simple the of writing expedientBy the alogical for the Classes year 1939 and based until supported evidence. upon by genealogicalbranch chairman, has who first is entitled half the "Teachof 1940 All exof information sources should be

all in his keeping, recordsthe inthe is It in story written ing Another."One letters, plored, as family correspondsuch

formation can be gained in a few minform and is made still more attractive ence with different relatives, town and utes which formerly would have taken with numerous illustrations. It is now county histories, etc.; newspaper accounts

weeks of graveyard searching. in the press, and should be available of funerals, especially those of rural communities, data. often give extensive family has other This advanmany of the distribution for end Novemby

files are Undertakers'seldomsoughttages. stones, noticed many will text printed be ber. lesson Wesystemhave This

file in of information. source have on Wea recording, sufferedwhile which have will obseparate as be volume, a and several of Library mortuary volumes ourthe ravages of time, though even some in for tainable 40c and cover in paper records of persons the died during year who

were in sheltered places. The thought cloth binding for 75c, postpaid, from ending June 30, 1850. These give the name,

impressed me as I looked at these stones the Genealogical Society or the Deseret age, state of birth, and cause of death.

that it is going to be difficult and exBook Co. Those of Georgia and Tennessee arranged

pensive for someone to trace his geneAll Senior Genealogical Classes by counties are especially helpful.

localities establishing are geneaMany family, that particular throughalogy start lesson the the course should new libraries. logical in the public departments it yet, for usand be would how simple first assigned year. of the is an There should twelve This be encouraged. The organizationas of an the Church lesson. senior for to date each Every of census schedules should 1790 be among

make ourselves responsible for the fourth week, however, instead of a the first reference books acquired and the recording of every cemetery in our own regular class discussion being held, cost of $1.00 per volume is negligible when

home town. the members of the committee and class one considers the world of information that

contains. each R. Lineage D. A. Our after preliminary also meeting that sending or members, a found by We later especially the publications, as Books, pairs for together, in willgiving out to the of the epitaphs a go copy home

societies patriotic as well of other those in of theminister teaching particular the of the ward. church homes whose lineage for requirements with membership,

yard we had covered, we often opened The text will give actual examples contain excellent material for research.

the way for further work to be done on of home teaching visits, effective methBear in mind always that cooperation is the register inside the church. An outods of approach, how difficulties are the keynote of success in every undertaking.

General Superintendency General Offices Y. M. M. I. A. General Presidency

I. A. Y. M. M.

GEORGE Q. MORRISI. A. 50SALTNORTHLAKEMAINCITY,STREETUTAH LUCYY. GRANTW. M. CANNON

JOSEPH J. CANNON General Offices Y. W. M. I. A. HELEN S. WILLIAMS

BURTON K. FARNSWORTH 33 BISHOP'S BUILDING VERNA W. GODDARD

OSCAR A. KIRKHAM. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH CLARISSA A. BEESLEY.

Executive Secretarit Send all Correspondence to Committees Direct to General Offices Executive Secretary

President Grant's Tribute to Martha H. Tingey spireexample,her familyis my tohumblefollow herand splendidsincere

prayer, and I ask it in the name of our

the with I have been women whom acAmen."Fromfuneralthe ofremarksMarthamadeH. Tingey,at the of more value than life itself, and of all Redeemer and Savior, Jesus Christ.

I quainted had of no know one who former President of the Young that knowledge more perfectly than did CREATIVE WORK IN STAKES

Women's Mutual Improvement AsSister Tingey. Her parents were AND WARDS

sociation, we have selected for reloyal and true Latterday Saints. She

printing here these words of Presiwas born like Nephi of old of "goodly HThe Theme Festival idea and prothis will for history is gram finest make of that the parents,"one and will be which dent know Grant we

I... that confident are the A. that heritages of have. us could M. any yearWe untold thousands the appreciated by in I the stakes achievements and wards "I while remember was happy how valiant Sister Tingey's of knewwho will Particularly I be long remembered. in calling the of England, read when

work in the M. I. A.: of Sister Tingey to be the President of it is desired that all officers and memto their creative attention bers turn I organization. our Young Women's of that the "I feel grateful hour gifts within the it work, "Developing recognition a fine of her these thought was

I so that might services changed was people them."should be Everywhere ability integrity to devotion and and present. being privilege of the have original inspired stimulated to write and the the that she been Lord named had

first of the Young "Being a member to dramatizations; or plays I produce President. her congratulate family

Men's Mutual Improvement Associaon the very remarkable and wonderful original poetry and public addresses, in the tion Church, organized and one stories, to original or essays; compose set that for them. she has example And President, to the counselors of the all illustraoriginal dances, and is life in for all eternal store of there of music

course, I have been as familiar as one them—-not only life eternal but the tive of our noble theme, "By love serve

could be with the growth of the Muhighest glory, if they will only follow one another."

tual Improvement work. Before the the splendid example that has been left

started work Improvement wasMutual their Sister mother. Tingey, them by SERVICE SUNDAY EVENING Assoto of a Literary us belongeda few

"I for grateful the so never GosDECEMBER am Literciation as the "Wasatch known of pel occaChrist Jesus upon as I am I outlined for writing just program the Sunday Association."ary HPhe was

down the results of this beginning in sions of this kind. It has fallen to my Evening Service of this month

connection with Mutual Improvement lot to attend funerals in faroff Japan, "The Savior of the World, the Divine in in different parts of the England, and the to alongwork: Happiness"Road

I States, people United and have seen beautiof the of the Church was a one most "The President be made reconciliation stricken beyond series. of our association; care also Rudger at—canGuideful of the should bemember Great

of the anguish funerals because and of the in the President its preparation. exercised Apospeo-Clawson, The

... hopelessness of their outlook. F. tles; also Apostle ple invited Whitney; Orson of the should all be ward

Brigadier General Richard W. Young; "I want to leave my testimony with to attend and should be informed ahead

the first Governor of the State, Heber you good people that from the time I of time as to the nature of the program,

M. Wells; Rulon S. Wells, of the First became interested in the insurance busiso that they will come in a deeply reCouncil of the Seventy; the President ness as a young boy of fifteen, meeting ligious attitude of mind. Those who

of the Young Ladies'Mutual Imwith officials of various companies in take part upon the program in the adprovement Associations of the Church, England, Scotland, France, Germany, dresses, the book reviews, the stories,

Martha H. Tingey; the manager of the New York, Chicago, and San Franthe music, should do so in the spirit of

Church Newspaper, Horace G. Whitcisco, my association has been with worship and adoration of the Redeemer.

ney, and many others. Last but not people not of our faith, so far as my

least, some of us found our wives in business relations have been concerned, M. I. A. ASSEMBLY

that association. and I have never found anything that

"All of the very splendid things that has been an obstacle to my faith in the Programs up to date have been enhave been said here today I know from Gospel of Jesus Christ. On the other joyed greatly in all of the wards of

personal association and intimate achand, I have been finding from time to the Church. Particularly entertaining

quaintance with Sister Tingey to be time, all these sixtyodd years, arguwas the one on November 8th, "Betrue. She was worthy of anything and ments that appealed to the intelligence tween the Book Ends."

I that of divinity possess regarding the I said. thateverything has been know Let's Parties Have Move this faithful lives of the the work; and faithful, true humble,of no and more 7th) (December Saints, the Latterday complete and Sister than SaintLatterday was is also of preseasy This a program failure faithful, of those not are whoTingey. entation. several to intersperse sure Be to of the even members which Quorum for grateful "I the Gospel indeed am talks. the musical between numbers

I that obedient, belong not been have in gratefulof Christ; Jesus I am my

heart upon occasions of this kind far have been evidences to me that this An Evening With Bach beyond any ability with which the Lord work is true. "Obedience is better than (December 14th)

has inspired me to express my ideas of sacrifice and to hearken than the fat of If done well, this evening will never true gratitude and thanksgiving..,. rams,"and no more obedient, splendid be forgotten. Every person present

"We have the truth. We have the sister ever lived than our good sister will be lifted up and enriched by an

Gospel and we have the Plan of Life whose remains lie before us. increased acquaintance with this master

and Salvation. We have that which is "May God bless her memory and in- (Concluded on page 750)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1938

from the pages whisper should books to write school authornew reason church and tears; of laughter Secrets hallowed and juvenile ities concerning groups have who the of life,Mutual Messages TheirTheir enchanted games games be—of

letters this of hotel, at those fair years. the to and throughout been rules play them many And (Concluded 749) page from in vein. a complimentary not were You

to spirit, of heart7 find sweets of and Where pleasure the well genuine understand may to along kindly the helpof music. way? suggested words in the Of program As

in writing you. I have welllived fruits of years the and grow Whereitself, three presenof there are ways loved? yours, Respectfully

six, in todayl stockingstation, I put facilities the would These to various adapted (Signed) Baker, Andrew W.

It is the thatof wards. hoped tick the Manager. hours throughout should away watch no The

association in the Church will omit this And measure only moments glad and gay.

evening on music. AndAndsoundwarn a temptations,little chime fraughtwhen dangerwith fear,nears,away. THE CIRCULATION OF LIBRARY BOOKS

Christmas Gold (December 21st) A doll I'd find endowed with power to speak

Another lovely religious program is WithAnd handswhisperto graspall thethejoysheartstringsof motherhood;of a girl By Amelia Bennion

light into good. pathways guide her this and for theoffered evening preceding And all time, this the of books of your Dy ***** invitation SpecialHolidays. should be I in frock for vain jewel; magic seek and collection should accessioned be and

of timepiece, silverchimed. For witcheryissued to of the to gather members ward are of record book. each a They made little instead, a prayer drop, wordless And real thetogether enjoy Christmas and I gifts life find. bring will cannot the That classified, also each a number, with so

spirit, ***** listening of story to the the Babe shelf the is grouped that each book on put are their childhood days And when scripture, toldof in the as Bethlehem six, at for Christmastide! they dreams dream May subject. other aside, with books on the same

Courtesy Society Magazine. Relief with interspersed to choice poemsand with a prepared pocket Each is now

Christmas Music. slip. dating a should, cards and Three LIGHTS CHRISTMAS OF THE attention has Special Note: Our filed for to book, prepared each be be Carlton Culmsee By fact that called to the abeen number in people wanting a where box books

scroll history, yellow the of Turning invite associations personsof from just in see can have your what you gifts the precious most to man participate to theother Sunon wards thinly clad poor from men. Bosoms 1Havesaw comethat library.

bitter the of feel need. world's the wind also Can Service Evening programs andday classifying as Perhaps your were you souls there are earnest are ashamed And who the Assembly on Tuesday Programson can ones the they give them That about needy give to found, numbers, books them you

search clothing; so is they food So little and case, theevening. such we Where that a contained than one more book their longing fingers thin hearts with of the Their special that these guestsstrongly urge finer things. forth bring strangely sometimes And it difficult subject. for This made you

entire the invited during to remainbe it. to give decide to After number what all over but gave much, mother me My at particularlyevening, the Sunday fostered, that she of the love Christmas hold decision, reached a you you wanted

in deeper IChristmas meaning. spirit gracious Service. TheirEvening let to patrons catathe your know by lit First she prestalented theirof cooperation and little of candle baby's crimson a The the logue subjects treated other about

lilts. jolly all, glee Primitive with Yuletideentations appreciated are deeply by in the that, In to order book. do you lights. tale the Colors, of Christ with and Next it is felt not accept that theybut should of taper the awe. young white kindled She subject another can catalogue make

an eveappointment than on onemore title subject, the the of card with new Christmastime, sadness then her empty one Andning. for the having she nothing loved At ones in. file it the author, the and book and

sorrow almost covered with a smile A the statement In the Guide, Executive order. as alphabetical can make You see a gleam she of words made me And hope—for the that evening on madewas I that before: something seen should Of have for of as these cards want, you many

in the the folks That threadbare hold power garments give the"Christmas would Gold"Era in subjects as the as book you many greatly. doing giving splendid Of and deeds to additional from which poemssome centuries ago. proved long Jesus As will use. think patrons to your want

select. are given of below them Two if life in Christ, example, of a For Mary reveal a to world brightened has gleam That is froncalled also the to attentionand flush sunrise a potent, rich with and More is treated, write another His mother

promise. Of this thetispiece of poetry and magazine it file in the catalogue, subject card and gather never Likelypage. believe gold,I shall heavy but heap of A giving the the informapages which on

I inner reach vein anI day some That may that found, so be anyone wantmay tools for of metal the strong men tion some Of SIX CHRISTMASTIDE FOR AT plateau. to the the high roadways work Who to will ing about something her know

By Elsie Talmage Brandley From The Improvement Era. be able to find it easily.

lamplight table spreads a theAround where cheer, pool of of golden ring a warmth, A

I poised, pencils love, sixSit brows HOTEL EXECUTIVE PRAISES to Now,find allin orderthe cataloguethat you maycardsbeforablea and with Drawn into lines of puzzlement severe; MORMON YOUTH CONDUCT certain book (if it is lost or destroyed,

) vital is library not write import at the in your hand work more anyOf of the and the 7V manager letter from write of they Santa Claus To list of of the card a author back on the writHotel, Angeles, Los tell Embassy their of wants little andschemes.hopes. needs him andTo

To ask him to remember all their dreams. ten to President Edward Sutton of all the cards you have made for that

is lost, all of the book. book 'ere the areTheir signed, ana names When dreamfraught Oquirrh Stake, contains the following:

page these removed. cards should be Howflutter, chimneyplace. the flameborne, Shall upThey ask that I shall read with critic's eye; HOTEL EMBASSY ever, wait for a long enough time to

Anxiety on each young is stamped at Ninth St. Avenue is really face. Grand that the gone be sure book ***** Calif. Angeles, cards out don't the take Los and if you have full troop, eyes of distances—bed theyTo

to glad things them So make or many another copy of the book if you are they see; President Edward Sutton their off, letter wellsaid. prayer safelyTheir of to process going This buy another. to Oquirrh Stake, peacefully. slumber, give themselves They

Tonight six children rest in deep repose, Magna, Utah. writing a list on the author card of all

Their slates of life all clear, their troubles few; the catalogue cards is called the tracing

Sir: Dear six will grown, they beTomorrow women (finding cards).

in all view. the the of problems world With the recent Legion American ConDuring is start thing can Another you now

for silken sheen; partydress with askThey I in privileged vention numbering was circulation the keeping of and books throat to wear; necklace white young a on For this hotel, of of the guests group a among fruit sweet; for games;For and candy and books is of a card them. account an There girls Post, the from boys Amerand Cyprus doll with curly wristwatch, hair—a and A bearing the the in of book, pocket each I the told majority of Legion, ican and was *****

fireflames misty, the eyes and grow number. and the call numberMy these young people are members of your accession

silver stars to arrows and Are my sight. slip have a datedue on the You also I the gifts Church. shall find for to them seekWhere

That I would put in stockings six tonight? The conduct of these young people was page opposite the pocket. When the pa-

I would find magic fabric for a gown so outstandingly fine, and they were so retron brings the book to you to be checkcaptivated everythey freshingly its wholesome close in happiness; wearer wrap To the the out card from out, take ed book

Its of to modesty, folds a cloak be in contact. they with one came They whom it the person's Its pocket. silver to dress. innocence on white gleam name Write their families, credit respect to in every are a

if the necessary) address, and (and I luster clear-- find of would pure and Jewel their church and to the community of of radiant thoughts maidenhood; and hopes The the and date book is due, which on Magna. setting Its simple, purest the joy as

Is found in simple task and quiet aood. Upon many past occasions I have had keep the book card. Also write on

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1938 the datedue slip that date on which the M Men committee which will give treasure books full of priceless stories, book is due, which is to remind the added interest to the tournament. Here pictures, music, and poetry. Making

borrower when to return it. In most you are: them is helping to carry out the Mutuallibraries a book is lent for two weeks. 1. This year the expenses of ten men wide project of love and service, for

If that is not sufficient time, the borinstead of eight will be paid at the tournahow better may we serve our neighbor, rower should bring the book to the ment. This will include nine players and our children, our grandchildrento-be

library and have it renewed for another the coach who has been working with the than to give them in attractive and readtwo weeks. This new date should be players during the year. able form, true incidents which will

stamped or written again on both the 2. At the tournament this year the exawaken or strengthen their testimonies

book card and the datedue slip. File penses of all of the teams from outof-town in this wonderful Gospel! What a

these book cards in order by number. will be paid for during the full period of the priceless heritage will be our testiIf the book is kept out over time, detournament. This will include a meal on monies, our experiences, and those of

the night teams begin Tuesday when each will chargecide ancestors years to our fine you from what when now we arrive in town, Thursday, and Wednesday, is fine tradithat the or week. are gone.day Remember There so much It will also include Friday, Saturday. and

trouble with many of our Church col- a meal on Sunday morning before the teams tion in the Church that should be kept lections of books is that they have been leave to go back to their homes. Until the alive by the Gleaner Girls.

borrowed with no record and have bepresent, the expenses have been paid until The three nights designated for this come lost. A fine for overdue books the teams have lost two games and been project during the year should motivate

the eliminated tournament. from So come to return remind borrowers them girlsmay the but with work, do much who

full to for stay the prepared tournament, fine time. This can used beon money outwill their time to spend books have

if fellows, lose should then stay and you for suppliesfor or buying books new class. side of that of the joy and Their the rest the of and enjoy games anyway.

the circuin preparing forused books their will those read more book who will paid. expense be The

lation.

When you inaugurate this system, ned3. forSomethingall of theextraordinaryteams at someis beingpoint plandur- thanspend.compensateOne groupforof anyGleanerstime likedthey

explain to the people of your wards ing the tournament, a gettogether of some the project so well when it was introwhat your rules are and the purpose of kind. duced several years ago that they deIf cooperation. for askthem and posat cided another's homes, to meet one best, your everywhere. do So Men Msible, to get to permission speak each nights, alternate on to work Monday are greatest the tournaon We

allauxiliary other to meetings exand their totime a books and have good in for history ment next March, Men Mplanning that the system,plain so each auxiliary gether. group, past although This in Salt City. Lake

will want to add books to these collecGleaner age now, is still meeting and tions to provide reading material and working. Can you imagine how lovely

aids their are? books

lessons. to their members in the study of -O"*- *the begin Just and you will never stop,

this will afas a librarian, For you talent as the hidden and a knows who Katie Jensen, C. if especially education,ford an you Stewart, Nixon Helena artist, poet, chairman;W.FredaLarson,Jensen,FlorenceGrace or writer that of music may

B. Pinnock. into to the ablelook be books enough be uncovered.

to help people not only in caring for find in also helping butthem them ma- 'T'heA certainlyproject ofdevelopingTreasures ofdozensTruth ofis The following (Continuedis an originalon pagecontribu752)terial that they about. not know may

A very famous librarian, the author of some books on librarianship has said, "Reference work is sympathetic and informed aid in interpreting library collections for study and research."A

book that will prove helpful to you is

Akers'Simple Library Cataloging.

IFrank W. McGhle, chairman; Dr. Franklin S.

Harris, Homer C. Warner, Floyed G. Eyre,

Werner Kiepe, Dr. Wayne B. Hales, Alma H.

Pettegrew. "D asketball is in the air already. AlJJ though colleges and high schools

throughout the country are engaged in working off their football schedules, and that great national game holds the interest of most athletic fans, the M

Men, nevertheless, are making plans and even beginning their basketball schedules in some places. This present

year should prove to be a banner year for the largest athletic league in all the world. New features have been passed

on by the General Board of M. I. A.

which undoubtedly will make for keener competition than ever before. The

teams in every section will be more anxious than ever before to come to the

AllChurch finals held in Salt Lake City 1. Queen and attendants of Gold and Green Ball Story telling group of Second Ward, Parowan

Stake. held Stake. Pasadena Ward, Alhambra

of opera of proCast cast of a playlet the musical of Normandy,"pre- "Chimes 2. Membersin

sented by Stake. Festival the Alpine written at duced the in Prague, MaybecauseM Men,of theseeverywhere,innovations.take careful

siotice of these recommendations of the and directed by members of the Y. W. M. I. A.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1938

if that should ever be a part of your First, we'll lesson our begin withMutual Messages workplan again. bring lessons bundle, us December's

joint is plan fine in the Your working 75 Continued page from 1 start for Christmas."back "home They

it this tried. is of stake wards being wheretion the of from( Elsie Standring book first bright the the world's road on on wards that not have convinced been TwoCollier, like to and would enjoy you we in history, with walk where we Adam is thing yet. is a good attendance The

it, it If like too. as as you much light the the of we end Gospel and we better the leaders are in favor where muchit

have, you might want to place a copy of the plan and they meet together right in front of our own hearthside, of it in your own book. as you suggest. Our chief difficulty now is figuratively speaking. Our Christmas

getting the groups to mixed go home when tell lessons of story sublime the our THE GOSPEL MEANS TOWHAT ME is over. to Mutual stay and want They Prophet, our dispensaboy of own Christ own Gospel of Jesus The Latterday have after every night a dance Mutual.Saints to tion, that a special means me day, "bank never our our and own own really to together want They than be more Ifails."health, guaranteed wealth, am and this opportunities. Let's restoramake intended. shall that about we do What we forhappiness I dividends. my Whatever for tion lovely a Gift our Christmas problem?

this intoput will I bank mine, always be Girls. first Junior this started out, year, we When we italone to can cause depreciate.

fine of group let's had Gleaner Girls very take and Then My I Story—let's in for habits put health, as good such

the few Gleaner leader sugMen. So it in our Christmas month's aM wrap up exercise,moderate tea, abstinence from

it girls that the gested take themselves upon it filling full of personal packagecoffee, by tobacco, foods, and harmful a cheerto get a of group to with. meet Men Mful life, I relating restful outlook sleep, to plan experiences the on Gospel take and

to bring one promised Each to an Man M vitality, fitout beauty, receptacle a and at of ideas the the each end the—follow next Mutual did. week. Well, They spirit.for my little lesson, that and touch largest the have classes of we suggest—for and Men M I in hours put of of study works, good of the Christmas book that Gleaners ever fact have had. In we sparkle—thatparticipation in activities, Church conand

is itself enrollment it our Christgreater charming a has than would make 400%structive I of leisure use time, take and my ever been. this Gift. beautiful In connection mas respectout of ability fellowmen, to my

impart truth and to develop my talents and Thanks to the field. We were sure covers have been made by many of our

to help others to enrich their lives, and it would work. More power to you groups. Some are of wood, in the form

knowledge which I can eternally build upon. in your work. of boxes, roomy enough to hold all the

I put in payment of tithing, fast offerthick and wellfilled leaves inside.

ings, donations and thrift take and out love consider the theme Next "By habits, I for appreciation have, what and serve proanother"our theme one and ofthe joy that knowing helping someam ject service "love in the home."and in need,one that helping and to bear I amI

that the idea with Gospel up Wrap of share Marba C. Josephson,%2umiouchairman; Lucile T. Buehner, for to expense placesmy worship

and play in. Emily H. Bennett, Angelyn Warnick. plan and see what an effective and spir-

I put in prayer, faith, and repentance, ited Christmas package it becomes.

entering brightest, gayest, the XXZe're the takeand right out to be administered this something with year do Can we vvto the healing the shining of and season most of by the Priesthood, power all family, that our are idea one we the to opportunity express thankfulness, the Christmas month. my children of that Father, year—December, our and God to courageand face life. in problems tell Let's the story other of the each is His on our kingdom home? Work I in time put seeking in genealogy, doing Star, that brightly so Christmas shone it for Christmas.temple work, take out the and of joy knowlowliest the of the over mangers and Iing that will I have kinship with then, those the reading course book. And babies. of supnewest you do Whylove in the next I world, that and have been Girls togetting about Junior How Star pose to a guide chosen both wasthe of means opening the for their way their class for gether buying a and copy

it represhepherds? wiseredemption. and men Did their for as Gift, or Christmas mothers a

I Lastly, in put light kind sent the words, truth?"of lovely deeds, "white good

their for daughters. mothers Juniorenthusiasm and thoughtfulness, take and like Girls to—or Perhaps Junior would

It's it fine fine idea a a book and and friendshipout and the "greatest thing in light, that the reminded "white pure be ties beautifullythe our with Gospel up world"—love. is light just right truth,"of the proporspirit. ideals our Christmas and tion all blending the complete of and

Then colors infra of red the spectrum—from JuniorExplorer our ultra violet. to lovely It includes all the for our last bundle,Dance—alet's havevery

Christmas colors that stand in our minds gracious, young, merry sort of party instruction, of out our growing dance fine for courage, hope, ideals—faith,/"ratifying responses are rebeing for joint year. Let's the plans and love, stand growth. does red What all ceived from over the Church carefully with it very have up wrapped for? us? green to does mean What connection the with plan to have it fine S. standards. L. Let our be D. light of Christnot the the make Why Gleaners and together for meet Men of bundle, month's part very ourinM a much inspiring to our Star Juniors? masjoint work. are reactions a Here few it let's sparkling also so with but have fine learn things other can from We localities variousfrom the prowhere live light of will the fun that Christmas Christmas

asgram the recommended General by all in year Junior hearts. may this And thing, unify to one can learn For weBoards has followed: been radiantly Star shine Christmas "tie bundles. up"our we year's When jointly, meeting Since our and—to M Men for you! all of find at shopping Christmas, our go we classesGleaner rapidly have grown in numbers. We have a large number of young arms full—a necktie from this counter,

married men coming out with their wives hose from another, handkerchiefs or to the classes. Until the program was made perfume in another package, and if we

a joint affair we never could get these do not actually drop or lose some of to couples toyoung out Mutual. come The load, chairman; our precious Anderson, S. Wells, Margaret are worried and Ethe! N. we

interest in class the work groups mixed Bertha by Tingey, T. K. Lucy Waspe, Ileen Ann scattered responsiharrassed the over Andersen, Caroline Adams. joy.is just a

tie If we'll are wise, them we skeptical very were trying about out bilities. We girls children care for all of in or put all up together, one "DeeHive themjoint as shall recommended, work but we

we'll basket! other In attending unify words, *"* mothers October to Conthathave admit it is working wonders

in this stake. The classes are becoming so them, which makes them easier to carry, ference! Saturday and Sunday were

large, however, that we are seriously coneven though their weight and number outstanding days for some of the Beesidering having the classes meet in sections. remain the same. Hive Girls in the Salt Lake City Stakes.

thing of, are only afraidThe do we if we Let's "tie noisy, our days Junior busy, Christmas they up"For two happy this, is that will not to obtain be able we we'll lives bundles. in the their applied use our cord a For BeeHive good fineas teachers as already have. we Anystrong, for the "I will taste glowing Project, testimony sweetand our Theme to thatway, want proyour you we know

gram works in this stake, and we doubt if wrapping paper, the Gospel plan, all ness of service through neighborly acts we could make a success of separate class sprinkled with twinkling stars. for children."Rooms in the Assembly

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1938

Hall were converted into a nursery. In b. Singing songs, ing Course Book, Little Soldier of the

one place children were gay as the c. Finger Plays. Plains.

d. Games.girls castles to build enter helped and holiday them the the season As we

e. toys. Making piles; chilin another,roads in the sand wishes Committee to extend 2. Offering to tired tend a

gleefully girls child who is toBeeHivedren climbed swept your and our greetings and down you and in a bothering mother Church.

the slide. There were also several in- 3. Being kind to children and refraining kindest wishes.

terested groups surrounding the girls from teasing them.

stories, told songs,as they sang and like Committee BeeHive would The callmothers Relieved games.played

to of report a to you them make ways the the at their childrening for of end girls that of times and your number their appreciationafternoon expressed D, E. chairman; Philo Hammond, T. Farnsworth. service children. to rendered have

this service. Arthur Peterson.of unusual E.

is well BeeHive Your work now is girls to found our This one way of part a Churchwide campaign should under completway. have Asa You project. are the themeapply What to ed the acknowledge foundation recognize and the and work awarded in to or stake doing your wardyou efficient cells cells in fields types of structural the leadership of and which have girls the protostimulate your make in the If past Religion. years contributed Outof-Doors and the to you is lives?ject their part of Christmas a

unparalleled the suggestions of of record adopted the the in comChurch to render appropriatesuch an month all is Scouting, there mittee, Builders using the are published the here now is spiritservice. of the season one The

first pictures girl series of handbook. of each Encourage a new men who three are giving. the ranksof Also

to is her received have get highest the while she and within book band awardall in Serof the Field Public working the of local Builder. a councils Gatherers should to power be grant The itself best project the adaptsvice and

in the Silver to Beaver. happily the is old working This combook award made girls field. thatto your make Have

last plete the started National the they year. Council by work upon recomgifts child, for or toys organize a and

this use of should mendation enCouncils Local handbook for They "outfestival for storytelling children thea tirely service standing of the parts use to not and any boyhood."new stories Christof Stories orusing Bible

mas in other lands. Have you thought book because that causes confusion. In the campaign now being carried

of having your swarm present a ChristThe Guardians are working under the on throughout the Church to attract possible in the every plan as contained book. to boy and new young man daily for children? Suggest playmas Scout of the a set Silver should each and Explorer have programs, The girls chilthat for turns might be donegood

sheets containing foundation the Scouters will be, and Beaver cases, in many in neighborhood. or thedren home

structural men. BeeLines which be the key may include: mightThese

office cents. Pictures the of other from groups Silver of for two or neighbor 1. Relieving mother by tending purchased smaller children: We hope that your girls have access Beaver Scouters will be published in

a. Telling stories. to and are enjoying the BeeHive Readfuture issues of the Era.

MEN WHO HAVE HELPED MAKE L. D. S. SCOUTING OUTSTANDING

Top row, left to right: S. M. Nielsen, former president North Sanpete Stake, Mt. Pleasant, Utah; David Smith, President North Idaho Falls Stake; Henry

A. Gardner, President Palmyra Stake, Spanish Fork, Utah and President Utah National Parks Council, B. S. A., Provo, Utah; Dr. Ray J. Davis, President Tendoy

(Pocatello, Idaho) Council; John W. Condie, State Superintendent Public Instruction, Boise, Idaho; Bishop W. L. Kilpack, Idaho Falls First Ward; Dr. J. W.

West, Field Commissioner, Teton Peaks Council; J. W. Kirkbride, former President Cache Valley Council, Supt. of Cache County Schools, Logan, Utah. Second row,

left to right: Jesse Evans, Explorer Commissioner, Rexburg (Idaho) Stake; Chester Thomas, Scout Commissioner, Oquirrh Stake, Magna, Utah; Dr. L. D.

Pfoutz, Chairman of Camping, Utah National Parks Council; Lloyd A. Davis, Stake Group Chairman, Shelley (Idaho) Stake; W. E. Nelson, Stake Group

Chairman, Wells Stake, Salt Lake Council; Lyle E. Ranck, Stake Scout Commissioner, Bonneville Stake, Salt Lake Council; Henry K. Abischer, Explorer Leader,

Logan 5th Ward; Phil Hurst, Stake Group Chairman, San Juan (Utah) Stake. Photo Courtesy Deseret News.

a

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1938

THE STORY OF OUR HYMNS (Concluded [com page 725) The second stanza is a plea for terday Saint Hymns, but is found horizon. The true Gospel was reforgiveness, a confession of a selfin Deseret Sunday School Songs. As

stored, and in 1830 the Church of centered and prideruled life. it is used by all Christendom, so,

Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints I loved the garish day, and, spite of fears, also, it is often sung in our congrewas organized. The unrest, doubt, Pride ruled my will: remember not past gations.

uncertainty of the religious world years.

were the birth pains of the old reThe Tune and Its Composer of admission past This is anligion born again. Aore than thirty years elapsed that a confidence but wrongs, God

It was during this befuddled period will forgive the penitent and blot after Dr. Newman wrote his

that John Henry Newman on June out their remembrance; a verse that hymn before it was put to music by

16, 1833, wrote his immortal hymn has helped and comforted many a Dr, John B. Dykes. In the interim

while the orange boat in which he struggling Christian. it was treasured in various publicatook passage was becalmed on the The third stanza is a note of astions on account of its rare lyric and

open sea. The hymn was the surance that the power that has poetic beauty. However, it did not

outcome of a mind tortured with guided him will still lead him over secure its high place in hymnology doubt. The first stanza is a longing the troubled waters till night is gone. until it was joined to Dr. Dykes'

it a "perfectfor home—a cry in the night—The last two lines, tune. One writer called

light. of for marriage and hymnprayer tune"—Dr. the smile, faces those angel with morn And is "It said: not himself, Newman I since, lost long loved line, step have last enough and Which "One That gainthat the the but tune has hymn awhile in the incident recalls anfor me,"

is popularity. tune the ed The of thelife Prophet father the of

is considerable great speculation caused have a Dykes', and Dykes in serious Smith. wasJoseph He their to as meaning. master."Newman, when see not could in Kirtlandtrouble and

lines at these asked meant, born what B. two Dr. Dykes was John difficulties. his of Onehis out way

1 said to he not 823. 10, Hull, "was bound remember England, March He his that path wasnight he dreamed his at of the director his career almost meaning as end musical began

wall. In de- a hugeobstructed by

it fifty believe years."referSociety. of the Musical Some Cambridge give tospair, when up about he was his angels, to red which, guardian of three author the hundred was He one saying voice "Take a heardhe felt it his the during of he dark days he the had custom hymns; and was the step and the tookstep."He lost for awhile. evenings to family spend Sunday

little. another took awall He moved the Religion, In or of Parliament for his held approval trying tunes over

step. another receded wall theand in in there criticism. the 1893, Chicago to 1849 were 1862 two From until time advanced he at a stepOne things the represenfound of on which composer Dean was Durham

he was in the open and the way made tatives of every creed could agree. Cathedral. In 1862 he became vicar

clear. That dream was experienced One was "the Lord's Prayer,"and of St. Oswald's Church in Durham,

long before "Lead, Kindly Light"the other "Lead, Kindly Light."and remained there until his death,

was written. This hymn is not included in Latwhich occurred on January 22, 1876.

THE CHURCH IN NEW YORK CITY {Continued from page 730) sitions, thus not only strengthening Director of Physical Research of the

Their roots go deep in time. Neither the branches, but also releasing the Bell Telephone Laboratories. His

winning nor holding a soul in the city missionaries for other duties. In faith in the Gospel has been a great

of New York has proved an easy line with this policy, James S. testimony to many scholars and

task. The groundwork was laid by Knecht, now patriarch of the New young scientists, who have at times

the missionaries. The indomitable York Stake and member of the High found difficulty in harmonizing

Parley P. Pratt opened the mission Council, but then a new and faithful science and religion.

in this city one hundred and one convert from Pennsylvania, was apNo less faithful have been many years ago. From that day to this, pointed president of the Brooklyn others of the Saints in this far eastwith the exception of occasional Branch. Later Dr. Harvey Fletcher ern outpost. The high council is a

lapses, the missionaries have conwas made president of Manhattan tower of strength. Every member

stantly preached "unto the City of Branch, and for a quarter of a cenhas performed outstanding Church

New York"-—warning the people tury, these two stalwart leaders, with work. Jointly they have rendered

"of the desolation and utter abolishothers, have gathered, organized, approximately two hundred and ment which await them if they do preached, taught, advised, married, three years of Church service in the reject these things."In the main, baptized, buried, and blessed the East, exclusive of their labors in

they have found the city as Elder Saints, and otherwise administered other stakes. Pratt described it—"of all places, in to their material an<d spiritual needs. The auxiliaries, genealogical sowhich the English language is During all this time, they have been cieties, and Priesthood quorums are

spoken, the most difficult of access richly blessed and have had a great also capably manned. Sunday after

to the minds and attention of the influence with the people. Since Sunday for more than twenty years.

people."coming to New York, President Dr. Howard R. Driggs, a member of

Nearly thirty years ago, Ben E. Fletcher has gained worldwide rethe General Board of Deseret SunRich as president of the mission nown as a scientist, having been honday School Union (and also a

instituted the practiceof installing ored by engineering, physical, and former president of the Manhattan local Saints in important branch poscientific societies, and appointed Branch), has carried the Sunday

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1938

EVIDENCES AND RECONCILIATIONS

[Concluded from page 713)

is measured as accurately as possible, and the logical hourglass that has been used in estimating average change produced in say one year, is comthe age of the earth.

pared with the total effect produced by that process The element uranium is radioactive. That is,

during the interval that has elapsed since its comit emits spontaneously, continuously, and uniformmencement. ( See Arthur Holmes, The Age of the ly various radiations. As it does so it is degraded,

Earth, p. 29. passing from one form to another, including radium,

The earliest method of estimating geological until the final residue is lead. That is, there is a

time was to discover the maximum thickness of the lifelimit to uranium, radium, and several other elestratified formations in the earth's crust and to ments. Methods have been developed by which

determine the amount of sediment carried annually the rate of this degradation may be measured acinto the ocean. Geological study indicates that the curately. The amount of lead, or radium in assothickness of the earth's stratified formations is at ciation with uranium will then point to the length

least 360,000 feet (Holmes, p. 79), and that the of time since the uranium was formed.

annual discharge of sediments into the ocean is It has been found that the age of uranium, desuch as to require millions of years for the deposition termined as above suggested, is lowest in the more of the strata in question. It is admitted that this recent rocks and highest in the oldest rocks. This

method can indicate only long periods of time, and is a confirmation of much previous geological work not definite measurements in years. on the relative ages of rock deposits. The age of

A somewhat more satisfactory method deals with the oldest rock approaches, by this method, 2,000 the salt in ocean water. It is assumed that the million years. The earth must then, by this form

first ocean water was fresh. The sodium chloride of study, be at least that old.

or salt that it now contains has been dissolved from It is a curious fact that studies by modern meththe sediments brought down into the ocean by the ods of the age of the solar system have yielded rwers. The water has been evaporated and consimilar results, that is, about 2,000 million years.

densed into rain over and over again, but the salt It is a most interesting chapter in modern explorawhich is not volatile has remained to increase the tion. ( See, The Age of the Earth, Arthur Holmes,

saltiness of the ocean. Estimates have been made 1937; also F. J. Pack, Science and Belief in God.)

of the annual discharge in the rivers of earth, their Those who hold to the longtime age of the earth load of materials, and the probable amount of salt point out that present scientific data indicate "an in the water and the sediments. Similar estimates epoch of creation,"2,000 million years ago.

have been made of the amount of salt in the ocean.

Then by simply dividing the annual addition of Every person must decide for himself, on the salt into the total amount of salt in the oceans, the basis of the evidence produced, which of these number of years of the accumulation is obtained. three opinions as to the age of the earth, before

By this method, acknowledged to be subject to many Adam, seems most reasonable to him, whether ( 1 ) corrections, salt has been added to the oceans for six days, or (2) six thousand years, or (3) many a period of about 330 million years. According to millions of years. Clearly it does not matter to one's

this calculation, the earth must be at least that old. daily welfare or salvation which view he adopts,

The discovery of radioactivity and the element except that every Latterday Saint must seek and radium, furnished an unexpectedly accurate geocherish truth above all A. W. else.—/.

THE CHURCH IN NEW YORK CITY

School banner in this great city, hujobs for unemployed members durSacrament meetings, fast offerings, manizing the Gospel, teaching its ing the past eighteen months. and Priesthood activities, and finheauty, and teaching teachers how The stake missionary group has ished fourth in the latest Era camto teach it. A newlyorganized accepted its calling, its activities inpaign.

Church Welfare group is struggling creasing rapidly. On a WednesFound within a day's drive of the

with the staggering responsibility of day afternoon, facing the former city are many of the eventful scenes administering to the material wants home of the New York Tribune, and connected with the birth and early of needy families. The magnitude across the square from a statue of history of the Church. Occasional

of their task will be partially visualHorace Greeley, its famous former pilgrimages are made to such sites ized, when it is realized that the cost editor whose just and potent pen as the Prophet's birthplace, Harof rent alone in this congested city turned American public opinion mony, Hill Cumorah, and the Sacred is ten times the monthly average against "Buchanan's Blunder"and Grove. A reminder of one of these

administered to needy cases in the stayed Albert Sidney Johnson's early Church incidents recently ocWest, and that practically one hunsword, one may find the president curred, when Columbia University dred per cent of the family food of the New York Stake Mission proconferred an honorary degree on supply must be purchased from groclaiming the Gospel to a curious and President Fletcher. By a strange

cery stores, garden projects being skeptical, but attentive, crowd. coincidence, he was seated under a

difficult. A fulltime Church emThe New York Stake pays an large oil painting of Charles Anthon,

ployment office has been established, excellent tithing, is ahead of the who will be remembered as the which has found some three hundred Church average in attendance at (Concluded on page 756)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1938

Darkness us, almost would swallow agree then both of the and bar soap in off sleep. to drop thing would York next we The The Church New transfers also ownership, so the do be would knew home. we supper, Home, we 755) page (Concluded from four units of leave money. As sheets. a we bath cool and warm

learned Columbia professor who the store, we pledge our eternal first gave and then withdrew from There was more to her letter. She friendship, invite him to our house,

Martin Harris a certificate addressed asked questions about games of "Run because henceforth we are brothto the people of Palmyra, certifying Sheep Run,"and how all the small ers, and he does the same.

displayed characters ancient ended. romances that the town had

I Actually at several bought bars that their authentic, I'd been. fool and a were to him What What a price a higher than native a would, "Politics,"little correct. fool. blind translation was

it is course. of fascinating to But bedstrange told, to ever going "Aren't "make are bed?"you we If style. oriental in the buy amount the are less strange It fellows,"voice Thressa McDonald's was No is larger, question the time consumtime. stairs, Could associations by of the top the wrought from coming

longer. proportionately ed is Goods that picture than in stranger early leaving a be are there the morn- "We say, in cost which, dollars ten Unitreceiving I Elder an ing, think the of a Emerand modern Mormon States take ed money, a full would Columbia from degree should honorary get son a litHawthorne and

in to style. oriental the forenoon buy cab- a with in tle goes."University, company rest before she

inet officer, a Federal judge, two "I'm not going,"I choked out. But many foreigners come, and, not

the the custom knowing of counbishop, presidents, a Catholic college going!""Not try, is give of them, asked what prelate, under Episcopalian for a while, an Thressa. and I have "Not

blissfully fact that ignorant of the Anthon? of Professor shades the writing to do."I just have some they paid sometimes as high as Time has slowly but certainly "But I thought—

three times for or the four amount in the held hatred the I've tempered "I but know, changed my could they purchased which have all things for this Morinspiration hearts stuff of men about and mind article. the is eliminating enlightenment real to I'm writemon; going a story—a course, of the fact mention Of of the prejudice, It members will story. and masterpiece be my

the are the habits customs and dispassionare judged beingChurch I'm going and to call it 'Commonthat "as at the time of they were same are. for they ately The radio what Things.'place

programs of the Salt Lake Choir, I can't remember whether I exFather Abraham, suggests that the the broadcasting of the conferences, pected Thressa McDonald to be beliefs are also the same, which the commendable newspaper articles provoked, disappointed, or just anbrings us to the preaching of the difficult. It is Gospel. extremely The program, I Welfareconcerning our that gry, but remember I do when

first will tell thing that they you is of the Bureau stairsthe stood, the she work of Informaclimbed to where tion on Temple Square, and the she was smiling an understanding what was good enough for their evergrowing popularity in the press smile. ancestors is good enough for them.

if youof President Grant, are effective.. And fortunate you are indeed

contributing factors to this favorable can shake that belief. Another difresult. On the Street Called ficulty arises from the fact that the

here people crushed so have been organization that our say To in Straight since the hard during and World immass any has York madeNew their sole that endeavor ( Concluded from page 722 ) War, now its this city twentywithpression on five hundred churches and six milvinced. This time he throws in, for is to eke out a meager existence. If

lion inhabitants divided among fifty good measure, the life of his newlythey do that, they consider themsects, would doubtless be an exagborn son, his own life, his eyes, his selves fortunate.

geration of the facts; nevertheless, hands and his feet, as a wager, and Here is an example. A sister who

each member has his individual will let us have it for four and oneis a member of our Church has a is afriends; and thousands of people in half units as the last price. We still husband, a nonmember, who

the East, in all walks of life, think are not convinced, but to finish the polisher of furniture. He works

better of the Church because of their argument we go up half a unit and fourteen hours a day, for which he intimate acquaintance with one or our offer stands at three and onereceives the equivalent of 40 cents more of its resident members. half. a day in United States money. Out

Life in the East has not dimmed "Why, this is unheard of. I of that amount he has to feed six

but rather greatly strengthened the never lost so much on any deal."mouths, pay rent, buy clothing, and

testimony of the active members of He shows us other bars and will pay school tuition. (The schoolsthe stake. A close view of the gladly let us have them for the price are not free here.) You talk religworld's wisdom, works, and follies, we offer, but he says that they are ion to that man and see what anforms a background, against which inferior in quality, because the bar swer you get. His foremost thought

the Mormon mode of living stands in question is the acme of quality. is how to stretch that forty cents

out in sharp relief. This mode of At last, his friend, who up to this to pay for the necessities of life.

living, developed in the West, has time has been silent, comes in beAnd so it goes. Of course, there

proved its validity in the urban East, tween us and tries to mediate. He are the rich here as well. But as the

thus demonstrating its universality. finds that our difference is half a Savior hinted, it is a difficult matter

unit. That is, if we go up that to interest the rich, not only here

I several have had the lecture showCommonplace Things amountdown halfanda theunit,storekeeperwe will havecomesthe butopportunitiesanywhere.to

( Concluded from page 73 1 same amount. So he asks the proslides, pertaining to our Church, to

fun. greatalong. would Oh! that was We is, for his prietor (that the purely mediaudiences, nonmember and

ran Rover,play with as he dog, your along ator's) sake, to half a countless interesting have had come condown thebehind wagon.

The crickets would be singing, and your unit and asks us to go up half a versations. The seed, at least, is bedad whistling some oldfashioned song. unit. (It is all a "putup"job.) We ing sown.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1938

The Protestors of actiongiving Hussof thecondemnedcup to laymen.as wickedThis honoredcouncil hasJohnbeenthe inTwentythirderror; it has withfirst

Christendom ness and madness, on the ground bowed knee, and called him most it holy, that a virtual of while that yet condemnation he they was knew {Continued 724) page from. Christ's guilty example murderer, and command. shameful a and. was authority.itself against church To indisputable af- [therein] besides, as proof crimes of they other saw He

18 to overthrow withagree was Huss fallible."that council the condeclared terwards they was when

22 wrote: order. Gerson andall law letter, another him."In he demned

"The most dangerous error, destruc- t-Juss was finally permitted to apwrites, "Wherefore did they kneel quiet, all political order and of council. In the before pear some feet, his the before and pope—kiss to is damone predestined of particulars holdaccused he wastivethis—that call father, they most holy him when

sin, has in mortal living ornation taught: ing doctrines not he had guilty to of most a him be knew over jurisdiction, rule, or power first that accusationno Huss was "The the atrocious crime? did Wherefore

people. Against in a Christianothers doctrine of transubstandenied the pope, for a cardinals choose one who

error it seems humiltiation.such an to my he could This his the of predemurderer declare with was

ity that all power, spiritual and temtruth, to be a false charge. Cardinal

poral, ought to rise and exterminate d'Ailly, however... engaged in Though the council had accused

it by fire and sword17 rather than by an argument to show that Huss John XXIII of nearly all possible reasoning."to principles,curious to his according ought, crimes, yet of he not guilty was."20

.. 28, Huss was doctrine. deny that On November his taking conscience as guide own

before and the popeseized largely and taken judged Huss's case was in in religious not conwas matters—he hearing, this first cardinals.the beAt appeared he advance. When sidered apostate dangerous. An accord said: "I came own of my fore the council, asked if hehe he was of reconcilchurch knew no means

if it council, be proved as writingsto this certain and acknowledged conflicting positions ing the of the that I have erred in anything I am his, and when he began to defend an council and of Huss; and d'Ailly

willing humbly38 to be corrected and article from one of them that had presented the demands of the coun- o'clock four he was read, Atamend."and "cited many been passages cil that to Huss, "First thou humbly

cardinals the before and scripture,again taken... they exclaimed from that declarest didst err in those thou

articles of accusation were read. that all this was nothing to the point. articles that have been produced

"They accused Huss of ( 1 ) teaching Whenever he began to speak he was against thee; next, that thou promthe necessity of receiving the Euinterrupted and not allowed to utter isest on thy oath, neither to hold nor

charist under both kinds and of at- a syllable.... At length when to teach such opinions any longer;

tacking transubstantiation; (2) of Huss saw it was no use, that he thirdly, that thou dost publicly remaking the validity of the sacracould not be heard, he determined cant all those articles."Had Huss

ments depend on the moral characto remain silent. This silence was promised this, he would not have

of erroneouster of the a confession that interpreted as priest; (3) now for been imprisoned set free, but 21

of the nature concerningdoctrine convicted."he was life. rereplied, "I However, Huss

the church, its possessions, its disciOf the three popes, the council peat, that I am ready to be instructed pline, and its organization."Huss persuaded the Roman pope to reby the council; but I beseech and

was held in custody for eight days sign and deposed the other two. conjure you by Him who is the God

in Constance and then taken to a John XXIII, before his deposition, of us all, that you do not force me closedark, dungeon narrow, brought Constance, damp fled from was to contrawhat 23 castle in in the Conthe a sewerto the mouth of back and imprisoned dicting myI cannotconscience."do without

vent of the Dominicans on a small of Gottlieben for a short time only, On July 6, Huss was conducted island in the lake. and then given a high position of to the cathedral to hear sentence

John XXIII (December 4) aphonor. Huss writes in a letter: pronounced upon him. After listenpointed a committee to take testi- "Now you may understand what the ing to a sermon and the forbidding

mony against Huss. Huss asked for life of the clergy is who say they of any demonstration on pain of excounsel, but it was contrary to the are true representatives of Christ communication, Huss heard the senlaw of the church for anyone to deand His Apostles, who call themtence read condemning him as a

fend another suspected of heresy. selves the most holy church, the most "real and open heretic,""the disciple

On March 24, the bishop of Coninfallible council; and yet this same not of Christ but of John Wyclif,"

chained takenstance and had Huss 19Schaff, the Christian History Church, of ordering vol. 5, and degraded him to be

p. 379. in lake. II, the of Gottliebento the castle the priestly order. from Six bishops History, II, p. 496. vol. IX, 20Neander, Church

During the day Huss was permitted 21Neander, Church History, vol. IX, II, p. 495. then took off his priestly vestments,

to walk about in chains, but at night put a cap on his head with pictures he was handcuffed and securely of the devil and commended his soul fastened to the wall. Here Huss to the devil. He was then turnedsuffered from toothache, headache, | CHRISTMAS... over to the civil power for fitting

digestion.hemorrhage, At bad and guard a was on hand i punishment: I GIFT.... ofthe beginning June, Huss was the city outside to be to take Huss

totaken to be a friary in Constance within convenient reach and more i To those who are away burned.neck to a stakeHe wasand chainedstraw andbywoodthe

hearings were held from June 5-8. and to those who are were piled around his body to the

"On June 15, the council took the home chin and sprinkled with rosin, and farreaching action forbidding the Give an ERA i he was again asked if he would re17In Creighton, Papacy During the Reformation, vol. subscription cant. As the flames arose, he sang,

1, 18Articlesp. 334. of Michael de Causis, Palacky, DocuSee coupon page 705 (Concluded on page 758)

menta, 199, in Creighton, Papacy During the Re[or II, vol. 22In 526. Neander, History, IX, p. Church

i—Jl II It II IInation, p. 336. II, 23In vol. 513. Neander, p. IX, History, Church

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1938

PROTESTORS OF CHRISTENDOM (Concluded /rom page 757) ate nothing which contradicts divine by means of external [physical] but the wind blew the fire into his commands of its own. The faithful punishment. The legislative power

face, and his voice was stilled. should obey these ( commands ) vol- [conferred on the Church by

His ashes were thrown into the untarily, but the Church can not alChrist] includes therefore in itself

Rhine so that nothing might remain ways rely on the good will of her the judging and punishing power.'"

... therehas members. need She of him. disposed pagans had The practiced, as in the case of When of fore not only of a purely means of the ashes of in the Polycarp same such Huss, a theory tends to destroy

spiritual nature, also of external but manner. life. all ethical hypocrites It makes

., of compulsion. means The of those conform destroys of the of and who Council member No judicial lawgiving and power. would not. those to do medieval Constance who ever The have is known

( to the without die power compel apparently church his solution protested against sentence. no knew No valzwingende have no Mache) of the problem presented council the or conever has pope by expressed ue.

flict it. of authority, the claimed regret for by

set has to the "Whoever power up council, liberty inthe of the and the Before of time Constantine the legal standards, to also belongs him dividual conscience. shall we What the Great, could church excommunifaculty the of assuring the observthink inspiration of the the of council cate and, with the members consent the of ance of compelling and same that to a condemned be burned man of disputants, the arbitrate could all to obedience of the commands offense only to whose obedience was It disputes. Constantine was prohibitions, requisite who and are which sensitive a conscience? the True, the the to try gave church power for the safeguarding rights of the Council of four held Constance was to cases decisions have and enforced of individual the public of order and ago, years hundred but inspired an the without of consent parties the in are taken which and to order

24 in possession the Church of was involved. ( states also: Heiner ) sichern uphold Christian prinsolution fifteen nearly centuries beciples life as basis the the of of to this attain "In order ( eternal salthat, fore a restored and Church was society; Christian this to he end must it vation), (the tolerChurch) may it to again. have be able to break the rebellious will

Heiner, Katholischces Kirchenrecht, vol. II, p. 7. ""'Heiner, Katholisches Kirchenrecht. vol. 2, p. 77. Heiner. Katholisches Kirchenrecht, vol. II, p. 7.

ill kit,1,,, BRITAIN LOOKS AT THE MORMONS (Concluded from 719) page the topped Norwich by Youth in the picture game, of Movement risks, volves great but men take them who to district. form in the teams Result: of help "Mormon to add greatly our knowledge. Baseballers—Champsa two column are they by basketball day coaches, night by British Baseball League"* which travel district the around holding meetings,

The Mormons account read: preaching, organizing community hymnUtah, perhaps, will remain more firmly in "Keep Fit"Mormons: Claim Ten tvill singing.

history as the scene of slow rather journey Convert Ten Thousand More Besides these there sixteen young men 347miles-anhour than a dash. car That "Give me some men who are stouthearted are missionaries England,, all over Mormon

was nearly a hundred years ago, when the men, preaching their creed of brotherly love and

Mormons dragged their heavilyloaded Who will fight for the right they adore. AngloAmerican friendship, slating exceswagons across wide prairies and rugged Start me with ten, who are stouthearted sive alcohol consumption.

mountains into the valley of the Great Salt men, For the purpose of their campaign they

Lake. And I'll soon give you ten thousand have divided England into fourteen districts,

faith the of Mormons, The which began more."subdivided districts these into seventytwo

ridicule, in stands in dignity renow and all sing the So over world, Mormons and branches, plentifully being each branch supspect. created have a They worthy and at the present there in are moment England plied missionaries. with

useful institution whose members do good sixteen athletic young men from Salt Lake Success teaching by and by the example of their City (Utah) who are giving the words a This methodical campaign has proved lives. upright real meaning. extremely successful. has Each year

Chades of the past! Such candid Ambitious Programme a steady growth in the numbers of Morseen

praise and utterly openminded thanScattered6,000 membersover Englandof the Churchthere areof Jesusmore inmonsthis incountrythis country.one hundredSinceyearstheyagoarrivedthey

comment would cause much turningChrist of Latterday Saints, which is full title have had to fight against blind prejudice over in graves that were closed a of the Mormon religion. Immediate aim brought about by untrue stories circulated

the sixteen is missionaries inyoung to inclinations about the of the polygamous century ago. But the visits to

this Utah of ofcrease this number in by 16,000, and Mormons. as Sir Malcolm such men Campbell, are aim they being considerably aided by Everywhere with they went they were met

John Cobb, and Captain George the Government's "Keep Fit"campaign. sly winks, jibes about their "boatloads"of

Eyston, and the visits to Great BritFor physical fitness is part of the Morwives. In the years that have passed they

religion. would true Mormon this No living in succeeded have calumny down ain of such as President men

of smoking, Heber mondream touching of form any effect that to such English 85,000 Mormons Grant, various the presidents and J. alcohol, in and they are consequence the set emigrated, Salt have up in Lake

of the British and European missions, fittest and one of the most vital religious spiritual home of the world's 800,000 MorCity, and generations of physically fit, groups in the world. mons, actual home of 700,000 true believers.

Baseball Champs for the future of the of Hopeful Church mentallyalert, cleanliving Mormon In this they country run a baseball this in of Saints Christ Latterday team Jesus missionaries have broken down British the which topped Baseball League table is the country organiser of American Eng19th Century superstition and have last season. In the North the fame of this land's Mormons, modest, drawling Hugh B.

cleaned up the disgusting slander team of young Mormons, styled Rochdale Brown."

spread to such that their an extent libel and and widespread misconmatchesGreys, of were often watched by crowds ception the uninformed. among 5,000 people. Mormons—andThus it is that theBritainMormonslooks atat thethe Two days after the Daily Express At basketball their prowess is almost British—in their country and in ours,

comment referred to above, Cavallegendary. That is why they have been and both find cause for a growing recade, the British Newsmagazine, calledfit"movement.to help with Lord Aberdare's "keep spect and increased understanding in

under date of August 27, 1938, under Sixteen young Americans have been in- a relationship that has now persisted "Religion"ran a twocolumn story vited by the Norwich authorities to coach more than a century.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1938

THE RETURN OF SOLOMON CROSLEY (Continued from page 721) He stopped the horses, untened the mare's tugs to the last

He turned his eyes away at last. harnessed them and gave them tree—a giant cedar whose deadThe spring was his—and the pasgrain, then set swiftly to cutting branches, growing from one gnarlture. The law had said so, and down a dozen dead and dying pines ed side, rose like tentacles in the

there was none to prove it false. and cedars. One little, green spruce air. Bess gave one pull; the tree

To be sure Turner had insisted he placed carefully in the wagon. whirled like a top. Solomon went

that Solomon's father, affectionateHe had yet to lie to a child. down under the impact of the

ly known as Old Man Crosley, had At last he had enough down, slashing limbs, rolled, caught frangiven halfrights to the spring and ready for the horses to drag to the tically at the empty air and dropalllost—ifthe pasture;there everbuthadthebeenletterone.was wagonbrancheswhereand loadhe couldwith littlelop offeffort.the pedboughsdownof intoa juniperthe spreadingtree that greengrew

Then had come that unforgetBlack Bess and Major came willout and up from the granite ledge.

table March day when Molly, goingly at his call, and he soon had For a moment he lay there stuning to the garret for quilt pieces, the work well under way. He fas- (Continued on page 760)

had found the yellow faded "copy'in the old cowhide trunk. He could

see it now—frayed at the edges, the

fine writing of a byegone day, almost obliterated by time.

"A copy of my letter to Carter

Turner. "I, James Crosley, do will onehalf the rights to Granite ledge spring and appurtenances, thereof, to you, Carter Turner, and your descendants, together with the hill pasture and two yearling ewes."

There had been more, but he had not stopped to read. He had torn

the document from Molly's fingers, ripped it into a thousand fragments and fed it to the hungry flames.

stone,—faithMolly had stoodand liketrusta slowlywomandyof

ing in her eyes.

Then spring had come again, and with it the terrible disease that slew the innocent on every side. Turner's child had recovered—a cripple,

but not hopeless, if treated skilfully in time. To his own little Carol

there had come no such reprieve.

The little dancing feet were stilled forever.

It was then he had broken faith with God and man. It was then he

had fenced off the spring and turned the brook from its ancient channel, so that no overflow could find its way to Turner's parching fields.

Many looked to see the "Wrath of

God,"poured out upon his bounteous acres. Little did they know

that the searing flames of hate and anger, and the cankerworm of greed and envy were consuming the very fibres of his soul.

Jri E turned at last into the CO IT PER MILE canyon road. Sagebrush and cedar

dappled the low hills that rolled up to meet the ledges. Below roared

Rainbow Falls. Solomon knew

what cruel javelins hid beneath that false promise. He had seen the body of an Indian guide two hours after PEP 88 his fateful step, all resemblance to WINTER GASOLINE

human form obliterated.

.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1938

HOTEL LAN KER SHIM THE RETURN OF SOLOMON CROSLEY 7th & BROADWAY (Continued from page 759) He held up his free arm and she ned and halfcrazed with fear. "measured"it from elbow to finger

Then slowly and cautiously, he tips. The next moment, she was

LOS ANGELES worked his way in, onto the shelf dancing on the bank above, kissing 'TWO PERSONS - ONE CHARGE"of rock where he lay for many minher hand to him as she flitted out utes, too exhausted to think. of sight.

Why, he was in his old room at He looked about him. Night was

home. Someone was calling his coming on. The sun had been down

.. name. for half an hour, and his legs were WE orrER COMPLETE A numb. cold and "Sol, lazy get bones. growing up you SERVICE ENGRAVING Daisies? The fields Summer? it's Christmas you know Missionary From portraits to the largest Don't

catalogues Mail Orders Given Prompt Attention. morning?"were full of them. Molly in a new His sister Letty was standing by print dress walked with him UTAH CO. ENGRAVING

113 Regent St. Salt Lake City, Utah his bed; his brother Tom was holdthrough the meadows.

ing something shining and new be- "You'll forgive me, Molly,"he fore his sleepy eyes. begged, catching at her hand.

"A gun, a real gun!"he shouted, "Oh, I do forgive you, Sol; I alreaching for it with eager hands. ways will."THE ADVERTISERS

His hand touched only the cold and Where You Will Find bare rocks. He closed his eyes with JTlE came to himself with

a shudder. Then with shaking a start. It was almost dark. He

Their Messages hands, he unfastened his belt and thought again of that Christmas

Beesley Music Co.. 762 buckled his left arm to a gnarled day when he was twelve. A gun!

Beneficial Life Insurance Co limb of the old tree. How he had loved to tramp the

—Back Cover "Hello, Daddydunky,"a little hills. His two boys! How he had

Brigham Young University 765 voice called down at him. His eyes robbed them of their heritage. And

Continental Oil Company 765 flew open to look up into the sweet Carol! Had she come to save him,

Corn Products, Inc 709 face of his own little Carol. She sat too? loving, forMolly—patient,it now too late? Deseret Book Co 741, 767 with her feet hanging over the giving—was Deseret News Press 766 ledge—feet in wornout little shoes, "Oh, Lord!"he prayed. "Don't

Eastman Kodak Stores 708 dusty little socks. A pink gingham let me die here with my sins upon

Ford Motor Company 707 apron was tied about with a red silk me. Give me another chance. Show

Glade Candy Co 764 tie. How she loved bright things! me the way, Oh, Lord! Show me

Globe Mills 739 Her sunbonnet had fallen down the way!"

KSL Radio Station behind so the golden blossoming of Along the eastern horizon a soft

Inside Back Cover in. curls in closing of clouds shoulders her a over hung scud was A

L. College.... D. S. Business 763 silken to slipped of filmy so she fragment Just web. had run moon

Lankershim Hotel 760 times. of the space. intervening meet him through hundreds The

Mountain Fuel 761 Supply Co little shifted pig has "This to clouds come out and saw then—he Grand Hotel New 762 still get grass,"she laughed, the star! wrigit hung, and some There

Ogden School of Beauty 760 gling her toes until one bare memluminous above the peaceful valley.

Provo School of Beauty 762 ber poked its pink tip between the Beneath it lay the Turner acres and

Quish School of Beauty..... 708 ragged edges of her shoes. She his own. Then the clouds closed in,

Rudin, John & Co., Inc 767 picked up a handful of leaves and and hid it from his gaze.

SchossRead Electric Co gap. the time thinking 762 pushed lay for a long them into The He

Shell Oil Company fell planning. with grunts deep "pig"responded and A snowflake Inside Front Cover. Standard Brands, Inc 765 of appreciation and shrill squeals upon his cheek—another and anSugarhouse Lumber Co 705 for more. He laughed aloud until other. Then something coarse like

Tee Gee Garment Company 740 his voice reechoed from the grantasseled rope slipped across his

Union Pacific Stages 708 ite walls. wrist. He heard an impatient nickUtah Engraving Company 760 She leaned toward him, one finer above him. The mare, hearing

Utah Home Fire Insurance Co 764 ger laid upon her laughing lips. his halfdelirious laughter, had

Utah Oil Company 759 "Sh! did you get the dolls?"come in dumb inquiry of her mas-

Z. C. M. I 710 "Don't come so close, pet,"he ter's plight. Though she had the

begged. "Pa's afraid you might weight of the cedar behind her, she

fall."had come.

"But the dolls,"she insisted. He caught the dangling halter

"Two dolls, for June and Minnie rope in his hands. Cautiously andENROLL(Commence Later if Desired)NOW Turner. I want them this long."with excruciating pain, he slowly

$25. Discount on a Complete She held her hands apart, surdrew himself to his feet. With a

COURSE IN BEAUTY CULTURE veyed the intervening space with foothold in the rocks and the rope

A State Accredited School a critical eye, extended them again. tied under his arm pits, he made

"There,"she smiled, "As long as his way up. He lay for a while exCulture of Beauty SchoolOgden that/'shaken, then with hausted and

TheatreOver Egyptian OGDEN, UTAH himself, greater effort rousing stagShe slipped down beside him in

Name - spite of his protests. "Now, measgered to his feet.

Address City State ure,"she commanded After endless moments, he har 760 Mention the "Era"when you buy these goods or services.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1938

bidding. Trumpets tooted, bells

The Return of jingled, drums rolled!

Solomon Crosley caps;SamJedJollyMasonchose thechosesweatersthe shoesand KEEP A and socks; Bert Cameron, because HOW TO

into the climbed teamnessed and in laundry, chose a he had worked HAPPIER before a secondthe but not wagon, ties; enHUSBAND shirts the Solomon, and

little of side the nestled spruce by tirely chose Jennie, dominated by lifel the This No boy! "Oh, seat. horses thethe under one The his wife daughfor the things and fuel to worry furnace about—nois willingly theirturned homeheads Stiff, ter. old rheumatic Beams, man carry to to ashes shovel—no of at the the canyon butward, end harthe couldn't played work, who fish There's out! to clinkers no into hightheroad, he them urged to waterglass accompani- a monica like place we no home—sinceway. ment. installed heat!"gas

it that so over hour an was And sacked, last everything was At later, the loafers at Pederson's Emboxed, or bundled and stowed startled almostporium were noin the wagon. Somebody out of away

their wits, Crosley HOW TO KEEPYOUR Solomon when last the ticed at minute there were in. unsteadilywalked Not once babies for the Turner presents in no FAMILY HEALTHIER that crossedfour years had he engeneral scramble another and

threshold. Now as he stood there, sued. A train, a wagon, a sack of Children, and grownups too,

white and haggard, his wet, windmarbles for the biggest; ball and don't catch so many colds due

tossed hair straggling over his blocks and woolly bear for the midto fluctuating temperatures, weary eyes, he was a sight to dlesized; an assortment of rattles when the home is kept unifrighten anyone. The loafers rose for little "Brandnew,"restored the formly warm with automatic

to a man and moved discreetly into equanimity of everyone. heat.

the background. Jennie Crane, balSomeone had timed the finish to

ancing her cash, cringed behind the a second. Solomon opened the doorcounter. to find the team harnessed, the presHOW TO KEEPYOUR

alone, ents blankOlaf Pederson, the horse advanced with covered iss all dere, ets,apprehensively. perchHOUSE CLEANER the boys "He men and and

poys; noddings to vorry apout,"he ed along the sides of the wagon box Smoke, soot, ashes and grime

beamed at the silent circle. {Continued on page 762) are things of the past in homes i

Jennie, reassured, came timidly z& oszTp /&-? ifj%>-jQ rS?"? /%& "SZjfyCA heated with gas. It saves a

forward. "Is there anything I can lot of cleaning labor—and prodo for you, Solomon?"longs the life of home furnish-

"Yes, Jennie, plenty and to ings. 1

spare,""But he answered. first, I papers, to Olaf make out somewant

givin'John Turner back his pas- [ ture and his rights to GraniteLedge JOIN THE SWING TO

Spring. You're a Notary, Olaf.Swear in two of these men when mt AUTOMATICyer ready. Now boys, heave to it. To those who areTo every man who helps Jennie,

I'll give ten pounds each—candy away and to those Natural Gas

and nuts, with a dozen oranges to boot."who are home HEAT An orange in the countryside had

to the adjunctnot an yet become this have can easily modYOU meal. Itmorning was a name in your ern heat home NOW. to i I

conjure with, a fruit of the gods. Remember, gas is the ONLY

One meant a Christmas treat; a househeating fuel that's fully

dozen gave the "Midastouch!"automatic. Come in or phone

The men rose with alacrity and for complete details on the ecostood attention at Jennie's side. nomical operating cost, and on

"And now, what?"demanded prices and terms for installing a

Jennie, "I've got to have instrucnew, modern gas furnace in tions."your home. I

at looked Solomon her dumbly rethankfullyfor then a moment, membered Molly's list in his pocket it to her gave her. Jennie gaveand See Coupon, MOUNTAIN FUEL like general. a a scuforders Such

feet, of paper, cracklingfle of popPage 705 SUPPLY COMPANY strings! ofping a weighing Such Salt Lake—Ogden—Provo counting! measuring Such andand

a peeping into boxes and barrels as Serving 21 Utah Communitiesthey flew back and forth at her &r o irvs-/o vJ/Wq oicVb oJzo cr*2So <?

These advertisers merit your support. 761

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1938

THE RETURN OF SOLOMON GROSLEY [music... 1 (Continued from page 761 or you'll catch your death. You've

with their booty between their been a fool long enough."

1 ALL OTHER OCCASIONS | knees. At every lane and corner The horses had no need of urg-

I Beesly Music Co. | the wagon stopped, and one by one ing now; they pushed forward rap-

1 61 SOUTH MAIN STREET | they scuttled away through the idly, only too anxious to reach thf snow for home like rabbits running shelter of their own dry stalls. Solo

to cover, anxious to begin the dramon tied the reins to the brake matic recital of the night's advenhandle and humped forward, his

Let me do your IRONING just tures, a tale that would lose nothhead bent to meet the wind. SudOne Week! SignedFred Schoss. ing in the telling. denly he felt old and useless, suckHe turned into the Turner gate ed dry of all his strength. Though

froTint fe at last. A feeble light shining he had ridden on the crest of the

off Takes you your feet through the tiny window panes aswave, he now felt only the backfor free ask demonstration sured him that the family were still wash of his emotions. Doubts and

SGHOSSREAD ELECTRIC CO. awake. Quietly, he stacked the gifts fears assailed him. Would his own

OGDEN TREMONTON beside the door, went to the winreceive him, or would they cast dow and looked in. A boy of fourhim out?

teen sat on an old settee vigorously The horses turned in at the open scouring the rusty barrel of an old gates. The light from the kitchen

gun. The father sagged forward in window called him from his stupor.

his chair, his long arms dangling Stopping the team, he hurried forNEW GRAND lifelessly between his knees. At the ward, only to find the warm, clean

table by the light of a single sputroom deserted. He looked toward HOTELSALT LAKE CITY tering candle, the mother painted the stables. A great square of melthe cheeks of a big rag doll with low light reached out across the

berry iuice. snow. He began to run, stumbled

and fell, and got up again The time second to too he was weak to turned the Jolomon rise, but slush through crawled the pile selected a long box until and the great reached he mud vigorously and: iknockedpresents, the on

door. Without waiting a response, posts by the door.

he walked in upon the startled Within, a strange sight met his little group. Turner arose, mingled startled gaze. Molly, her face alight

fear and defiance on his pale, with some high purpose, was folddrawn face. ing blankets for the saddle bags

"John, I've brought ya back yer that hung down on the gray mare.

land, and the half share to the Jim, hatted and coated, was down spring,"Solomon said hoarsely* on his knees splicing the saddle laying the document on the table. girth with leather thongs. Marty

The man stood staring like a sleepwas pouring something steaming it MlMWll—|l—II )i- walker, unable to adjust to this new and hot into a can and wrapping

thing. carefully against the cold. Dave,

aldressed like an was in yer greased "Get wagon and astride the ready CHRISTMAS... shape,"a he added. "I'll borrow Eskimo,bay—grandfather's his ancient musket behind we'll team, haul over and yer share GIFT.... I of the hay and grain."saddle horn. Little Buddy, yawning

asleep, sat and half box broken on a then to the turned boy He those To away who are little pink legs peeppajama taking the old gently and—his musket from to those are and who ing accusingly beneath from laid his in its knees, place. the box home his "Here, boy, this will be more to coat.

Give an ERA yer strength. Dave and Jim'll be "You'll not forget, Marty,"Molsubscription wantin'to hunt jackrabbits with ly spoke at last, drawing on her

in mittens placing toe the her and after this storm."ya 705 See coupon page shots 'Send "two means her stirrup, The on woman was now

ill t|iiii||.—Hi i iHm iwH-J—+1 II!!—II"i H—at stop the CorWe'll more help.'chair, the knees sobbing by and

praying. He slipped a bit of pink ners and get the Cameron boys.

in Cameron'll send Jim Grandma of his paper—half savings—bebells church a horse to have the her clasped ATTEND tween hands and huron

ring; shots three means, 'We've ried the from room.Provo of School Beauty Culture Fill him.'with found pans snow scarcely the into back was He School theThe Where is Kept Promise fire don't let the and go down."1st 11 East No., Provo. ran out into Turner when Utah wagon

A Life's income for a meager investment the yard waving the check and Then their eyes met. In an inFill in coupon ior further shouting, "Take back this money, stant she was sobbing in his arms.

information children with around crowded The Sol Crosley. are enough. deeds The Phone No.or2 reassuring of joy. hugs and cries bless you, the are deeds God

enough.""Pa,"Dave whispered brokenly,

"Go back into the house, John, "I'm sorry—I didn't mean—to talk

762 Mention "The Improvement Era"when you patronize advertisers.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1938

silk spots water old rose showsThe Return says it fits,"fat. I hope like hog he called "L. D. S. Training Pays!"

of Solomon Crosley as she started for the door. "Jennie i says it's a fortythree—now, mayso rude. You oughta slapped me be it was a thirtyfour."

twice."Can You Make! scolded, she running Pa,""Why, laid her head brown Marty playfully to pinch him back on the

"It's sorthat's hisagainst arm. me

it's thirtyfour. cheek, course a "of

I so to getry. never Pa. meant This Winter It's a that Bowles wears Grandma

cross and mean."fortythree."

Solomon looked from one to the other. "And you, Molly, I've things fer Count!

you,"he whispered, as he gathered "Well,"he said at last in an efBuddy's drowsy little body close fort to clear the nightmare from his within his arms. "But first, I want

brain, "The team's standin'by the to tell you, I've deeded Turner house. Go drive em in, boys; bed back his land and rights, and give

all the horses down and feed 'em him 'boot'besides."

well. And mind ya,"he admonished, "Unload the wagon first. Be "Oh, Solomon,"was all she said;

careful of them two long boxes, fer but he saw the faith and trust re-

I've heard tell how water rusts a kindle in her eyes. Then, as one

gun barrel somethin'terrible."worthy of a priceless gift, he kissed

The boys stood like stone for a the little curl behind her ear.

split second. Then with whoops Arm in arm they walked into the

and shrieks and catwails, turned night. The storm had ceased and

cartwheels, leaped, and raced toall the stars were out. There, in the

ward the house. gay galaxy hung his star, that, like

"And you, miss,"he said, pinchthe one that shone over Bethlehem ing his daughter's tearwet cheeks, Town, had led him to a stable door "You go see they don't leave out where he had found again that them squarish boxes. Jennie Crane "Peace"of which the angels sang.

A few months of intensive training in shorthand, typeLeave My Spirit Here writing, bookkeeping, maMemorial volume of the Writings of chine calculation, business

tice, etc., will qualify you for HARRISON R. MERRILL correspondence, office pracpositions that offer excellent

Fifty poems, articles, stories, that preserve something possibilities for advancement.

of this unique man's rich personality.

Success comes to those -who are willprice—and the down (Detach and Mail) paymenting to payis PREPARATION.the

Dr. Vasco M. Tanner

Brigham Young University May we tell you about our courses,

Provo, Utah rates of tuition, employment service,

Just send us a card, or call Please of etc.? send D. copies me C. O.

1812. Wasatch R. MerLEAVE HERE—Harrison MY SPIRIT

rill Memorial volume at $1.00 per volume, plus

shipping charges.

Name I L. D. S. BUSINESS

Street No. COLLEGE

City 70 North Main Street Salt Lake City, Utah State Day and Evening Classes All the Year

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1938

PORTRAIT OF A YOUNG MAN (Continued from page 717) to the theater whenever he could, discovered that they were out of the road sometimes when he could see only a and that they would have run me in a ditch fraction of the play although he with of turning the a good chance buggy | CHOCOLATES | out. family I led the seldom gave the name of the play. them over and my

jj PERFECT FOR THE jj bridge and got in again and drove about Among the plays he mentions are:

half the to Bishop's from Judd's way when of the People,"Bank- "The "A Man HOLIDAYS jj jj off fell nearly horse out I got down. my er's Daughter,""Rosedale,"and ft the very Only best materials that the again and found team again was Lights."the "Under Gas?jx most x and modern methods off the the in road horse slipped and had

Si x used. his friends; liked to with shoot off He to endeavoring the in grade. go Got

Q Avoid Disappointment by in- x the road and started again. Had not gone he admired fine horses, and he owned

x sisting far before fell GLADE'S. other on horse nearly down. my one. paragraphs show this J A few not to get Did turned right out but the and

it I I got about when the picture: thought where 5 5 CO. GLADE CANDY

ft ft Salt 25. Christmas. Saturday, I road Lake started December was, City, Utah Met again. on walking was

very slowly for fear I might run off a Clayton and Jos. Barlow at office. Went to

small bridge a short distance west of the shooting gallery with them—waxed them

Bishop's. As I was driving, not knowing both. Spent the afternoon at Mother Stringii i n—h—II—.ii--iiii—ii—it—w———n—it what minute I might upset the buggy and ham's. Evening attended the theater,

turn my wife and children out, a flash of "Pique,"by Home Dramatic Co.

I lightning came and I saw that I was just Wednesday, February 9. Office all day.

CHRISTMAS... I at Itthewasbridgetwentyand aboutminutesto tocrossten allwhenright.I sentApostleGrantLymanand Claytoncalled. someMrs. oysters.E. I. YoungEvereached the Bishop's and I had been over ning went to Jake Heusser's shooting gallery with Grant, hour an three Morgan miles. coming about AfterI GIFT.... | I got "did Clayton and J. someF. Wells,considerand team in the barn wife my and and N. W.

!! children to bed I got a lantern and started able shooting."The last five shots were

J. F. W. lost. Had To those who are away i outto seeto ifwalkmotheraboutandthreequartersSister Hale hadof areachmile oystersfor an oysterat Jim supper.Dinwoodey's.

and to those who are ed his place in safety. I found they had Monday, January 24. Stopped over night

home notall's come,and wokeso wehimwentup, toandBrothergot theWrathteam withtalking.Geo.Geo.Atkin.Jr. playedSpent aa pleasantwaltz andeveningschotGive an ERA he had come from Quincy with. When we tish and his sister and I danced.

Brotner Woolley's that we learned subscription reached all day. Wednesday, Mar. 9. Bank Atthe folks were in his house safe and sound. in tended in the Social an entertainment Hall

See coupon page 705 I A Lover of Recreation Wardevening.newIt wasmeetingfor thehousebenefitandof theSunday18th

School. of Farce Bonnet,"Wife's "My busiin operetta acts, and Capital two Joke.""A

in- B esidesness, FatherChurch,hadfamily,manyandother Performance a one. good was

terests. As a young man he had Wednesday, March 30. Took the 5:05

played baseball until his ambition train for my brother Hyrum's to get my left Rand. Frank Cross Woods We

at o'clock. 7 a mile from About my brothNOBODY CAN wasof beingreached.on a Afterchampionshiphis marriageteam horse, er's the horse frightened house at a became

STOP LOSS. informalthere are game,occasionalsuch referencesas the entryto anof usfireforin theaboutroadoneeighthand ran atof aa livelymile, brokerate withthe

spring the of quite buggy, but as it was March 21, 1881: front

it until dark discover the not we did EVERYBODY Monday, played baseball until dinner morning. Brother Clayton and I certainlynext

CAN AVOID thetime.trainDinnerfor SaltwithLake.Brother Gowans. Took hadhad notcausecometo downbe thankfulon us..that. Wethetraveledspring

about nine and a half miles after the accident.

IT THROUGH His journal reveals that he went Wednesday, April 13. I took a buggy

INSURANCE THE NATIVE BLOOD ( Continued from page 723 ever back to hers as the one relief

Eltceesie, full skirt with long her in the heartless landscape. With here you come When to indispensable the nature modest of the his blood in ancestors game

it, for insurance get you girl, of every glided Navajo nimveins, boyish let to the he scorned attentive, with coupled in bly the spite through of brush little shepherdess even dream he service. This experienced this hobbling handicap. Nature had still fighting was from with weak

is of the Utah an agency feet to run, given her limbs and it the monster destroyed which had

Fire Insurance Co. Home to given her heart had hands and his It father's family. the red was

work on and on and on with never pulse of splendid invincibility and a thought of quitting till the task nothing else that was bringing him was finished. Her sunfaded hair, slowly back to his former fitness.

still resting should have been sheepskin the fire. UTAH HOME FIRE hertied headin a withlittle abobcottonat thestring,backandof onHethe not But by CO. INSURANCE black her velvet a proud shirt, were to sit Peejo meekly where he—not of her necessary appearance. Yoinsnez the could frown same J. Grant Heber & Co. part childish round, face the Her was hateful challenge he had frowned

General Agents most pleasing feature in all Peejo's at Husteele because he knew HusSalt Lake City, Utah dreary vision of brush and sand. teele was a better man than he

From the monotony of gray hills himself!

and dry ravines his eyes wandered [To be Continued) 764 Let these advertisers know you appreciate their support by telling them when you buy.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1938

Portrait of a Young Man

.. riding in evening.ride met While we

really couldn't You his friend Jennings,Thos.. and Henry W. choice a better A ROYAL DESSERT make his had hol- $500.00 Ogden.Tribe from of dessert Thomas to add

cheer iday littlehorse. trot; found him a gave no We table than byto servyour his "fastdifficulty in with walking away Desserts. ing Royal FOR THE HOLIDAYS stepper."or high

In addition to their In looking over Father's letter appearance,attractive, theycolorfuladd books of 1880 and 1881, I find more varietyand giveto distinctionyour fare personal letters to his cousin, Anto your menu.

Ivins, than one to any thony W.

Get packages some far living their soelse. Despite Gelatin Desof Royal

apart they kept in close touch with sertsdeliciousin thesefruit flavorsseven one another. In one of these letters—Orange, Lemon,

he speaks of his horse: Lime,Strawberry,Raspberry,Cherry

and Pineapple. AlSeptember 24, 1881 soshoppingincludeliston Royalyour

Dear Cousin Tony: Chocolate, Vanilla

Butterscotch I received yours of the 19th inst. yesandPuddings. And don't

terday. Pleased to learn that you are all forget Royal Salad

Gelatin with of slight coughs exception thewell. With

for flavorthe meatlike find I certainly well. you will hopewe are those grand, mainthat mine you are hunting for. I would not course dishes and

object to having you locate a few hundred salads.

thousand feet for me, provided of course that none of the ore went less than the piece you assayed. I must confess I have

never had much faith in mines, but then

I had unbounded faith in Vinegar Works, and I trust for your sake that I shall not be as badly off on mines as I have been in vinegar. wrote me that you expected to visit University Training Is At Its Best You

Salt Lake in October. Have you given up

coming? The Fair starts next Monday

week. Come along, old boy, I am sure you

will live just as long if you should stop hard work long enough to make a visit.There is going to be a race between my January 3—March 17, 1939

horse and three others, October 6. Should

see tolike have you it. Hyrum made the Greater cultural opportunities: dramas, concerts, opera. in Idaho. whilerace I was

Driving Park Association gives the first Wider choice of courses, taught by an enlarged faculty.

the horse $50.horse second Each $50; horse Unexcelled offering of recitals and lectures by famous musicians all the first horse. to $50, puts up to go

Hyrum is living on the track, works the and speakers.

horse night and morning. He feels confident of success. The horse ran away with More students enroll in Winter Quarter than any other term.

him in a sulky about ten days ago and if of enough had presence mindhe had not his the lines weight on LEADERSHIP WEEK: JANUARY 2327 to drop and throw

the sulkywheel which was in the air, he might have got a broken neck, leg, or something else, I am almost afraid that that horse will kill someone before he gets off my BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY hands. PROVO, UTAH

Lucy sends love to yourself and Libbie, and all her friends and relatives.

With best wishes for yourself and all of the folks, I remain, your cousin, iff- n

H. J. Grant

The following entry shows that

Father took his part in other types \ of activity:

Monday, July 4. At 10 o'clock went to ML

the meeting house with family. The following program was carried out: Singing,

choir; prayer, Thos. Ben Chaplin and

Sr.; singing, Lee, is more than oilchanging assistants; E. and Bowman

reading of the Declaration of Independence,

H. J. Grant; oration by Lysander Gee;

Declamation, Shamus O'Brien, H. J. Grant;

speech, song, H. S. Gowans; John

singing, berry; assistants, and E. Bowman RowIconocoi GERM PROCESSED OIL

and music by Martial Band was interspersed between speeches. Ben Chaplin, T. A. Atkins, Sr. fiW mm**.

(Continued on page 767).

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1938

Solution to November Puzzle Scriptural Crossword PuzzleThe Law Repeated (Deut. 1:1)

YUUTIDS CHR ACROSS

1 Work 37 "then... men to call upon the

Gen. 38: of Judah 6 39 "And (Do yDJJL C/jdtlUL 7 The wife successively of two sons name of the Lord"

.. he wrote. the 12 "And tables"said. unto.. calledthem"all Israel, and

13 "which I command thee... day"41 Note; state

15 "The Lord is on my..."42 "... the first day of the month"

16 The true olives 43 River (Sp.)

18 He shows trained skill 44 "talked with you face... face"

20 The one river of Palestine 46 "I will... the decree"

22 "which I speak... your ears"49 "... it therefore in your hearts"

23 "Hear, O Israel,... statutes"52 Body of mineral

Enrich Them With Selected 25 "Israel is an empty..."Hos. 54 "Ye have dwelt long enough in

10: 1... mount"

26 Enemy 55 "all the words of this... to do

28 "behold the... of Canaan"them"

29 "all the words... this law"56 System of weights Lhrtsttnas 30 Son of the eldest daughter of 33 57 Oil

across Gen. 19: 37

land shalt... wherein thou 13, 15, 22, 20, 23, 28, 29, 30, 37, (greetings.. 3433 Nephew"Abread of Ahram Gen. 12: 5 Our Text from Deuteronomy is 12, without scarceness"any 44, 39, 46, 54, and 55 combined

from Choose the most AtDOWN tractive in Assortment

Town 23 WeakenGame 3231 "whenUnfold thou walkest... the way"

. this "as it is 4 day"Article in 35 Canaan Printed with your own 5 Attendant;.. neath.. (anag.) hath "The said in his heart, 36 personal sentiment and of healing Goddess 6 is (Teut. Myth.) There. no God"

name 8 Animal that spoke to Balaam 38 "... in and possess the land"

Now on display at 109 KindBad endingof glove 4039 "."tithe.. allthatthemarincreasethe land"of thy..."

11 Interpret; reversed, a town of 43 Note

Judah Josh. 15: 21 45 Attar

14 "For I know thy rebellion and thy 46 Pulpit... neck"47 "... for the day!"The Deseret 16 Oasis (Southwestern U. S.) 48 English poet; wore (anag.)

17 Masculine name Neh. 10: 16 49 "I have... the land before you"

19 Daughter of Cadmus (Gr. Myth.) 50 "and with all... might"

Relating 21 to certain Island mountains 51 LongNews Press Babylonian deity 24 "the mother 53 33 Richards Street 27 Printer's measure 55 "and,..., ofI amall withliving"you alway,

28 Having rounded divisions even unto the end of the world"&<Z/o SQjCo SJjCo &<L&o tf"CS?/o 5-/o &(&c 29 Part of the Bible

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1938

PORTRAIT OF A YOUNG MAN (Continued from page 765) Ask God to judge. Forgive everybody,

A Friend and a Maker of so that you may be forgiven.

Friends Even when Father was in his office in Salt Lake, Brother Lyman

As I view the picture of Father's would drop in for a brief visit, or life as revealed by his writing, I go to the home of Father's mother am impressed by the many expresfor a meal or to spend the night. BOYD

sions of deep gratitude for the kindHugh Gowans, Thos. W. Lee, MUNCIE

ness of the Saints, and his appreciJohn Rowberry, Jas. Wrathall, Bishhelpedation for the fine men who so ops Atkins Hunter, and and many The could have his work.him in one No it is fair scarcely that to others menbeen more solicitous than was Apostion names, were to the end of their

tle preceded Francis M. Lyman, who lives Father's staunchest and among

president. He, more as stakehim of LIFE friends. dearest BOOK he was their And

than any other friend, realized what friend, giving service whenever it into Father to be called meant to needed. His journal of July, 1881, Was Worth *500.00 to preside, for Brothstakea strange instance: records an

er Lyman's home had been in Millard when a similar call had come to andWednesday,went to theJulyoffice.20. GotI endeavoredup at 6 a, m.to to This Boy!

him. Father tells of the wise counsel find some one going to Grantsville, as I Really it was worth much more to him

to be worth more you and can and much to Sister him. send mediwished Hunter gave always someBrother Lyman

it is impossible children because your I in cine that sent her should while have beadvised him toPresident Lyman the to knowledge, value put on a money I to find Tooele. Failed so took anyone persuadedgin a journal. keeping ideals Christian obtained culture and He train for the Point, 4:55 having Lake

this great work. from telling to beard, him aFather grow to telegraphed Brother have Gowans firstmy

it would make him look older and team meet me. Was met by Richard Lyman.

more dignified. Father comments We drove to Grantsville, found Sister

on Brother Lyman: Hunter1 a. m. veryGavebad.herI medicinesat up witheveryher hour.until

Sunday, Jan. 9, 1881. At 10 o'clock met She felt much better when I retired.

with Brother Lyman in the vestry of the meeting house to organize the prayer Father's journal shows that he atgreatcircles. ICTORY a amount Brother gave Lyman tended School Sunday and Mutual

the instruction, brethren askedof good every week. had been in He realmost before could they be questionsmany All the Family For writes: office a month spirit he prewhen in the circle. goodceived A

vailed. In fact I have never attended a Boyd Muncie, pictured above, won a

meeting before in my life at which I felt Sunday, November 29, E. T. City. At- $500.00 prize in a recent American

so happy and contented. tended Sunday School and afternoon meetYouth Forum Contest sponsored by the

youthful This auMagazine. American I. attended the Y. A. M. M. ing—also prayer, instructions on Those writes: thor's mother in at the evening. each and meeting Spoke

briefly in the summarized School. "Journa the at at Sunday 25 minutes assigned Spoke on the was "Boyd's poem

of H. J. Grant"are well worth recallafternoon meeting which was about twice topic, 'My Hope for America', and

ing and perpetuating: as long as I ever spoke at any one time was modeled after the Psalms. He used

Must sustain authorities of Church and before in my life. theof Life'Biblein Poetryhis preparation.Volume ofIn'ThefactBookboth

stake. set. the entire read boys have my call to a stake be president The other. fellowship with each Have to meet helped has certainly me a in great had change Father's made of the willing to keep commandments Be boys."responsibility to my Itmy

life, Lord. his but he into put soul whole Oklahoma. B. Muncie, Nina—Mrs. let feelings between hard not come Must it the work, divifrom reaped and

shall the before sun go matter upyou—fix joy. of dends the of the end Atdown. Bible the first Reveals Whole

writes: year he holy. pure, Clean, and sons this in her of mother pride just The

clean. in and Clean body of is secret the too. mind—Room yours Here year of has can The be prosperity, one been

to used. drink. be not strong TobaccoNo Religious and LIVING. health to happiness VICTORIOUS and family. myself and or lightmindedness, nonsense, joking, No ministers, mothers leaders, educational I have greatly been feel blessed truly and

frivolity. praise thousands, the fathers by grateful and to.to for kindness His and God me of in mind. wandering Pray earnest—no I mine. to faithful, r continue hope as so

shall Fill pray. of heart him who ojj to merit a continuation of *7X* to His goodness Hook JZifie all for other each and and Church Pray mine. and me

- foi authorities. centered local plan Bible best as the

For young people to check hoodlumism Christian character development.

and become prepared to hold the Priesthood. JOHN gTTREET MAIM Spirit more sensitive than of Lord much RUDIN ILLINOIS& CO. INC. CHICAGO

offended. easily delightful and more we book of verse on A

ascends prayer we come properly, When that early pioneer life JOHN RUDIN & CO. INC. cannot concentration with and unity

be denied. By 1018 S. Wabash Ave., Dept M. E.

Do not have set form of prayer or speech, RACHEL BARNEY TAFT Chicago, 111.

heart. the sentiments of your Change speak oi THE VICTORY send me Gift 1 for any over the prayers and An appropriate at home. Repeated LIFE. of OF THE EDITION informationBOOK the Family member of V will tired. drink family get over Children position with youx a to consider like I iUUf| n IPlease should

in the spirit of your prayers. Company. Please send me copy of your booklet "Opportunity For Christian Leadership."anger. Refrain from DESERET CO. BOOK

only not to interest of education Devoted 44 East South Temple art, letters, in in theology. science but and My Nam* City, Salt Lake Utah

all times, spirit at to of have Live Lord so that prayers may be answered. Address767

LET'S SAY IT CORRECTLY OUT OF ORDER or Impatient either Customer: nouns to modify "Can't you wait on me? Two pounds is used and is an adjective Good of liver. I'm in a hurry."girl; I feel time; she is a good a good pronouns: He had

good about that. Butcher: "Sorry, Madam, but two or three are ahead of

Well is an adverb and is used to modify a verb; and it is also you. You surely don't want your liver out of order!"

an adjective and may modify a noun or pronoun: He did his

work well (adverb); he is well (adjective); she looks well in NAMING THE BABY

that dress (adjective).

TO THE EDITORS AND CONTRIBUTORS OF

Dear Brethren and Sisters:

Wish to express my appreciation to you for the splendid

I reading matter that comes to the Latterday Saints each month in the Era, including the fine articles written by our leaders who are inspired to give us the things we need in the day in which we live.

May the magazine get better as it has in the past is the sincere desire of your brother

William H. Young,

Route No. 4, Box 310,

Tucson, Arizona.

FROM THE "FIRING LINE"

Valdemarsgade 2 Aalborg, Denmark I'll the appreciation this to express opportunity take think I help telephone (outside booth) Impatient: "Can you Man

all which missionaries here the Era I of Improvement for The find want?"you the number

forward look every month. joy receive with much we: We I don't (sweetly) a number. want "Oh, Young Woman the help I appreciate anticipation. its with to coming much for Selected. pretty baby."looking for a I'm name my

its wish pages. receive only instructions from and we We

that we could have it translated into the Danish language so -$- that our Saints here could receive the same wonderful eninstruction. conour hearty accept Please and couragement is Hill: your "So tomorrow wedding anniversary. What

the are doing. gratulations for The Era is truly fine work you wife?"to get for do your you expect

"The Voice of the Church"and a "Magazine for Every MemGill: "I don't know. I haven't had any offers."

ber of the Family."

yours, Most sincerely Christensen, SUPPLY AND DEMAND Don R.

Teacher: "Who is the smartest man living?"

the invented phonograph Edison—he

stay night and up all so people would FROM ONE OF US "OUT THERE"andPupil:improved"Thomasthe radioA.

September 17, 1938. use his electric light bulbs."

Brethren: is is extensive so and of DAD KNOWS the Church moving program THE it is to that impossible rapidly keep so forward sense?"horse in "Dad, when has a man

intelligent touch with it without the Era. "When he can say, 'nay,'my son."

It is at once a necessity and inspiration.

herewith Enclosed ($2.00) two dollars my check for for FICTION NOTE send the Please please magazine which renew myis subscription.

to my residence: All fairy tales do not begin with, "Once upon a time;"some

Indianapolis, Indiana. begin, "I'll be working late at the office."

With best wishes, I am Sincerely yours, SOLD OUT (Signed) Ernest E. Owens. "I see you are always at the bottom of the class—can't you

CERTAINLY NO WORSE get"No!anotherAll place?"the others are taken."

Landlady: "I think you had better board elsewhere."

I often Boarder: "Yes, had."HOW ABOUT DURING? Landlady: "Often had what?"

Boarder: "Had better board elsewhere.""When is the best time to see Mr. Smith?"

"Well, that's hard to say. He's grouchy until he has his

<$ lunch, and afterward he has indigestion."

Politician: "Congratulate me, Dear; I got the nomination.">-

Wife: "Honestly!"

Politician: "Why bring that up?"Selected. First Golfer: "What is your handicap?"

Second Golfer: "A wife and eight children."—Selected. GOOD TURN

(to Scout Boy elderly lady): "May I accompany you THE REAL BANDIT street, the across madam?"

Elderly Lady: "Certainly, sonny. How long have you Bob: "I hear they caught one of those hotel robbers.

been waiting here for somebody to take you across?"Job: "That so? What hotel did he run?"

..ft M fK %.

456,280 PEOPLE VOTED FOR KSL and the DESERET NEWS

The Deseret News, fostering development of amateur entertainment, chose KSL as the medium to publicize a "Search for Talent Contest". In thirty

weeks, 456,280 people voted for their favorite amateurs!

That's response! Votes came from

sixteen states and Canada. Many of

the 1 640 contestants auditioned for the Above,sembly Hall.part ofBelow,the capacityamateur crow.dclarinetistsof 2400playwitnessingto both the"SearchvisibleforandTalent"unseenfinalsaudiencein the asSaltotherLake c<t

program found employment through testants wait for their microphone appearance. Ralph Hardy, announcer, is standing. WUby D

the contest. The Deseret News made ham,is seatedDeseretat theNewsextremeprogramtop. producer is seated, center, and Gene Halliday, KSL Music Direct

friends. The program provided entertainment.

So successful was the program idea, that the Deseret News now continues the "Search for Talent"on a larger scale than ever before. Both professionals and amateurs compete. Utah's

progressive afternoon newspaper offers cash, a trip to Hollywood and other

City'* 50,000 Watt honors for contestants. SaltKSLLake

Clear Channel Affiliate of You, again, decide the winners! Tune

to the Deseret News "Search for Talthe Columbia Broadcasting ent"program... Saturdays at 6 p. m. System

spSSg

Vf

ft i "

A

fi <*-,4*Kao

o

if

iife:

SSR

MaBimTiEda COAPANT

Home Office—Beneficial Life Building. Salt Lake City, Utah

HEBER J. GRANT. RREsioent

HER J. J. GRT. ES'DE