'%.;1 *t;

J*

ii**; y IF**m

o

v* ft "<#* ->. -

.>'"...'V ''- -si,-. '"*::

''*&*;. *-*4l.

SEPTEMBER, 1940 4.*\ VOLUME 43 NUMBER 9#

RETURN POSTAGE GUARANTEED **:.:*>:?:,.J SALT LAKE CITY. UTAH JS'S: <-;

J< *

***..'*'*'.*. *f#r-'': oil>

- '."*:.'.,.-,.-.-t-'-.,.,'C".,- - -4'*,....'.:>* if

the CMUB

s

;;::.:::::::.:.:.

:-:<:>>:->:-:o:-:-:-:xSwwC-:>

m.

fcSIIsi

Illti

Farmali farming is a peaceful mechanization by which American farmers are controlling all their power operations, all their crops, in all the four seasons. The Farmall-M is shown, with 3-furrow

Little Genius Plow.

Hundreds of thousands of cost power from an overheadfarmers and their sons have found valve engine that is the envy of Harold Jones of ru, farming much more interesting the industry. You get the comand profitable since Internafort of "Culti -Vision."You can

tional Harvester announced the have easy, quick control of

Farmali System of Farming over equipment with "Lift -All."You

17 years ago. Farsighted owners get today's most modern tractor

everywhere have built their suc-—built by the world's leading

cess year after year on the practractor builder.

tical performance of genuine Farmali power and equipment. You'll Be Proud to Say,

disposed of their have Many last "I OWN A FARMALL!"reliance mule, horse or and their

long, has well reAll farmers Farmali have been on summer years. Farmalls than the wanted through more warded our Four 1VEW

Today, more than ever, the great tractor factories could

Farmali System—sound, modern, build. Be sure—be safe—choose Streamlined

upto-theminute!—is your safe, your Farmali now. The Internawill -sense is tional dealer Harvester choice. There common deBeauties

liver it winin time for with to experiment fall and no need principles. ter well untried of ahead work,

will rush. your Head Up the big spring demonyou choose one of the He When

you get lowstratewhenever four new Farmalls you say theword. MRMALL SYSTEM INTERNATIONAL HARVESTER COMPANY

180 North Michigan Avenue Chicago, Illinois OF FARMING

EXCLUSIVE matures TODAY! FARMALL

a.

$AufhaifL unx Scud: THE GENTLE BLEACH

(Selected by Hebec Q. Hale)

the now among people? much. NotDoAllyou think there is calamity abroad all have yet you heard and you

have experienced is scarcely a preface to the sermon that is going to be preached.

When the testimony of the Elders ceases to LINENS LAST given, be the and to says Lord them, "Come SO MUCH I will home, preach now sermons own my to the nations of WITH HARSH bleaches injure linens. the earth,"all you now LONGER

can scarcely know called be a preface to PUREX...YOU

that will the sermon be preached with fire and sword, tempests, earthquakes, hail, rain, CAN BUY A thunders and lightnings, and fearful destrucSMART HAT tion.. will hear You of magnificent OR SHOES WITH

cities, idolized now.. the people, by sinking in the earth, entombing the inhabitants. THE MONEY

The sea will heave itself beyond its bounds, YOU SAVE ( engulfing mighty cities. Famine will spread

over the nations, and nation will rise up PUREX, made by exclusive against nation, kingdom against kingdom, Intrafil Process, is gentle... lets

and states against states, in our own counlinens last.

try and in foreign lands; and they will

destroy each other, caring not for the blood When you think what even the commonest household and lives of their neighbors, of their families, cottons and linens cost, you see why it's poor economy or for their own lives.... to risk injuring them with a harsh bleach,.. and why

You may think that the little you hear of Purex can make you such a big saving in household now is grievous; yet the faithful of God's expense in a few months'time. Purex has full bleaching

people will see the days that will cause them strength, yet treats even delicate linens gently. Be sure

their to close eyes because the of sorrow bottle says bleach that your P-U-R-E-X! For maximum

will come the upon wicked nations. The safety, directed. always use as

hearts the of faithful will filled be with pain and anguish for them. (July 15, 1860)

Journal of Discourses, Vol. 8, p. 123.

I My constant prayer is that the anger A BEAUTY BATH which is in the hearts of the disobedient will turn upon each other, and the wicked slay the until wicked no place can be found the on THE PUREX 2-MINUTE "&&w$<f &dtfc earth for those not who will observe

FUN good ITS LOTS MORE laws, that the righteous may live in PURIflCS lAKtS our peace. IN MEALS A STAINS GETTING SINK

SWEET SPARKLING The will Lord have a pure KITCHEN/ PUREX people—people that will serve Him; and shall we STAINS REMOVES

yet see the day shall when free we be from STICKINESS murderers, thieves, robbers, liars, whoreIN FOOD ODORS AND mongers, drunkards, and every other description of persons who pollute the earth. ONLY 2 MINUTES

The Savior has not finished His work, '"Wfe and cannot receive the fullness of His glory until the influence and power of the wicked are overcome and brought into subjection.

for Law is made the lawless.

is no law against love. There. is.. noTherelaw

against doing good. There is no law against

serving God. There is no law against charity and benevolence. There is no law

against the principles of eternal life. Live

them, full of Purex a small amount HERE'S ALL YOU and no righteous law of man can DO!—Pour reach you. kitchen regular of your at end strength drainboard onto

cleanup. Spread with a wet cloth. Wipe drainboards, sink

water cloth. plain with Rinse V s* with stove enamel same and propensity to evil A seems to be sown. to stand, little let drain, into a and pour Purex Then strongly more in the nature it than of some

for just daily this is bath""beauty deodorize amazing Try in others. Some to seem love strong drink sweeter brighter see cleaner, and.and.. week, one much how better than they love their lives.

your kitchen is! Get Purex at your grocer's today.

Our first duty is to learn how to sustain ourselves.

No man can disprove a truth.

I wish you to understand economy thoroughly, and how to preserve your bodies.

I wish you to fully understand the principles of life. natural... careful Be

your bodies; be in prudent laying out your of PURIXTHE 4/&C& BLEACH

energies, for when are you old will you need the strength and power you are now AND ALLROUND CLEANSER wasting. Preserve your lives.

(Do tJDJUL KnowHow one girl remembered President/Mmprouementfra Grant fifty years ago? 516

'The Glory of God is Intelligence"How many patents have been issued

SEPTEMBER, 1940 Heber J. Grant, in America? 517

Richard L. Evans,

of pitch in ward importance Managing Editor The"THE VOICE OF THE CHURCH"singing? choir 520 Marba C. Josephson,

QUORUMS, PRIESTHOODOFFICIAL ORGAN OF THE Associate Editor settled Taylor President John DEPARTASSOCIATIONS, How IMPROVEMENTMUTUAL

Morris, Mgr. General George Q. COMMITTEE, OF EDUCATION, - MUSIC WARDMENT with a dispute 522 song? Associate Cannon, Mgr. Lucy G. CHURCHTEACHERS, AGENCIES OF THE OTHER AND

, Business Orton Mgr. K. J. SAINTS. CHRIST OF LATTERDAYOF JESUS acBiblical versions the of the How

count of the creation compare with the records of Moses and Abraham in the Pearl of Great Price? 524 The place and purpose of the AgriJhsL fcdikfiL (paqsL cultural Advisory Committee in

The Church Welfare Program? 529

Songs of the Heart Heber J Grant 522

When the work of baptism for the dead was begun in the new dispensation? 531

story of the filming of "BrigThe Creation—Editor's 532 Young"? ham the In Beginning—The ScripturesForeword as Grouped by 523 The

J. Reuben Clark, Jr. 523 How Cuthbert felt about his assignhis latest adventure?—.535 The Creation—The Scriptures as Grouped by ment in

J. Reuben Clark, Jr. 524 On what evidence we may conclude

The Agricultural Advisory Committee..—C. Orval Stott 529 the Prophet Joseph Smith did not

If the Dead Rise Not Albert L. Zobell, Jr. 530 complete his revision of the

Bible? 536 The Inspired Revision of the Bible—Conclusion

Sidney B. Sperry and Merrill Y. Van Wagoner 536 What it means to be spiritual? 538

Evidences and What Shall Be Reconciliations—XXIX. mission a president felt about How Spiritual Manifestations? Personal Done with visit his Wilwith Sir Hubert

John A. Widtsoe 545 kins? 539

Said, Selected AntiTobacco-Liquor Campaign Brigham Young his death, was of at the time 550, 513 553 Who, Hale Q. by Heber of service years in oldest worker Fifty Eliza Irby.—516 Ago, Years Our American Dictator, Erma

Music: The Importance of R. Petereit 518 at Church headquarters? 541

Otis L. BurFrank Summer, True Pitch, Smoky W. Asper..520 stake misbetween distinction The 528 530 ton Genealogy sionary work and home missionary Messages: 541 Mutual Church Moves On 544 work?

Interest -550 555 Special Priesthood: Melchizedek

Aaronic 552 Explorers 555 What shall be done with personal

Ward Teaching 554 BeeHive Girls 555 spiritual manifestations? 545

SpSudaL 3>jCrfltA&Ju How to can corn successfully? 548

"Brigham Young"Picture.. Weston N. Nordgren 532 HowproachWardtheirTeacherstask? should ap554

What Does It Mean to Be Spiritual? Nephi Jensen 538

When Sir Hubert Wilkins Received a Visitor EXECUTIVE AND EDITORIAL Don Mack Dalton 539 OFFICES:

Exploring the Universe, FrankHoming: Canning Corn 548 50 North Main Street, Salt Lake City, Utah.

lin S. Harris, Jr 517 The Cook's Corner, Barbara Copyright 1940, by Mutual Funds, Inc., a CorTelefact 519, 575 B. Burnett 549 poration of the Young Men's Mutual ImproveJesus Christ Church of Association ment of the to Advertisers 572 Index On the Book Rack 546

rights reserved. SubSaints. All of Latterday and Ours Your Page in 20c year, advance; 576 scription a $2.00 price,

single copy.

jcUioUodtu Utah,Enteredas secondclassat the Post matter.Office, SaltAcceptanceLake City,for

mailing at special rate of postage provided 1103, for in section Act of October, 1917, 1918. Distinguishing Between "Stake"Missionary and "Home"authorized July 2,

Missionary Work.... The Council of the Twelve 544 77ieImprovement Era is not responsible

Retreat Richard L. Evans 544 tributions.for unsolicitedAll manuscriptsmanuscripts,mustbut bewelcomesaccompaniedconOvertones Marba C. Josephson 544 cy sufficient postage for delivery and return.

NATIONAL ADVERTISING JidtimL, (pariUu, ADAMOjcficL (pu%$JbL REPRESENTATIVES

Francis M. Mayo, Salt Lake City

Smoky Summer Otis L. Burton 528 Edward S. Townsend, San Francisco

Can This Be Love? Estelle Webb Thomas 534 MEMBER OF THE AUDIT BUREAU OF

Frontispiece: Hills, Christie Poetry Page 540 CIRCULATIONS

Lund Coles 521 Scriptural Crossword Puzzle.—574

JhiL Qovsh. A MAGAZINE FOR EVERY

This study of an early autumn mood is by Russ Whitaker. MEMBER OF THE FAMILY

':: '.

your fashion rating is assured in famous school clothes from ZCMI

The most famous fashion authorities in the country picked the back to school fashions you'll choose at ZCMI... and wear

to conquer the campus! Madamoiselle Magazine's famous college wardrobe, Good Housekeeping's Children's Clothes,

fashions from Vogue and Harpers, all exclusively at ZCMI.

The classic camels hair coat with pleated back, big pockets and revers, and a sash belt to make it new 1941 25.00

The suit you'll gladden with a thousand different accessories.

Superb tailoring, simple lines in a soft green wool 10.98

Tweed and gabardine reversible great coat with zipper fastening encased in the fly. Five big useful pockets with flaps 19.95

Be a jump ahead of everyone in a green corduroy jumper with booksize pockets. Interchangeable beige jersey shirt 7.98

Raspberry red crepe with blousy bowtied pockets, shirred bodice, self belt and buttons. A darling for dates! 29.95

FIFTY YEARS AGO Girl Remembers Young BUILD THIS "HOME, sweet A President Grant

Glenwood, Iowa, July 9, 1940 LongSnakeago,Riverin a littleValleyvillageof Idaho,in the called Lewisville, lived two girls who were friends. They were ten

years old. President Heber J. Grant

[then a member of the Council of the

Twelve] was there attending conference. He was staying at a nearby

home, and in between meetings and other duties he would work on his typewriter sending out letters.

My friend and I happened to hear the tap-a-taptap of the typewriter as we passed by the window, and we stood and watched him. We had never seen

one before. As we watched he looked

up and smiled. I never will forget

Per what a pleasant face he had. He asked

Month us if we wished to write on it. We said

we would, so we went in, and he held isr Complete "One our fingers and put them on the right

Stop"Building Service keys and wrote our names and addresses. I never shall forget what a STOOP I Make

thrill me. it gave Plans Home—FinancingBuilding—AMaterialsPleasure

When I read about President Grant

A Home that will give yu happiness—and save yu not feeling well I just wanted to write

money—will really be "Home Sweet Home."You can have him and see if he could remember us. such a home by building now—for today's building dollars It has been fifty long years ago, but I

have never bought more real value and present low interest remember it as if it were yesterday. I

rates and longterm loans may never be repeated. Right have been married forty years. I don't

are depreciate, bonds to Stocks build. time is your now is, I live in friend but where deknow my as a interest, as long but home brings low faulted, money Eliza then O. Iowa. was name My entire for the stability it shelter, security and stands means

it Irby Eliza Mrs. but has Myler, been to Let's family. plan build—today.

for forty years.

Your 4-Sqitare Lumber Dealer My sister, Mrs. B. W. Johnson of

North Logan, sent me the Era for a

I present. sure am always On. Christmas Hdw. Lumber Sugar House & the come. the first of glad to have month Mgr. RICHARDS, HORACE B. M. O. ASHTON, Pres.

1174 East 21st South Hyland 555 I read a piece some few months ago, a piece an old friend had written, and

I was thrilled to hear of her once more.

is I still believe the S. Church L. D. LOS ANGELES

true, lived I could haven't but where

Ilotel Lankershrm 7TH & BROADWAY attend church. I hope President

$2.50"No Bargaining$3.00 $3.50 Grant's health is better. I am his

truth, of sister in the cause LOS No ANGELESWorry"Frank Wishon, Operator Rewards Eliza Irby Mrs. interested—are \Sy% * P*

ability develop the to speak 304, Box—toeffectivelyIfyou in public or in everyday

conversation—to forge ahead faster Glenwood, Iowa.

than you are now doing, it may be helpful to read Work WonHow dersENROLL(Commence Later if Desired)NOW With free. Words sent nowto

This booklet points new out the P. S. President Brigham Young laid

of effective speaking $25. Complete importance Discount on a [the they square out our city when successful career, a andin IN CULTURE BEAUTY COURSE

it helps increase to popularity, fhow"building Pioneers] here while on their camped School Accredited A State prestige, earning power. and

improvedIt also explainstheir speech,how gainedmany haveselfway to Utah. Also, my mother crossed

confidence "stage fright"timidity, and overcome and Culture of Beauty School the of RicksOgden and camped company an easy method. homestudy this read booklet To mayby in

to well spent. prove be an evening Theatre Egyptian UTAH OGDEN,Over the of the Missouri at River on bank Simply address this send free and name booklet

at requirements once. sent and obligation. be and NoName Florence, Nebraska. INSTITUTE MichiganNORTH Ave.,AMERICANwill 3601 Chicago, Dept. Illinois 4186, State CityAddress Eliza Irby. Mrs.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1940

'T'he great variation of the solubility "D utter wrapped in aluminum foil and

A of gases in water due to the nature exposed to direct sunlight or to of the gas is shown by the fact that near diffused light at room and cold temperthe freezing temperature of water about atures preserves its taste and color a thousand volumes of ammonia can be better than when wrapped in vegetable dissolved in one volume of water, less parchment.

than two volumes of carbon dioxide,

first hair their rats grow sixteen to are twelve By FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR. andof oxygen.only about five per cent of a volume "VTormal when they

rate to pulse be found mean was fifth of generationHpHE old, but the days has earthworm a monster 7V ustralia their in shortlived persons will rats the* higher thymustreated show in spite of long, which, twelve feet of in in the longlived persons firstthan three days or a "hair within two study of longevity and body characterits size, is still just a plain earthworm. birth. The thymus, which overlies the

istics by Raymond Pearl and W. E. heart in young children, is connected

Moffett. An estimate of the efficiency with with growth.

* which plants store energy places

Tn the first century after the American it at about one and twotenths per cent.

bones, espeknitting of broken is still better figure than that rpHAT low patent system over This was established, be in elderly * cially women, may thermopiles. stored photocells and byfour thousand hundred patents were

issued. In the last fifty years alone hastened by treatment with the sex

about four and onehalf times that numHpHE ani bird is just the opposite of hormone, theelin, is indicated from a ber have been granted. A the cuckoo, which foists its eggs study on the broken bones of laboratory

on other birds. The ani mothers pool animals by Dr. G. A. Pollock of the

/* old can be beaten into a sheet so their eggs in a common nest and incuMayo Foundation.

J thin that one can see through it. bate them together. (Concluded on page 519)

GET STARKIST

IS CHANGING 70 STAKKlST

is highest grade by Federal Law. (D Fancy Solid Pack

(D Enamellined cans insure flavor, color and purity.

(D StarKist is only the small, betterflavored Tuna.

PURPLE LABEL IS FANCY SOLID PACK -GREEN LABEL IS READY GRATED

BOTH ARE THE VARIETY SO RICH IN NATURAL IODINE

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1940

(pJULbJwiijnq, OUR YOU AMERICAN DICTATOR PAY THE BILL By ERMA RENSTROM when you buy PETEREIT

everyone in America freehis of boasts proudly NOT upto-standard machinery! Here is dictator no "There dom.

in America,"all cry. But they

are mistaken—there is a dictator in America, and he can truthfully say he exacts moral and financial tribute from millions.

He does not command with words. His is a more cruel, more

Remember! You pay subtle tyranny. With the aid of

unscrupulous sponsors he has no more but you perfectedment that ais methoddiabolicallyof enslaveclever and effective.

his It isn't his alarm policy to quick, get a lot more thoughtless adherents by when you buy fiercesly andattacks;deceptive.no, indeed;He lurkshebeis

neath the cloak of good fellowship and from that point of vantage directs his virulent poisons at and gullible. With the weak "CATERPILLAR"KEG. U. S. PAT. OFF. cleverness satanic he goes about

his work, gradually destroying men's will power until they are as puppets in his hands. He holds

age. Honorable and women men TRACTOR and the just and the unjust in bondcriminals his shackles drag as do EQUIPMENT CO. and outcasts. The proud spirit of SALT LAKE CITY youth is fettered to his side andLAMDESDistributor of "Caterpillar"Diesel Engines, TrackType Tractors, Road Machinery he mocks at the wisdom of old

age.

He smirks at us from the highways, from newspapers, from magazines, from windows and doorways. Through the medium

of spoken and written advertiseto his true worth. I N E ST OVIRftt L as A ME RICA'S F ments he endeavors to delude us

his sponsors believe and He SINCE 1850 wholeheartedly (and with good reason) in those famous words of Abraham Lincoln: "You can

the of all the people fool some let LEVI there's a reasontime."his easy, friendly Don't

No others Wear like LEVI'S! approach disarm and fool you.

Shun him if you wish to retain your freedom of mind and body.

LEVI STRAUSS A NEW PAIR FREE tine.This Thedictator'scigarettenameis ishis Nicomost

IF THEY RIP fashionable residence, but he is

NONequally at home in any form of

SCRATCH CONCEALED COPPER RIVETS ON BACK POCKETS tobacco.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1940

Exploring the Universe midecausedhelpsby little,staphylococcus,if at all. sulfanila-

(Concluded from page 517) T'he negro is better able to do work

A NEW instrument is now available to at high temperatures than the white "show a car owner the state of man. Experiments conducted by Harcharge of the battery, affording provard University's Fatigue Laboratory

tection against failure, overcharge, or on sharecroppers in Mississippi found undercharge. that the negroes lost less salt and water

from their bodies in sweat and did not

A N ordinary bell gives off a dull thud get quite as hot, as shown by body as the whites. did One"after to temperature, struck being heated when President Liners—a a twohour experiment on walk was similar temperature. high con-a Under

in treadmill each covered which manditions a metal developed greatest by new America's three miles climbed about seven and Laboratories ResearchWestinghouse of feet at a temperature regularlygives off a brilliant tone while still hot. thousand of fleet—sail degrees. eightyseven At the end

to the new long tunnel, eightyfive miles thenegroestwo hourswas onethe meanhundredheartandratefiftyfor long, rock, solid mostly throughA and one hundred and seventythree two is built get being City to York by New whites. for the

water from the Delaware River, To >—

this big hole, which is thirteenmake catfish change can common HpHE ORIENT vertical thirtythree diameter,feet in coalrange * through a color from shafts are to be used, making almost black to pale greenish yellow, though and Round three miles of tunnel between any two shaftsof them. as The go as many a itProfessortakes fromG. oneH. Parkerto two ofdays'Harvardtime. the World

thousand feet deep, and some go as University reports that this results from many as six hundred and fifty feet bereactions of the glands stimulated by low sea level. the light which has been reflected from TO JAPAN, CHINA, PHILIPPINES

> the background, falling on the fish's Sail from San Francisco, via Hawaii, just as focused can be wavesCound Sunshine along the Route to Yokohama, eyes or skin.

*** 4 are light rays a lens. by Shanghai, Kobe, and MaThe "sound Hongkong

lens"can be made of a lensshaped bag XJew light contradicting the assumpnila on one of the Pacific's most famous, using a gas of different density from that tion that "opposites attract each friendly ships—a President Liner with

of air, or of a rubber vessel containing other"is given in a study at Purdue broad playdecks, an outdoor swimming water. University of three hundred engaged pool, every stateroom outside, high

couples, most of whom have since maramidship, and grand varied food. RoundHFhe corn roots nearest the parent ried. In not one of the thirtysix pertrips, First Class: Japan $560, China

stalk are the most efficient in absonality traits rated in the psycho- $691, Philippines $735. Stop over anysorbing water, according to Dr. C. H. logical study were the couples "opwhere, going or coming. Then continue

Davis of the University of Arizona. posite"; instead, they were closely alike on the next or another of these big

Measurements found that roots nearest in conventionality, religious feeling, smooth sailing liners with almost identhe plant absorbed water faster than breadth of interest, initiative, and detical accommodations.

rootsdid longer pushing to greater out distance, able to and were take water—pendability.—MANILA DIRECT SAILINGS

remodeling part of the earfrom drier soil. Dy is only 18 days through Manila away on thesesurgical a operation, fivesixths fastest crossings to the Philippines now

Culfanilamidethe type of impetigois a goodskinremedydiseasefor ofmadea groupable toofhear,deaf apparentlypeople havepermabeen offered"City Ships."by PresidentFrom SanLines'Franciscocharteredto

caused by streptococcus germs, Dr. nently. The operation creates a new Manila, 18 days ($717)—First Class,

Stephan Epstein of Marshfield, Wiswindow into the ear to let in sound roundtrip. Hongkong, 22 days ($704).

consin, has found. Against the type waves kept out by bony tissue. Singapore 27 days ($821). Penang 29

days ($850). No other service to Manila and Malaya is so fast. TELEFACT ROUND THE WORLD

From New "Vbrk or California, via Ha- 2 OUT OF 5 CAR ACCIDENTS waii,Settlements,Japan, China,Ceylon, Philippines,India, EgyptStraitsand across again the sunny South AtOCCUR DURING WEEKENDS homelantic. First Class (rail fare from $1049

across America included), $1143 all the way by President Liner. Stopovers anywhere.

Get sailing dates and details from any Travel Agent or at 311 California

St., San Francisco.

AMERICAN SATURDAY & SUNDAY WEEK DAYS PRESIDENT LINES (WEEKEND) RoundWorld Service

Science ServicePictorial Statistics, Inc. 8-22

TTIumc What About THE IMPORTANCE OF TRUE the PITCH Cultural Side?

By Dr. Frank W. Asper

/\NE of the commonest faults of our ward choirs is that of singing off pitch. This is due to several reasons

which can all be definitely analyzed, although the singers themselves often seem to think it only an accident.

A person with a trained ear or even one with a naturally gifted ear can always detect a slight variation in pitch long before the untrained ear of the unmusical listener. But very often

those in the chorus who know better are the offenders and never realize what has happened until they hear the true pitch from an instrument.

The importance of eartraining for each individual singer cannot be stressed too much. There are many

singers who cannot possibly sing on pitch, and one can never hope for a perfect rendition of a number as long as such singers are in the choir. They

should be discovered when the leader gives them the voice test for admission to the choir.GRAPE JUICE

Very often it will be found that a singer will sing slightly below pitch on every tone. He should never be included in the chorus, for the effect

<L will always be ruined no matter how many fine singers there may be in the choir. Once in a great while one enwill sing slightly counters a singer who besp so objectionable is not sharp. He

cause he tends to keep the pitch of the of &%& as against chorus the tendency up wellchild's right to have a It's every the continually group whole to go down.

the at education academic rounded

The problem of keeping singers on State's expense. But to the thoughtful

pitch has three aspects: the mental, the parent belongs the responsibility of

physical, and the intellectual. No choir providing his boys and girls the

member can sing in tune unless he is priceless advantage of cultural trainin an active frame of mind.

ing... the kind of training the and it's her own fault, too...she

keeps trying those old style The act of singing is physical, but McCune School is so well prepared canning methods instead of it is affected by the mental state, and to give.

intellectual. largely the controlled by

jars Kerr using and caps Mason if is If the physically, singer well not Catalog A will that.. the kind stop her is is if tired, at the he not room full defor the a—yours failures. Kerr asking—gives canning Mason if temperature, comfortable the or musplendid the cost, low tails the about

is sic illegible light ''Selfsealing"to the these are or easy caps bad, or class for opportunity the faculty, distractions will are the take which use. sanitary. Economical and interesting instruction private and attention the the of performer from school. Write this facts famous about

singing in of task tune. to needs He today. for your copy

their his intellectual faculties use to

Kerr Mason Jar Co. fullest extent. First he must realize

Ins. B. Title 273 is off pitch, he then attack and must

Calif. Angeles,

fault the adjusting condimental by in Los"10 Canning". Lessons. Mason Kerr Sample Cap..D tions or physical actions to overcome

Peas, Beans, "Canning Corn"Q it. in excellent singer health, be may A

Si1if Name criticize but his cannot he own tones, une;-r;;.s

Address he will likely sing out of tune. A thorough knowledge of breath control SCHOOL OF MUSIC & ART

MASON JARS is one of the most valuable helps, and

CAPS & LIDS is a necessity where perfection is to Salt Lake City, Utah be reached in "singing in tune."

Photograph by Jack Cannon, San Francisco,

HILLS

All hills are things of beauty, lying still

Along the far horizons of the world,

Crouched gray and low, or towering high until

Their shoulders cushion stars and clouds are curled

Upon their breasts; vast hills where virgin snow

Wraps them in ermine silence, and the sweet

Promise of fresh yield comes quietly and slow

Above the fields newplowed for amber wheat.

ThOR HILLS add vision to the groping heart

In an alien world; their surety restores

are a part By CHRISTIE Our courage and our hope; they

Of all in us that sings and prays and soars.

LUND COLES No heart but wakes to worship old as birth

To see the distant hills that border earth.

EDITOR'S PAGEfjh

S&nqA. ojtPuL dhucUiL

By PRESIDENT HEBER J. GRANT

TheservantssingingofofGod,our sacredhas a powerfulhymns, writteneffect inbyconthe reledstory andand renderasked himhis decision.if he wouldPresidentlisten toTaylortheir

verting people to the principles of the Gospel, willingly consented. But he said: "Brethren,

and in promoting peace and spiritual growth. Singbefore I hear your case, I would like very much to

ing is a prayer to the Lord, as He has said: "For sing one of the songs of Zion for you."

my soul delighteth in the song of the heart; yea, the Now President Taylor was a very capable singer,

song of the righteous is a prayer unto me, and it and interpreted sweetly and with spirit, our sacred shall be answered with a blessing upon their heads."hymns. He sang one of our hymns to the two

( Doctrine and Covenants 25: 1 2. brethren. Seeing its effect, he remarked that he

never heard one of the songs of Zion but that he

I recall one incident showing how song has the wanted to listen to one more, and so asked them power to soothe irritated feelings and bring harto listen while he sang another. Of course, they

mony to the hearts of men who are filled with a consented. They both seemed to enjoy it; and,

contentious spirit. It occurred many years ago, having sung the second song, he remarked that he

and involved a quarrel between two old and faithhad heard there is luck in odd numbers and so ful brethren whose membership dated back to the with their consent he would sing still another, days of Nauvoo. These men had been full of inwhich he did. Then, in his jocular way, he retegrity and devotion to the work of the Lord. marked: "Now brethren, I do not want to wear

They had been through many of the hardships of you out, but if you will forgive me, and listen to

Nauvoo, and had suffered the drivings and perseone more hymn, I promise to stop singing, and will cutions of the Saints, as well as the hardships of hear your case."

pioneering incident to the early settlement of the The story goes that when President Taylor had

West. These men had quarreled over some busifinished the fourth song, the brethren were melted

ness affairs, and finally concluded that they would to tears, got up, shook hands, and asked President try to get President John Taylor to help them adjust Taylor to excuse them for having called upon him, their difficulties. and for taking up his time. They then departed

John Taylor was then the president of the Counwithout his even knowing what their difficulties cil of the Twelve Apostles. These brethren pledged were.

their word of honor that they would faithfully abide President Taylor's singing had reconciled their by whatever decision Brother Taylor might render. feelings toward each other. The Spirit of the

Like many others, even in these days, they were Lord had entered their hearts, and the hills of difnot willing to accept the conclusions and counsels ference that rose between them had been leveled of their teachers, or bishops, or presidents of stakes, and become as nothing. Love and brotherhood

who would have been the authorized persons, in had developed in their souls, and the trifles over their order, to consult, and which would have been which they had quarreled, had become of no conthe proper course to pursue, but they must have sequence in their sight. The songs of the heart

some higher authority. Having been personally had filled them with the spirit of reconciliation.

acquainted with President Brigham Young, in the Let us not forget our hymns when we go to the days of Nauvoo, and feeling their importance in house of worship. Let the congregation sing; and

their own devotion to the work of the Lord, nothing by all means let the choir members become familiar short of an Apostle's advice would seem to satisfy with the beautiful sentiments that are contained in them. our hymns, and so shall our Father in heaven deAccordingly they called on President Taylor, light in the songs of our hearts, which shall become

but did not immediately tell him what their trouble prayers unto Him, and which He will graciously was, but explained that they had seriously quaranswer with blessings upon our heads.

JhL CREATION BEGINNING // Seven Parallel Scriptural Accounts President Clark has also brought together pertinent scriptural references dealing with "In the Beginning."These are

EDITOR'S FOREWORD given below:

A seemingly neverdying discussion is Abraham that which has to do with the creation 3:21. I dwell in the midst of them all; 1

of the world and all that in it is. While the now, therefore, have come down unto thee

supposed differences between religion and to deliver unto thee the works which my science have most tenaciously held popular hands have made, wherein my wisdom exattention, actually the differing views held celleth them all, for I rule in the heavens by men of religion among themselves, and above,dom andandprudence,in the earthover beneath,all the intelligencesin all wisthe differing views held by men of science thine eyes have seen from the beginning;

among themselves are equally if not more I came down in the beginning in the midst significant, and equally if not more diof all the intelligences thou hast seen.

vergent. 3: 22. Now the Lord had shown unto me,

It becomes increasingly clear that the difAbraham, the intelligences that were organized before the world was; and among

ficulties apparently arise not from the scripall these there were many of the noble and tural account, but from private interpretagreat ones.

tion of that account. In reality, it is not 3: 23. And God saw these souls that they

what the word of the Lord says that is called were good, and he stood in the midst of into question, but what men, pursuing their them, and he said: These I will make my

rulers; that those stood for were he among deductions, inferences andown

nMBi..:;,: spirits, that good; and they and were he saw itselfsays. The account is one thing—butsay that it art of said thou one me: he unto Abraham,

the divers meanings that are imputed to the them; thou wast chosen before thou wast

account are quite another. born.

cussion—atTo arrive whatat whatthe sacredis actuallyrecordunderactuallydisthat3:24.was Andlike thereunto God,stood andone heamongsaid themuntosays—seven scriptural versions of the acthose who were with him: We will go

count of the creation are here arranged in down, for there is space there, and we willparallel columns—the King James Version, take of these materials, and we will make

the Revised Version, the Douay Version an earth whereon these may dwell;

(Catholic), the Jewish Version, Joseph

Smith's Revision, and the accounts accord- 3:25. And we will prove them herewith,

ing to Moses and Abraham, as found in the to see if they will do all things whatsoever

Pearl of Great Price. These were brought the Lord their God shall command them;

in President paralleltogether columns by J. first their 3:26. they keep who And information his for Clark, Jr.,Reuben own shall estate they upon; and be added who

this arrangebelieving use. Era,and The first shall estate their not keep not have

to helpful materials might of the bement in those with glory the same kingdom who to allowothers, them President Clark asked first estate; their they keep keep and who

it, consented.to publish he and shall their estate glory added second have

These seven accounts vary in length, in upon their heads for ever and ever.

in in time of language, choicecompleteness, shall 3:27. said: the Lord And Whom spite translation, in of but mannerand like the I send? unto answered one And

all error and evidences the ofof human me. of I, send Here Son And Man: am sinin are they ofvariation them, some

I, said: another answered, and Here am

in in fundamentalgularly agreement two

I will said: the send me. send Lord And creation, theconsiderations: order and of

first. the all spirthings fact "created thatthe God itually, before they were naturally upon 3:28. And the second was angry, and

the face of the earth."kept not his first estate; and, at that day,

many followed after him. The overlooking or ignoring of, or confusion concerning, this lastnamed fact has Moses

likely responsible been for much unnecessary and pointless controversy. And with 4:1. And I, the Lord God, spake unto

this in view, an earnest and openminded Moses, saying: That Satan, whom thou

study of these parallel accounts will, it is hast commanded in the name of mine Only hoped, enable the thoughtful student to setBegotten, is the same which was from the tle in his own mind many questions in disbeginning, and he came before me, saying pute, leading to the obvious conclusion that Behold, here am I, send me, I will be thy a basis for controversy does not exist, exson, and I will redeem all mankind, that one cept as men create their own difficulties and soul shall not be lost, and surely I will do magnify them. JR. L. E. it; wherefore give me thine honor.

(See page 524) {Continued on page 562) 3hsL CREATION THE SCRIPTURES AS GROUPED BY PRESIDENT J. REUBEN CLARK, JR.

THE BIBLE

KING JAMES VERSION REVISED VERSION DOUAY VERSION

Genesis Genesis Genesis 1. IN THE BEGINNING 1:1 In the beginning God created 1:1 In the beginning God created 1:1 In the beginning God created

the heaven and the earth. the heavens and the earth. heaven, and earth.

2. EARTH VOID 1:2 And the earth was without 1:2 And the earth was waste and 1: 2 And the earth was void and

form, and void; and darkness was void; and darkness was upon the empty, and darkness was upon the

upon the face of the deep. And face of the deep: and the Spirit of face of the deep; and the spirit of

the Spirit of God moved upon the God moved upon the face of the God moved over the waters.

face of the waters. waters.

LET THERE BE 1:3 And God said, Let there be 1:3 And God said, Let there be 1:3 And God said: Be light made.

LIGHT AND DARKlight: and there was light. light; and there was light. And light was made.

NESS 1:4 And God saw the light, that 1:4 And God saw the light, that 1:4 And God saw the light that it

it was good. And God divided the it was good: and God divided the was good; and he divided the light

light from the darkness. light from the darkness. from the darkness.

4. DAY AND NIGHT 1:5 And God called the light Day, 1:5 And God called the light Day, 1:5 And he called the light Day,

FIRST DAY and the darkness he called Night. and the darkness he called Night. and the darkness Night; and there

And the evening and the morning And there was evening and there was evening and morning one were the first day. was morning, one day. day.

5. SECOND DAY 1:6 And God said, Let there be a 1:6 And God said, Let there be a 1:6 And God said: Let there be

SECOND TIME firmament in the midst of the wafirmament in the midst of the wa- a firmament made amidst the waters, and let it divide the waters ters, and let it divide the waters ters; and let it divide the waters

from the waters. from the waters. from the waters.

1: 7 And God made the firmament, 1: 7 And God made the firmament, 1: 7 And God made a firmament,

and divided the waters which were and divided the waters which were and divided the waters that were under the firmament from the waunder the firmament from the waunder the firmament from those ters which were above the firmaters which were above the firmathat were above the firmament, and ment: and it was so. ment: and it was so. it was so.

1: 8 And God called the firmament 1:8 And God called the firma- 1:8 And God called the firmaHeaven. And the evening and the ment Heaven. And there was evement, Heaven; and the evening and

morning were the second day. ning and there was morning, a secmorning were the second day.

ond day.

6. THIRD DAY 1:9 And God said, Let the wa- 1:9 And God said, Let the wa- 1:9 God also said: Let the wa-*-

THIRD TIME ters under the heaven be gathered ters under the heavens be gathered ters that are under the heaven, be together unto one place, and let together unto one place, and let gathered together into one place;

the dry land appear: and it was so. the dry land appear: and it was so. and let the dry land appear. And

it was so done.

1:10 And God called the dry land 1:10 And God called the dry land

Earth, and the gathering together Earth; and the gathering together 1:10 And God called the dry land,

524 (Continued on page 526) S&vml (pahalkL SipiwmL flsxDimiA*

(See Editor's Foreword, page 523)

THE BIBLE THE PEARL OF GREAT PRICE

JEWISH VERSION JOSEPHREVISIONSMITH'S MOSES ABRAHAM

Genesis Genesis 2: 1 And it came to pass that the 4:1 And then the Lord said: Let

Lord spake unto Moses, saying: us go down. And they went down

1:1 In the beginning God created 1: 1 And it came to pass that the Behold, I reveal unto you concernat the beginning and they, that is,

the heaven and the earth. Lord spake unto Moses, saying, ing this heaven, and this earth; the Gods, organized and formed

Behold, I reveal unto you concernwrite the words which I speak. I the heavens and the earth.

ing this heaven and this earth, am the Beginning and the End, the write the words which I speak. Almighty God, by mine Only Be-

I things; these yea, created the gotten 1:2 I and the Beginning am I in created the beginning the heavthe mine End, Almighty God. By en, thou the earth and which upon

I these created Begotten Only standest.

things.

1:3 Yea, in the beginning I created the heaven, and the earth upon

which thou standest.

1:2 Now the earth was unformed 1: 4 And the earth was without 2:2 And the earth was without 4:2 And the earth, after it was

and void, and darkness was upon form, and void: and I caused darkform, and void; and I caused darkformed, was empty and desolate,

the face of the deep; and the Spirit ness to come up upon the face of ness to come up upon the face of because they had not formed anyof God hovered over the face of the deep. the deep; and my Spirit moved thing but the earth; and darkness

the waters. upon the face of the water: for I reigned upon the face of the deep,

Spirit 1:5 upon moved And my the of was Gods and the Spirit am God.

for the face of the water, God. I am the the face of brooding upon

waters.

1:3 And God said: 'Let there be 1:6 And I, God, said, Let there be 2:3 And I, God, said: Let there 4:3 And they (the Gods) said:

light.'And there was light. light, and there was light. be light; and there was light. Let there be light, and there was

light. 1:4 And God saw the light, that 1:7 And I, God, saw the light, 2:4 And I, God, saw the light;

it was good; and God divided the and that light was good. And I, and that light was good. And I, 4:4 And they (the Gods) comlight from the darkness. God, divided the light from the God, divided the light from the prehended the light for it was

darkness. darkness. bright; and they divided the light,

or caused it to be divided, from the darkness.

1:5 And God called the light Day, 1:8 And I, God, called the light 2:5 And I, God, called the light 4:5 And the Gods called the light

and the darkness He called Night. day, and the darkness I called Day; and the darkness, I called Day, and the darkness they called

And there was evening and there night. And this I did by the word Night. And this I did by the word Night. And it came to pass that

was morning, one day. of my power. And it was done as of my power, and it was done as from the evening until morning they

I spake. And the evening and the I spake; and the evening and the called night, and from the morning

morning were the first day. morning were the first day. until the evening they called day;

and this was the first, or the beginning, of that which they called day and night.

1:6 And God said: 'Let there be 1:9 And again, I, God, said: Let 2:6 And again, I, God, said: Let 4:6 And the Gods also said: Let

a firmament in the midst of the wathere be a firmament in the midst there be a firmament in the midst there be an expanse in the midst ters, and let it divide the waters of the water; and it was so, even of the water, and it was so, even as of the waters, and it shall divide

from the waters.'as I spake. And I said, Let it divide I spake; and I said: Let it divide the waters from the waters.

the waters from the waters: and it the waters from the waters; and it

1:7 And God made the firmawas done. was done. 4:7 And the Gods ordered the exment, and divided the waters panse, so that it divided the waters

which were under the firmament 1:10 And I, God, made the firma- 2:7 And I, God, made the firmawhich were under the expanse

from the waters which were above ment, and divided the waters; yea, ment and divided the waters, yea, from the waters which were above

the firmament; and it was so. the great waters under the firmathe great waters under the firmathe expanse; and it was so, even as

ment, from the waters which were ment from the waters which were they ordered.

1:8 And God called the firmaabove the firmament: and it was so, above the firmament; and it was

ment heaven. And there was eveeven as I spake. so, even as I spake. 4:8 And the Gods called the exning and there was morning, a secpanse, Heaven. And it came to pass

ond day. 1:11 And I, God, called the firma- 2:8 And I, God, called the firmathat it was from evening until

ment heaven. And the evening and ment Heaven; and the evening and morning that they called night;

the morning were the second day. the morning were the second day. and it came to pass that it was

from morning until evening that they called day; and this was the

second time that they called night and day.

1:9 And God said: 'Let the wa- 1:12 And I, God, said, Let the wa- 2:9 And I, God, said: Let the wa- 4:9 And the Gods ordered, sayters under the heaven be gathered ters under the heaven be gathered ters under the heaven be gathered ing: Let the waters under the

together unto one place, and let together unto one place; and it was together unto one place, and it was heaven be gathered together unto

the dry land appear.'And it was so. And I, God, said, Let there be so; and I, God, said: Let there be one place, and let the earth come

so. dry land; and it was so. dry land; and it was so. up dry; and it was so as they ordered.

{Continued on page 527) 525

JfaL CREATION THE BIBLE KING JAMES VERSION REVISED VERSION DOUAY VERSION

Genesis Genesis Genesis 6. THIRD DAY of the waters called he Seas: and of the waters called he Seas; and Earth; and the gathering together

THIRD TIME God saw that it was good. God saw that it was good. of the waters, he called Seas. And

{ Continued 1:11 And God said, Let the earth 1:11 And God said, Let the earth God saw that it was good.

bring forth grass, the herb yielding put forth grass, herbs yielding seed, 1:11 And he said: Let the earth

seed, and the fruit tree yielding and fruit trees bearing fruit after bring forth the green herb, and fruit after his kind, whose seed is their own kind, wherein is the seed such as may seed, and the fruit in itself, upon the earth: and it thereof, upon the earth: and it was tree yielding fruit after its kind,

was so. so. which may have seed in itself upon

the earth. And it was so done.

1:12 And the earth brought forth 1:12 And the earth brought forth

grass, and herb yielding seed after grass, herbs yielding seed after their 1:12 And the earth brought forth

his kind, and the tree yielding kind, and trees bearing fruit, wherethe green herb, and such as yieldfruit, whose seed was in itself, after in is the seed thereof, after their eth seed according to its kind, and his kind: and God saw that it was kind: and God saw that it was the tree that beareth fruit, having

good. good. seed each one according to its

kind. And God saw that it was

1:13 And the evening and the 1:13 And there was evening and good.

morning were the third day. there was morning, a third day.

1:13 And the evening and the

morning were the third day.

7. FOURTH DAY 1:14 And God said, Let there be 1:14 And God said, Let there be 1:14 And God said: Let there be

FOURTH TIME lights in the firmament of the lights in the firmament of heaven lights made in the firmament of heaven to divide the day from the to divide the day from the night; heaven, to divide the day and the

night: and let them be for signs, and and let them be for signs, and for night, and let them be for signs,

for seasons, and for days, and seasons, and for days and years: and for seasons, and for days and

years. years.

1:15 And let them be for lights

1:15 And let them be for lights in the firmament of heaven to give 1:15 To shine in the firmament '

in the firmament of the heaven to light upon the earth: And it was so. of heaven, and to give light upon

give light upon the earth: and it the earth. And it was so done.

was so. 1:16 And God made the two great

lights; the greater light to rule the 1:16 And God made two great

1:16 And God made two great day, and the lesser light to rule the lights: a greater light to rule the

lights; the greater light to rule the night; he made the stars also. day; and a lesser light to rule the

day and the lesser light to rule the night: and the stars.

night: he made the stars also. 1:17 And God set them in the firmament of heaven to give light 1:17 And he set them in the fir-

1:17 And God set them in the firupon the earth, mament of heaven to shine upon

mament of the heaven to give light the earth.

upon the earth. 1:18 And to rule over the day

and over the night, and to divide 1:18 And to rule the day and the

1:18 And to rule over the day the light from the darkness: and night, and to divide the light and

and over the night, and to divide God saw that it was good. the darkness. And God saw that it

the light from the darkness: and was good.

God saw that it was good. 1:19 And there was evening and

there was morning, a fourth day. 1:19 And the evening and morn-

1:19 And the evening and the ing were the fourth day.

morning were the fourth day.

FIFTH DAY 1:20 And God said, Let the wa- 1:20 And God said, Let the wa- 1:20 God also said: Let the

FIFTH TIME ters bring forth abundantly the ters swarm with swarms of living waters bring forth the creepmoving creature that hath life, and creatures, and let birds fly above ing creature having life, and the fowl that may fly above the earth the earth in the open firmament of fowl that may fly over the earth unin the open firmament of heaven. heaven. der the firmament of heaven.

1:21 And God created great 1:21 And God created the great 1:21 And God created the great

whales, and every living creature sea monsters, and every living creawhales, and every living and movthat moveth, which the waters ture that moveth, wherewith the ing creature, which the waters brought forth abundantly, after waters swarmed, after their kind, brought forth, according to their their kind, and every winged fowl and every winged bird after its kinds, and every winged fowl acafter his kind: And God saw that kind: And God saw that it was cording to its kind. And God saw

it was good. good. that it was good.

1:22 And God blessed them, say- 1:22 And God blessed them say- 1:22 And he blessed them, saying:

526 (Continued on page 556) THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1940

THE BIBLE THE PEARL OF GREAT PRICE

JEWISH VERSION JOSEPHREVISIONSMITH'S MOSES ABRAHAM

Genesis Genesis 2:10 And I, God, called the dry 4:10 And the Gods pronounced

land Earth; tothe gathering and the earth; land, dry the gatherand

I, called land1:10 the dry 1:13 called the And God God, dry And gether the of waters, called I the ing together of waters, the prothe together gathering earth;Earth, and land tothe gathering and I, Sea; that and God, all things they, great saw nounced waters; and

called the Iof Seas: waters gether called of the the he and waters I which had the good. were made that they saw were Gods

it that good. sea. saw wasGod obeyed.

I, 2:11 said: the Let God, And

: I, the all 'Let said1:11 earth that 1:14 God God, And saw And earth bring forth grass, the herb said: 4:11 the us Let Gods And

grass, forth seed, yielding I herb thingsput which were had made fruit yielding seed, the tree yieldprepare the to earth bring forth its fruit fruit tree after bearingand good. fruit, ing after his kind, grass; the herb the and the yielding seed;

is thereof,kind, the wherein seed fruit, tree yielding fruit fruit, tree seed yielding whose his after I, said, 1:15 the Let God, And it earth.'so. theupon was And itself in should earth, the be kind, itself upon in yieldeth seed whose earth forth grass; bring the herb

it I its and so as spake. even was likeness earth; the upon own forth the earth1:12 fruit brought the seed; yielding tree yielding And

it so, orand as they even was its yielding aftergrass, fruit seed herb his after tree kind; the and 2:12 the earth forth brought And dered. fruit, tree fruit;kind, wherebearing yielding and seed should whose grass, herb afyielding every seed

its is thereof, thein after itself, seed kind; in it earth; the be upon and ter his kind, tree the and yielding the 4:12 organized the Gods And

it I that so, good. asand saw was spake. even God was fruit, itself, seed in should whose earth its be forth to grass bring from

after I, his kind; seed, to the and God, bring and herb saw own evening1:13 and the earth 1:16 there was forth And brought And that all I things its forth which had herb seed, from yieldmade own morning,there day. a third grass; yielding was after every seed herb

good. were after his ing seed kind; the earth and his fruit, kind; tree the yielding and

to its bring tree forth the from own in itself, seed should after whose be 2:13 the the evening and And seed, fruit yielding seed whose his kind. third morning the were day. bring could forth the only in same

1:17 And I, God, saw that all itself, after his kind; and the Gods

things which I had made were good; saw that they were obeyed.

the evening And and morning were 4:13 And it came to pass that the third day.

they numbered the days; from the

evening until the morning they called night; and it came to pass,

from the morning until the evening they called day; and it was the

third time.

1:14 And God said: 'Let there be 1:18 And I, God, said, Let there 2:14 And I, God, said: Let there 4:14 And the Gods organized the

lights in the firmament of the heavbe lights in the firmament of the be lights in the firmament of the lights in the expanse of the heaven, en to divide the day from the night; heaven, to divide the day from the heaven, to divide the day from the and caused them to divide the day

and let them be for signs, and for night; and let them be for signs and night, and let them be for signs, from the night; and organized them

seasons, and for days and years; for seasons, and for days and for and for seasons, and for days, and to be for signs and for seasons, and

1:15 And let them be for lights in years,the firmamentand let themof thebe forheaven,lights toin for years. for days and for years,

the firmament of the heaven to give give light upon the earth; and it 2:15 And let them be for lights in 4:15 And organized them to be

light upon the earth.'And it was so. was so. the firmament of the heaven to give for lights in the expanse of the

light upon the earth; and it was so. heaven to give light upon the earth;

1:16 two made the And God great I, God, two 1:19 And made

light lights: the greatergreat to lights; light the greater rule to the 2:16 And I, God, made two great and it was so.

rule the day, and the lesser light to day, and the lesser light to rule the lights: the greater light to rule the 4:16 And the Gods organized the

rule the night; and the stars. night: and the greater light was the day, and the lesser light to rule the two great lights, the greater light to

the greater light rule and the lesser the light the day, to and was sun, and the lesser light was the night, in set them1:17 And God lesser the light sun, and rule the the night; light lesser the with was the moon.

to give the offirmament heaven the moon; stars also and also, set they the stars were

light upon the earth, 1:20 And the stars also were made even according to my word.

the 4:17 in set And them Gods made, even according to word; my rule to the over1:18 day And I, the 2:17 set in of the the expanse God, I, to And heavens, them give set and in God, the firmathem

night, the divide to overand and light the firmament of to the earth, give heaven to rule upon and the of heaven, light ment to give light darkness;the the from and light the earth, upon over the the night, over day and earth; the upon the rule to and sun

it that good. saw wasGod to to light and cause divide the the over day, to the rule and moon the 2:18 to rule the sun over And the from darkness. over the night, to and divide the there1:19 evening and was And day, the rule to and the over moon light the from darkness.there fourth day. morning, a was night, to light divide 4:18 the and the those from Gods watched And

1:21 And I, God, saw that all the darkness; and I, God, saw that things which they had ordered unthings which I had made were good. all things which I had made were til they obeyed.

the evening And and the morning good. 4:19 that it it came to pass And the were fourth day.

from evening until 2:19 And the evening and the was morning

morning were the fourth day. that it was night; and it came to

pass that it was from morning until evening that it was day; and it

was the fourth time.

1:20 And God said: 'Let the 1:22 And I, God, said, Let the 2:20 And I, God, said: Let the 4:20 And the Gods said: Let us

waters swarm with swarms of living waters bring forth abundantly, the waters bring forth abundantly the prepare the waters to bring forth creatures, and let fowl fly above the moving creature that hath life, and moving creature that hath life, and abundantly the moving creatures earth in the open firmament of fowl which may fly above the earth, fowl which may fly above the earth that have life; and the fowl, that

heaven.'in the open firmament of heaven. in the open firmament of heaven. they may fly above the earth in the

1:21 And God created the great 1:23 And I, God, created great 2:21 And I, God, created great open expanse of heaven.

seamonsters, and every living creawhales, and every living creature whales, and every living creature 4:21 And the Gods prepared the

ture that creepeth, wherewith the that moveth, which the waters that moveth, which the waters waters that they might bring forth waters swarmed, after its kind, and brought forth abundantly, after their brought forth abundantly, after their great whales, and every living creaevery winged fowl after its kind; kind: and every winged fowl after kind, and every winged fowl after ture that moveth, which the waters

and God saw that it was good. his kind. his kind, and I, God, saw that all were to bring forth abundantly after

their kind; and every things which I had created were fowl winged I, 1:24 And God, that 1: 22 saw them, sayGod blessed And

after their all good. kind. Gods And the saw I which fruitful,ing, 'Be had created and things and multiply, were

(Continued on page 557) 527 SMOKY SUMMER

L. BURTON corner, was already puffing lazily \i.h, come on Bill, By OTIS smoke. Garth Smithson, in the

take one,"urged goodnatured Stan on his small, roundbowled "colWoodward, as he temptingly held litch"pipe. Joe Voss was indolently

the package of cigarettes out to rolling his smoke, and the other two

William (Bill) Clark. fellows, bluff Eldon Grover, tractor

"Naw, thanks just the same,"anman, and Harlan Porter, powder swered Bill, but his voice lacked its monkey, had just finished theirs.

usual conviction. "Well, Bill,"yawned Stan,

It was five minutes before two, the "should I light you up one?"

customary time for the twentyman "No, thanks, Stan,"answered crew working on the spillway of the Bill; "don't like the darned stuff."

Mirror Lake Reservoir to stop for a Stan laughed, good humoredly, fiveminute rest—and, in all cases then, "Come on, don't be a sissy,

but Bill's, for a smoke. Bill. You'd learn to like em in

Bill leaned his doublejack against time."

the cement abutment and sat down. Bill reared up in his bunk, feignAll around him the crew were lighting a nonchalance he didn't feel.

ing up their smokes. Old Dick Pier- "O. K., light 'er up. If you guys

son, the boss, was tamping a last few can stand it, I guess I can."

grains in his timeworn pipe; some "Attaboy,"chuckled Stan, "I

of the fellows were rolling their own; knew you'd come around."

most were lighting "tailor mades"; Four other bunks creaked and

all were settling back in the seeming groaned as their occupants straightluxury of solid satisfaction. ened up to behold the unbelievable.

All but Bill. His father's farewell "Well, I'll be darned,"exploded

words of instruction were racing redheaded Grover; "never thought

around in his mind. He could reyou'd stoop to it, Bill. Danged if I

call the scene vividly, although it ain't just a little disappointed in had happened two months before. you."

"Bill,"tall, grayhaired William, "Me, too,"laughed Joe, "I told

Senior, had said, his hand affectionJohn Duncan over in Tent Seven ately on his husky son's shoulder, just last night, that there was one "in a way I hate to see you go up guy in this outfit who wouldn't touch -f<> nice fellows They'reto that camp. tobacco he just laughed at me, and

..."."all that, butand but... WHEN FINALLY THE DAY CAME

"But what?"asked Bill, for his HE BOUGHT HIS FIRST PACKAGE. "Yup,"chimed in Harlan from

father had paused. about,"thought Bill as he glanced his bunk in the corner, "you fooled

it ain't too late to "Well,"explained Mr. Clark, "I around at the laughing, goodna- us, Bill—but

dare say you'll find those men up tured crew. He'd been in for a lot change your mind back again."there agreeable enough—they usuof kidding these last two months, And that's what Bill was thinkally are—but you'll also find there's but he had stood it pretty well. ing. As he sucked in the first ex-

a lot of smoking and drinking going They'd made goodnatured cracks perimental cloud of smoke from the on."and small jokes about him at first, proffered cigarette, he was rudely

"But, Dad,"interrupted Bill, but Bill had responded in good grace. shocked. It tasted terrible, nothing

"you don't suppose I'd...?"Yet they had tempted him a good short. To watch the other guys

"No, no... not especially, anydeal more than they had suspected. smoke, a fellow would think it was

way, son."The father's fine gray It did look fun to blow clouds of great fun and that smoke had an

eyes rested on his tall son. "But smoke, and the fellows were a likeespecially enticing taste—but this

you've led a pretty sheltered life. able lot. Outside of this one vice, tasted rotten and no mistake.

You've graduated from high school they generally had good enough Five pairs of eyes watched Bill's with a mighty fine group of young habits. awkward attempts, and five young

men and women whose parents don't men felt just a trifle foolish and believe in smoking or drinking. Ihat evening after dinmore than a little sorry. It had

Now, son, I don't want to sound ner the boys in Tent Three were seemed great fun getting Bill to the like a preacher, but..."lounging on their bunks. The six point of smoking, but the humor

"You don't have to worry about occupants of the tent were taking seemed to vanish now they saw the me, Dad,"concluded Bill and he their ease. Stan Woodward result.

had been utterly sincere. stretched to his feet, yawned, and But Bill puffed on, and, though

"Dad knew what he was talking lit up the inevitable afterdinner (Continued on page 566)

THE AGRICULTURAL

iADVISORY COMMITTEE i afc Hul QhuhriL U)&1$oUisl (pAvq/uwL is the purpose of the AgriWHAT IT IS ANDWhatcultural Advisory Committee? The Church Agricultural WHAT IT DOES

Advisory Committee is an auxiliary to

Welfarethe General Church CommitBy C. ORVAL STOTT dealing with agriculturaltee and is

problems as they pertain to the temporal Field Representative wellbeing of the Church membership either in or out of the Welfare ProLand Projects S. families make contact before making

agents land. purchases of Real estate of this commembershipgram. The

the enthusiastic too are often about selected carefully and fter devoting some thought to the beenmittee has it is the land they are selling and overlook thethe training and experience of the per- A land placement problem, sonnel cover all of the phases of the counsel of the committee that all local vital points that a family must take agricultural field. land opportunities be utilized before into consideration when considering a

for on placement elsewhere looking indicapresent future home. From folconsists the of committee The local these opportimes, farms. Many first will tions, the denot water be Sterling Nelson, H.lowing men: increasing tunities developed can be by livered project Coulee the on Grand vice Edmunds, C. Clyde irrigation and water of the amount It will least for years. three at more in experienced men chairman;chairman—both the present utilizing better to advantage fifteen for next or the developing be field both and marketing the memintensifying supplies, available by years, should farmers so very more be Welfare the of Generalbers Church in marketing the cooperating crops and careful land unthey purchase where is Austin,Committee; who Mark crops. those of of project the that der or water day of the Generalalso a Commember

mittee; President E. G. Peterson of Land projects throughout the West delivery will be too far distant for

the Agricultural College; Dr. Frankhave been investigated. There are them to continue to make their paylin S. Harris, president of Brigham better opportunities for outside land ments on the land and acquire ownertime ship. present the as viewed at of these men projects,Young University—both in the Northwest, Any prospective settlers who expect by the committee, Dilworth specialists in their fields; Dr.

land into the or to on any Northwest go Idaho, parts Montana, of including Agricultural of EcoBureauWalker, well projects, matter, for that would Califordo of parts and Oregon, Nevada of States Department nomics, United first their discuss the with to matter latter in parthe nia Washington, and IrriWinsor, Agriculture; Luther M. locally; then take Priesthood quorum, at the Files ticular. are maintained States the United with Engineer gation

their local the with matter up projall office these own land of central on Beers, formWilliam D.Government;

agricultural committee; stake advisory information has ects. mimebeen This city of state engineer Utah, erly and

if advisnecessary, then, and deemed stake to the out mailed and ographed presat the for Salt City engineer Lake the general able, contact through them is available committees agricultural and Stott, secexecutive time; Orval C. ent

Agricultural Advisory Church Comthrough Priesthood quorums for any retary; Harold B. Lee, exofficio memtrips of inspecbefore making in mittee that are interested those committees ber.

tion. be contacts If personal cannot Progress information. the obtaining Agricultural general Church This

it general the committee with may made the developments under reports on assist is to the stake preparedCommittee in for information to write advisable be at are also prepared several projects Agricultural regional Advisory and it mail. will gladly furnished by be and the with intervals. throughout Church committees

interest that the local This assistance problems. major their It seems is Church Policy on Land Projects in the the in centering projects is being given through can and personal now

visits of committee members to the state of Washington, particularly the npHE Church is not interested in gostakes as well as through correspondGrand Coulee dam. While on a recent * ing into the real estate business, nor

ence. Any problem that has to do with visit to that project, members of the will loans be made to individuals for

agriculture can be approached and asagricultural committee learned that the purpose of purchasing real estate sistance given by this committee if the many of our people are purchasing land or making down payments on real problem is presented by stake or rethere without full knowledge of what estate. The Church policy requires all

gional committees. Soil problems, irthey are buying. We definitely recommembers be dealt with impartially, and

rigation, crops, marketing, livestock, mend and urge that families do not there are not sufficient funds to take and all related problems will be given plunge into these matters without a full care of the needs of all who want to due consideration whenever they are and complete investigation. In the be placed on the lands; therefore, the

presented. first place, the Federal Government is policy of not going into the real estate

This general agricultural committee taking every precaution to prevent business has been determined upon, at has looked into the question of land speculation. They have offices mainleast for the present time. This does

opportunities throughout the West. tained on the project that are gathering not mean that the Church is not interVisits have been made to many of these detailed information as to the chemical ested in the membership retaining inprojects and statistical information analysis of soil, the topography, the terest in the land. On the contrary,

gathered and this released to the stake physical condition of the soils, the crops the definite policy is that land ownercommittees. grown, and other pertinent information ship be maintained. Our people will

In short, the agricultural committee that is available for those who are seekalways be a more stable people if they is acting as a clearinghouse for inforing placement. We are also appointcan keep their feet firmly planted in

mation on farm problems and rural ing advisory committees on the land the soil. While it is recognized that

problems, as well as on general probprojects, or adjacent to them, with there are many problems in connection lems. whom we suggest that interested L. D. (Concluded on page 550)

If the DEAD RISE NOT

By ALBERT L ZOBELL, JR.

BAPTISTRY, ALBERTA TEMPLE, CARDSTON, CANADA JhLStoMo 100 yeaAA.

Copyright photograph. All rights reserved. Reproduction

permission for any purpose specifically withheld.

oft. SapditovL #&l thsL (bead.

Else what shall they do which are bapBut even more emphatic than this peared to the Prophet the night of if at risetized for the dead, the dead not of records testimony from the is the of 1823. 21, September This last

all? for the dead? baptized are they why

told held ancient of Carthage, the Council the in 397 prophets American 1 15:29. Corinthians then—

A. D., clearly declaring that the the youthful Joseph of the Book

St. Paul first asked this Christians of that date did practise of Mormon, quoted many of theWhenquestion he was endeavorvicarious baptism for the dead, beprophecies of the Old Testament,

ing to prove the certainty cause in the sixth canon of that and left with a slight variation of of the resurrection. He chose an arcouncil the prevailing church forbids the prophetic words of Malachi ringgument and an ordinance, baptism any further administrations of baping in Joseph Smith's ears:

for the dead, apparently well known tisms for the dead. Thus we can

and understood by the Saints at readily conclude that baptism for the Behold I will reveal unto you the PriestCorinth ( Greece ), who received this dead existed in one form or another hood by the hand of Elijah the Prophet, epistle. Today the resurrection is until about the year 400 A. D. or daybeforeof thethe comingLord. of the great and dreadful

accepted as perhaps the most glorlater. Chrysostum, a patriarch at

ious belief of Christianity, but what Constantinople, says of the MarAnd he shall plant in the hearts of the has happened to Paul's original reacionites: childrenand the theheartspromisesof themadechildrento theshallfathers,turn

soning in behalf of the resurrection? to their fathers; if it were not so, the whole

they a dead After a catechumen had was earth would be utterly wasted at his comsince forgotten long beenIt had by living the the deceased; of under bed man ing. sectsthe Christianity unvarious of they to the then him asked coming dead man

til the restoration through direct if he would receive baptism; he being unrevelation to Joseph Smith a cenable to answer, the live man (under the Twice again that same night

tury ago. bed)firmative,wouldandanswerwas baptizedfor him,forin thethedeadafMoroni returned to Joseph's bedroom

If this passage of St. Paul's were man. to deliver that same soulstirring

the only one in the scriptures supmessage. That first visit of Moroni

porting the necessity of baptism for Theodoret, Bishop of Cyrrhus, a finally brought about the translation the dead, it might be classified as an small city in the wild district between of the Book of Mormon, the restoraerror in the translation of the Bible, Antioch ( Syria ) and the Euphrates tion of the Priesthood, and the estabbut there are many other references River, wrote: lishment of the Church, but it was

in both testaments bearing directly seventeen long years before Moupon the subject. Moreover, from churchesAs timeregardingpassed abusesthe ceremonycrept intoof bapthe roni's message concerning vicarious

the bits of historical data that surtism for the dead; some insisted that a dead baptism was thoroughly understood.

oil imanointed with then be and ages, thevived of aposperson a time dark organito the actual Subsequent oil in that others water; mersed be used evidence: other gather maytasy, we zation April 6, 1830, of the Church, until water; sprinkled; instead of and some

Epiphanius, a writer of the fourth the ordinance was totally done away with. oppression drove the Saints into

century, in speaking of the MarcionOhio, where on March 27, 1836, a ites, a sect of Christians to whom For a thousand years or more temple was dedicated to the Lord at he was opposed, said: after this time baptism for the dead Kirtland. On April 3, 1836, a series

an was unknown practise among bevisions ever remarkable of the most even In this mean lievers Christianity. of country—I Asia—and ediplace in that took recorded holy flourished their eminently; schoolGalatea,

and a traditional fact concerning them has fice. Jesus Christ personally acreached us, that when any of them have Tn response to the earnest supplicacepted the temple. He was followed

baptism, they useddied without to baptize tions of Joseph Smith endeavoring by Moses, committing the keys of in their resurrectionothers in the name, lest they should suffer punishment as unbapto ascertain his future activity in the the gathering of Israel, who, in turn, tized. (Heresies 8:7.) work of the Lord, Moroni first apwas followed by Elias conferring

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1940

authority; and finally Elijah appearWith water for the font supplied entering these temples to redeem

ed in direct fulfillment of Malachi's from a well thirty feet deep in the their kindred dead.

prediction and bestowed the keys of east end of the basement, baptismal Finally, in 1893, the Salt Lake salvation for the living and the dead. work for the dead began here in the Temple was completed, and here, on

The temple at Kirtland was not an afternoon of Sunday, November 2 1 May 23 of the same year, Brother adequate structure as we know our 1841. Elders Brigham Young, He- N. V. Jones performed the first bapin behalf of the dead.temples today—there were never any ber C. Kimball, and John Taylor tism for and

ordinances performed in it for the baptized about forty persons for and Brother J. D. T. McAllister immesalvation of the living or of the dead. in behalf of the dead. Elders Wildiately confirmed that first baptism.

It was built to receive the keys of all lard Richards, Wilford Woodruff, Five hundred twentyseven baptisms the former dispensations of the Gosand George A. Smith did the conwere performed here during the day.

pel for this, the final dispensation. firming of these baptisms. The work of baptism for the dead

The temple was accepted and the That the baptismal font was began functioning on a once-a-week keys were again transferred to morplaced in the basement of the Nauschedule. At present the baptismal

tal man, and thus it fulfilled the voo Temple (and every modern corps of the Salt Lake Temple is purpose of its erection. temple) was no coincidence encomposed of fifteen quorums of six

abling ordinance work to begin while Elders each. Each quorum has a

TThe year 1840 saw great mission the rest of the temple was still under permanent twoand-onehalf hour activity in the British Isles. A construction, but a commandment: assignment once a week. Baptisms

every executed for the dead are now of the of themajority Quorum the baptismal font was Consequently, in Lake the Salt except Sunday day in England Apostles wereTwelve of the grave, and instituted as a similitude personally directing the work. Joswas commanded to be in a place underneath Temple.

eph Smith, in corresponding with where the living are wont to assemble, to Temples were completed in Laie, living the forth dead, the and and show Alberta, Canada; Cardston, Hawaii; in 1840, October, brethrenthese

likeness, all their things and that have may in 1923, 1919, Arizona, Mesa, andsaid: that with another accord they one may

1 respectively. 927 and is to that earthly that conforming which for doctrine of baptism the that I assume

.. is and heavenly. which 1 dedthe 836, Church Since when.—Doctrine ears, this ere reached yourthe has dead

128:13. Covenants in inquiry your raised Kirtland, some Ohio, have atand icated temple a may

this in the I cannot same. respectingmind wonderful of this the keys where font temporary This in the Nauallletter information the give you may you it has given again to man, were

.. subject..desire on the replaced by a work was later voo Temple

I first mentioned the doctrine in public permanent one. carried the work increasingly forwhen preaching the funeral sermon of ward in the Nauvoo, St. George, Lo10, Lake, AlBrother Hawaii, (August Salt gan, Manti, Brunson Seymour rose, did so Temple the Nauvoo A s ingeneral since given have 1840) and berta, as well temples, Arizona and Saints. of the oppression the subject. Saintsstructions the have on The in for the a time as Endowment for those privilege the baptized of being Nevertheless, comthe temple was

lots, atof their relatives who are dead, whom they pleted and privately dedicated, deHouse. Two other temple

the believe Gospel embraced have would MisIndependence Far and West, death of the intervening the it, spite if privileged hearing with they been had souri, for dedicated temhave been Smith, Prophet and endowin- Joseph the received throughand have who ples, the used. In addition, not but strumentality of those been comtherein. whoit have administered were ments

missioned to preach to them while in prison. But in September, 1 846, the Nauvoo Church is building a temple at Idaho

Temple passed to the hands of the Falls and plans to erect one at Los

The work of baptism for the dead, mob, and for two years the once halAngeles in the near future.

Mississippi therefore, in the began course, for baptisms the dead Of structure as stood abanan lowed fall Illinois in in River of 1 840. the carried the only are not ordinances building. on November doned Then

last Saints the the understoodAt in Saint Latterday temforward it fell to the prey 19, 1848, wanton prophecy of Malachi and could do act of an incendiary. Flames swept ples. Baptism is only the first step

something toward its fulfillment. the entire structure, leaving only the in obtaining true citizenship in the

The Salt Lake Temple archives reblackened walls. The well, which Kingdom of God. It is merely the cord fifteen Mississippi River baponce supplied the water for baptisms foundation—other temple orditisms for and in behalf of the dead for the dead, is the only part of that nances build upon it and glorify it.

in 1840. temple remaining on the temple lot Yesterday the records of the temOn January 19, 1841, Joseph today. ple were laboriously prepared with

Smith received a revelation on the But the Saints had in the meanpen and ink; today they are typesubject: time completed their march to the written and bound in great volumes

For this ordinance belongeth to my house, Rocky Mountains and were already for the archives; tomorrow the copy

and cannot be acceptable to me, only in the planning more temples, these to enof ordinances performed will be indays of your poverty, wherein ye are not dure until the salvation of all the stantly photographed for the temple able to build a house unto me.—Doctrine dead is completed. Meanwhile, in records; but last week, this week, and

124:30. and Covenants the Endowment House, a temporary every week, a small army of the

Baptisms for the dead in the Mistemple in Salt Lake City, baptisms youth of Zion quietly goes into the sissippi River were discontinued by for the dead were administered from basements of the temples, there to revelation October 3, 1841. The 18551876. The building was torn be baptized in behalf of the dead.

work was then halted until a temdown in 1889. From these ranks tomorrow will

porary font in the basement of the Baptismal work began in the St. come the leadership of the Church;

Nauvoo Temple was dedicated on George Temple January 9, 1877. today they are faithfully carrying

November 8, 1841, by Brigham The Logan Temple was dedicated forward the work of salvation, preYoung, acting under the direction in 1884, the Manti Temple in 1869, paring for that day when the Lord of Joseph Smith, who was in attendand the Saints in each of these localof Hosts shall come again, this time ance at the meeting. ities rejoiced at the opportunity of to judge the quick and the dead.

Afictionized story surrounding the life of "Brigham Young,"a production conceived three years ago by Darryl F. Zanuck, of

20th CenturyFox Film Studios, has now come to the screen.

Approximately two million, seven hundred thousand dollars spent on the picture itself, with more than a quarter of a million dollars additional for advertising in newspapers and magazines and an unnamed amount for radio advertising, combined with a twoyear production schedule, has resulted in what the parent studio fondly hopes will be a bonanza picture.

From a preliminary story and a mass of material shaped by Louis

Bromfield, Lamar Trotti, top scenarist and coauthor of "In Old Chicago,"wrote the photoplay.

The European situation caused Hollywood studios to push their scenarios for costly, spectacle films back into the files to await the day DEAN JAGGER AS BRIGHAM YOUNG when they could recapture the European motion picture market.

big picturesHowever, already under finished, these \\way were and one of multimillion dollar productions is

Brigham Young.

Brigham Young, Mormon prophBRIGHAMet-leader, who rose humbly from a

Vermont farm to become America's great colonizer, is portrayed as a sagacious, kindly leader in the film.A "downto-earth,"but not earthy YOUNG"

man, wise and humorous by turn, By WESTON N. NORDGREN

with a staunch ScotchIrish heritage as a background, Brigham Young America's Story Colonizer Great of How Westernstands people out among the whom '"The ProphetLeader to the Screen in the and Has Come

TYRONE POWER AND JANE DARWELL SHOWN AS Film in Which a Modern Moses Lives Anew.

THE KENT FAMILY PREPARING FOR THE TREK.

he leads and directs. Full of the

practical wisdom of a father to his people, he is sensible enough to sorrow to cheer the Saints in times of stress, and light enough of heart to lead the dance at the end of a hard, tearing day's grind in the trek across the plains.

Dean Jagger, practically unknown to movie fans in spite of several varied roles, but fresh from New

York stage successes, enacts the part of the pioneer leader. The film

largely rests on his broad shoulders, for out of the three hundred fourteen scenes, Jagger plays in two hundred sixtyfour, spending one hundred eightynine hours before the cameras, or almost a third more than

VivienWind—aLeighmerehadoneinhundredGone Withtwentythe

five hours before the lens. Jagger's

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1940

physical measurements are said to match those of the prophetstates- man, for he is six feet two inches tall and weighs two hundred pounds.

Tyrone Power, as the chief Mormon scout, and Linda Darnell are the fictitious romantic leads, with

Mary Astor as Mary Ann Young.

Principal supporting roles are handled by Jane Darwell as Eliza Kent; John Carradine as Orrin Porter Rockwell; Jean Rogers

as Clara Young; Brian Donlevy as

Angus Duncan, plotter against the Big Tree, Davidson Clark, Claire COURTROOM SCENE OFSMITHTHE TRIAL OF JOSEPH welfare of the Church; Willard DuBrey, Tully Marshall, Dick LindaLeft Darnell,to right:MoroniJohn Olsen,Carradine,and VincentTyrone Power,Price.

Robertson as Heber C. Kimball; Rich, Ralph Dunn, Edwin Maxwell, John Carradine plays Porter Rockwell, Moroni Olsen

Stanley Andrews as Hyrum Smith; Edmund MacDonald and George Josephplays WillardSmith. Richards, and Vincent Price playsand Moroni Olsen, wellknown Melford—a distinguished, and, inMormon actor, as Dr. Willard Richcidentally, a costly array of talent. producers weeks of worry. They

ards, Other leading roles are carVincent Price, also a recruit from wired chambers of commerce in ried by eightyear-old Ann Todd, Broadway, ably portrays the Prophevery county seat in the West asking if they had any "cricket hordes."

When Elko, Nevada, telegraphed that millions of the pests were overrunning the place, Director Hathaway chartered two airplanes and rushed his stars and camera crew there. They worked for a week in

firstThe meet- a "band"of crickets two miles wide ing of Joseph

Smitih (left) and six miles long that was moving

Brighamwith Young (center) at the rate of half a mile a day.

C.and Heber

scenes, seagull the the BrigForKimball(right). Charto Utah. went ham Young Companyacters portrayVincent ed by real 'miracle of the seagulls,"The

Price, Dean Jagger, and however, happened to a movie comWillard Robpany on the Alabam Flats, near ertson, respectively. Lone Pine, California. Director

Hathaway was making a "setup"on Tyrone and Linda when a shout went up from the troupe. Out of

the north came thousands of seagulls on their way to the ocean, setting up a roar like a waterfall.

all director forgot roabout The alive etpossible to Shirley successor Smith. So vitally Joseph Temthe on camera and turned is mance perple, Dickie Jones, eleven, splendidly does his and and so he Marc literally the gulls that migration ofLawrence, Frank Thomas, Fuzzy sonality "get across,"that with a few blackened the sky for ten minutes,

Knight, Selmar Jackson, Frederick more scenes, he could easily have and during that time he secured more

Burton, Russell Simpson, Arthur stolen the show. than one thousand feet of "seagull

Aylesworth, Spencer Charters, Chief The cricket plague scenes caused footage"to enrich the picture.

Two hearty stomachaches nearly resulted from too much realism where crickets were concerned.

Dickie Jones and Ann Todd, brother and sister of Tyrone Power, in the picture, were called upon to "eat crickets"because they were supcrickets Fighting with posed to be starving. The director

as BrigJagger Dean ram Young and Mary gave them pieces of licorice to eat in

Astor as Mary Ann place of the crickets. Young.

When the cameras "rolled,"to everyone's consternation, the youngsters grabbed up a handful of crickets and crammed them into their mouths. Hathaway stopped them

as quickly as he could. "What do

(Concluded on page 547) ChwihsUv $t&u Jby.

ESTELLE WEBB THOMAS

in, which, cl bawild&hsuL QudthbohL a&kiu—THIS BE LOVE? CAN

And Cuthbert, hush, what an awful way to speak of your cousin!

Marilyn has grown into a—a charmbegan to ing girl!"run as he C'uthbertneared the gate and burst

into the hall with his usual effect of knocking down the walls. "Hi,

Mom, here's your lost long son!"he

shouted, shedding hat, coat, and knapsack as he came.

"Hi, Mom, where you at?"

It is a peculiarity, not confined to

Cuthbert, that a man or boy can remain happily away from home for almost any length of time, but if an early drop into his own clean, "Mom"is not visible the instant comfortable bed.

of his return, his entire universe is "Oh, darling, your nose! It's all

suddenly awry. peeling off! And look at your ears,

"Coming!"Mrs. Carroll hastened absolutely cooked!"His mother

from the upper floor, to be enveloped stared at him in dismay.

in a bear hug that smelled collec- "Just when did it get to be a tively of dust, pine boughs, and tragedy for my nose and ears to "An age of miracles!"muttered

wood smoke. peel?"demanded Cuthbert, through Cuthbert, skeptically.

"Why aren't you in the kitchen a mouthful of pie. "Now, listen, dear, don't be difficooking the fatted calf? The prod- "But the look so—cult. Aunt Evie is here for a month's dance—you'llif there's a dance, Cuthvisit before school starts, and theyigal son's been living on camp cook- "Woman,

ing for a month, remember."bert Carrol will be counted among are counting on you to show Marilyn

"Hush! Not so loud, Aunt Evie's the missing! Want to hear my pro- a good time!"

taking a nap! Never fear, the fatted gram for the evening? A boiling "They are, eh?"Cuthbert pushed

calf is in the oven. I know my Boy hot scrub, a full, square, allaround his pie away, looking actually sick.

Scouts, I hope!"meal, a jar of your cold cream, top- "So, the jinx is still on me, is it?

Arms about each other, they ped off with twelve hours of heavy I been knocking on wood all summer walked toward the kitchen, as if sleep!"'cause it didn't seem natural to have

drawn by a magnet. "But, Cuthbert, I haven't had time such a good old peaceful summer,

playing Cupid or show- "If I'm just on the outside of half to tell you-—but I'm afraid you'll and not be

else's girl around. ing somebody here! big ora pie, a bread bowl of and just have to go—Marilyn's up! shows now this Calamity And I tillmilk, as "Marilyn?"dinner Cuthbert looked wait can Dad gets

home!"Cuthbert said, with noble blank as only he could look. "Who's Well, I hate to hurt your feelings,

selfsacrifice. Marilyn?"Mom, but I'm not elected! Or, if I

is she This had been one of the eventful "Oh, Cuthbert, you remember am, I choose to run! Where

months of his life. He had fished, your cousin Marilyn? You used to now?"he finished, in a more normal

hiked, swum, and scaled mountains play with her, you know, every sumtone of voice, drawing his pie toward to his heart's content. Richard mer at Grandmother's!"him again, morosely.

Brandon was a great guy, a real "Aunt Evie's taking a nap."This "Hush, Aunt Evie will hear you!

Scout Leader, and Old Tubby was statement had failed to register when Marilyn's out with some of the girls.

a regular human when there were his mother made it, but the speech She said she could hardly wait to no girls around. Yes, everything came back to his mind now, and he see you."

had been perfectly okay, and now, asked, aghast, "You don't mean A high cacophony of girlish gigtired, dirty, and hungry, he was Mamie, Aunt Evie's kid, do you? gles interrupted her.

ready for a hot bath in a real tub, a That—that freak!""Oh dear, there she is now! Cuthbig meal of Mother's cooking, and "We did call her Mamie, yes. bert, you—

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1940

But Cuthbert, with one mighty bert stared at his image in the mirror, leap, was in the bathroom, with a SPOTS BY arms suspended, an end of tie in shouted, "Oh, Mom, would you FIELDING K. SMITH each hand, "He's not exactly oblimind bringing my clothes and hanggated—and I couldn't lick him—buting them on the bathroom door?"Butch is always broke—if worst

The same request he had made pracround, blue eyes heavenward, excomes to worst, I've got most of tically every time he had taken a claimed, languidly, "Bertie! In the last month's allowance saved up!"

bath in his life. flesh!"Mentally he reviewed the rest of

of could the gang. he them Some the Cuthbert dropped hand—he

lick, nearly bribed, might be some holds holding it as a been one had kissed Evie CuthAunt past for indebted some all were it park to fish with no place dead boy, a big now,bert and said he was and how did he like school, and she as if it had suddenly turned red hot, favor, for Cuthbert was a "kindhoped he was doing better than he and grunted. Bertie, eh? So that's hearted guy.""And this is the payused to do. She went on to say how it was! He glued his eyes to off!"he gritted, giving his tie such

to Mrs. Carroll that it was surprishis plate and lost his tongue for all a vicious jerk that his eyes popped.

ing how they grew, but she believed but eating purposes. Sullenly aware In this mood he descended to the

girls acquired polish younger than of his mother's entreating, his faliving room to await the fair Mariboys. She then remarked, in a ther's stern glances, he ate stolidly lyn, braced for the ordeal of preslightly lowered tone, as though through every course, though his senting her to Pleasantville junior

Cuthbert was deaf, what a pity it pleasure in this longanticipated meal society, and prepared to insure her was he had the Carroll ears, and how had turned to ashes of bitterness. popularity by bribes, blackmail, or

glad she was that Marilyn had not All the ignoring in the world, howbrute force.

inherited any of those objectionable ever, could not put off the evil hour He had not long to wait. Marilyn

stairway the in a cloud downfeatures. the table, floated forever. they rose from As pink, of filmy to with what seemed Cuthbert stood during these obsaid, in that maddening Marilyn

of Cuthbert an unnecessary amountservations, the with set, dogged peotone exworldly some amused and about yardage an emher feet andpression he for such always assumed child or ple affect with a a little moron, "Well, Bertie, are we off to shoulders.barrassing Lips,shortagecheeks,aboutand nailsher battery the dance?"the under And sanguinary a red were and points eyes, stern, parental of Cuthbert

light glittered of twinkled from and signifying strangled sounds made bracelets, facets of the neckmany unfortunately, such, that the was lace, eardrops. and

case. "Hellup!"to groaned Cuthbert

this about "Well, there's it!"he himself, into "Picture prancing me clothes jerking viciously, muttered, the tree! that with dance Christmas

off hangers with a reckless disre- I'd rather be shot!"

Marilyn eyes rolled her alarmpopular—orgard for creases.else! I got"Sheit comingbetter beto ingly to overand pretended be

me! I'm not going to struggle whelmed at Cuthbert's elegance.

"Why, Bertie! Do my old eyes deceive me, or is it the Barefoot Boy

himself, hiding behind that tux?"

"You're somewhat disguised, yourself, Mamikins!"drawled Cuthordeals. The flood of comments had bert, smiling, dangerously. "Haven't

long forebbed present those enough out your back hair, orto get table, seated the about before yousomething—combed

appeared. CuthbertMarilyn Carroll, "Cuthbert dare! don't youthought, with that abhorrence, she

If ever get that with you me for delayedhad the purpose of makhere, ruined! be name I'll—I'lltaggeding impressive entrance. an He horrid call Don't dare ever you Mamime failedvery pointedly to notice her kins again!"

until his mother's sharp, "Cuthbert, {Continued on page 570) here's Marilyn!"brought his eyes

from his plate in simulated surprise.

Then, he had to acknowledge, mentally, the truth of Aunt Evie's through the rest of the summer with proud statement. Undoubtedly, a flop hung around my neck."

Marilyn had changed. The cottony, Wrathfully, he began tearing

straight hair, which Mamie was alopen a dress shirt, stripping off a ways pushing impatiently out of her couple of buttons as he did so. "I'll

eyes, had been transformed into tell Old Tubby a thing or two! I've

shining golden curls in a coronet got him outa more than one tight above the pert face. The bounteous hole! He can dance with her and

crop of yellow freckles was replaced take her off my hands once in a with a glowing complexion which while, or can pay up in cold cash for

Cuthbert hoped, cynically, was real. some of the favors I've done him!

She put out a white, soft hand, "And old Butch! He's a good

with ghastly red nails and rolling her dancer—all he is good for!"Cuth535

J/ul QnApihsuL fowLfijuwL of Uul

( Conclusion Forcefully he presented his changes,

As far as it is ascertainable from often explaining why they shouldthe records of the sermons and disBIBLE be made. Several of these changes

courses of the Prophet, we find BY are of greatest interest and value only once that he quoted the Bible as and reflect the broadened informahe had revised it. (History of the DR. SIDNEY B. SPERRY tion which the Prophet Joseph had

Church 2:260. Quoted was I. R. acquired from the study of Hebrew,

Genesis 8:6970. See also Pearl of AND Greek, and other languages begun

7:62.) This wasGreat Price, Moses of MERRILL Y. VAN WAGONER ofseveralthe Bible.years Fromfollowingthis knowledgehis reviewin with the agreement command

the Lord. "It is expedient that thou Of Brigham Young University of the original tongues coupled with

shouldst hold thy peace concerning divine inspiration, he received inthem, and not teach them until ye comparable insight for interpreting have received them in full."(DocWho bore record of the word of God, the truths of the Bible. He states:

Christ, the of of testimony and Jesus andtrine I 42:57.) Covenants to The and take to exceptions going now am

all that of things he saw. present the translation of in the Bible thatfact the so Prophet seldom readeth, they are they Blessed and who relation to matters. these latitude and Our his revision orquoted preached the understandeth words heareth and is who longitude the original in determined can be

things this those thatfurther not keepeth of prophecy, testimony he and had greater far with accuracy than Hebrew of the therein, for written time are which full. in scriptures thereceived Otheris the in version. English grand a There

(I. nigh. the the of draweth Lord coming distinction eleven of the period actual of between the meaning duringwise

1:1-3.) R., Rev. the translation. the present prophets and ceasedyears, he 1833 from when

translating the Bible to 1844 when Later on in this same sermon, JosThea beastprophetsor beasts,do notbut declarethat theythatsawtheythe sawimhe was assassinated, he would aseph Smith said of the 13th chapter of age or figure of a beast. Daniel did not see

suredly have taught it and not Revelation: an actual bear or a lion, but the images or

figures of beasts. translation those it in The his frequent mentioningavoided is mistranslation of the a There

inword should "image"have rendered been addresses.sermons and original verse. in the second dragon The

of "beast,"instance in stead every where signifies dragon, the devil, not and word quoted Prophet the Whenever are beasts Prophets.8 the mentioned by translated. as retained the Bible thefrom he either 5:342343.) (History the Church of

version of the King Jameswords or Yet here again the Inspired ReHere is a change to be made; still declaredelse flatly it to be wrong

and then gave a rendering of the pasvision reads the same as the King it had not yet been made when the Version. revised James Prophet the Bible, wherein differed from it. Hesage which Another example of quoting the the beast remains. word his of to take no accountseems King James version concerns MatOn Sunday, June 11, 1843, thechanges in the Inspired Revision,

which of course was not printed. At thew 23:37. Here the Inspired ReProphet was delivering another disthe April Conference of the Church vision reads as follows: course:

in 1843, the Prophet delivered a O Jerusalem! Jerusalem! You who will I will now turn linguist There are

things in the Bible kill will which many do not, as the prophets, stone them and who in typical address, he first which they stand, accord the revelations with now I have often are sent you; unto would how at version,quoted the King James to of the me. Ghost Holy together, as a children even gathered your

the same time disregarding the Inhen gathers her chickens under her wings, I will criticize a little further. There has

spired Revision, and then gave anand ye would not. been much said about the word hell, and the

sectarian world have preached about much for mistranslaexplanation other a it, it describing to fire this burning a lake be of differences and between The in version. tion the King James brimstone. is hell? It is and But anwhat slight, version are the King James

is other term, modern taken that lying and only from hades. which was John saw his as Joseph, the Prophet in but was I'll after hunt as for hades the did Pat shortly futurity to woodand which was come

to pass. See Rev. 1:1-3, which is a key to custom, retained the King James chuck.

the whole subject: "The revelation of Jesus reading as his text on Sunday, June Hades, the Greek, or Shaole, the Hethese Christ, to two significations gave which world unto Him, mean a God show 11,1 843, when he quoted as follows brew:

of spirits. spirits Shaole, paradise, things shortly servants Hades, unto His which must

come to pass; and He sent and signified it by O Jerusalem, Jerusalem, thou that killest in prison, are all one: it is a world of

His angel unto His servant John: Who the prophets and stonest them which are spirits. (History of the Church 5:425.)

bare record of the word of God, and of the sent unto thee; how often would I have

testimony of Jesus Christ, and of all things gathered thy children together, even as a Thus declared the Prophet. Now

that he saw. Blessed is he that readeth, and hen gathereth her chickens under her the word hell occurs in the Bible fiftythey that hear the words of this prophecy, wings, and ye would not. (History of the four times, yet when the Prophet was

things that are those written therekeep and Church 5:423.) revising it he changed the word hell the in: for time is at hand."(History of the

(I. to prison 2: R., once only Acts 5:342.) Church the before, Prophet we noted As

, leaving others the as were. they 27 ) with above quotation is virtually agree always did not The Joseph

word for word the same as the King the King James version. "I believe Earlier in the same discourse the

James version, yet some ten years the Bible,"he said, "as it read when Prophet had discussed the word before in revising the Bible, the it came from the pen of the original paradise at greater length.

Prophet Joseph had rendered this writers. Ignorant translators, care- I will say something about the spirits

passage quite differently as follows less transcribers, or designing and 8Does this refer also to the beasts mentioned in it Revelation? declares that not. Prophet does The priests servant of John, of corrupt Revelation committed a have many The said, is difference a "There distinction grand and He

of given which Jesus unto God, him was visions the figures of between the spoken and by errors."(History Church of the

prophets, those ancient in revelaof the spoken and his Christ, to things servants unto show speaking times he 6:57.) when At... tions of of John. speaks saw and John What to pass, that shortly he must which come

things those in heaven; he were which which saw acin the changes made striking his his signified sent angel unto and by the to earth."pertaining Daniel and on saw were

servant John, cepted King James translation. (History of the Church 5:341342.)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1940

in prison. There has been much said by o[ the Church 4: 602603. ) Finally, work was done on it by the

divines themodern of about words Jesus in 1844, he said: "My text is on the Prophet. thief, the cross) to the saying,(when on

"This day shalt thou be with me in parresurrection of the dead, which you From 1833 on, it seems from his adise."King James'translators make it will find in the 1 4th chapter of John sermons, the Prophet Joseph did notout to say paradise. But what is paradise?—'In my Father's house are many teach the changes he had made in

isIt a modern it does answer word: not mansions.'Bible. It should be—'In he continMeanwhile my the

allat to original the that Jesus word made verking- to quote ued Father's kingdom are many the King James of.use the Find original of the word

paradise. You may as easily find a needle doms,'in order that ye may be heirs sion. At times, however, he dein a haymow. Here is a chance for of God and jointheirs with me."clared various King James texts

battle, ye learned men. There is nothing (History o/ the Church 6:365.) wrong and proceeded to render

in the original word in Greek from which this that signifies taken paradise; but Here we have change after change them differently. And in every inwas

it was—This day thou shalt be with me being made by the Prophet several stance the new rendering differed

in the world of spirits: then I will teach (years after he ceased translating from the text of the Inspired Reviyou all about it and answer your inquiries. the Bible. Would the Prophet Jossion which remained the same in

Peter says to he preached went andAnd as these passages eph the King the translations of have given James 1 spirits (spirits of in prison,the world version. scripthe various the received passages If he had different fromPeter, verse), 19th 3rd chap., so that they

who would receive it could have it anwhat he had already done, if he tures in full in 1833, would he have swered by proxy by those who live on had completely revised it when he made further important changes the earth, etc. (History of the Church laid it aside in 1833? seven years later? The statements of

5:424425.) All this evidence, which at first the Prophet and Sidney Rigdon in

Here also the Inspired Revision appears confusing and contradictory, 1833 that they had "completed"the text is the same as the King James. readily resolves itself into a simple New Testament and "finished"the

A short time before the martyrharmonious pattern, with no break translation of the Bible are invaldom, the Prophet was explaining from beginning to end. There is idated by these later changes and

the doctrine of the plurality of gods. not an inconsistency to be found by the Prophet's announcement in

He said: therein. Let us reconstruct it: 1840 that the time had now come

I will show from the Hebrew Bible that After the Book of Mormon had when he should do more work on

I am correct, and the first word shows a been given to man, the Lord had the Bible.

plurality of Gods; and I want the apostates promised He would give the scripThe fact that on February 2,

to learnedand here men prove come and tures to the Prophet, but the with ifto the contrary, can. they unlearned An definite that reservation they should New1 832, theTestamentProphet "nohad sealedmore upto thebe little giveboy a must you Hebrew. Berosheit baurau Eloheim ait aushamayeen not be taught until they had been opened till it arrived in Zion"does

vehau auraits, rendered by King James'received in full, and then they were not indicate in the least that he did translators, "In the beginning God created to be taught unto all men and acnot intend to go over it again. It

I the earth."andthe heaven want to cepted as the law to govern the indicates that the work of revisionanalyze Berosheit. the the word head; Rosh,

Sheit, a grammatical termination; the Baith Church. During the following three was completed for the time being

was not originally put there when the years, the Prophet Joseph Smith, only, until it had arrived at the press inspired man wrote it, but it has been since aided by Sidney Rigdon as scribe, in Zion. But before the printing was

added signifies an by Baurau old Jew. possible, intermittently the Saints driven to labored at revising were

bring forth; the Eloi, is from Eloheim word settled at the Bible from Zion had and by inas he was directed the singularGod, in number; and by adding

the word heim, it renders it Gods. It read spiration. On July 2, 1833, he comNauvoo.

first, "In the beginning the head of the Gods pleted his first revision, having gone Again, if the Bible had! been comor, forthbrought others as the Gods,"have pleted, in both through was it not published why and the Old New Testranslated the of called head it, "The Gods immediately 1833 or laid taments. it aside, and after? The He then together."orthe Gods... The head God

ganized the heavens and the earth. I defy from 1833 until 1840 no more was Book of Mormon had no similar peall the world to refute me. In the begindone on the work of revision. Then, riod of waiting, and the Lord had

ning the of the heads organized Gods the scripexpressed wish that the on His of that year June 18 (1840), the earth.heavens the and the learned Now should declared completed his intention Prophet to be tures whenpriests the rage, people and the heathen and

imagine a vain thing.... I once asked a continue the translating. This was taught throughout the world. The

learned Jew, "If the Hebrew language comin order to prepare it for publicaexplanation is contained in a letter pels us to render in ending words heim to tion, written Phelps, for in 1833, to raise which a campaign W. W.

plural,in the first render the not whyall in stated: the which Prophet funds already been inaugurathad plural?"replied, isEloheim the "That He

rule with few exceptions; but in this case ed. However, there was no opporIn regard to the printing of the New

it would ruin the Bible."He acknowledged tunity to continue, and no further Translation: It cannot be done until we

I was right.... The word Eloheim ought can attend to it ourselves, and this we will

to be in the plural all the way through do as soon as the Lord permits. (History

Gods. (History of the Church 6:475476.) of the Church 1:365.)

However, this change had not The scriptures had not been rebeen made in the Revision. ceived in full. For that reason alone

would the Prophet Joseph himself

HPwo more short examples should have had to attend to the work of be mentioned. In some remarks publication, further to revise the

to the Relief Society, April 28, 1842, Bible as he was preparing the copy the Prophet said that the passage before finally submitting it to be in the third verse [of I Cor. 12] printed. Inasmuch as he had not

which reads, "No man can say that had time to attend to this work, the

Jesus is the Lord, but by the Holy inspired translation of the Bible

Ghost,"should be translated, "No was never published by him.

man can know that Jesus is the Lord, We can accept the changes which but by the Holy Ghost."(History ( Concluded on page 568

Jbe, What (Dosa. 9t Tnwn. io

SPIRITUAL?

By NEPHI JENSEN

don't go to shows very often. souls. Or, in other words, the esBut the title David Copperfield sential and cardinal fact about the

I went, "birth of the spirit"is the actualI connoted Dickens; so

and was highly entertained. Morecoming into the soul of light and life

over, I was compensated, for one through the "sensitizing"power of circumstance about the reaction of the Holy Ghost. Alma's testimony

the audience led me into a strain of is in accord with this basic idea of thought in the realm of spiritual spiritual illumination. He tells us

philosophy. that in his time those who were "born

The most touching scene is that of God"were "illuminated by the in which little David Copperfield, light of the everlasting word."(Alafter having for some time endured ma 5:7.)

the inhuman treatment incident to In another place, Alma speaks of an apprenticeship in London, leaves spiritual rebirth as an awakening, his cruel employment and starts in its deepest aspects. Of some of

home, choosing the strict, harsh dishis converts, he tells us that God cipline of his foster parents to the "awakened"them, and that they brutality of strangers. He reaches "awoke unto God."The phrase is

home in rags, bespattered with mud, beautifully significant. Awakening,

fatigued, and halfstarved. His or becoming so intensely alive that

stepmother gives him a vigorous one is actually aware of God, is scrubbing, then sets him up to the spiritual sensitiveness. This inner

table for muchneeded refreshments, sensitiveness to what is vital, sacred, after which she put him to bed. For and eternal, "awakened"by the enthe first time in months he finds himligious philosophy and also a distinergizing power of the Holy Spirit, is

self within at least semicongenial guished literary craftsman. But the very essence of spirituality.

walls, between clean lofty and tucked religious sentiments, no matter 'T'he account of the manner in sheets. overwhite or finely phrased, He is completely do how idealistic which was "born Adam heartbreaking sense spirituality. true constitutecome by a of not The

instructive. Spirit"is most Weof arethegratitude life is poetical and kneels upon the snowspiritual deeper than

white sheet, and with sobs and half sentimentalizing about God. It is told that the "Spirit of God dearticulate words he gives thanks for more genuine than ritualistic mystiscended upon him, and thus he was

his present comforts. cism. It is more vital than the finest born of the Spirit and became quickin inner the ened man."(Moses aestheticism. the broken His words moved phrase, "quickthe 6:65.) Mark terse acthe tears. Possibly most to andaudience comments From It in inner the the holds ened man."

it this question to curate answer that evidentoverheard, was many significant description of the most it spiritual? to does be that the mean impression withwent What away life spiritual in to sacred be found

in statement the simple spiritually found refreshed.they been had—is is literature. Spirof the "born One

is soul spirituality state of that the circumstances provoked me The is it"his soul "quickened,"when "born of those of been have whoto thinking of the meaning about sensitized sanctifying the or by course, Spirit."of answer, This the Ispirituality. from walked away As of the Ghost. power one Holy And raises fundaanother more and I thethe myself asked playhouse, is in actually inner the "quickened

it does question. mental "What flood tears ofquestion: the "Was is completely so he enman"when Spirit?"This of to the born be meanI just expression of witnessed an within, livened that has become he

all is vital quesof of the most one itspirituality? to does mean What alive to reality the of His and God the tions pertaining Christian to spiritual?"be majesty. power, goodness, and

The question reminds me of a philosophy of individual progress In its moral aspects spiritual rerather scholarly young member of and development. birth involves an actual soultrans-

our Church who thinks that a cerThe Master very pointedly told formation, or change from an evil tain noted protestant minister is the Nicodemus that a man could not attitude to a pure and good attitude "greatest spiritual force in America.""see the Kingdom of God"unless of soul. According to the actual

This excellent young man, evidently, he had "been born again."Obword of God to Alma, one is "born

had not thought of the inconsistency viously, the statement implies that of God"when he is "changed from of the idea that the "greatest spirthe spiritual rebirth of which he is a 'carnal'state to a state of rightitual force"was outside of the speaking brings to the soul the life eousness."(Mosiah 27:25. ) To the

Church whose especial mission is to and illumination that enables one to same effect is the testimony of King spiritualize mankind. The man he see the majestic power and eternal Benjamin. Of those to whom he

refers to is one of the noblest conglory of the Kingdom of God in its preached, we are told that a temporary thinkers in the field of repurification and ennoBlemen-t,: of (Continued on page 568)

SIR HUBERT WILKINSWHEN RECEIVED A VISITOR By DON MACK DALTON Capetown ten years ago, while Book of Ether about the building of

INserving as president of the South the eight barges, how they were

African Mission, I was elected to lighted, and how the people drifted membership in the distinguished with the wind.

University Club, and there, at the His interest seemed to increase.

club's luncheons, was privileged to He said, "I am very glad to get listen to a number of worldfamous this book, and I shall have time to visitors. I remember especially the read it now."He added an invitavisit of Sir Hubert Wilkins, the retion to see the boat.

explorer, for nowned what he said it him, and was We followed turned out particular to be of and astonishing to see this how man unexpected consequence. crawled down small hatchways and

At table, I found myself seated through holes to show us everything directly opposite Sir Hubert and the of interest. Everything was arcaptain of the Wyatt Earp, the little ranged to make for the greatest

craft in which he was then preparspace economy. I said to him, "Mr.

ing for further ventures into the it Wilkins, to are seems you me that

Antarctic. as I remember him too great to spend such a long a man

brownhaired, keeneyed, of glowtime in a little boat like this, with so ing countenance. At forty, as I many inconveniences."

judged him, he stood about six feet tall. "These things have to be borne,"

The scientific value of polar exhe replied, "that the world generally may be helped."plorations formed the theme of his

were led into his little office, discussion. He stated that as a Courtesy Salt Lake Tribune. We

in Australiayoung man he had SIR HUBERT WILKINS which,by six byfeet.the Thereway, wasI inscribedabout fivea thewatched country pass through

periods of drought, and this had copy of the Book of Mormon and started him on his career of exploragoing under ice, a boat on top of presented it to him with some other tion. He studied the atmosphere, the water, and an aeroplane—one Church literature. He stated, "I

with the hope of eventually discovof the earliest ideas, he believed, of have always wanted to read the ering the general mechanism of the submarine and aeroplane. I 'Mormon Bible.'I have been into

weather. His expeditions led him to thought the Jaredite barges and the Capetown browsing in secondhand

believe that the Antarctic had a hard winds that drove them from the book stores to get some books to much greater influence on weather eastern to the western hemisphere read, and here you come with someconditions than the Arctic, chiefly would be vitally interesting, and I thing I have always wanted."

owing to a much wider distribution made up my mind to visit him on his He then began to unfold himself of ice in the Antarctic. He proposed boat. to us. He said that in New Zeathat meteorological stations be es- A ccordingly, not long after, I set land he used to board at the same

tablished in the polar regions to foreout for the Wyatt Eavp, with house as two Mormon Elders. They

cast seasonal conditions. ForeElder Stanford G. Smith accomwere fine men, but he was studiously

knowledge of wet or dry seasons panying me. I was surprised to see engaged twelve hours a day in rewould be of particular economic adthe little craft in which Sir Hubert search and never got time to read

of the Book tovantage farmers. Mormon. "I cannot He suggested to face the frozen was south—only thankthat you these for bringing enough forecasts could be given me about one hundred feet twentyfive

a year or two ahead. Weather conlong and perhaps forty feet wide, this literature,"he continued.

ditions could be reported from points and made of wood. The explorer "Do you read fast?"I asked.

in the Arctic and Antarctic regions recognized me from our luncheon ac- "Very rapidly. I will read this

to central compiling stations for disquaintance. literature thoroughly, for I want to

tribution, and all could be done by Our conversation, as I recall it, know more about the Mormons and shortwave radio mechanism, as he went something like this: what they believe."

had been assured by Senor Mar- I told him give that I had come to for a card He autographed and meconi. literature, some him Mormon par- a tract for Elder Smith, and went we

Sir Hubert also told of his exticularly the Book of Mormon. out of his little office into the dining

periences in the Nautilus, of his in- "From your talk, Mr. Wilkins, I room, which was another little cubterest in building undersea craft, know you are interested in winds byhole.

and of his further interest in water and submarines, and I believe I have "I like to be with my men,"he and wind currents. At once my a history of an older submarine than stated. "I eat with them and sufmind went to the travels of the Jaredthe one you found in India on a piece fer the same things they have to

ites and Nephites, for Sir Hubert of tapestry."suffer, and do the same things they

stated that in India he had seen an "Well, that is interesting,"said have to do. I help them and they

ancient weaving depicting a boat he. I then read to him from the help me."(Concluded on page 553)

IN ZION CANYON THRESHING TIME MOON MAGIC

By Lydia Hall By Beatrice Knowlton Ekman By Iris W. Schow

of fields, the shocks stubble fading From 'I I 'he wonderland went to moon is pale and polished summer wheatTODAY * the threshing has beits gathered nights where sagesweet air, Are drank And

Saw where a singing river carved gun. Like a thin, gilded disk that faintly chimes

A way beyond compare. The straining horses groove with plodding Sweet foreign tunes. The limpid moonlight

feet writes Today I lost my grievances A double ring... the greasesmoothed Across the land a tale of distant climes.

Out where the west wind calls, cogwheels run.

Steeped my soul in the splendor of The driver calls and whistles from the The world is changed; the meanest cottonBright, painted canyon walls. power wood,

As cylindercrescendos blare and roar. Goldebonied, becomes a tropic tree;

Today I felt tears burn my cheeks Loose straw and chaff, borne upward, fall It moves and, moving, murmurs; now I

Tears I could not deny in shower, could

As the sun made an altar of And winnowed wheatbeds from the grainBelieve I heard the singing of the sea,

Majestic mountains high. spout pour. Could swear I trod the sands of a far shore.

Thus grows the warm light's witchery on carnival, of threshing brings a note me, will loveliness follow me TheNow tilt with laughter farmers and with As brain, a troubled a spirit jest, Routing the Into sore town, dusty fall pitcher's the bundles steadily While buffets. strong day's Fancies, vagrandeur looks With heFor on who

quickly are the board, they where Upon free, grant, look never down. more Can

pressed Fill me with warm desire; I am no more

tent blue Into the drum. of sky Under calmeyed working sort I've meant to The

... for supold, bread old pageantry be. VAGABOND HEART An ply!

By Emma Glasec why was I given a vagabond heart SADNESS YELLOW CANDLES IN NEVADA

OH,And feet that were made to roam By Margaret Johnson By Cristel Hastings paths and woodlandAlong over the hills, Sadness stay at I must home?When now When iseatenthe saltby ofitselflife. hat subtle hand has wrought quick

here, magic sting. leaves a I lure the of the followed have Oh!

the poplar the cottonwood, and with the whole, WLighting spring; RememberedIt call; I winter's white have answered

the air Scenting leaves, It burning autumn with savour. adds a lanes, friendly explored have summer

desert Transforming as miles could? no man fall. of the challenge the gay MetI

Ah, true! And now be at peace, foolish ROADWAY The barren waste of sagebrush and of sand,

of Bereft suns, beauty under noonday heart, Russell Solveig Paulson By shrine for the with beauty dusk these quiet of as such days For that I see road to the beach a stir, last winds the small and shadow IsWhensudden all loveliness the of the There's Makes own my world, with my heart runs.

Since I hold poignant memories. Though I'm far from the green water's 4 *- spray:

where road The we wandered and spoke YUCCA ON A LONELY HILL love, of our POSSESSION in the bay."as rocks "As steadfast By Lucretia Penny

slipped and onward years have By Norman C. Schlichter The

muffled our dreams tree has neighbor flower or no field. alfalfa a fair saw She the roadway no more, now be may is finished grant her I good. work it, To too. And neighbor saw My

certain rocks those But still that we I am that gardener lonely walks way. No I said, wonderful very "How

if should, one hills decree Its lavender and blue!"Still knewstand on the wavebeaten shore. RoughAnd

the not see sure praise do perfect each cup; we Tm that none comes near the love same,'For that we plighted has scoffed To

field. he, the Said owned stately yet in pride who she lifts And at the years,

He never saw a color there. Enriching our life's every part, Her ivory carvings up,

His mind was on the yield. Till now that you're gone it dwells with And though applause may be denied.

me still Makes no apology for pride.

And offers sweet balm to my heart.

AUTUMN LEAVES RATIO By Grace Sayre THERE is a comradeship in falling leaves By Clarence Edwin Flynn the dry Rustling and along brown short be getting f MUST of wind fields I * it late. find true Of of saddays and speaks nights when That

I cannot That with keep up Time yields ness

I to do. used The way it tell to desire, grieves. whereof To pent

And there is sweet tranquility of miles When I was young I kept ahead,

On miles of idling leafstrewn lanes; and And had to urge him on.

charm He never could go fast enough in days agone. Of asters scattering heedless bloom—sunFor me

warm With leaf and shadow, dappling chequered But now he races down the road, aisles. And sprints across the hill.

I know a path where I would walk today I follow, begging him to wait,

And, loitering, scuff dry leaves along its And know he never will.

way, Photograph by Solveig P. Russell.

fomOti

ARTHUR WINTER, CHIEF Mary Elvira Truelson, who died in dition, he has held numerous special

CLERK, PASSES 1927. He married Ida Freeman in 1931. appointments.

Surviving him besides his wife are For fifteen years Elder Giles served /ldest worker in years of service at Rosannah Winter and Ruth Winter as superintendent of the Ensign Stake general Church headquarters, ElMcDonald, daughters. Y. M. M. I. A., and for eight years as

der Arthur Winter died August 1 at a member of the stake high council, most the age of seventysix. He had been FIRST PRESIDENCY of the time as stake chairman of Aaronic

chief clerk in the office of the First RECEIVES MR. WILLKIE Priesthood and Scouting. In 1931, at

Presidency since 1907 and secretary- /allers at the Church Office Buildthe same time he was appointed field treasurer of the Church Board of Edu- * ing during their Pioneer Day visit representative of the Presiding Bishcation since 1902. to Salt Lake City were Mr. and Mrs. opric for the Aaronic Priesthood CorWendell L. Willkie. They were rerelation {now Extension) Plan, Elder

field representative Giles made was ceived Grant and by President Heber J.

the assigned to A. and Y. M. M. I. his counselors, Clark, Jr., of J. Reuben and David O. McKay. Together they the Scout, Explorer, and M Men prospent some time discussing topics of grams. In 1937 he was made field sureligious and general import and in pervisor of these programs for the Y.

viewing the interior of President M. M. I. A. He edits the Aaronic

Grant's office. Priesthood and Ward Teaching dePresident and Sister Grant were partments appearing monthly in The

guests at the luncheon sponsored by the Improvement Era and is executive secChamber of Commerce in honor of retary of the Utah Pioneer Trails and the presidential candidate. "I am flatLandmarks Association.

tered of at the presence President and DEATH TAKES BELOVED Willkie. Mrs. Grant,"said Mr. HAWAIIAN MEMBER

JOHN D. GILES GIVEN r\Avm Keola Kailimai, 67, native SPECIAL leader nearly and for half a cenNATIONAL *"*f SCOUT COMMISSION Photo Courtesy Deseret News. figure tury a familiar to missionaries

ARTHUR WINTER AT HIS DESK "\17ith twentyseven years of conand Saints in Hawaii, died June 26 at vv tinuous service in Scouting al- a Hilo hospital. Elders of the HawaiDuring his fiftyseven years'activity

in the Church office, which began four ready behind him, John D. Giles, field ian Mission, whom he had often asmonths after his arrival in Utah from his secretary for the Young Men's Musisted, furnished blood for three transnative England in 1883, Elder Winter fusions in an attempt to save his life.

served under five Church presidents Characterized as "a man without

John Taylor, Wilford Woodruff, guile,"Brother Kailimai, a member of

Lorenzo Snow, Joseph F. Smith, and the Church since July 2, 1883, had

rendered service valuable to the Grant. long His experienceHeber

Church: filled several shortterm misaffairs, in judgmentand keenJ. Church

with which he was thoroughly acquaintsions to various islands in the Hawaiian ed and which he could always be JOHN D. GILES group; acted as counselor and adviser

trusted to keep in strict confidence, to many district presidents; and premade of him a valuable associate and sided successively over the Aleamai,

counselor to leading Church officials. Kukuau, and Keaukaha branches.

Kindly and helpful to his coworkers, (Continued on page 542) he performed many personal services unobtrusively. Reserved in nature, he

disliked personal praise and publicity.

tual Association, been has Improvement

Elder operated the Winter first typefield appointed special national comwriter used and the first telephone at missioner, the B. S. A., charged with

headquarters.Church became He all supervision units of of the Boy in reporter this in 1887, caChurch

affiliated Scouts of are America which visitingpacity in stake every the the with appointChurch. The new

all recording serChurch and Sunday the Elder ment Giles fourth such makes for and conferencesmons Church roving national commissioner: Scout

until years,twenty 1907, suche when field commissioners been have named chiefceeded clerk. as Jack James for the Catholic, combined Jewish, and

In 1930, in company with his lifeProtestant groups in the United Siates.

long friend, former Bishop John Wells, Since August 5, 1913, just three he filled a special mission to Europe months after the M. I. A. became afunder the presidency of John A. Widtfiliated with the National Council of

soe. He has held many positions in his the Boy Scouts of America, Commisward and stake, serving as president of sioner Giles has served successively

the High Priests'quorum of Ensign as scoutmaster, district commissioner,

Stake. district chairman, chairman of the Salt

Two wives preceded Elder Winter Lake Council's committees on educain tional death survives him. organization and another publicity and DAVID and He KEOLA HIS KAILIMAI AND

inLAW, KAILIABIGAIL inmarried 1885. extension, a Hannah Bytheway member of and as HILo, OF the DAUGHTEhMAI, HAWAII. ISLAND died in 1923. InShe married adIn leadership 1925 he training committee. TAKEN / PHOTO TEMPLE. UIEOF

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1940

time canned, of canning to be Salt of the City Lake as a member ofThe Church Moves On expectedoperations, quantity each of comboard of education as a and member (Continued [com page 541) modity, equipment to carry on canning the Y. M. M. I. A. General Board.

operations, place where these operaPresident Richards filled a mission

He married Maka Puhu on Novemtions will be conducted, desired date in Great Britain from 1916 to 1919 ber 13, 1901. They traveled to Utah for Sister Hardy's visit. while his father presided over the

in 1913 and received their endowments European Mission. He has served as

in the Salt Lake Temple. (Reported MEMBERS OF TEMPLE Ensign Stake Sunday School superinby Roscoe C. Cox, President of the PRESIDENCY NAMED tendent and as counselor in the Eighth

Hawaiian Mission.) TO HEAD MISSIONS Ward bishopric. He acted as custodian

in Salt the records of temple Lake SERVICESCHURCHWIDE to 1937, archives 1931 Temple from PIONEERHONOR DAY '"pwowhomnewhavemissionbeenpresidents,serving asbothcounof of the he made a member was when

Cpecial programs in wards and stakes selors to President Stephen L. Chipman temple presidency. throughout the Church, a commemof the Salt Lake Temple, have been

orative Sunday evening service in the REFUGEE CHILDREN

Salt Lake Tabernacle, and a ChurchSEEK L. D. S. HOMES

ofthe-Air address to the nation by a Inquiries are coming to Relief Society member of the Council of the Twelve * headquarters alike from L. D. S.

were among Latterday Saint observfamilies in Great Britain anxious to ances marking the coming of the first have their children brought to safety pioneers to the Salt Lake Valley on in this country, and from L. D. S. famJuly 24, 1847. ilies throughout the western states willSpiritual emphasis was given the ing to care for children evacuated from

celebration on Sunday, July 21, in disEurope. Requests indicate the L. D. S.

tinctive programs in Sacrament meetparents want their children placed in ing and appropriate activities in Sunthe homes of Church members in the day School. United States if and when the young

Calling attention to the achievement refugees can be evacuated.

of the Mormon Pioneers as "A Victory The United States children's bureau of Peace,"Elder Charles A. Callis of is working with the immigration servthe Council of the Twelve on Sunday ice to provide speedy clearance for

morning, July 21, spoke to a nationegress of child refugees into this counwide audience on Columbia's Church try, and both units are cooperating of the Air, sketching the historical acwith the U. S. Committee for the Care

complishments of the early Saints, outof European Children, Inc. The latter

lining the doctrinal beliefs which made organization is establishing state comthem possible, and closing with a plea mittees to supervise caring for the chilfor loyalty to country. He emphasized dren locally. Actual placement of

divine belief in the Saint Latterdaythe of Constitutioninspiration of the the DAVIDPRESTONA. BROADBENTNIBLEY GEO.NICHOLASF. RICHARDS,G. SMITHJR. organizationchildren in familieslegallymustlicensedbe donefor bysuchan

United States. work. Placements will be made only

Under the auspices of the First Presrecently appointed, to assume their after considerable investigation, and idency, a onehour service was connew positions on or after September it is a rule that children of one religious ducted in the Salt Lake Tabernacle 30th. faith will be placed in families of the

Sunday evening, featuring singing of Nicholas G. Smith, first counselor in same faith.

pioneer songs by the Tabernacle Choir the temple presidency and twice before The Relief Society is one of the orand an address by Elder Bryant S. a mission president, will succeed Presganizations licensed to place children.

Hinckley, "Shall This Generation Be ton Nibley as head of the NorthwesternInheritors Only?"The meeting, atStates Mission with headquarters in GLENDALE WARD DIVIDED

tended by upward of three thousand Portland, Oregon. INTO EAST, WEST

people, was directed by Elder George George F. Richards, Jr., second "P\iviDED for the second time since its

Albert Smith of the Council of the counselor in the temple presidency and organization, the Glendale Ward

Twelve, who was introduced to the son of Elder George F. Richards of the of the San Fernando Stake was reTabernacle audience and listeners Council of the Twelve, will preside organized July 21 into the East Glenover radio station KSL by Elder Richover the North Central States Mission, dale and West Glendale wards with

ard L. Evans of the First Council of succeeding David A. Broadbent. Misrespective populations of 750 and 587

Seventy. The invocation was prosion headquarters are in Minneapolis, members.

nounced by Elder John H. Taylor and Minnesota. J. Walter Lowe was installed as

the benediction by Elder S. O. Bennion, Both new mission leaders have debishop of the East Glendale Ward, reboth members of the First Council of voted most of their lives to Church placing Dr. William B. Walker of the

Seventy. work. President Smith served a first original Glendale Ward. Named bishCANNING SCHOOL GOES missionand devotedto Hollandeight years,from 1902from to19131905,to A.op Williams.of the West Glendale was Sidney

INTO STAKES 1921, as president of the South African

A N outgrowth of the intensive course Mission. On his return from South SARAH ANN JENKINS*"* in canning conducted recently at Africa, he was made bishop of the CANNON PASSES

the Bishop's Central Storehouse, a Seventeenth Ward, Salt Lake Stake. Carah Ann Jenkins Cannon, widcanning school under the direction of He was acting Presiding Patriarch to ow of Abraham H. Cannon, late

Hazel Hardy will be carried on in the the Church from 1932 to 1934, when member of the Council of the Twelve, stakes of the Church operating canning he was called to preside over the Calidied in Salt Lake at the age of eighty.

centers in the Church Welfare Profornia Mission. Prior to his release She was a former member of the Piogram. from that position in 1937, he was made neer Stake Relief Society Board and

Stakes are urged to correspond imcounselor in the temple presidency. His Sunday School General Board. Surmediately with the General Church wife, Florence Gay Smith, has been viving are a son, George J. Cannon,

Welfare Committee, supplying the folmatron in the temple for the past three and a daughter, Mrs. Elizabeth

lowing information: *&e commodities years. President Smith has also served Giauque.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1940

in worker, president 1910 was made of the then created newly Carbon The Church Moves On NEWMISSIONEASTERNHEAD NAMEDSTATES

MEMBERS ADVISED ON /*"* ustave A. Iverson, for some years Stake, and after coming to Salt Lake

for several 1914, served a years as TEMPLE EMPLOYMENT assistant to the United in special of the high Ensign member Stake general attorney in Washington, presidents of stakes, and States "Dishops, council.

agencies of the Church Welfare D. C, has been appointed to succeed

Plan, as well as all Priesthood quorums WARD, BRANCH, STAKE and the members of the Church in CHANGES to note the provisions are general urged for of the employment plan on the President David R. Langlois of the

released has Stake Burley been constructed being at Idaho temple his Falls along counselors, with O. Horace in this official statement as they appear

Hall O. H. Jacobs. and Theron Robert

With the announcement of the Church Hatch has been appointed new stake in Idaho to constructed that temple be a was president with and D. James Hoggan

inquiries Falls, repeated there have come as counselors. Nielson H. Adonis the to as the of parts various Church from

St. three of the a division Through obtained possibility being of employment

there during the time of this construction. George wards, the Center Ward, St.

All labor, other than supervisory, will George Stake, has been created with be obtained by the contractor, as far as posByron H. Taylor as bishop.

sible through the regional employment ofFRANK EVANS GU STAVE IVERSON Made independent branches are the in Falls connection at fice established Idaho Stake, Oceanside Branch, York New the of as President head Frank Evans the AssignPlan. Welfare with Church formerly dependent on Queens Ward, Mission. States Elder Eastern Evans construction the laborers in of temple ments Blaine Branch, Valley and the Sun diin will the years regional three the past spent be has work by made his Stake, Hailey dependent formerly on will reFalls, in turn at rector Idaho who position.

quest the required laborers from stake and Born at Drobak, Norway, in 1872, Branch.

directors previously have ward work who in President Iverson to Utah came BISHOPS RECEIVE office information to the regional supplied his convert mother. with 1875 They all available concerning from the workmen APPOINTMENTS

three he years in Ephraim. For district. of the temple respective wards As settled

workmen are called for assignments to work attended Brigham Young Academy in "Dishops and presiding Elders reon the temple, they will be required to bring Provo. In 1892, he returned to Norcently called to office include the

from their local bishop and work director way for a twoyear mission, and on following proper certification. his return to Utah, taught school in

in to Stake, request, order therefore, avoid River Garland Bear Ward, We, Manti. V. Olsen He married Mary

that confusion, any Welling. Arthur Charles and succeeds disappointment Wood in 1895.

district the temple of outside Stake, Idaho persons Blackfoot Marvin Rose J.Ward, service reporter as a court After to Stolget are succeeds planning and Robert employment William Harper on D. who

the temple, discuss that possibility with after graduation from the University worthy.

their local welfare officers, who in turn of Michigan in 1907, Elder Iverson Richfield Ward, Blaine Stake, Merle C.

should obtain information from the General practiced law in Price, Utah, served as Sorensen succeeds L. Orlin Johnson.

Church Welfare Committee in Salt Lake state senator from 1910 to 1914, acted Sun Valley Branch, Blaine Stake, Albert

City as to whether or not there is a possias assistant Utah attorney general from S. Aland appointed presiding Elder.

bility the temple Stake, Blaine Francis being employed of on Wendell E. Ward, district 1917, 1914 to judge from as

individuals to project. discourage wish succeeds F. Dixon. John theirWe to 1924, to Hulet in 1927 went and to to of traveling Stake, the expense Idaho 1920 going Clem G. Lyman Ward, Lyman

Falls to secure employment until they first Washington, D. C. Eyre succeeds Amber C. Davidson.

have made proper inquiries as above sugAlways active in Church affairs, CliftonMorenci Branch, Mt. Graham

gested. President Iverson was an early M. I. A. Stake, James C. Matheson succeeds Clarence

Shumway as presiding Elder.

MISSIONARIES LEAVING FOR THE FIELD FROM THE SALT LAKE MISSIONARY HOME, Virden Ward, Mt. Graham Stake, RobARRIVED JULY S, 1940—DEPARTED JULY IB, 1940 ert Mortensen succeeds Junius E. Payne.

Melvin B. Adams, Ralph H. Allen, Aubrey P. Andelin, Raymond F. Angerbauer, Ernest J, Argyle, Willard Oceanside Branch, New York Stake,

A. Aston, Robert W. Aveson, John K. Aydelotte. David D. Paine appointed presiding Elder.

Cornelius Barker, L. F. Brooks, Lewis Briggs, Leonard John F. Jr., Brown, James C. Bell, E. Kenneth H. Falls Branch, Stake, North Idaho Hamer

Brown. C. Paul Brown, James succeeds Taylor Williams George Call, Chandler, L. Campbell, Beth Christensen, Christensen, C. Samuel P. Grant Ortho Don Vaughn M.

Christensen, George L. Clements, Grant E. Condie, Lyman F. Crook. H. Hansen as presiding Elder.

Dansie, DeGraff, Rohert R. Jay Marion J. DeWitt, Sydney Edman. Sixteenth Riverside L. Stake, Ward,

Fenn, F. Lottie Fish, Fluckiger, Alward J. R. Freestone, Melvin Lavard Gardner, Fry, S. C. Alta Ruth succeeds Charles G. DeVon Mecham L. Garff, Marjorie Afton Grow. M.

Wright. Fred Hadlock, Ferry Harding, B. Harrison, Daniel L. Hatch, Heaton, C. L. Holley, William Dora W. Lloyd W.

L. Jr., Huish, Alfred Florian Hunt. Houston, Bertha Wallace Hood, M. Thirtyfourth Riverside Stake, Ward,

Jarvis, Israelson, Jr. Jensen, A. Johnson, Melvin Orson John H. Jolley, Mary Verda H. Jr., succeeds S. Burton J. Winter,

Lillian Keller, Merrill Linford, Jr., R. Koch, LeBaron, S. John Jesse D. A. E. Long, Jay L. Love. Charles Alma

Richard W. Madsen, Emil A. F. Malmberg, Jr., Harvey W. Mann, Merrill W. Maxfield, Eldon McArthur, Newman.

Jay P. Merkley, Max R. Miller, Keith D. Miller, Stanley A. Moore. Roseville Ward, Sacramento Stake,

Nielson, L. C. Vernon B. Patterson, Ernest Robinson, Martin Byron J Reid, Post, Heber Robison, Beulah Samuel released as bishop. D. Sandusky

K. Russell. John

St. George Stake, East Ward, St. George Shreeve, R. A. George Thomas Stevens, N. Stevens, Franklin D. Stewart, Lenore Smith, John E. Francis

Stratford, Marvin V. Stratton, Lund C. Stucki, Rihodal M. Stucki, Robert H. Sylvester. Wilford Schmutz, succeeds Arthur K.

E. Tanner, David Taylor, L. E. Terry, Taylor, D. Hal L. Marvin Norman Terry, Rex Elsie M. Torgerson. Hafen.

Udall, Addison Paul D. Reed H. Walsh, Warner, Glen M. VanLimburg, Wade, Mont Grace Walz, Howard K. Bountiful First Ward, South Davis J. Wellman, William Louis A. West, Whitaker, Wing. Meva M.

Stake, George E. Taylor succeeds Dell

R. Holbrook.

Richvale Branch, Teton Stake, Arthur

Caldwell succeeds Albert Gilbert.

Vernal Second Ward, Uintah Stake,

Bishop John Hair, Jr., died. First counselor, Charles S. Carter, is acting.trjmi. Evanston Second Ward, Woodruff

Stake, Wilford M. Price succeeds William

H. Bennett.

Baltimore Branch, Washington Stake,

Juan J. Lynn appointed presiding Elder.

Fairview Ward, Washington Stake, John

A. Nielson appointed bishop.

(Continued on page 573) fcdii&iiaL In a few hours, perhaps, or at most in a few days, you will realize with the force of a revelation what

Distinguishing Between "Stake"Missionit is that disturbs the tranquility of life. You will

ary Work and "Home"Missionary Work find that you have no quarrel with nature, that you cherish all its moods in their times and seasons.

HPhis statement is intended to clarify misAnd if you keep your isolation you will care less understanding which seems to have arisen and know still less what is going on in far places pertaining to the difference between the Stake and you will quickly realize that the troubles of the

Mission work and the Home Mission work world are made by man, circulated by man, exagof the Church. gerated by man, and given epidemic force by man.

Such a quiet sojourn into temporary retreat leads

The Stake Mission is organized after the us to the conclusion that if we could only live complan of missionary work abroad, having in patibly with our own kind, all other problems would each stake a mission president, district presisolve themselves in due course. And the conquest

dents, and a corps of missionaries who are of nature, and the wresting of secrets from the uncalled stake missionaries, and who preach the known would give ample outlet for our conquering

Gospel from door to door, and by various instincts and surplus energies without playing a other means, as though they were in mission perennial game of seizure from man to man or nafields away from home. tion to nation.

The Home Mission in the stakes consists quietlySuch awayare thefromthoughtsthe disorderedthat come sceneswhen oneof thesegoes of a number of faithful representative men and times. Of course, if one has a troubled conscience,

women of the stake, usually members of the conscience goes with him. Nor is the tonic one of

High Council, returned missionaries from permanent cure. We cannot long remain hermits.

abroad, released stake missionaries, or others We must come back to face the issues of life. But

whom the stake presidency may call to that at least a temporary retreat from the din of the day service. These missionaries are usually sehelps us to find ourselves and renew a right spirit

lected at the beginning of the year by the within us, and we can say, fervently, as the Lord: "If ye have stake presidency and sustained in a stake said through the Prophet Joseph Smith Priesthood meeting or at a stake conference. slept in peace blessed are you."(D. & C. 45:46)—

These home missionaries, according to the R. L. E.

appointment of the stake presidency, are to visit the Sunday meetings in the wards as Ovsudonstfu preachers of the Gospel. One Sunday each C\o words captivate you with their intensity and

month is set apart in the wards for this purtheir overtones? There are certain words which

pose, and the ward bishops are informed in set up antennae and intercept countless tunes.

advance when those visits are to be made. Whether words captivate your fancy or not, there

The same Sunday of the month is designated are certain ones which by their very starkness elecfor all the wards of the stake. trify and start endless overtones coursing through

being. your is the simple alone. Such word, a word The Council of the Twelve, there of a fear being must come who live, To all

By Rudger Ctawson, President. alone. What if there were no person to whom we

could talk—in what a desolate place we should

find ourselves, even though the earth should appear as the Garden of Eden! We are so constituted that MdtMoL we need someone to laugh with, to weep with, to

HPhese days of oppressive news and precipitate work with, to fight for, to confide in, to love.

happenings disturb the tranquility and shake If this is true so far as mortal relationships are the confidence of most of us to a greater or less concerned, how much more true it would be if we it comes to eternal questions. extent. Many are distressed; others are merely were left alone when

perplexed; some are acutely fearful. Man does know, deep within himself, that when

As a quieting restorative many have found retreat he is faced with stern realities he receives a strength away from the crowded ways of life these past that sustains and buoys him up in the face of the greatest and the most devastating of sorrows. days and weeks-—on the water, in the forest, to the

high places of the mountains, or wherever choice When, therefore, the word alone starts overtones and convenience have suggested. of terror, remember that we are never alone. There

At such times it is well to forget that newspapers is a Supreme Being whose love goes out to us, whose are published. Shun the screaming of the headinspiration comes to us, whose plans for our eternal

lines. Ignore the pulse of the stock market. Forget wellbeing are uppermost in His infinite mind.

for the moment that this marvelous and disturbing Through His chosen prophets on earth, He has thing called "radio"devotes time to the world's revealed truth for our comfort and progression. If

news. Avoid the man who looks as if he is burstwe but avail ourselves of this truth, we will rest

ing to tell you the latest catastrophe. Literally secure in the knowledge that we can never be alone

sever contact with the throb of the more or less so long as we attach ourselves to God's cause and civilized world. obey His commandments. M. C. ].

spired knowledge of the truth of the latterday message, and often to wonderful, faithpromotingEvidences and visions of eternity that have been opened to them.

The Church is grateful for the possession of the gift of revelation.

Revelations are given for a twofold purpose:reconciliations to furnish guidance for the Church, and to give

comfort to the individual.

xxjuc. What Shall &l (Djojvl Revelations for the guidance of the Church are

given to officers of the Church, but only within the

U)iHfL (p&A&wuzL SfdhiiuaL limits of their official jurisdiction. Thus, lay memTnami&MiofiA.? revelationsbers of theforChurchthe guidancecannotof andany Churchdo not organireceive

zation, for themselves. but only a bishop has The that does reveal the doctrine and Lord"The may inspiration divine claim direction for the of upon

is cornerstone of the will earth a His on to men spirit affairs, further. of revelabut no ward The of restoration Saints. faith of the Latterday The official his tion directs in stake president stake the

the Gospel in these latter days was initiated by the duties, but no further. The president of the Church

direct appearance of the Father and the Son to alone, who may officiate in all the offices of the

Joseph Smith. Since that time every forward step Church, receives revelations for the Church as a

of the Church has been the result of a revelation whole, to which stake presidents, ward bishops, of the Lord's will by direct appearance of Himself and all other officers of the Church are amenable.

or of other heavenly messengers or by equally This preserves a full and logical order within all direct inspiration from the spirit of the Lord. The Church activities.

revelations from the True come Lord. The—authoritativeChurch has everguidancebeen andfromis nowdivineled sources.by revelation { See evil ever vigilant one, in his destruction, of work

"Evidences and Reconciliations,"The Improvement tries to simulate with an evil purpose every gift

Era, November, 1938, Vol. 41, p. 651.) of God. Therefore, he presents false doctrines

It is a cornerstone of equal importance, that or manmade commandments through the sugob- should of and the Church every may member evil spirits gestions of evilminded or men. To truth the latterof the tain of personal testimony a protect Saints, the the maintain truth within and to

day work. He must not rest his final convictions Church, the power of discerning between truth and

others. the of testimony memupon The humblest

seeks properly, the of Church, ifber he may know bishoperror is forgivenhis toward,the officersthe stakeof thepresidentChurch.forThehis

full is true. that assurance the Gospelwith None stake, president the of and the whole the Church for

he. to secure it better than However,need know this have Church given gift of discernment them. of firm assurancesuch he must receive knowledge Note the clear, beautiful words of the Lord upon truth; that is, Author of the it from he must be this subject:

guided by the spirit of revelation. The conclusion

is clear: Every member of the Church of Christ And unto the bishop of the Church, and unto such as

may be guided by inspiration from the Lord in the God shall appoint and ordain to watch over the Church, and to elders it the be Church, unto are to given unto have them life. affairs of his own

all gifts to discern lest those there shall be any among you is doctrine This.. beautifully set forth in several of professing yet not it of and be God. unto. That some may

the foundation revelations given to the Prophet be given to have all those gifts, that there may be a head,

Joseph Smith. in order that every member may be profited thereby.

For example:

By this power and in this order evil inspirations giveth light Spirit to that into every Cometh The man the within rejected. are recognized the Church and Spirit the enlightenethworld; through and the every man

{ This revelation given organization before the was Spirit.world, to that the the of voice hearkeneth ( Doc. and

Cov. 84:46.) of the First Presidency and the calling of the

On another occasion the Lord said to the Church: TwelveChurch wasApostles.called theAt Firstthis timeElder.)the head of the

Ye are commanded in all things to ask of God, who giveth Revelations of divine manifestations for the comliberally; testifies spirit that the unto so and which even you fort of individuals received worthy by every may be

I.. that holiness in all of heart should would ye do all faithful In of the Church. that respect. member

... gifts, inseek the best retain ye earnestly always and

your minds what those gifts are, that are given unto the members of the Church are equal. Such maniChurch. To some is given one, and to some is given another, festations most commonly guide the recipients to

that all may be profited thereby.,.. He that asketh in the the solution of personal problems; though, freSpirit asketh according the will to wherefore of God; it is quently, they open the mind to a clearer compredone, as he asketh. even (Doc. 46:7, 8, 10, 12, 30.) and Cov.

hension of the Lord's vast plan of salvation. They

Apparently every person has a gift, according to are cherished possessions, and should be so valued, his needs or the service he may render. of those who receive them. In their very nature

The history of the Church is replete with evithey are sacred and should be so treated. If a

dence of the guidance of the Church as a whole and person who has received such a manifestation by of every faithful member by the Spirit and power dream, vision, or otherwise, feels impressed to of revelation. Those who have stood at the head relate it beyond his immediate family circle, he

of the Church stand out in bold relief as men who should present it to his bishop, but not beyond.

have done work beyond human power. The mulThe bishop, then, may decide upon its further use,

titude of Church members bear witness to an inif any, or may submit it (Concluded on page 575)

On. (BddJl dlaxJc JJul OF THE WEST Martin Johnson becomes an experience for cleverly spotted with line drawings. MoreHEART THROBS

(Kate B. Carter. Published by the all who pick up the book. It is an ideal over, the book is indexed, which makes it

Daughters of the Utah Pioneers, Salt kind of family book because young and an invaluable volume to have in the home.

Lake City, Utah, 1939. 358 pages.) old will find a common interest in the exMrs. Ripperger is thoroughly qualified

ploits of these intrepid explorers. to undertake work of this kind for she has

the of of Chanute, to the wilds Kansas, committee central kept house From on a Connecticut Man,, farm, in a month the Each the jungles Africa or a hattan of Borneo apartment, seems issues Pioneers and in a Brooklyn home. of the Utah Daughters

a pamphlet to guide the study of the numerfar cry, but to the Johnsons it was merely Her current articles on "Tips to the Teens,"ous camps situated in Idaho, Oregon, Utah, a matter of deciding to go and they were appearing in Good Housekeeping have won

Colorado, Wyoming, Nebraska, New York, off, not, however, before planning carefully wide acclaim. Latterday Saints particuArizona, California, Nevada, The District that they might not be inadequately prelarly were pleased with one titled, "Some

of Columbia, as well as in Hawaii and pared for their sojourns. Over practically People Don't Drink."—M. C. /.

Canada. all of the world, these two went adventurSo valuable was the information appearing, returning home with pictures and EXPERIENCES IN SPEAKING

ing in these studies, Mrs. Carter was imstories to tell that amazed stayat-homes and (Howard F. Seely and William A.

pressed with the necessity of making it broadened their horizons. Hackett. Scott and Foresman Company,

available in permanent form. This book is For a thoroughly engrossing true advenNew York, 1940. 500 pages. $1.72.)

the result. It contains valuable stories and ture story, don't fail to read / Married Adsource material concerning such things as venture.—M. C. /. Tn the Prefatory Letter addressed to

the United Order, Handcart Pioneers of * "Fellow Teachers of Speech,"the auUtah, Indian Women of the West, Enter- A HOME OF YOUR OWN AND thors state that they have recognized "the tainments, in addition to many other vital HOW TO RUN IT significant part oral expression plays in subjects. (Henrietta Ripperger. Simon and the everyday life of a democracy."Since

Of particular import is the final chapter Schuster, New York, 1940. speech is at one and the same time physiof the book: The Value of Writing and 426 pages. $2.49.) ological, intellectual, and emotional, they

Preserving Pioneer History. The message have tried to integrate it with the whole

is an insistent one that all should heed. "E'ureka,"we can imagine brides, husof life, in order to help people become

This book is a valuable addition to the "bandsto-be, and sedate married folk adjusted, happy, normal beings.

pioneering history of this country.- M. C. /. all shouting over this volume, for it has an In sixteen chapters and some appendices

unbelievable amount of needed informathe authors have treated the entire field of

I MARRIED ADVENTURE tion, written in Mrs. Ripperger 's refreshing speaking, from the "dayby-day"variety of

(Osa Johnson. Illustrated. Lippincott manner. Such details as "what to do beconversation, story telling, and class discusCompany, Philadelphia, 1940. fore the painter comes"share honors along sion, to the formal speech and play. In ad371 pages. $3.50.) with "tips on buying food,"as well as dition to the exposition of ideas, the authors

innumerable other subjects which even a have included innumerable projects which

Readable as a novel, thrilling as a first tried and true housewife will find decidedly will help develop speechconsciousness.

class detective story, unbelievable as helpful. Directors of speech in the M. I. A. will

the Thousand and One Nights, this advenThe book is divided into five parts with find this a particularly helpful volume. ture story dealing with the lives of Osa and fortyseven chapters, and an appendix, all—M. C. J.

IMPORTANT CHURCH LITERATURE Which Should Be In Every Home Library

M. I. A. READING COURSE BOOKS PRIESTHOOD LESSON BOOKS

Executives Unto the Hills $1.50 Priesthood and Church Government—By Richard L. Evans By Dr. John A. Widtsoe

1.50 Special $ Price—Charge

$1.35 With Order Special Interest Groups Unto the Hills $1.50 Cash

By Richard L. Evans Priesthood and Church Welfare.50

Special Interest Groups One Who Was Valiant $3.00 Supplementary Reading Material for Members of

By Clarissa Young Spencer and Mabel Harmer Priesthood Quorums:

$2.50 F. Smith of the Apostles With Life of Joseph Acts and Four Gospels M Men Joseph Fielding Smith By the articles in Era Coordinated

$2.00 Prophet Joseph Smith of the Apostles With Teachings of the Acts Gospels and Four Gleaners

Fielding Smith Joseph By articles in the Era Coordinated

Explorers* (Supplemental Reading SelectedMaterial: BookBook ofof MormonMormon, PostpaidStories Key to Theology (NewBy ParleyEdition)P. Pratt $1.00

60c, Voice From The Dust, $2.50, By Genet Bingham Dee) Lesser Priesthood and Notes on Church GovernJuniors L Hello Life $ 1.50 ment $ 1.00

By Elsie Talmage Brandley By Joseph B. Keeler

Scouts Monarch, the Big Bear $1.50 The Gospel.. $1.00

By Ernest Thompson Seton By B. H. Roberts

BeeHive Singing Tree $2.00 Distinctive Features of Mormonism 35

By Kate Seredy By Bryant S. Hinckley

DESERET BOOK COMPANY BOOK HEADQUARTERS 44 East South Temple Salt Lake City. Utah

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1940 \\BRIGHAM YOUNG"thetyred.jail where the Prophet was mar-

{Concluded from page 533) Two miles of Latterday Saint you mean?"he asked. "I told you homes, built for $20,000.00 at the

to eat the licorice."Agoura Ranch in Picture City, and

Dickie, the spokesman, returned: interior sets at another $20,000.00

"Ann and I talked things over, and were additional costs.

decided we wouldn't fake. Tyrone Difficulties were encountered by

Power doesn't. When you wanted the location troupe in trying to scale

a double to ride for him the other the treacherous 12,000feet-high day, he said no siree, he'd do his slopes of icy Mt. Whitney for the

own riding."scenes representing the Saints crossMany liberties have been taken ing the Rocky Mountains. In

with history, among them the followplaces the one hundred fiftyfour ing: Although Brigham Young was covered wagons used in the canyon

absent in the East at the time of the scenes had to be lifted up and set martyrdom of the Prophet Joseph in place by block and tackle. The

Smith, the movie version has the hundred and twentyfour head of former defending the latter just prior oxen, imported from Sinaloa, Mexto his incarceration. Dean Jagger, VINCENT PRICE AS THE PROPHET JOSEPH SMITH ico, were discovered to be familiar

as Brigham Young, delivers an adonly with Spanish, and had to be dress that not only adds dramatic Council Bluffs, Iowa, rose next rebroken to work to commands in heights to the picture, but also adds door to Salt Lake City, Utah, at a English.

tricks, also weather played The depth to the characterand power cost of $15,000.00, included and the snow mountains ization on when of Brigham Young. stockades trading post. and a

script called for A givingthe grass, green and replica Bridger, of Fort Wyoming, in a temperature the of 109 shade takes Mormon who A reallife cost the Mississippi $40,000.00;

part but does not appear in the River, over which the Saints fled in when snow was needed for the sequences. Sugar Creek Boob is picture A Harbertson, Elder Len terror after the Carthage had mob in contraption night one McNutt of formerly hired the Ogden, by set fire which to Nauvoo, and for defrosted snow; the unwanted and for a studio as standin Dean Jagfilm purposes flowed distance for a with the towels prop wiped men ger. feet, city of 500 blocks two was wide off perspiration the of wilting faces their In trek, worldfamous acsix feet and $25,- deep—another pioneers blazhuddled a around who film to version, the cording the Mor000.00. of top river the The was fire in ing the sun, cooled noonday in prairie pioneers traveledmon 3,000 frozen the machine by which makes iceand-glycerin then and by now schooners along took and 30,000 ice for the pictures. Sonja Henie flakes of "reel"promptly which snow cattle, mules, horses sheep. and They Illinois, and Carthage, Nauvoo at touch. melted covered 1,384 measured rose miles—as the studio in on backiot Beverly colthus great America's has And Clayton's William roadometerby Hills, side, side to the by of tune onizer prophetleader, Brigham and said to the forerunner our of be $40,000.00. included BrigNauvoo the screen nearly to a Young, come present of many speedometer—and ham Young's home, the Nauvoo after of those the beginning century disthe entire the walked women Temple, places other and of his Church that achievements have made since their tance piled wagons were

high with furniture and other poshistory interest. Carthage included name live.

sessions. trips time the location By the F. ZANUCK'S were DARRYL finished, prairie the studio schooners Productionhad covered 2,400 miles, or almost of

twice the ground that the 20,000 pio- 4 neers had. The studio moved the

covered wagons from place to place, trailer fashion, behind a fleet of fifty iBRIGHAM j?

trucks.

Where the money went is partly explained when we are told that halfa million dollars was spent on sets WRITTENYOUNGFOR THE SCREEN BY alone, including the reconstruction LOUIS BROMFIELD of Nauvoo, Carthage, Council Bluffs, With

Fort Bridger, and the Salt Lake TYRONE LINDA DEAN

City erected of 1847, Pine, at Lone

California. single biggest The item POWER DARNELL (AsJAGGER"Brigham Young")

in the budget was $85,000.00 for AND A CAST OF THOUSANDS

early Salt Lake City, which included NOW AT POPULAR PRICES!

fiftyfive buildings spread over (CONTINUOUS RUN) twenty acres of ground, complete even to streets and gutters. Brigham Young's home, the old TaberCENTREBroadway AirTHEATREFree Bargain

nacle, and other historic buildings At State Conditioned Parking Mat. 'Til 2 p. m.

were duplicated from old sketches.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1940

JCoimn CANNING CORN CAS&KOU MMS the successful canning of corn

INmuch depends upon the careful selection of fresh, juicy corn that has not yet reached the "dough"stage.

Although white corn is usually preferred for canning, any variety may be used.

To test the corn for maturity, stick the fingernail in the kernels. If the

canning. has the reached After corn

it is old for stage too the THRIFTY themilk flows freely the corn is right for "dough"

it is after to harden Corn continues way tn a canning.

stalk the sugar and from the removed content decreases rapidly; because of

If Man's Heart! thissoonit asis importantpossible afterto cangathering.the corn as

the corn is allowed to stand for several hours or over night, canning is more to want save food allowon your money difficult. IF yet serve delicious, nourishing ance—andyou is canning begun, the work Once acquainted meals—get with GLOBE It corn. pre- "Al"rapidly the be with may Macaroni, Spaghetti to Noodles. and Plan serve

first the cut from or cob cooked on at least casserole one meal week. a

the cob. Many feel that the preferable

The extra richness and nourishment in Globe way of canning is cutting the corn from "Al"Spaghetti, Macaroni and Noodles make the cob before precooking. This alyour casserole dishes more tasty, more satisfylows the corn to be packed into the

ing. That's because Globe "Al"paste products jars while it is boiling hot and this of

are 100% Semolina, made from select Durum course aids in processing. In cutting

Wheat. Notice the finer flavor, the firm tenderthe corn from the cob be careful not to

ness of Globe "Al". An exclusive "controlled cut too close to the cob so that husks

drying"process is the secret. Ask your grocer will get into the corn. If a cream corn

—thefor Globebrand"Al"thatSpaghetti,thousandsMacaroniof womenandhaveNoodlesfound isshoulddesired,be cutonlyofftheandtoptheoflowerthe kernelspart of

to be the BEST. the kernel removed by gently scraping

Try this easy recipe for thekernelscob.areForcut aclosewholeto thegraincobcornand theno

is done. starchy food which retards TUNA TEMPTER scrapingCorn is a 4 oz. pkg. Globe "Al"medium noodles heat penetration, and because of this

1 can tuna cup water it is important to pack the corn loosely 1 small bag potato chips J4 cup grated cheese in the jar, filling the jar only to within 1 can mushroom soup one inch of the top with the corn, and

Cook noodles in boiling salted water until tenone-half inch of the top with boiling der; drain and blanch. Place noodles in -wellwater. This allows a good proportion

oiled baking dish. Crush potato chips rather fine of liquid to solid material.

and sprinkle 1/3 over noodles. Rinse tuna in Do not allow the jars of corn to stand

boiling water; drain and flake. Place on noodles after they are packed, but get them

and potato chips and sprinkle with half the reinto the cooker and start processing as maining chips. Add water to soup, heat thorsoon as possible. Follow a reliable

oughly and pour over the other ingredients, betimetable closely. As soon as processing sure that it penetrates the mixture. Sprinkle ing is complete set the jars of corn out

with rest of potato chips and cheese. Bake in of a draft, but where they will cool as

moderate oven (350) about 20 minutes, or until rapidly as possible.

thoroughly heated and cheese By observing the above precautions [AjMACAaoNifa-1 is melted.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1940

and closely following the recipe below, corn may be successfully canned.

soothingly soft Corn The rare tang... yet strong!

fresh corn absolutely only Use that of cut from juicy. Husk, is tender and

cob, place in pan with just enough boiling water to cover. Precook three

to five minutes. Pack loosely in clean

jars to one inch of top with corn, and fill with boiling water to within onehalf inch of top. Add onehalf teaspoon salt and onehalf teaspoon sugar

if desired to each quart jar. Wipe

glass sealing surface clean; put on lid

and screw band firmly tight. Process in

pressure cooker eighty minutes at ten

Absolutely safe from a pounds, or in water bath 210 minutes, or in oven 240 minutes at 250 degrees. health standpoint—absorbent and cleansing. is in the honey that flavors

Extremely soft yet

... absolutely strong CORNER THE COOK'S HONEY BEE GRAHAMS injurious imfree from Burnett Badger By Barbara

purities.

Stuffed Flank Steak

steak cups soft bread crumbs cup diced celery cup chopped onion tablespoons melted butter salt and rubbed sage to taste

Pound the steak well with flour. Mix the

rest of the ingredients and spread on steak.

Roll up and tie with string to hold shape.

Brown on top of stove, then place in a that blooms flower is a rare Chaparral roaster water. covered with Cook % CUP

mountain*. high on the is tender in a hours) to 3 (2 until meat in midsummer,

slow oven. Serve with a sauce made from The bees love it.. and produce a

the juice in the roaster. Mushrooms may honey of exquisite flavor that is used by

be added if desired. Purity in the sweetening of their choice

Baked TunaStuffed Tomatoes Honeyflavor ofBeeChaparralGrahams.honey,Fortunately,unlike otherthe

4 tomatoes kinds, is not changed or lessened by oven 1 can grated tuna heat. It's all there.. in the rich, crunchy

34 cup celery brown cracker that comes to your grocer 1 teaspoon chopped onion fresh from the great Purity ovens in 2 tablespoons chopped green pepper Salt Lake.

Y$ cup salad dressing salt and pepper to taste Cut a slice from top of tomatoes and School -Day Offer! 350 -Page

cut out the center. Sprinkle with salt and

turn upside down to drain. Mix the rest Modern Webster Dictionary

of pile the ingredients into and tomato printed picture of "Boy"10c plus for only shells. in Place small baking with pan Bee Grahams! inside of Honey box on flap of at water amount and degrees bake 400

inch). desksize volume (5Vx734 until or 20 minutes, tomatoes are cooked Big A GREAT for

- 'pesseBSSSwa through. Serve thousauce. cheese with Defines IMPROVEMENT sands of words.. -

Made with the Cellstof patentCheese Sauce cover of genuine moroccoFabcote.

1 tablespoon butter sued combines process which look to grained 1 flour tablespoon inper-softness with comfort, leather. like evaporated milk cup visibility ano solely Offered cheese package }/2Y2 to "<; I'M?/; $ procomplete try to you induce salt taste to

tection. delicious Honey

the butter, flour, the Melt Grahams! Bee add and gradSold drugby stir in ually the milk. the cheese and Add gists, grocers season. BISCUIT CO., PURITTf department and Utah. City. Salt Lake

in stores the M. find picture plus Enclosed CheeseStuffed Peaches box. D. sanitary Grahams.ol "Boy"Pleasefrom oox Bee inside ol Honey10c

1 2 for 15 cents. Dip fresh peach halves in French dresssend Modern Webster Dictionary postpaid.

ing. Fill generously with cottage cheese. Name stick Address a toothpick through a cherry and

together. to hold SANITARY PutPutthroughtwo halves together on a lettuce leaf. the peaches them

Garnish with mint. City State U NAPKINS (Concluded on page 567}

CONDUCTED BY THE MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD COMMITTEE OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH, CHAIRMAN; JOHN A. WIDTSOE, JOSEPH F. MERRILL, AND SYLVESTER Q. CANNON

A SUMMER PRIESTHOOD I used to smoke two or more packages livestock that are grown in any one

I of cigarets day. each morning, found One Diversification, year. therefore, is an PROGRAM

if this just myself wondering possibly might insurance that can well be given the months summer when Touring to something keeping have with do up my thoughtful consideration. are inclined people of our many throat. I quit sore In tobacco. using any

to spend a great deal of time outof- a few days my sore throat had stopped 3. Lower production costs by predoors (neglecting their Church meetbothering me, and I have had none of it planning the farming program, by

ings), and in agricultural areas where for four months; and I feel better in every budgeting the income, and by recordit is felt that every hour in the summer way. keeping. One who puts this type of

is needed to produce a better harvest, business enterprise into his program it becomes necessary for the PriestAngina Pectoris and will be more sure of being able to meet hood leaders of the stake to find special Tobacco Smoking his obligations on the farm. It may

attractions that will hold the interest of "Qrs. B. J. Birk and H. H. Huber, in well be said that the pencil is the most

the members and give them a desire to the Wisconsin Medical Journal neglected farm implement we have.

be at their meetings. (Vol. 38:783, 1939) report result of 4. It usually is good practice to prowith Horn Stake, From Big duce quality crops and livestock and head- a study of angina of the pectoris—one in Lovell, quarters comes Wyoming, market them cooperatively. Farmers, of causes death heart sudden from the

a report of their summer program.—-in relation to smoking. generally, could give long and conPresident Boyack writes that the stake According to their paper, many obsistent thought to this type of producpresidency and Priesthood committees servers have found that angina pectoris tion program. During times of scarcity

planned a series of "roundup"meetpatients who smoke are benefited by of production, tfie poorer quality prodings in all the wards and branches. discontinuing use of tobacco. Their ucts will average nearer the price of

Under their assignments they perattacks occur less frequently or even the better products, but during times of sonally contacted 1,000 members of cease entirely. flushed seasons when there is a high

the Priesthood in the stake, traveled In three cases reported by them, quantity of production, the better qualapproximately a thousand miles to meetwhere careful electrocardiographic ity will always sell to a greatly added ings and in several places had the suptracings of heart action were made, and advantage. Until and unless our

port of nearly 100% of the groups and where the diagnosis was definite and farmers learn to cooperate in marketing quorums. sure, they demonstrated that not only their products, yes, and in purchasing

Their program was successful! The did the attacks of angina pectoris cease, their supplies, they will not have the

following quotation from President but the heart tracings returned entirely remunerative income that is justly due

Boyack's letter is most encouraging: to normal after the individuals had them.

Priestthis to as keep a means took We utilize of tobacco. use the stopped of the precious 5. Conserve and One

it is time at -work going ahood when irrigation patients better supply water a to ad- (Condensed woman. was out. difficult the to brethren ally get naturWe in vantage. Digest, Medical In almost Current every community March for feel our well that paid been have we

valleys, there are opin the mountain to 1940, p. 76.) efforts. are goingstrenuous we And

.—portunities the effective of increasing in which the workkeep on with we find

so much joy. water supply by either increasing the

congratulate President Boyack We

Priesthood committees theand of this The Agricultural totalvantagequantitythat whichor utilizingis alreadyto betteravailad- stake, their example and commend it will will come when The time to Advisory Committee able.

It is this leaders.other Priesthood sinful be considered to immoral and

kind of initiative and forethought that {Concluded from page 529) waste water.

builds active Priesthood quorums. with this farming program, if they are 6. Noxious weed control must be

intelligently and adequately handled, tackled in an intelligent way or many

ANTILIQUOR -TOBACCO thereand progressis opportunitythat cannotfor developmentbe had in ploymentof our farmerselsewhere.will haveTheretoisseekno needemIf other this of endeavor. backing problem. from away COLUMN any

will plant seed, Church, farmers clean therefore, recommends they will The

We present here two more items thatdefinitelythose planwho stayto doon athebetterland shouldjob of greathelp combatextent. thisManyweedtimesproblemweedstoarea

submitted by Dr. Oakes: farming. In order to do a better job being planted as rapidly as they are

of farming, being to concontrol be well eradicated measures. it would by Sore Throat KeptWargas

7. in fertility several sider the following points Soil must be maintainedActive by Tobacco connection this problem: with increased instances. and in manyC everal months ago I visited a Denver 1. Learn to live within the income. can be done by a better conservationThis radio shop to have some repairs This requires a definiteness of purpose and utilization of barnyard manure,

made. The owner of the place was a and a long range view of problems that green manure crops, by a proper sysman of perhaps fifty years who said he are vital and are confronting families tem of crop rotation, and by use of comhad been gassed during the first World constantly. mercial fertilizers.

War. Upon learning I was a physi- 2. Plan a diversified livestock sys- 8. It is very essential that the avercian, he proceeded to tell me of his tem which will fit in most cases. A age farmer extract a larger share of the

experience with various doctors in an diversity usually insures a steady family living from the farm. This can

effort to rid himself of a constantly average income above that of specialbest be done by preplanning, by presannoying sore throat which had been ization. Very seldom does it happen ervation, and by conservation of crops

with him ever since his injury. He that all of the lines in the agricultural and livestock and livestock products at

mentioned a number of the best Denver production field are on a low market in the proper season of the year.

physicians in diseases of nose and throat any one year nor is it possible that There are suggestions made in this whom he had consulted without obdiseases and pests of various kinds will article that it would be well for stake taining relief, then said: attack all the diversity of crops and agricultural committees to ponder.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1940

a. To advance work of Church by

Melchizedek Priesthood Outline of Study, October, 1940 seekingservice opportunities for quorum

Text: Priesthood and Church Government b. To have all members render some

( See supplementary readings, problems, and projects below. Churchto the quorumservice beyond that directly

II. Church Service Committee: Duties

a. qualifiShould have knowledge of

1. List of or group memquorum XXVIIILESSON availability cations of and quorum bers Administration: TheQuorum members 2. of keeping WisNumberCommittee Word System

b. Should suggest can members who 12, 157159)(Read Chapter dom pp. service render to bishop: ward ward 3. tithepayers nonand Number internal etc. teaching, of organization: com- I. Plan tithepayers

c. division for acmittee of suggest each Should can main members who 4. unemployed Number

tivity. service to render stake presidency:

5. render of those can who Names

a. etc. stake service, missionary Personal Welfare to service and Church quorum

d. b. Instruction Should suggest Class can members who 6. atto of those unable Names service c. auxiliaries render to Service Church tend meeting

e. d. those for qualified Should discover Social Miscellaneous and 7. of welfare Information on memII. service field the in of system: mission Purpose committee their of bers missions and on

f. faof Should have function having as members become quorum means families

miliar a. officiate with class to ready and A d. contacts personal Should make

in b. ordinance brotherhood work A 1. active the commend To

c. plan variety acShould g. of service unit Church A 2. discourto the strength give To tivities III. membership Committee aged

1. a. excursions Temple of dependent on size Membership 3. desire renewed awaken To 2. services Preaching group indifferent the slothand among

b. or Presidency be members, may HI. Social Miscellaneous and Committee: ful

act supervisory as body Purpose III. Instruction Class Purpose Committee:

c. to secretary appointed Committee be a. conserve individual develop and To a. to teach of Priesthood Obligation

defi- d. to assigned be Every member social and social growth through to Gospel world

nite activity recreational activity and b. to of learn Priesthood Obligation

e. appointed Subcommittees be may b. activities supervise cared not To history doctrine of and Gospel

IV. meetings Committee for other committees by 1. class in In Doctrine Gospel Sun-

a. Regular meeting weekly Social School IV. day and Miscellaneous Committee:

b. of order business Regular 2. In of period Priesthood Duties study

in action Committees V. a. class Should dinners, arrange dances, ex-

a. carefully defined Projects should be c. activof educational cursions, Promotion picnics

secretary recorded and by ities b. Should for provide opportunity

b. of portions Assignments of work Instruction Class talent IV. Duties Committee: expression: musical, dramatic after projects should apbe made a. lesactivity preparation of Concerned with

proved c. present Should information of gen- c. Committee members responsible eral, interest current for sons1. Provide with current members

successful operation of work d. courses of collect Should study called funds when

Problems and projects: 2. Promote educational activities upon

1. "No quorum is fully prepared to func- 3. Foster formation of private lition in the Church unless this organization braries Problems and projects:

(of the four standing committees) is per- 4. Encourage studious attitude 1. It should be the aim of the quorum to

fected."Here is the challenge—and the b. Concerned with attendance at have all of its members render some Church

project for the month: to perfect the comclasses service beyond that required directly by

mittee particular the in organization quoquorum. your Conduct a survey of what

projects: Problems and therum. in members are your doing. quorum

(Perfirst duty of this committee 1. "The 2. activities of the of modern individual Obtain some testimonies Name concerning

sonal Welfare Committee) will be tolife the are properly the of set such concern which service. Church

ideals proper the for the up of guidance 2. affect the a asquorum. quorum Find Which out in what other quorums

lives the of the of the members quorum; itclass? brotherhood? as concern a wards stakes Wbich and have of done by way

all to live assist to second, to these up unit? social service as a Determine activities whichWhich spiritual which have had

ideals."the Personal Welfare Have Comre- theof four should committees significance. assume Give an account before the

in mittee these of your some quorum name forsponsibility activity each named. of quorum such activity. an Formulate

is ideals state to being and carry done what still 3. the Contrast haphazard methods for plans similar in endeavor your quorum.

lives into the the of them over members. 3. inprevailing the plan with quorums some are historical dates What some which

2. effectiveness will of a "The quorum activities toof according grouping quorum might the be occasion for outings in your

its the depend individual condition of upondefinite organization. and system quorum? What

Strong strong a members make in the 4.are time If energy? savings and Priest, The members. every Elder, Seventy, and quorum."to a Carry selfexamination on efforts results for thecontrasting put forth? Priest High influenced but in one person a to determine extent quorum what members year, there would be an increase annual

living to are the of ideals outup program in active XXIX membershipLESSON of 100,000. In what lined the Personal by Committee. Welfare the can ways Social Administration: Personal andQuorum Miscellaneous

the spiritual Discover inactivity: of causes help Committee achieve Instruction Class andWelfare increase? such an

it is faith lack in of divinity the the ofCommittees lack Church, of prayer, family violation of 12, 159161) (Read Chapter pp.

the day, Sabbath the of nonobservance

I. Personal Welfare Committee: Purpose Word of Wisdom, trouble in the family, Supplementary Readings

a. To seek out needs of individual illness and discouragement, unemployment? For Priesthood and Church Government

members 3. How can a Class Instruction Com-

b. To offer individual aid mittee best cooperate with the class leader?

c. To build strong, united quorum Review the study courses within your own Consult the Melchizedek Priesthood

1. Through individual growth experience. What do you feel you owe department which appears monthly in

2. Through social development them?. Which did you enjoy most? Due The Improvement Era for recurrent

II. (jjpmmittee Personal Duties to Welfare what conditions? instruction concerning purpose, organi-

a. characquainted with: become To zation, duties, and operation of the four ': LESSON attitude acter of XXX and quorum memstanding committees. Administration: Quorum in Church relation bers to ideals quorum b. Not to inquire into purely individual Service Committee and Social and A Handbook for Quorums of the

matters Miscellaneous Committee Melchizedek Priesthood, 1933, and In c. Should have following personnel (Read Chapter 12, pp..162165). the Realm of Quorum Activity provide

information I. Church Service Committee: Purpose additional suggestions,

CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC—EDITED BY JOHN D. GILES

THE AARONIC mandments, to school and discipline valley of the Jordan, and menacing their

PRIESTHOOD them into obedience until the advent furtherrequiredadvanceto conquer.into theThecountrycity wasthey takenwere

Sixth in a series of articles of a more auspicious era. on the seventh day, the Priests playing an

in important its capture. part plan of The In the April, of month 1451 B. C, forty late written by the Elder Orson

siege unique. the comJoshua was was the from time of from the exodus the Council F. Whitney of the city the to encompass manded Lord by of Egypt,years the children Israel of the crossed

the Twelve. Published origriver Jordan, the eastern boundary of the with his armies once every day for seven

inally in "The Contributor."land of Canaan, now known as Palestine, days, and on the last day seven times. The

and set foot upon the sacred soil of their Priests who bore the Ark were to march in

VI forefathers. It was the season of high the midst of the men of war, and seven other

it, Priests before blowing were upon to go the and swollen current boundwent horns. trumpets All of rams'cau were ing forward with force a that and turbulenceFromthe supremacythe death ofof Mosesthe Aaronicdates water, refrain until to tioned shouting from Joshua all seemingly defied it. attempt at fording

Priesthood. So long as he reBut the power of God was with His people, should give the word. The instructions

mained, the Melchizedek Priesthood and as the Priests bearing the Ark of the were faithfully carried out, and doubtless fearstricken the caused marvel much among stepped Covenant into the raging stream, controlling in Israel, thewas power the inhabitants of city. the doomed the furious On waters receded and, banking upas it must be at all times wherever seventh the day, seventh being round comeach on hand, the miracle of the Sea Red

present and in active operation, but was repeated, and the people all passed pleted, the Israelitish chieftain gave the when Moses was taken the Melover dryshod. During the march of the signal to his followers: "Shout, for the

city!"hath the given Lord deafenyou multitude mighty A through the path broadchizedek also, Priesthood went and air, ing far the the uproar but above shook in opened the waters, the sacred Arkbear-the Lesser left Priesthood to was shrill shouts, noise the blare of of human their ers took stand in the very center of

bear rule in the person of Eleazer. the channel, where they remained till the trumpets and the shrieks and curses of

foe, the the conquered crash resounded and last soul had reached mission the of shore. opposite Joshua,The upon whom

of roar crumbling ramparts. walls and this commemorate To miraculous event,the of mantle to be said Moses may taken. Jericho was twelve stones were taken river from the fallen,have though held he but a bed, at the place the Priests'"where feet subjected portion Having a of goodlypart the of authority honor of and firm,"stood by twelve men, one from each the for land given which them had God

tribe, left as andthat a memorial the mighty chiefly of on western God, man was inheritance, their the next movement made of a civic and military character. bank of the river. by Joshua and Eleazer, assisted by the heads

of Israel The armies laid siege now the several to of tribes, was in led the Israelites the capacityHe Jericho, fortress a strong the commanding the people. among The itsonlyapportionmenttribe that general,of sat as and also a judge

to administer in temporal affairs.

Unlike Moses, who was the favored recipient of the word of the Lord direct, he was required to acknowlFLORIDA DISTRICT (SOUTHERN MISSION) STATES AARONin spiritual things,edge, the superiIC PRIESTHOOD PILGRIMAGE

Eleazer,ority of the mouthpiece of TO FLORIDA WOODS

ANNIVERSARY.God to him and the entire congregaRESTORATIONFIRST PILGRIMAGE FORtion. TORY OF THE MISSION.IN HISThis radical change in the aspect

and administration of affairs was due entirely to lack of faith and disobedience on the part of the people.

How faithfully God and His servants strove with them, to sanctify them through submission to His laws, and how persistently they withstood and rendered futile such efforts by their stiffneckedness and rebellious conduct, has heretofore RIGBY STAKE AARONIC been partly shown. They had PRIESTHOODPILGRIMAGE TOANNIVERSARYHISTORIC

proved themselves unworthy of the POINTS.

higher law, associated with the

Priesthood of Melchizedek, and it was therefore taken from them, and they were given the Lesser Priesthood, with the law of carnal comOQUIRRH STAKE AARONIC PRIESTHOOD AT

PRIESTHOOD CONFERENCE, JUNE 22, 23, 1940

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1940

received no inheritance in this general allotof of Levi, the "Priesthood thatment was YOUTH AND THE WORD OF WISDOM their inheritIsraelthe being of Lord God ance,"and the tithing of the other tribes being set apart for their support. "Therefore, they gave no part unto the Levites in Tobacco and the Human Heart utes after smoking them, by 9.7 beats

after having minute. Fifty minutes per their cities to dwell in, withthe land, save

cigarette rate their subExcerpts from the thesis of their cattle average the smoke, the forsuburbs and for stance."The cities given to them were Sheldon Ross Hunt was 19.6, as against 9.9 for the cigar

infortyeight number, by drawn were and rate higher heart was The is thesis given evidence by smokers. this Tn tribes.lot the other of the possessions from cigafter the the smoking average on A of of quotations Government set at means the of Lord up Tabernacle wasThe other after arette using the of than any center religious the chartsShiloh, statistics and thus of making use and by

fact that to the drugs, probably due it of the at the nation,of and doorway wasit economic graphs, of the tremendous the sacred tent that the people received their cost of tea, coffee, and tobacco to the the cigarette smokers inhaled much of cigarette the smoke. Bible to chronolinheritances. According acStates. of the people United The died aboutogy, Eleazer both and Joshua rise after smoking a maximum The infor tea capita tual consumption per to livedthe B. having 1427 accomyear C, cigarette beats 13 to from ranges 54.68 in.54 to 1830 creased pounds from them, the taskplish assigned and important

rise normal, of an with average above in consumption Coffee 1930. pounds their planted firmly feet ofto see the people

upon the land of their future glory. increased from 2.99 pounds in 1830 to 37.9 beats per minute. This is an

For some years afterwards, and during 12.75 in 1930. Tobacco consumption average rise of 2,374 beats per hour,

the lifetime of the veteran Elders who were increased from 4.98 pounds in 1900 to and 54,576 beats per day.

their contemporaries and fellow witnesses 6.29 pounds in 1930. Coincident with The data shows the normal heart rate

of the great works God had done for His this increase in consumption of these of the cigarette smoker to be much children servedpeople, of Israel the the articles that of the nonsmoker, unbelievable higher than has gone an almost righteousness. Scarcely, practicedLord and rate in the past the in the increase while it mortality shows rise much maximum these asleep goodhowever, had men fallen

and another generation filled their places, thirty years, in the main due to the large lower.

than the evils which the Almighty had foreincrease in the rate of death from heart One of the cigarette smoker's normal seen, and against which He had warned diseases, apoplexy, Bright's disease, heart rate is 102 beats per minute, with to provide, repeatedly uponthem statistics came arterial disorders. These and rise beats. of four only a maximum

before them. been had commanded They disease heart that from deaths show heart his exercise 160 count After was drive to land, out entering the promised from death increased have 67%; rate heart minute. high This beats per tribes held the that exterminate wickedand Bright's from and apoplexy 83%; is in part, cigarette due, the to probably it, league of possessionusurped no to make

with them whatever, but to throw down disease 131%. These are diseases of habit.

their altars, lay waste their cities, and utorgans which are affected by nicotine Fisher and Fisk, page 403, in sumceasing terly of land them; the caffeine. not and empty their experiments, give the folming up

till entire the counthe or subjugation work experiments actual of Results among conclusions: lowing try, to from north south Jordan from and the following revealed of boys a group

to the seashore, fire and redeemed was by rise of the average maximum The rate. the affects heart Smoking The polluting wrested from thesword, and rate of the smoked boys who than is higher heartrate of smokers normal that earth disgraced and heart of those grasp

offended heaven by their idolatrous and cigarettes was higher by a fraction of that of nonsmokers. Smoking causes a

licentious crimes and abominations. one per cent than that of the boys who delay in the return of heartrate to normal

is after increased exercise. heartrate The cigars; average the maxsmoked Israelites, spared only however, not The tests. in the cent per of 63 smoking The rise cigarette 37.9 being the of imum the the nations under they were ofmany fifteen heartrate at the of average end for against as 37.3 failed per beats even minute destroy, to but divine injunction

1 1.2 after greater beats minutes smoking was territory. their to of dispossess rate them of nonthe cigar To smokers. the The heartrate. the than In normal average also their the disobedience, Lord recompense cigarettes smokers smoked was who tests all the cent of 97 per without taken

tribes alien remain, to and the permitted rate the higher the nonof also than returned, the heartrate smoking, normal the for as scourge thenceforth used them a fifty cigars, minfive the average, smokers within minutes. smoked on who people. of a transgressions were His They

snare for their feet and a thorn in their sides throughout their subsequent history. A

speedy result of their presence and contaminating influence was strife and division SIR HUBERT WILKINS among the children of Israel. The Priestthe tribes corrupt, and hood became lax {Concluded from page 539) brought him. He vigorously shook other, leagues alienated and from were each

coalitions were formed with the Canaanites "By the way, Mr. Wilkins, have my hand as he said again, "I'll have

and Philistines and their godless customs you ever been to Utah?"I asked. time now to read the Book of Morfinally, the altar as adopted, and of God "Yes,"he replied, "I have been to mon. idolatry neglected, and became more more

was introduced and gradually superseded that wonderful city of Salt Lake, and Still on the gangplank, I looked the pure worship of Jehovah. there met some of the leading men of down at this friendly and humble

"And they forsook the Lord and served the Mormon Church, and I have and fearless man and said to him,

Ashtaroth. Baal and

the children of Israel dwelt among never been more graciously enter- "I hope your trip will be a great "And the Canaanites, Hittites, and Amorites, and tained and cared for anywhere. I success. You know, I pray, and I

Perizzites, and Hivites, and Jebusites. have come in touch with the Moram going to remember you occatheir to took daughters they be their "And sionally I do."times and have mons several when

their wives, to daughters and gave lighted their development, and His eyes their watched up and his face their sons, served gods."and

The ultimate event was bondage and ophave found them to be very wonderalmost shone, as he replied, in subpression. The people they had spared and ful and resourceful and good peostance, "It is so nice of you to think

befriended became their despoilers and opple."of me that way. I believe in prayer.

pressors. intermarriages and The alliances It makes one have forethought, and shackles they had formed which By this time we had walked along were the

held them bound. From independence and the little boat back toward the gangit helps one to guard against danger.

freedom they sank to slavery and degradaplank. There was quite a scene of I pray also."He did not seem to be

tion, and thus was meted out a fitting retrithanking as we thanked him for takin a hurry for us to leave, and after for ingratitude bution the displayed they had the delivering us through his little barge and ten years, I can still see Sir Hubert their past towards Lord God of ance and prosperity. for the things he told us, and he following us with his eyes as we de-

{To be Continued) thanked us for the literature we parted.

THE RESPONSIBILITY OF WARD TEACHERS By Bishop Joseph L. Wirthlin,

Second Counselor in the Presiding RESPECT FOR AUTHORITY

Bishopric /"NE of the most fundamental principles of successful government, church

It is is respect authority. for absolutely plan or civil, necessary in any

civil in to live together In people harmony. peace and hope whichAndprophets;he gaveandsome,some,apostles;evangelists;and some,and in

some pastors, and teachers; for the pergovernment, constituted authority is empowered to enforce respect for its

fecting of the saints, for the work of the rights and decrees. This is necessary for the good of society. Without

ministry, for the edifying of the body of it chaos would prevail.

Christ, till we all come in the unity of the Latterday Saints are taught to have respect for civil authorities. The

faith, of of the the and knowledge Son definitely attitude. Article of believe Faith commits an of Twelfth to such "We

perfect 4:11, unto aGod man.—Ephesians in Kings, to Presidents, subject Rulers, Magistrates, being in obeying, and

13. 12, the law."honoring and sustaining

fall; counsel no is, the people but Where

is respect authority government, for In church and no less important is there counsellors of the multitudein safety.

—Proverbs 11:14. necessary. In our Church this is especially true. The authority of this

Church is God's authority. The fact that it has been delegated to man in

In the restoration of the Gospel no way lessens the respect due to it. Respect cannot be enforced. It can

through the instrumentality of the only be established and maintained through education, understanding, and

Prophet Joseph Smith, in this, the Dislove of the work of the Lord. Respect for authorities of the Church as

pensation of the Fullness of Times, the represented by its leaders—General, stake, and ward—has been one of the

Lord has provided numerous teachers greatest factors in its development and progress. If it were not forthcoming,

for the guidance and instruction of His disorder, lack of unity, and disintegration would result.

people. There stands as the great Respect for authority is an indication of loyalty, of acceptance, of

teacher to the people the President of faith, and of obedience, all necessary attributes of good citizenship and the Church, God's mouthpiece on the consistent membership in any government or church. Latterday Saints

earth, through whom He makes known should be outstanding in showing examples of respect for and loyalty to

His mind and will. His two counselors authority.

are also prophets and teachers of the Our children should be taught in the home and in our organizations people. The Council of the Twelve respect for all authority and particularly for the authority of our Father

Apostles are those who have the rein Heaven as represented by those who are called to places of responsisponsibility of keeping the Church in bility in His Church.

-order and teaching the people the principles and doctrines of Jesus Christ as well as bearing witness to the world that the restored Church has again achieved, the necessity of teaching the things."The boys again asked, "Should

appeared among the children of men. people is the most important obligahe observe the Word of Wisdom?"

There are stake presidents and bishops tion now resting upon the Priesthood. "Yes, indeed,"replied the bishop. The

and a great corps of the Priesthood There are those who are inclined to boy then said, "Only last Thursday I known as Ward Teachers whose rebelieve that ward teaching is obsolete, saw this man smoking."

sponsibility is as the Lord indicates in that its day of usefulness is past; but What would have been the reaction

the 20th Section of the Doctrine and never in the history of the Church has of the boy had this man entered his

Covenants, verses 50 to 55. there been a greater need for watching, home as a Ward Teacher with a mesprotecting, inspiring, stimulating, and sage on the Word of Wisdom? I am

And visit the house of each member exteaching the people than today. The sure the result in the mind of the boy

horting them to pray vocally and in secret, evil one has so stirred the nations of the would have been to say to himself, and attend to all family duties. The teacher's world that they are destroying each "This Teacher does not practice what

duty is to watch over the Church always, other through sin, iniquity, and war. he preaches."

with them, strengthen and and be and to accomplishments these all of of the see With Teachers people should be is in there iniquity that no the Church, greatest his ambition is to his credit, It is fully essential prepared. highly other, neither hardness neither with each

lying, backbiting, nor evil speaking, and convert members of the Church of that they have a full understanding of see that the Church meet together often, and Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints to his the monthly message. If the message

-also see that all members do their duty. cause. Yes, Ward Teachers are watchdoes not contain enough interesting

men on the towers of Zion. material then the Teacher should feel

And the Lord again through the Members of the Priesthood, both at liberty to augment it in every way

Prophet Joseph said (Section 88:77): Aaronic and Melchizedek, who receive possible to make the message interest-

"And I give unto you a commandment the honor of teaching the people, have ing, inspiring, and stimulating to the that you shall teach one another the definite responsibilities. First, they people.

doctrine of the Kingdom."should exemplify in their lives the docTeachers of the people should alThe greatest calling that can come to trines and principles of the Gospel. ways approach their task with an attithe Priesthood is that which has to do This brings to mind an incident that tude of prayer, divine guidance, and inwith teaching the people and watching took place some years ago when a spiration. This impresses the people

over the Church always, "to be with bishop submitted the name of a man perhaps more than any other factor.

and strengthen them, to see that there in a Priesthood meeting for approval as In delivering the message for the month is no iniquity in the Church, neither a Ward Teacher. After the meeting it is highly essential that all materials

hardness, lying, backbiting, nor evil the bishop was approached by a boy and conversation pertain directly to speaking, and see that the Church meet of about twelve years and asked the the message. The matters of weather,

together often and that all members do question, "What are the qualifications politics, and current events should be their duty."of a Ward Teacher?"The bishop releft for the radio and the newspapers.

If the above objectives are to be plied, "He must be an example in all {To he Continued)

ARROWHEAD AWARD November Honor Service QnijOULbLSpsudaL for requirements the Arrowhead 'T'he is held on to be Service This Honor simplified of and have been A Award committee Interest Special the if possible, basis, on stake aThe clarified edition the in the of Exnew conevery has Boards General the or preceding just afternoon Sunday is It 10. plorer suggested No. Log about people know that oncefidence scattered In Thanksgiving. following the all of that leaders acquire a copy in interested will be they programthe connection in held this might be stakes familiar the with and become Log new for immediate workattending. The meeting. leadership monthly the with present requirement. They Arrowhead counmanual and supervisorsstake with decorated should be chapel The 10. 105, be on found No. Log Page may acof plan to ways is thereforeselors of display emblems. Thanksgiving A

years twentyfive personsquainting Jubilee other and programs, and LOG NO. 10 pictures, proSpecial Interest theupwards with be of would ward souvenirs from each interest HThe an of arousinggram. The ways great interest. The following program

beginning the A Explorertenth editionTrail followsof the aLognewofformthe Probablyare legion. is suggested:

point is to obtain from the ward clerk and makes a new approach to the the names of those persons who are presentation of information to stake At the End of the Jubilee Trail leaders. Explorer interested and ward by can beeligible. These

of Bee- 1. composed committee Reception subject presenting usual calls, of form telephone Theinvitations by personal leaders stake Girls and Hive in several chapters matter is varied are In the cards. wardscalls, or postal music: "The preliminary by 2. Appropriate

many nonmembers of our Church that the introduction of the question and Spirit of the Hive"and "BeeHive could be invited by the stake missionanswer method. Joys."Every effort should be made

aries. In wards, there may be several An unusual plan, also, was followed to create a sweet influence before the

groups functioning as social units; they in securing the information and deservice begins.

could be invited to attend Mutual and veloping it for practical use. Leaders 3. Song Service: Each ward prepared to

will Girls song. appropriate sing one Interest successful groups work. in stake of Special ward andparticipate

leader, the signal of the stand but on not counselors called to Explorer possible, manual on were a "clinic"Wherever selected song their to verses the sing list In of probaddition organizing problems.will groups to a to begin do well in chorus the join entire group the and

immediately so that when the regular lems prepared for discussion, each parwhere possible. Suggestions: "There

Mutual class work commences, these ticipant was encouraged to present his is Sunshine in My Soul,""My Prayer"groups will already be functioning. own problems and viewpoints. 4. Prayer

The result of the "clinic"was to pro- 5. "We are grateful for the peace of our

vide a series of questions which, if nation which made possible this Jubilee

Girl BeeHive Trail"successfully, render would answered

Bless 6. Entire Group America""God Explorer assistance to every valuable

7. and grateful Church for our are "We

leader. girls"its for BeeHive way

SEPTEMBER 17 ASSEMBLY The questions thus developed were 8. "We Thank Thee, Oh God, for Girla

PROGRAM then sent to men who were believed Prophet"Entire Group to be best qualified to answer them. 9. "What I Liked Best on the Jubilee

'"pHE assembly program for September The same questions, in many cases, Trail"Two or Three BeeHive Girls participation of the 17 requires the Jubilee Song"10. "BeeHive persons. several to sent The were

Trail.".. Tribthe 11. "BeeKeepers on inExplorer ward. troop every therefore, the represent In answers, com-

I. to stake ute A. member. Y. M. by it, W.preparation for should troop every posite ideas with of wide men many reviewing Keepers, the of the Bee work arrangeorganizedbe properly and in the experience successful Exand expressing apevents outstanding and

for receiving completedments new plorer program. their for devotion preciation

members as is contemplated by the Where it was felt that the question 12. "The Trail From the Sidelines."...

program for the evening. The details and answer method would be most efExpression by the stake Priesthood

for the of the president, found be program or on CounPage High may member In the style this fective, used. was

cil, the of the bishop value or on ward the101 of Executive Manual. it topics, of however, treatment some

it year's seen as he has work results that best believed would was Roll 13. Call."Trail Jubilee Honor "The RECOGNITIONATTAINMENT

authoritative statement. from an come Girls to Tribute awardBee-Hive and

first is the Cassia Stake StakeHThe this explanation, Ten Log No. of With stake a ing Jubilee Badges by Honor

"in for the qualify the to Church it is will in that the Keeper published Bee hope

Explorer Attainment Recognition as be a guide of definite value to every 14. "Carry On"

provided by the General Board. In person who undertakes to become inaddition to Cassia, the following stakes formed and give leadership in the ExSome Bee Keepers and girls are stilL

have been officially commended by the plorer program. asking for credit done under the old

General Board for their outstanding edition of the handbook. We should

accomplishments in meeting most of like it understood now that no credit the requirements for the recognition: for honor badges or cells will be given

Bonneville, Cottonwood, Wells, Granexcept as outlined in the latest (1938) ite, Ensign, Liberty, Highland, East edition.

Jordan, Tooele, Cache, Hyrum, Pasa- /Vur Silver Jubilee trail reaches its We have made a new ruling ondena, Timpanogos, and Utah. The close with the November Honor honor badges. Ward Bee Keepers aremost difficult requirement appears to Service. It has been a glorious year to report to stake Bee Keepers the catabe the securing of sufficient First and for all of us. In this last event comes logued number of the honor badges

Second Honor Explorers. Explorer the climax and in preparation and their girls have filled, the date they

leaders in all troops should therefore presentation it should be worthy of all started, and the date of completion.

endeavor to promote more strenuously that has gone before. The spirit of the Only stake Bee Keepers may purchase

the Explorer Advancement Program occasion should be one of appreciation honor badges, chains, and rings. In

of First and Second Honors. The refor the opportunities which the year has this way stake officers can keep a better

quirements for the recognition plan are provided and acknowledgment of the check on the accomplishments of the found on page 164, Log No. 10. outstanding accomplishments. girls within their district.

555JfoL CREATION THE BIBLE KING JAMES VERSION REVISED VERSION DOUAY VERSION

Genesis Genesis Genesis FIFTH DAY ing, Be fruitful, and multiply, and ing, Be fruitful, and multiply, and Increase and multiply, and fill the

FIFTH TIME fill the waters in the seas, and let fill the waters in the seas, and let waters of the sea: and let the birds

(Continued) fowl multiply in the earth. birds multiply on the earth. be multiplied upon the earth.

1:23 And the evening and the 1:23 And there was evening and 1: 23 And the evening and morning

morning were the fifth day. there was morning, a fifth day. were the fifth day.

SIXTH DAY 1: 24 And God said, Let the earth 1:24 And God said, Let the earth 1:24 And God said: Let the earth

SIXTH TIME bring forth the living creature after bring forth living creatures after bring forth the living creature in his kind, cattle, and creeping thing, their kind, cattle, and creeping its kind, cattle and creeping things, and beast of the earth after his things, and beasts of the earth after and beasts of the earth, according kind: and it was so. their kind: and it was so. to their kinds. And it was so done.

1:25 And God made the beast of 1: 25 And God made the beasts of 1: 25 And God made the beasts of

the earth after his kind, and cattle the earth after their kind, and the the earth according to their kinds, after their kind, and every thing cattle after their kind, and everyand cattle, and every thing that that creepeth upon the earth after thing that creepeth upon the ground creepeth on the earth after its kind.

his kind: and God saw that it was after its kind: and God saw that And God saw that it was good.

good. it was good.

1:26 And he said: Let us make

1:26 And God said, Let us make 1:26 And God said, Let us make man to our image and likeness: and

man in our image, after our likeness; man in our image, after our likelet him have dominion over the

and let them have dominion over ness; and let them have dominion fishes of the sea, and the fowls of

the fish of the sea, and over the over the fish of the sea, and over the air, and the beasts, and the fowl of the air, and over the cattle, the birds of the heavens, and over whole earth, and every creeping and over all the earth, and over the cattle, and over all the earth, creature that moveth upon the earth.

every creeping thing that creepeth and over every creeping thing that upon the earth. creepeth upon the earth. 1:27 And God created man to his

own image: to the image of God he

1:27 So God created man in his 1:27 And God created man in his created him: male and female he

own image, in the image of God own image, in the image of God created them.

created he him: male and female crecreated he him; male and female

ated he them. created he them, 1:28 And God blessed them, saying: Increase and multiply, and

1:28 And God blessed them, and 1:28 And God blessed them: and fill the earth, and subdue it, and

God said unto them, Be fruitful, God said unto them, Be fruitful, rule over the fishes of the sea, and and multiply, and replenish the and multiply, and replenish the the fowls of the air, and all living earth, and subdue it; and have doearth, and subdue it; and have docreatures that move upon the earth.

minion over the fish of the sea, and minion over the fish of the sea, and over the fowl of the air, and over over the birds of the heavens, and 1:29 And God said: Behold I

every living thing that moveth upover every living thing that moveth have given you every herb bearing on the earth. upon the earth. seed upon the earth, and all trees

that have in themselves seed of their 1:29 And God said, Behold, I have 1:29 And God said, Behold, I have own kind, to be your meat:

yielding seed, seed, herb every bearing herb every given you given you the the face the 1:30 And to all beasts of the earth, face of all the which of all which is upon is upon

to air, every fowl of the and tree, is and earth, tree, earth, every and and every in which in the which that to all earth, the upon move the fruit is of yielding seed; to the fruit yielding seed: a tree of a tree

there and wherein to you it shall be for meat. you it shall be for food;

have to feed upon. may is life,Andthatit theywas

1:30 And to every beast of the 1: 30 And to every beast of the so done.

earth, and to every fowl of the air, earth, and to every bird of the and to every thing that creepeth heavens, and to everything that 1:31 And God saw all the things

upon the earth, wherein there is life, creepeth upon the earth, wherein that he had made, and they were

I have given every green herb for there is life, I have given every very good. And the evening and

meat: and it was so. green herb for food: and it was so. morning were the sixth day.

1:31 And God saw every thing 1:31 And God saw everything

that he had made, and, behold, it that he had made, and, behold, it was very good. And the evening was very good. And there was

and the morning were the sixth day. evening and there was morning, the

sixth day.

10. SEVENTH DAY 2:1 Thus the heavens and the earth 2: 1 And the heavens and the earth 2:1 So the heavens and the earth

SEVENTH TIME were finished, and all the host of were finished, and all the host of were finished, and all the furniture them. them. of them.

556 (Continued on page 558) THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1940

THE BIBLE THE PEARL OF GREAT PRICE

JEWISH VERSION JOSEPHREVISIONSMITH'S MOSES ABRAHAM

Genesis Genesis 2:22 And I, God, blessed them, that they would be obeyed, and

saying: Be fruitful, and multiply, that their plan was good.

I, fill let blessed them, in seas, the the good: and and waters God, fill the sea, in the and waters and said: the 4:22 Gods And We fruitful, multiply, earth.'in saying, fowl and the multiply Be earth. in the multiply let fowl will bless them, them cause and

fill in the sea, the waters and and fill fruitful multiply, to and be and there 1:23 and evening was And the the let earth. evening in the and 2:23 multiply fowl And And in the the great seas or waters fifth there morning, day. a was fifth the the day. were the morning were evening morning and to waters; multhe fowl cause and

fifth the day. tiply in earth. the

4:23 And it came to pass that

it was from evening until morning that they called night; and it came

to pass that it was from morning until evening that they called day;

and it was the fifth time.

1:24 And God said: 'Let the earth 1:25 And I, God, said, Let the 2:24 And I, God, said: Let the 4:24 And the Gods prepared the

bring forth the living creature after earth bring forth the living creature, earth bring forth the living creature earth to bring forth the living creaits kind, cattle, and creeping thing, after his kind: cattle and creeping after his kind, cattle, and creeping ture after his kind, cattle and creepand beast of the earth after its kind.'things, and beasts of the earth, after things, and beasts of the earth after ing things, and beasts of the earth

And it was so. their kind; and it was so. their kind, and it was so, after their kind; and it was so, as

they had said.

I, I, 1:25 the beasts the 1:26 the 2:25 beasts of beast God, made God, And made And made And God the the 4:25 organized Gods And

its the earth after catearth, their after kind, kind, earth the their the after kind; of the and and of and after to forth earth bring the beasts cattle their tle after after kind, their after their everything cattle kind, kind; and everyevery and and their cattle their after kind, kind, and thing after that the earth creepeth creepeth earth, thing creepeth the the which which upon upon upon ground creepeth that everything and upon its I, all after I, kind; that kind: it his after his that kind. that and and God, God, saw saw God saw And its after kind; the earth and the Gods

all things these good, these good. thingswas good. were were they obey. would saw

1:26 And God said: 'Let us make 1:27 And I, God, said unto mine 2:26 And I, God, said unto mine 4:26 And the Gods took counsel

man in our image, after our likeOnly Begotten, which was with me Only Begotten, which was with me among themselves and said, Let us ness; and let them have dominion from the beginning, Let us make man from the beginning: Let us make go down and form man in our imover the fish of the sea, and over in our image, after our likeness; and man in our image, after our likeness, age, after our likeness; and we will

the fowl of the air, and over the it was so. and it was so. And I, God, said: give them dominion over the fish of

cattle, and over all the earth, and Let them have dominion over the the sea, and over the fowl of the over every creeping thing that 1:28 And I, God, said, Let them fishes of the sea, and over the fowl air, and over the cattle, and over all

creepeth upon the earth.'have dominion over the fishes of of the air, and over the cattle, and the earth, and over every creeping

the sea, and over the fowl of the over all the earth, and over every thing that creepeth upon the earth.

1:27 all cattle, in created the his air, over And over and and God man thing that creeping creepeth upon to the 4:27 went Gods So down image, in the earth, the ofown image creeping every and over God earth. the their in image, organize own man created he him; that earth. thing creepeth male the female and upon in of the to the form image Godscreated he in them. 1:27 created I, God, And man him, to they female form male and I, in 1:29 created God, And man in of image, the image mine own them. they 1:28 blessed in And them; image, the of mine God image and own I created him; Begotten mine Only

said unto I them: fruitful,God 'Be him; created mine Begotten Only I said: created them. female the and male 4:28 Gods And We multiply, Iand replenish and created the female male them. and said: bless the them. Gods And Wewill

1 I,earth, and it;:28 them, blessed subdue and and God, have And dowill fruitful to cause be and them

I, 1:30 them, blessed God, And the fish fruitful,minion over said unto the of them: sea, and Be and multiply, earth, replenish the and

fruitful, said them, unto and and Be theover fowl air, multiply, replenish earth, of the the and and over it, to dominion subdue and have and multiply, earth, replenish the and it, livingevery thing that subdue dominion and have creepeth and fish sea, the the the of over over and it; and dominion subdue have and the earth.'fishupon the sea, the of over over and livair, the of fowl every over and

fish the sea, of over the over and air, the of fowl the over every and ing that thing the moveth upon 1:29 said: air, the 'Behold, And I fowl of the God and every over living thing that the moveth upon earth.have given living every herb thing yielding that you the moveth upon earth.

seed, which is upon the face of all earth. 4:29 And the Gods said: Behold,

the earth, and every tree, in which 1:29 And I, God, said unto man: we will give them every herb bearis the fruit of a tree yielding seed 1:31 And I, God, said unto man, Behold, I have given you every herb ing seed that shall come upon the

to you it shall be for food; Behold, I have given you every bearing seed, which is upon the face face of all the earth, and every tree

is herb, seed, bearing which all the earth, fruit upon of shall tree every yea, and in which have upon it;

face 1:30 And to every beast of the the of all the earth every and shall the the fruit the fruit tree which yielding to of be of the a tree seed

earth, tree and to every air, in fruit fowl the of the the which shall be yielding will give it; it shall be seed; to you it shall be for them we

and to everything it that tree, creepeth yielding to of seed; a upon you their meat. for meat.

the earth, wherein there is a living shall be for meat.

soul, (I have given) every green 1:30 And to every beast of the 4:30 And to every beast of the

herb for food.'And it was so. 1:32 And to every beast of the earth, and to every fowl of the air, earth, and to every fowl of the air,

earth, and to every fowl of the air, and to everything that creepeth and to everything that creepeth 1:31 And God saw every thing and to everything that creepeth upupon the earth, wherein I grant upon the earth, behold, we will give

that he had made, and, behold, it on the earth, wherein I grant life, life, there shall be given every clean them life, and also we will give to was very good. And there was there shall be given every clean herb for meat; and it was so, even them every green herb for meat,

evening and there was morning, the herb for meat; and it was so, even as I spake. and all these things shall be thus

sixth day. as I spake. organized.

I, 2:31 everything God, And saw the will said: Gods And I, We 1:33 everything God, saw And I that all 4:31 and, had behold, made,

that everything said, do have we I that all behold, had made, and I things which had very made were organize them, behold, and and I things which had very were made the good; evening and the mornand

shall obedient. they very be And the the good. evening and And ing sixth the were day.

it it to that pass from came was sixth the morning day. were

evening until morning they called night, and it came to pass that it was from morning until evening that they called day; and they numbered the

sixth time.

2:1 And the heaven and the earth 2:1 Thus the heaven and the earth 3: 1 Thus the heaven and the earth 5:1 And thus we will finish the

were finished, and all the host of were finished, and all the host of were finished, and all the host of heavens and the earth, and all the them. them. them. hosts of them.

(Continued on page 559) 557 JhsL CREATION THE BIBLE KING JAMES VERSION REVISED VERSION DOUAY VERSION

Genesis Genesis Genesis 10. SEVENTH DAY 2:2 And on the seventh day God 2:2 And on the seventh day God 2:2 And on the seventh day God

SEVENTH TIME ended his work which he had made: finished his work which he had ended his work which he had made:

(Continued) and he rested on the seventh day made and he rested on the seventh and he rested on the seventh day from all his work which he had day from all his work which he had from all his work which he had made. made. done.

2:3 And God blessed the seventh 2:3 And God blessed the seventh 2:3 And he blessed the seventh

day, and sanctified it; because that day, and hallowed it; because that day and sanctified it: because in

in it he had rested from all his work in it he rested from all his work it he had rested from all his work which God created and made. which God had created and made. which God created and made.

11. INTERLUDE 2:4 These are the generations of 2:4 These are the generations of 2:4 These are the generations of

the heavens and of the earth when the heavens and of the earth when the heaven and the earth, when they were created, in the day that they were created, in the day that they were created, in the day that the Lord God made the earth and the Jehovah God made earth and heathe Lord God made the heaven and heavens, ven. the earth:

2:5 And every plant of the field 2:5 And no plant of the field was 2:5 And every plant of the field

before it was in the earth, and every yet in the earth, and no herb of the before it sprung up in the earth, herb of the field before it grew, for field had yet sprung up; for Jehovah and every herb of the ground bethe Lord God had not caused it to God had not caused it to rain upon fore it grew: for the Lord God had

rain upon the earth, and there was the earth: and there was not a man not rained upon the earth; and

not a man to till the ground. to till the ground; there was not a man to till the

earth.

12. CREATION OF MAN 2:6 But there went up a mist from 2:6 But there went up a mist from 2:6 But a spring rose out of the

the earth, and watered the whole the earth, and watered the whole earth, watering all the surface of face of the ground. face of the ground. the earth.

2:7 And the Lord God formed 2: 7 And Jehovah God formed man 2:7 And the Lord God formed

man of the dust of the ground, and of the dust of the ground, and man of the slime of the earth: and

breathed into his nostrils the breath breathed into his nostrils the breath breathed into his face the breath of life: and man became a living of life; and man became a living of life, and man became a living

soul. soul. soul.

13. GARDEN OF EDEN 2:8 And the Lord God planted a 2:8 And Jehovah God planted a 2:8 And the Lord God had plantgarden eastward in Eden, and there garden eastward, in Eden; and ed a paradise of pleasure from the

he put the man whom he had there he put the man whom he had beginning, wherein he placed man formed. formed. whom he had formed.

14. VEGETABLE 2:9 And out of the ground made 2:9 And out of the ground made 2:9 And the Lord God brought

CREATION the Lord God to grow every tree Jehovah God to grow every tree forth of the ground all manner of that is pleasant to the sight, and that is pleasant to the sight, and trees, fair to behold, and pleasant good for food; the tree of life also good for food; the tree of life also to eat of: the tree of life also in

in the midst of the garden, and the in the midst of the garden, and the the midst of paradise: and the tree

tree of knowledge of good and evil. tree of the knowledge of good and of knowledge of good and evil.

evil.

15. GEOGRAPHY 2:10 And a river went out of 2:10 And a river went out of 2:10 And a river went out of the

Eden to water the garden: and Eden to water the garden; and place of pleasure to water para558 (Continued on page 560)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1940

THE BIBLE THE PEARL OF GREAT PRICE

JEWISH VERSION JOSEPHREVISIONSMITH'S MOSES ABRAHAM

Genesis Genesis 3: 2 And on the seventh day I, God, 5:2 And the Gods said among

ended my work, and all things which themselves: On the seventh time

2:2 And on the seventh day God 2:2 And on the seventh day, I, I had made; and I rested on the we will end our work, which we

finished his work which he had God, ended my work, and all things seventh day from all my work, and have counseled, and we will rest on made; and he rested on the seventh which I had made; and I rested on all things which I had made were the seventh time from all our work

day from all his work which he had the seventh day from all my work; finished, and I, God, saw that they which we have counseled.

allmade. things and which good. concluded upthe 5:3 Gods And finished. were And I,I hadGod, madesaw were that time, because on the seventh on2:3 the seventh God blessed And sevthe blessed 3:3 I, God, that And they good. were rest time they would the seventhday, that hallowed it because and it, sanctified because enth and day

they all their which works I, rested hisin it he from all 2:3 blessed work the sevGod, all that rested in And from it I had my from themcounseled among (the Gods) in creatingwhich it, had enth made. sanctified day, God and because created which and I, God, had work

it. sanctified to form; and selves it I all that in rested had from made. my

the at their decisions thus were And I, work, created which God, had and made. time that they counseled among

themselves to form the heavens and the earth. and the Gods came down And I say unto 5:4 the behold are2:4 generations of These now, 2:4 behold, 3:4 now, I say unto And And

the of generations the these formed the generations the are of these and thatthe heaven that earth when these you, are the generations you, earth, the of when heavens and earth, the ofthey in the and were created, of heaven the day that of the earth, heaven, of the and that the in day formed were they the in created, day earth werethe Lord they in the created they God made were day and when when the earth the and formed the Gods the made I,heaven. God, I the Lord that that the the Lord made God

heavens, earth. the and earth, the heaven heaven and every and

field the of2:5 shrub yet was No field plant in of the before it was all that which to 5:5 According the field ofin plant earth, the the of herb and every no 3:5 And the earth, of the herb every and every said concerning had they earth, andfield the in it the for up; sprung yet had was before it field before grew. in field before it was plant of the it field it before the toLord not of had caused herb every God

the of herb earth, every the and created I,rain earth, God, the the I, Lord upon and there was For grew. 2:5 the created Lord God, For

it the for field grew; Gods before spoken, I have the to till anot of ground; which things, all all man things of spoken, which I have

the it rain to upon caused not nathad they were before spiritually, spiritually, natbefore they were to counseled they earth do when earth. of the face the urally upon earth; the urally the face of upon had not formed a man them, and not I, had God, the Lord for I, the not caused For God, Lord had

the ground. to till of the face it to rain upon caused it to rain the of the face upon

earth. the earth. And I, the Lord God, had

created all the children of men; and

2:6 And I, the Lord God, had crenot yet a man to till the ground;

ated all the children of men, and not for in heaven created I them; and

yet a man to till the ground, for in there was not yet flesh upon the heaven created I them, and there earth, neither in the water, neither was not yet flesh upon the earth, in the air;

neither in the water, neither in the air. 2:6 But there went up a mist 2:7 But I, the Lord God, spake, 3:6 But I, the Lord God, spake, 5:6 But there went up a mist

from the earth, and watered the and there went up a mist from the and there went up a mist from the from the earth, and watered the whole face of the ground. earth, and watered the whole face earth, and watered the whole face whole face of the ground.

ground. the of the of ground.

the formed 5:7 man Gods And formed2:7 the Lord Then God

I, formed the ground, God, of the Lord and 2:8 dust the I, from the And formed God, 3:7 Lord And the of ground, the dust of andman

is, the ground, the of dust spirit (that the man's his from took man of the ground, the dust from man the his nostrils intobreathed nostrils the his into it into breathed him; and put the nostrils spirit), and his into breathed andbreath of life; and man became a and

a his nostrils the breath into breath became of life; and man a breathed of life; became and breath manliving soul.

living soul; the first flesh upon the living soul, the first flesh upon the of life and man became a living

earth, the first man also. earth, the first man also; neverthesoul.

2:9 Nevertheless, all things were less, all things were before created;

before created, but spiritually were but spiritually were they created they created and made, according to and made according to my word.

my word. 2:8 And the Lord God planted a 2:10 And I, the Lord God, plant- 3:8 And I, the Lord God, planted 5:8 And the Gods planted a gargarden eastward, in Eden; and there ed a garden eastward in Eden; a garden eastward in Eden, and den, eastward in Eden, and there

he put the man whom he had and there I put the man whom I there I put the man whom I had they put the man, whose spirit they formed. had formed. formed. had put into the body which they

had formed.

2:9 And out of the ground made 2:11 And out of the ground, made 3:9 And out of the ground made 5:9 And out of the ground made

the Lord God to grow every tree I, the Lord God, to grow every tree I, the Lord God, to grow every tree, the Gods to grow every tree that that is pleasant to the sight, and naturally, that is pleasant to the naturally, that is pleasant to the is pleasant to the sight and good good for food; the tree of life also sight of man, and man could besight of man; and man could behold for food; the tree of life, also, in

in the midst of the garden, and the hold it and it became also a living it. And it became also a living soul. the midst of the garden, and the

tree of the knowledge of good and soul; for it was spiritual in the day For it was spiritual in the day that tree of knowledge of good and evil.

evil. that I created it; for it remaineth I created it; for it remaineth in the

in the sphere in which I, God, cresphere in which I, God, created it, ated it; yea, even all things which yea, even all things which I pre-

I prepared for the use of man; and pared for the use of man; and man

man saw that it was good for food. saw that it was good for food. And

I, the Lord God, planted the tree 2:12 And I, the Lord God, plantof life also in the midst of the gared the tree of life also, in the midst den, and also the tree of knowledge

of the garden; and also the tree of of good and evil.

knowledge of good and evil.

2:10 And a river went out of 2:13 And I, the Lord God, caused 3:10 And I, the Lord God, caused 5:10 There was a river running

Eden to water the garden; and a river to go out of Eden, to water a river to go out of Eden to water out of Eden, to water the garden,

{Continued on page 561 559 JhsL CREATION THE BIBLE KING JAMES VERSION REVISED VERSION DOUAY VERSION

Genesis Genesis Genesis 15. GEOGRAPHY from thence it was parted, and befrom thence it was parted, and bedise, which from thence is divided

(Continued) came into four heads. came four heads. into four heads.

2:11 The name of the first is Pi- 2:11 The name of the first is 2:11 The name of the one is Phison: that is it which compasseth Pishon; that is it which compasseth son: that is it which compasseth

the whole land of Havilah, where the whole land of Havilah, where all the land of Hevilath, where there is gold, there is gold. gold groweth.

2:12 And the gold of that land is 2:12 And the gold of that land is 2:12 And the gold of that land

good; there is bdellium and the good, there is bdellium and the is very good: there is found bdelonyx stone. onyx stone. lium, and the onyx stone.

2:13 And the name of the second 2:13 And the name of the second 2:13 And the name of the second

river in Gihon: the same is it that river is Gihon: the same is it that river is Gehon: the same is it that

compasseth the whole land of Ethicompasseth the whole land of compasseth all the land of Ethiopia. Cush. opia.

2:14 And the name of the third 2:14 And the name of the third 2:14 And the name of the third

river is Hiddekel: that is it which river is Hiddekel: that is it which river is Tigris: the same passeth

goeth toward the east of Assyria. goeth in front of Assyria. And the along by the Assyrians. And the

And the fourth river is Euphrates. Fourth river is the Euphrates. fourth river is Euphrates.

16. ADAM PUT IN EDEN 2:15 And the Lord God took the 2:15 And Jehovah God took the 2:15 And the Lord God took man,

man, and put him into the garden man, and put him into the garden and put Him into the paradise of of Eden to dress it and to keep it. of Eden to dress it and to keep it. pleasure, to dress it, and to keep it.

17. GOD'S COMMAND 2:16 And the Lord God com- 2: 16 And Jehovah God command- 2:16 And he commanded him, sayTO ADAM manded the man, saying, Of every ed the man, saying, Of every tree ing: Of every tree of paradise thou

tree of the garden thou mayest of the garden thou mayest freely shalt eat:

freely eat; eat:

2:17 But of the tree of knowledge

2:17 But of the tree of the knowl- 2:17 But of the tree of the knowlof good and evil, thou shalt not eat

edge of good and evil, thou shalt edge of good and evil, thou shalt For in what day soever thou shalt not eat of it: for in the day that not eat of it: for in the day that eat of it, thou shalt die the death.

thou eatest thereof thou shalt surely thou eatest thereof thou shalt surely die. die.

18. RECKONING OF

TIME

19. DECISION TO 2:18 And the Lord God said, It 2:18 And Jehovah God said, It is 2:18 And the Lord God said: It

CREATE EVE is not good that the man should be not good that the man should be is not good for man to be alone:

alone. I will make him an help meet alone; I will make him a help meet let us make him a help like unto himfor him. for him. self.

20. ANIMAL CREATION 2:19 And out of the ground the 2:19 And out of the ground Jeho- 2:19 And the Lord God having

AND NAMING Lord God formed every beast of vah God formed every beast of the formed out of the ground all the the field, and every fowl of the air; field, and every bird of the heavens; beasts of the earth, and all the fowls

and brought them unto Adam to see and brought them unto the man to of the air, brought them to Adam what he would call them: and whatsee what he would call them: and to see what he would call them: for

soever Adam called every living whatsoever the man called every whatsoever Adam called any living creature, that was the name thereof. living creature, that was the name creature the same is its name.

thereof. 2:20 And Adam gave names to 2:20 And Adam called all the

all cattle, and to the fowl of the 2:20 And the man gave names to beasts by their names, and all the

air, and to every beast of the field: all cattle, and to the birds of the fowls of the air, and all the cattle

but for Adam there was not found heavens, and to every beast of the of the field: but for Adam there

an help meet for him. field; but for man there was not was not found a helper like himself.

found a help meet for him.

21. CREATION OF EVE 2:21 And the Lord God caused a 2:21 And Jehovah God caused a 2:21 Then the Lord God cast a

deep sleep to fall upon Adam, and deep sleep to fall upon the man, and deep sleep upon Adam: and when

he slept; and he took one of his ribs he slept; and he took one of his ribs, he was fast asleep, he took one

and closed up the flesh instead and closed up the flesh instead of his ribs, and filled up flesh for it.

thereof. thereof:

560 (Concluded on page 562) THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1940

THE BIBLE THE PEARL OF GREAT PRICE

JEWISH VERSION JOSEPHREVISIONSMITH'S MOSES ABRAHAM

Genesis Genesis the garden; and from thence it was and from thence it was parted and

parted, and became into four heads. became into four heads.

from thence it was parted, and bethe garden; and from thence it was

came four heads. parted, and became into four heads. 3:11 And I, the Lord God, called

the name of the first Pison, and it 2:11 The name of the first is Pi- 2:14 And I, the Lord God, called compasseth the whole land of Havishon; that is it which compasseth the name of the first Pison, and it lah, where I, the Lord God, created

the whole land of Havilah, where compasseth the whole land of Havmuch gold.

there is gold, ilah, where I, the Lord, created much gold; and the gold of that 3:12 And the gold of that land

2:12 And the gold of that land land was good, and there was bdelwas good, and there was bdellium

is good; there is bdellium and the lium, and the onyx stone. and the onyx stone.

onyx stone.

2:15 And the name of the second 3:13 And the name of the second

2:13 And the name of the second river was called Gihon, the same river was called Gihon; the same

river is Gihon, the same is it that that compasseth the whole land of that compasseth the whole land of compasseth the whole land of Cush. Ethiopia. Ethiopia.

the of the third 2:16 name And the2:14 of the third the the third of And name 3:14 name And that Hiddekel, gowhich was is itriver is Tigris; that goriver goriver that which Hiddekel, which was east of eth the Assyria. towardeth the of toward east Asshur. east of the eth Assyria. And toward And

the fourth river is the Euphrates. 2:17 And the fourth river was the fourth river was the Euphrates.

Euphrates.

2:15 And the Lord God took the 2:18 And I, the Lord God, took 3:15 And I, the Lord God, took 5:11 And the Gods took the man

man, and put him into the garden the man, and put him into the garthe man, and put him into the Garand put him in the Garden of Eden, of Eden to dress it and to keep it. den of Eden, to dress it, and to den of Eden, to dress it, and to to dress it and to keep it.

keep it. keep it.

2:16 And the Lord God command- 2:19 And I, the Lord God, com- 3:16 And I, the Lord God, com- 5:12 And the Gods commanded

ed the man, saying: 'Of every tree manded the man, saying, Of every manded the man, saying: Of every the man, saying, Of every tree of

of the garden thou mayest freely tree of the garden thou mayest tree of the garden thou mayest the garden thou mayest freely eat, eat; freely eat; freely eat,

5:13 But of the tree of knowledge

2:17 But of the tree of the knowl- 2:20 But of the tree of the knowl- 3:17 But of the tree of the knowlof good and evil, thou shalt not eat

edge of good and evil, thou shalt edge of good and evil, thou shalt edge of good and evil, thou shalt of it; for in the time that thou eatest

not eat of it; for in the day that not eat of it, not eat of it, nevertheless, thou thereof, thou shalt surely die.

thou eatest thereof thou shalt surely mayest choose for thyself, for it is die.'2:21 Nevertheless, thou mayest given unto thee; but remember that

choose for thyself, for it is given I forbid it, for in the day thou eatest unto thee, but remember that I forthereof thou shalt surelv die.

bid it.

2:22 For in the day thou eatest

thereof thou shalt surely die.

5:13 Now, I, Abraham, saw that it

was after the Lord's time, which was after the time of Kolob; for as

yet the Gods had not appointed unto Adam his reckoning.

2:18 And the Lord God said: 'It 2:23 And I, the Lord God, said 3:18 And I, the Lord God, said 5:14 And the Gods said, Let us

is not good that the man should be unto mine Only Begotten, that it unto mine Only Begotten, that it was make an help meet for the man, for alone; I will make him a help meet was not good that the man should not good that the man should be it is not good that the man should

for him.'be alone. alone; wherefore, I will make an be alone, therefore we will form

2:24 Wherefore, I will make an help meet for him. an help meet for him.

help meet for him.

2:19 And out of the ground the 2:25 And out of the ground, I the 3:19 And out of the ground I, the 5:20 And out of the ground the

Lord God formed every beast of Lord God, formed every beast of Lord God, formed every beast of Gods formed every beast of the the field, and every fowl of the air; the field, and every fowl of the air; the field, and every fowl of the air, field, and every fowl of the air, and

and brought them unto the man to and commanded that they should and commanded that they should brought them unto Adam to see see what he would call them; and come unto Adam, to see what he come unto Adam, to see what he what he would call them; and whatwhatsoever the man would call would call them. would call them; and they were also soever Adam called every living

every living creature, that was to living souls; for I, God, breathed creature, that should be the name

be the name thereof. 2:26 And they were also living into them the breath of life, and thereof.

souls; for I, God, breathed into them commanded that whatsoever Adam

2:20 And the man gave names to the breath of life, and commanded called every living creature, that 5:21 And Adam gave names to all

all cattle, and to the fowl of the that whatsoever Adam called every should be the name thereof. cattle, to the fowl of the air, to

air, and to every beast of the field; living creature, that should be the every beast of the field; and for

but for Adam there was not found name thereof. 3:20 And Adam gave names to all Adam there was found an help meet

a help meet for him. cattle, and to the fowl of the air, for him.

2:27 And Adam gave names to and to every beast of the field. But

all cattle, and to the fowl of the air, as for Adam, there was not found and to every beast of the field; an help meet for him.

but as for Adam, there was not found an help meet for him.

2:21 And the Lord God caused a 2:28 And I, the Lord God, caused 3:21 And I, the Lord God, caused 5:15. And the Gods caused a deep

deep sleep to fall upon the man, a deep sleep to fall upon Adam, and a deep sleep to fall upon Adam; and sleep to fall upon Adam; and he

and he slept; and he took one of his he slept, and I took one of his ribs, he slept, and I took one of his ribs slept, and they took one of his ribs,

ribs, and closed up the place with and closed up the flesh in the stead and closed up the flesh in the stead and closed up the flesh in the stead flesh instead thereof. thereof: and the rib, which I, the thereof. thereof.

[Concluded on page 563) 561

JhsL CREATION THE BIBLE 21. CREATION OF EVE KING JAMES VERSION REVISED VERSION DOUAY VERSION

(Continued) Genesis Genesis Genesis 2:22 And the rib, which the Lord 2:22 And the rib, which Jehovah 2:22 And the Lord God built the

God had taken from man, made he God had taken from the man, made rib which he took from Adam into a a woman, and brought her unto the he a woman, and brought her unto woman: and brought her to Adam.

man. the man.

22. EVE NAMED; ADAM 2: 23 And Adam said, This is now 2:23 And the man said, This is 2:23 And Adam said: This now

DECLARES LAW OF bone of my bones, and flesh of my now bone of my bones, and flesh of is bone of my bones, and flesh of

MAN AND WIFE flesh; she shall be called Woman my flesh: she shall be called Wommy flesh; she shall be called woman,

because she was taken out of Man. an, because she was taken out of because she was taken out of man.

Man. 2:24 Therefore shall a man leave 2:24 Wherefore a man shall leave

his father and his mother, and shall 2:24 Therefore shall a man leave father and mother, and shall cleave

cleave unto his wife: and they shall his father and his mother, and shall to his wife: and they shall be two

be one flesh. cleave unto his wife: and they shall in one flesh.

be one flesh.

2:25 And they were both naked,

the man and his wife, and were not ashamed.

\\ // Job ures of the snow? or hast thou seen the In the Beginning treasures of the hail,

38:1. Then the Lord answered Job out 38:23. Which I have reserved against

( Continued from page 523 of the whirlwind, and said, the time of trouble, against the day of battle is this counsel that darkeneth 38:2. Who war? and

4:2. But, behold, Son, Beloved which my without knowledge? words by is light the parted, 38:24. what By way Beloved the befrom and was Chosen my loins like 38:3. thy man: Gird a up now the the scattereth east which upon wind ginning, will said unto thy I thee, for will thou of and answer demand me—Father, earth?

done, forever. the glory thine be and be me. 38:25. divided a hath watercourse Who 4:3. that because reWherefore, Satan I the laid 38:4. thou wast when Where for for the of or waters, a overflowing way belled against to me, destroy and sought if hast of declare, earth? the foundations thou lightning the thunder; of

I, the of the which agency man, Lord God, understanding. it earth, the rain 38:26. to cause on To

I also, given him, that had give should and laid therethe 38:5. measures hath is; Who wilderness, the wherein no where on man unto mine the him power; power own by if of, stretched or hath thou knowest? who is there man; no

I of Begotten, that mine caused he Only it? line the upon desolate satisfy the 38:27. waste and To cast should be down. are foundations 38:6. the Whereupon tender to of the ground; the cause and bud

4:4. yea, Satan, he became even And laid the corner thereof fastened? or who to spring forth? herb

lies, all devil, the of the father to deceive thereof; stone father? the rain 38:28. a or Hath who blind to to lead and captive men, and them tostars the 38:7. sang morning When the hath begotten of drops dew?

will, his at as as even not would many all for gether, the of sons shouted and God the of 38:29. whose came Out womb voice. unto hearken my joy? the ice? frost of hoary heaven, and who

it? waters are hid as with a John when38:8.it Orbrakewhoforth,shut asup iftheit seahadwithissueddoors,out hath38:30.genderedThe

1:1. In the beginning was the Word, of the womb? stone, and the face of the deep is frozen.

and the Word was with God, and the Word 38:9. When I made the cloud the gar38:31. Canst thou bind the sweet inwas God. ment thereof, and thick darkness a swadfluences of Pleiades, or loose the bands of

1:2. The same was in the beginning with dlingband for it, Orion?

God. 38:10. And brake up for it my decreed 38:32. Canst thou bring forth Mazaroth

1:3. All things were made by him; and place, and set bars and doors, in his season? or canst thou guide Arcturus

without him was not any thing made that 38:11. And said, Hitherto shalt thou with his sons?

was made. come, but no further: and here shall thy 38:33. Knowest thou the ordinances of

1:4. In him was life; and the life was the proud waves be stayed? heaven? canst thou set the dominion thereof

light of men. 38:12. Hast thou commanded the mornin the earth?

1:5. And the light shineth in darkness; ing since thy days; and caused the day38:34. Canst thou lift up thy voice to

and the darkness comprehended it not. spring to know his place; the clouds, that abundance of waters may

1:6. There was a man sent from God 38:13. That it might take hold of the cover thee?

whose name was John. ends of the earth, that the wicked might be 38:35. Canst thou send lightnings, that

1:7. The same came for a witness to shaken out of it? they may go, and say unto thee, Here we

bear witness of the Light, that all men 38:14. It is turned as clay to the seal; are?

believe. stand they garment. through him as a and might 38:36. hath in the input wisdom Who

1:8. 38:15. the from that Light, but was was not And He parts? given hath understandwicked their light ward or who

sent to bear witness of that Light. is withholden, and the high arm shall be ing to the heart?

1:9. That was the true Light, which broken. 38:37. Who can number the clouds in

lighteth every man that cometh into the 38:16. Hast thou entered into the springs wisdom? or who can stay the bottles of

world. of the sea? or hast thou walked in the search heaven,

1:10. He was in the world, and the world of the depth? 38:38. When the dust groweth into

was made by him, and the world knew him 38:17. Have the gates of death been hardness, and the clods cleave fast together?

not. opened unto thee? or hast thou seen the 38:39. Wilt thou hunt the prey for the

1:11. He came unto his own, and his doors of the shadow of death? lion? or fill the appetite of the young lions,

not. 38:18. received thou perceived the breadth him Hast own in 38:40. their dens, they couch When

1:12. the earth? declare as received him, to of But as if thou knowest many to lie in the covert abide in wait? it all. and

is light the to he where sons gave them power become 38:19. Where the way his for the 38:41. provideth raven Who

is to that his dwelleth? darkness, believe and as for of God, them even where on his cry the food? unto God, young ones when

name: place thereof, they wander for lack of meat.

1:13. Which were born, not of blood, 38:20. That thou shouldst take it to

nor of the will of the flesh, nor of the will the bound thereof, and that thou shouldest Isaiah of man, but of God. know the paths to the house thereof?

1:14. And the Word was made flesh, 38:21. Knowest thou it, because thou 14:12. How art thou fallen from heaven,

and dwelt among us, (and we beheld his wast then born? or because the number of O Lucifer, son of the morning! how art

glory, the glory as of the only begotten of thy days is great? thou cut down to the ground, which didst

the Father,) full of grace and truth. 38:22. Hast thou entered into the treasweaken the nations!

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1940

THE BIBLE THE PEARL OF GREAT PRICE

JEWISH VERSION JOSEPHREVISIONSMITH'S MOSES ABRAHAM

Genesis Genesis 3:22 And the rib which I, the Lord 5:16 And of the rib which the

God, had taken from man, made I Gods had taken from man, formed 2:22 And the rib, which the Lord Lord God had taken from man, a woman, and brought her unto the they a woman, and brought her

God had taken from the man, made made I a woman, and brought her man. unto the man.

he a woman, and brought her unto unto the man.

the man. 2:23 And the man said: 'This is 2:29 And Adam said, This I know 3:23 And Adam said: This I 5:17 And Adam said: This was

now bone of my bones, and flesh of now is bone of my bones and flesh know now is bone of my bones, bone of my bones and flesh of my my flesh; she shall be called Womof my flesh. She shall be called and flesh of my flesh. She shall flesh; now she shall be called

an, because she was taken out of woman, because she was taken out be called Woman, because she was Woman, because she was taken out

Man.'of man. taken out of man. of man.

2:24 Therefore shall a man leave 2:30 Therefore shall a man leave 3:24 Therefore shall a man leave 5:18 Therefore shall a man leave

his father and his mother, and shall his father and his mother, and shall his father and his mother, and shall his father and his mother, and shall cleave unto his wife, and they shall cleave unto his wife; and they shall cleave unto his wife; and they shall cleave unto his wife, and they shall

be one flesh. be one flesh. be one flesh. be one flesh.

\\ 12:9. And the great dragon was cast you, before the earth shall pass away, In the Beginning"out, that old serpent, called the Devil, and Michael, mine archangel, shall sound his

Satan, which deceiveth the whole world: he trump, and then shall all the dead awake,

14:13. For thou hast said in thine heart, was cast out into the earth, and his angels for their graves shall be opened, and they

I I will exalt into heaven, will ascend my shall him. cast out with even all. were come

I sit will the stars throne of God: above 12:10. 29:27. forth—yea,the righteous a loud voice saying I heard shall be gathAnd And

the also of the congregation, upon mount is in right eternal salvation, ered heaven, the unto life; and and come hand on Now

in the of the north: sides left will strength, the of our God, and the kingdom on I be ashamed and wicked hand my

I will the heights 14:14. ascend above his Christ: the for of the the before accuser Father; power to own

of the clouds; I will be like the most High. of our brethren is cast down, which accused 29:28. Wherefore I will say unto them

shalt 14:15. thou be Yet into everlastcursed, before our brought dowj* them day and night. God from me, ye—Depart

pit. the sides of the to hell, to they 12:11. the devil for fire, prepared overcame him by the ing and his And

14: 16. They that see thee shall narrowly blood of the Lamb, and by the word of angels.

look upon thee, and consider thee, saying, their testimony; and they loved not their 29:29. And now, behold, I say unto you,

Is this the man that made the earth to lives unto the death. never at any time have I declared from

tremble, that did shake kingdoms; 12:12. Therefore rejoice, ye heavens, mine own mouth that they should return,

the 14:17. as a wilderworld That made to the in them. dwell and ye that for where I am they cannot come, for they Woe

cities thereof; that the ness, destroyed and inhabiters the earth the sea! of and of for have no power.

prisoners? the of his not house opened all devil the that you, 29:30. judgunto having But is come down remember my

14:18. the of the nations, even All kings that great wrath, the he are not as because given unto men; he ments knoweth and

all of them, lie in glory, every one in his hath but a short time. words have gone forth out of my mouth

own house. even so shall they be fulfilled, that the

14:19. But thou art cast out of thy grave Doctrine and Covenants first shall be last, and that the last shall

like an abominable branch, and as the raibe first in all things whatsoever I have ment of those that are slain, thrust through 76:12. By the power of the Spirit our created by the word of my power, which

the stones to that understandings a sword, our with and opened eyes were go down pit; trodden enlightened, of the carcase under as to see so as a feet. were and underis the29:31.powerForof bymy thespirit.power of my Spirit 14:20. Thou shalt not be joined with stand the things of God—created I them; yea, all things both spirthem in burial, because thou hast destroyed 76:13. Even those things which were itual and temporal

thy land, and slain thy people: the seed of from the beginning before the world was, 29:32. First spiritual, secondly temporevildoers shall never be renowned. which were ordained of the Father, through al, which is the beginning of my work; and

14:21. Prepare slaughter for his chilhis Only Begotten Son, who was in the again, first temporal, and secondly spiritual,

that their for fathers; the iniquity of dren bosom is the of the Father, even from the beginwhich work last of my

rise, the land, possess not ning. they nor nor do that 29:33. Speaking unto you you may

cities. fill the the face of world with naturally myself unto understand; but my

I rise will them, 14:22. against For up but end, neither beginning; have works no

testiafter the 76:22. now, And many off hosts, saith cut the of from and Lord it is that unto undergiven ye you may this of him, given been monies which have son, the remnant, name, Babylon and and it of and stand, asked because ye have me is all, last of give the testimony, which we saith the Lord. nephew, and are agreed.

lives! of him: he That

I verily 29:34. unto say Wherefore, you the 76:23. him, even For on saw Luke we spiritual, all things are that and unto me voice the right of heard and hand God; we

I returned at given the 10:17. time seventy again unto not a any have you And is that the bearing Begotten record he Only the neither devils Lord, are temporal; joy, saying, even man, which with was any law

of the Father of neither children the your through nor subject name. us unto thy men; Adam, him, 76:24. him, through and That by

I I father, said created. them, be10:18. unto he And whom created, the are of him, worlds and were and

fall I that lightning unto 29:35. as heaven. gave him from Behold, held he Satan begotten thereof inhabitants are the and

I I himself; agent give should 10:19. unto gave be an Behold, unto power and you daughters sons unto and God. scorpions, temporal but to tread serpents commandment, over unto no on and and him

this also, bear 76:25. and saw we And I all the for him, the unto of nothing and enemy: gave commandment power my in that of record, angel an was God who spiritual; not are they are shall hurt you. means any commandments by rethe in of presence authority God, who neither this carnal in rejoice nor temporal, 10:20. natural nor Notwithstanding

the Begotten belled against Son Only whom spirits sensual. subject are that the unto you; not,

in the the loved Father bosom and was who it to that rejoice, are pass rather 29:36. but Adam, because your names came And thrust the Father, from the of was down the of behold, the being in tempted written heaven. devil—for, the of presence Son, and God for rebelled before devil he Adam, was for called Perdition, 76:26. was And Revelation honor, thine saying, against me, Give me Lucifer, the over heavens him—-he wept was of is third part also a power; and which in my 12:7. heaven: there war was And the of morning. a son from of the he hosts turned heaven away the his against angels fought and Michael lo, is beheld, 76:27. he and And we their of agency; because his me fought the and dragon dragon; and is of the fallen! fallen, morning! a son even thrust and down, 29:37. they were And angels,

12:8. And prevailed not; neither was thus came the devil and his angels;

their place found any more in heaven. 29:26. But, behold, verily I say unto (Concluded on page 564)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1940

\\ // laws, and set times shall be revealed in receiveth not the light is under condemIn the Beginning the days of the dispensation of the fulness nation.

( Concluded from page 563 of 121:32.times According to that which was are93:33.eternal,Forandmanspiritis spirit.and element,The elementsinsepthe arably in the the of receive of joy; connected, a fulness midst Council of

is 29:38. behold, there a place ordained And, this all of 93:34. other before separated, cangods Eternal when And God man for prepared the beginning, them from receive reserved that not should of joy. unto a fulness was, world be

is hell. place which thereof, the the finishing end and when 93:35. elements are the tabernacle The

shall into his enter every is eternal presof man the yea, tabernacle God; of God, man 121:29. All thrones prindominions, and rest. his into immortal is ence and temples; even temple and whatsoever cipalities shall powers, and revealed be and

defiled, shall destroy that temple. God forth set valiupon have endured all who

antly for the Gospel of Jesus Christ. 8:12. Behold, it is I that have spoken 93:36. The glory of God is intelligence,

121:30. And also, if there be bounds it; and I am the same that spake unto you or, in other words, light and truth.

set to the heavens or to the seas, or to the from the beginning. Amen. 93:37, Light and truth forsake that evil

dry land, or to the sun, moon, or stars one.

121:31. All the their times of revoluspirit 93:38. of innoEvery was man I all old that 22:1. Behold, unto say you tions, all the appointed days, months, in cent the beginning; rehaving and God I to and covenants be have done caused away

all years, the their of and days, days fall, the from deemed became man men is this this thing; a in and and an new

all months, years, their glories, and and in again, their infant state, before innocent that everlasting covenant, even which was from the beginning. God.

61:14. Behold, I, the Lord, in the beginning blessed the waters; but in the last

days, by the mouth of my servant John,

I cursed the waters.

61:15. Wherefore, the days will come

that no flesh shall be safe upon the waters.

61:16. And it shall be said in days to

the waters, but he that is of Zion upon in heart.so l& uprightcome that none is able to go up to the land

61:17. And, as I, the Lord, in the beginning cursed the land, even so in the

last days have I blessed it, in its time, for the use of my saints, that they may partake the fatness thereof.

78:16. Who hath appointed Michael

your prince, and established his feet, and set him upon high, and given unto him the keys of salvation under the counsel and of the direction One, Holy who is without SIZES life. of beginning of days or end

Tabs on large Regular little Size, plus a 93:6.IIS record bore and saw And John sparkling flavor of pieces bring money, CANAPES—A

Potcolorful California glory, fulness of the of fulness the and my... lift to appetites supper tery. Size conGiant is hereafter of revealed. to record John's be

salad plate cup, I record, 93:7. saying: bore he And natural or well saucer as as oceanIIS COCKTAILS—the

as his glory, more twice that than in beginthe he saw was... flavor the of Giant King Crab No tains Soap. Par much the ning, before was; world

in the 93:8. Therefore, beginning theIIS refreshing, satisfying SALADS—a for the even was, he was Word, Word... sea tang the of deep

the of salvation messenger Dish Ring Pan light the 93:9. of and The Redeemer.. tender DISHES. PREPAREDW truth, Spirit the the of world; came who juicy leg segments that with invitinto the world, the Clothes "White"because world was made h Grayish ing savor helpings". of "second life in him, the of and him was by men

and the light of men. When You UseFOR CRABMEAT DISHES AT THEIR BEST men93:10.were Themadeworldsby him;wereallmadethingsby werehim;

Insist on this label at made by him, and through him, and of him.

your grocers'today... 93:21. And now, verily I say unto you, PAR iSOAP

I was in the beginning with the Father, and That's because Par contains PYRO am the Firstborn.... the safe ingredient that prevents formation of soap curds and

free rinse Clothes and scum. in also beginning the 93:23. were Ye

clear; there's the around no ring is Spirit, that the Father; even with which

dish or tub use you pan when... truth; Spirit of the

is Par; job every washing and

done much more easily and quick93:29. Man was also in the beginning ly... as well as better. Par conwith God. Intelligence, or the light of truth, tains glycerine, too. the hand lowas not created or made, neither indeed tion ingredient. So... for white

can be. clothes instead of gray... for

93:30. All truth is independent in that white hands instead of red...

sphere in which God has placed it, to act insist on Par Soap! THREE DIAMONDS for itself, as all intelligence also; otherwise

BRAND FANCY there93:31.is no Behold,existence.here is the agency of At The Grocers In

of here is the condemnation man, and that beginbecause which was from the is plainly manifest CRABMEAT ning man; Your Neighborhood unto them, and Whose Customers Come First!

the light. they receive not

93:32. And every man whose spirit

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 194 % "up A Safeway Farm Reporter Interview [ of interest to Utah Farmers 1

Joe Hari has six in his family—two boys, two girls, Mrs.

Hart and himself. He wants to make as good a living as he

can manage for this big family. Also he wants his boys to

have a practical knowhow about farming in case it turns out that they want to be farmers themselves. So Joe Hart

has planned and laid out, at Modesto, California, a "family "fesMi* size"farm where members of the family can do most all the work. Only at harvest is extra help employed. For several

years Mr. Hart has been head of the dairy department of

the California Farm Bureau. He okehed this interview set

up in type just as you read it here

All the Hart cows are purebred or high-; dairy farm

test grade Jerseys. The herd averages

around 60—35 mature cows and 25 heifers.

75 gallons, is about milk productionDaily milk,all is sold for market of which Grade "family size"

A, to a local distributor.

crops in feed acres about 45 have "We way hay,"Joe Hart still buy somebut we told He planned it that pasme. "In summer we use permanent

clover,tures as much as possible—Ladino for economy in operation,

feed grass. Winters orchardrye and we

plus silage. coursealfalfa Of hay we also and to give his boys a trade

feed concentrates. County cow testing astifically—moresociation recordsforenablethe usgoodto feedproducers,scienless for the poorer ones"

>::::+?.;-:-:-:-:->;:: -:>:>-::::::>:

Compactly grouped are the Hart milking shed, cooling room and feeding barn. Manure storage pits below the

barns permit return of all manure to the land—a plan

that pays him worthwhile dividends, Joe Hart says

Bob Hart, eldest son of the Harts, is already an experienced dairyman at 18. He had the grand champion

cow (shown above) in the Modesto Chapter of Future

Farmers last year. Now in Junior College, Bob Hart

plans on attending the College of Agriculture of the

University of California

The steady advertising Safeway stores give milk, at no cost to producers, wins warm approval from Joe Hart.

"Selling support like Safeway provides for dairy products gives us producers real help in licking oversupply problems,"he pointed out to me. "It's one of

the most important factors in helping to get our industry on an even keel.

"Dairying is a yearround industry. It can keep a

lot of people at work in this country. Cows must be

milked every day, seven days in the week, so the public should be reminded regularly to use milk and other dairy products for health. Safeway's cooperation on

the selling end increases my confidence in the future of dairying."The Safeway Farm Reporter

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1940

Smoky Summer [Continued from page 528)

he felt dizzy and his mouth tasted horrible, he pretended to like the cigarette.

Ihe days wore on. Bill

was accepting more and more of his friends'smokes.

Finally the day came when he bought his first package. From then

on they stopped kidding him. Soon

his smoking was taken as a matter of course.

Eggs are rich in essential food elements and The month approached its close should represent an important part of the family's and Bill began making plans for daily diet. Advanced methods of poultry feeding leaving. The "U"opened on the

and management have made "Milk White"Eggs twentieth and he wanted to quit in among the finest in the world. time to spend a few days with his

UTAH POULTRY PRODUCERS COOP ASSOCIATION folkscollege.before starting his first year of

"Milk White"Eggs are used in all M. I. A. Cooking Schools "Well, I'm glad to hear you're

going to college, Bill,"commented

Jerry Larson, the timekeeper, as he handed him his check for his final month's work.

"How you figure on going home?"

asked Larson.

"I'd figured on hitching it,"anSchool Day Appetites swered Bill, with a laugh, for he was saving all he could for college.

need the substantial energybuilding "Let's see, you live in Heston, don't you?"and noting Bill's nod,

to "I've got up on. go Jerry went

it's right for the food values of Royal Bread.... north and company

of plenty Children bodybuilding need food substances to replace Like a ride?"on my way. the they use in energy classroom playground. and Bread Royal

"I'll Bill quickly would,"say I supplies those food elements delicious, in needed easilydigested form. Try it. responded.

Ten minutes later they were humming along the highway.

"You know,"spoke up Jerry after a short pause, "I've taken quite an m interest in you, Bill. You see, I'm FINE from the East and we think nothing

at all of the fact that a good share of the women and most of the men Mead ii back there smoke. Most of them do plSAk.

EVERY DAY AT YOUR GROCER'S it, so no one pays much attention.

I smoke, "Well, too,"laughed CO., Salt Lake ROYAL BAKING and Ogden noting Bill's embarrassment, Jerry, American 100% Homeowned—100%

"but I remember an incident that impressed me very much. One day

I was driving out of Buffalo. I

picked up a young fellow. He

turned out to be a missionary from

WEDDING INVITATIONS out West here, a Mormon missionto get I offered him a smoke this and ANNOUNCEMENTS—IN USE FOR OVER FIFTY YEARS ary.the conversation but going

100 for $4.50 Aids in treatment of Canker, simple young fellow refused—courteous

White paneled invitations with two ensore throat and other minor mouth enough, though."

Bill, interruptedvelopes; choice of Script "Oh,""but Moror Old English and throat irritations.Printing 24 Service Hour don't then, smoke!"mons And

Postage prepaid when remittance accompanies rather lamely, "Well, not many,

told me,"agreed "That's what heorderHOVEY anyway."

Bill looking, thought, so PRESS 436 East"s2nd So.Canker—at Salt LakeRemedyCity, Utah Jerry, DANCE PROGRAMS—TICKETS—INVITATIONS

25 East No. Temple—Salt Lake City—Was. 9672 rather strangely at him.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1940

Smoky Summer "Anyway, to keep the story go- J?(ti&taCoinUtout

ing, this young missionary impressed TOMORROW'S ANOTHER me very much—so much, in fact, MILKING DAY"

that I almost believed him."

"But you should have believed 1,//, SAYS ELSIE him,"broke in Bill stoutly, instantly \ a // y Borden's Glamour Cow feeling guilty.

"I'm beginning to believe so, too,"agreed Jerry. "You see, when the

company came out West on this job is to of "Early just one Bed"to attention special I decided to pay rules for which cows the many their claims, andthese and Mormons for Borden's, milk produce the funny thing is that not many of Other rules include: "Cleanf

these people do smoke or drink and quarters,""balanced rations,"it does me good to see it. Of course "frequent inspections."

there are some...."And Borden's follows through

But at this point Bill's thoughts at every step of the processes of strayed. The last few minutes he evaporation and irradiation.

had been taking an inventory, an Maybe that's why most people inventory of Bill Clark. What he reach for that fine Borden label

found was not too pleasant. when buying evaporated niilkt

"Well, as I was saying,"conBorden's St. Charles.

tinued Jerry, "this missionary told How about you, too?

me about a code of these Mormons.

He called it the Word of Wisdom. A if it's oonfowf t

Utah disapstrongly they a nutshell,In IT'S GOT TO BE GOOD drinking, and Productprove smoking and they practice it where other churches only preach it. It's a

darned fine thing. I sometimes

wish I felt like they do. I'd be better

off, I know.""Yes, he would,"thought Bill, J/uwriL S&wkfi—PLUS!

suddenly would I.""and so Then he Go and return in one day aloud. the first Foralmost laughed

light—thistime he sawsilly,the pointlesshabit in drawingits true by AIRCONDITIONED Bus/

in of a lungful of smoke and the surprisingly inexeasy T'S and J it of and partblowing visit cities to nearby pensive by out—yes,in money, paying Pacific daily Frequent bus. Union dearly—payingof suit to your are schedules timed enin cleanliness, and worse,and,

In cases you convenience. many

selfpower, physicalergy, and and day. the return same go and can

give you Airconditioned coachesmastery. to Fares less for cost travel comfort greater After a moment Jerry looked over car. CITY Call LAKE your your than driving SALT

at Bill and asked, "Have a smoke, local agent for information. from

Bill?"Provo $.90

With a simple dignity that belied FillmoreNephi 2.901.70

the surging feeling of exultation Cedar City 5.03

within him, Bill's reply came, "No, thanks, I've quit smoking—for union pacific stagesgood!"

THE COOK'S CORNER

(Concluded from page 549) Cream Peach Pie

1 package vanilla pudding 2 cups milk *Ki W$&&&&2''2 cups fresh sliced peaches t+++***i whipping AND NEW that PC DC SOMETHINGdifferent for cream Mlli AiA 1 pie shell flCUrnbtnoEl... PROGRAM! ASSEMBLY MAIN WE OEEER COMPLETE AUSTRALIA, TRIP on Mutual Take A Your TO A vanilla the to of milk pudcup Add y2 Fiji Zealand Hawaii, Samoa, Via and New SERVICE ENGRAVING rest the of until smooth,ding and mix add

to Portraits Largest the Missionary From MOVIES THE LATEST COLORED AND SOUND fire stir boiling until the milk, the over and Catalogues Hour's Unique One Entertainment—Nominal is slightly. reached. point Cool Pour Attention Prompt Mail Given Orders Charge

shell cool. pie into Before baked and of Office "Era"care Apply ALWARD BEN CO. ENGRAVING UTAH slicedserving top with cover peaches and Salt City City, Lake Salt St. Utah Lake 113 Regent

sweetened whipped cream.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1940

It MeanThe Inspired Revision commitmentProphet Josephto thatSmith.effect from the What Does

Of The Bible Further Suggested Readings To Be Spiritual?

( Concluded from page 537) The following shorter articles are {Continued from page 538) of interest:

in "wrought""mighty change"was Smith's Fielding Smith, Joseph "Joseph Bible. inthe the Prophet made of of 'Translation'the Scriptures,"consequence that Improve'a as them, and "plain precious"and mostMany 17:590. merit Era, this more they "change,"no "hadfacts for the restored have been the Bible "Is TransWidtsoe, A. John evil."disposition (Mosiah to dobenefit lated of EviCorrectly?"Era, acImprovement man. cannot But we the of out purging 5:2.) This Reconciliations, 43:161. dences and fullycept every passage which Jothe evil""disposition to through the do Early Books 'Are Widtsoe, A. John his forseph did change, Smith not Historically Correct?"Bible the of Impurifying power transforming anddiscourses disclose the fact that 575. 573, 42:545, Era, provement is core the very of the Ghost Holy arethere Bailey, Inspired yet mistranslations A. Ver- "The many J. W. its ethical life asin spiritual the of sion,"of the Saints'Herald, (Organ Thein Bible. missing and words the from

inthis marvelous pects. Moreover, 6, 1937. Reorganized February Church), of the mostPerhaps unchanged Scriptures,"S. Burgess, is A. Holy greatest "The the transformation ner

all rightpassages are as they are 1934. 23, Saints'Herald, October The purificain emancipation, fact the

now, but we do not have a positive (The End) tion, and ennoblement of mankind.

It was the light of this deep truth that led Paul, who learned the meaning of the spiritual life in the labSpirit, the of to speak of the oratory Live More LeisurelyfadUucalkf. have and women noble men who

been sanctified by the power of the

Today, there are scores of Electric Holy Ghost, as "new creatures."

(Galatians 6:15.)

Servants available for every home Paul puts the two extremes of huwhich enable you to live more man life in contrast when he speaks of the lower group as "carnally leisurely and which can be purminded"and characterizes those on chased at the lowest prices ever. the higher level as "spiritually

minded."This is perhaps the most

Truly, the only way you can get your significant classification of mankind full share of Better Living is to make race.to be foundThere inarethemanyliteraturedistinctofraces,the

more use of CHEAP ELECTRICITY. varying in color, temperament, habits, and modes of living. There are

all degrees of intelligence, skill, and wisdom, from the Hottentot to the

Buy Electric Appliances from Your Dealer modern scientist equipped with the marvelous instruments of technology

Utah Power & Light Company with which he measures the infinitesimal atom and weighs the suns and stars dashing through space at inconceivable rates of speed. There

are all degrees of probity and the from ranging righteousness, This Delicious MILE heights depths of depravity up to the

Adds Sparkle to the Eyes oneof pureclassaltruism.that is spiritual—thoseBut there is onlywho

have been actually sensitized and and Charm to the Smile awakened to the reality of divine things by the quickening power of the Holy Ghost.

Drink milk as an aid to vibrant health. In In the light of what has been said,

Cloverleaf Milk you get the added benefit of spirituality may be defined to be the extra vitamin D which helps build and mainliveliness and holiness of soul that tain sound, even teeth and straight, strong results from being "awakened,""illuminated,""quickened,"and bones. morally transformed by the sensitizIt costs no more than ordinary milk ing and sanctifying power of the

Holy Ghost.

One who has been "illuminated,""quickened,"and morally "changed"by the virtue and power of the Holy

Ghost, has been "born of the Spirit."LLoverleaf And one who has been born of the

HOME OF FINE DAIRY PRODUCTS Spirit is spiritual. Spirituality in this

true sense of the term exists only in

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1940

isWhat Does It Mean actualperfectionpartnershipand ennoblementwith Godofinmanthe thefyinghighestpowertaskof ofthetrueHolyreligionSpiritand

To Be Spiritual? kind. its finest contribution to the civilIf you turn a ray of light through ization of mankind.

the true Church. Joseph Smith had a prism, all the radiant colors of the The cardinal mark of spirituality

in mind this great truth pertaining rainbow will be reflected in resplenis an intense "thirst for righteousto the spiritual life, when he condent glory. If you turn the white ness"that sends the soul in eager

versed with Martin Van Buren about light of the Holy Spirit through a quest of the deep things of eternal the difference between the Latterpurified human soul, all the elements truth, the beautiful things of moral day Saints and other religious peoof moral greatness and all the graces purity, and the noble things of goodple. When President Van Buren of spiritual grandeur will be reflectness and Godliness. Out of this

asked the Prophet about this difed in a character of transcendent exalting quest comes the purest fruitference, the Prophet promptly renobility. age of the finest life—"Love, joy,

plied, "We have the gift of the Holy This spiritualization of life peace, gentleness, goodness, and

Ghost."through the quickening and sanctifaith."(Gal. 5:22.)

A vital incident in the life of the late Lorenzo Snow furnishes a TO REMIND YOU of spirclassical modern illustration itual rebirth and the resultant attainOF ment of spirituality. The fourth

President of the Church tells us that. his baptism he deteraftershortly Qynp&donL (DatQA for a testimony seekmined to God

of the truth. According to his ac- B. Y. U.

to a secludedcount, he repaired the habit of AUTUMN QUARTER REGISTRATION he was inspot where secretly communing with God. He September 20, 21, 23

tells us that while he prayed, "the

Spirit of God descended upon him Expanded facilities permit the University to offer 1688 courses and filled him from the crown of in 38 departments of instruction. The goal is wellbalanced trainhis head to the soles of his feet."ing leading to economic competency and spiritual strength.To quote his own words:

"No language can describe the No Out of State Fees almost instantaneous transition from a dense cloud of mental spiritual darkness into a refulgence of light BRIGHAM YOIMG UNIVERSITYand knowledge."

In June, 1837, Charles Dickens Provo, Utah paid a visit to a Mormon emigrant "SCHOLARSHIP - SPIRITUALITY - CHARACTER"ship, the Amazon, about to leave for

America. The eight hundred new

converts to a new faith on deck whetted his curiosity. He went

aboard to sneer and left with praises. Consumers These Days

The unusual orderliness, dignity, are actively wanting to know friendliness, and calm serenity of what they really get for their these emigrants led the noted writer money. The certified Conoco

lives their had conclusion that to the easily gives MileDial a you FREE strange, transformed some bybeen that plain report mile of every ennobling influence. He said of the your own car and your own

circumstances, "I went over the driving can get out of Conoco it impossible feeling sideAmazon's gasoline. Bronz-z-z MILEremarkable so far some to deny that

gives Bronz-z-z you influence a remarkable produced had influences the MileDial—availbetter result which known

able missed."often have DIAL last—free,at Yourwhile Milethey influence"of "remarkable The

which Dickens speaks is the power age Merchant's of the Holy Spirit, by the inspiration Conoco station. Simof which purified souls are made ply ask him.

spiritual and receive the calm, orderly serenity of "life and peace."

Spirituality intensifies appreciation of the beautiful, deepens love for the truth, makes the heart beat in harmony with the moral forces of the world, enhances delight in the realization of high ideals, and quickens in the soul the joy of being in C0WM8W/V2ZZ

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1940

Can This Be Love? she has a good time!"he said apolo-

(Continued from page 535) if will!"Elaine as looked "She

were Marilyn's / Gone getically. little sophistishe could with a say a lot more

cated smiles and poses and all her encouragement. Instead, she turned

carefully acquired poise. Her face and began to walk swiftly toward

was red and her eyes glared as in the ballroom door. Butch, still a bit

just like buying the old days when he hid her doll bedazzled, stumbled after her, stepor pulled her sash. ping on his own feet in his efforts to

dollars at 90c each! "Well, I'll make a bargain with follow and still keep his eyes glued

you,"said Cuthbert, coolly; "I'll try to Marilyn's scintillating face.

to remember 'Marilyn'so long as "Good Friday!"thought Cuthyou stick to my name. But any more bert, incredulously, "I believe the

of that 'Bertie'stuff, and you're poor sap fell for her! Well,"he

Mamikins from now on!"comforted himself, as he piloted her

Cuthbert could have wished the about the crowded floor, "there'll be walk to the Social Hall to last all Butch to change off with. And

evening, although Mamie's society there'd better be Tubby!"he conat something was not he craved balefully all, tinued, eyeing the uncon- I TSMWONANEW feet felt feet hurt. Yes, his and his friend's of his head, over scious back

just as they as did outraged always shoulder. Marilyn's "The things

their he noble crammed dimen- I've that bird!"done for I CAS FURHACB when

sions into dancing pumps, but he But to his surprise, before he could knew, instinctively that Marilyn was search Tubby out, there was the boy,

Don't pass up this opportunity for a not a girl who would consider for a himself, draping his arm lovingly substantial saving—now—on the moment, riding to a dance in his car. around Cuthbert's shoulders and

heating plant you really want. A grinning like a Cheshire cat. Cuthsmall down payment will place a When, all too soon, they bert wondered vaguely, how Tubby

new automatic Gas furnace in your reached the hall, he paused, closed had got rid of his partner so quickly.

home. Balance on convenient his eyes, gulped, and braced him- A vicious pinch from the loving hand

terms. self visibly for the ordeal of running on his arm, brought back his wanSee How Little the'Christmasgauntlettree.'withIf shethe justglitteringlooked dering"Introducethoughtsme,withyouamug!"start. gritted

Gas Heat Really Costs a little less conspicuous! But CuthTubby, his affectionate smile unbert was to learn that Marilyn would dimmed.

Gas heat in many typical Utah sixrather be dead than inconspicuous. "Oh, you mean?"quietly Cuthbert

room homes averages less than $4 He delayed as long as possible in the reached out and knocked on a con- a month. That's because, when cloak room, though there was nothvenient window frame. This was

Gas is used for the four big jobs ing to dispose of but her light sumtoo good to be true. Dear old Tubcooking, waterheating, refrigeramer wrap. But in the entrance hall by! Coming like a lamb to the

tion and househeating—you get they had a bit of luck. They ran slaughter, without a bit of coercion!

the benefit of a progressively lowsmack into Butch and Elaine. Who said gratitude was an empty

er rate. Swallowing his windpipe, Cuthword! Quickly he stumbled through

Come in and get further facts about bert announced, loudly, "Hi, ladees the introductions before Tubby the economy of modern, carefree and gents, I wish to introduce the could change his mind, and then slipGas heat. greatest cousin in captivity, Marilyn ped away to marvel at the DamonCarroll!"like quality of his friend's love.

Having got out this grandiloquent He wandered back into the ballintroduction by sheer bravado, he room presently, still in an uplifted mood, engendered by the loyalty of NATURAL. furtively administered a warning

kick on Butch's nearest shin, as a Tubby and Butch and the unexpecthint it would be well to pretend ed request of two insignificant pleasure. members of the crowd for introduc-

"Ouch! Pleased to meetcha!"tions to the new girl. His contentgasped Butch, a look of anguish ment was shortlived. Even as he

tempering his smile of greeting. But entered the door, the floor manager

if Marilyn noticed anything odd in was loudly announcing that Miss

HEAT his salutation, she made no sign.

She turned the full battery of her smile on him, unaware, apparently, IN LOS ANGELES of any undercurrents.

brilliance The combined of eyes, Worn teeth, and jewelry, seemed to leave mmMMOUNTAIN FUEL 5th at Spring poor Butch a bit bewildered. While

Tariff from $2.50 he gazed and stammered, CuthbertSUPPLY COMPANY turned to Elaine, standing silently Recognized Utah in Headquarters Salt Lake—Ogden—Provo the on Los outer fringe Angeles of the fireworks,

V. SMITH, Director Managing

oi Salt SERVING 23 UTAH COMMUNITIES which were directed solely at Butch. CLAYTONFormerly Lake City "I'm s'posed—I-er, I sure hope

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER 1940

Can This Be Love?

Marilyn Carroll had consented to favor with a tap dance at the insistence of her friends. Miss Carroll had studied dancing under-—

the raucous voice faded out of Cuthbert's consciousness, and he stood rooted to the spot with horror.

the he left had Oh, why room? mmuiiDi might would have known MamieHe

reto disgrace him, if hemanage immmmi minute!laxed vigilance for a He

felt horribly conspicuous and unproCHECK slunk back intotected, and the CHART of the doorway.shadows He kept

the spotlight in view, however, for SYSTEM the sight of Marilyn, already posturing and posing in preparation for her dance, held his eyes with a morbid fascination.

The music started and she began her agile gyrations, a performancewhose artistic perfection was enJust what your car needs tirely wasted on at least one writhing observer. After what seemed ages,

to rest like a poised buttershe came in its September condition fly, holddaintily outspread hands ing the wide skirt, bowing and flashing her brilliant smile about the Chances are you've driven your car pretty hard during the room in acknowledgment of the thunderous applause. summer. That's why it especially needs thorough lubrication

With a hunted glance about, Cuthbert ducked his head and prenow. Specialized Lubrication is not just an ordinary slappared to creep from the scene of his

shame. A solid bank of pushing dash grease job, but the proper lubricant properly applied

people blocked his way. "Hey, introduce us, Coopy.".. "Where'd to every vital part of your car. No guesswork. Nothing

you find it!"... "Boy, can that

baby dance!"He was propelled neglected. You can depend on it.

gaily toward the corner where Marilyn, her animation even more exaggerated than before, held hilarious court.

Tubby, reluctantly handing back Drive in at the Vieo—Pep 88 sign

her program, with his scrawl refor highest quality products and peated a mere five times, again flung finest service.

a comradely arm about Cuthbert. <&-

"Those eyes!"he murmured, Stations Everywhere

watching jealously, while later comin Utah and Idaho ers squabbled over the precious program.

"Don't worry, they won't roll clear out; they never have!"said Cuthbert,consolingly. ATTEMTIOW! All Property Owners! BE INDEPENDENT

Vocation so Profitable No Other is destructive our country's most one of ever see a smile FIRE such "Did you is the lives often forces. of property Loss and dreamily,before?"asked, ENROLL Tubby NOW for disaster of benegligence. wait price Why

merely a rhetorical question, but forethe bestyou defense.prepare? Preparedness is positively For a Complete Course at the

Cuthbert obligingly agreed, "Not all at once!"Quish School of Beauty Culture RED COMET gold!""Those the Best in. The West offers protection against fire. curls—pure you unexcelled

to be pure cotton!""Used S. This 336340 equipment Main, SCIENTIFIC, UPis MODERN, American Blag.,

Tubby, waking from his enchantTO-DATE, and ECONOMICAL to install. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

ed revery, caught this last remark Write at once For Further Information

Incorporated RED COMET or Catalog Call turned unmiti- a glance of suchand 767 Red Comet 7560 or Building Wasatch Littleton, Colorado scofthatgated Cuthbert, horror on

Fill in This fer made haste to fade out of the Coupon picture. J. V. NELSON

403 North Ninth West {Concluded on page 572) Salt Lake City, Utah Phone 4-0213 ) a

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1940

THE ADVERTISERS CAN THIS BE LOVE?

and Where You Will Find Their Messages ( Concluded from page 571 "I said you've got to be an awfully

Cuthbert. I like to dancer, Alexandria Hotel 570 "Well, here I am, with time to good 567 Alward, Ben with you!"dance

surprised. he thought, He 575 burn!"Hotel Ambassador "You do!"To his surprise, Cuthdeflated. felt singularly Steamship American President The ordeal

Lines 519 of launching Marilyn into society, bert felt highly gratified at this comgirls Beneficial Insurance pliment. Life Comsupposed had He all rallied his courhe for which had Cover Back pany of with from a sense him danced to taken age, have combeen seemed St. Evaporated Charles Borden's perdid as them; duty, with or he 567 his of pletely out hands. Milk

for exercise, desire a haps or to help Brigham Young University 569 547 Through a swarm of eager swains fill their certainly programs, not Centre Theater up

Church's Grape Juice 520 he glimpsed his cousin, curls tossing, for any more personal reason. Well,

rolling, Dairy Cloverleaf putting 568 eyes a tooth on disHelen always had been a funny kid. Continental Oil and Refining driven a denplay have that would

569 glanced her upmet and Company down He tist's envy. with model Above mad 546 Deseret Company Book serious raised, eyes. Friday, Good rhyththe through the clamor and 573 Deseret Gym rolldid eyes! she have pretty No 574 Press Deseret high the of the News music, beat mic came

here! tossing ing of these Milling No and ComGrain Globe tinkle of the her laughter gay and

548 curls! bet pany smooth, he brown Why, voice. of excited staccato her happy, 566 Hall's Canker Remedy die get sooner than Helen would it that Yes, very evident Cuthwas - 566 Press Hovey exhibition herof and an make Inc. Co., International Harvester bert's services no out grudging were

KSL InsideInside FrontBack CoverCover longer needed. selfcouldlikecertainlyMamie trusthad, himselftonight! outA withguy

520 Glass Kerr Co her, without being afraid she'd em575 College S. Business L. D.

Landes Tractor & Equipment Aimlessly, he stared barrass him to death!

518 Company his presently eyes about, came and of wellbeing sense A wonderful Hotel Lankershim in blue, seated figure 516 to a little rest on soul. Cuthbert's to permeate began.518 Straus Levi

M. D. Sanitary Napkins 549 quietly on the far side of the room. He was at peace with all the world.

M. D. Tissue 549 Helen Ward! Why, how come A warm, enveloping friendliness for

of 520 School Music McCune it sitting alone? Well, Helen was his heart, alswelled all mankind

Fuel Supply Company..570 Mountain with to dance do any harm point. most to the bursting Institute 516 wouldn't American North

Ogden School of Beauty Culture..516 the little thing. She was looking at Mamie, flitting past with Tubby,

564 Par Soap expected probably she him now; Bertie!""Hi, airy hand, an it. waved

Ltd. 513 Purex Company just kind thought he had would He

Biscuit 549 Purity Company "Hiyah, Cuthbert Mamikins!"strain after the of rest, of Mamie's of 571 Beauty School Quish rancor. but answered, without Poor seen debut. now, him But Helen had Fire Extinguisher Comet Red

Company 571 no chance of backing out. Oh, he old Mamie! She couldn't help being

Royal Baking Company 566 supposed one dance wouldn't hurt like she was! Some liked jitterbugs.

Inc Stores 565 Safeway instance. for sap The poor of Tubby, plenty anybody. Helen done had StarKist 517 Tuna completely overboard. But seemed little old things for him. a good Just Sugarhouse and HardLumber

sir! C. Carroll! not him! Not No 516 like ware Company was, scout, she no more Mamie

dish! Three Crab just his Diamonds Meat Jitterbugs not were if to didn't the 564 than belong she same

Pacific Stages 567 Union fellike a girl with Helen, a Now, in certainly race. was no mood He Engraving 567 Utah Company

at! he where low knew was if to dance, for dancing, but he had Fire Insurance Co...573 Utah Home

Utah Oil and Refining Company..571 Helen would be just about the least He glanced down again to make

Producers'Poultry Utah Cooperfind. could partner he....566 objectionable ative Assn

the Helen and Utah Light Company....568 Power end—andabsolutelyexperiencedsure her considerableeyes did not difroll He reached &

Washburn & Condon Company..572 of his philosophizing at the same moficulty in looking away. Instead, he

Z. C. M. I 515 ment. She looked up with her clear, seemed to fall deep, deep into their

straightforward smile, and Cuthleaf-brown depths, and sink without bert's disillusioned countenance a struggle.

brightened in response. Like one coming up for air, a moLater, dancing, he was surprised ment later—or was it an hour?—he

to discover he was actually enjoying looked about, bewildered. Who was

himself. A strange admission for that couple coming toward them?

a confirmed womanhater! Well, he The guy sure looked a sap. Why

attitude to it this spineless defended it was—PRODUCERS

fulllength "It's himself, kinda restful. She was—it couldn't—yes,mirror! That slim

SALES AGENTS hasn't got a line. You don't have blueclad figure and trusting,little,upto be wisecracking back all the raised face belonged to Helen Ward!

time!"That sap was C. Carroll, in person!

So absorbed was he in this deep And his face wore the same fatuous

UNION STOCK YARDS analysis that Helen had to speak expression he had so often deplored twice before he heard her. and dreaded on that of old Tubby!

Los Artqeles Stockton "Hey?"Cuthbert stumbled, as al- "Why, Good Friday!"thought

So. San Francisco ways 'when his partner essayed conCuthbert, appalled, "Am I—is this

versation. "What say?"can I really be falling in love!"

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1940

The Church Moves On (Continued from page 543) TheShown in this photo are members of the M. I. A. Deseret

mission board: First row,

left to right: Ann Breum,

first counselor; Inger Fredericksen, secretary; Orson B.

West, mission leader; Lis Jurgensen, second counselor. Back

to right: row, left William

Pedersen, second Orum assistIMS to promote ant; Ellen Christensen, president; Kaiser, Edmund super- 6{ health and happiintendent; Andersen, Julius

first assistant; Svend Jurgenness, to increase efficiensecretary. sen,

cy/ to build clean, strong bodies, b y providing this photo Shown in presidents of all the mission are scientific exercise and districts, an unusual gathering: Left to right: Aksel healthful recreation unMathiesen, Odense District;

Thorvald Jensen, Aarhus District; Marius Lovendahl, Esder wholesome conditions,

District; bjerg Orson B. West, wise supervision and exof mission; in charge Henry

Lojberg, Aalborg District; pert instruction. Enok Andersen, Copenhagen

District.

CLASSESDENMARK CARRIES ON SUNDAY SCHOOL WINS

WITH HISTORICAL FLOATCrom Orson B. West, in charge of GAMES

affairs in the Danish Mission, come "P\epicting the first Latterday Saint two pictures which are the best eviSunday School in the West, thedence that members of the Church in A. B. Ballantyne home, the Deseret SWIMMING

Denmark are faithfully devoting their Sunday School Union was acclaimed energies to the work that has come to winner of the grand prize for its float The Deseret Gymnasium rest on their shoulders. entry in the Salt Lake Pioneer Day

Taken during the mission M. I. A. parade.

convention held, in spite of difficulties, Floats were entered by the general in Copenhagen, June 22 and 23, the boards of all Church auxiliaries, the pictures have the added interest which Primary entry winning recognition for time and distance and unusual situation beauty and the Relief Society float for give them. originality of idea. | JAiL mrUL tyoJUL

ST. GEORGE TEMPLE RELEASED MISSIONARIES

CONDUCTS YOUNG PAY TRADITIONAL CALL

PEOPLE'S DAY "Returning from faithful service in

HThree hundred people, all of them various mission fields of the under fortyfive years of age, parChurch, several score young men and ticipated in special evening sessions women called at the Church Office conducted July 9 as part of 'Young Building during July to make a pertheir sonal report of labors. ThePeople's St. Day"at the George Temtra- I INSURANCE

visit ditional to includes headquartersple. It required sessions to actwo

the "Missionaries Released"the their signingcommodate young people and register being interviewed and by a Protect what you have inviresponded to thepartners who tation of President Harold S. Snow and member of the Council of the Twelve. by insuring it. Buy

the stake genealogical board, planners All missionaries released during July sound insurance. Let

yet reported. not followhave Theof the event. of the Thirtytwo young

ing "Roll Call"accounts for those who us explain the value ofpeople at services, were officiators the at which 268 endowments were perhave: a policy in the Utah

formed. Plans are to repeat the faithFrom the Argentine Mission: H. Darrel Home Fire Insurance

promoting Taylor, experience again. (RepottMesa, Arizona; George A. Brinton Company. Salt Lake.ed by Walter A. Pace, Stake Representative of Genealogical Committee.) Brazilian Mission: Lucius L. Gardner,

Jr., Mesa, Arizona; Richard G. Grismore,

July 29, 1940 City;Salt LakeReedCity;R. Madsen,Ralph H.Rigby,Jones, Idaho.Salt Lake

California Mission: Elizabeth M. WilMrs. Elizabeth Bird Howell, 94, of liams, Salt Lake; Norris L. Bradfield, Sigurd, UTAH HOME FIRE j

Preston, Idaho, only living survivor of B. Utah; Petersen, Melvin Salt Lake;

i L. Morrillthe Morrill, colonist Tridell, Mrs. and ship Utah; Mormon Brooklyn, Alton INSURANCE CO.

Porter, Doris Green River, Utah; arrivedwhich Francisco at San on July Mrs. MilHeber J. Grant & Co. Shafer, dred G. California. Sacramento,31, 1846, traveled airplane to by San

Mission: Canadian H. AnderRaymond General Agents toFrancisco take part in services comClearfield, Utah; Lyle M. Christensen, ship'smemorating the arrival. Salt Lake City, Utah Falls, (See son,Idaho Idaho.

Improvement Era for Auqust, 1940, p. Central States: J. Lorenzo Smith, Snow479.) (Concluded on page 575).,. IMiL.. i

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1940

SOLUTION OF AUGUST PUZZLE SCRIPTURAL CROSSWORD PUZZLE

US BE LET CONTENT u. R w s E N is G B T godliness with "But gain. great nothing brought contentment For we & $

it this world, is certain out. nothing carry can and having food And s V E into A L T E A A T K AA

let 8. and raiment 7, therewith 6:6, us be 1 Tim. content."—we R A E L A N A R N T B u *

1 R L H E D K $ N%

i E E A 8p B L u B A & R S O E V N A B SB %$ X* 1 H N N H E A T D AA>A"i A s E s E E A E E $$ M p $ T> S o U S A B R Av'AX M 8?

! T* T F P E W?St& & 1

A R B A c E s S N "A E & -R s N E E E A f o R r T M H 1 AS AX H M 1 & S fe T A NO. 4-1

gngrave ana

[Printed ACROSS 1 "and is profitable... doctrine"32 "I said in my..."

4 "Fight... good fight of faith"34 State; note

6 "Let brotherly... continue"35 "he... proud, knowing nothing

10 "To..., my dearly beloved son"37 "they have erred from... faith

ii "To..., mine own son after the 38 "There shall be a... of Jesse"

common faith"40 "Neither is there salvation in any Weddl 12 Masculine name 13 River of Germany 42 Sun god

point (Dial. Eng.) 16 Lanky 46 Compass

. in the faith"foot as of "lightji>nnouncemenld 1517 "profane and... wives'fables"44 "that... both do and will do"a wild..."(pi.) 47 my own

19 Weight 49 "and their into pruning hooks"20 "and destitute... the truth"52 Savory meat jelly

Make your selection 2122 Hawaiian"Thy... lavaperish with thee"5554 "worthyImplement... all honour"

..no. things"man"from our approved 2325 MasculineStains name 5657 "who"To speakquickeneth... of

27 "he shall suffer..."

styles. A variety of 2-8 Roman money Our Text from Timothy is 1, 4, 6

30 Priority, a prefix 20, 21, 35, 37, 38, 55, 56, and 57 correct papers and 31 Masculine nickname combined type designs, at modDOWN erate prices. 1 "andworkthe of. what.. shallsorttryit everyis"man's 2826 "heTronaplanteth an..., and the rair.

2 Portentous doth nourish it"3 The striped bass 29 Compass point that Supposing 4 Genus of trees 33

Call or Write Specific gravity 5 Hush instrument 36

Island in 6 Long crownland Europe 39 Alpine ofne

I the... thing 7 do"Near "but this ear, a combining form 40

8 A Latin version of the Scriptures 41 Letter

Jueseret flews made by Jerome 43 "endure hardness,... a good sol-

9 First in order of the apocryphal dier of Jesus Christ"

LPress... 10 Earthkin;books ina thetellerEnglish(anag.Bible 4548 NothingCompass point

shall all the... of the author 50 American 29 Richards Street 11 "then

rejoice""... the 51 wood son of Abdiel, the son

Salt Lake City 1418 RepetitionAge of a word or phrase; 52 Continentof Guni"

—>"< >n< >n< >n< >n< >n< \n< >n< >nr24 Kindcopyof elmsrock;(anag.)toe oil (anag.) 53 The last Psalm

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1940

The Church Moves On Divers,Lake—alsoSaltservedLake; inGrantWestA. GermanBrown, MisSalt

Woodruff, Cal H. Cornia, (Concluded from page 573) sion; Utah; J. Tomorrows Success Utah. Houston, Jr., Panguitch, Frank

flake, Arizona; Edward C. Koelliker, Salt Northern States: Ora Steed, Salt Lake;

Lake; Grant R. Holt, Provo, Utah—also Elmo Anderson, Los Angeles; Joseph H.

served in British Mission. Wallace, Murray, Utah.

East Central States: Leo D. Sanders, South African Mission: Robert S. KirkSalt Garland, Utah; ham, Max V. Shurtliff, Todays Preparation!Salt Lake; Salt Lake. WilliamKaysville,Lake—alsoUtah;servedSpencerin BritishW. Clawson,Mission; D. Wiscomb,

L. Burley, Idaho;Herbert Tracy, A. Jacob

States: Carter, IdaSouthern Eldon V. in NethJensen, served Marion, Utah—also Idaho; McLachlan, William ho i N.erlands Mission; Myrtle Wadsworth, Joy in Salt Swiss served Falls,Lake—alsoPanaca, Nevada.

Kunkel, Holladay, Robert Utah—alsoMission; States: Clayson, Eastern H.

in Mission; served William German West in Fork, servedAmerican Utah—alsoJoseph Orderville, Bolander, served C. Utah—alsoBritish Salt Mission; Clay, Lake G. James

in Mission. DanishCity.

Hawaiian Mission: Marjorie D. Collins, Texas Mission: Mildred Brown, Ogden,

Ogden, Utah; George A. Collins, Ogden, Utah;.Georgia Olson, Fairview, Utah;

Utah. Marvin A. Mangum, Cannonville, Utah;

Japanese Mission: Wilford B. Mitchell, Vaughn S. Crane, Herriman, Utah; Don C.

Salt Lake; Robert W. Clayton, Salt Lake Wilson, Panguitch, Utah; Guy O. Woodalso served in Samoan Mission; Merrill Bidward, Franklin, Idaho.

dulph, Provo, Utah. Western States: Richard W. Bone, ProNew Zealand Mission: A. Harper Walvo, Utah; Mildred L. Hansen, Tabor, Canlace, Salt Lake; H. A. Lambert, Salt Lake. ada; Evva Marjorie Reese, Provo, Utah;

North Central States: Virginia Lee Bernard W. Walker, Pleasant Grove, Utah.

EVIDENCES AND RECONCILIATIONS

(Concluded Icom page 545) while on earth, usually instructed to those of higher authority for those whom He had healed or otheraction. The gift was a personal one; wise blessed, that they should not

not for the Church as a whole; and tell others of the occurrence. Some

the recipient is under obligation, in things are done for the public good, harmony with the established order, others for private welfare.

not to broadcast it over the Church. It should also be kept in mind

It is unwisdom, therefore, for that a message is carried by every those who have received such manispiritual experience. Revelation alfestations to send copies to others, to ways has a purpose related to man's Entrance to the L. D. S. Business College

relate them by word of mouth in eternal progress. The message

diverse places, and otherwise to should always be of more importance Just a small investment in scatter abroad a personal, sacred exto the recipient than the substance business training right now vehicleperience. of the manifestation. are times and or There Our -will pay dividends all your

spiritual testimony experiences, if sound, point beplaces where may borne of our knowledge that the rethe way to our own salvation. Life's life.

is efforts ofstored Lord, towards should of the be directed Gospel and effort now—before satisMake the of the the treading of that to us,the goodness and Lord way to the

when we may present evidence of faction of the Giver of All Gifts, the opportunity passes.

It spirit of revelation theour faith. well be would

Fill out below, paste the coupon Christ, that the Lord A. Jesusmember W.

it to reissues.—/.from whom onecent postal card, to a and

mail to us. We'll gladly tell you

about the exceptional training and employment facilities that await you here. TEtEFACT U.S. LEADS IN CANNED FRU IT n 937 production)

U.S. aaaaeeBoaaaaa64.5% OF PRODUCTION (CASES) L. D. S. Business

College HAWAII '14.5% 70 North Main Street

Salt Lake City, Utah ASIA 18.5% a: L. D. S. Business College

Ciiy, Salt Lake Utah EUROPE 1 5.3% Please Gentlemen: send me the book- a let, "Planning Future."Your

AUSTRALIA

13.9% Name: &

REST OF Address: AMERICAS

8-17 6 Science ServicePictorial Statistics, Inc.

LET'S SAY IT CORRECTLY I thought the layout very nicely done, and I was happy to

little, little in speech? you is that Are your music I time had seen your magazine, and let me congratulate you on

letting as out singing Howcareful see that the pictures reproduced very well. This was the first or are of the it come u you publication. a fine

the unlovely oo sound? Try these words over and over again You might be interested to know that the Mormon Marker

until you get the long u sound: news, newspapers, suit, mentioned in my story will be dedicated this month [May 30]

of Miles and will Governor accept on behalf Mr. Bursey New

will from speech be written acceptance Mexico. The EASTERN STATES GATHERS MORE CEMETERY article which appeared in your publication. the

RECORDS Yours sincerely, Kenneth Allen, Merritt H. Egan, Genealogical representative in the Eastern Publicity Department.

States Mission, reports that the astonishing progress $ made in the compiling of cemetery records makes the statistics quoted in the August issue of the Era ("The Search Goes On,"p. 495) already out of date. "Cemetery records now show THEIR RECEPTION

91,800 sent into the field and 30,000 returned filled out to the mission office. A great many of the 91,800 blanks have been A teacher in a rural school was teaching a lesson on Indians.

sent out very recently, which accounts for the comparatively She asked what the heads of tribes were called. The little

small return. Only about 10,344 of these blanks have been boy answered, "Chiefs."

sent to the Genealogical Society, but the others are here in this "Well, then, what are the women called?"

office and will be sent in the near future.... Many other "Mischiefs,"proudly answered the boy.

genealogical activities have increased to a similar degree."

$> THE BOSS KNEW Dear Brethren: "Hadn't you better tell your boss?"inquired the motorist of

a regular has been Improvement Era The many years the farmer's boy who stood looking at the load of hay upset For visitor have messages welcome in our home. Its monthly lane. in the

been our chief source of contact with the church since we have "He knows,"replied the boy.

been living in the Western States Mission more than 100 miles "Knows? How can he know?"

from the nearest branch of the Church. The influence of the "'Cause he's under the hay."

Era has been felt by all members of our family and has been a substitute for the auxiliary organizations in teaching us to SURE TO GET ENOUGH know and appreciate the Gospel.

During the past two years I have been serving as a misFarmer: "What will it cost me to fix my car?"

sionary in the Southern States, and during that time the Era Garageman: "What's the matter with it?"

was read with keen interest by all of the missionaries with Farmer: "I don't know."

whom I was associated. Not only did we enjoy it ourselves, Garageman: "Fortyeight dollars and fiftythree cents."

but found that our investigators and friends were equally inin its contents. terested A LONG LIST

Since returning from the Mission Field, I have been attending summerschool at the U. S. A. C. in Logan. A short time "When that elevator fell with you I suppose all your sins

ago I visited the Cache Public Library and asked for the flashed before your eyes?"

of issue Era. recent Improvement The see, we only dropped five stories."

that library the the did not have be told I wasEra—theyquite surpriseddon't subto "Well, not all—you

to it. scribe HE DID IT

cooperation of the Mission and Era offices the Era Through is now found in practically all public libraries of any size in The pupil was asked to paraphrase the sentence, "He was the Southern States Mission. Why can't some such arrangebent on seeing her."

ments be made with the Stake Era Directors to place the Era in He wrote, "The sight of her doubled him up."

the libraries here in "Zion"where it is needed and appreciated just as much as in the Mission Field? DISCOVERY

Very truly yours, Ray L. Jones. Bill: "I forgot my umbrella this morning."

An Era reader. Harry: "What made you remember you'd forgotten it?"

<S> Bill: "I missed it when I reached up to put it down after

99 Sharon Ave, the rain."

Battle Creek, Michigan, COLLEGE BARBER Dear Sir:

thirtyafter I lost precious of husband, 22nd May, the my Robert: about "Did it? Mikhail had an epideryou hear ON I life, spent. years the ever years happiest married of two matoid today?"removed growth

with acquainted of the a Church Through member we became fellow! Leota: it serious?"Was visiting latter the Nordforce, Elders Ahlander, Johnson, and two Robert: haircut shave."a and "Poor"No—only hospital. in the husband my

their his officiated consoling at three All words funeral, and great TWOIN-ONE the service, the they pleasant conducted was a and way grief. in family, to bearing help our me and my Political Candidate: police chief of are the of this "So you

too them, highly of (through to thank wish I cannot speak and little if to town. you. Glad ar- I could know I wonder

with the acquaintance Church, for our magazine) your fire chief, the such rangefine also?"to meet

Just wait until I change hats."ChristianWe willyoungnever men.forget their kindness. Chief of Police: "Sure.

very sincerely, Yours CHILDREN CRY FOR IT (Mrs.) J. Bentley.

—Old Lady: "Can't you cheer your little brother up and stop

Gentlemen: his crying?"

have just received the two copies of the May issue of The Small Boy: "Well, did you ever try to cheer anybody up

I Improvement Era, and let me express my thanks to you for that's just had five bananas, two hot dogs, and seven ice cream your courtesy in giving New Mexico so fine a spread. cones?"

KSL's transmitter building and vertical radiator on U. S. Highway 40, 12 miles West of Salt Lake City

Radio—the American Way!

Every day, more than seven hundred radio stations in the

United States broadcast news, music, entertainment and many other features familiar to Americans everywhere. Mr.

and Mrs. America listen alike to programs and to the sales

messages of the business firms which make the programs possible... This is the American way of radio. American

radio lives by virtue of the fact that it enjoys the heritage of free speech guaranteed by our nation. KSL proudly guards

this privilege in serving you and your families with radio planned in good taste.

50,000 WATTS 1130 KILOCYCLES KSL | I

..is,'::","**,**%

to -QU KmuL JLaut & (Jolden f-fa.zveit with.

LIFE INSURANCE Just as Spring planting must precede

lay the -.'-,%-im>*l <:'-.-;#'*'the Fall harvest—so must you

foundation of independent old age today! Most people agree there is

...?n#. no safer guarantee of security than

life insurance. Your Beneficial Life

Insurance representative will gladly advise you on your insurance problems.

*A#'4i Mt*

V P A AH Y - HeberJ. Grant Pres.

.'* -*.<"*'t Jw'">,, 4.:VW '

. 0 K&'-; 'sr'

-"*"*-iV *-*'

, ""'** 4* I

"i.*">.