'WsiiM'MilsMSmiSmmStMU:';rS3j;;Wfj.r:i

JULY 1948 uWhere does the

come from, Mommy?"

MOTHER WAS STARTLED to realize that she rarely thought of the source of abundant hot water, but took its instant

availability for granted,

"IT'S LIKE MAGIC,"she explained. "We

just turn the faucet and the hot water runs out. They say a little elf named

'Steady Flame'sends it, and that he lives in our automatic gas water heater, although you can't see him, of course.

"JUST THINK, grandmother used to heat water on the stove and carry it to the tub. Your bath today would have

meant six trips with a heavy bucket.

How lucky we are to have hot water always on tap...at low cost...with quick,

dependable gas!"

MINIMUM RECOMMENDATIONS FOR

FIT THE WATER HEATER TO THE HOME with the NORMAL HOT WATER REQUIREMENTS.

aid of this Official Chart. Thus assure ample hot water for BATHROOMSNUMBER BEDROOMSNUMBER STORAGEGALLONSCAP'V.

every need, including automatic laundry machine and dish 1 IorZ 30 washer. A 30 -gallon size is the minimum required today. 1 3c*4 40

2 2or3 40 2 4 or 5 SO AMPLE HOT WATER COSTS LITTLE, WITH GAS. A 3 3 50

modern automatic gas water heater is inexpensive to buy, 3or4 4 or 5 75 to operate. You get double the quantity of hot water, or

more, per dollar of operating cost, when you choose GAS.

The West Prefers

And here's "Steady F/ome"himself I

Better Quicker Cheaper MOUNTAIN FUEL SUPPLY COMPANY Serving twentysix Utah and Wyoming Communities

EXPLORING * TUPI nt

By DR. FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR.

'T'he great 200inch diameter mirror mounted in the telescope atop Mt.

Palomar, California, was dedicated recently. This modern wonder of the

world has been named the Hale telescope in honor of Dr. George EUery

Hale, famous astronomer who first proposed such a telescope. The new

telescope will permit a study of eight times the volume of space which can be studied at present.

A new high speed rotor has been developed by Professor J. W. Beams

which rotates 38 million times each minute with centrifugal forces over 400 million times that of gravity. The

rotors are suspended magnetically in a vacuum and spun by a rotating magnetic field.

jT\R. W. Goetsch, Austrian biologist,

has announced the discovery of vitamin T, important in promoting growth and development. Obtained

from termites and other insects that obtain it from yeast and fungi, the new vitamin seems to promote healing of wounds and reduce recovery time from A school lunch can be simply sickness. adorable... and ever so

4 easy to fix. Just be sure to

A n American Automobile Association include plenty of SNAX—

survey in Cleveland showed that the flaky, goldenbrown crackamong students who had special driving ers that youngsters never training in schools only onehalf perseem to get enough of. And

cent of the women subsequently benourishing too, rich in the came involved in automobile accidents nutriments of flour, with the compared to 3.8 percent of the men. delightful salttang and buttery taste. SNAX are deli-

["ake Chelan, Washington, at an cious—right out of the altitude of over a thousand feet is package—and wonderful

with any other items that befifty long, miles average an has width long in the lunch box. Reach

mile, for sixteenof miles but one it is for the bright red package a thousand feet deep, with a maximum next time you shop.

depth of 1,419 feet going to 340 feet below sea level. It was gouged out by

a glacier which was almost a mile deep near the head of the present lake.

Come recent experiments seem to show that hens lay eggs according to when they get fed rather than according to time of daylight.

Come of the new golf balls have a silicone center instead of rubber to get greater distance and greater rearebound. a type The silicones of maacts like left BISCUIT COMPANYterial which putty when

by itself or pressed slowly, but acts like SALT LAKE rubber when hit hard or dropped. PHOENIX

JULY 1948 417

NUMBER 7

OFFICIAL ORGAN OF THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS, DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION,

MUSIC COMMITTEE, WARD TEACHERS, AND OTHER AGENCIES OF THE CHURCH OF JESUS CHRIST OF LATTERDAY SAINTS

The Editor's Page The Cover Some Warning Signs George Albert Smith 425 *<*tthe Arrival and Encampment of *- the Pioneers"is the east plaque

Church Features pleof theSquare.Sea GullThis Monumentmonument, onunveiledTemThe Church in Europe Alma Sonne 426 and dedicated on October 1, 1913,

Service to the Young Women of the Church through the YW. "in grateful remembrance of the

MXA* Marba C. Josephson 430 mercy of God to the Mormon PioThe Record Harvest in Wales Archibald F* Bennett 432 neers,"is the work of Mahonri M.

of BrigPresident grandson Young, Doctrine Evidences Church and Reconciliations: CXXIV—Should photograph, from Young. The Blindly? Widtsoe 449 ham A* John Be Accepted

the files Radio, of the PubChurch

The Church Moves On 420 presiding Bishopric's Page 456 licity, and Mission Literature Com432 Genealogy adapted to cover use by mittee, was Church and M. I. A. Activities in Melchizedek Priesthood 454 Jacobsen. Picture 458 Charles 455 Column NoLiquor-Tobacco

Special Features New Subscription Price for price subscription new Christensen 429 of T\ the World: The Need Super Men Harold The

is $2.50 Improvement Era - The Giles 436 D* John Land The Wanted Nobody

is for subscriptions year. rate This a S 437 I Visit the Dilworth Navajos Young

in possessions, the States and United

The Story of the Horse Chestnut James H* Heron 438 Canada, Mexico, South America, and

What's She Got?—Let's Talk it Over.Mary Brentnall 439 Central America. Subscriptions in all

The Fallacy of Moderate Drinking Joy Elmer Morgan 441 other countries are $3.00 a year.

He Makes Me Feel Important Helen Gregg Green 444 For over fifty years the price of

The Spoken Word from Temple Square Richard L. Evans 445 The Improvement Era was held at

year, under $2.00 very sometimes a for Pattern the Franklin Universe, Exploring a Day, Helen Homing:

conditions. high trying Unusually

S. 450 S. 417 Neal Jr

costs printing operating and made Political B. Corner, Josephine SigCook's These Harris,Times—The in price the boost mandatory. nificance Nichols 452 of E.C.A., G. Homer will price subscription The new Hints 452 4 Durham Handy possible only continued not make Publications of 479 L. Miracle the Gulls, Albert 1 Church The of the of the growth "Voice Church,"Advertisers Zobell, to 479 Index 422 Jr the to also carrying plans but out of

the 480 and Ours.447 Page Bookrack Your On the best "the church make magEra

Editorials azine in the world."

We Go; We Come... John A, Widtsoe 448 Editors

Is the Word of Wisdom A Commandment? Albert L* Zobell, Jr* 448 George Albert Smith

John A. Widtsoe

ies, Poetry Managing Editor Tyee, the Valiant Hubert Evans 434 Richard L. Evans

Mulek of Zarahemla—Chapter VII J* N. Washburn 442 Assistant Managing Editor

Frontispiece: The Old Ranch Moonlight Sonata, Pauline StarkDoyle L. Green

House, Josephine Mclntire 423 weather 440 Associate Editor

Effort, Goff -444 Mildred C. Josephson Marba Poetry Page 424 Wasted Edna S. Old Town, Home My General Manager Solo Flight, Georgea Rice Clark....428 453 Dustin Morris George Q.

Executive and Editorial Offices: Associate Manager

50 North Main Street, Salt Lake City 1, Utah Bertha S. Reeder

Copyright 1948 by Mutual Funds, Inc., a Corporation of the Young Business Manager

Men's Mutual Improvement Association of the Church of Jesus Christ John D. Giles

of price, Saints. reserved. Subscription All rights Latterday $2.50 a Editorial Associates

year, subscriptions, foreign year, in in advance; advance; 25c $3.00 a

Elizabeth J. Moffitt

single copy.

Jr. L. Zobell, Albert

Office, Entered Post City, at the Salt secondclass Utah, as Lake matter. Acceptance for mailing at special rate of postage provided for Advertising Director

in section 1103, Act of October 1917, authorized July 2, 1918. Verl F. Scott

The Improvement Era is not responsible for unsolicited manuscripts, National Advertising Representatives but welcomes contributions. Edward S. Townsend,

All manuscripts must be accompanied by sufficient postage for delivery and return. San Francisco and Los Angeles

Change of Address: Dougan and Bolle,

Fifteen days'notice required for change of address. When ordering a change, please include Chicago and New York

issue of the magazine.address slip from a recent Address changes cannot be made unless the old Member, Audit Bureau of Circulations

'! well is included. as the new one addressas

418 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

comment in this connection: "AmeriThe Political Significance of E C A cans should realize that what Russia

needs is conversion, not eviction. She

is a necessary member of the family of

By DR. G. HOMER DURHAM international relations. Are we on the nations, and with patience, underHead of Political Science Department and brink of a parliament of man, of sorts? standing and firmness... she may yet

Director of the Institute of Government, Who can say? The following can be make her contribution to human welUniversity of Utah reported next in order. fare."Some folk expected magical

Second; The enactment of ECA has results from UN, then, disappointed,

impetus the provided for a limited Russia. without urged a The new UNJITan often stands on the brink of in Europe Union""Western editorial the points sober way. which News

opportunity overwhelming the nucleus and may become of a standardization of arms United American and fails to grasp it for lack States of knowledge January of Europe. On or about equipmenthelp Plan for the Marshall

and inspiration. Often as not he 22, 1948, Mr. John Foster Dulles, the countries is suggestive of understanding

plunges into the abyss of destruction, distinguished churchman and Repubwith firmness.

usually of ignorance. lican because leader, told the Foreign Senate The picture geographical Fourth: The

is light for eternal.quest truth and that the Relations committee ECA cooperation with American Western of

is political the significance the virtually of closer required measure EuWhat is other the powers Union and ECA Foreign Assistancemonumental of cooperation. Act ropean next very The world,, millenniallike suggestive a of

its establishment,1948, with the in the day, Ecorose Ernest Bevin Mr. vision the spur dayby- which may of Cooperation Administrationnomic his of House and nowmade Commons peace. of themeans efforts day for By

calling for(ECA)?* famous speech a Western international expressed machinery new

It folly to admit be would possession in Britain, of Europe, France, Union first in in place (and enumerated ECA "light truth"of very and Holland, Belgium, much on this and Luxembourg.

analysis,) this is in the States United subject. the matter But in the time By was ECA in linked effective an manner, yet one lives the oftouches so final course of passage,

in allaround which national, inlocal that are peoplemany treaty the of Brussels we terests served, be in a may worldwide atchallenged to focus signed, had been and in at the system. Look terms of map it.tention that In on "Western had Britain, France, Belgium, the andlight the following conthe become a Union"fact—to Netherlands. see? does one What Eusiderations offered are extent five that those naropean only? landmarks No! Virtualtions miliagreed had on

ly all of Africa; British the Empire taryRirst: cooperation, a basic ECA constitutes bases, worldwide; Madagascar; Indoelement knitting of the develan additional

the China; British great dominions; governmental process. in 1, the international orfieldopment 1948, By May of Caledonia; the Marquesas, New and the is "Union"hadganization been cooperation. implemented This and by islands the dotting sea! every a What a its council, permanent significance. meetingprobably regularly In admajor

is empire! of dream here the Yet bein London, consistingdition treaties, to and internadiplomacy, repreof

ginning real of basis a for voluntary sentatives of the stafftional chiefs practice, of custom, the of the and UN, agreement cooperation. and Viewed countries is concerned. additional Indevelopment. an chairmanTheECA is hope, there with nothing in history ship of the council rotatesternational administration large the a on among to the with compare prospects posand

is powers, isscale in month involved. the month, Administration alphabetic by

sibilities. together military Girded with

it arrangement. is of 10,essence acgovernment; 1948, unwhere an On May strength determination, and be we may officialtion individual. the of "Congress touches Consider Europe"comthat assured the Soviet pales Union

its of interested influposed legal individuals, for asthe bases met by ECA into relative insignificance.

ence finally touches a man in Belgium: appointment at The Hague and voted

First, unanimously to international create variety of con- a States a United conclusion recall the sayTn may we including Europe,ferences secof of 1947; Germany. in the summer Wining, calls the piper pays "He who Churchill ston politics the ofond, present pageantry American was and spoke

and public opinion during the summer in support of the project before one the tune."That is our position largely.

and winter of 1947 and 194748; third, crowd of 30,000. Although unofficial, What shall be the tune? Before the

the enactment through the 435 members such a movement has its effect on pubJune M.I.A. conference in 1940, Presiof the American House of Representalic opinion. dent J. Reuben Clark, Jr., with keen

diplomatic as as insight well gospeltives States the senators 96 United and Third: realizes United States The declared: "America's ultimate Godits fourth, into law;of a bill acceptance that peace prosperity are and not the destiny, given planned the Creator by Presiexecutionand the American by fruit great world conference or of one and testified ancient and by modern fifth, multident; the of a negotation

any single effort, but are goals to be prophecy and revelation, is that out oflateral treaty between the United

States and the sixteen nations, in Paris, realized every day, day by day, in the her shall go forth the law."What

April 1948; sixth, the detailed treaty life of men and nations. This realizashall our tune be, the "law,"which

is Amerbetween the United States and Beltion has finally dawned, if slowly, on shall go out via ECA? This

to thegium conforming Act of Contheirthe Americanunparalleledpeople,wealthwhoandbyblessingsdint of ica'sclude opportunity.liberty, righteousness,The tune mustjustice,ingress seventh, treaty; and the general

almost deluded into themselves a behumility. in It must rendered be the political relatedthe process, throughlief in political in recent years. magic spirit of the said: Master who "Heout, of Belgium! been have Here

(at least a solid majority) who would be chief among you, letmeshed the governmental wheels of We now seem to know better. Part of this him be the servant of all."Are wewestern civilization, to grind out the

realization itself expresses in a rational limited the of opportunities for worthy the followedrules to be and by ECA preparedness program, while at the service presented by may ECA? We is affected. reThisgovernments a

time holding same olive all the out at today, branch begin forgetting not home, in the annals development ofmarkable to the Soviet editorial Union. in the cure of fasting "Nineveh prayAn and

details of of this the enactment *For the measure, called popularlyformerly "the Marshall Plan,"see The Deseret News, May 11, 1948, er"previously recommended in this

The Improvement Era for June. p. 335. "United Nations Needs Russia,"bears column.

JULY 1948 419

Our finest, fastest trains \nc LAxwvcXt carry low fare President Smith Northwest Flood "pOR his lifetime of service to the A ll members of the Church of Jesus chair cars youth of the state, President "Christ of Latterday Saints were

George Albert Smith has received the reported safe in the recent floods in

No other form of low - cost Eagle award for civic service in Utah, Oregon. Church welfare assistance

transportation gives you the given by the Fraternal Order of was begun almost before the flood wacomfort, convenience, luxury Eagles. Sponsors of the award were ters subsided.

and safety you get in chair cars the Salt Lake City, Ogden, Murray, and coaches on Southern PaTooele, and Bingham, Utah, aeries, in Canadian Ranch cific trains. addition to the grand national aerie of After returning from an inspection

You con read, write, play the Fraternal Order of Eagles. trip to the recently purchased

games, enjoy the scenery, or President Smith has also been reKirkaldy Ranch near Raymond, Airsleep as you ride. There's elected to the national executive board, berta, Canada, Bishop Joseph L.

plenty of room to move around Boy Scouts of America, at a meeting Wirthlin of the Presiding Bishopric inand stretch your legs. Most held in Seattle, Washington, and atdicated that the property was in extrains are airconditioned and tended by such Church scouters as cellent condition and that the Church service. You'll offer porter

find meals delicious, prices Elder Ezra Taft Benson of the Counwould stock it with cattle this fall.

moderate in dining and cofcil of the Twelve, President Oscar A. At first the ranch will not be operated

fee shop cars. (Eating on the Kirkham of the First Council of the as a Church welfare project; however,

train is half the fun of travSeventy, Superintendent George Q. that is a possibility later on.

eling.) Morris of the Y.M.M.I.A., and First

Mission Zealand New Assistant Superintendent D. John the drivdoes The engineer Salt of the C. "Dishop Gordon Young Giles. ing. relax, in perfect comYou Eighteenth City Lake North Ward of Foreign the Veterans He received fort, the matter no what the called First Presidency been has by citizenship distinguished medal rails outside. Steel are Wars weather

the safest highway eyer built. early in June in recognition of his as president of the New Zealand Misthirty-five years in scouting. sion, with headquarters at Auckland.

You'dlot—butexpectit doesn't.all thisCoachto costanda fiftyeighthPresident annualSmith Sonsalso ofattendedthe Amerithe verson,He succeedswho hasPresidentpresidedA.overReedthe Halmis-

chair car fares are very low, can Revolution convention, the thirtysion since 1945.

and are good on our finest, fifth such convention he has attended. Elders with the message of the refastest trains: The City of San In representing the Utah group, he stored gospel first went to New ZeaFrancisco Francisco and San in Australian land the Mission from of the the national congress presented Overland, FranChicago-San first In the 1854. 1855 branch March flag. organization State a with Utah He cisco via the Golden Ogden; at the organized Karori. of Church was closbenediction the the as pronounced State Imperial, Chicagoand of the the the beginning 1898, year At in this ing session Minneapolis ended via Paso; Angeles El the Los to Australian divided Mission was year. Limited, Sunset OrleansNew the In Mission. form Zealand New Angeles; Beaver, the Los San Relief Society Board the past preyears has been work FranciscoPortland; the and four of members new A ppointment native the dominantly among Maoris Daylights, Franbetween San the general to of board the Relief the of puband was Book Mormon ciscoOakland-Sacramento and

Belle has S. Society been in announced into lished 1889. that by tongue The Angeles. of Seats Los on many Spafford, president of general that the Pearl Doctrine Covenants and and trains are these and numbered

reserved. Reservations may be Church auxiliary. They are: of Great Price were published in

made in advance at any railAlta Jensen Vance, president of the Maori in 1919. Te Katere, the mission

road ticket office. (Nominal Big Cottonwood Stake Relief Society, magazine that is published monthly, has

extra fare charged for the extra and who has previously been president pages printed in both English and fast Golden State and City of of the Mount Olympus Ward Relief Maori.

San Francisco.) Society, and has been active in many

of the wards of the Salt Lake Valley.

Remember, too, children unChristine Hinckley Robinson, who, der five years of age ride free, now a resident of Salt Lake City, has five to eleven inclusive for half been a member of the Relief Society fare. board of the New York Stake, having

Next time, try chair cars and spent nineteen years in the east. GORDON

coaches on S.P. trains. Josie Barnson Bay, who, before she C.

came to Salt Lake City to live, two YOUNG months before this appointment, was president of the San Diego Stake Relief Society.

The friendly twentyAlbertayears,HuishhasChristensen,been active who,in Relieffor

Southern Pacific Society work on both the east and west President Young filled a mission to this at coasts, appointment, and was Zealand beginning in a New 1919, O. V. Gibson, Agent General of the Emigration (Salt Lake member shortly after being released the from St., Salt 1, Utah Lake City Main 4 S. Relief City) Society board. Stake (Concluded on 466) page

420 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA NEW BOOKS FOR YOUR PROGRESSIVE READING LIST Presidents of the Church $2.50 Prelude to the Kingdom $2.75

By PRESTON NIBLEY By GUSTIVE O. LARSON

edition New additional, insight detailed This provides forces

Smith. Saints together Latterday the held enabled Now hasin onea sectioncover, biographieson Presidentof Georgeall presidentsAlbert which intoandthe

of the Church. to results achieve which them imhave would been

possible by any other means.

Exodus to Greatness. $3.00

By PRESTON NIBLEY Scouting for the Mormons on the

Complete, vivid account of the migration of thousands of exiled their Americans driven from homes, denied their constitutional liberties, left to in the Great Frontier $2.00 find freedom

wilderness 1000 miles beyond the frontier. By SIDNEY A. and E. KAY HANKS

inandthecapacitywesterntowildernessbe inspireddemandedwith steadfast,men of resolutethe calibredeHow the Desert Was Tamed.$1.00 The accomplishments of the Latterday Saints as pioneers

By JOHN A. WIDTSOE votionheld themand together.loyalty to Thiseach isotherthe storyand toof theonecauseof thewhichmost

colorful, intrepid daring, K. Ephraim Hanks, and faithful, exiled in The to Americans featured Greatness""Exodus

scout for Brigham famous and white, red men built interesting civilization in an the valleys of of Young, talents sense and delightful friend ofman many mountains. This reveals book the source power of andthe humor. the spirit motivated which the attractachievement ofnow

ing the attention of the world.

What of the Mormons? $1.50 Truth and the Master's Touch....$2.00

By GORDON B. HINCKLEY By JAMES J. UNOPULOS, JR.

The story of the Latterday Saints told in "Reader's DiHow it seems to be on the outside looking in on the gest"style, condensed, direct, tothe-point, written for Latterday Saints their lives, history and doctrines. An

interested nonMormons who want to know more about alert, inquisitive, untrammeled young man, tells the what they hear and see of the Mormons. story of his selfconversion.

And some of the old favorites are available again!

Gospel Quotations $1.25 Bible Ready Reference 75c

By JUDGE HENRY H. ROLAPP

Prophecies of Joseph Smith and Their Fulfillment $1.50

By NEPHI L. MORRIS

TRIPLE COMBINATION (Book of Mormon, Doctrine and Covenants, Pearl of

Great Price) $7.50

Bible paper, flexible leather binding, gilt edges.

DESERET "EDUCATIONBOOKLIVES AS LONG AS YOU READCOMPANYGOOD BOOKS"440 East South Temple Street Salt Lake City 10, Utah

JULY 1948 421 The Miracle of the Gulls

Dm bribed oL. /lopell, dr.

A lthough its centennial took place in late May or in early June, the miracle '"of the sea gulls has become so much a part of the story of the Church in the valleys of the mountains of the West, that the editors of The Improvement

Era planned this for July—the month of the Pioneers.

Forexodusthose wasof theat anvanguardend. Theirtheir us"Brotherhere, andJohnheYoung!has nottheledLordus hereled

leader, President Brigham to starve!"1

closest and Young, many of his adHThen when all else failed, men, for their returned visers, had East women, and children fell to their families the autumn before and had knees to voice the prayer that had not returned. Great Salt Lake City,

been in their hearts from the begin- a pinpoint on the map, was actually, white in that spring of 1 848, four hundred ning. And soon a cloud—a in the sky. Was log and adobe huts, all located incloud—appeared

side the "Old Fort,"and over five this also destructive? Men looked

and wondered. thousand acres of land under cultigulls, they as sea and were These vation. the Truly seventeen hunlit fields, in the sharpeyed and men

in dred souls then valley the were that see they could were women their best doing to the desert "make gorging themselves not on the tenblossom as the rose."

* * der blades of grain, but on the crickets. Filling themselves, the sea gulls

Then from the direction of the would fly off, disgorge, and return hills came the black, moving blanto the stricken fields for more crickGet it!j no* ket of crickets. And behind that ets. fHt! t's or, ato YoUl blanket, as it moved, were only This was deliverance!

despair, for the and horde of this date not the \ocV.e darkness We know %rsszm.iafptte left of insects not a green spear historimiracle. of modernday Some

grass where but a few moments beans have said May 1848, some June, on June. But some and fore, had been prosperous fields of and May This comp/efe guide grain. of the presidency the 9, 1848, June to better use food of your frozen

locker will save you money, bring Every available hand was called Salt Lake Stake sent a letter to new satisfaction from your frozen to the fields. Every available methPresident Brigham Young and the meats. Use it to buy and prepare od of extermination—drowning, Council of the Twelve, who were your meats wisely—and use burning, clubbing—was tried, but to then en route West, saying:

LOCKERAP to give better prono avail. Foodstuffs, carried across

tection of natural flavor and there crops, has a large been to our As the plains the the and mountains color. grocer's both Get at your in, they crops put of and spring amount before year nearly exhausted. were favorite locker at your or plant. till days. within well doing a few The were

The Saints knew, too, that additioncrickets have done considerable damage to Handy homesized roll...

20in. wide, 150fr. long. al thousands of Church members both wheat and corn, which has discourwere on their way to the valley of aged some, but there is plenty left if we

the Great Salt Lake. All would be can save it for a few days.

flocks gulls in large sea have come The this crop dependent upon which was crickets the as the lake from and sweep being destroyed as *ed now it grew [is] it the of go; the Lord seems in they hand

the fields. in our favor.... 2

The leaders, resting momentarily

Weslem]g$&i in the fields, discussed the gravity of The crops of the next two years the problem. "Father Smith,"said were likewise molested during their

his second counselor, "it is your early growing season.

duty to send an express to Brother The insect invaders of 1848, '49,

Brigham and tell him not to bring and '50, were crickets, and not the people here; for if he does, they grasshoppers, as is sometimes erwill all starve to death."roneously related.

John Smith, president of the Salt 'Thomas Callister letter to Elder George A. Smith,

Lake Stake, looked thoughtful for a lunedated9,February1848 13. 1869; found in Journal History.

few moments, and then replied: "Ibid.

422 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA—Photograph by ]eano Orlando

the old RANCH HOUSE

i.

/Josephine yl'IcJrntire

leaden feet I walked up to the door. w,ith

The old deserted ranch house on the plain

Was drooping under years of drought and rain.

A field mouse ran across the sagging floor

Into the woodshed where we children wound

Our lariats, hung our saddles in a row.

The old corrals, through which life used to flow,

By time were flung to rot there on the ground.

Goodbye, old house! I will not come again

To see you stranded in a sea of grass.

Old memories arise and weave a spell

Around my heart. Soon now encroaching grain

Will shelter you from curious eyes that pass.

My childhood's home, to you a long farewell!

JULY 1948 423 THE SAN JUAN RIVER crmk LONELY Byin itsMabelsolitude,JoneslovingGabbottall the loneliness,

Now the river twists and turns, while canyon walls on each side press distant a hazy blue. Here few SHE CHILD Against SOUGHT A ZION THE YOUNG people a path; make

Hatlie Grigg Willes Wangsgaard By Eva By

Beauty marks the aftermath | thought of woman on that pilgrimage 'T'he young child, Freedom, reaches up to Where with sharp tools of time and running * As following a husband, humble, sweet, * take sand,

Torn from her Eden to a wild of sage Your hand, America; then for his sake, The sluggish stream has deeply dug into

To make a home for man's adventurous You firmly clasp his infant palm in yours this lonely land.

feet.

And for her, her left behind, comfortsI mourned old land where lazy clouds are lead him on to distant climes and An old, shores. in birth pangs bed, borneHer tent or wagon ghosts

hillside, held high with and backward too head often no to lined With came aWhich soil often hosts red, red are sun and And little glance epidemics fed. which moundsWith

the rim from canyon windsong To I I reread her journals,Then and knew uncertain him, go, with to take chance You in storms that purple echoes waken And heart tinder to the woman's spark wasHow along Vicissitudes the death. With way the dim flint.Struck prophet's a fervor by Her

in that forgotten Will be day happy its Still the gorges. grew, Stern winds water way

Illuminating ways that else were dark. Of lasting peace, and in its mighty gleam To meet the Colorado day by day,

Enrapt, she sought a Zion. might its useless from Man world will waken The in the as it goes penmanship of Making doubt, dream ages followed faithBut not her whose would stride your Then Of conquest. may inIts tale pages. lonely on nature's out. burn crease,

Till, with the child, you reach the fields of

WHEN SEGO LILIES BLOOM IN peace. THE HIGHLANDS THIS DAY LOST FEAR

By Margery S. Stewart By Fae Decker Dix

quiet conversation lilies in sego the highlands, This bloomWHEN a hilltop, On there, Let nor captured. be me not

When they lift pale candles in the hollows, This tearless watch in anguish

Let me not be bound, enraptured, Has accord.

Snared by their whiteness, their fragility,

ALestproverbI read ina theirpsalmpetals;in their cup, OfI breaklong thedelusioncrystal barricade

Lest I behold where they reach up To fling apart the doors

From the dour earth of the hillsides, That shuttered fear.

And seeing how they grow in a gray place, High on a hillside

Cast off my ease and reach for my burden, Cool against the sky,

Content no longer with pleasure without How swiftly comes the grace. Sacrament of peace;

How soft departs.

The bitter need to cry, AND THE DESERT BLOSSOMED Out of the fearseared heart.

The restless mind, By Helen Martin Home These torn, wan symbols of despair

Shall to blend a prism makef I 'he pain, our sounds of the grating of hub and Of *- chain still strife, the inner And

And of creaking wagon box once heard The quenchless fire.

Among hills that admitted that wagon train

From plains where buffalo roamed in herd;—Photograph by Keystone View Co. And silently shall fear take

And the screech of clay in the valley's botAsSoftcouragedeparture,wakes the heartbeat tom THE PATRIOT For its own.

desert incision plows in baked made,When By Ormonde Butler earth hot rocks the cooled whenWhere loosened, was patient the heavjy bears he who first IN crude plantings were hopefully ShallAnd REMINDER JULY weight laid; Penny By Lucretia find routine, gate out the shining Of dull

murmuring of voices that planned a OpeningThe never a scent for heroes to pass through, his Waste city; own? and Of roses

The crashing of logs, axfelled, until Without the unseen stone, no building can Half the year's spent:clover.

With the sawing of beam and the crack of be great. June is over!

hammer buildingBoomed of store and the grinding PEACE... mill PATTERN By Christie Lund Coles eddied on theThese waves away of ether By Jean Anderson A lways, I knew I could find peace the blistered rays from zoomedAs light hill ** Lying in the sun. upon a green clod; lends tools with garden a hand T TeAnd trees these surrounded and by sounds of voices in the evening, sing- * helps build a neighbor * Or a fenceToday, ing, peaks,

the Pinprickmarks upon weaveHave lifted their praise to the realm of God. My darkest cares seem healed and done.

they can days, and yet commence Of is their silenceYet, eternal thunder even simple, beautiful design, though tomorrow And I shall come A hill hill chorusReverberating to from will Neighborused, grow apace of realities, to the world Back "It'sIntoning, desert blosthat inours—This

somed!"Until no severing line Still the mind can escape with singing joy

And "Brigham Young is a prophet still!"Bisects the pattern of the race. To these hills, these organsounding trees.

424 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA SIGN: OME WARNING

lmiiaent Ljeome Arlbert Jmitk &

I feel very much concerned when other institutions outside of our homes the

I think of the temptations that are everytraining of our boys and girls with reference where present. I am thinking of the time to a proper conduct in life.

when ancient Israel went astray. They worIf we do not teach them the sacredness of

shiped false gods. They listened to that which these bodies of ours, if we do not inspire in

was popular, but false. And then destruction them a desire to build character that is beovertook them. yond reproach, if we fail to impress upon

We are just in as much danger as were them the danger that confronts them in their any people who have ever lived upon the contact with the evils that afflict mankind, we earth, unless we listen to our Heavenly Fawill not be justified by saying that we did not ther. His is the only voice, and the teachings realize how serious it was.

of those whom he directs are the only teachGod has warned us that we should teach ings that we are safe in following. our children to pray and to walk uprightly

We know that the adversary is alert. If he before him. He has given us schoolmasters

can betray the rising generation, if he can after his own heart who have been instructlay pitfalls for their feet and ensnare them in ing us from year to year in the things that evil, his desire has been realized, and their we should do.

downfall is accomplished. If those of our household neglect to hold

We are living in perilous times. It would in reverence the things of God, we must know

seem that the scriptures are being fulfilled; it that sooner or later sorrow will come into

appears that this is the particular time when their lives; and if it comes into the lives of

"if it were possible, they shall deceive the our children, then we too must join them in very elect."(Matt. 24:24.) sorrow and remorse.

It is remarkable how easy it is for those who desire to advance their financial interests It is important that in our home and by in the world to find a reason for setting aside our own firesides we take more pains to teach the plain teachings of the Lord with reference our sons and our daughters those truths to their lives. And it is strange to me how which the Lord has made plain to us are nemany people fall into the habit of listening cessary for eternal salvation.

to those who say things that are contrary to What a wonderful privilege it is to live the revealed will of our Heavenly Father. in an age such as this! No such opportunities

The very fact that so much money has were ever afforded the human family before.

been made available to many people gives the But with these opportunities and blessings youth in some instances the feeling that bethere also comes temptation. It is everycause money comes relatively easy, honest where present. We must not take too much

toil is not necessary or desirable. And yet I for granted, but be alert. We must feel the

am satisfied that no people have ever lived importance of our duty as fathers and mothupon the earth who, having failed to earn ers and safeguard the future happiness of their livelihood by integrity and industry, our youth.

have not gone to decay. I hope and pray that as members of the

If our children grow up in idleness, we Church we will be more diligent in the future know that this is displeasing to the Lord. than we have been in the past, that we will

We should stress the necessity of morality be more earnest than we have ever been in among the rising generation. It is not safe safeguarding the youth against all manner

for us to leave to our public schools and to of evil.

tfgPaaeJULY 1948 T 425 Someone has summarized the—food,needs offuel,Europeand infaith.threeTowordsthis The CHURCH in Europe

summary should probably be added another three words—clothing, functioning in the stakes and misto negotiate with relief commissions

shelter, and freedom. Whatever the sions of the Church, lives have been that are dominated by the contendneeds, the response to the call for saved, disabilities removed, suffering, occupying, and governing milirelief has been most generous and is ing alleviated, morale restored, and tary powers. No distribution is

deserving of the highest praise. sinking spirits revived. made except on a basis outlined by

Shiploads of supplies have reached The office of the general welfare them, as their consent is necessary the ports of Europe and have been committee has been most efficient before supplies can reach those for distributed where the pressure of and businesslike in discharging its whom they are intended. Diplonecessity has been most acute. tremendous responsibility, which macy, patience, and wisdom must be

These shipments coming from has been, and still is, a gigantic exercised frequently almost beyond across the ocean, have consisted task. One scarcely needs to itemize the point of endurance. The adminmostly of food, clothing, medical the preliminaries and procedures of istration of relief has many angles,

supplies, and such other items as such a largescale undertaking. each one of which is a challenge to

were needful and urgent to save huThey consist of assembling, assortthe best courage and the profoundman life. ing, packing, loading, providing ship est intuition.

Among the most praiseworthy of and railroad transportation, preparBut material relief, to be permathese charities stands the Church of ing shipping documents, notificanently helpful, must be sustained by

Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints. tions of shipment, and many other other factors. Europe is full of turProbably no other organization, details. moil and uncertainty. In many reconsidering the number of its memRecords, requiring skill and acspects the suffering and the anxiety

bers, has done so much to meet the curacy in their preparation, also among the people are far more demands of the starving millions in must be kept for the offices of the poignant and dreadful now in soEurope's warstricken countries. European Mission, the missions to called peacetime than during the

Through its welfare organization, whom the supplies are sent, the war. Whole nations of otherwise

transfer companies, and the relief normal men and women have lost agencies handling the shipments. their courage and incentive to face

This is necessary in order to safestern realities and grim possibilities.

guard the consignments and follow Discouragement and exhaustion are them through to their destinations. undermining their creative capacities. Their will to live as a distinct

HPhe distribution phase of the welpeople is rapidly disappearing.

St. Mary Le Bow, fare program is perhaps the Faith, the bedrock of life, has seriCheapside, London,

one of London's famost difficult and the most trying. ously dwindled and lost its signifimous churches. It requires almost daily contact with cance and power as a force of recovthe starving populations of the warery.

ravaged localities. It is no easy matNo one who has traveled through

ter to listen to the cries of distress Europe in recent months is blind to day after day, to witness the heartthe distress which covers these rending scenes of want and misery, lands. Her people are confused and

and to dole out common necessities bewildered, and her nations are in quantities which can only partly sinking into a state of economic, satisfy. Neither is it an easy thing moral, and spiritual prostration.

d5u ftma >6lOWVie ASSISTANT TO THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE * AND PRESIDENT OF THE EUROPEAN MISSION

Branches of the Church in every ments, seems to have small value in mission have been reopened, reorthe manifold realities of daily life.

ganized, and strengthened. New Thinking people are naturally

life has been injected into the varialarmed at the widespread outbreak ous organizations, and the program of infidelity and skepticism.

of the Church has been set in motion Newspapers in London devote

Wallace G. Bennett, secretary, European Mission, addressing a street meeting at the Custom with vigor and determination. The front page space in calling attention

steps, House Belfast, Ireland. Other missionaries young men of Zion, fresh from the to the situation. In a recent issue of are in the foreground.

army and navy, have accepted calls London's Daily Express the comto preach the gospel of peace in the plaint of a fortyyear-old vicar of

Family life is being disrupted; the counties where they had worn the Airedalewith-Fryston is quoted as

moral fibre of men and women is military uniforms. This is an overfollows:

weakening; economic stability is ture of love and good will unpar- I.have a parish of 7,000, mostly miners

threatened; governments are in alleled in missionary enterprise. and their families; yet my adult congregajeopardy; and the European world In comparison to this spiritual uption in a modern church is usually twelve

is sick with fearful doubts and endlift which has come to the Latteroften only three or four.... I want now

less misgivings. day Saints in Europe, other timeto go somewhere where I can be useful

Food and clothing cannot save honored churches, directed by the do some good. Airedale is hopeless.

the struggling nations. Something highest culture and learning to be In another issue of the same paper,

deeper is lacking, something that is found among men, are losing their under the caption, "Reporters Go to fundamental in the character of a hold upon the minds and hearts of Church,"some of the comments of progressive and forwardlooking their adherents. A consciousness of the reporters who attended religious

people. That something is a faith in God seems to have disappeared services are as follows:

reliance aGod, of them, on his providences, and the powers among of vicar Reverend H. Prophet, The J. R. firm convictionand a are increasing darkness their presthat he will seating 500, Trinity Church, the Holy

come to the rescue of those who sure against the unwary. Religion, spoke to eighty people at Sunday's service.

earnestly seek him. If such faith once the motivating power behind At Paisley with only 88 worshipers and

cannot be established, the prospects great and farreaching accomplish612 empty pews the Reverend John W.

Burnside said yesterday after the morning service: "Nowadays people would rather

listen to Tommy Handley and Eric Barker [radio entertainers] than their minister."

Another young clergyman, the Reverend

Ivor B. Cassam, 31, thinks that 200 people

in his church is "comparatively satisfactory."It seats 800. In St Agnes Church

( Continued on page 428

Francis R. Gasser, assistant servicemen's coordinator in Europe and a member of the staff

of the U. S. Political Advisor for Germany,

shown addressing the L. D. S. conference in

Berlin. President Alma Sonne of the European

A common queue in London. Londoners line Mission is on the stand with President

up for horse meat being sold at a butcher shop. Walter Stover of the East German Mission, and

People must queue for hours to get what little President Jean Wunderlich of the West German food is available. Mission.

for a better life in Europe are dismal and disheartening, for "man cannot live by bread alone"nor can he rise above his spiritual concepts.

T atterday Saints must have a supreme sense of satisfaction as they contemplate the scope of the relief and rehabilitation program of the Church. Much effort has been

expended to provide physical as well as spiritual comfort to the members who are suffering hardships and privations. While food and

clothing were distributed, the spiritual and moral needs were not neglected.

JULY 1948

THE CHURCH IN EUROPE

{Continued from page 427) One wonders to what extent sees many outward manifestations [Bristol] only 150 attended yesterday's physical and material rehabilitation of uneasiness and suspicion.

service, the though holds church 500. And can succeed in view of the spiritual Long queues wait anxiously for Parish seatingat Stoke Church, 1,600, only

one seat in five was occupied to hear and moral disintegration in evidence the food and the clothing offered for the sermon on "The Peace of God."everywhere. Certainly no church sale. Housewives, especially, are

leader can give to others something burdened. They are the custodians

According to the same London he does not possess himself. The of the family ration books, clothing

newspaper the bishop of Lincoln is enthusiasm for religion is gone becoupons, and ration cards, all rereported to have said, cause the basis for faith has been quired before purchases can be destroyed, percentage and a large a pressing manone has made. Each in 70 Here England, percent of our peolived the people without have the family, for problem, agementple outside are little of the church, efof and

fort is made to win them back. guidance, and the agelong sources whether large or small, must be fed,

of inspiration have been ignored. clothed, and provided with the ordiIs it any wonder that the Pope of Europe is a land of magnificent nary household necessities. It is no

Rome, according to the Catholic churches and cathedrals. Their easy task, for the controls are rigid,

newspaper, Universe, should say: steeples penetrate the skies from and the black markets thrive. There

cities, towns, hamlets, and countryis something superbly praiseworthy religious crisis The church today faces a

is the people perhapsamong which the sides. But where is the spirit which about the composure, the loyalty,

most serious religion has had since the beprompted their construction? Where the ingenuity, and the innate wisginning of Christianity. is the faith to sustain their use and dom of these housewives.

preservation? They have evidently Politically, the nations are flounThe cause of this drift from redisappeared before the onslaught dering. Vain and unscrupulous men

ligion can perhaps best be stated in of doubt and false learning and behave discovered a fertile field in the words spoken to the Prophet Joneath the cataclysm and ruin of war. which to disseminate their doctrines

seph Smith in reference to the reliof distrust and discontent. Division

gious leaders of his day: 'XX7'ithout doubt many people in and discord are paving the way for

... they draw near to me with their lips, Europe are hungry and desrule by minorities, and the unsusbut their hearts are far from me; they teach perate, for there is "famine in the pecting are being headed toward

for doctrines the commandments of men, land."From dawn to dark it is a demagoguery and despotism. The

having a form of godliness, but they deny flourishing is that the danger democfor struggle them to live. Homes

thereof.the power the will forsake past racies of the cities destroyed; have have been

principles of to which government blasted; buildings, public a of apbeen commission A report their former achievements owe shrines, transthey cherished landmarks,pointed of the Archbishops by Cantheir foundations which upon and facilities, roads, bridges, portation religiousterbury conYork on and

laid. have been convents, churches, cathedrals, inditions calls Britain attenGreat

tion to the decline in Christian monasteries, schools, hospitals, garThese and many other factors of morals in words as follows dens, and places of recreation have discouragement weigh heavily upon been seriously damaged if not comthe people. Their hopes have been

Depravity is a sure symptom of spiritual pletely destroyed. The picture, to shattered, their ambitions crushed,

revealed,disease. has and war The frustheir aspirations deepest and least, is bleak the also say and forbidin truthfulnessaccelerated, a sharp dechne evitrated. every side sees on One life condiding. Social and home alarming honesty, an andand personal

spread of sexual laxity, and of the gambling tions have been profoundly disturbed dences of a crumbling civilization.

fever.... Magistrates have expressed their and one hears much complaint and Freedom, itself, so necessary for

anxiety at the rise (in the serious nature human happiness and progress, is as well as in the quantity) of juvenile being lost amid the despair and the of teachers complaincrime. School

theirdifficulty of impressing upon young SOLO FLIGHT hopelessness of war's desolation.

all of these evidences Regardless stealof lying the abominationcharges and the uncertainty decadence and their elders at By Georgea Rice Clark of theying which copy from government has found ithome. to The a higher and better way the trailless response

against resort to poster propagandasary to altogether discouragof life is not necesTheflightman who dares attempt all disease, to issue tovenereal and medical And looks into the future without fear, ing. Despite all adverse influences the problemofficers of health a circular on

of illegitimate babies.... The gravest feaShall mount with clearing vision through there are visible manifestations

ture in the whole situation is that there is the night among the people, old and young, of so little feeling of shame in. loose living, And lift his craft into the stratosphere. the fundamental virtues and the

the cutting bear Undaunted, he muststill less in dishonesty. untruthfulness or pain conquering faith which sustained

stinging, knifeedged sleet and Of jagged responsibility of has duty of and senseThe former generations. wind, is longer a undermined. There nobecome

generally accepted moral standard by For he must halt and fall and climb again which men judge their own actions.... And through his punishments be disciplined. HPhe gospel message is being presoar stand and watch him below The many is affairs or public in privateDishonesty heretofore sented unmeans by never they the paths uncharted dream To result inevitable of the the aside aswaved It is variinto reaching the known. to within the door Exist, turn then crowd

of as idea system. a a maneconomic The fill duties dull regime. plodding a Where society of avenues a better ous and is in of disapperson dangerresponsible the realm claims upper who The man is his understanding of Mormonism in living belief the loss of a apearing with own

God. Must be resigned to make his trip alone. (Concluded on page 467)

428 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The Need ol (he World: optimismthing's goingis fine somylongway."as it doesn'tNow,

cause one to sidestep issues or dodge reality. It is a wonderful feeling to know that all is well, but it is

ino compliment to feel that way if it isn't so. Sometimes people will SUPER MEN drink, solicit praise or flattery, brag,

bully, spend money conspicuously in order to demonstrate wealth, or in

H5u Maroid.J. Lkndtenden other ways try to steal the feeling

that comes with success or superiorPROFESSOR OF SOCIOLOGY AND FAMILY LIFE ity. But these are all substitutes;

PURDUE UNIVERSITY none of them really makes a man superior; and the "hangover"from

their use is sometimes terrific.

Superiority is a quality of the soul t is not of comic strip characters deceptive and sterile. Knowledge that comes from thinking deeply

I that I write, nor is my purpose to can be used for evil as well as for and living righteously and gener- * entertain by dealing with the good, and it has been all too often. ously. It is based upon knowledge,

imaginative. What I have to say Perhaps, after all, motivation is but it is more than that. It is based

here is both serious and practical, more important than information upon selfrighteousness, but it is for it concerns forces or powers when it comes to building a better more than that also. The superior

which make men great. world. Perhaps attitude, spirit, and man or woman is the one who is

There is, of course, an analogy drive mean more in lifting men to fair and honest in his relationships between the colorful feats of some new horizons than do cJeverness with others. It is love, fellowship,

comic strip men and the actual acand technical skill. Certainly it brotherhood, and selfsacrifice that

complishments of superior individshould be clear by now that a mechare at the bottom of true greatuals, for in both cases there is seen anized world does not ness. Without these

a power beyond the ordinary, an necessarily mean a virtues man is common achievement far ahead of what is better world. The "Superiority is a and ordinary; with anticipated. We cannot hope to progress concept is in quality of the soul them he is superior.

rival the feats of fiction nor should need of moral orientathat comes from Greatness is born of we attempt it, but with the help of tion. thinking deeply humility, not of arroGod and a will to try, we can, in a Hitler made the misand living rightgance; of inward Tightreal sense,very "superbecome take of thinking not of outward that eously and generness,men."he could create superforce. or show Christ ously"is all that animal is. But out Man of men his people set the example, and

potentially man is something much by putting machines in all have the call to be more—he has an intelligence that their hands and corrupt thoughts in like him.

can be used to lift him far above their minds. Both of these techReligion is the best possible inthe animal. The saddest fact of niques are manmade, and neither centive to righteous living, and the

our age is that this divine potential is enough. Right makes might, rathbetter or truer the religion the

in man is so seldom) turned into er than the reverse. No man is made stronger should be the incentive.

an actual force for good. There superior by merely thinking he is so, Latterday Saints,then,have"every

are too many persons today who or by treading upon others. Rightreason to be supermen

live to level; is thecontinue eousness animal on the only source lastof In spirit the of selfimprovement

isthere ing of too the power. commonmuch each of u& shou]d agk

littleplace too reaching and upIt t doesn take to supermen he wage up. measures Perhaps will some selfishness tooward; much and not war. matter of fact, As a most wars discover that they little are a bit like

soul. bigness ofenough

Yet, never before has the world needed supermen so much as it does 'Knowledge can be used for evil as well as for good."

today.

Apparently, it is not technoloqi-.,,,,

re on the subhuman the ** OUt farmer who, instructed whencal by that f alone advancement human- L f Bf Cllege SOn on proved farming for in thisity needs, science of age man. atrocity! Tx/fIl.'""Witness But it will11 hiSpractices, answered, I "Well, son, are miraclesmechanical being pertake supermen to make and mainam only farming half as well as Iformed daily and the wildest technological dreams are realized in the tain peace. know how, now."This farmer

process. In spite of all this, mankind Others, too, have erred in believlacked in motivation more than he

goes right on suffering, and in an in 9 that there are shortcuts to sulacked in knowledge. How many of

intensively never before known. perionty, and in grasping at illusions us are in the same fix

substitutions. and Like the charimportant An part of any religion religion that the IT be world acterould in Oklahoma, try to many have is its vitality. Theology, too, is imis that Science a soul needs? without "wonderful feeling that every- ( Concluded on page 470)

JULY 1948 429

Service to the Young Women

ASSOCIATE EDITOR

her active Church service as a Sunher sisters addressed and stamped day School teacher; she then served thousands of letters to the memberas organist, secretary, and counselor ship of the Church, urging their

in the Primary Association. At the support of this vital magazine.

age of eighteen she was made a During the trip to Europe which ward president of Y.W.M.I.A., and she made with her father, President

from that time forward, she has Heber J. Grant, she wrote a series

been engaged in Mutual activity of articles titled, "The Log of a Euwith the exception of three years. ropean Tour,"which ran in The

In 1901, she filled a mission to the Improvement Era and revealed deWestern States, one of the first unlightful qualities of mind and spirit married women to go on a regular as well as her indomitable faith.

mission. In 1 9 7, she was called to the Married to George J. Cannon in

general board of the Y.W.M.I.A. the Salt Lake Temple, she is the

She has acted as counselor to two mother of seven children. She has

presidents, Martha Home Tingey lived to the heritage that is hers as and Ruth May Fox, until she was daughter of President Heber J.

called to be general president, OctoGrant and Lucy Stringham—and by

ber 29, 1937, which position she held dint of her own fortitude Sister until April 1948, when her health Cannon has added to that heritage.

made it wise for her to be released. We can be sure that Sister CanTogether with her appointment as non will carry into her new enLUCY GRANT CANNON general president of the Mutual, Sisdeavors the same diligence that she

President ter Cannon became the associate has evidenced thus far in her life.

While her activities may not be so ske (\etirinq widespread as they have been as presi- [-redidt\enav general dent of the thirtyone ---n Y. W. M. I. A.

Foryears Genwhich has careral Presiried her into dent Lucy Grant nearly every Cannon has lastake and misbored in the.: sion in the

presidency or Church, they on the general will be still conboard of the ducive of great

Young Womgood among en's Mutual Imthose with provement Aswhom she lasociation. The bors.

news of her release has touch- \T E R N A ed the hearts of Wright the many MuGoddard, first tual workers counselor to throughout the Sister Cannon, has a madeChurch who for herplacehave been priviVERNAFirst W.CounselorGODDARD LUCYSecond7. CounselorANDERSEN

leged to partake self among the of her fine spirit young women and share her testimony. manager of The Improvement Era of the Church. A daughter of KindSister Cannon has exemplified the and has served in that capacity since ness Badger and Joseph A. Wright,

gospel in all of her activities. Her that time. She has long been intershe, like Sister Cannon, early befaith has been unwavering; her spirested in the welfare of the Era, for came active in the Church, first as a

it undaunted in trying to bring prinat the time when her father, Heber Sunday School teacher and chorister ciples of correct living to the young J. Grant, decided that the Era was at the age of fourteen. As ward

women of the Church. She began essential to the Church, she with (Concluded on page 476)

430 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

tL UW.WJ.-J.of the Church Lk

TheY.W.M.I.A.new generalcomespresidencyinto ofofficethe bringingrolment inalltheyoungY.W.M.I.A.women into enwith a wealth of experience in Her gracious personality will atworking with young people. Sister tract young folk to her; her acute

Bertha Stone Reeder of Ogden, understanding of their problems will

Utah, was appointed general presihold them; her astuteness will aid

dent of the Y.W.M.I.A. at the her in winning more of them to the

April 1 948 general conference, with Mutual.

the provision that the former presiBrother and Sister Reeder have dency and board carry on through two sons and a daughter. (See

June conference. Like her predecesMay 1948 Era, p. 265, for further

sor she has rare qualities of mind details.

and spirit. She has a keen, evaluatCongratulations are due Sister

ing intellect and a limitless reservoir Reeder on her latest assignment in of spirituality. She has experienced the Church, but lest anyone think

enough of the vicissitudes of life to that it is all glory, let him think of develop a sympathetic response to the responsibilities that devolve problems which confront young upon one called to an office of this women. Added to these rare and kind. Sister Reeder herself when

essential qualities Sister Reeder has she learned of her appointment bean infinite capacity for work—a necgan to launder everything in the

essary qualification for this assignhouse that needed washing since she ment. said she simply had to keep busy

Sister Reeder and her husband, and refrain from thinking of the apJudge William H. Reeder, Jr., have pointment. For three or four nights

recently returned from a mission to BERTHAPresidentSTONE REEDER the New England states, over which they presided for five and Jke V /ewiu Appointed onehalf years. f-mdidiencf

Her activity in SHffliM5fiJp?TW needs and qualthe mission field

gave her a rich, ifications o f those whom she new experience to wishes work which also will in with her prove valuable filling the assignin her new callment. The wising. dom and inspiHer wide exration evidenced

perience in the Church auxiliin the selection of her counselaries has given ors are indicaher a varied aptions of her viproach for her new position. sion. Her insight

into the probShe has worked lems that need in the various immediate soluorganizations of tion is almost the Church: the

uncanny. She Sunday School,

has been gifted H. the EMILY BENNETT Primary, C. LARUE

First Counselor second Counselor Second LONGDEN with Mutual a—as the in sight her ward, stake board, or a general after she had been sustained gener judgment o f

board member. She understands al president, she slept very little. people and has the rare quality of

and loves camp work and is eager But she has counseled with the being able to convert people to her to help all girls experience the outformer presidency (another sign of point of view.

in ofdoors their to order enrich her greatness), has asked direction general president, As although lives further. feels sincerely She the from advisers the from Council she has a truly hospitable beauand

all girls for having the need the of the adthe First Twelve Presiand tiful home in Ogden, detershe has vantages of Mutual work and is dency, and has learned her responmined to spend three days in the especially eager to find ways of sibilities. She has a clear eye to the (Continued on page All)

JULY 1948 431 The Record

the missionary work in Wales, which has sent to the Church in the west such a bounteous quota of converts.

That was the auspicious beginning of the harvest of souls in

Wales.

One century later began the harvest of Welsh records—records of

the ancestry of the many thousands of Welsh descendants in the Church today.

Several years ago Colonel HowThe Facade and Terraces of the National Library ard S. Bennion, later president of

New York Stake, returned from a genealogical quest in Wales, and in glowing terms of the newWales has bequeathed much to S. Dilworth Young and Milton R. spoke

theChrist—inlatterdaymusic,Churchin ofspiritualJesus Hunter,Grand Richards.and Presiding Bishop LeNationalAberystwyth,Libraryof theofscholarlyWales andat

idealism, in the lineage of its leaders The conversion of Wales was a and members. cherished plan in the heart of the Aberystwyth from Constitution Hill

Welsh blood permeates the whole Prophet in the very last hours of his

Church. In the final analysis it will life.

be found that almost all families On the night of June 2627, 1844, among us, in the earlier stages of two representatives of that land, their pedigrees, will trace one or fellow prisoners, lay side by side in more lines of their progenitors to Carthage Jail. Whispered Joseph

Wales. Smith to Dan Jones:

Many notable leaders of the past "Are you afraid to die?"

are now known tO'be of that line- "Has that time come, think you?"

age. These include the Prophet JoDan responded. "Engaged in such

seph Smith and his two counselors, a cause, I do not think that death

Frederick G. Williams and Hyrum would have many terrors."

Smith; President Brigham Young Prophetically Joseph replied:

and counselors Heber C. Kimball, "You will yet see Wales and fulfil

Willard Richards, George A. Smith, the mission appointed you before

Jedediah Morgan Grant, Daniel H. you die."progressive attitude of the librarian,

Wells, and John W. Young; PresiNext day Joseph went to a Sir William Davies, and of the exdents John Taylor, Wilford Woodmartyr's death. Dan Jones, earlier cellent work being done in calling

ruff, Lorenzo Snow, Joseph F. sent from the prison by the Prophet in, reconditioning, restoring, and

Smith, Heber J. Grant; John Henry on an important errand to Governor photostating dilapidated Welsh

Smith, Franklin D. Richards, Joseph Ford, was prevented by the mob parish registers. He felt that if we

Young, Seymour B. Young, and from reentering, and escaped those were in earnest, official permission

George Q. Cannon; and apostles who sought his life, living to permight be obtained to microfilm such

Parley P. Pratt, Orson Pratt, Orson form the promised mission. records as were under the jurisdic-

F. Whitney, Rudger Clawson, and tion of the National Library.

Reed Smoot. "VT early a year later, at a conferAs the microfilming projects of

Among present General Authorience held in Manchester, Engour Genealogical Society expanded ties of Welsh descent are all memland, April 7, 1 845, Dan Jones, lateto Great Britain, Elder James R.

bers of the First Presidency—Presily arrived from America, was apCunningham, genealogical chairman

dents George Albert Smith, J. pointed president of the Welsh of the British Mission, visited the

Reuben Clark, Jr., and David O. Conference, then consisting of himNational Library of Wales in behalf

McKay; at least half of the Twelve self and wife. An eloquent and fluof our Society on July 10, 1946. He

ent speaker of both the English and reported:—President George F. Richards, Joseph Fielding Smith, Stephen L Welsh languages, by the help of the

Richards, Joseph F. Merrill, Albert Lord and the earnest force of his I was very well received by the librarian

in office his hours spent and a half and two within spirituality, the space he hadE. and Spencer Bowen, W. Kimball;

It library. in the being around shown the of bapand means been of two yearsPatriarch G. Smith; and also Eldred

is the of structure, beautiful a very one

Elders Thomas E. McKay and Cliftizing and adding to the Church finest in the country....

ford E. Young; Presidents Levi about two thousand members. Thus The librarian explained to me that it has

Edgar Young, Richard L. Evans, he became the recognized founder of already been arranged that all the parishes

432 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 5u Tvckloald *jf. i5ennettHarvest in Wales

GENERAL SECRETARY OF THE GENEALOGICAL SOCIETY of Wales, some fifteen hundred, deposit OF THE CHURCH OF JESUS CHRIST OF LATTERDAY SAINTS their parish registers in this central depository where they will be preserved and cared for.... It will take from two to three reached this secluded spot. But as Colonel John Jones, one of the

years to have these records brought into we walked through lanes and meadregicides who signed the death warthe library and filed, etc. To obtain perows and golf courses, we held our rant of King Charles I in 1649. It

to film registers will these mission we the of length out the entire stretched meeting, individual testimony have own to the contact commissionChurch Welsh feet, giving not room, thirtytwo related harfor Elder Cunningham ers. librarian indicated already has The

that he would be happy to let us film the rowing incidents of the bombings in only his lines of ancestry but all the registers. However, the matter will have London and testified simply but imfamily coatsof-arms in color.

to be put before the committee.... pressively how the Lord had miracSir William Davies, the chief librarian, ulously preserved his family and the the volumes in the Peniarth

is of the a very fine is a member man. He AMONGCollection were two large volof Historical the families of the Saints in Great Manuscript Commission

Public Record Office, Chancery Lane, LonBritain amid all those threatening umes containing the original pedidon, and his influence in Wales is great. perils, so that only one Saint had grees and coatsof-arms of the

He already knows quite a lot about our been killed during the air raids on celebrated genealogist and antihe introduced Church, and to a me Robert Vaughan man England. of Wales, quary

told, who, Owens, knows named Bob I am fruits were the Hengwrt. Here Next morning was the beginning of else the than about anyone more Welshmen

who went to America. He knows about the of a very important day. We were of his lifelong efforts to seek out the

migration of the early Saints. I found him up early to fill our appointment at lineage of his forefathers, and from

a typically Welsh gentleman with a copi- 1 1 a.m. with Sir William Davies at him the links of life are traced back

ous knowledge of Welsh genealogy. the National Library. Aloft on a hill in a veritable network of family conpOLLOWiNG up this first favorable we could see it gleaming, white, and nections. Of him and his skilful

response, on June 21, 1947, we imposing, in a beautiful setting. The work we had read, and we knew

boarded a midnight train from Lonfuture of our microfilming in Britain that his daughter, Jane Vaughan, don for Aberystwyth, arriving there would depend largely on the result married Robert Owen, and came of the interview to be held soon with him and their wellknown son, within those halls, for we were Dr. Griffith Owen, to Pennsylvania

about to make formal request for in 1684. The latter was a surgeon,

permission to begin one of the judge, lawmaker, and a leading minlargest projects of that nature in the ister in the Society of Friends. He

British Isles, one likely to require induced William Penn to set apart five years of continuous copying. 40,000 acres in the new colony as a

By 9 a.m. we ascended the steps Welsh tract, to be settled exclusiveand stood within the beautiful and ly by Welsh people and where the

fully modern structure. It did not (Continued on page 467)

open to the public until 10 a.m., but,

eager to learn all we could, we made our purpose known, and Mr. Evan

D. Jones, keeper of manuscripts and

records, came at once and showed

The Promenade and War Memorial,

Aberystwyth us through the entire library and rooms filled with precious manuscript collections.

at found 10 a.m. the next day. We Most interesting to us of all we seaside a delightful Aberystwyth

resort, and throughout the day saw was the immense store of many coaches came bringing holirecords: pedigree, parish, and proday groups from surrounding bate. There were volumes of manuscript pedigrees compiled by famous places. a quiet Sunday, spent We genealogists; photostat and

strolling the beach and the Welsh around crowded waterfront, listening to transcript copies of parish registers;

band concerts and choral singing. It wills from all of Wales down to the

was a glorious day of sunshine filled year 1858; and a book bindery dounbelievably ing skilful work in rejoy. climbed with hope and We storing old records.

hills, these from and nearby some eminences saw the shimmering sea, In one manuscript room Mr. Jones

calm and blue, stretching far into unrolled one huge roll which proved the distance. It is said that from this to be the parchment pedigree of

place the entire coast of Wales can be seen.

No destruction of war had The National(The Readers'LibraryRoom)of Wales

JULY 1948 T he black bear cub stood at bay against the rear wall of the TYEE den. His woolly head was thrust

forward, and there was defiance in little his eyes flat, the as he watched thing yellow creeping slowly ever so /k e v a utan t toward him from the entrance.

While he had been drowsing, the By dry moss and bracken had been pawed from the doorway, his mother HUBERT EVANS had gone, and he was left alone to face this formless shining thing.

The cub knew nothing of what ding the outer bark to fluffy streamhim when he dawdled. At last the

lay outside. This den in the hollow ers in her effort to blunt and afternoon sunlight twinkled through

cedar was his world; weeks ago he strengthen her claws after the long the lichendappled trunks ahead,

had been born here, and until now disuse of the winter. Then one mornand they heard the faint murmur of

he had shared it with his mother. ing while the "swamp robins"piped waves on the lake's shelving beaches.

This glaring enemy dazzled him. their cool, unvaried song, the old The old bear stopped, for from the

Outside, the warming April wind bear led Tyee down the sidehill toshore the breeze carried to her the droned lazily through the everward the blue lake in the valley miles intoxicating odor of meat.

greens, and the swollen mountain away. Swinging her head greedily she

stream filled the den with a vibrant Wild things in that northland forgathered the scent into her nostrils.

undertone of movement. The cedar est were stirring, in answer to the She started, and when Tyee began

branches draping the entrance spring's rousing summons. Blue and to follow, she snarled and ordered

stirred again, and a spearhead of willow grouse hooted and drummed. him to sit down and wait for her

invading sunlight shot forward and Above the high tops of spruce and here. Half an hour passed and dutitouched his flank. cedar, dense flocks of grosbeaks fully he stayed in hiding. A winter

For a half second he tried to wheeled and spiraled in graceful, wren teetered on the tips of hemlock shrink closer to the wall, and then joyous flight. Tyee was pleased, brush in front of him, singing a song

he whirled and cuffed left and right curious of all things they passed. whose jerky trills and liquid stacat the gleaming thing. He did not But for his mother there was the catos made Tyee lift his ears and

squall for his mother as other cubs menace of the enemy who had crane his neck to watch. Then from

might have done. He fought. In this, trailed her so persistently last seathe shore a dull explosion sounded.

his first contact with the British son; for her the armistice with winter The shy song ceased, the singer

Columbia wilderness, his staunch was over, and she must be on her vanished, and Tyee was alone.

heart would not surrender. In body guard.

he was weak, but in spirit Tyee the Last spring, under the big trees J. he cub knew nothing of

cub was well fitted for the months through whose shadows she must man or man's weapons, but the surly which lay ahead. pass today, she had killed an Indian. vehemence of the report brought a

Then unexpectedly his mother She had been crossing a small open danger warning. A shadow swept

came, and the instant her body place when a rifle shot from down over the moss close by, and at the blocked the doorway the yellow wind had raked her shoulder. As she raucous jeer of a Steller's jay he

thing vanished. His mother backed spun around, clawing at the searing swung onto his fat haunches, his

out and called him with throaty, hurt, a young Indian had broken paws dangling to defend himself.

coaxing growls. Warily he inclined cover from a devilclub thicket, and But the blue pirate kept on its way.

his rolypoly body forward, shuffled she had charged him. His second It understood the meaning of that

on all fours to the door and ventured and third shots had missed. He shot and knew there might be feastout. Within a few minutes he was never fired again, but as the bear ing in the brush beside the lake.

accepting the light as unquestionmauled him, his scream brought his The afternoon ended. Chilling air

ably as did his mother. brother to the scene. The bear had currents came to Tyee through the

fled, followed by a futile shot, but spreading gloom from the snow

Louring the next few from that day, Kitlobe, the brother fields high up the valley. He was

days, the cub learned much of outof the slain Indian, had taken up the hungry, but his mother would soon door scents and sounds. Sometimes feud. So far, by cunning or by forcome to him. She always had. Night

he trudged at his mother's flank tune's whim, she had escaped. found him traveling aimlessly, but

while she went to the bottom of the After her long hibernation, the old because he was Tyee, the valiant, it draw and dug skunk cabbage roots bear was ravenous. The warty roots never occurred to him that he was

from the black ground. Sometimes of the skunk cabbage were edible, beaten.

he sat, unquestioning and patient, but lean and with a cub to feed, she Once, long after dark, he was while she reared to her full height craved flesh. She kept persistently circling a thicket when a doe

and raked her claws through the on until, hours later, they reached bounded up, her sharp front hoofs bark of a small cedar, gouging deep the valley bottom. Sometimes she stabbing the moss in scared defiance.

into the.white sapwood and shreddrove the cub ahead of her, cuffing The doe snorted and vanished in

434 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA one clean swinging bound. But three of a noisy stream which ran across "You're pretty young for that.

hours later, in the blackness just bethe timbered flat to join the lake. Have to pull those quills."Powers

fore the gray invasion of the dawn, Whimpering softly, he sat beside turned to the door. "Kitlobe!"he

an enemy that was neither fleet nor a boulder and licked his smarting shouted.

wary wounded him. paw. He could not cross this creek, Kitlobe Joe, the Indian packer,

Whimpering dolorously from hunand so he put his throbbing foreleg came out and eyed the prisoner.

ger and cold, he was plodding down again and started to limp lake- "Wonder where the old lady got around the splayed roots of a spruce ward, bedraggled, crippled, but unto?"his employer commented. He

when a drab shape directly in his beaten. Dawn had come fully when intended to remove those quills, but

path stirred with a brittle rustling. he reached the creek mouth and saw first he wanted to be sure the protests

Tyee read the threat and dealt the the squat cabin just above the line of the patient would not bring an increature a cuff on the head, when of driftwood on the beach. furiated parent to interrupt the opwith surprising agility the porcupine He lifted his forefeet to a fallen eration.

whirled, and a dozen quills remained log and, craning his neck, he had an "She no hurt peoples more,"the in the paw's fleshy pad. The cub unbroken view of the log shack. He Siwash stated. He started at Tyee

with complacent triumph. "Long

time I hunt that old bear—now she

dead. Sure."

"How you figger that?"

Tyee, still halfcrazed by the "You know that deer I kill up lake fight, to face Kitlobe whirled las'week? All right. I leave head,

rifle this v/as but not time the leveled. insides. I fix set gun. I know that

bear come. That cultus bear dead

now."Tyee's snarls made him turn.

"You wait here. I fix this one

too,"he went on and started indoors for his rifle.

saw its leanto woodshed and the "Put that away,"the cruiser orhigh prowed Indian dugout drawn dered when the Indian appeared up on the sloping gravel. The place with the weapon. "I want to get

was very quiet; even the creek those quills out. Go fetch a blanket."

slipped soundlessly here between its Reluctantly Kitlobe obeyed. This

level banks, and on some point far big white man with his silly habit of across the lake a flock of Canada making pets of squirrels, jays, and geese were gossiping excitedly as any other wild thing that came near they circled low over some promising the cabin, was certainly unwise in new feeding ground. After the sinbefriending the offspring of a bear

ister gloom of the forest, the weathwho was a killer. The Indian

ered cabin and its meager clearing brought the blanket and after Tyee promised a vague security. Tyee had been bundled up in it, he held

scrambled over the log, limped forthe paw of the struggling cub while ward and found himself on the trodhis employer, with the aid of a pair den ground outside the woodshed of pliers, drew out the quills.

door. Kitlobe Joe felt sure that this cub

belonged to the shebear who had

J. he littered interior held killed his brother. And that aftermemories of the den he had left, and noon when he returned from up the

after a few suspicious snufflings he lake and dumped the hide of the old

WwWWiiWWWiMiw entered, hobbled to the farthest corbear into the woodshed, the cub's ner and curled up on a pile of clean behavior was final proof of the truth smelling cedar shavings he found of his surmise. Tyee ran to it,

shook his paw and stood his ground, there. Instantly, like a wearied pupnuzzling the rumpled fur, whining

snarling. The porcupine waited, py, he dropped his head and slept. with such pathetic eagerness and

signaling defiance with a warning Half an hour later Tyee swayed, perplexity that Powers gruffly and slap of its blunt tail. Then it snarling, to his feet. Confused by emphatically ordered the Indian to

waddled hurriedly into the gloom. the strangeness of the place, drugged take it away.

Tyee watched it go. He shook his by fatigue, he sensed the danger. "All right,"Kitlobe grunted. This

paw again, sucking it and gnawing Then he saw the man standing in sentimental softness of his employer peevishly at the stinging bristles the doorway. made him feel superior. He would

embedded there. Then he too "No need to get huffy about it, have nothing to do with such nonshuffled on his way. young fellerme-lad,"the timber sense, and this fostering of the cub

As the long night wore on, Tyee cruiser grinned. "I didn't ask you whose mother had killed his young

lost all sense of his location. At last, to den up in my woodshed."brother filled him with deep resentwhen the first of the dawn began to Tyee, at bay, glared ferociously. ment. But he could wait. His time

filter through the thatch of boughs Then Bill Powers, the cruiser, saw would come.

above, he found himself on the banks the wounded paw. {Continued on page 470)

JULY 1948 435 "the land NOBODY wanted"

/4okn <UJ. LjLie6 &

EXECUTIVE SECRETARY, UTAH PIONEER TRAILS AND LANDMARKS ASSOCIATION AND BUSINESS MANAGER "THE IMPROVEMENT ERA"

WhenUtah Brighampioneers Younginto theledvalleythe Courtesy, Utah State Historical Society; from "State of Deserel,""Utah Historical Quarterly,"Vol. 8

of the Great Salt Lake in July 1847, he brought them to a land ing toward the Rocky Mountain gon, then an area of uncertain nobody else wanted. Daniel Webregion from the northwest, with boundary in the northwest, or to

ster on the floor of the United covetous eyes upon what was then California, of equally uncertain

States Senate had described the enregarded as merely rich fur trapping boundary, in the southwest. No

tire mountain and plains section as country. one, looking for farm lands,

worthless land infested with wild Senator Thomas H. Benton of stopped in the valleys of the

animals, Indians, and rattlesnakes. Missouri, chief sponsor of the Rocky Mountains. Under these

When Fathers Escalante and Fremont expedition, realized that a conditions, as Brigham Young read

Dominguez, Catholic priests of the race was on between Great Britain the reports of those who had exFranciscan Order, were in what is and the United States for what plored this region, he realized that now Utah, in 1776, they reported later proved to be one of the world's just such a country was what the for.that there might be a few desirable richest prizes—the Rocky Mountain Latterday Saints were looking

locations for settlement in the Utah region. He figured that if we had He told his associates that he was

Valley and farther south, but they colonies established in the mounlooking for a place nobody else had no enthusiasm for the area to tains we would have a claim prior wanted. He could readily see that,

the north. Fifty years later when to that of Great Britain. at least for many years, there would

the trappers under General William Captain Fremont, accustomed as be little if any competition for land

H. Ashley came, they saw no ophe was to areas where vegetation in the Rocky Mountains. So he

portunity for settlements and carried grew everywhere, failed to see the brought his people to the mountain that word back to the frontier on the potentialities of this dry and barren valley to establish permanent homes

Missouri River and elsewhere. desert land. Irrigation was practiand churches where they could worWhen Captain B. L. E. Bonneville cally unknown in this country, and ship God according to the dictates

came into the mountains in 1832 was used in only a very primitive of their own consciences.

with a scientific expedition, neither manner, even where it was being When Brigham Young met Jim he nor the men he sent out over practised in some parts of the world. Bridger on the Little Sandy River,

in what is now Wyoming, the dis- s Brigham Young read the reports of those mancouragingwho probablypicture paintedknew theby Saltthe who had explored this region, he realized Lake Valley better than any other that just such a country was what the Latterday man then living, served only to inSaints were looking for. crease the determination of the

pioneer leader to follow the course this area saw any future for what is As emigrants to the west coast he had already charted. Referring

now Utah. When Captain John moved over the old Oregon to the historic meeting on the Little

Sandy, it was reported some yearsC. Fremont came into the present Trail—there were 50,000 of them later that as the Mormon pioneersUtah in 1843, he came with definite in 1845—some were tempted to give

instructions to search out places up and settle in the mountains, but continued their journey westward, where American colonies could be when they saw the land they would Bridger said to the men with him, located. The Britishowned Hudson have to till and the lack of vegeta- "I don't care what happens to those

Bay Company was gradually worktion, they moved on, either to Ore- {Continued on page 462) 436 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA tL NAVAJOS J Mt

Martin Bushman, Donald Davis, and I walked swiftly in the OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY cold toward the waiting car.

Overhead the stars seemed exceptionally bright in the high dry air. I interrupted, "Could that be one the cinch, and did it in great jerks.

Orion and the Pleiades seemed of the derivatives of Utah, and does The horse was thrown off balance, closer than usual as they swung in Utah mean 'dwellers in the high and in the course of its plunging, their long arc across the sky. In the lands'?"brought one front hoof down on the

low east a faint streak of light pre- 'I suppose so—at least I've heard Indian's moccasined foot, then left

saged the coming dawn. It was a that Utah means 'top of the mounit there. The chief continued to

great morning, an invigorating tains'—but they don't call themsaddle up—his foot pinned down

morning. selves that. They refer to themwith no change of expression.

the car north toward selves We headed as through, he got he reached Dineh—'the men'—'the When "Holbrook. Holbrook we Beyond people.'horse's fetlock the down, took and

would find the desert—the painted The Navajos consider themselves extricated his foot. Then he walked

desert—the buttes, the mesas—and superior people—and therefore are over to a rock, sat down, took off

the Navajos. So we were animated, indeed "the men,""the people."the moccasin, felt his foot, which

eager, and interested. "I'd like that to be in the hearts of was rapidly turning black and blue,

"The Navajos call Snowflake our Scouts,"I mused, "the men."replaced the moccasin, walked withTo"dhiUthkisthbee"hee"observed Somehow the word makes them out limping to the horse, mounted

Martin Bushman. "Todhilthkisth, larger in our eyes, with new dignity. and rode away as though nothing

means 'black water'beehee is the had happened. That is one side of

word for canyon—so you have \\7e sped through Holbrook and Navajo character.

Black Water Canyon."out into the desert. "But,"he continued, "they are

"The road we are on,"he con- "They call Holbrook D(t)ish a \so Very curious about things. In

tinued, "is called a-reen (swallow yahkin,"said Martin as we drove the early days when people were 'n'is a chitti, so car ourthe 'square houses "It the through. means piothe into this country, coming "is chittiateen. One onroad we); are trees.* under the the over breaking a road neers were

thing you brethren must not do is "What are some of the Navajo Buckskin Mountain (Kaibab placall the Indian home a hogan. It is characteristics?"we asked as we teau ), and one of the outsiders was

pronounced as though it were were approaching a long line of Seth Tanner. Tanner was a large

spelled hcfgdne, swallowing the buttes and mesas. man and had muscles like iron bands.

don'tfinal your ne throat. You down tell story a "I you can of riding ahead the wagon was about He

"'hoose.'. pronounced house yourwant grand. that began Martin My out train marking mulCf strong on a

Well, the Navajos don t want you father john Bushman, was the a trail to follow. At one place a large

to Anne their home, either. keeper f the storehouse of the juniper limb hung out over the proproud are very "The Navajos in City. The Joseph. United Order the limb, to road up posed H e rode

callpeople. The Apaches a called Naishknee, him his arm, and the with limb them Navajos hooked

Utuhhan. Sort of swallow the.tnh trader or to trade> Qne day a chief graSped the horn of the saddle with

and make the han abrupt with the n came to thc post riding on a buckhis hand. He spurred the mule

house—orhalf swallowed.lives highThis up."means high up skintne horse,g laSseyedremovedstallion.the saddleHe tiedandup whichthe limblungeddidn't break,forward.so strongAlthoughwas

went in to trade. After a while he Tanner that he held on, and the

came out, went over to the horse force of the plunge jerked the mule and saddled the animal. He was up* on his hind legs. He eased the

unmerciful as he started to tighten m uje around> tooka fresh hold, and tried again. This time the limb broke

with a loud snap. A group of five or

Navajo braves, riding along lg!? 55! {Continued on page 474)

te*os>ja'B

—Drawn from a sketch

by the Author

JULY 1948 437 The story of the HORSE CHESTNUT

Horse chestnut trees have again damei //. J4teron 1787, when the Constitutional Conblossomed in our land. Like vention was in session in Philasweet heralds of late spring andelphia, that Washington and one

nouncing the warm summer days to summer palace, Hampton Court, in or two intimate associates, upon a come they kissed our streets and Bushy Park, just outside of London. visit to Bartram's Gardens, first were

lanes into joyous avenues of beauty. On a milelong, wide avenue apattracted by the beauty of the horse

Yet, few of us realize what a magnifiproaching the front door, he planted chestnut. This lone tree which grew

cent part this exotic tree has played a double row of horse chestnut trees. in the front of the botanist's home

in our history. It is not just another They are perfect pyramids of grace was much admired by General

tree in bloom, not just another shade and beauty today in their two hunWashington, and its shade was so tree to linger under during the hot dred fortyninth year. The Sunday inviting that, after the weary sesdays of the summer; it is a symbol falling between the 19th and 26th of sions of the convention were

of the American nation, a through for the day, he memorial and monument to and his companions would our early beginning as a often come to enjoy the nation. Yes, that and more, rest and fresh air they so

for it has become a greater sorely needed. Is it little

symbol than it was at first wonder then that we find when the Father of this in his diary:

country set out and named Ap. 2nd, 1788. Transferred

thirteen horse chestnut from a box in the garden, to the trees for the thirteen origshrubbery by the garden wall, inal states. This springtime thirteen plants of the horse

bower of beauty has so chestnut.

adapted itself to our soil This was the spring foland climate that it has belowing the signing of the come the only tree of all Constitution and the great the trees of our land that man was at his home in grows in every state of the Mount Vernon, Virginia,

Union, according to the but the young trees were

Boy Scout handbook. It is not planted at Mount Vertruly a monument to our non. If they had been,

American nation. there would have been

Many of our people horse chestnut trees of think that the horse chestgreat age there today.

nut and the buckeye are Well authenticated tradione and the same. True, tion tells us the thirteen

they are of the same famiPARTFEW OFTHISUS REALIZEEXOTIC WHATTREE HASA MAGNIFICENTPLAYED IN horse chestnut trees were ly but are quite different OUR COUNTRY'S HISTORY. planted in Fredericksburg,

in character. The buckeye has leafVirginia, Washington's boyhood

lets widest in the center while the town, between his sister's and his leaflets of horse the are chestnut like great It the homes. was mother's is "Chestnut named, Sunday,"Maywidest the outer near edge. The his into this, to give to do man all fashionable and London's sodifferent. also areblooms buckThe trees these young keeping mother's ciety folk of parade this avenueeye has tinted a greenishyellowish

bloom that has an illsmelling odor, exotic loveliness, just as society in he had named for the states which while the horse chestnut blooms are New York parades Fifth Avenue on constituted the nucleus of the nation larger and of a pinkish white in colEaster Sunday. he and his contemporaries proor, with a slight fragrance. The foundly hoped would result in the

buckeye is a native of this country, f)N Benjamin Franklin's first visit adoption of the Constitution, and coming from the region of the Ohio to London he saw these trees in there was much doubt of its adopValley, while the horse chestnut is bloom and arranged with scientisttion at that time. The experience of

an emigrant tree coming from the botanist, Peter Callison, to send a these monumental trees since their valleys and hills of Greece. History quantity of the seed nuts to botanist planting would almost prove contells us it came to France in 1600 John Bartram of Bartram's Gardens, clusively the truth of the tradition.

and was first recorded in England in Philadelphia. It is recorded in cor1633. In 1699, Sir Christopher respondence between these two Today, one lone tree remains

Wren, the great architect who built gentlemen that only one of the nuts which now represents the spiritual

St. Paul's. Cathedral was given a sent by Callison germinated and oneness of the nation, the United

commission to landscape the king's grew. It was during the summer of States of America.

438 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA M ii WHAT'S SHE GOT?

How"What'soften weshe heargot thatthat makesquestion,all is for"Thea boythingto thattreat bothersme as ifmeI weremost the boys like her?"Or, "What's n't even with him, when we're out

he got that I haven't got?"It's usuat a party together."This from

ally asked in fun, but it's plenty Ruth.

serious too. All of us want to know "You mean that he pays too much

what it takes—to make friends, to attention to other girls?"

hold office, to have a happy, social "Not necessarily. He's just so

life. public spirited that he doesn't want

For the young, friends and dates anyone to imagine for one moment and fun are important—not as imthat I mean anything to him—

portant perhaps as some other you know—a sort of 'oneworld, andthings—but important because of allmen-arebrothers, and allgirls-

their immediate joy and their future lookalike-tome, and Ruthand-I- possibilities. Life is a spiraling sort justhappened-tocome-intogether/

of thing, and one success ascends to attitude."

other successes; a little happiness "Well, I get burned up most when

creates more happiness; and if we a boy has been dating me fairly fredon't lose sight of the important quently—dragging me to all the

ends, we can grow from a bright western movies in town and all the young person to a charming grown If Ifjam (Drentnall hamburger stands—and then someperson; from a thoughtful young thing special comes along—a school

girl, to an unselfish older woman, humor until the joke's on them, and dance, or a bangup show, or even from a considerate youth, to a culthen they can't quite take it. They one of the final basketball games,

tured man. get mad or they burst into tears."and I'm dying to go, and he doesn't

bit when ask me!"We all know this—or should "We're asking quite a

in 'teen agers,"expect perfection we it. all imporknow know how We

in I observed, "or even young men "|\AAYBE we'd better give the boys is to feeltant it a part needed and of our group. So don't be ashamed a chance now,"I interrupted

hastily. do you dislike most "Whatof wanting

girls, to be liked—only don't in Charlie?"take it too seriously!

With all this in mind, I asked a "A girl that latches on to you, TALK IT OVER takes hold of your arm, and acts asgood many questions of a good if life."for signed she had you up lists people. youngmany made We in their twenties. and We're women I time,"a Bemurmured. "Comes like girls in of boys and what all little—lists a or underdone-—overdone little I ing feminine, found myself alists like in girls of boys. what The at in least that some spots—and the defensive. onlists included long yard a and were fair rule doesn't us out a share from "I'll take anything but untidy an toeverything manners from good of happiness. of would you None damsel, ratty hair fingerwith and poise to "poisonmarks, fromgood rate turn'yourself as to 'baked I'm a nails to bitten the stocking her bone;ality,"just to of a sense from humor all sure, you're sucyet averagely lipseams every her which way, andsense. cessful. least to boys you seem At stick smeared."speaking. Jim was I list over, the oblooked and We fairly the family often, car need and is girl thing that gets "The a me I thatserved peosome young knew girls get out formals you your just to she wants where who know I farple see, could as as had who, rather frequently."all at stands but doesn't give outall listed qualifications these of and

it} if will help "Maybe go we herself."quite the did grade."notyet "make find disnegative out and what you 'just where you do mean "WhatWhy? like in partners. dating your most she stands'?"said one man, "Well,"young girls."start Let's the with I like the her "Oh, you know—do instance. Carl, for"take He's good of the things that bothers "One I rather date than her it. best—wouldfun, he overdoes sometimes but said "is most,"for Shawna, a me don't anyone go why we else—and getting he's doesn't when knowHe like treat to a punching boy me can't of steady? course, she Only,too noisy a rowdy, and making and bag."isn't steady the because she go one of himself."nuisance don't that actuboys mean "You it asking, the does and would who

the of spoke Joan,"one up "Or hit ally you?"I look funny. don't go So why

allgirls, poised, "she's and we of hard, course,"not she "Oh, exher, will steady with she with and give eyeteeth as our to look "would fact, plained. "In they sometimes always!'not me really—onlywell she's only groomed, sometimes don't touch even you. they But go girl all girl the asks her "Or who

just everytoo makes sort of sparring a through motion smooth—she little friends to what our do about

one uncomfortable."do a little shadow boxing all around misunderstanding, when it should be

"Every kid doesn't overdo it. you. It's a form of nervousness, I just between us,"complained Dick.

Some of them underdo it,"said ansuppose, and a little of the 'showConsternation showed on the other. "They have a swell sense of off'instinct."(Continued on page 440)

JULY 1948 439 "WHATC SHE GOT?"

(Continued from page 439) who her friends are—who she goes "You should always try a second

faces of the girls. "Let's try another around with because that's usually a date,"said Paul. "If a girl's worth

point of view,"I suggested. "What clue to her thinking and her prinasking out once, she's worth asking

is it about a girl that makes you ciples—not always, of course, but out at least twice. The first one

want to date her the very first usually."isn't a real test. You have to put

time?"I turned to the girls. "What do a girl at ease by asking her out

you look for in a first date?"again, and often when the first

HThere was quite a pause, and then "Just an invitation,"moaned time isn't a rousing success, the secBill spoke up. "That's a hard Mary. "Sometimes we kind of pick ond may be. You're on your way

one,"he said. "I've been attracted out a boy and work on him, but if to getting acquainted, and while you

by a lot of girls—short and tall we do, we usually know him well won't find perfection, you may find

dark and and quiet—all enough so that we're not taking something that looks mighty near light—gayvery different—and the only thing I much of a chance. Otherwise we go it to you."

can think of that they all had was where and when we're invited and "Yea, it's on the second or third a look of being put together with hope for the best."or twentieth date that you find out

care, outside and inside. Physically, "You don't mean that you'd go if a girl is 'catty.''Nay, speak no

they were neat—even the curlywith anyone any time?"ill'is one of my most important girl

haired redhead."We must have "Not quite. We have to know laws,"spake Jim.

is the black beast I delooked a little baffled, because he them a little—unless it's a blind "Jealousy

continued: "They were all in one date, and on a blind date, we're spise in boy friend's,"countered

piece. And they looked happy as cautious as all get out. We go Marie sweetly. "It's nice to be alif they were not all torn with anxielowed to be friendly to other boys

ties and doubts. They had some without getting glared at."

inner assurance. They carried them- "I'm tired of boys who feel that

selves well, and there was a lilt to MOONLIGHT SONATA a date is no fun unless they've had their voices. Maybe I'm alone in By Pauline Starkweather a round of loving."This from Ruth.

all this, but I think it's what first "Can't a boy tell that it gets pretty attracts me."Adagio sostenuto tough for us?"

"There's another thing I've nodjust the dial now this stagnant "Well,"said Bill thoughtfully, "a airticed,"said Charlie; "the girl likes likes that fellow girl who a A to know

moonlight. with waters Is cool Quietappeals acquaintance girls on first to me just flow him. atmosan have Some as deep, they go. Serene and and rippling

is always friendly and interested The night is still. phere of interest about them that

and yet has something in reserve; makes you feel good. They have a Someone is walking there

and no matter how many times I Alone, someone with moonlight on his hair way of letting you know that they're take her out, no matter how friendly And in his heart a new adagio happy to be with you, and you don't feel that you've got to break downshe is and how much fun we have, This know,cosmic peace that all the world may there's still something in reserve."For all the troubled world this pure, white 'cold country'and find out a few

"Is that the whole story?"I prayer. things. So you respect their ideas

asked. No rapids break the spell, no rocks, no and leave them alone of they aren't "I should say not,"said Larry. foam the kissing kind—or you aren't. And

river rippling quietly Only a thank heaven there are still some of I I is like just good looks."What night; to the obligato Its muted

left."the waters moving to toward the sea us that sure Only I take a bewant when

for the first time, allgirl out friends whistling are inwardly and my OnlyBeneaththe apeacefulshining waterscoverletgoingof light;home.—that"The shethingslikesthatbestreallyin a getboya girlshesaying, 'Larry sure can pick 'em.'dates are the little attentions—the

"That's Larry for you,"laughed funny notes, the Valentines, and the

Jim. "And believe me he can pick in gangs and stay in gangs and little unexpected things that let you

'em. Myself, I want them clean and the 'blindies'have to be vouched know a boy is thinking about you."

well set up too, but I don't want any for within an inch of their lives by Katherine was speaking for the first time.whistling—not even inwardly. I all the others. But really our situawant to feel that there's a good tion is different from the boys. Un- "And,"Bill answered quickly,

chance of going on to a second or less it's someone we know well and "the girl who gets them is the one third date. So when I look at a girl like a lot, the first date isn't very that shows that she thinks it's marand consider asking her out for the important. We're too nervous, and velous."

first time, I think: has she got what we're wondering if he'll ask us out "What about the moody girl?"I

it takes so that if we click this time, again because if there is one thing asked. I had been talking a day or

I'll want to try again? I guess I'm that hurts a girl's pride it's to be two before to a baffled young man

a little cautious."asked out once and then dropped. about the bewildering moods of

"How do you find out if she's 'got The only thing that's worse is to girls.

what it takes'?"I asked. ask a fellow to a girl's dance and be Everyone laughed. "Nearly ev-

"I can't always, but I try to talk turned down for no good reason."ery girl is a little bit moody. She

with her for a while and get some "What about the second and is often embarrased about it herself sort of impression. And I notice third dates?"I asked. (Concluded on page 464)

440 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Jke jrallacu of

Wilson Davis stood beside the pavement where it curved toMODERATE DRINKING ward a high bank. He was

looking the passing for a road up DM (7 ty (-'Wwier orqanf

EDITOR,motorist as the he waited near bodies of his dead daughter and NATIONAL EDUCATIONAL ASSOCIATION badly injured wife. Davis was not a "JOURNAL"

heavy drinker. He had never been

known to be drunk. He was not college years, he had not used lem. If one drinks at all, he is likely

even a regular drinker, but on speliquor. He went out into the busito be caught in the network of social

cial occasions he drank with the ness world where he was popular, custom until he drinks to excess.

others "just to be sociable."He had and advanced rapidly. He had one Who has not seen in a railway club

indulged this practice just before he salary raise after another, and soon car a group of men around a table?

left the pleasant vacation resort for became one of a group of assistant One man buys a round of whiskies, the home to which he must now take managers. As the manager was and then a second man, and a third,

a crippled wife and the remains of nearing retirement, the firm was on and a fourth—each feeling that if he

his only child. the lookout for his successor. John accepts a favor he must return it,

Like many socalled moderate Harper was almost certain to be each having less resistance and less drinkers, he had not realized that given the post. sense as intoxication advances.

even a small amount of alcohol so But John, like so many others, The moderate drinker is always a poisons the nerves as to make them could not stand prosperity. A councandidate for alcoholism. Not one

unreliable in such delicate operaterinfluence had wormed its way of the 750,000 drunkards in our tions as driving a car at high speed. into his life. The set he associated country—many of them men and

With variations in detail this case with had cocktail parties. He bewomen of the greatest possibility

could be multiplied by tens of thoucame a moderate drinker, then an and promise—started out with the

sands each year. Frequently it is not excessive drinker. The quality of intention of becoming a drunkard.

the drinking driver or his family his work began to decline. His asNot one of the three million men

who pays the price, but an innocent sociates saw clearly that he was and women who have come to drink third party who happens to be on slipping. Another man-—less able, to such excess that their alcohol

the road at the time. but with steady habits—was chosen slavery is a constant menace to their

Percy Moore, the only son of a as manager. John Harper had been lives and careers started out with

rich father, came into maturity befooled by the fallacy that one can the thought of becoming an excestween the wars when it became be a moderate drinker and still atsive drinker. These excessive drinkfashionable for young men and tain the highest success in business. ers were recruited from the modwomen to drink together. He marThese cases from my own oberates and may at any time be added

ried a promising young woman, and servation illustrate the fallacy of to the army of drunkards. It is a

they thought to brighten their home moderate drinking as a solution of terrible toll for any nation that calls life in the evenings by a social glass the liquor problem. They are true itself civilized. It has no place in a

together with their friends. cases, although other names have highenergy, airborne, atomic age.

Things went fairly well for a few been substituted for the real ones. It may be for our generation to

years. A baby girl was born to the Any observant person can parallel decide whether we shall follow the

union, and there was promise of a them with cases from his own path of less advanced peoples and happy and successful future for the knowledge. They could be multiallow the liquor cancer to eat the

family. Then the wife began drinkplied almost indefinitely. life out of our civilization, or whething to excess and soon became an Such incidents mount up to a terer we shall mark out a new path as

rible accumulation of evidence we have in other fields and raise ahabitual drunkard—a heavy liability

to the young husband and a danger against individuals and to the social standard to which the wise and honto the child. What should have been disaster that results from moderate est of all the earth may repair.

a fine, happy home ended in divorce drinking. Judgment based on such We can have freedom, peace, and

and disaster for all parties. Another evidence does not require the added progress as the full power of our

home had been wrecked on the falweight of socalled scientific retechnological civilization is used lacy that moderate drinking in the search. It is more than scientific. It constructively, or we can have lihome is a desirable social grace. is common sense, the kind of comcense and much drinking. We cannot both. have shall sense that has every mon have to made WeJohn Harper was a likable young choose to teach his and great teacher of all children the ages our take

man. He had earned his own stand against the use of intoxicants. choose. We shall have to meet withto

way through college, and had kindly reasonableness the efforts of lead—twolearned howvaluableto workassetsandin howmodernto |)rinkingsolutioninofmoderationour liquor isproblem;not the establishthe organized"moderateliquordrinking"interestsas toa

life. Having little money during his it is the main cause of that prob- {Concluded on page 460)

- FROM "THE MESSAGE"MAGAZINE, NASHVILLE, TENNESSEE

JULY 1948 441 MULEK By J. N. WASHBURN

SYNOPSIS MULEK loved Zarahemla, the city of his forefathers, where two factions were striving for power, one ruled by Amaarmy. The kingmen took up their dishonor and loss of all hopes and

powers tremendouslickiah, a man of and position and waited the coming of prospects? Oh, I could not have a rupture manners, had causedwinning who

in the country, and Moroni, young chief the captain. believed it of you."She turned her

captain of the armies of the Nephites, who Mulek, fuming and fretting in the head so that the tears fell upon her instructing, encouraging, everywhere,went in the darkness, his dreams dead, his fine sleeve like drops of rain.pleading people to unite with the

country's defense. Accustomed to receiving prospects, worse than gone, was Mulek was overcome. But wheththe the people, adulation Mulek of was literally hot with anger and mad er he would have told her that all he at his jealousy withconsumed fall from

favor. In order to call attention to himself with mortification and disappointhad done had been done for her, he

he had mocked the priests of the church and ment. To make things worse for was never to know. Whether he

allied with Amalickiah. himself Then, to him, his ultimate degradation, if it would even then have turned back to support praisewin their he decided Moroni's projects. Mulek was eager to win were to come at all, would come at had she asked, it was likewise not to

girl, niecethe Zorah, favor of the of Amthe hands of Moroni either determined. whom he be more What

devisedram, ways a boatmaker. He of his troubles. for most of blamed not have said could be known, might intent her,meeting but too Zorah was on

the political unrest to be interested in him, It was insupportable! for at that moment the girl, overin lavish praise herand was a tap his shoulder and on He felt withdrew. whelmed,

to envy. Mulek'swhich added of WasMoroni, in to soldier standing he turned see a this inferior'sense tonever be free Mulek,"she said and "Goodbye, of of his

side. at his inity? darkness the to win determined But some he way as she gone, had come, alone, was

therefore, approval. one ofZorah's When, is it?"asked. he "What street. in the darkened the idea with approached himhis friends

that he become king—even as his forefa- "A woman is waiting and wishes For a moment Mulek stood, quitethers had been kings—he entertained the to speak with you,"the other involition without or command. When called electionthought. for was A general to formed him. judge, as chiefand granted that she by Pahoran, in the end he realized was

government the morewhich kind was of "A woman?"gone, he knew the full weight of

tost,desirable. kingmen the voting the In

at the very moment when Amalickiah led In surprise he followed the man despair and hopelessness. His

the Lamanites against the land. When the through the streets to the extreme strong shoulders shook with sobs;

the govsupport asked tokingmen were limit of the position occupied by and hot tears, unheeded, rushed in refused. they with himselfernment, Beside

worry, Pahoran sent word to Moroni, in Pachus'forces. There guards pre- a torrent down his face. For the first

the land of Bountiful to come posthaste to vented the entrance of any of whom time in his life he was utterly alone the defense of Zarahemla. they were not sure. There the womand poignantly aware of his lonelian was waiting. Even though Muness.

Chapter VII lek's eyes were accustomed to the dark, for could not he a moment fearful the of outcome, capital in a the reached IoroniMoroni, at identity, guess her so closely was wise did a commander what rage. it not towering been Had

veiled. her. he recognized Then it little she do, could and was this, for faced have he would

enough. He left Teancum and Lehi It was Zorah! the kingmen under even greater

in charge of matters in the east and difficulties than those under which went with all speed to the defense pOR one brief instant all his heavihe already labored, for with all the of the capital, to pull down the pride ness left him. The weights fell earnestness of his heart he hated

and the nobility of the kingmen, as from his shoulders; the lines left his having to destroy his own people.

he put it. brow. He felt an upsurge of pure Only the depth of their wrong could

Meanwhile the kingmen were happiness, of instant relief. He avail to make him forget that inborn

also busy. Pachus and Mulek set wanted to take her in his arms, reluctance.

still unresponshe but so and was their forces and gatheringabout it as he was, he fought had As that at sive her not he dared touch fortifications. their Cerpreparing his before. threw fought never He first. length took her and he At hand taken totainly be not they were of with those forces against Pachus

it stone. as cold a found oflightly. thousands There were

all for the had. strength he Pachus

it real- "is whispered, "Zorah,"he bitter theythe kingmen, were and posiof the his part advantage had is If there ly heaven, any you? you they determined. Knowingand of the support tion but lacked moral it."at the of a stand door For molives, their fight they for towere cause. righteous a last at speak did she not but ment within advantage everyprovided

their power. Nor did they lack for found her voice. With terrible slaughter the conmoney, weapons, or food. "What mad thing is this you do, flict moved back and forth with first

One evening word came that Mulek?"she cried. "What utterly one side winning and then the other.

Moroni was marching on the city mad thing? Do you not know that it From house to house they fought,

and would arrive next day with his is not death alone you invite but and from street to street. The

442 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

*!;'''%iis*%sj

1,1 sit, ** n - 1|< mmm

SSSftfr*

f:

p*.\v *f < 'W - -

From house to Ziouse fAey fought, and from street to street.

wounded and dead lay everywhere; need, his men outdid themselves in beginning to end, he was preserved

cries of the sufferers made the day feats of greatness. as by a miracle.

hideous; and the city and its en- "For the oppressed!"the traitors The sun rose higher and higher

virons, red with intermingled blood would shout. "For the fatherland!"and seemed somehow to govern the

of rebel and patriot alike. Brothers, the defenders would answer, and in fighting, for with it at its zenith the

fathers, and sons became enemies this way they distinguished each action reached its highest point and within an hour and lashed and the other, for they fought every man began to wane with the lengthening struggled powerfully to destroy for himself when, how, and where shadows. The kingmen, by then

each other. he would. There was little organizaaware of the hopelessness of their

Pachus went everywhere, encourtion; each man was his own comcause, started to desert or go over to

aging his men, pushing them to furimander and command. the enemy.

ous efforts with his praise. He kept Such slashing and screaming as Moroni, heartened wonderfully

up their flagging hopes with new there were! Swords and shields, by these defections, after a period

promises manufactured on the spot. spears and arrowheads reflected the when he had begun to fear his batNeither truth nor logic had any part sunshine until stained to the point tle was in vain, called upon his last

in his words, but he gave ample where they shed nothing but ruddy resources and asked his men for reproof of his earnestness in the fury drops like rain upon the sodden newed efforts. And they responded

and efficiency with which he struck. earth. nobly with such a burst of vigor as

spirit took the remaining out of the all,"friends, patriots "Come, he nightfall Before might one have rebels. in These, everincreasing faltershoutwould to any he saw picsaid painted that death a had

ing, "we bear the burden of the opture and called it "Desolation."numbers, laid down their weapons

for only and begged chilpressed. Will have your you his expert blade and were Mulek to the last fought slaves?"dren up grow There rest.end—the was like far near. a and known was He to giant of destruction! his within thatnothing Mulekquit—a did he power device, dispassionate, as mechanical refrain could not Moroni Even from offer delivernot fateful and on that unrelenting. as forgotten had He skill his expressing admiration forday.

to think. In slaughter he found how strength while even deplored and he

too, like Moroni, a fountain was the for release the only of tempest their having in been a thrown away from which sprang rich streams of his soul. For hours he persisted. In project of anarchy. Weary as night,

strength. He performed surpassing spite of wishing to lose his life, in senseless as a stone, Mulek, under

deeds of valor and of wisdom. spite of inviting the strokes of every heavy guard, was dragged off to a

Thrilled by his unexampled courage, weapon, in spite of being in the cold and lonely cell.

astounded at his strength in time of thick of the unspeakable fray from ( To be continued )

JULY 1948 443 He Makes Me Feel Important

iSu Meien [jff \j*reen

IF YOU WANT TO

IMPRESS OTHERS REMEMBER THE RULE TO

FOLLOW IS TO LET THEM IMPRESS YOU,

-fK$mTHseem to have a feeling of being their only person who ever makes a fuss us!"over keeper.""brother's Collier today!"Tom "I saw crowd of old friends will The telling his neighborI overheard a Occasionally, however, you are

wife recently. confronted with someone who has gather. Soon they are talking of the

"Tom Collier! I don't quite place developed the habit of deflating the interests in which, because of my

him. Is he the chap we met New other person's ego. absence, I cannot share. Seldom does

Year's Eve with the magnetic per- I met a charming woman, recentanyone think in some tactful way to sonality?''asked Evelyn De Marinis, ly married to a brilliant man who switch the subject to topics which

who has a talent for friendship. had been "pressing his suit"for ten are of interest to everyone.

"Oh, no, Evelyn! That was Dick years. So often a wise man whose opin-

I value, yes, husit could ion be ( my felis nice Collier aHughes. Tom I hapsaid, and "My, how young talk ) said, not has band! "Why of perthat hasn't kindlow, but he looking!"you're perinterests the other about what to py doesn'tsonality. how know He

to kind of smiled, you She "How fair in Isn't reciprocity conson?"feel important fellow other themake

like Dick Hughes does,"say that. I just met an acquaintance versation as in everything else?

who can deflate one's ego quicker Should we not encourage everyone "Make a fellow feel important!"

her snapping she said, than that,"to talk? within a group Too often one of Thompson, FredHere was

well!'she looking '"You're will monopolize persons one or two in fingers. useful, outstandingthe men most

our great city, wanting to be made told me, 'but you've gained some a conversation like the two end men weight, my dear, and you're getting in a minstrel show.to feel important.

is dangerous. How true it is that everyone likes gray! Living with yourself

Psychologists who> what is know appreciated!to be We like to be

emotional for mental and 'T'he principle requisite in friendgood feel important! tomade

John E. Gibson in a recent brief ship is the simple expedient of health advise us to associate with

note, a telephone happy persons.article in Your Life writes, "If you trying to please. A

want to impress people favorably, call, a clipping mailed of a favorite Henry Walker Hooper in It's here's a cardinal rule to go by. A hobby, any small attention takes but Nice to Know People Like You says,

rule to cut out and paste in your hat. a few minutes. "Think of each person as being a

The best way to impress a person One of my friends has told me distinctive individual whom you try is to let him impress you,"whenever I return to my former to understand and make a bit more

It is frequently the case that the home in southeastern Ohio, "It's so happy. If you practise this fundamore ability one has, the more that good to have you here! You're the mental principle, you will find sooner

person bolsters the ego of those with or later that you are popular and inwhom he comes in contact, thus perfluential with others."

mitting them a feeling of wellbeing The best thing about being liked

WASTED EFFORT by others is that in making the efand selfimportance. As a rule, outstanding men and women have kindBy Mildred Gotf fort we find life fuller, richer in every

of others, making Thinking way. the interestness, compassion, and a proverb, says of WORRY, and important, worth while them feel they generally in their hearts;others chair; Is like a rocking

are the most unpretentious, the simIt keeps you busy, but it doesn't pays happiness dividends to those plest, the sweetest to know. They Get you anywhere. who cultivate this fine habit.

444 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA If FROM TEMPLE By RICHARD L. EVANS

JJ ourselves into temptation."It may we needed in the uncertain years of

Jsvito Jemptat be fascinating to see how close we our youth: a sense of belonging, an

can come to a poisonous snake. But assurance of being wanted, and the

"pEW of us actually know our we would be wise never to underkindly ministrations of loving hearts own strength until we are faced estimate the striking distance of a and hands, not merely dutiful formwith situations that test us to the snake and never to overestimate our ality; not merely a room in a build--

last limit. We often underestimate own ability to get out of its way, ing, but a room in someone's heart

our power to endure hardships. And once we have gotten too close. and life. We have to live a long

we sometimes overestimate our pow-—May 2, 1948. time to learn how empty a room can

er to resist temptation. There is an xMontaigne's Essays be that is filled only with furniture.

ofttold tale of the boys who were It takes someone on whom we have seeing who could lean farthest out claims beyond mere hired service, of a window. The boy who "won"cJLlu'ma *Jrnto cLoneilme.56 beyond institutional care or profesdid what too many people do: he l9 sional duty, to thaw out the memois difficult for those who are ries of the past and keep themleaned so far that he fell. A man IT

must have wisdom and judgment young to understand the loneliwarmly living in the present. And

as well as courage and ability and ness that comes when life changes we who are younger should never strength. And wisdom would sugfrom a time of preparation and perbecome so blindly absorbed in our

gest that we stop somewhere short formance to a time of putting things own pursuits as to forget that there of testing our strength to the last away. In the eager and active years are still with us those who will live

degree of endurance. Wisdom of youth it is difficult to understand in loneliness unless we let them

would suggest that we refrain from how parents feel as their flock, one share our lives as once they let us getting into things that might carry by one, leave the family fireside. To share theirs. When they were movus beyond where we want to stop. be so long the center of a home, so ing in the main stream of their own

Too many people have leaned out much sought after, and then, almost impelling affairs, we were a burden able to sidelines get to been haven't suddenlytoo far be on the and if could have been they had—or

It in the tragedy. time procession pass is watching to avoidback by But. chosen to consider us as such.

utter foolishness to see how far we this is living into loneliness. Of now we are stronger and they are

can go in a dangerous direction. It course we may think we are thoughtless strong. We cannot bring them

is difficult to predict the pulling ful of parents and of our other older back the morning hours of youth.

power of a magnet. And it is diffifolk. Don't we send them gifts and But we can help them live in the

cult to know just how far we can messages on Mother's Day and Fawarm glow of a sunset made more go before we have gone too far. ther's Day, and on other anniverbeautiful by our thoughtfulness, by

And if we want to resist temptation, saries? And don't we make an ocour provision, and by our active and

we should resist it on our own casional quick call as a token of our unfeigned love. Life in its fulness is

ground, and resist it at a safe range. attention? It is something to be re- a loving ministry of service from

Seeing how far one can go is one membered on special occasions, to generation to generation. God grant

of the deadliest of dangers. Monbe sure. But such passing and perthat those who belong to us may

taigne quotes Socrates on this subfunctory performances are not never be left in loneliness.

ject: "Fly it; shun the sight and enough to keep loneliness in its—May 9, 1948.

encounter of it, as of a powerful place the whole year round. What

poison, that darts and wounds at they need in the loneliness of their a distance."1 It is never smart to older years is, in part at least, what Iamntd ana \Jther J-eopte

trifle on the borderline. If we want

to resist temptation, we should never Tt is often easy to be pleasant when try to see how close we can come we have no responsibility. This is

the edge without falling off. To th a profound fact that young people

plea, "Lead us not into temptation,"often overlook. Friends and stranwe might also add, "Let us not lead (Continued on page 446)

TUTeard from the "Crossroads of the West"with the Salt Lake Tabernacle Choir and Organ over a nation- a a wide radio network through ksl and the columbia broadcasting system every sunday at 11:30 a.m.

Eastern Time, 10:30 a.m. Central Time, 9:30 a.m. Mountain Time, and 8:30 a.m. Pacific Time.

JULY 1948 445 THE SPOKEN WORD {Concluded from page 445) M individual men; and men only think

gers and casual acquaintances may a55 as individual men. And so, when

sometimes seem to them to be more you want to help humanity, help the pleasant parents. than Other himself, to help and man peoof MviyyianlL<i individual

restrict ple don't them as do their will steadily of the the problem mass parents. Other people don't tell Quite frequently we hear peodisappear.

them where they can go and where ple who express themselves as "Tvised—May 23, 1948.

they can't go. Other people don't wanting to do something for the

tell them what to eat and what not great mass of mankind, perhaps for to eat. Other people don't plague their further enlightenment, or their When <=JJeatk Loomed

them to practise. Other people don't physical comfort, or their political Tn a letter to a friend, Thomas Jefpester them to pick up their clothes wellbeing. Sometimes the motives ferson once wrote: "There is a

and get their homework done. Other of these wouldbe benefactors are fulness of time when men should

i people don't tell them when to go to sincere and unselfish. Sometimes go."This may be easy to underbed and when to get up. Other people they may not be. But any person stand when men have reached an

don't tell them when to go out and whose purpose it is to improve all age that is old and have become when to come in. And if a youngster mankind en masse should not overweary of walking the ways of this

really wants to make a case of it, he look this point: Fundamentally life. But death is more difficult to

may at times have some cause to speaking, there is no such thing as a accept when it makes what seems to

it conclude that other people are more mass of humanity. The term is often us to be an untimely call—when pleasant than his parents. Why used to describe a large number of takes children who have not lived a

shouldn't they be? They don't have people, but men are still men, infulness of years—when it takes the to discipline him; they don't have to dividually, as are women and chilyoung, the vigorous—when it takes

keep him well; they don't have to dren, with all of their separate and beloved companions, friends, and

teach or train him; they don't have distinct differences of countenance close kin. Seldom, if ever, are we

to answer for his actions; they don't and character and body and mind ready for it when it visits those we

have to see him make his way in life. and spirit. You cannot make a mass love. There are exceptions to be

But parents have a responsibility of people comfortable. A man is sure. Sometimes death seems to be

that they cannot, in good concomfortable as an individual or he welcome and kindly, when it comes science, avoid. And since they have isn't comfortable. You cannot feed to those who wait for it to come

a duty to perform, children may a mass of people. A child is well to those who are weary and would

sometimes suppose that parents are nourished as an individual or he be on their way to other work. But

difficult and exacting, while stranisn't well nourished. You can't eduit isn't always so. An old man may

gers are easy and indulgent. Strancate a mass of people. You can only live long; a young man may die

gers let them do as they please and educate men and women and chilsoon. A sick man may linger; a

parents don't. Long before life is dren as individual entities. Men youth may be stricken. All that hapover, however, discerning children cannot believe en masse. They must pens in this world is not of our

learn to realize why all this is so, have faith, they must believe, they planning nor to our liking. There

and they learn to appreciate what must give obedience to prescribed are times when decisions are in their parents do, even though it may principles with each thinking and hands higher than ours. And fightinterfere with some of the youngacting for himself as a child of God ing the irrevocable decisions of the

ster's activities. They learn to rewith an immortal spirit, an eternal Almighty only adds to the burden

spect parents who teach them what destiny, and an individual intelliand the bitterness. Even though the they need to be taught, who restrict gence and personality—which is pattern may not be of our making,

them when they need to be reand was and shall always be. Such nor within our understanding it is

stricted, who discipline them when is the basic principle of democracy; what it is, and insofar as we are unthey need to be disciplined, who such is the essence of immortality able to do anything about it, we

encourage them when they need to and eternal life: the dignity and enmust accept it as it is. Even as we

be encouraged, who counsel them during identity of each individual expect our own children to accept when they need to be counseled, man. And that is why those false some things which we do not fully

and who hold the reins when the philosophies and political systems explain, so we, as children of God, reins need to be held. And a parent are untenable which seek to move our Eternal Father, are expected to

who lets children do anything they and hold men en masse and which have faith beyond the limits of our want to do, who is pleasant to the seek to violate the dignity and the actual knowledge. We move by

point of negligence, is not long likeidentity of the individual man. The faith in many things—because we

ly to keep their respect as do those condition of humanity does not must. We move by faith or we do

parents who persuade them to perchange as the tide rises and falls. not move at all, because there is so

form as they should perform. And Whenever there is any change in much that we cannot now know.

before any youngster presumes that this socalled mass of humanity, it is And it is for us to remember that life other people are more pleasant than because men and women have itself is a gift of God, and not to any his parents, he should remind himchanged individually. For convenman that we know of is there given

self that it is easy to be pleasant ience we sometimes say that we any guarantee of years in this life.

when we have no responsibility. teach a class. But men only learn as But for all men there is immortality

Copyright. King Features—May 16, 1948. individual men; men only feel as {Concluded on page 469)

446 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA a

to Salt Lake City, Utah. Brief though

it be, the brochure has omitted no essential data. AH statements are fully

implying documented, long and careful bin tih E JN &<wt*veAfe author. of the study on the part Moreover, the booklet is beautifully illusTHE TRIO'S PILGRIMAGE gree from all other men, is of first imtratedequallybywellEricprinted.and BlandIt is Larson,an excellentand

(Compiled and arranged by Ellen Byportance. What should and can be piece of work; one of the best conwater Valentine. Edited by H. W. done in this matter is discussed simply densed histories of the pioneers.

Valentine. Utah Printing. and clearly in seventeen chapters that The brochure was a product of the

Salt Lake City.) range from the behavior of endocrine desire of author and quorum to render

1947. $2.50.) glands to international relations. The service in the great centennial year.

outstandingly sane contribuis an in book has here left 7V loving daughter A. W.

tion to possible solution of the—/. the printed of form the autobiography

of harassed our problems father, life her world—Bywater, and James SIMPLE OF RHYMES all to book good it would do sketches wives. of his Bytwo James CLIMES read. MANY is great of world's author the one The (Lars Mortensen. Published the gospel heard water almost 1947 by by

A. W. the author, 3636 Washington Boule-: chance, embraced it, and lived it ferbiochemists.—/.

vently and fully throughout a long life. vard, Ogden, Utah. 70 pages. $1.00.)

He was a type of the many faithful GOD PLANTED A TREE Tn rhymes flowing from the author's:

men and women who have brought (Ora Pate Stewart. Published by the heart this pamphlet recites the story

power to the Church. In his couraauthor. 116 pages. $1.00.) of the message of the ages, from Adam

geous faith and devotion he was great. '"pHE "tree"is the chosen people of to the present day. It is an old story

Three times he suffered imprisonment God. This book is a brief story of which suffers nothing by being conrather than to surrender a principle their history to the end of the Old verted into rhyme. And, it bears the

which he held divine. The story is Testament. It is good reading for all. imprint of a man who loves truth above

entrancing reading. It provokes a Among the younger set especially it all else.—/. A. W.

nostalgic feeling. Would that more of should have a wide circulation. The

original drawings of the "tree"add the past simple sturdiness might be inSPIRIT THE QUESTING to the understanding the of how present! corporated hurried in the As much (Selected and edited by Halford E.

public servant, Church member, mis- "tree"grew and how the gardener Luccock and Frances Brentano.

A. W. Published by CowardMcCann, sionary, husband, father, lover of his had to prune and care for it.—/.

fellow men, and leader among men, he Inc., New York. 711 pages. $5.00.)

wrote upon the "OTHER SHEEP"is a compilation of short stories, HPms eternal A. W. Saga of Ancient America, A histablets.—/.name imperishably poems, utterances plays, and other

Centennial Edition on religious, moral, and ethical themes.

THE MISSIONARY'S (Robert W. Smith. Pyramid Press, Its contents are taken from American

HANDBOOK Salt Lake City. 1947. 70 and English authors, many of them

(Published by the Church of Jesus pages. $1.00.) eminent, including Aldous Huxley,

Christ of Latterday Saints. HThe Book of Mormon contains much John Masefield, John Galsworthy, Ed156 pages.) material for the imaginative writer. win Markham, Thomas Hardy, H. G.

HPhis recently revised edition of a useThis is a tale of faith and love, of Wells, Arthur H. Compton, Ralph W.

ful volume is now available. It is apostasy and bloody error, with truth Sockman, William James, Albert Einissued primarily for missionaries to conquering in the end when the Savior stein, Robert A. Millikan, and others.

help them in the performance of ordicomes. The book is attractively It has a useful index of first lines and

nances and in the conduct of other printed, bound, and illustrated. The covers a multitude of quotations for.

activities pertaining to their work. It author proposes in an enclosed sepaspecial days and seasons and subjects.

has had considerable material added rate pamphlet that out of the Book of Many speakers looking for stories and to it from the pen of John A. Widtsoe Mormon account of the visit of Christ quotations to fortify their subjects will

and others, and has been ably edited to America a real American passion find this work useful. R. L. E.

and compiled by Gordon B. Hinckley play could be formed and urges that

soon. Properly Publicity, be done Radio,and the Church such done and this GLEANINGS a "passion play"LiteratureMission might spread Committee.- widely R.L.E. (Ora Pate Stewart. The Naylor the story the of of Book and Mormon Company, Antonio 6, San

greater faith encourage believamongTHE FRONTIER HUMAN Texas. $2.50.)

ers.—/. A. W. (Roger Harcourt, Brace J. Williams, /*\ra is Pate Stewart stranger no

1946. Company,& New York.

to the readers of the for her Era pages.314 $3.00.) THE STORY stories OF THE poetry and long have appeared/"Challenging, thoughtprovoking, and MORMON PIONEERS in the pages of this publication. GleanSkousen. Cleon 223rd of (W. effort is this prophetic Quorum to beat "a ings includes her poems which have

Seventies, San Stake. Fernando for Adscience betpathwaynew a toward written been result as a of the wide

dress of Marguerite Author—3509ter understanding ourselves,"of This experience of the in author her varied

St., Angeles Los California. (41),science all beings, to of human which activities her and extensive travels.

other sciences should and in the end 1947. 48 pages. 50 cents.) She has visited every state but one

must contribute, is called humanics. ""The 223rd Quorum of Seventy and of the fortyeight states. And she has

as this scienceOnly is developed can the author have here done themmade good use of her senses—plusfull peace happiness and cover the selves proud. This pamphlet covers in her intuition woman's as she has

earth. In the building of humanics the simple, direct language the story of the traveled. This book should appeal to

individual man, differing to some deMormon pioneers from Kirtland, Ohio, all who are interested in life.—M. C. /.

JULY 1948 447

We Go; We Come M.I.A. progress, give grateful thanks. May the Lord continue to bless them and satisfy their in-

(TIratitude, appreciation for work well done, most desires!

overshadowed regret when, at the April gen- * * * eral conference, the release of President Lucy Change is an eternal law. Church positions are

Grant Cannon with her counselors and associates seldom held for life. Changes increase our exon the General Young Women's Mutual Improveperience. New calls, high or low, (in God's kingment board was announced. This feeling from the dom all calls are high), add to our progress and

people was wellearned, welldeserved. The service open the way for experience to others. What

of these sisters in building Zion's womanhood topower these sisters may add to'any future posiward worthiness cannot be measured by any orditions to which they may be called! Others take

nary standard. They have fitted young lives for their places. New personalities come, but the old

maturity in a distraught, chaotic world. They eternal principles and policies remain. Truth and

have trained women for the firm establishment of its accompanying light are without beginning or the latterday kingdom of God, Unstintedly, they end. * * * *

have used their time, talents, and labor, earnestly and prayerfully, for the task before them. With At this writing only the new presidency has been

eager, urgent desire, by day and in the wakeful announced. We call down upon these sisters the

hours of night, they have pondered and planned, blessings of heaven. They are capable women,

always for the benefit and blessing of the girlstalwart in the cause of the Lord. They will be

hood and young womanhood of the Church. Such sustained gladly by the whole Church membership.

devoted sacrifice has compelled success. ThroughOf them, when the organization is complete, we

out the Church, through this faithful service, womshall later have more to say.

anhood knows the gospel better, is more carefully Youth of Zion! rejoice and be glad! Give thanks

warned against the world's evils, and is more into God for your leadership!

telligently fitted for life's work in home and And so, M.I. A., forward and upward!

Church.—J. A. W.

Knowledge of this is the great reward that will gladden the hearts of these sisters who now retire Is the Word of Wisdom A Commandment? from active general service. We thank the Lord

for them! ("\N February 27, 1833, the Prophet Joseph Smith

Sister Cannon, who really held her position in received the Word of Wisdom which was preffulfilment of a priesthood prediction, has filled one aced:

ofChurch—thirtyonethe longest missionsyearsamonga memberthe womenof theofgenthe and.. the. notwordby commandmentof wisdom, showingor constraint,forth thebutorderby revelationand will

eral dignified, Quiet, board. Y.W.M.I.A. clinging days—of God in the temporal salvation of all saints in the last closely rod,"with a to the "iron clear conception

of the work placed upon her, Sister Cannon's And since that time much has been said about

M.I.A. efforts form an enduring monument to her this the is not of Wisdom Word "loophole"—that life's labors. a therefore commandment, should not receive and

The tender love of Sister Goddard for girlhood the prominent place that it has in the teachings and everywhere, and her intelligent planning of assistpractices of the Church.

ance to youth, have endeared her to young and old, But looking at the last phrase in the verse quoted and won the respect of all. above

Sister Andersen's vigorous, courageous, and understanding approach to every assignment has... showing forth the order and will of God in the temmade her an acceptable worker in every branch poral salvation of all saints in the last days—

of the organization. Surely, knowing the will of God is enough for

Sister Beesley, executive secretary, intelligent his people who are worthy to be called Saints.

and dependable, has discharged her duties with The reason, undoubtedly, why the Word of Wisdom is enviable fidelity. given as not "by commandment or restraint"was that, at

All this and more may be said also about the that time, at least, if it had been given as a commandment members of the board, without whom the presiit would have brought every man addicted to the use of dency could not have met fully with their obligathese noxious things under condemnation; so the Lord was

tion. To this group of capable leaders, loyal to one mercifulbrought themand gaveunder themthe law.a chance2 to overcome before he

another and to the cause of the Church, who have shown a superb indifference to personal comfort in ID.2JosephS C. F.89:2Smith, The Improvement Era 17:88

carrying out M.I.A. policies, all who know recent -A L. Z., Jr.

448 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Mettce*

After years of examination, his two Brigham CXXIU. Sk ivild Lkufck Jjtvcinne his life firm remained throughout:t, Young and unBe -Jcc, iptad tSllndluf shaken in his faith. He knew from his careful

study, beyond peradventure of doubt, that the "TThe obvious and emphatic answer is no, The restored gospel is true. Those who in this Church

question is admitted here only because recently waver in their faith, need to fortify themselves by it has been asked frequently. Apparently some prayer for truth, further study of the gospel and

explanations are necessary. practice in gospel living. So clearly understood is

It seems to be the opinion of some that the gospel and its principles, that there seldom

Latterday Saints do not think, but accept the is an apostasy from the Church except by those doctrines and follow the practices of the Church who have allowed sin to enter their lives.

without an intelligent consideration of what they To understand the gospel a right beginning believe and do. There could not be a more unmust be made. If God and Jesus Christ are acfounded and erroneous view. cepted, the search for the truth of the restored

The doctrine of the Church cannot be fully ungospel must be initiated by a study of the Prophet derstood unless it is tested by mind and feelings, by Joseph Smith and his work. Were his claims true

intellect and emotions, by every power of the inthat he had conversed with the Father and the vestigator. Every Church member is expected to Son; that the priesthood was conferred upon him

understand the doctrine of the Church intelligentlegitimately by personages from the days of Jesus ly. There is no place in the Church for blind adChrist; that he was authorized to organize the

herence. Church of Christ; and that a body of revelations

This is indispensable in a Church which rests was given him for the guidance of the Church?

upon the individual testimonies of its members, A certainty of the divine calling of Joseph Smith and in which there is no professional ministry. must be a foundation of faith in the Church.

Church government lies in the hands of the memThen, it must be understood that some Church bership, every man of which may hold the priestpractices rest upon unchangeable gospel principles.

hood. That requires more than a blind following. We may not always understand these, but no

A Church member who does not study the gosamount of argument can change them. The

pel and try it out in his life is not really in good strength of the gospel lies in these eternal, unChurch standing. Such a man cannot intelligently deviating laws.

perform the work of the Church. With insufficient Some prefer baptism by sprinkling, but the

knowledge he sees things obliquely and obscurely. divine law is that baptism shall be by immersion.

Indeed, he is a danger to the progress of the latterSome feel that an inward call is sufficient to perday work. form such ordinances, therefore making the transThere is nothing new in this. From the beginmission of authority unnecessary. This view is

ning of its history the Church has opposed unbeyond argument, since it violates divine law.

supported beliefs. It has fought halftruth and Still others even in the Church may question the

untruth. It has insisted that its members learn law of tithing. Why should not the requirement

the gospel and its doctrine. It has demanded an be a fifth or a twentieth? Why should there not

intellectual as well as an emotional acceptance of be an upper limit for the rich man? Again, the

the restored truth. It is today a great educational Church is bound by the revelations of God through

organization. It has urged and urges today, upon the Prophet of the Restoration, Joseph Smith.

every candidate, a good understanding of the The labor question is a live issue. Some would

gospel before entering the waters of baptism. have the Church take sides with one or the other

Though a person be touched in his heart and is of the many propositions of the day. Again, the

baptized when first hearing the gospel, he must Church rests its opinion on the eternal law: that

later give it further study, else he cannot become the labor confusion will disappear when all men a useful member of the Church nor can he rise learn to do to others as they would have others to the possible heights in personal joy. The case do to them. Whatever leads in that direction inof President Brigham Young is but an example of vites Church support.

the general rule. It took him two years of study, All such queries, designed to question the

prayer and reflection, after having the gospel propriety of the basic laws of the gospel, are a brought seriously to his attention, before he asked waste of time. Every future revelation of the

for baptism. Church will be in the nature of an extension of

It is this openeyed understanding of the gospel these spiritual foundation stones of the latterday that makes the Latterday Saints so certain of their kingdom of the Lord. This is accepted openeyed

faith. A blind acceptance is an incomplete acnot blindly by Latterday Saints.

ceptance, and usually leaves a person in doubt. ( Concluded on page 478

JULY 1948 449 Of/.AfOM, EVEWBODy RAVEDABOUT bedtime. He loves to make puzzles, Mynw/t Pattern for a Day and appreciates an audience to approve his speed and and facility, SUPREMEf By Helen S. Neal to participate sometimes in assembling the borders. The next one is

Because a woman's life can bein constant need of having her shoes come so choked and strangled tied or her hairbow restored. And

with routine petty jobs as alshe needs activity that can be most to rob her of her sparkle, she shared, planned for her. If she can

particularly needs a plan for each roll the dough or wield the cooky day to keep her soul satisfied. No cutter, she is enraptured. If she can

one can make her plan. In the last get a towel or put a magazine on the

analysis she must decide. It does table, she admires mother for recoghelp to hear how others plan, and nizing her as a helpmate. The baby

borrow anything worth while to finds me particularly useful in the adapt to her own needs. feeding program and in making her

Without a plan, days become bed comfortable.

r\ patternchoked withmaderepetitivefor each routine,day is somebut a Ror me, obviously, the first two I KNEW THEY WOULD

IF YOU USED THE thing to look forward to. items, love deeply and touch young

it ably. Mothers and teachers find NEW loveMinedeeplyis aeachfivepartday andplan.expressI must growing things, overlap considerfulfilled. ORATED STHLEf tangibly.tact with I youngmust havegrowingdefinitethings,contheseI maketwoa consciouscategories efforteasilyeach day

both on the giving and receiving to show concretely my love for their end. I must build toward something daddy, since I inevitably spend more

permanent. I must learn something hours with the children.

new. And I must spend a part of Household routines are discoureach day in developing skill in aging because they have to be resomething. peated. Dust thoroughly today, and

Loving deeply must have a contomorrow a new layer of dust will crete form of expression if it be no need removing. Wash dishes in the

more than darning my husband's morning, and many of the same ones socks. If one has a sick sister or an must be redone at noon, and often

elderly friend, she can call on her again at night. Mended clothes will

or write to her on some cheerful tear again, and washed ones will

VAN CAMP SEA FOOD CO., INC., subject referring to her feeling. One soil again, and floors must be cleanTerminal Island, California may write a letter to the brother, ed again until the day produces a

husband, overseas son, or friend or sense rondo that never of futility—a

a favorite for her perfume There's no substitute for buy but ends This surges on relentlessly.

tuna, when you use mother, or bake one's husband's fais why some corner of each day vorite cake. She may put in some must be devoted toward building

time with a child, reading or playing something permanent.

games. These tangible and concrete Offices, too, can be choking in

expressions of love keep one's own their repetitive routine. We file letpersonality warm and vibrant, and ters only to refer to them, make

fill the need of one's own soul. notations and send answers and Will There are dozens of ways of have to file them all over again. The

touching the lives of small children, day's mail is written, read, signed, beyond the supervision of their sealed, and sent, only with tomorcleanliness and grooming. Our older row comes a similar set to be begun.

ones need accompaniments for their Perhaps we make a business chart, music. Sometimes they are unsure but it must be constantly corrected

of fractions or need drill in their and brought up to date. Things

spelling. If Daddy's not home to don't come to an end like an artist's

play ball, they want me to play picture or a composer's score. Even

"Authors"or "India."The next a housepainter finishes a job and

one needs stories at nap time and goes to new scenes.

450 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Our "something permanent"may take on great variety. I sew for the

children, weave d'resser scarves and weave items for the gift box, and write articles for magazines, especially on music and children. But

there are many other permanent %s.things to work at. One can be \

planting an avenue of trees or work- I I ing on a civic project, like planning I and carrying out a little theater I plan. Perhaps one paints landscapes 1 Ifor recreation. A quilt is tangible \

and satisfying. One woman may

crochet tablecloths or bedspreads, or knit sweaters. All these things take

the odium from the jobs that need constant redoing.

learn every something day is To is goal easy to achieve. If therean—** 1—

not time to sit down with a newspaper or magazine or book for eventhe traditional fifteen minutes a day, ean smells Sweetthere is always the radio. Keep a d

little list of news broadcasts and Things that are completely clean have an unmisbook reviews and round table distakable perfume. It's a delicate, tresh, sweet smell that

cussions near the radio. Select one never is noticeable where there is dirt in any form.

that will be going on during the It tells you instantly—this is clean!

dusting or dishes or baby feeding.

Personally, I enjoy taking reading matter to bed. An alert mind can

rise above the tiresome tasks, for it When you unwrap a big bar of FelsNaptha is occupied with a lively interest in Soap, you get the immediate impression of things going on and in the books cleanliness. This mild golden soap breathes the

that are being written. clean odor of naptha—the gentle, thorough

cleaner that dirt and grime cannot escape.

HPhe last important thing is to work toward developing skill, a little you with wash FelsNaptha Soap Chips, day.every I play harp my of sense and Whenyour registers smell with "CLEAN"

pieces. take pianotry new Did you every swish of suds. Here's where discover you

or violin lessons just long enough to the joy of sneezeless washdays. These husky

wish you had more? Go on with the golden chips shed no powdery dust

lessons or lay out your own protooriginalirritate yournosneezenose. They'rechips! the

gram of practice with enough time for exercises and scales to restore and maintain your facility. Take an Clothes washed the FelsNaptha way

extension course or evening classes. have a fresh, clean smell which proves that

Do you write a little but need a golden soap and gentle naptha, combined, course in typing so you won't have havetrickydonesoapa dirtsubstitutesremovingcanjobequalno...

to hire your manuscripts typed for Next time you wash your baby's you? You are never too old for new things make sure they're

skills. Ella Wheeler Wilcox began completely clean...

her study of the harp after she was Use FelsNaptha Soap.

seventy, yet came to write music for harp.

Friends of mine organized have class,a Spanish engaged a teacher, Golden bar or Golden chips. f|15-|j|P|U|

and are working toward skill in speaking and reading a language FelsNaptha I SO is increasing. importancewhose Another friend has put her leisure after

nursing into painting pictures hours banishes TattleTale Gray skill thatand attained she is enough invited to exhibit at many art shows.

(Continued on page 452) JULY 1948 451

HOMING

( Continued from page 45 1 Some skills may lead to a better position, or to a career when the children are grown. One woman

developed so much skill in handling young girls when she volunteered to lead a Bee Hive group, that a few years later she became dean of Josephine B. Nichols

women at her state university. Analyze your talents. Some have potenPack-andCarry Meals

tialities with creative skill, while others have more interpretative abil- "Decipes that are easy to pack and ity. Some have organizing and leadpark,carryor to toyoura ownnearbybackcanyon,yard. the

ership abilities and work best with groups. Remember a skill is more Chicken and Tuna Casserole

than an inclination, a taste, a desire. No. 2j/2 can tuna fish

It is attained and perfected only by Sy2 oz. jar sliced chicken

practice which means long, hard can cream of mushroom soup cup evaporated milk work, but brings great satisfaction. 72 cup water

These five things belong in a truly 1 tablespoon chopped green onion cup chopped green pepper complete day. Love deeply, and ex- 2 tablespoons sliced pimento

press it in tangible and concrete teaspoon salt ways. Touch the lives of young 1 3-oz. pkg. potato chips

growing things, whether they be Heat soup in double boiler. Add remaining ingredients. Place one half of potato

children, plants, or pets. There must chips on bottom of buttered casserole. Covbe a give and take, for we learn er with tuna, chicken mixture, spread reRetail Value much while we teach or direct or maining potato chips over top. Bake at

guide. Build toward something per350 F. for 25 minutes.

Spaghetti With Meat Keeps bread fresher—more manent,overand-overfor life task,is all andtoo fullthe ofonlythe

sanitary. Ideal for refrigerated or spaghetti macaroni cup ultimate satisfaction is to see some- % vegetables. boiling 2 quarts water

thing shape. taking permanent salt wish. Order as you as many Learn something every day, new for %1 onion,teaspoonchopped plus For each bag send 254

1 label. Offer expires Sept. 30, 1948 we are not separate entities but part 2 tablespoons fat

of a world that is making history 1 pound hamburger

Just25<piusfLABEL daily, and sprung from a past heri- x/22 teaspooncups gratedsaltcheese juice cups tomato 2 from any of these history.tage rich inOurliteratureown andpersonalitiesmusic and 1 teaspoon chopped

learning things. Degrow by new salted boiling, to spaghetti rapidly Add

satisfacfor the sheer MARLO velop green pepper a skill until water. tender. and Drain Cook

*Cupboard Meals"tion of being able to do something with cold water. Melt fat and add onion;wash

until brown. cook hamburger add and Add better. and It may or may not Balls Beef Stew in Gravy better Meat juice. togreen pepper tomato and Mix lucrative lead to endeavor some Chili Frankfurters Carne Con dish cover baking in a buttered gether and

it will bring but Frankfurters later, with Beans dish. cheese. baking grated a great inner with Cover

Chili Spaghetti along. all the Mac peace way at 300 F. for one hour. Remove Bake

and Meat Balls cover and bake ten minutes longer.

Pork and Beans—Q..! *

Spaghetti with Savory Baked Beans

Sauce Meat Beans and HANDY HINTS 1 16 to 18 oz. can pork and beans

Chili Payment for Handy Hints used will be 2 tablespoons brown sugar

Send this coupon one dollar upon publication. In the event 34 teaspoon dry mustard

submitted, are idea that two with the same plus 254 one and will earlier receive the postmarked one label...No Mario the 342 slicescup catsupbacon, cut in oneinch pieces

stamps, please dollar. None of the ideas can be returned,

Mario Packing Corp., San Francisco but each will receive careful consideration. Combine ingredients. Bake covered in

qsm To extend life of cut roses: As the roses greased casserole twenty minutes at 350 F.

are cut, place immediately in cold water Uncover and continue baking twenty minDEPI. D-2 MARLO

1955 Carroll Francisco, Calif. 1 which permits the water to rush into the utes. Avenue, San

stems and excludes the air. The next day t—

NAME place roses in basin of cold water; while

ADDRESS the stems are under water, cut off about one every day (whether from your own garden inch or more on a slant, holding stems unor from the florist) will last for many days.

CITY STATE der water for a few moments. Fill vase This method is also effective on peonies

with cold water and quickly change roses and some other types of flowers.—Mrs. /. B.

from basin to vase. Roses treated this way H Salt Lake City, Utah.

452 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Meal in Salad Bowl v"0jt0tfMd*m,,m4&Me&

sliced onion cup lettuce pttiiH small head tomatoes cut in wedges us** cups fresh cooked or canned peas cup sliced stuffed olives -5KSjgpt greater cooked cup tongue or veal, cut in strips jtivx a, o salt 1 teaspoon dressing 1 cup French ''JS - IJjmt$M@> M. C. P. rings; break lettuce in onion Separate

and vegetables pieces. Arrangebitesized JELLY PECTIN add ihWhm with salt; sprinklemeat on lettuce;

dressing; toss lightly. Serve with crisp with Other Leading Pectins Hi

potato chips.

... 1. It Costs You No More. 2. It Makes More Glasses.

Cherry Pie LOOK AT THESE TYPICAL FIGURES:

fresh cherries pitted, 3 cups 1 PACKAGE 1 cups sugar to V/2 PECTIN STRAWBERRY JAM STRAWBERRY JELLY flour cup 34 salt PECTIN #1* 10 Medium Glasses 6 Medium Glasses teaspoon J/g 2 tablespoons butter PECTIN #2* 8 Medium Glasses 6 Medium Glasses 1 recipe plain pastry M. C. P. 14 Medium Glasses 8 Medium Glasses "NameRequest.On

Line nineinch pie pan with pastry. Trim

pastry onehalf inch beyond rim. Roll re- $*td$4 tfmMf0 - IT'S JAM AND JELLY INSURANCE!

pan. larger than pastry one inchmaining qualhas been always dependability an outstanding Complete

lattice. strips for theCut in onehalf-inch jellies true of finest ity texture and of M.C.P. and PECTIN—jams

Combine cherries, sugar, flour, and salt. Fill fruit Flavor—made in less time, with less work, than ever.

pie. Dot with butter. Top with pastry lattice. edge. Flute Bake in hot oven (400 Compare and You'll Be Convinced—minutes. forty F. ) about

yati <?iT more for your |

Little Apple Pies

5 to 7 apples 1 cup sugar % to 2 tablespoons flour Yz teaspoon salt 1 teaspoon cinnamon 34 teaspoon nutmeg 2 tablespoons butter 1 recipe plain pastry

Pare apples and slice thin; add sugar

mixed with flour, salt, and spices; fill individual pastrylined pie pans. Dot with

butter. Adjust top crusts. Bake in hot oven

(450) ten minutes, then in moderate oven (350) about thirty minutes.

MY OLD HOME TOWN

By Edna S. Dustin

just returned from my old home town;

I It's funny how it had changed. I found

Its Main Street buildings once holding the sky Now only half higher than I was high. Enriched with Vitamins and Iron

Its old muddy streets that reached so wide,

Now merely four legs in a leisure stride.

The old pole fence I once climbed to sit,

Cautiously locking my legs around it, tree in the nest at a peer far upTo off clouds the far as as I now u t t of R O Y A I A K. I N G COv So It n d 6 a. d n seemed That

see; I was surprised I could now touch the nest hand; with my friends Your nonmember and neighbors

pole fence where I sat, my four fingers The will enjoy IN USE for OVER HFIY YEARS span.

Aids in treatment of Canker, simple its folk that marched once were Where like sore throat and other minor mouth THE IMPROVEMENT ERA tall trees, irritations. and throat just chin could beside them I running And The thousands of nonmember ERA has

their knees?

the same Johnny, just stretched out readers I'm still HALLS

Salt Lake REMEDYCity, Utah Subscriptions are $2.50 Foreign $3.00Whoofhassize,lost the magic lens of a small

boy's eyes.

JULY 1948 453 Mekhizedek Priesthood Monthly Quorum Lesson for August LESSON SEVEN: August 1948

18. Point out the principal differ-

"Priesthood Ordinations and Setting ences in the procedure of the two. Use of Quorum Funds for

19. Are there "advancements"Apart"in the Missionary Purposes Priesthood? Melchizedek Explain.

Reference: Melchizedek Priesthood 20. How does the procedure of the A ll Melchizedek Priesthood quorums

Handbook, Section IX-A, p. 55 to ordination of the seventy differ from may properly collect and disburse

Section XI-A, p. 68. that of elders or high priests? funds for missionary purposes. Seven21. Emphasize strongly the precauties'quorums, in particular, are encour-

1. Study the recommendation form tions and discretion that officers of aged to collect and disburse, each year,

for advancement from the Aaronic to stakes should use in approving candisubstantial sums for such purposes.

the Melchizedek Priesthood. dates for ordination into any office of Sums received or collected for mis-

2. Give the steps in the procedure the Melchizedek Priesthood. sionary work should not be diverted to

for advancement from Aaronic to Mel22. Should all brethren called on other uses, but limitations on the use

chizedek Priesthood. missions be ordained to the office of of such funds within the field of mis-

3. Is the same recommendation form seventy? sionary activity should not be adopted.

used to recommend a man to be or23. Should brethren with physical If such limitations have been adopted

it dained a seventy as is used to recomdefects receive the Melchizedek Priestby quorums and are now in force, mend him to be ordained an elder or a hood? would be wise to rescind them. When

to are monies quorums, donated howpriest? high 24. brethren defecmentally Should

in trust ever, the nature are of which 4. Is the recommendation form same tive the receive PriestMelchizedek

is, that funds, the expressdonor when to to a be used recommend man orhood?

is his ly stipulates that condigrant is as to recomseventy dained a used fol25. should be procedure What the tioned the of quoagreement upon

set presias apart a to be a mend man Melchizedek Priesthood lowed when a for specific the funds to spend a rum dent of a quorum of seventy? quorum withdraws the hand of fellowpurpose, and no other, such funds must

5. Whose responsibility is it to recship from a member? be expended in accordance with such

ommend priests to become elders? 26. Describe the procedure in selectagreement.

6. Whose responsibility is it to recing and setting apart presidencies of Quorums should not restrict their exommend elders to become seventies or high priests'quorums. penditures to the interest earned from

high priests and seventies to become 27. Discuss the procedure involved the investment of missionary funds.

high priests? in organizing the first high council of The principal itself should be spent and

7. Should the bishops take the initia- a stake and the subsequent filling of replenished.

tive in ordaining the seventies and high vacancies with high councilors and It is entirely proper for any quorum priests? alternate members. to use its missionary funds to aid

8. Study the recommendation form 28. Point out the differences in the elders, seventies, high priests, or sisters

for ordination in the priesthood and the procedure in selecting and setting apart in their missionary endeavors. The

statement to be filled in by the person presidents of the quorums of seventy only exception to this would be the to be ordained found on page fiftyand the presidencies of high priests'case where a donor expressly provides seven. and elders'quorums. that his grant be limited to a narrower

field. Prospective donors to missionary

9. Who gives final approval for a 29. Who selects and sets apart Melfunds should be discouraged from imman to be ordained a seventy? chizedek Priesthood quorum secreposing restrictions as to the ways in

10. When should formal action be taries? which their grants may be expended.

taken in ordaining brethren into each 30. Should group leaders, their asQuorums unable to find appropriate

of the three divisions of the Melchizesistants, and group secretaries be set uses for their missionary funds within dek Priesthood? apart? their quorum or stake areas, might

11. Study carefully the eight steps properly refer the matter of the use of

suggested in the ordination procedure such funds to the presidency of the from priest to elder. stake and if no demand for such funds

12. Study the eight steps involved Presiding Bishopric's "Report for missionary purposes be found in

in procedure for ordination to the ofof Quarterly stake Conference"theconferstake,withthethestakemissionarypresidencycommitteemightfice of seventy.

13. What are the qualities of charDiscontinued of the Church as to where the money

acter requisite for a person to become might be used advantageously for mis- a seventy? A uthorization has been given by sionary work. Such funds should not

to permitted be lie idle. Wise and conFirst the Presidency and the Counthe ordination of 14. performs Who imperative. tinuous use is the discil of for the immediate Twelve ofall seventy? the office to brethren

Council of the Twelve 15. Who gives approval for ordainprovidedcontinuanceby ofthe formPresidingNo. 4Bishop's1147 2M,ofThe

ing seventies to the office of high fice, known as "Report of Quarterly priest? Stake Conference."

16. Study the seven steps of proceThis form was prepared by the stake subjects treated, etc. The nature of the

dure for ordination from seventy to clerks, listing attendance of the priestpresent quarterly stake conference prohigh priest. hood at conference, details regarding gram outline obviates, in large measure,

17. Study the six steps of procedure the various conference sessions, tothe necessity for the information shown

for ordination from elder to high priest. gether with a listing of all speakers, on this report; hence its discontinuance.

454 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA NOLIQUOR-TOBACCO COLUMN#rtatti Conducted by r Dr. Joseph F. Merrill

CONDUCTED BY THE GENERAL PRIESTHOOD COMMITTEE OF THE COUNCIL OF THE

B. LEE, TWELVE G. CHAIRMAN; EZRA BENSON, TAFT MARION ROMNEY,—HAROLD

Alcohol and Its Problems CLIFFORD THOMAS LEVI E. YOUNG, E. MC KAY, SONNE, EDGAR ALMA YOUNG,

ANTOINE R. IVINS, RICHARD L. EVANS, OSCAR A. KIRKHAM, S. DILWORTH A ll over the country there is a growYOUNG, MILTON R. HUNTER, BRUCE R. MC CONKIE ing public interest in the question

of beverage alcohol and its problems those relating to its manufacture, disWho Shall Perform Ordinations timely to clarify this matter and urge tribution, and consumption. This incompliance with practices as officially creased interest is due in part to the

and Settings Apart? outlined in the Melchizedek Priesthood fact that scientific men and medical

Handbook. experts are giving attention now more years President ago F. Joseph Come

is Below a list of various ordinations than formerly to the study of alcohol valuable Smith instructions gave settings and apart which and may particularly problems, those relating to relating to the seeking of counsel and should be accomplished the stake by the consumption alcoholic of beverconforming the established with order officers designated: ages. This attention increased began the priesthood. of these of portion A several years the ago when American follows: remarks

By Whom Ordained or Association for the Advancement of

This matter [of conforming to the order Office Set Apart Science decided to have a careful of the Church] is generally understood in High priests'Stake presidency study made of the effects resulting cases of difficulty, but does not seem to be quorum presifrom the consumption of alcoholic so well understood in what may be termed dency coundrinks. In recent years, many books,

smaller, selors quite but as weighty, magazine, articles and newspaper on subjects. find instances often where Wenevertheless the subject have been written. Curpriests Under direction of stake the counsel advice and of High and judgment

the priesthood next in order is entirely presidency and high rently, many organizations, some of overlooked, or completely disregarded. priests'quorum presithem recent, have been set up for the

Men go to the president of the stake for dency purpose of doing something about alcounsel when, in reality, they should concohol.

sult their teachers or bishop; and often Elders quorum Stake presidency or high Among the recent ones is the Yale

councilor assigned by First apostles, Presidency, come to the or presidency School of Alcohol Studies at New stake presidency seventies, the president of their stake when Connecticut, Haven, and the National is to. has never been This spoken wrong, with headMovement Elders direction Under of stake Temperance all in at not the compliance and with order at quarters Chicago. School Yale The presidency the of of priesthood Church. the The

is set pattern, the has which being more should in overlooked never be ward any secredirection Quorum or less Under followed experts of stake laboraand by the stake authorities case where are contaries presidency tories elsewhere, the applying of methsulted; the authorities should nor stake be

research ods of scientific to these disregarded, the that counsel genof the Stake missionStake president studies. The National Temperance eral authorities obtained. be a Such may aries

course of disregarding the proper local ofMovement aims to take the facts comficers is neither in conformity with the ing from these researches and human

Church instructions and organization, nor Stake and ward officers are reexperience, give them publicity and conducive to good order. It creates conquested to observe the foregoing insupport movements designed to reduce

fusion. Every officer in the Church has structions and to use wisdom in perconsumption and lead to total abstibeen placed in his position to magnify the forming those functions delegated to nence. Its method is essentially educasame, to be a guardian and counselor of the them, thus following the order of the tional.

people. All should be consulted and reChurch in attending to these important the of this sponsorship Under movetheir positions, in spected overand never matters. there ment, held in April at 1948, was in their places. looked

In this way only can prevail that harThe Council of the Twelve the University of Chicago a fourday mony and unity which are characteristic conference of "The National Council of the Church of Christ. The responsibility on the New Approach to the Alcohol

also of this great work is thus placed upon Problem."Dr. Sherman S. Brinton,

the laboring priesthood, who share it with chairman of the Chicago Stake Nothe general authorities; and thus likewise, LiquorTobacco committee and Prothe perfection, strength, and power of the Question and Answer fessor Chauncey D. Harris of the Uniclear- shine forth organization with Church attended meetings versity of Chicago Question still have er lustre. some edition), Gospel Doctrine (1939 69: We of this conference to us and reported quarterly group, 161. quorum, p. and stake

Melchizedek Priesthood report blanks some of the proceedings. One of the

brethren of the Not infrequently left last from year. May we utilize speakersPh.D., M.D.,reportedvice presidentwas A.of theC. UniIvy, requested or Authorities are General these during 1948?

expected to care for ordinations and versity of Illinois, one of the ablest settings apart of priesthood members Answer 69: No. The reports for students of alcohol in the country. He

and officers although local brethren are 1948 incorporate additional informaspoke to the subject "Beverage Alcohol fully authorized to do so. Such actions tion which renders previous reports and National Health."From Profesnot only place an unnecessary burden obsolete. New instructions are likesor Harris'report, we give herewith

upon these brethren, but result in some wise included in the revised roll and the following:

cases in a feeling that such procedures report books mailed recently to all 1. Nature o[ the Problem

are more desirable or perhaps more stake presidents for distribution to the Alcohol is a drug similar to morphine.

efficacious. It is therefore considered various quorums and groups. (Concluded on page 460)

JULY 1948 455 WARD YOUTH LEADERSHIP Special to Bishops

OUTLINE OF STUDY Recommendations for Individual Certificates of Award

AUGUST 1948 Tt is apparent that there are some misMay we say, in all kindness, but in rpHE lesson for August will be understandings among bishops as to such way as it cannot be misunder- a review of the study mawho is entitled to receive the individstood:

terial presented in this column for ual certificate of award in the Aaronic Only those young men and young

March and April 1947, Priesthood and L.D.S. girl programs. women between twelve and twenty*

Mimeographed copies of the We frequently receive letters askone years of age who have met all of lessons will bishsent be to each for ing for exceptions or one reason rerequirements the the minimum of in Bishone advance. month op It that another. observed has been in spective individual certificates award of are requested to immediately ops still instances other bishops approve

place the material in the hands of young men and young women's are to be recommended by the bishop, the leader who presents the lesreceiving the award because they to receive this recognition. No excepsons during the monthly meeting "haven't the heart to refuse them,"or tions, please!

of the ward youth leadership because they are "such fine young peoYoung people know whether they committee that he may have ample,"or because it will "break their are entitled to receive the award when ple time to make adequate prephearts if they aren't recognized."the year's work is finished. Certainly

aration. One mother, surprised when her no good can come from their receiving

daughter received the award, said, something to which they know they are

Ward Teaching "Imagine my surprise, and hers, when not fully entitled.

she was given the award when we both know she was not entitled to it."AnStake and ward committees in both

Dignify the Teacher other mother and daughter were seen programs are asked to give full consideration to this as to matter now so to the refuse return acand to award of objectives the recommendedCNE further avoid the misunderstandings at it cept been they had not knew it when for conscientious leaders who supervise ward teaching is to dignify the earned. end of the year.

office of the teacher. To dignify the

position adds to selfrespect. The of that particular district, to go with going to administer to the sick. Many

bishop holds the key to such an accomhim to the home to assist in making assignments can be given in cases of plishment. The ward teachers are the funeral arrangements. Where possible, sickness and misfortune. Any service

bishop's representatives and the recogsome responsibility should be given rendered will not only benefit the less nition given to them will of necessity them in connection with the service. fortunate, but it will also enrich the life

come as a result of his love for the They should also be included when of him who serves.

program.

One of the best opportunities to digLincoln Ward,CHALLENGINGGranite (SaltRECORDSLake City) Stake nify the teacher comes in the ward teachers'report meeting. Here the rangingOne hundredfrom onepercentto fiverecords,years,

bishop may not only instruct, but he are the boasts of these outcan place the proper appraisal upon the standingFor theyounggirlspeople.and for the

value of efficient work. Praise for work boysance it recordsmeans perfectat sacramentattendwell done is a debt we owe the successmeeting, Sunday School, M.I. A.,

ful teacher, and it will also motivate and,meetingin foraddition,the boys.priesthoodEach

faithfully one the has kept others.the efforts of occasional An

of Wisdom, has paid Word and confidence ofexpression and full tithing. com- a

mendation from the bishop in sacraright,Identification,and the numberfrom ofleftyearsto ment meeting will bring about a genueach one has maintained this ine feeling of appreciation from the lowe,perfectonerecord:year; DaroldMarilynMarlowe,Marward teachers. oneyear;year;PearlGloriaTrauffer,Trauffer, fourone

Where a death occurs, it is sugyears; Joy Trauffer, five years;

gested that the bishop call the teachers Dale Curtis, two years.

A CHALLENGING RECORD

Mapleton Ward, Kolob Stake, deacons established a challenging activity record for 1947. The combined records of the two quorums

reveal an attendance record of priesthood meeting 80 percent;

sacrament meeting 54 percent;

Sunday School 66 percent; Y.M.

M.I.A. 78 percent.

With the boys in the photograph are Bishop Oscar Whiting, quorum advisers Vance Gividen and

Weiby Warren.

156 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

C*diled bit cX.ee v. f-almer\%W$M%

Aaronic Priesthood

Aaronic Priesthood

Quorum Officers to An Idea from the Field

Conduct Meetings JLTere is another idea with great possibilities. Have you ever thought

of handing to each bishop in your stake a picture of the attendance department the special at committee Priesthood members of his Aaronic Priest59 of the Aaronic pagef\N it, and see Try each month? meeting leadership in the stake priesthood there are some Handbook, hood

pointed suggestions for the conducting how the bishops will see to it that their general secretaries and quorum of Aaronic Priesthood quorum meetings. advisers take more seriously their responsibility to attend the meeting.

(Salt Bonneville in the Lake City) report the used reproduce We suggestions are not quoting theWe difficult it isn't to see why. month. It works, and each that stake and Stake suggesting arehere but

ward committees make it an early matAttendance at Bonneville Stake Priesthood {Leadership) Meeting of ter of business to review this material Members of Ward Aaronic Priesthood Committee and take such action as will bring quorum procedure in line with the recom- 1 a "2mendations.

stakes and Visits to wards over the o q 1 considerable indicate roomChurch O |i *5 2 for improvement in this vital part of quorum government. General Secretary Assistant Secretary 11110116 A quorum presidency cannot be Priest's Adviser 100011033 10 in part, accomplishignored, and 110 even 2 Adviser Teacher's 10 10 appointment. of their purposesthe high 3 8 2 2 Deacon's Adviser 10 officers the presiding areThey 2 2 7 4 1 3 3 22 in the Total

quorum. They are entitled to be taught

how to preside over their quorum as Number of Visits to Inactive Boys by Members of Ward Aaronic a group and how to preside over the Priesthood Committee During the Month of April individual members of the quorum. Priests 4 4 6 3

They are leaders by special appointTeachers 4 6 2 12 1 1 14 1ment, and the duties of their offices Deacons 7 2 should be meticulously taught them and Total 15 3 3 5 26 6 every opportunity to put such instrucHow many monthly visits do you think would be required to make tion into action should be afforded yours one of the best quorums in the Church?

them.

HKW

wWINGLEWOOD STAKE L.D.S. GIRLS RECEIVE INDIVIDUAL AWARDS

One hundred and twentyeight girls in the Inglewood (California) Stake received Individual Certificates of Award for 1947. Only about onethird of the

number is represented in the photograph.

The reception given the girls was attended by 350 mothers and daughters.

Each girl wore a gardenia corsage which was donated by a Japanese florist, Mr. George J. Inagaki, who is reported to have said, when approached by a committee wanting to buy the flowers: "The Mormons were very good to me when I had to live among them in Salt Lake City during the war. I'll be glad to give

you the flowers."One hundred and twentyeight corsages were given free in appreciation of a little human kindness and consideration.

JULY 1948 457 CHURCH

1. Junior Girls of

Long Beach Stake with one of the largest groups in attendance ever to participate in the rose ceremony in that stake.

2. Honor Bee

Hive Girls of Wellsville Second Ward.

3. Chicago Stake

Gold and Green Ball. The queens

were dressed in period costumes.

4. Marysvale, South Sevier Stake, Bee Hive group.

5. Levan Ward, Juab Stake, Gold and Green queen and

attendants.

6. The Junior girls of the Sugarhouse Stake were honored in the rose ceremony after attaining 100 percent

membership.

7. Members and queen with her attendants at the Gold

and Green Ball held in Pleasant Green Ward, Oquirrh

Stake.

8. Modesto Ward, San Joaquin Stake, queen and her attendants.

9. Sugarhouse Stake present awards to fortythree

Honor Bee Hive girls with i68 Bee Hive girls participating in the ceremony. Edith W. Snarr, stake president of

Y.W.M.I.A. presented each Honor Bee with a beautifully

booklet bound autographed by President Smith, and officers of the stake and the Mutual presidency.

Theme10. Reno"StoryWard,BookRenoLand"Stake,was Goldcarriedand out.Green Ball. The

11. Bend (Oregon) Branch Gold and Green Ball, Northwestern States Mission.

12. franklin Stake Gold and Green Ball.

13. Young Stake Gold and Green Ball held in Farmington, New Mexico.

14. Houston Branch Gold and Green Ball queen and her attendants.

15. Elko Ward, Humboldt Stake, Gold and Green Ball.

16. Meridian Ward Teen Age Chorus which has participated in many Church activities.

17. Cgden Stake Gold and Green Ball in which nine queens participated.

18. The Gleaner Girls of Reno Ward, Reno Stake, bind their sheaf.

458 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ACTIVITIES IN PICTURE

JULY 1948

NOLIQUOR-TOBACCO COLUMN (Concluded from page 455) 3. Cause of the Problem Now the most effective method yet

The physiology of morphine is well known Causes lie in the individual himself, sofound of alcoholics reaching the state because it is administered by doctors under ciety, and the nature of alcohol. Some peoof total abstinence, seems to be that

prescribed and carefully measured condiple believe that virtually all chronic drinkemployed by Alcoholics Anonymous.

ers suffer deficiencies psychiatric but fromtions. Similar characteristics of alcohol are this of beginning the movement Since

that indicate studies personality thenot of recent example For known. range ago, years a in dozen about York New in important problems are only 25 about issusceptibility disDr. not Ivy known. sixty it is that about estimated now of the cases of alcoholism. percent Excesdifferent three intinguishes aspects (1) total alcoholics become have thousand in arises sive other drinking cases fromtoxication, did discuss, he not which (2) does employed abstainers. method The in social repeated alcohol. overindulgence formation,habit addiction. Habit and (3)

inof is medicine kind and fact that use not alcohol habitforming any a The is feeling recognizedformation the by on the part of the individual that he must have drug is also important. volves no expense whatsoever, except

of going toalcohol regularly. Addiction is recognized 4. Treatment and Cure the expense of travel—that

by definite physiological symptoms of nervTreatments are of two types ( 1 ) condimeetings. Here the newcomer meets

ousness, jitters, etc., similar to addiction to tioned reflexes of associating nausea with with recovered alcoholics who relate

morphine. alcohol (the cure is highly effective for a to him how they overcame the drink

short period but declines in effectiveness evil and offer their services gratis to 2. Size of the Problem with the passage of time), and (2) Alcohelp him do likewise. The method,

Alcohol is a major national health probholics Anonymous. The only sure prevew then, is testimony and personal help

lem; some authorities place it first, and no tion is total abstinence and education that and companionship, given at any time,

recognized authority places it lower than alcohol is a serious public health problem, day or night, when the impulse to drink fifth. Its to it is importance is due not alone that forming, that habit the and feelsurges up with conquering force.

alcoholism, are estichronic there though for of signal ing alcohol a is a need danger mated to be 750,000 chronic alcoholics in of alcoholism. The Alcoholics Anonymous movethe United States and 3,000,000 excessive ment is growing rapidly. It came to

drinkers. Ivy estimates that there are Alcoholics Anonymous Utah a few years ago. Since that time

4,000,000 persons in the United States with A s we have formerly said, most of the there have been organized three groups either habit formation or addiction. Alcoauthorities in the field of alcohol in Salt Lake City and one each in

holism is a more serious disease than either now, as does Dr. Ivy above, assert fourteen other towns as follows: Ogto tuberculosis according the orcancer City, Heber Provo, den, Logan, that alcoholism is a disease—"the most

public it has Furthermore affected.number Ephraim, Fillmore, Nephi, it Tooele, painful to man."But disease known its effects other influence throughhealth on

problems: 25 percent of the insanity grows is a peculiar disease, differing from all Richfield, Monroe, Moab, Vernal,

out of alcoholism, 2590 percent of the others. No medicine, no surgical operaRoosevelt, and Salina. Of course they

cases of venereal diseases are contracted tion, no treatment of any kind will ever exist in cities and towns of other states.

while the victims are under the influence of cure it, so the authorities say. There An alcoholic who would like to conalcohol, 2025 percent of the accidents is only one thing that has ever been quer drink should contact one of these

(automobile) are by persons under the inknown to conquer it total abstinence. groups, where he will find a warm,

fluence of alcohol. Also use of alcohol preAn alcoholic who has conquered drink sympathetic, and helpful welcome.

disposes a person to the development of may never taste the stuff again without tuberculosis, pneumonia, nephritis, and having the dormant, terrible disease The post office address of any of sclerosis of the liver, though, of course, it flare up again in all its old time fury. these groups may be obtained by writdoes not cause these diseases. No disease This means the disease is never cured ing to Utah State Board on Alcoholis helped by alcohol, though alcohol may—it has only been made dormant by ism, 248 South Main Street, Salt Lake

ameliorate the symptoms. total abstinence. City.

THE FALLACY OF MODERATE DRINKING

(Concluded from page 441 and newspapers with the widest cirease for which neither the individual permanent part of our American culation. It is one of the richest acnor the liquor industry is responway of life. It may take thirty, fifty, counts of the great advertising agensible; that the way to avoid excesor a hundred years to win this cies. It is closely linked with radio and sive drinking and the disease of

battle, but we shall not rise to our movie interests. It has a definite prodrunkenness is to teach young peofull greatness as a people until it gram for building the drinking of ple in home and school and church

has been won. intoxicating liquor into the warp how to drink moderately so that

It is not and will not be easy to and woof of our American civilizathey will know what to drink, when wage a successful movement in fation. With the development of new to drink, how much to drink, and

vor of total abstinence as a way of forms of advertising—color telehow to carry their liquor.life, as against the idea of moderate vision and the like—its power to The ultimate goal of the antidrinking as an acceptable social reach the minds of the people will liquor strategy should be total absticustom. Any idea that is widely increase. nence by as large a part of the

established is hard to combat. But The plan of the organized liquor population as possible. We should

when the idea is actively promoted industry is clear. It has a definite seek through homes, school, church,

by one of the most powerful indusline which it seeks to propagate and and community to produce a gentries of modern times, the task is establish. That line is this: Fix in eration of men and women with

doubly difficult. people's minds the idea that liquor such staunch Christian character

The liquor industry has reached drinking in moderation is a normal, and such a high regard for the savast proportions. It can and does wholesome accomplishment; that all credness of human personality that

spend every year enough money to the harm comes from excessive there will be no place for even moddominate many of the magazines drinking; that drunkenness is a diserate drinking in this age.

460 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.!

More "90*... for your dough I

When you come right down to it, OilPlating actually stays up on what you want from a premium cylinder walls... won't all drain

motor oil is... the best possible down, even overnight!

protection and the least added oil That means you're extrapro- from the time you fill till the time tected against powerclogging you drain. sludge and carbon due to wear

Conoco Wh Motor Oil (Pat-... extraprotected against metalented) gives you more for your eating combustion acids... extramoney because (1) when N'Oil protected against destructive

enters your motor, it OilPlates friction.

every working part with an extra So, to keep your power... to

film of lubricant and (2) this extra get more "go"for your dough..

fo OllrPLATE Make aMe Copyright 1948, Continental Oil Company

JULY 1948 461 THE LAND NOBODY WANTED (Continued from page 436) frequently called attention to the states. Her students are found in

men. They are just a lot of... fact that every foot of water in Lake educational centers throughout the

religious bigots, but I do feel sorry Mead backed up by Hoover Dam country. Of the nation's men of

for the women and children. They comes from the watershed included achievement, as reported by Dr. E.

will starve to death in the Salt Lake in Brigham Young's original Pro- L. Thorndike of Columbia UniverValley."visional State of Deseret. sity, Utah leads the national averIn different versions of the story Within the limits of that original age by a wide margin. Of the naof the meeting of President Young state is an area with unbounded tion's men of science, as shown by

with Jim Bridger, it is sometimes resources. In Utah alone, grains of a survey made by Dr. Thorndike

said that Bridger offered a thousand practically every variety grow. and published in his book, American

dollars for the first ear of corn With the exception of tropical fruits Men of Science, Utah leads the next raised in the Salt Lake Valley. Analmost every fruit used by man is nearest state by approximately thirty

other version is that the thousand to be found, not only in abundance, percent.

dollar offer was for "the first bushel but also of incomparable flavor. A survey by the United States

of wheat."The fact is that it was Wool is grown in Utah in sufficient Office of Education shows a comfor the first bushel of corn—meanquantities to supply all the needs of parison of the educational status of

ing the first bushel of grain, whether its own people and more for export. the inductees in World War II.

it be wheat, corn, or any other grain. Cattle, hogs, and sheep for meat, After discussing the states that furIn those pioneer days the word corn supplemented by wild meat from nished men of least education, the

was used in the same sense we use the mountains and plains, chickens report states:

the word grain today. What we and eggs, turkeys and geese, with

other the extreme mountain,At the was called as maize, corn fish in was then wildknow fowl in abundance, and state 9.4 of percent with only of Utah

is In its proper the name.which to some the mountain streams, add inductees having completed and enlistees

countries the word corn still is used generous supply of food. less than one year of high school; 18.5

to indicate any cereal grain. So Coal, which it is said the people percent having completed at least one year

college, of the school years and of median offeringBridger a thousand was in this area of could not consume being school, years of high completed twodollars for the of corn, first bushel less years, a million than wood and the national or average. one above

wheat, or any other grain grown in timber in forests as yet untouched the Salt Lake Valley. It was forprovide fuel for every need. Recent In the Scientific Monthly for May

tunate for Bridger that he didn't discoveries indicate that oil may 1943 under the title "Origin of Sumake a contract for all the grain soon become an important Utah perior Men,"Dr. Thorndike regrown by the pioneers at the rate product. With the exception of a veals:

first offered of a thousand dollars few very rare metals, Utah has not a bushel. The production of grain only sufficient for its own needs, We may conclude therefore that the

in the Salt Lake Valley has run but also a surplus to sell elsewhere. production of superior men is surely not

into many millions of bushels. Scenery that has attracted visitors anaffiliationaccident,withthatincome,it hasthatonlyit isa closelyslight

And now, a hundred years after from all over the world, enough salt related to the kind of persons residing in

Brigham Young met Jim Bridger, to supply America for years to New England and in the block formed by it is estimated that nearly a third come, sulphur in abundance, and Colorado, Idaho, North Dakota, South

Utah, 1870 Dakota, and from Wyoming, live inof a million people this same natural resources of other dozens that these persons 1900, to and probablySalt to Lake Valley which seemed apart as a place and one mark Utah the diverged of the from country average the early explorers to be a desolate, of nature's great storehouses. toward the qualities which make persons

sunburned, and worthless territory. learn to read, graduate from high school,

Instead of starving to death in the spend public funds on libraries rather than roads and sewers, own their homes, avoid "pROM Salt Lake Valley, the pioSalt Lake Valley as Jim Bridger homicide, be free from syphilis,...

neers expanded east, west, had predicted, the women Bridger of helped lay the foundation cities, pitied builtnorth, south. and They In their book, Education—Ameriof education that has at- a system for farms, canals, land thebroke dug ca's published in 1946, Dr. Magic,

built roads and bridges, opened the tracted the attention of the world's Raymond M. Hughes, president

canyons to travel, and laid the foremost educators. In average emeritus of Iowa State College, and

foundation for a mighty intermounyears of school completed by adults William H. Lancelot, professor of

tain empire. When Brigham Young twentyfive years of age and older, vocational education at Iowa State

first set the boundaries of this westUtah leads all the states, with CaliCollege, report:

ern Latterday Saint Zion, they infornia and Oregon following in cluded all of the present states of order. Ability to support education by no means

Utah and Nevada, and parts of In percentage of income devoted determinesen state intheeducation.accomplishmentSome, oflikeany UtahgivIdaho, Wyoming, Colorado, New to education in the fortyeight and Kansas, while only moderately "able,"

Mexico, Arizona, Oregon, and states, Utah ranks fourth. Utah has rank very high in accomplishment, apCalifornia. The southwestern tip more high school graduates and parently holding education in high esteem

effort putting forth great to providewas on the Pacific Ocean, and the more college students per capita and.. it for. Striking people. their young

main western boundary was the than any other state in the Union. examples are seen in Delaware and Utah,

crest of the Sierra Nevada MounHer literacy rate is very high the former of which ranks fifth in ability tains. President Heber J. Grant among the highest of any of the (Concluded on page 464)

462 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 8 &MLIIM.J with a New Fleet of Quality Tractors

Commemorating the beginning of its Second Century of service to American

agriculture, The Oliver Corporation presents a new fleet of farm tractors with

advanced features of practical value to those engaged in the business of farm* ing with power*OLIVER "FINEST IN FARM MACHINERY"

Mountain States Implement Company

Oejden, Utah

JULY 1948 Branches: UTAH Ogden IDAHO Preston Idaho Falls Rupert Shelley 463

Tremonton Blackfoot Buhl Rexburg Twin Falls "WHAT'S SHE GOT?"

(Concluded from page 440) clean in every way. They like them practise treating their own families

and not too eager to be found out to look alive and happy and to seem with consideration. They learn to

so, either that or the excitement of to enjoy themselves. They want dance and play. They learn the

new dating keeps it from being them to have good manners and to forms of courtesy and a few groomknown until you get really well acbe considerate and "at ease."They ing techniques. If they have done

quainted with her, and by then it's like them to "fit in"—to be as ready this early in life, they find that they

too late. If you don't like her parfor a canyon party as for a formal 'jell'pretty well with groups as

ticular brand of moods, you give her dance; as happy with a simple evethey come into their middle and late

up and try another, but the chances ning as a big one but, if they're teens.

are that you like her so well you boys, to produce a "big"evening "Second. If this training isn't

just overlook them."occasionally and, if they're girls, to taken easily or early enough, you

it is appreciate offered. burst nothing,"Robert "Overlook one when are to overdo bound or underdo—inin, of to "it's a challenge to a fellow a to have sense They like them fact, extent, anyto some you willpull her out of them—that is, if you humor, to be tactful, and thoughtway. So don't take yourself too serilike her. Of course, if she's too ful. They like them to be a little ously. It won't matter if someone

much that way or just enjoys showsmart at thinking up new places, laughs at you a little. Set up your

ing off or keeping you in a fever, it's new ideas, new fun. They like the own standards, fix your own 'sights,'

best to say 'goodbye.'Life's too girls occasionally to offer entertainknow where you want to go andshort for a constant round of moods, ment—individually or in groups what you want to be, and you'll be

but a little variety is just plain inin their homes or organizations. doing the last laughing -—unless

teresting."They like them to be polite and conyou've learned to be too polite for

"What about morals?"I mansiderate to their parents. They like last laughing. Take criticism kindly.

aged. them "well balanced."Let your brothers and sisters give

"A clean boy is the only date I'm "How,"asked Martha, "is one to you a word of counsel about makeat all interested in,"said Jane. get that way? It seems to me that up and manners. None of us can see

"Likewise for girls,"Bill was only girls who have dated a great ourselves, so it's best to be seen by emphatic. deal and are very experienced can critical but loving eyes, before we

There was a strong chorus of "I be all of those things. What are the must meet the critical who aren't so

should say."kids to do who just haven't achieved loving.

all this and yet must try to 'break llflosT of this group were pretty in? "Third: Knowing your own imsolid Church youngsters, but "You'll meet that problem all perfections, remember that many

not all of them had this background. your lives in one way or another, so girls and boys you see have potenNevertheless, the reply was deteryou might as well get used to it,"tialities for greatness along with

mined and unanimous. They all I suggested cheerfully. "That's why their present funny mannerisms. Be

wanted clean friends. three things are important to rethe smart girl who recognizes in

I tried to summarize for them. member: Bob the marvelous man of tomorrow

if he does stutter and blushBoys and girls in the main want "First: A lot of preliminary—even

their dating companions to be good training is offered freely in homes, now when he meets new people. Be

the bright the in Ruth boy who sees necessarily wise and the and churches, handsome schools,looking—not

is unselfish, really funloving pal she avail themselves of these opporneat, wellgroomed,or beautiful but if her nervous young laughand clean. In fact, they want them tunities from their early youth. They—even

does make you wince at times. Perhaps you are a boy with a beautiful mother, and you have decided

THE LAND NOBODY WANTED that you 'want a girl, just like the (Concluded from page 462) voted to school purposes. Indeed, this girl who married dear old Dad.'

and thirtyfourth in accomplishment, while combination of great effort and high efThen let me assure you that if you the latter ranks thirtysecond in ability and ficiency and the utilization of school funds had known your mother when she first in accomplishment. seems to have operated in a remarkable was seventeen and judged her by

manner to overcome the handicap of relyour present Hollywoodtinctured ability. outclasses low Utah easily The conclusion of the study is: atively

in standards, you would have passed states in overall all other performance

Utah has first place among the states education. her by. Dad was smart. Or perby a wide margin.... haps you are a girl who thinks your

While ranking thirtysecond in ability Utah is famous, too, for its beaufather the most wonderful man in to support education with an income of tiful and imposing churches. All the world. Remember then, please,

child, fourth in only $1,680 a and effort, the major religious groups have conthat he grew that way from an unfirst it still in educational ranks accomplishment, in the degree in which accomgregations here and all live together impressive, shy boy. Mother just

plishment is commensurate with ability, in peace and unity. knew how to 'pick her man.'Get to

in efficiency, and in the level of adult All told, Utah is the home of know the real girl and her real poseducation. some of the happiest people in the sibilities, the real boy and his real

This appears to be due almost wholly world. possibilities when you're looking for to the high value placed on education by

the people of Utah, coupled with high And all this in p 'and nobody a date. Ask yourself"honestly,

efficiency in the expenditure of funds dewanted! 'What's She Got?'

464 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA jt what k&wib (mtfiak kai& fcru \MMfpm-

a practical, purposeful way to choose wall colors

Fuller's new "JEWEL CASE

of wall paint colors

NEWEST COLORS Created for today's trend in deep tones and pastel tints as used by modernminded architects, decorators and fabric designers. At last, a NEW IDEA!—Fuller's exclusive Jewel Case of

Smart colorstyling! wall paint color chips! Loose chips!—in selfhelp slots!

WIDEST RANGE. Look! 96 deep tones, shades and Take home all the colors you want. Loose chips!—free for

tints; 30 pastels in different sheens; 18 bright comparing with walls, woodwork, drapes, upholstery,

enamel colors for woodwork and furniture. 144 rugs. America's newest, most practical way to pick in'

modern interior paint colors right before your eyes!

Fuller's terior colors. See Fuller Jewel Case—wherever

EASIEST TO CHOOSE JEWEL CASE color chips sold. paints are at its Youll marvel

loose are in selfhelp slots. Take large—and helpfulness in all

all the colors home you with simplicity—its want. Compare

home furnishings. Makes colorplanning your color planning.

easy, quick, accurate! W. P. Fuller & Co.

DECORATOR WALL COLORS THERE'SDEALERA FULLERNEAR YOUPAINT

Whenever you need a professional painter,

Fuller will be glad to help you.

JULY 1948 465 THE CHURCH MOVES ON (Concluded from page 420) mission, New Zealand, which proved Stake, and the Reno, Nevada, Stake, armed forces of World War I. During to be a homecoming. He reports that which has functioned outside of a welthat mission he served as president the Saints are anxious to have the fare region since its creation several

of the Ngapuhi District. He acted as Church college reestablished in New years ago.

interpreter for President David O. McZealand. The agricultural college was The Southeastern Idaho Region has

Kay, then a member of the Council of opened in 1913 at Korongata, near been dissolved, and the Star Valley the Twelve, when he and the late Hugh Hastings, on North Island, and, at Stake has joined the Eastern Idaho

J. Cannon made a worldwide tour of times, had as many as two hundred Region, and the Bear Lake and Montthe missions of the Church. Maori boys as students. The college pelier stakes have become a part of the

President Young has been active in has been destroyed by fire. Cache Region.

the work of the Church auxiliaries After visiting the Tongan Mission, At the close of 1947, there were 110 wherever he has lived. He was a memthey went to Hawaii, where they visbishops'storehouses functioning in the

ber of the Granite Sunday School ited the Oahu Stake conference, a Church welfare plan. Each storehouse

board several years ago. ward conference, and a conference of served all the way from a ward to a

Mrs. Young and two children will the Central Pacific Mission, as well as complete region.

accompany him to the field of labor. conferring with the authorities of the

The couple have two married daughHawaiian and Central Pacific missions. Radio Series

ters, also. Although he did not visit the JapTDeginning Sunday, July 18, Elder

anese Mission, Elder Cowley reported William E. Berrett, a member of

Elder Cowley that President Edward L. Clissold the general board of the Deseret SunpLDER Matthew Cowley of the sends word that the mission is being day School Union, will begin a series

Council of the Twelve, and presiwell established, and he is awaiting the of radio discourses on the Church radio dent of the Pacific Mission, was in Salt arrival of regularly assigned missionhour over KSL at 9:00 p.m. Elder

Lake City for a short time during aries. Berrett, who will join the faculty of

June, reporting his sixmonths tour of Brigham Young University in Septemthe missions and getting ready to visit Welfare Regions ber, will speak to the general subject:

the remaining island mission, Tahiti, for /Jne Church welfare region has been "What Shall Man Believe?"Music

which he sailed on June 27. divided to form two regions, and will be furnished by Alexander

He and Sister Cowley, who accom- a second region has been dissolved, Schreiner, Tabernacle organist, and by panied him on most of the tour, covand its stakes affiliated with neighbor- a guest soloist.

ered some distances in hours, as they ing welfare regions, Elder Harold B. President J. Reuben Clark, Jr., will

traveled by air, that it took the first Lee of the Council of the Twelve and conclude his popular radio series on missionaries of that area months to managing director of the Church welthis hour, July 11.

travel by sailboat, and later missionfare program, has announced.

aries days and weeks, by steamship. Formed from a portion of the NorthMission Home

During part of the journey he kept in ern California Region is the San FranApproximately four hundred mistouch with the missionaries on Samoa cisco Bay Region, comprising the four sionaries of the Church—the largest

by amateur radio. He acted, for a time, stakes of that area, San Francisco, number ever sent at one time—entered

as president of the Samoan Mission Oakland, Berkeley, and Palo Alto. the missionary home June 21, for their

after President John Q. Adams was reThe Northern California Region premission training. In June 1947,

leased. now includes the Sacramento and Grid287 elders and lady missionaries enHe and Sister Cowley toured the ley stakes, from the old organization, tered the home, which was the largest

Australian Mission, and then their old and the newly organized San Joaquin single class until that time.

MISSIONARIES ENTERING THE MISSIONARY HOME Fourth row: Harold Gale Schwieder, Glen A. ChrisFred Schouten, Lewis Patterson, Bud M. Harrison,

MAY 3, AND DEPARTING MAY 12, 1948 tensen, Ivan J. Henrie, Douglas f. Bolton, Mark A. Glenn W. Hutfaker, Gordon S. Savage, DeWayne W.

Benson, Walton Hunter, Boyd D. Harris, Keith H. Perkins, John H. Windish, Joseph G. Jensen.

first right, left Williams, to Verlyn from row: Joy Reading Burton, D. Wessman, LaRue Anna Norma Jr., Eighth row: Hale, H. Edward Byron WilDon R.Bienz, Nixon, Joyce Warnick, Clark, Johnson Leotha June Howard Wade. son, E. G. Clark, Hipwell, Dee Faulger, David Paul A. B. director; Beecroft, Cotton, Fifth Vivian A. row: Herbert Johnson,Maurine Kyle Thueson, Paul Don S. R. Sorensen, Neil Hartley, Lowell E. Lyle Murdock, A. Robert R. GarthGreen, Joseph Swenson, C. D. Luke, Montgomery, Goodge,, Vern Jean Lee Gordon R. William Hoderlie. Master, K. VanChesley. Jones, Wilde, Farnsworth, G. Frank KenGordon W.

Darrell row: Blake, Easton Ninth Hansen, Lloyd G. E. row: Muir, G. Seamons, Rolf dell Second Leone C. Sainsbury, O. Bailey Maxfield, C. Gerald Gun,

Bennion, Guymon, B. Kenneth Gordon Gregson, Doyle J. Harris, Arthur Phoebe Josephine William Young.J. Jenks,Wold, Wold, Val

S. Tanner, Melvin Joseph Fiett, Bushman, WilliamLapray, Sixth R. R. VaLois Emetine Richard Bybee, Herrick, White, row: Boyd D. H. H. Washburn, Van

Leonard Wilford Beckman, Hunsaker. W. E.Lee, J. Flitton, Wilson. Gilford, Frank Steed, H. Glen Richard Dale Max

Third row: Cornelius Van Ry, Helen Seamons, LeGrqnd E. Day, Eldon S. Paxman, Wesley S. Schow, Tenth row: Thamer Shuler Hite, Heber J. AnderShirley C. Driscall, Elsie W. Carlson, Keith A. CarlCarl E. Morgan, Kenneth B. Soelberg, Darrell D. son, Don Steven Brunt, Elwin T. Christensen, G.

son, Elizabeth Ann Garley, Rose D. Bankhead, Valena Atkinson. Thomas Pace, Lynn J. Larsen, Paul B. Andrus, James

Jones, Harriet L. Jones, James S. Jones. Seventh row: Lavar Clawson, LaMar J. Barlow, A. Crookston, Blane f. Hendricks, Jay W. Kotter.

THE CHURCH IN EUROPE The Record Harvest in Wales {Concluded from page 428) attendance at the Sunday evening {Continued from page 433) under way. The favorable publicity session. This is perhaps the largest Welsh tongue should prevail. Grifgiven the Church during the Utah gathering of Latterday Saints to fith's daughter, Jane Owen, married

centennial year has reached the assemble in the British Isles since Jonathan Coppack, and these were readers of newspapers and magathe turn of the century. At three the fourth greatgrandparents of

zines throughout the world. Persepublic meetings held during missionPresident J. Reuben Clark, Jr. So

cution and criminations belong in wide conference of the Netherlands as we examined these pedigrees of the past. The missionaries are well Mission in Amsterdam the average Robert Vaughan, we remembered

received, and the suspicions and attendance was above one thousand. that every forefather therein was

prejudices of former years are meltMeetings, similarly well attended, likewise a progenitor of President ing away. Large and enthusiastic have been held in Oslo, CopenClark, and that the film copies of

gatherings of Saints and friends in hagen, Stockholm, Helsinki, Basel, these manuscript pedigrees, if made, the various European missions indiand within the past few days, Presiwould be of great interest to many cate the response to the missionary dent James L. Barker of the French families of our Church.

work as at present carried on. Mission reports the holding; of a Passing to other rooms we found

In Berlin recently, more than two meeting at Strasbourg attended by workers unrolling and sorting by thousand people crowded into the four hundred. A like number were parishes huge piles of bishops'tranfamous Staatsoper, built by Hitler present at a public meeting conscripts of parish registers—copies of

before the war, to attend a religious ducted by President Wallace F. births or baptisms and marriages

service conducted by the Latterday Toronto in one of the suburbs of and burials made by the parish minSaints. In Frankfurt, Germany, the Brno, Czechoslovakia. ister annually and sent to his bishop.

only halls available have been filled Surely a new day is dawning for Each record was being classified, to capacity, and in Karlsruhe on a the Church, and a spiritual awakenpressed out flat, and filed away in weekday 362 people turned out in ing is at hand. Out of the terrible order in a box or drawer. There

the afternoon to greet Presidents agony of war and its disconcerting must have been about six hundred to

Stover and Wunderlich and me. At aftermath may come a greater hope, eight hundred of such boxes, each

the missionwide conference of the a deeper faith, and a firmer hold on containing one hundred to one hunBritish Mission held in the city of the everlasting things which shall dred fifty sheets; and there were

Bradford last summer, 1,157 were in not entirely perish from the earth. {Continued on page 468)

when you give a gal GLADE'S <JnA & emcn...

CHOCOLATES

iiii

r CHOCOLAT

GLADE CANDY COMPANY SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

JULY 1948 467 THE RECORD HARVEST IN WALES {Continued from page 467) tricts of Wales, down to the year half backed with a durable sheet, one hundred large bound volumes 1858; which a later itemizing estiand the erstwhile scrap paper was

of them. There were one hundred mated at about 300,000 pages. restored to service as a precious

photostat or handwritten transcripIn the repair rooms were volumes record volume.

tions of original volumes of parish in every stage of rehabilitation. The In his eyes glowed the pride of

registers, for each time a book is aged bookbinder in charge showed accomplishment as he demonstrated sent to the National Library for reus how sometimes the pages of aneach phase of his skilled occupapair or rebinding, a photo copy is cient registers came in torn to bits, tion. "You enjoy this work, don't

made for the library; finally we came and even damp and rolled into a ball you?"I asked. "What pleasure is

to the large rooms filled with wills; of paper pulp. He explained how there in life,"he replied fervently,

wills in large bound volumes, reeach fragment was meticulously "if you cannot take these old fragcorded copies; original wills folded fitted into its proper placement, how ments and make them of use once

and filling row after row and shelf the paper of the original sheet when again?"

after shelf, from all the probate discompleted was split in half and each

Dromptly at 11 a.m. we were

ushered into the office of Sir

William Davies, the librarian. He

received us very graciously, and said that some of their old and valuable manuscript collections had already been filmed by an American ja*NEWHOUSE firm. So he was fully acquainted

with the process and sympathetic with our request, for he prized these records gathered there. The library HOTEL itself had on order a fully modern

microfilm camera, which he sug-... one of the great hotels of the gested we might use in copying

West where gracious hospitality is their records. To obtain official

a tradition, welcomes you. sanctionmit to themhe suggesteda letter thatof werequest,subwhich he would present to his large

Conveniently located in Salt library council of prominent officials.

Lake's downtown shopping disHe himself volunteered to apply in trict... pleasant accommodations ourBodybehalfof the to*Churchthe Representativeof Wales at

... 400 rooms each with private Cardiff for permission for us to film

bath... complete garage facilities the parish registers and transcripts which were the property of the

adjacent. Welsh church. This permission

would also apply to the registers

You'll enjoy eating in the ultrafrom all the churches of Wales to be modern, airconditioned Coffee withinassembledthe atnextthefourNationalor fiveLibraryyears.

Shop... cheerful, efficient service The wills were under the jurisdic-

... excellent catering and banquet tion of the Principal Probate Registry at Somerset House, London, and

facilities. he advised us to seek from them permission to make microfilm copies.

Gratified with the favorable opportunities before us, we signed our

J. HOLMAN WATERS names in Sir William's register

President book, and left with his good wishes.

Prompt action followed, and the applications were duly made and answered.

On July 8, 1947, came this official word from Sir Henry Norbury, senior registrar of the Principal

J. HOLMAN WATERS, W. ROSS SUTTON Probate Registry:

Managers MAIN AT 4th SOUTH ST. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH to IMr.haveJusticesubmittedHodsonyourwholetteris actingof Junefor the25

President in his absence. The judge has

468 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

authorized me to say that he is prepared to That was our signal to commence. This is an excellent beginning,

give authority for the microfilming of the David Gardner was sent from Lonbut of course, just the beginning of original wills pre1858 or therecorded at don to make an itemized inventory a prospective fiveyear program of Librarythe National and the inof Wales dexes thereto on the understanding that the of all desirable records to be filmed. copying.

cost of the project is borne by the GeneaWeekly reports from our operator, logical that of Society and a positive Utah an earnest John F. Leach, and exThe Spoken Word all films wills of thecopy of made of twentyone is proemplary young man

vided for our use without cost to us, as {Concluded from page 446) a missionary as served who for foryou kindly suggest. years, those us and we cherthe during for six months "I tell they love. have you war, show—bothish and

And from the librarian at that he had microfilmed there from not died."1 And surely we can trust

Aberystwyth on July 14th: October 1 to March 1 5, 23,800 feet him who gave us life, to give equal

Your letter which is dated June 25 was of record film, approximately 285,- or greater meaning to'death and to considered by my Council at its meeting on 600 pages of records including the life that extends eternally beJuly 3. After the proposal had been thorabout 18,000 pages of parish regisyond.

oughly discussed, and some members who were uneasy in regard to the risks involved ters of many Welsh parishes. Krdon Johnstone—May 30, 1948.

owing to the inflammable nature of the microfilms had been assured that every care and precaution would be taken, it was finally resolved that the Council give its I blessing to the undertaking, and that the details be left to the Records Subcommit-..tee, which was given power to act. For Missionaries A

Since the library has recently purchased a microfilm camera (the delivery of which I am expecting daily) it seems to me unNEW and EXCLUSIVE Discount Policy!

necessary for you to allocate another machine for the work which is to be done here.

Arrangements can be made for your operIt has been our privilege for the past several years ourator machine, to use the terms and conto supply Church books in ever increasing numbers later.ditions decided to be

I will, as you desire, approach the Repto missionaries in the field. Needless to say, the

resentative Body of the Church of Wales on your behalf for permission to film the steady rise in the cost of living is making it more

Church of Wales records, and will let you know the results. and more difficult for missionaries to build the referWe promptly assured them that ence libraries they want and should have.

all our microfilming was being done on safety film, which was not highly Henceforth, as our contribution to the mission cause, flammable. It will melt slowly if a we are offering our books to FULLTIME MISSIONit, to attachedmatch is but when the that this is

is is ARIES AT A 25% DISCOUNT. We know the smoldering removedmatch

immediately extinguished. a generous discount, but realize too, that present

Just a few days before my decosts have, in many cases, been the cause of many parture from England came the following letters, enabling the filming missionaries having inadequate libraries which imthere to begin on October 1 pair their missionary effort.

From Sir William L. Davies, September 29: We trust that you will exercise this discount priviletter herewith a of a which copy I send lege and build the just L. received from Mr.I have S. Whitehead, secretary and treasurer of the RepreChurch library you

sentative Body of the Church in Wales,

Cardiff. have wanted.

Included in the latter communication was this paragraph:

I have now been able to give careful condidHereBookcraftare just atitlesiew ofwethesuggestsplen1186 South Main sideration application to the of the Geneafor your library: MARVIN WALLIN, Manager of oflogical Society Jesus the Church

of of Saints ofChrist Latterday the in view and It Concern Temples Most High To May Whom

The Quest Reconciliations Evidences and letter of 19the contents your of August Shadows and Mansions His Many last the of the of of decision the Council and and Interpretations SunlightMan Dragon Gospel the Library, I, on behalf of the RepresentaTheseRestorationAmazingof AllMormonsThings TheThe GospelVision Through the Ages tive Body, give consent subject to such Story Teller's Scrapbook Joseph Smith, ProphetStatesman terms and conditions as you (being the Thumbnail Sketches of Mormonism America Before Columbus custodian of the documents) think fit to imDiscoursesAssorted Gemsof Wilfordof PricelessWoodruffValue FamilyGospel EternalKingdom pose. Signs of Our Times Way to Perfection

With kind regards, Their's Is the Kingdom L. D. S. Scriptures

Yours sincerely And many others equally outstanding.

L. S. Whitehead

JULY 1948 469 The Need of the World:

Real Protection Super (ConcludedMen from page 429) portant, for it provides the rationale for better living, but spirituality,, since it supplies the major drive, is even more essential. Too many people today are taking their religion

passively, indifferently; and too

many others are going through the motions of worship without feeling the spiritual urge or using it to magnify their lives. Too many are

living on the fringe of real religion.

Too many are slipping into a state of spiritual atrophy.

There is a pulse for bigger things throbbing through the Church that some but dimly feel, if at all. Each

can reach these higher things if he will but keep close enough to the divine to call forth the latent powers within himself. Each person can be

a superman if he will but grab hold of the bootstraps of his soul and pull. He will not travel through

physical space, but travel he will, and the heights to which he will soar and the spiritual lift he will feel can leave him no doubt about the power that is his. And then, but not until

Favorite motor then,tially tocanthemanpeacecontributeof a bettersubstanworld.

il of intermountain motorists for nearly half Tyee the Valiant a century. (Continued from page 435)

at your /\s the weeks slipped past the spring into summer, merged OIL REFINING CO. and \ UTAH Indian not prevail could on Powers

STATION OR DEALER to part with the cub.

* * **************** agreed,"Sure "buthe's ahe'snuisance,"an amusingthe cruiserone.

You leave him alone."

Once Tyee realized that Powers did not intend to harm him, his first distrust changed to friendliness.

While the cruiser and the Indian were away during the day, he would roam about the clearing and the nearby woods, immensely interTHE IMPROVEMENT ERA ested in everything from empty tin cans to butterflies, seemingly content

Subscriptions are $2.50 per year to be alone. But as the shadows

lengthened, he would invariably reThe new subscription price to The Improvement turn to the creek mouth and when

Era is $2.50 per year. the canoe appeared, he would be

waiting with bright, eager eyes, to welcome them.

It is still one of the biggest magazine values One night, while the full moon obtainable. flooded the lake with its disturbing

magic, Tyee came out of his shed growling. From a point far down

the lake there came the discordant 470 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA clamor of many dogs, huskies, andmongrels that had been left to forage NO PARKING PROBLEMS WHEN YOU for themselves or starve the Inby DRIWE HIGH! INIO HOTEB. UT/IHdians deserted was whose village

while they visited their summer hunting grounds.

For the young bear, there was something challenging in the sound.

The fur on his back and shoulders rose, and not until the last of those harsh voices had died in the vast silence of the night did he lie down again.

But in the morning he was waiting for Powers, impudent and droll as ever. "Didn't like that howling, eh?

Heard you moving around,"the cruiser greeted, as with towel over his shoulder he went down to the beach to wash. "They see a lot

more mealtimes than meals, those dogs. If ever they range up this

way, you better tree or they won't be enough of you left to wad a shotMO-TOURISTS and local motorists have no parking worries when gun."they go to the Hotel Utah, because you drive right into the Hotel

Tyee capered heedlessly ahead, Utah's unsurpassed Motor Entrance where courteous attendants throwing his hindquarters ridicuparkFrom yourthe carMotorcarefullyEntrancein theyou200carwalktwo-storydirectly undergroundinto the Hotelgarage.Utah

lously high at each short bound. He lobby. Next time you come to the Hotel Utah, use the convenient

scampered toward a small hemlock, Hotel Utah Motor Entrance.

climbed a yard from the ground and first impishlypeered from at Powers HOTELGUY TOOMBES, ManagingUTAHDirectorone side of the trunk then the from other. This was his invitation to

play, to have the man rush at him, buffet him with his old felt hat while CAREFULLY SELECTED LIST OFhe either shadow boxed or climbed in burlesqued terror to some perch which Powers could not reach. "Too busy for a roughhouse this Instrumental Church Music

cruiser themorning,"evaded, flipORGAN FOLIOS atping his towel the cub as he passed the tree. "Got to do a lot today. Chapel Voluntaries No. 1, $.75

We're heading for the Outside toDevotional Organ Album (Asper) 2.00

morrow. After that you'll have to FortyThreeLorenz OrganOrganAlbumsOffertoriesVols. Nos. 2, 3. 4 each 1.50.85

rustle for yourself."Lorenz Organ Album Vol. No. 5 1.60

Lorenz Preludes For Worship 85

Lorenz Folio of One Page Voluntaries 85 /\fter breakfast Powers NinetyThree Short Solos.. 2.00

gave Tyee the head of a large char Organ Melodies (Landon) 1.50

which he had caught off the creek ReedPopularOrganChurchPlayerOrgan Pieces.7590

mouth the evening before. Holding Sacred Hour At The Organ, 1.50

1 2.00 Vol. Voluntaries No. Organit against the ground with his paws, Schreiner's

the young bear crunched and tore Thompsons Hymn Meditations No. 1 2.00.85

with noisy relish, and soon afterThompsons Hymn Meditations No. 2.85

, 85ward the two men departed for their Twenty Organ Marches last day's work in this valley. (Send for separate list of Piano Folios)

of to listed 10 will glad mail on any Try books days approval. above be We leave. to the first Powers was Tyee oi needs, musical as stock Church, large your School, and Us for carry a thewe

... all of kinds materials Teaching fishdocile the appeased and head by

trudged down to the beach and watched while the dugout was launched and headed across the lake in the late September sunlight. ReKit- idly to theturning cabin he met

rifle Daqnes1 4'47 StrUtliMusicMolt* Co. out, of in the crooklobe coming

his arm, ready for the trail. SALT LAKE CITY 1. UTAH

(Continued on page 472) JULY 1948 471 TYEE THE VALIANT {Continued from page 471) eaten they would ruthlessly loot this

Moved by surly impulse, the Inunprotected cabin. Food, leather,

dian brought the rifle to his shoulder moccasins, whatever their powerfulJhSL and sighted along it, aiming at a jaws could tear, in half an hour all point just under the cub's chin. His the cruiser's outfit would be wrecked.

finger lay lightly on the trigger while Tyee lay low. He seemed to knowDESERET Tyee eyed him indifferently. There these vandals had cornered him.

was a hint of hostility in the Indian's Then the nose of the foremost dog attitude, then with a grunt he turned found him. It growled, and slowly,NEWS away. For the present the orders of inch by inch, Tyee stood up, his

the big white man must be carried black head thrust defiantly forward, out. Soon he would be his own his to the bare angry, back his eyesPRESS again. master all later wall. logs of the second A

Kitlobe started down the lake three thieves were leaping and snapshore to collect the tools he had been ping at him.

told to bring in. And as his mind In their frenzy to loot the unCOMMERCIAL year'sdwelt withmeetingsatisfactionwith the oncub,hishe nextforlowedguardedhimcabinto escape.they mightBut TyeehavewasalAND EDITION thegot door—thethat he haddoorneglectedwhich wasto latchthe betrayedness whichby hadthe madesame aggressivehis mother

only barrier between their perilouscharge the man who had shot at her. PRINTERS AND ly small grub supply and any So now, when the gaunt head of the

left shot out, struck him across the eyes BOOK BINDERS marauder.For an hour after he had been first dog flashed at him, Tyee's paw

alone, Tyee made snuffling exploraand then in one scrambling leap the

PAPER RULING tions behind the woodshed, licked cub left the bunk and gained the the cedar shake on which the char table top, only to be sent headlong had been cleaned, expended much as the table was overturned by the effort to climb to the flat top of a Indian dogs'massed rush.

high stump only to slither immediIn an instant they were over him in ately down its other side, and then a snarling wave, but he shook free wandered purposelessly back to the and before he had regained his feet, rrofe55ionaI cabin. The savage clamor of the Inhe whirled and smote the leading atdian dogs had cost him part of his tacker a lightning blow on the side

and Social night's rest. He looked about for a of the neck. Every ounce of Tyee's

place to sleep, and, seeing the door strength was behind that swing, and swinging slowly in the freshening the dog's head struck the stove with

Jtatiuonenv lake breeze, he entered, circled the sickening impact. Dazed, it tried

low walled room and at last hoisted gamely to fight on, only to be felled himself into Power's bunk and by a paw which crashed down on

it, left of its the small back and floor. the 29 RICHARDS STREET stillcurledheldupsomein theofworntheirblanketsowner'swhichboditwitching broken, on and

ly warmth. Tyee pawed them until

the with anger, v>razed - PHONE 4 5521 theto hisrumpledliking. foldsFivemademinutesa bedlatermorehe leader of abanthe pack recklessly

was sound asleep. doned his inand-out tactics and

The sun swung higher, the block hurled himself at Tyee's undefended of sunlight in the open doorway shoulders, his fangs ripping deep inshortened, and at last Tyee stirred to the flesh. Tyee reared up, clawLimmiiiuiiiiiiiiniomimiiioiiiiiiimicjiimu: uneasily and lifted his head in the ing vainly for him with his forepaws,

shadows at the back end of the bunk. while the third dog, a noisy coward, OffER lean flanked Siwash WE dog was A out, nipping savagely dodged in and = COMPLETE A= craftily into edging the room. Anat bear's haunches. the young SERVICE == ENGRAVING

other, shoulMissionary Portraits its head and powerful to the free, struggled but to shake Tyee Largest—u FromCatalogues—inside ders already the room, Mail the leader's Orders Given teeth time Prompt was each Attention went= 5

UTAH ENGRAVING CO. making a crouching advance, and a deeper. Then as he shook free, the

S 113 Regent St. Salt Lake City, Utah third, hidden at first, was moving tobig dog's hindquarters whipped

7llimillIE3llllllllllll[2llllllllllll[3ll||||[|||||C]IIIIII ward the stove behind which, on around within reach of his mouth, open shelves, the cruiser's few reand Tyee's jaws crunched, to leave maining pounds of grub were stored. a leg dangling. Frenzied by the pain,

Tyee did not stir. The hungerthe dog leaped clear trying on three

II- E maddened strays from the village legs to face gamely the black fury.

White 1ParachuteNylon for slips,Oblouses. Five

parachute panels (10 sq. yds.) $4.95. had not yet discovered him. In their Tyee charged, and the cravenCLARK'S, 1211 B St., San Mateo, California search for anything that could be hearted mongrel fled for the sunshine

472 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA outside. The leader, his bodywedged between the back of the

stove and the wall, stood his groundwith desperate courage. Then a SPOILERS OF THE SOIL

human form darkened the doorway,

Those deeprooted noxious weeds canand Kitlobe, panting from his long run along the shore after rememberbe successfully combatted with ing about the unfastened latch, stood surveying in alarm the disordered room. CARBON As he ran to examine the untouched store of food, Tyee, stillhalfcrazed by the fight, whirled to BISULPHIDE

face him, but this time the rifle was That decidedly different weed killer. Not

not leveled, and as the Indian turned }<** a spray, not a powder but a liquid chemfrom the shelves, a look of awed ical which kills weed plants at the roots comprehension showed on his stolid when injected into the soil.

face. Gases diffused are 2V2 times heavier than

air; they disseminate both sidewise and

downward and kill soil insects as well as /\n hour later when Powweeds. Do not wait for failure of other

ers came back, and Kitlobe Joe had herbicides—use this material and get the

related what he had seen, he was job done with a single application.

still unmoved by what the cruiser reSend for our new circular 212P which tellsgarded as Tyee's courage. For the

all.

Indian there had come out of that shadowy but very real world of. native totems and taboos a revelation WHEELER, REYNOLDS & STAUFFER

of some superhuman plan. Some Division of Stauffer Chemical Company

great being had ruled that the young of the bear who had slain his brother 636 CALIFORNIA STREET SAN FRANCISCO 8 was to defend the food supply without which their long trip to the OutDistributors: WASATCH CHEMICAL CO., Salt Lake City and Branches

side would be fraught with bitter hardship and perhaps with death.

Yes, it had all been decreed.

"I think more better we stay here one more day,"Kitlobe suggestedwith quiet earnestness. Powers, halfPlanning a Business Career?

comprehending, agreed.

Next morning Kitlobe went alone JhsL p/uaL 1A, ihtfwuqk* hjuMn&AA. biaimnq

with his ax and chopped an entrance Skill in stenography, accounting, machine calculation, or into the base of a hollow cedar near the clearing. He lined the hole with other office work, has market value. It opens the way to

moss, and that afternoon went across profitable business and civil service employment.

the lake to return at sundown with The Fall Term begins Tuesday, September 6. Plan to be

the canoe halffilled with spent among those registering for intensive, practical training.

salmon from a spawning stream on Information about courses, tuition, employment service, the opposite shore. He carried them homes for outof-town students, etc., will be gladly furnished

across the clearing and left them on request.

near the den he had prepared.

Special rates for returned missionaries

At dawn, the high prowed dugout headed up the lake through the

still of mist thewisps lying over water. it go. did L.D.S. BUSINESS COLLEGE Tyee watched He

not know that he was never to see 70 North Main Salt Lake City Tel. 3-2765

these two men again; he did not

know of Kitlobe's longing to> appease the brooding Northland. And so

when the canoe was hidden from him, he turned and shuffled across THE IMPROVEMENT ERA the sand and over the bleached drift- a lifeline in time of needwood to where Kitlobe's feast of peace was waiting close beside the 12 issues $2.50

mosslined den.

JULY 1948 473 I VISIT THE NAVAJOS {Continued from page 437) on another skin, the wife of the man a short distance away, had stopped busily carded wool. Behind her was

to watch the performance. When a homemade cupboard consisting ofBalanced the limb broke, the Navajos behalf a dozen wooden boxes stacked

trayed their surprise by the customon end. Against the far wall were

ary grunt, 'a-yah.'"oldlooking trunks. Over everything

"Then the chief got off his horse, was sprinkled the ageless dust of Education and walked over to Seth Tanner. the desert. This served to blend the

He took hold of Tanner's arm and colors of the various articles of furCombining Character felt the rippling muscles. Then he niture and the furnishings generally

floor, the with the which was of him Hahsteen-shush."Development with called earth. bucket, disapwater The does that mean?"I asked. "What

Technical Training pointingly one of galvanized iron, "Mister Bear,"he explained with stood full of water on the floor by a chuckle. the door. This had been carried by IS AVAILABLE AT

one of the women the half mile beAway off in the morning sunlight, tween the hogan and the windmill.

interesthogan was intensely The (JSriaham Ujtovma heapsweofcoulda groupsee theof hogans.rounded Someearth ing. walls to see clay thought I had

off distance the to right stood inside. the eroded the and mud on No

windmill. It looked of steel tower a clay In a circle about was visible.

a little odd to see this sign of civilififteen feet in diameter the builder univerdit zation in such a lonely, wild place, had planted juniper posts so close

You will find what you need among but Martin told us that the governtogether that no dirt sifted through.

the offerings of more than 50 department had placed these at intervals These rose to a height of about four their can so the Indians stock water feet, then the sloping and onehalf in thements Colleges of Applied up. the holes water dry when six poles, juniper roof began. TheScience, Arts Sciences, and Com-

"Let's go over there,"Martin adinches in diameter and about six merce, Education, Fine Arts, or in vised; "that's a very good example feet long, are fitted in such a manner

the Graduate School. of a hogan, and I know those peothat each one rests snugly on the two

ple."We turned into a dim road below. Imagine shingles six feet

Registration for the Autumn Quaracross the valley, skirted the windlong and made of sixinch poles and ter begins September 27. Freshman mill and its accompanying water you have the idea.

Orientation and Personnel Tests trough, and drove half a mile to the One can understand how dirt can three hogans. of There were

piled roof to give the house them, be on thewill be given September 24 and 25. east. to the the door of each These

its the bowllike appearance from doors of lumber, about were it sift five outside, yet not have and Write of the for your copy feet tall. like looked hogans The

194849 to below. the Catalog through into The room

inverted mixing bowls covered with roof of the hogan in which I stood clay, with the doors fitted against commenced at the walls about four one side of each. Just as we apand onehalf feet from the floor, BRIGHAM YOUNG proached, the door opened, and a

us. Martin UNIVERSITY Navajo woman faced and finished at the hole in the roof, about nine feet above. This roof was Bushman shook her hand and said PROVO. UTAH a solid corrugation of tightfitting

something to her. She smiled and juniper, tight and snuglooking and

went back into the hogan, and he giving off the pleasant aromatic followed her in, motioning for us to odor of the wood. It was like living

follow. in an inlaid cedar chest so far as the

In the center of the room was a odor was concerned.

Skilled Hands small, twohole iron stove, with its

Mean Higher Pay pipefoot squaredisappearinghole in throughthe centertheoftwothe roof. On the side opposite the door,

reclining on a sheepskin for a bed, *J\eep Ujour J4ead covered with a lavender cotton get along with can a "You blanket, the the of master was training Quish baa leg, get cannot but you wooden to thoudividends paid sixty house, a about Navajo man sands. reStudents head. In along with a wooden left of age. the years stood ceive training intensive an To brain that kept order your be may supervision of under iron dirty lay cot- a on bed which experts..Enroll, anytime. fit clear keep your must body you SEND FREE OR CATALOG ton mattress. the sat a bed On if well* cannot be done That and

K t- SCHOOL OF brighteyed twoyear-old child, atone drinks liquor/*

CULTURE BEAUTY 338 SOUTH MAIN tended by his mother, a woman of—Dr Charles Mayo,

about thirty. On the right, sitting Mayo Clinic

474 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "\\7hile we were satisfying our it is pliable; then by hand, using a

curiosity as to the construction homemade spinning "stick,"the of the hogan, a young woman enpiece is whirled into a loosely tered from one of the other hogans. twisted yarn. Then she sat down at

She could understand a little Engher loom on which was a partly lish, and we were able to talk to her. completed small blanket. The warp

was held in a frame, the strings up,1 admired some silver shell ornastick inserted at aments on the dress of the baby and and down. A

wanted to buy a few as souvenirs. right angle to the warp held the

I asked about the price and was told strings apart. The yarn was laid

it would be five cents each. I proat the apex of the "V"thus made

duced thirty cents for six. The and pounded tightly against the apex with a wooden comb. Thenmother calmly cut six off the baby's

dress and gave them to me. I started the stick was changed, and the

strings at the front became theto remonstrate, but Martin told me strings at the rear and vice versa,that she'd get more and replace after which another yarn was inthem.

serted, and the process was re-

I wanted to see how moccasins versed. It was slow work, but we

were made and asked if I might see were surprised that she did not pass one. Obligingly Martin stooped the yarn in and out around the

over and unceremoniously pulled off strings but made the loom perform one of the moccasins of. our host. that for her.

The moccasin was a work of art; try

as I might I could not see the stitches which held it together. "\\7e visited, next, the corral which

When she saw my interest, Mrs. contained about eighteen sheep

Navajo produced a partly finished of varying breeds. The three wommoccasin, got out her awl and a en and children (now swelled to

length of sinew, and showed me eight in number), followed us out.

how she did it. It looked easy, but While we stood talking, a little

the ease was because of long pracsix-yearold girl ran into the corral, tice. The sinew was most engagand immediately a halfgrown lamb

ing. As a boy I read in Ernest ran up to her and showed signs of

Thompson Seton's book, Two great affection. The little girl

Little Savages, how the Indians dropped to her knees and claspedtook the sinew which ran along the the lamb about the neck, rubbing RELIABLE MAN backbone of larger animals ( such as her face in the soft wool behind the buffalo and horses) dried it, and ears and down the side of the lamb'sused it for thread. This piece was face. The little creature returned WANTEDIn many Western cities, we have a

about two feet long and looked for caress for caress. splendid opportunity for a man who is

like of driedall a strip world the inclined 4 mechanically I took a look to go. turned We fish in a can one buyNorwegian qualified to estimate on wall and silent and stood women The jobs floor covering off I a back. tried to stripfish market.

sandstone the eternal as motionless interested easily off a I split quitethread. oi his ownin withoperatingminimuma businessinvestchildren distance. in the buttes The ment 20, two as as fine No.thread about

still at us from out peered bashfully stiff. qualifications these meeting old have Men very Thefeet long and

their folds of voluminous the behind built successful businesses, genuinely thread the took up, reachedman coast. to coast specialize They on corral the from skirts, the in but mothers'

it his in mouth put hand, isfrom only the wall Chromite CHROMITE. my her lamb, little her girl with played tile of in zinc sheets continuous made it rolled it pliable,until and was

It skirt is colors. bright, red with apon enamel baked bodice purple and palm. his using his thigh,along plied unique, tested simple method, a by light gray the to contrast a pleasing for it years, than 25 guaranteed more and back smiled handed he andThen the sheep and the surrounding of to loose. or leak never come white say, "There, to asas much distant the of long, blue shadows If feel qualify, and can you would you is thread."that is a thread aman, appreciate seeing complete bathroom hills.

it I but it tried to break was. jobs kitchen performedAnd modernizing and

could not. Then the woman took I have seen dignity; I have seen by Chromite dealers,

the thread and sewed around about poverty, but never before have I Phone, -wire or write three inches of the moccasin sole seen such quiet dignity and pride in W. C. MARTIN

and a an artistwith was it. She povertystrick- of the the demeanor Sales Co. Chromite order. highest of thecraftsman 23 Fremont St., San Francisco to say, en. "You robbed They seem

We asked to see the process of us of our land; you have stolen our Phone Sutter 1-3836 or Sutter 1-6647

weaving. The young woman took game; but you can't take away our DEALERSHIPS AVAILABLE

us to the next hogan and showed us manhood, our pride, our dignity, for in certain territories in Utah, California franexclusive with Washington, and of virgin piecethe method. whole we to install organized chise to concerns A

specialties. modernization

until ple."with wire cards is cardedwool are Dineh—the men, the peo- I

JULY 1948 475 THE RETIRING PRESIDENCY

(Concluded from page 430) her father, John H. Taylor, a memchoir leader she was given a silver ber of the Y.M.M.I.A. general

cup for her efficiency. She also board, and later called to the First

worked as counselor in the Primary Council of the Seventy, and her

Association and as teacher in the mother, Rachel Grant Taylor, who

Religion Class. Following her served altogether for twentyseven

graduation from the Latterday years on the Y.W.M.I.A. general

Saint University, she studied nursboard, were called to head the ing under Dr. Margaret S. Roberts. Northern States Mission, Lucy acShe was a guide on Temple Block, companied them. For two years she

where she met J. Percy Goddard, served in the office as her father's

whom she married in the Salt Lake secretary. She later acted as a reguTemple, and became the mother of lar missionary throughout Indiana

four children, two boys and two and Wisconsin.

of girls, three have served on whom It was during her stay in Chicago for In using milk for cooking and missions the Church.

baking you'll be amazed to that she met Waldo M. Andersen,

discover how much money Following her marriage she beof Logan, Utah, whom she married save you by using Morning came active in her new ward where in 1926 in the Salt Lake Temple.

Milk. the cost of 5 Compare

tall cans of Morning Milk she served as Gleaner teacher and They have one son, who has gone with 4 quarts of bottled milk. as Relief Society leader in theology. into the same mission field in which

Smoothrich Morning Milk is Sister Goddard's work in the Relief his grandparents and parents not only economical, it gives Society culminated in a pageant served. Shortly after the Andersens

you best results in all your called the "Gospel Dispensation."established themselves in Salt Lake

recipes. She was also in the presidency of City, Sister Andersen was called to

the ward Y.W.M.I.A., and for the the stake board of the Y.W.M.I.A.,

Economical, SmoothRich Mutual she wrote and directed first as Lion House representative

called to serve as president of leader. She was called to the genMORNING wasmany ward shows. In 1935, she and later as Bee Hive and Gleaner

MILK theDuringLibertythis timeStakeshe alsoY.W.M.I.A.acted as eralDecemberboard 1937,of theandY.W.M.I.A.was appointedin

leader of the Women's Division in to the Bee Hive committee, later bethe Sunday School in her ward and ing named its chairman, which posias chairman of the Brighton Girls'tion she held until she was called to in 1947 Utah produced 7,- Home. She was called to the posithe general presidency of the organ450.000 of ounces silver. Under

present producers laws are tion of second counselor when Sisization. In addition to her Mutual per ounce, paid 90.5 cents

-while statutory price the for ter Cannon became president, and work she has been a regular misis minting ounce. $1.29 an

Had Utah's 1947 production upon the release of Sister Helen sionary on Temple Square.

all into coinage, turned been Williams Sister 1944, in July Godthe government have would general board The was released 37.5 cents or ounce, an made first in counselor dard became the state's profit $2,783,750 the on the with at the general presidency silver output. presidency.

April conference. The general

'ucy Taylor Andersen was apboard released is constituted of:

Ethel S. Anderson, Minnie E. Anpointed to the general presiderson, Norma P. Anderson, Alicedency as second counselor to Sister

Ball, Cannon July 5, 1944, when Helen beth W. Ashby, Marjorie Clarissa A. Beesley, Emily H. BenSpencer Williams as released was nett, Hazel B. Bowen, Carol H.

a ill health.. result of Sister AnderCannon, Leora C. Cropper, Virginia

sen, like the other members of the F. Cutler, lone Duncan, Ruth H.

presidency, began her Church activFunk, Irene Hailes, Gladys E. Harity in her youth, for she was only bertson, Polly R, Hardy, Winnifred

thirteen when she became a teacher C. Jardine, Freda Jensen, Katie C.

METAL MINING INDUSTRY OF UTAH in the Sunday School. From that Jensen, Marba C. Josephson, Ann

time until the present she has been C. Larson, Helena W. Larson, Floactive in the various organizations rence B. Pinnock, Lillian SchwendiHOTEL LANKERSHIM of the Church. man, Erma R. Stevens, Sarah D.

7th 4 BROADWAY While she was attending the UniSummerhays, Bertha K. Tingey,

MODERATE RATESin Los Headquarters L D. Anueles versity of Utah, she acted as partMarie Waldram, Margaret N. Operator R. WISH0N. FRANKS.

RAY H. BECKETT. Manager time secretary to her grandfather, Wells, Vella H. Wetzel, Virginia

LOS ANGELES 'TWO PERSONS ONE CHARGE"Heber J. Grant, then president of Wigginton, Erda Williams, and

the Council of the Twelve. When Sara D. Yates.

476 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA THE NEWIY APPOINTED PRESIDENCY

(Continued from page 431) of the Latterday A graduate A STORY OF ANCIENT AMERICA offices ingeneral Salt Lake, tending Saints University early evishe to the duties of her calling; the other denced rare qualities that placed her % II

willcounselors take the turns reclass, the scholars of top among her OTHER SHEEPmaining realizes days. one When for her prized a and Heber won J.

is This book reverent, a exbutthat general the presidency serves for scholarship. Grant award She citing story, similar in to purposewithout remuneration whatever, any to her began demonstrate unusual

it Vadis""Quo "Ben and Hur"as isthis really contribution a greater gift for writing, after which, graddeals with the events connected realize,than calls people many and uation the University from of Utah, the visit with Savior's to the Amerifor much sacrifice on the part of the carried her into the advertising can continent.

new presidency—even as it did on field, where she might have gone "Other Sheep"confirms the findthe part of the former presidency. to the top, if she had not decided ings of archaeologists, that the earIn addition, Sister Reeder and her on marriage and motherhood inly inhabitants had a Quorum of 12

Apostles; of the a knowledge Cross, will calledcounselors be conupon stead. Sister Bennett has And Baptism the Lord's and Supper;stantly their give to of time, talents, a career of made wifehood and like temples Solomon's; worand the in to the peoplesand energies motherhood. married to She was shiped "Great a White God"whovarious stakes, wards and branches in the Harold H. Bennett Salt Lake came among them established and

and missions. There will be many Temple, and they are the parents of a great civilization.

blessings that come from this work eight children-—four boys and four This book will create a greater—they will constitute the remuneragirls. Two sons recently left for the desire to read the Book of Mormon,

tion for the hours of diligent, praymission field, one for the California and makes a suitable gift for any erfultions—whichlabor. Therewill helpwill paybe satisfacfor the Mission,Mission, boththe otherof themfor enteringthe Britishthe occasion.Price $1.00 plus sales tax

sacrifice of duties home and many mission home on the same date, June all Sold at Utah bookand Idaho socialpleasurable friends hours with 21, 1,948. stores or mailed prepaid by ones. lovedand

Sister Bennett maintains a wellSo while we congratulate Sister organized home where her children THE PYRAMID PRESS

Reeder, Sister Bennett, and Sister Salt So. East 2nd City Lake 2, Utah feel free to where 609 entertain—and Lost "The for Days""Other let us and Sheep"bothLongden, that also remember of the guests Bennetts appreciate $3.00.

likethey, all the former presidencies of the will Y.W.M.I.A., make many thewheneasytheyhospitalitymeet in thattheir awaitshome themor in 30&

personal sacrifices in order to help the large back yard with the beautibetter the conditions among the ful canyon stream running through GREYHOUND young women of the Church. it. Day and night there is welcome"pMiLY Higgs Bennett, newly apat the Bennett home. TOURS

pointed by the First Presidency The entire family attends to its Amazing America tours inas first counselor to Sister Reeder, religious duty. John, who is now clude transportation, hotels,

is one who has learned the value of serving in the California Mission, sightseeing... for indithings through her own diligence. was in the Mutual presidency this viduals or groups.

Orphaned of her father, Jesse B. past season. And the others likewise

Higgs, while she was yet young, are busy in the Church.

Sister Bennett, with her three sisSister Bennett served in the presiSOUTHERN ters and brother, was encouraged dency of the Tenth Ward Y.W. CALIFORNIA $ 53.80

and sustained by their valiant moth- M.I.A. and has taught Gleaner and

er, Emily Hillam Higgs, who was Junior classes in the Mutual. She alPACIFIC COAST....$ 73.10

for twentyone years herself a memso was president of the Primary of ber of the general board of the the Twentieth Ward. Following her

Y.W.M.I.A. When Sister Bennett marriage she and Harold spent a NEW YORK CITY....$118.35

was old enough, she too began to year in England where her husband share in the responsibility of the was studying music and where their PACIFIC financial end of the household, as eldest son was born. An insight into

she had early shared in the domesthe character of Sister Bennett can NORTHWEST $ 69.75

tic duties. Her generosity is well be gained from the fact that after

known and her thoughtfulness of she began earning money she HISTORIC EAST $164.20

family and friends proverbial. She studied piano. Although she insists (Add transportation tax)

and her husband, Harold H. Benthat she is not a musician, she is an

nett, have done many good deeds accomplished accompanist, frequentFor FREE FOLDERS, visit or wrtttt ly for playing her husband, are not generally whosewhich known, rich voice has several enhanced presGREYHOUND stateaccept literally thesince they ment of the Master: "But when entations of The Messiah, and who TRAVEL BUREAU

thou doest alms, let not thy left has contributed greatly to the musiWest Temple South Temple Streets hand know what thy right hand cal culture of the community. Phone 4-3646 Salt Lake City

doeth t"(Matt. 6:3.) (Concluded on page 478)

JULY 1948 477 THE NEWIY APPOINTED PRESIDENCY {Concluded from page 477} years. It was while she was serving literary culture of the community

Sister Bennett has served on the as stake president of Highland through her popular play and book general board of the Y.W.M.I.A. Stake that the Gleaner Girls of that reviews. She has been in constant

for the past ten and a half years. stake bound their Gleaner sheaf demand among civic, literary cirShe has served on the Junior and the first Salt Lake City stake in the cles, and among Mutual groups. ReGleaner committees, becoming chairChurch to achieve this distinction. It cently she has also been social sciman of the Junior committee. is typical of Sister Longden that she ence teacher in the Stratford Ward

It is a happy experience to be takes little credit for this achieveRelief Society. She has been active

around the Bennetts: their love for ment, saying that it was the people in the Girls'Committee, encourageach other is so deep, and their joy under her who achieved. Yet anying the young women in her stake to

in their family is so great. Yet each one who knows her understands that attend to their religious duties that

person in the family is an individualit is her exceptional leadership that they might further increase their the Bennett encouraged those who worked with capacity for joyful living.ist—a rare tribute to

family life that has made such deher to attain the high goals they did. She, too, has been busy assisting

velopment possible. Brother Bennett Sister Longden also feels a sinher husband, John Longden, in his

is general manager of the Z.C.M.I. cere debt of gratitude and respect work, for he has been active in the

as well as being on the high council for those who have preceded her in community and the Church, having of Bonneville Stake and a member the positions to which she has sucbeen bishop of the Nineteenth of the Church auditing committee. ceeded. She appreciates that each Ward for five years, and a member

group makes its own particular conof the high council of Highland and

J aRue Carr Longden, daughter tribution to the work and that the Salt Lake stakes. He was coordinaof Alex E. Carr, and the late success of succeeding officers is built tor for the service men for the L.D.S.

Caroline Edward Carr, has been apupon the achievement of the precedChurch during the war and is the pointed second counselor in the ing. manager of the Westinghouse Elecgeneral presidency of the Y.W. In her positions in the various tric Supply Company. They lost

M.I.A. by the First Presidency. Y.W.M.I.A. activities she has been their first child who would have

She has always been active in the kept exceptionally busy in writing been twentythree had she lived,

Church, having been appointed secand directing skits, roadshows, and and are the parents of two living retary to the Sunday School stake plays. Twice her oneact plays have daughters, Gail, eighteen, and

board when she was only sixteen. won prizes—and she herself was too Sharon, twelve.

Prior to her marriage and for a short modest to submit them until others Sister Longden's earnest desire is time afterward she was ward presiinsisted on her doing so. One play to be a good wife and mother and

dent of the Y.W.M.I.A. in the was titled "Flanders'Field"which keep close, as she said, "to the loveNineteenth Ward—acting in this won first place in the Ladies'Literly daughters of Zion."

capacity for four years. She was on ary Club contest; her oneact play

in one place third "Secrets"won Salt Lake of board the Y.W.M.I.A. conboard appointed newly of HThe incontests and was the I. A. M. also. Stake P. sists Anderson, of: Norma

1 Sketches, in the 934 Revue cluded six for about served also She Cannon, Bridge, Carol H. Pearl MerryRoadshows, Designed the of for stake board the on years Hailes, Irene Cutler, F. Virginia EntertainOther and GoRounds, adviser. as Gleaner Stake Highland C. Harbertson, E. Marba Gladys ments. called to activity she this was From Helena Ruth Josephson, H. Funk, Sister years ten past the For the for president stake Y.W. the be

M.I. A. of Highland Stake. She held Longden has done a tremendous W. Larson, Jeannette Morrell,

this position for four and a half amount of good in adding to the Gladys D. Wight, Sara D. Yates.

EVIDENCES AND RECONCILIATIONS

(Concluded from page 449) Smith. But the value of the various nonessential, in the program and

However, there are practices study courses provided by the difpractices of the Church.

within the Church of less fundaferent Church organizations may Those who confuse the two are mental nature. with propriety be discussed by all. either immature, perhaps honest

faultfinders, truth, or after seekers preferably shall tithing in Whether meetgather Saints must The the Church. of enemies perhaps is cash, a quesin in or kind paid be is command- a divine ings. That susSaints Latterday who But circumexisting meetings on dependent tion the of time the ment. But willing leaders, are their always tain

disis to lawful It subject stances. the of is Church the people set by beregulations, debatable try out to

upon the recommendation of the cussion. fore passing judgment on them, and

sustained leaders. There may in Every openeyed Latterday then report their objections, if any,

many cases be a justifiable differSaint, who refuses to accept things to the proper Church officers.

ence of opinion as to the best time. blindly, will distinguish clearly beLatter-day Saints should not and

The Saints must study and learn. tween the fundamental and the do not accept Church doctrine

That is in the revelations to Joseph derivative, the essential and the blindly.—/. A. W.

478 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA...

]ontk With

You'll Love CHURCH"PUBLICATIONS

It, Too!

The Deseret News... The Relief Society Magazine.. This hotel business gives

rT/ze Deseret News, which May 16 HT/ze Relief Society Magazine for usin ourthegreatesthot pleasuresummer

it! love We publishing a began We sevenday features that months. July many things relief on the to see lovepaper, has added many new features should of interest prove and value of faces new the weary

in the past few months. to women. The lead article is "The arriyals when they step

comfortof our into one interesting to Most Church memBattalion"of the Mormon Women - conditioned able isbers, however, the expanded to see former President love by rooms. Brown Amy airWe

in our section, soChurch includes happy them which now Lyman. "Here Comes the Parade"

Coffee refreshing cool,twenty pages weekly. The is well twenty by Grace A. Woodbury love our Shop. Wepages carry news and pictures from timed for the month of July as are tel's summer comfort.hoall parts of the Church. It is sec- "The Seventh Handcart Company"You'll love it, tool

tionalized. For instance, there is a by Anna S. D. Johnson and "Flowsection for mission news, a page for er Arrangements"by Vesta P. Hotel Temple

the Melchizedek Priesthood, anCrawford. "Principles and Laws

other for the Aaronic Priesthood, a Governing Good Music"by FlorSquare column for genealogy, and pages ence J. Madsen should help parents Clarence L. West, Mgr.

for the auxiliaries. In addition, there and teachers.

are several new features. One of The lesson material for the 1948these is a weekly picture from the 49 season commences in the July isold scrapbook, for which cash prizes sue with a preview of the courses toare awarded. gether with notes on the authors of

In addition to the enlarged the lessons. The editorial is parHE.

Church section, the Deseret News ticularly provocative: "Thrift as a mmmcarries features and news of interest Way of Life"by Vesta P. Crawto the entire family. ford. The regular features, including the usual beautiful poetry, are

The Instructor.. included in the July issue. JULY 1948 ADVERTISERS

HThe Instructor for July highlights Beneficial Life Insurance Company Mormon pioneering—but of a The Children's Friend.. Back cover

little different variety from the usual Bookcraft Company 469

Brigham University 474 YoungJuly fare—"Latterday Saint Colo- '"Vhe Children's Friend for July is Carroll F. 472 Clark

nization in Mexico"by Thomas C. replete with patriotic features as Chromite Sales Corporation 475

Romney, and "Latterday Saint Setwell as Pioneer day features that Continental Oil Company 461 tlement in Canada,"by C. Frank should be pleasing to both parents DeseretDaynes MusicBook CompanyCompany 471421

Steele are continued. The cover of and children. In addition a new Deseret News Press 472

the magazine is a picture of Jennette serial, "Pepper"—What a Horse! Fels & Company 451

Evans McKay, the mother of both by Louise Price Bell commences in GladeW. P. CandyFuller CompanyCompany 465467

President David O. McKay of the the July issue. Hall's Remedy 453

First Presidency, and Elder Thomas Some of the patriotic features inInterstateHotel UtahBrick Company 471

E. McKay, Assistant to the Council clude "The Cost of Freedom,"part Inside back cover

of the Twelve, and there is a bioof a radio dramatization presented Kolob Corporation 475 graphical sketch of this mother in over The Children's Friend of the LankershimL.D.S. BusinessHotelCollege 476473

Israel written by Jeannette McKay Air during the Freedom Train Mario Packing Corporation 452

Morrell. Week; "Lafayette and the Sentry,"M.C.P. Pectin Company 453

And have you seen the bibliogand "July, the Month of Patriotic MorningMetal MiningMilk Industry of Utah.....476476

raphy on the Church and its teachHolidays"by Jennie A. Russ; Mountain Fuel Supply Company

ings that is now appearing in the "Long May It Wave,"the story of Inside front cover issues of this magazine? True, it has the flag that inspired the writing of OliverNewhouseCompanyHotel 468463

been selected for Sunday School the national anthem, by Esther E. Overland Greyhound Lines 477

Biscuit Purity 417 Company helps,teaching but

Press 477 Pyramid isSchool program so School Beauty 474 thevaried—enSunday Lincoln;Ethel E. "TheHickok;Americanand "ArmyEagle"Inby Quish

compassing the cradle roll to the signia"by Nellie Tucker Segree. Royal Baking Company 453

Pacific Southern Railroad 420 Square Hotelgospel doctrine departments—that Pioneer day features include "Old Templefew questions concerned with everyBlindeye, the Good Ox"by Marie Utah Engraving Company 479472

day religion will be unanswered in Larsen and "Prairie Friends"by Utah Oil Refining Company 470 this bibliography before many Elvira Pennell, and true pioneer WesternVan CampWaxedSea FoodPaperCompany.....422448

months roll by. stories. Wheeler, Reynolds & Stauffer,..,.....473

JULY 1948 479 &UX

"Speak the Speech"T)robably no surer index of character exists than the corADDRESSES OF L.D.S. SERVICEMEN'S HOMES

* rectness of the language we use. The pronunciation of 1104 24th St., Cor. 24th 6 "C,"San Diega, Calif.

words correctly is an indication of our care and usually car1836 Alice St., Oakland, Calif.

Calif. St., Marysville, "F"further our 615 to items other than ries over shows language—and Beretania St., Honolulu, T.H. So. 1594 in desire the matter of speech. right even word that to do One

is used a great deal and that rightly belongs to a religious people is the word sacrifice. The pronunciation of this word Naval Station Services

is It is identical with verb. for both sak pronounced and noun following the to note S. asked are servicemen L. D. in this as syllable add; the the pronounced accent a on and

i is ri the information: the in or i sound charity; as the with fiz—but p.m. in at 8 held Friday are each services S. "L. D.

in in the as cases /. C, both fisword same ice.—M. Station, St., Norfolk 28th Hall, Naval Frazier 245 West

-- Norfolk, Virginia."

At Sea, February 2, 1948 Dear Editors: Wandering Coat

While writing you, to give you my new address, I like to tell you that The Improvement Era is a splendid edited chuckled at reading the story of Mrs. Eliza Crabb of and illustrated magazine. WeLehi, Utah, in our daily paper:

From the first time I saw and read it, I was delighted. That Sister Crabb spent an afternoon at a Relief Society workwas in a German P.O.W. camp while I was investigating the shop meeting in the Lehi Second Ward, where the project

gospel, preached to me by an elder of the Church. I'm very that day was the preparation of rags for rag rugs. Late that

thankful God sent his elder my way. afternoon after the job was done, she promised to return in

Till now, while I'm serving in the Navy, I appreciate it several days to help make the rugs which would be sold at very much, and it gives me a very good feeling to see every- a ward bazaar. But she couldn't find her coat anywhere in

body, member or not, taking it with pleasure. Especially I the ward building. She finally went home without it. That

liked the Centennial number and the numbers containing the night she returned with her husband and he found a button addresses of the Church Authorities during conference. from her coat in the building. The search for the coat was

May we be able to help to make all children of our Heavengiven up.

ly Father subscribers of your fine magazine is my very wish. And then Sister Crabb made a discovery as she sat at the

Sincerely yours, loom at the next Relief Society work session. Those rags

J. C. Humphrey Poolman, looked familiar indeed. She remembered laying her coat

Lieut. (E) R. Neth. Navy near the rag pile on that first day, and....

Batavia (Java) Oh, yes, Sister Crabb is now wearing a new coat to Relief

Society meetings. She bought it. She also has the old coat,

-<$>- too. She bought the rug at the bazaar.

Burt Oliphant, author of the following letter, informs us that he has been presenting a fifteenminute radio show "Vinylite Vignettes,"featuring semipopular and semiclassical music in which one of his brief comments is read daily.

Insufficient Evidence

Sunday School teacher: "Danny, would you like to live

during the Millennium when 'the lion shall lie down with the lamb'?"is It the lion that don't I don't say know. "Well, Danny: TROOP 181, DALLAS, TEXAS

it don't too, also say people where and to lie going down with

Led by Elder Lenard B. Allen of Seattle, Washington, Elder Mollis D. the lamb is—on the outside, or on the inside."

Smith of Smithfield, Utah, and Brother Don Williams of Dallas, and with the cooperation of C. C. Booth, and Roy Fraim Pool, Jr., these young citi- --

zens world aretoday—hardswiftly puttingwork andintorightpracticethinking.those principles so needed in the Dear Editors: Toledo 5, Ohio

am a Latterday Saint girl fifteen years of age. I would

I like to write and tell you how much I enjoy reading The

Improvement Era.

I am trying to learn as much as I can about the religion.

The most enlightening articles I have read came from the

Era. Many times, here in the Toledo Branch, I have been

called upon to give talks in church. I usually read such interesting articles in the Era I can't help repeating them to everyone.

Sincerely, (signed) Barbara Sturgill

Atlanta, Georgia February 2, 1948 Dear Editors:

can say I have greatly enjoyed reading this wonderful

I magazine, as have several of my friends. I gave one of

my collectors a copy and he was very interested. I had a

PHOENIX THIRD WARD EAGLE SCOUTS merdaughterand fall,in Gradyand I Hospitaltook herherethe aboutmagazines.nine weeksShe readlast themsumEight Eagle Scouts from the Phoenix Third Ward, and their scoutmaster, and passed them to other patients and they greatly enjoyed

Council, Petty, of America. Scouts Brother Roosevelt Troop Paul Boy 38,

assistant left scoutmaster; are: Whipple, to right, The names, Vance Layne them. Respectfully, Nelson, Beebe, Black, Curtis Jansen, Walser, James David Donald Norman

Jansen, Thomas Brashers, and Paul Petty, scoutmaster. Mrs. J. Ernie Owens

480 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

WMflHUK

iS3BKw* Wiililiif..

for * P,ace osP,s ot Ld beCO u been

. mPer\sWab\e, a \aers

c ye0rS* Arcn- Y <.,fcch leaders,leaders,te ChurchO*"*: \ecommendmmend

1 C

.v>;fc|3

if Up

*.**"*""K nrrlirisly TIT HB II! fflffl ft

jHxf9*—

.SliS LAND OF THE FREE... for how long?

Freedom lasts an hour -- or it lasts an

eon - - according to the lives of those w its benefits. So long as

men are guided by its fundamental

principles, they can be free.

Rl:f!l

:. -:::

"'v.;.: -!!;

SilBStP