SPECIAL IN THIS ISSUE:

A 32 PAGE FULLCOLOR SECTION Signs of the True Church

The Improvement Era November 1965

Reading is a FAMILY AFFAIR for the

ARDEN RONEYS of Santa Monica, California.

"We have found the American Incentive to Read Program an outstanding Family Home Evening aid. It has become

an important part of our weekly family project. Every

member of our group benefits from this excellent program

t> because, 'READING IS A SKILL...NOT AN AGEV

presenting

'Each week brings improvement in basic reading and spelling skills YOU ARE INVITED TO MAKE SURE! for our schoolagers—Rick - 12, Kirk - 11, Nedra - 10, Mark - 9,

the provide necessary AIR will Blake - 7 and Derek - 5. Even our preschooler Brooke - 3, takes an

tools for testing reading the ability of your children. You active interest in the AIR program and is developing a real enthucan administer the test in the siasm for learning to read.

of your privacy home with own 'We sincerely recommend the American Incentive to Read Proof help the phonograph a LP record. You mail the completed gram to all families who seek after things that are praiseworthy

test Testing Headquarto AIR and of good report."

itters Angeles, in Los where will be professionally scored and evaluated. The results will

be returned to you so you can know for sure how your child stands in this important subThe AMERICAN INCENTIVE TO isject. obligano cost or There a real meets program READ

tion to whatsoever you for for a simple, need growing this and review! Send your request to straightforward method and inthe LDS Advisor, American teresting materials to improve

Incentive to Read, 2015 West reading skill or aid the slow or

Olympic Boulevard, Los Angeproblem reader. Through a comles, California 90006. Please bination of audiovisual lessons

state number of tests desired, based on the facts of linguistics your Ward, Stake and Church (phonics) the AIR student of any position. age learns to read with fluency

and pleasure.

The AIR lessons unfold through printed text correlated with a series of extended play recordings. Suggestions for helping the student are placed

conveniently beside the lessons in a looseleaf binder.

For information write LDS Advisor

2015 West Olympic Boulevard Los Angeles, California 90006

Let the

!-rjjj Gi ad Boy

our next party!

Choice of 2 great values... each $1.00 and a U and I Sugar label

Jumbo (12"x 15W) extra heavy You canwithdressa beautifulup your nexttieredfestivecake occasionusing these wearwer COOKIE SHEET MIRRO PARTY CAKE PANS with FREE U and I Sugar Gingerbread offer popular we've ever Most premium gingerbread Girl) pattern, (or andBoy

. request... repeated Four at your made decorating recipesfrosting and colorful

suggestions. pans in most wantor ed sizes, as shown.

and U I Party Cake Pans P.O. BoxI Sugar"A"Cookie Seattle,SheetWashingtonOffer 98109 U and

P.O. Box 500, Manitowoc, Wisconsin

Check choice:

I Mirro Party Cake Pans. 1 Jumbo 12 x 15 l/z"Wearever cookie sheet and GingerPlease send me the U and

bread Boy Pattern. Enclose $1.00 and U & I label Enclose $1.00 and U & I label

[] 2 Jumbo 12 x 15 V6"Wearever cookie sheets and Gingerbread Boy pattern, plus free nylon spatula (will not Name scratch aluminum). Enclose $2.00 and U & I label

Name Please Print Street or RFD

Street or RFD City State Zip Code

City State Zip Code OfferPrice expiressubject Decemberto change 31,without1966. notice.Please Offerallow croodthreeonlyto fourin theweeksU.S.A.,for anddelivery.void

Price subject to change without notice. Offer good only in U.S.A. (except where in any territory where prohibited. PLEASE SEND THIS FORM WITH YOUR

prohibited). Please allowr three to four weeks for delivery. Offer expires Dec. 31, ORDER.

1966. PLEASE SEND THIS FORM WITH YOUR ORDER. IE-U IE11

Look for these offers on back of U and I Sugar "Special Offer"bags now at your grocers

NOVEMBER 1965 937 The Improvement Era The Voice of the Church

Official organ of the Priesthood

Quorums, Mutual Improvement Associations, Home Teaching, Music

Committee, Department of Education, and other agencies of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints

Contents for November 1965 Volume 68, ISumber 11

ART AND PHOTO CREDITS

Church Features

1056 978, 944, 954, Art: Ed Maryon Editor's Page: Ourselves Unspotted, KeepingThe

Art: Nagata Ted

President Art: Trevor David Southey., 960 964966 O. McKay

Your Question: Significance of Temporal and Spiritual Law, 972970 Art:Art: JaNeanneDouglas JohnsonAllen

President Joseph Fielding Smith 962 974980, Art:1022,Michael1027 Art:GravesPhyllis and

Signs of the True Church Warren Luch

Revelation, Doyle L. Green 982 960,960 Photo:964 Lettering:Ted CannonMaurice Scanlon

Lorin Photo: Wiggins Authority, Becki Davis 988 963

Photo: 1018 Max Tharpe

Organization, Carter E. Grant 993 1041 Photos: Spencer J. Kinard

First Principles and Ordinances, Albert L. Xobell, Jr 998

Spiritual Gifts, Donna Higgins 1003

Fruits of Religion, Marba C. Josephson 1008

The Church Moves On, 950; Melchizedek Priesthood: An Open Letter from a Father, 1018;

Presiding Bishopric's Page, 1020.

Special Features

A Sure Trumpet Sound, Harold B. Lee 964

Genealogy: The Zabriskie Family in the Church, George Olin Zabriskie 966

Our Years with Marba, Helena W. Larson 968

Teaching: Let's Plan Our Lessons, Kenneth W. Godfrey 972

Since Cumorah, The Bible, the Scrolls, and the Book of Mormon:

A Problem of Three Bibles, Hugh Nibley 974

Give Us This Day, Joy Lamoreaux Frei 978

What Do You Do During Intermission? Margaret Maxioell 980

The Spoken Word from Temple Square, Richard L. Evans 958, 1038, 1040

But the Back Door Is Wide Open, Ruth C. Ikerman 1036

Letters and Reports, 942; These Times: The War in South Viet Nam: New Strategies,

G. Homer Durham, 944; Exploring the Universe, Franklin S. Harris, Jr., 954.

The Era of Youth 1041 The Last Word 1056 Family and Home Features Today's Family: Florence B. Pinnock, Editor

Thanksgiving Quiz 1022 Home, Sweet Home 1026 Things Will Be Different, Betty G. Spencer 1027

Stories, Poetry Happiness Is a Red Toboggan, Mary Ek Knotoles 970

Poetry 956, 958, 976, 977, 1027, 1039

The Improvement Era Offices, 79 South State, Salt Lake City, Utah 84111 cover the Editors; Richard O. and L. C. Green, AssociateDavid Managing Doyle Editor; McKay Marba Josephson, Managing L. Zobell, Albert

Editor;Research Editorial Associates; Davis, Becki E. Grant, Carter Darold Marlowe,Editor; Florence Today's Pinnock, L. Evans,Donna Editor; Family MarionJr.,

Editor; Editor; Hanks, Art AssociateD. Youth Era Youth Direction: Elaine Higcins,Cannon, The Era The Studio. ReynoldsB. of of Ralph This month's cover, and all of the

G. Homer Durham, Franklin S. Harris, Jr., Hugh Nibley, Sidney B. Sperry. Alma A. Gardiner, Contributing Editors. art work in the special section

G. Smith, Carlos

Director; Thayer Evans,Jr., GeneralAdvertisingManager;Director.Florence S. Jacobsen, Associate General Manager; Verl F. Scott, Business Manager; A. Glen Snarr, Subscription "Theare bySignsArtistof Edwardthe TrueVebell.Church,"

for especially were drawn They

Superintendent, Association of Saints. ofGeneral Christ Mutual of Latterday Improvement Church Young published Mens 1965, Jesus and The Mutual by the Pavilion of the "Mormon"Associations of Christ of of LatterdayImprovement Church rights The All reserved. Jesus price, Subscription in subscrip- $3.00 multiple a year, advance; York Fair World's theNewtions, years, 3 2 years, $8.25; year, succeeding $5.75; each $2.50 to price. a year three the year addedSaints.

are permission. used and by at Office, SaltEntered the as Post City, secondclass for Lake matter. Utah rate at special of Acceptance mailing postage act provided 1103, for in section

of October 1917, authorized 2, 1918. July

The Era Improvement a word and must be accompaniedis not responsibleby sufficientfor unsolicitedpostage formanuscriptsdelivery andbutreturn.welcomes contributions. Manuscripts are paid for on acceptance at the rate of 2c

days'noticeThirty changes cannot be madeis requiredunless thefor oldchangeaddressof asaddress.well as Whenthe neworderingone is included.a change, please include address slip from a recent issue of the magazine. Address Coverby DeseretlithographedNews Pressin full color

936 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA BflDDTWTQ! AND REVISIONS OF IMPORTANT

lUJl III 1 1 1 LATTERDAY SAINT CLASSICS

Now you can own beautifully reprinted and updated versions ofmany of the finest works of theology and history ever published by

Latterday Saint writers. These titles are presently available—but hurry and get your copies.

Commentary

PEARL

of GREAT PRICE

I COMPREHENSIVE HISTORY OF THE CHURCH THE GOSPEL AND MANS RELATIONSHIP TO DEITY

Student Edition, Size 6x9, Volumes 1 & 2 $4.50 each $3.25

Here is the detailed progress of the Church in all the color and by Brigham H. Roberts

excitement early the the of days of Restoration. magnificent and A the its of greatest Church's scholars, respected One and lasting treatment history of Church turn to that you will time and historian, this still it is masterpiece penned years ago many most—but again for time information and enlightenment. Should in every be vital as vivid explanation and an as of ever the Gospel has purpose in the Church. home written. reprint. been A classic

ANCIENT APOSTLES $2.95 COMMENTARY ON THE PEARL OF GREAT PRICE

by David O. McKay $5.00

A delightful and rewarding book that enriches you with our by Reynolds and Sjodahl personalities sketches of those Prophet's of the lives and magnificent reference outstanding work by two scholars who who were A the first apostles. to understand should be more qualified Who put literally years of researchand this testimoniesinto glowing

these has himself great than motivated been an one what men who outstanding the is volume. read to conTo suddenly Commentary be

will all after the those Lord. This of sought Apostle be book by fronted with imports meanings hitherto and have which escaped

earliest set treasure great lives of us the the those examples who who the learning the extracts, of youbut authors examines, judges, life! true the Christian of then passes true the onto of sections to you meaning of this many

sacred volume of scripture.

KEY TO THEOLOGY $2.25

by Parley P. Pratt

A scintillating gem in the field of Gospel literature. A century has (FOR MAIL ORDERS USE

passed since this book was first published, yet its poetic elegance and doctrinal insight still has the power to thrill and uplift us. HANDY COUPON 2nd PAGE OVER)

NOVEMBER 1965 939 OUR MORAL CHALLENGE $2.95 by Mark E. Petersen

Dedicated to the purity of youth, TO BUILD Apostle Petersen's newest book is a frank, series of discussions open to designed fortify against A FINE tteseret the evils MORAf

LDS Book'M P A N Y offorthefactsday.and"Thereno enemyis no substitutelike ignoCHALLENGE

masterly presentation of sex and it is really LIBRARY whatrance,"writes the author in his sensifor, and deals bly with the many other problems troubling LDS youth.

i 1 YOUR

LIBERALISM, CONSERV 10 AMERICAN RELIGIONS 11

ATISM AND MORMONISM AND THE RISE $1.95 Libmlwi, OF MORMONISM Amafiesfi

by Hyrum L. A ndrus by Milton V. Backman, Jr. $3.95

The Restored Gospel as the "true Coasemiisi i A comprehensive word picture of *4 Hi* plan for acheving social justice the religious era in which the RestKtMtf without infringing upon man's ored Gospel emerged in the early freedom and dignity"is described 19th century. Traces the origins

and compared with the principles and beliefs of the major Christian of modern liberalism and conserdenominations in the New World, vatism, emphasizing that the documenting their transition from

Latterday Saints have the real key an era of colonial state churches to to the riddle of social justice for all. the current condition of complete

religious freedom and pluralism.

14 15 THE SACRAMENT OF THE SAINT AND SAVAGE LORD'S SUPPER $3.95 $2.75

by Helen B. Gibbons by A Ian P. Johnson

An exciting work by a talented and | A skillfully written and carefully

The of the develaccount writer. Sister scholarly Gibbons

its the... all of of the documentedopment this Sacrament in captures story of the i! SACRAMENT LORD'S SUPPER color meaning purpose. and the missionary of and majesty and New

work among the Lamanites. An interesting facts concerning the

inspiring story, beautifully told, history of the Sacrament, as origworthy of a place in your library. inally practised and as it degenerated into the rituals of the apostate

churches.

17 18 THE E.L. "DICK"ROMNEY

STORY A CONVERTS TRIBUTE $2.95 by F. E. Schluter $1.50

An autobiography that will fascDavid O. McKay's exemplary life

inate yougive you rare insight into was the turning point in this conan unusual personality. version, beautifully and inspiringly

told by the author.

940 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA..

MEET THE MORMONS

L. Doyleby Green and 2 95

L.Randall Green

An excitingly beautiful pictorial introduction to the Church and its people. A big 8V2"x 1 1"in size

220 magnificent illustrations, 139 in full color. The result of the coop-

eration of numerous Church agencies and auxiliaries, photographers and artists. Tells the story of the

Church and the Gospel... a

perfect gift for friends and investigators. A marvellous help for

missionaries.

DISCOURSES OF THE

PROPHET JOSEPH SMITH TENDER APPLES Wm $3.95 $3.95

(Enlarged and revised edition) by Ora Pate Stewart by A Ima P. Burton In a class by itself, a happy and up-

A stimulatingand beautiful addition lifting new novel by a muchloved to every LDS home library, greatly "Mormon"writer. Mrs. Stewart

enlarged and completely revised. provides warmth and understandHere are the very words of the ing in large measure as her tale

Prophet Joseph on subjects of vital unfolds, unforgettably expressed importance, both spiritual and in a prose style peculiar to herself is both penetrating and colortemporal. that will inthat A classic

ful. struct, enlighten, and delight!

THAT THEY MIGHT KNOW 12 THIS AGE OF CONFUSION 13 $1.95THEE

by Frances Carter Yost $3.50

by R. Dyer Ahin

a skilled of story the penFrom authoritative analysis and A crisp teller this delightful book. comes

Using her skill in prose and poetry, of the religious confusion that bethe author brings to life the warm, set Christianity. The pristine purity

intimate, Biblical experiences that of the Restored Gospel gleams help the reader draw closer to the brightly when compared with the

Savior and those whom the Mastarnished image of fallen faiths. A

ter taught. Though fictional it covaluable addition to any worthrelates with factual information. while library.

fc$%j'4?&\ 16 AARONIC PRIESTHOOD THROUGH THE CENTURIES $3.95 TO BUILD

by Lee A. Palmer Everyone should be aware of the A FINE

origin of the lesser priesthood, of its origin, growth, and development LDS...and of its decline and resurgence

to its ideal authority. present An LIBRARY

gift for Aaronic young men of the

Priesthood.

DESERET BOOK COMPANY MAIL THIS COUPON NOW!

44 East South Temple, Salt Lake City, Utah

Please send me the following books for my growing LDS Library.

(Please circle) 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 (Items 1 thru 5 back 2 pages) tte*eretCOMPANY Book I enclose a money order bill me,1 have an account.

44 EAST SO. TEMPLE AT AND COTTONWOOD MALL Money order or check total $, including sales tax where applicable SALT CITY LAKE

2472 WASHINGTON BLVD., OODEN

777 SO. MAIN ST., ORANGE, CALIFORNIA

Name.

Residents of Utah Address please add 3 [/i% sales tax Residents of California please add 4% City.. State Zip. Ell65

NOVEMBER 1965 sales taxCaliforniawhen orderingstore! through 941

Letters and Reports

ENGLISH COUPLE

WINS MIA AWARDS The Golden Gleaner and Master M Man awards are rare achievements all over the

United States, And this is even more true in England, where London Stake's first two of these awards were given recently to George and Ann Allan, who are the young married leaders in the Epsom

Ward. The couple was honored at the

Epsom Gold and Green Ball.

..LUUaME|tti*t""""',* HIJLJ* i&wsIt **f"1! i I RTJn* |m? *"%$ Vl&ks I k

gfi. 'v -xm

Savings grow faster at TAUGHT"HOW TOINTEACH"CHINESE

The Church offers the same kinds of opportunities to its members around the.,

world. For instance, in Taiwan eleven

young Chinese members have learned leadership skills through the teacher training program from which they recently STATE! graduated. Members of the Tai Chung

are class training first teacher Branch's You'll be head and miselders, two lady two pictured with Five year Savi rigs Growth at Various Rates shoulders above the sionaries, and branch first counselor

Cook, an American Air Force Lloyd faster rest with savings sergeant.

Rate $100.00 $500.00 $1,000.00 $5,000.00 at growth STATE.

The rate is 3>/a% 118.94 594.72 1,189.44 5,947.22

4% 121.89 609.49 1,218.99 6,094.97

4'/2% 124.92 624.60 1,249.20 6,246.01

1 4 3/4% 126.45 632.27 1,264.55 6,322.79 1

current rate on INSURED 3/4 SAVINGS 4 Home office:

56 So. Main, Salt Lake City

Hawaiian Division Main Office:

King & Bishop Streets AND LOAN ASSOCIATION INSURED

Honolulu, Hawaii

942 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

n 1. \ / j Join LDS Books Club NOW and receive your copy of "0 FAITH WORKS by Mark E.

ftPetersen for only 994

(a $3.50 value)

3 Books Ciub members are building i libraries of fine Church books, thereby making available to themselves and their families the choicest reading

EASTER SEAL CHILD material to help strengthen their testiIS CHURCH MEMBER monies and faith. We invite you to

eEaster Seal Child for 1965 in Indiana join and share in this economical is eightyear-old Steven Roy Crawford, a librarybuilding program.

member of the Logansport Branch of the 300KCKAFT L.D.S. books are excellent for ChristmasChurch.

Steven's parents, the Richard Lee giving.

Crawfords, with Steve and his brother and two sisters have traveled extensively 'throughout Indiana for programs, teleGood reading builds good lives vision appearances, and meetings with such dignitaries as US Senator Birch

Bayh and Indiana Governor Matthew E.

to publicize the work in an effortWelsh

Seal Society.of the Easter LDS Books Club, Inc.

P.O. Box 400 Salt Lake City, Utah 84110

1165 Please send me as my first selection the following checked books for which I enclose a check or money order for $ plus 99c for my bonus book FAITH WORKS.

Abundant Life Brown What Doth It Profit, Sill Messages of the First $3.95 Presidency, Clark $3.50 P

Vol. I $4.50 History of

Bigger Than Yourself, Ashton A J*L- F W*"*"':: IIP'*"theComprehensive Church, Roberts Vol. II $4.50

Vol. I $4.50 $3.25

II $4.50 P Vol.

Enroll me as a member and send me the monthly reviews. I hereby agree to purchase a minimum

of 4 Books Club selections or alternates during the next 12 months at the regular advertised price.

I may resign at any time after buying four books, For each 4 books I accept, I will receive a valuable bonus book free—a savings of 20%.

IE

ADDRESS

CITY...;...STATE..ZIP.

(Good only in the U.S. and Canada) (Offer expires Jan. 31, 1966)

NOVEMBER 196S 943 Far The War..sighted. in

South Viet Nam: New Strategies

THESE TIMES

By Dr. G. Homer Durham

President, Arizona State University, Tempe

On Wednesday, July 28, 1965, reported some disquieting things

President Lyndon B. Johnson anfor one of the nation's most re20/20 nounced that the calls by Selective sponsible business organs to circuSendee to the armed forces of the late among the nation's mostsavings United States were to be doubled, influential readers.

Look forward to the perfect way to save enlistments "steppedup,"in a miliMr. Murphy's report highlighted

—the perfect place to save—State Mutual tary buildup. Next day it was rethe following points:

Savings and Loan Association. ported that the active military 1. Considerable opinion exists

earn more than wouldmen, to bea totalincreasedof 3 millionby 330,000men. amongern PacificwesternpowersPacificthat "theand Amerisouth-

... Julyactive1, duty1965, numberedUS armed 2,613,861.forces on cansChina mustis the stopreal enemy.Mao,"that Red4.85% "distressed and was 2. He were to 50,000 Immediately, men current our 4.85% when 4.97% Earn managethe American shocked by bringing sent to Viet Nam, daily and be rate is compounded annual

maintained a year. State Mutual has US forces there to 125,000. After ment of what has become a large

never missed an interest payment since twenty years of fighting, South and costly war,"the longest "losing our founding in 1889-a 77year perfect Viet Nam forces were exhausted. war"that Americans have been ensafety record. Daily interest is paid Rather than continue technical adgaged in since independence—and

when funds are held through end of vice, American ground forces were "with the end nowhere in sight."

of withdrawal to date when quarter, and 3. Eisenhower's President In over.""take to about Assets six or more. months remain funds aid military year, presidential last Douglas General MacArthur's or million. postmarked Funds $325 over to $65 million Viet South was Nam ever get bogged "Don't advice, interest 10 earn by received November

from the 1st. down in a land war in Asia,"apper year, with 773 officers and men

President Before Johninvolved. considered. to have been peared us soon. in on Look announced, son's buildup was July going troops were ground The US coupon. Mail this plus 75,000 the 773 become had nevertheless.

There are issues of communism 27.000 fliers and sailors of "Carrier

versus the free world in Viet Nam, Task Force 77 of the SeventhState of Red China versus the United Fleet."The costs have become $2.2

States, of nationalism versus the billion per year. This includes an

vanished shadows of colonialism. estimated $300 million "to keepMutual There is also the problem of exthe Saigon government afloat and

pensive, supermilitary technology to pay the bureaucracy."

guerrilla SavingsAND LOAN ASSOCIATION versus an enemy that cannot be 4. The communist

Dept. 516 415 W. Fifth Street seen. forces are more than 100 battalions

Los Angeles, California 90013 How do you fight guerrillas in—"the lightest kind of infantry."

the or my "It OPEN Please is time that for Said Murphy, n ADD TO Q weapons with super insured jungles in below. name(s) account stopped in the Pentagon E-ring targets? are no visible which there is enclosed. for or M.O. check $ My

Send further savings information. This is one of the practical issues kidding the troops, and that the

facing General Westmoreland and rest of us stopped kidding ourto send It selves. no sense makes troops. American Name(s) 125,000

the... into soldiers foot American for August magazine In Fortune

Street 1965. Editor Charles J. V. Murphy (Continued on page 946)

City State Zip No.

uSocial Security or I.D. No..

944 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.,

radio of 12 states reaching In 90 counties, home... 50,000 watts of power

600,000 homes... from our home to your home!

DIRECT DIRECT

FROM ROME FROM VIET NAM gregarious Lawson, Steve Warm, on... keep informed Viet Nam with

recently host of "Crossroads"

. this.. correspondents KSL exclusive

daily direct reports sent from

Cornielus Dave and Norm Woodruff

Italy, after presenting Rome, and reporting wartorn that direct from the keys of Salt Lake to Rome's embittered Asian hot spot!

honorable Mayor.

TOTAL NEWS

... business NEWS, sports NEWS... Henry Silva, Don Murray, Abbey

farm NEWS... of local, regiona Dalton were recently "interviewed

national and international sco'pe on location"in Kanab, Utah, for... instantaneous reports... in Universal International's twohour

cooperation with CBS and their color television spectacular, "The top news network. Plainsman"... typical of Hal

Peterson's imaginative "Weekend."

43 years of young, energetic broadcasting..

... from KSL's home to your home... 24 hours of broadcasting to suit

your every mood... the early morning sunshine mood... then a day

full of entertainment, information... relaxation and titillating tidbits.. the warm glow of a fireplace with delightful conversation... are all for TlSlhome of radio

your home on Mountain America's home town of radio, KSL. Dial 1160

Broadcast House, Salt Lake City, Utah

NOVEMBER 1965 945 "Teamwork"buys this new These Times Wurlitzer organ (Continued from page 944) for your church rain forests and the rice paddies territorial integrity of China."If

... to grapple with a foe whom Russia can be further detached tothey cannot distinguish by face or wards the West, as seems not imtongue from the same racial stock possible, can judicious American

whom they seek to defend."In his policy toward China soften the

opinion, new military techniques bitterness of its leadership toward evidently challenge US leadership. us while at once allowing them no

If the question of how to cope misgivings as to the forthright inwith North Viet Nam is separable tent this people has of preserving from the question of how to cope the integrity of its free brothers?

with Red China, the problem reTomorrow, as yesterday, the anmains difficult. If the major quesswers to ideological issues will have

tion is Red China, as Editor to be found in unusual political

Murphy and many others suggest, skills. Chinese and American apthen it seems that one basic fact proaches are widely different. The

must be remembered and a new Chinese played chess long before strategy devised. the West. Our game of checkers,

The basic fact to remember is with its direct moves and objecthat the Korean War went fairly tives, typifies a mental attitude which problemsolving until towards for the USUN forcesget the unique, practical well dealserve well in the intervened. Then China may not always Red

war became costlier and more biting with the Orient. Diverse, subtle

ter, a war which Red China really moves of various chessmen, in- "off the ORGAN "won"in the end. The US and cluding moves completely

forces backed by Chinese power board"so to speak, will probably still face each other across the 38th be required. If 125,000 American FUND parallel in an armed truce. troops and the guerrillas of the

What of new strategies, assuming Viet Cong are the pawns, where RAISING that costly military technology in are the knights, the rooks, the

South Viet Nam is like trying to bishops? What are their moves? PLAN kill gnats with a machine gun? On the board? Off?

Editor Murphy, after his review More than chessmen are needed.

from Wurlitzer and visit, suggested "the deliberate, The task calls for diplomatic and progressive destruction of North political skills of the highest order

A proven, "painless"procedure to Viet Nam... plants, the railroads, on many fronts. Would we be in

raise funds. Every member shares the electric power systems, the better position had we invested as

ownership... contributions pay for ports...."Would this cause Ho much in studying the problems and

of plan organ. partsspecific the The as in scientific of mankind, cultures probsurrender? to No, is Chi Minh

easily toflexible, adapted be can and since 1945? weaponry, "his but says not, Murphy, ably conparticular choice and organyour

is of understanding our Where for mischief"be might capacity dealer Wurlitzer organ gregation. Your

can give you all the details, reduced—and this might help, proman, his nature, origin, his rich

vided such attacks would not bring varieties, his destiny, to match our is Ho Kit includes China into the war. knowledge of physics? Who Realism requires the assumption Chi Minh? Why does the Viet

Progress charts that continued US pressure, unless Cone fight for twenty years in their paralleled by other discreet moves, jungle? Do we need some instiPledge cards will bring China into the war, as tutes of human understanding,

Pledge envelopes happened in Korea. Now Red with faculties, equipment, and

China probably has a hydrogen financial support equal to those of Payments chart bomb. While Russia's concern for technology? Who will study Adam,

her cities and cultural development his family, and their difficulties, as

See your Wurlitzer organ dealer probably functions as a deterrent well as the atom in these times? Is

or send coupon to Russian use of the bomb, the there a shortage of plowshares and same restraint should not be aspruning hooks? How do we get the

proper the justice into of swords This China. case of in the sumed

Dept. IE1165, the for to peace maintain hands the Pentafor matters complicates WURLITZER, De Kalb, Illinois 60115

Please send me information on gon. plowmen? If huge sound trucks

Wurlitzer church organ fund raising plan. If China were three or four were placed in the forests of Viet

Name - states, instead of one, this situation Nam, what would we say? Or if

Address. might bless the world. But parabroadcast via some Early Bird, in

City doxically the United States fought what language? Offering what

State -Zip Code. World War II to maintain "the hopes?

WURLHZER WORLD'SOF PIANOSLARGESTAND ORGANSBUILDER 946 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The answer to all your gift selection problems

WHAT

DOTH IT PROFIT

, stebukg yj

3. Bigger Than Yourself

1, The Abundant Life 2. What Doth It Profit by Wendell J. Ashton

B. Sill Brown by Sterling Hugh W. by

is a exHere of superb gathering articles, of speeches compilation A fiftytwo are Here chapprovocative periences presented with keen never addresses conference and... ters a each golden key which insight into lives the personal

It will lead you before published. unlocks to worldleading a door of outstanding and "ordinary"

life. spiritual a to abundant more ly truly success. A great book. to help the men reader

$3.95 $3.50 "grow tall."$3.25

Messages of the First Presidency, (ESSIES!

II Vol.

OF THE by James R. Clark 1 5. The Magic of VI

Following the "best Mormonism by Earl Stowell Vol. 1, it begins IIFIRST seller"

to 6. Stories That Never Grow Old began as the Church

>RESIDEN0f function in the Great Especially for converts. An inspiring by Joyce Bowen Maughan

Basin and includes toe volume which tells you what hap- A collection of fine stories with noble establishment of the pens in the Church and why. It thoughts and fine ideals, it is deMormon empire in the introduces you to a member's signed to help children from four

Rocky Mountains. challenging dayby-day activities. to twelve years of age build

$3.50 $3.50 strong characters $2.25

City, Salt Main, Utah Lake 1186 South 84101

Order FromM Bookcraft 1165 A the the Please catalogue send and following circled books for FREE Nearest Your r0KC,cJ Mg 4

1 for order which enclose check $ or money Bookcraft

3 4 5 6 Dealer * Bookcraft or from 1:1 NAME 12

ADDRESS

CITY STATE...ZIP I

NOVEMBER 196S 947.

Books that everyone more new 11. The First

2000 Years books.. by W. CleonMRSkousen

Following the best seller, "The First Here is a fascinating account of the 2000 Years,"this volume continues exciting drama of biblical events with a clear explanation of the from the time of Adam to the days 7. The Missouri sweeping drama of biblical events of Abraham. More than 500 specific

Persecutions from the time of Abraham. $5.95 problems are answered. $3.95

by B. H. Roberts

Here is the poignant story of Mormon suffering in THE 19-A, 19-B.

Missouri, Mob A Comprehensive outrages met by quiet 18. The Prophecies History of the Church,

heroism and noble sacrifice of Joseph Smith Vol. I, II

for truth are feelingly portrayed by Duane Crowther by B. H. Roberts

$3.50

Vol. I. Covers Joseph Smith's boyprophecies the with deals book This Missouri. from to the exodus hood subsetheir and Smith of Joseph

II. the after history Vol. Church illustrated Liberally fulfillment. quent and exile, including Nauvoo Missouri photographs. rare and charts with

treck. the westward $3.95

8. Thoughts for Vol. 1. 19-A Vol. II. 19-B $4.50

Vh Minute Talks by Lindsay R.

Curtis These timely lessons 23. Our Living Gospel 24. If a Man Die

will guideserve as by Wendell O. Rich by Gordon Allred people and 'TH to young posts

lead them into the proper environment. A splendid

treasury. $3.00

Explains L.D.S. doctrine in a clear, Takes you from premortal life

concise manner. Shows us how we through death and into the spirit

can enrich our lives by first underworld. It is punctuated throughout

standing the Gospel—then living it. by quotations from leading Church

$3.75 authorities. $3.50

9. Stories of the

Bible for L.D.S. Children t:

by Jane Lund ( 'l fi[jt/a.

Written for children from 4 W* Urn Cafalogtie thru 8 years, each Old Testament This beautiful 12page catalogue is yours FREE, your selection shows how just for the asking. It will help you select the religious apply child may

teachings. Contains numerous finest L.D.S. books tor season giving!

illustrations. $2.50

Bookcraft 1186 South Main, Salt Lake City, Utah 84101

)A80566

948 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

HHHHS&j iM?W:i

won Id like to receive

of 12. Doctrines

Salvation, Vol. 1 - 4.MBh 15.Encyclopedia,L.D.S. Reference

by Joseph Fielding Smith IJ)S Vol. I

13. Vol. II by Melvin R. Brooks

$5.00 14. Vol. Ill 16. Vol.11 $3.50

w MHVI "

Compiled by Bruce R. McConkie, this Wonderful topics such as doctrine, Knowledge of the future as revealed

authoritative series gives clear, unhistory, biography and geography by ancient and modern prophets, it mistakable answers to oft debated are included. Must volumes for is an intensely fascinating book

questions on specific gospel subteachers and students of the rewhich interprets and explains each jects. $3.50 each stored Gospel. facet of prophecy. $3.95

20-A, 20-B The Mormon 21. The Rise and 22. Treasured Quotes

Story Fall of Nauvoo and Verse for by Rulon S. Howells by B. H. Roberts LD.S.

by Leo J. Muir

of Fully with illustrated hundreds

Gives an insight into you inor speak, teach, For all who are "Nauvoo—

in charts, photos, maps and many city the in beautiful."of terested Seven years great ideas without

in color. English, Available Spanish,

is triumph national this limitations, martyrblackened the by the book.

French, Norwegian. Finnish, German. of the Prophet and the Saints'dom $3.95

expulsion. English Order 20-A $3.95 '$2.95

Order 20-B Other $3.95

25. A Penny 26. Joseph Smith PRINCIPLES AND 27. Prophets,

Earned As Scientist NATIONAL SURVWW; Principles, and by Howard and SMITH by John A. Widtsoe National Survival

Ruth Lowe by Gerald L. Newquist

SC1T1SV

This useful book gives LDS families First printed in 1908, this probing Read what Presidents of the Church a clear, understanding insight into new reprint gives the reader an hisand other General Authorities have the art of successful money managetoric insight into such subjects as said about questions and issues which ment—an invaluable guide. $3.00 the concept of the universe, earth now face the nation and the world.

and man, and many more. $2.25 $4.95

1165B

NOVEMBER 196S 949 NEW BOOKS DEAL FOR The Church F Moves By Ora Pate Stewart Treasured gifts, ages 9 to 90 On

TENDER APPLES....$3.95

(biography of Ettie Lee, illus.)

WEST WIND SONG 4.00

(newest poetry, delightfully AUGUST 196S illustrated) BUTTERMILK AND BRAN.. 4.00 The annual allchurch softball tournament began at George

(short stories, nationally Q. Morris Park, Salt Lake City, this morning at seven. Twentyreviewed) four teams are competing in the junior division and twentyfour in

GLEANINGS, fifth edition, the senior division.

illustrated 2.50

in softball were: Senior the allchurch tournament loved around Winners (poetry, now

City, Blanding, Fast Pitch: 2nd, Studio Chandler Monument the world)

Park West 5th. Senior Slow Pitch: Salina 2nd, Price 5th, Plain City

NEW MUSIC, songs suitable 2nd, Long Beach 8th. Junior Fast Pitch: Pasadena, Mesa 8th, San

for many occasions: Diego 10th, Covina. Junior Slow Pitch: Union, Clark, Ogden 39th,

"To a Child,"solo 50 Providence 2nd. Blanding was awarded the senior sportsmanship

(words and music trophy with San Diego 10th being given the junior sportsmanship by O. P. S.) trophy.

"Song of Love,"solo or duet 50 Fl The appointment of Elder Henry E. Christiansen as executive

(words by Nephi J. Bott, LI assistant of the Genealogical Society of the Church was anmusic by O. P. S.) nounced. He has been with the society since 1940 and has served as

"Crossing the Bar,"trio.50 records division manager since 1961.

(words by Tennyson, The appointment of Elder H. Dale Goodwin as records division

music by O. P. S.) manager of the Genealogical Society was announced. He succeeds

"Claim Thou My Heart,"Elder Christiansen.

trio 50 Elder Archibald Fowler Bennett, 69, librarian in charge of the (words and music by genealogical branch libraries of the Church, died in American Fork,

O. P. S.) Utah, of a heart ailment. He was a member of the priesthood geneaPAGES FROM THE BOOK logical committee and had served as librarian of the Genealogical

OF EVE, family book 3.00 Society from 1928 to 1961. He authored many church texts on

BROWN LEAVES TURNING, genealogy and for years had been aiding the Era in the selection poetry 2.50 of genealogical articles to be printed. Funeral services were held

I TALK ABOUT MY CHILDREN, in Salt Lake City September 1.

family humor 2.00

MOPEY THE MOP, Elder Harold E. Turley sustained as president of El Paso

ages 3 to 12 2.00 (Texas) Stake with counselors, Elders John H. Mullen and

GOD PLANTED A TREE, Ianthus B. Romney. They succeed President Lionel M. West and

on the Bible 1.00 his counselors, Elders Willard Whipple and Joseph D. Payne.

BRANCHES OVER THE WALL, on Book of Mormon 1.00 Twentyfive hundred members of the American Hospital

TREASURES UNEARTHED, Association in convention in San Francisco heard a concert on Book of Mormon 1.00 by the Salt Lake Tabernacle Choir. The 350 members of the choir

DEAR LAND OF HOME, flew to the coast city for the special concert.

Story the Zeniff 1.00 SEPTEMBER 1965 I STOOD, WHEREFROM

short subjects 1.00

the During family celebration at Huntsville, Utah, marking BELIEVE,WE the ninetysecond anniversary of President David O. McKay's 1.00 of Faith Articles

birth, President said of his McKay birthplace: "I love that old LETTER SON, TO MYA its with thick home walls, ceilings, high the fireplace wide and 1.00 12 on up age deep the and tall as chimneys as the trees poplar it. that surround LETTER DAUGHTER, TO MYA I feel better Somehow while in I'm I Huntsville Valley. each know 1.00 12 on up age

Autographed—Mailed Anywhere mountain peak, each canyon and stream. I have roamed over every

ORA PATE STEWART farm and meadow since early child- (Continued on page 952) 11282 Anabel Avenue Garden Grove, California

950 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Do you want a tire that won't give you gray hair in a panic stop, because it stops a full car length shorter at 30 mph than any other premium tire tested?

tire you Do want a that was torture tested at 120 a tire Do you want that will rack up so many miles didn't all and gomph to pieces over it? won't you believe your odometer?

Do you want a tire that nobody thought could be made better than it was except us, so we did? Do you want a tire that you just never have to

Do you want a tire that is practically indestructithink about (which is something to think about)?

ble, and has a written guarantee that will probably you a Do want tire that is as beautiful to look atjust sit around gathering dust? it is as to ride on, and vice versa?

Then buy a set of Amoco. 120 Super Premium Tires

from your American Oil Dealer.

You expect more from American and you get it!*

mtmcAti oil company

Trademark The Church Moves On (Continued from page 950)

hood. Here is where I was born.

Here is where I grew to early manhood. Here is where I had my

first teaching position. Is it little

wonder I love this valley so dearly?"

Among the hundreds of congratulations and best wishes received was a wire from President

Lyndon B. Johnson which read: "As

I returned to my White House office my calendar reminded me of the birthday of a longtime cherished friend. Lady Bird joins me in

BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY expressing our warmest good for to happiness and you earned through you have PURCHASES KNABE—wishesjoy which

THE OFFICIAL PIANO OF THE METROPOLITAN OPERA a lifetime of service and achievement. I have been trying to reach

you by telephone but in case I fail

You'll find six Knabe Grands in the new Franklin S. Harris Fine I send my highest regards. Lyndon

Arts Center. And have you noticed how many other handsome B. Johnson."

churches and fine public buildings are choosing Knabe?

The appointment of Grant M.

Church and civic leaders who know the worth of a fine piano Burbidge to the priesthood specify Knabe. Long a favorite of teachers and professional welfare committee of the Church

musicians, Knabe's renowned voice, sensitive response and dewas announced. He was recently

pendable service have set it apart as the Official Piano of the released as president of the West

Metropolitan Opera. Spanish American Mission.

The appointment of Agnes S.

(Mrs. Owen S.) Jacobs of Salt

Write today for the name of your nearest Knabe dealer and reLake City to the general board of ceive a handsome catalog depicting and describing the many the Primary Association was anquality features of Knabe. nounced. Mrs. Jacobs has recently

returned from the Bavarian Mission with her husband, who served as mission president.

Mrs. Marba C. Josephson, 68,

associate managing editor of The Improvement Era, passed away at her Salt Lake City home of an apparent heart attack. Funeral sermuz vices were held September 24. ( See

also page 968.)

Signature of Quality Pianos "While Selective Sendee of- A East Rochester, N.Y.

ficials recognize the right of the Church to call, ordain, and send out missionaries, and the eligibility

GENEALOGY PROBLEMS??? classifications,of these missionariesthey haveforrequiredIV-D

the Church to place restrictions on

ZIONS COLOR INC. the number sent,"read a letter

from the First today. Presidency

JVimttUui"JfnJ A& Ml*tiLiutit* as of >-. -.iftt a/(<;lB—( HAS A PROGRAM WHICH "Effective 1965, October 1,

Mnjl (j [(,,l(, [, til (inpl I * CAN PUT A each ward and independent branch will be permitted to send one mis- "1,1Bi—Mj... rvil titfa?*rfn JMy=/ i->"!<'JJ 'JJooU x)f Jlememoraiice mensionarywitheachcertainsix months,classifications.except.for..

Men... may be sent without re-

. striction as..: I-D to numbers

(until further I-Y 5 xixaxxxxj xx j xxxj.xxxxja.xi.x xxx; x x; IN EVERY HOME and advised),

IV-A, IV-F, and V-A."

7 2991 West 3500 South jib lZS V

Salt Lake City, Utah Phone 2983491

952 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA p\ \

twee?/

Consistent with our policy to keep pace with latest developments in book binding, we are proud to announce the installation of PATENT HOT MELT BINDING. This

exclusive process enables us to bind "squareback"books without the necessity of the annoying side staple that restricts the full opening of the book; and

this without sacrificing the strength. In

fact, the book is actually stronger and more durable.

Now, simply open your church manual, and with a firm stroke using the heel of your hand, your book remains in the same open position you desire exposing the full page without bothersome flipping or closing of pages. Many of the advantages

offered only in more expensive sewn books are yours thanks to

PATENT HOT MELT BINDING. We hope you'll agree that this latest

1600 Empire Road Salt Lake City, Utah bit of news is good news!

'le'Boobflllonnon l%)h ofMormon

NOVEMBER 1965 953

Exploring the Universe

By Dr. Franklin S. Harris Jr.

NEWBORN INFANTS AND

BIRTH MEDICATION Is your church any place to skimp Calling attention to the results on carpet quality? that a newborn baby shows marked

susceptibility to the depressant ef- 'No!"say the architects who specify for And Gropoint's 19 colors make it adaptfect of drugs used during the

so many of the stately new Mormon able to any decor. mother's labor, Dr. Gerald Stechler

church buildings. Good carpet, they But Gropoint is just one of many of the Boston University Medical

point out, absorbs sound, saves on mainBigelows whose quality befits Mormon Center wondered how long the tenance costs. And, of course, improves church buildings. There are others, ineffect lasts. He made tests on 20

appearance. cluding styles for every public building, fullterm babies 2 to 4 days old and

Not surprisingly, Bigelow Gropoint every home. Bigelow has or can customfound that babies whose mothers

(above) gets the nod. create the perfect carpet. We've done received heavy medication during

it since 1825. labor were less attentive than thoseLongwearing Gropoint's allwool loop

& CARPETS SINCE 1825 babies whose mothers received pile softens noise to a hushed quiet. Bigelow RUGS light medication.

BLOOD STORAGE

Over twentyfive years ago Professor Alexander Goetz of California

Institute of Technology showed that if live yeast cells were quickly cooled to the temperature of liquid nitrogen (-320F. ), they could be

This '66 datsun is a compact beauty that will steal your heart as it saves you stored indefinitely and then warmed money. New, powerful 1300 cc engine with a full command 4-speed shift gives to room temperature for activity as

you all the 'get up and go'you'll ever need yet delivers up to 33 mpg economy. though they had not been cooled.

datsun—easy to drive, easy to park, easy to service and delivers fully equipped, At that time he pointed out the apfor extra radio with every but a only $1,666 plus lie, tax. D & H and local plication for storage of blood.

it this freight if any. Test very week!

Advances in low temperature techniques have now made this possible....just ask a.zx owner Blood which had been cooled and

stored for five years and then warmed has been used in major surgery at the Chelsea ( Mass.

General Hospital. Blood stored at

ordinary refrigeration temperatures

GO DRIVE ST,,* AMD YOU'LL GO DATSUN FOR '66! will only last for about three weeks.

For Dealer name write: DATSUN, Dept. T, PO Box 191, Gardena, California.

954 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA STRENGTH IN LEADERSHIP

The true fiber of an organization lies in the charThese are men whose names are synonymous with acter and integrity of its leaders. First Security the history and growth of this region... men with

Corporation is indeed fortunate and proud to have deep roots and deep concern for our welfare.

these distinguished directors to guide its banks.

BENTON R. CANCELL N. ELDON TANNER MARRINER S. ECCLES V

President First Presidency Chairman of the Board

Potlatch Forests, Inc. The Church of Jesus Christ of First Security Corp.

Latterday Saints Amalgamated Sugar Co. R. V. HANSBERGER

President EDD H. BAILEY GEORGE S. ECCLES

Boise Cascade Corp. President President

Union Pacific Railroad Co. First Security Corp.

J. R. SIMPLOT G. B. AYDELOTT First Security Investment Co. President President

J. R. Simplot Co. Denver & Rio Grande Western WILLARD L. ECCLES

A. E. BENNING Railroad Co. FirstVicePresidentSecurity Corp.and Secretary

President E. W. LITTLEFIELD

Amalgamated Sugar Co. President and General Mgr. HAROLD J. STEELE

Utah Construction & Mining Co. Executive Vice President

First Security Bank of Utah, N.A.

VAL A. BROWNING L. RICHARD EVANS Chairman Council of Twelve Browning

of Christ of J. L. DRISCOLL Jesus Church Arms Co. Member,The

Chairman of the Board Saints Latterday W. W. ANDERSON

Security Bank of Idaho, N.A Chairman of the Board DOUGLAS W. LOVE First

Anderson Lumber Co. President V. R. STEFFENSEN

UtahIdaho Sugar Co. President H. HINCKLEY ROBERT First Security Bank of Idaho, N.A. M. M. FIDLAR Director and Member of

Executive Committee President American BroadcastingMountain Fuel Supply Co. SeniorH. M. EMERSONVice President

Paramount Theaters, Inc. E. M. NAUGHTON First Security Bank of Idaho, N.A.

President Utah Power & Light Co. MAX THOMAS

MARRINER A. BROWNING Senior Vice President

Member of Executive First Security Bank of Utah, N.A.

Committee R. H. BURTON

Investments L. T.DEE LOUIS BUCHMAN* KENDALL D. GARFF President President Mining

Thomas D. Dee Investment Co. Ken Garff Co. Consultant

J. FLETCHER SCOWCROFT S. P. HARTER *Emeritus

Director Senior Vice President

Amalgamated Sugar Co. Pet Milk Co.

'i

It is the judgment and wisdom of these men, comYou'll find 93 First Security offices in 71 interbined with the effort and perseverance of managemountain communities, each providing complete ment and staff, that has made First Security the banking services to customers. Most likely, there

most trusted, responsible and respected financial is a First Security Bank in or near your community.

institution in the mountain west. Come in... we'll be happy to serve you.

FIRST SECURITY BANKS Members Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation

NOVEMBER 1965 955 FOR MARION D. HANKS

AND HIS BOY

BY S. D1LWORTH YOUNG

I saw you walk along Holding his hand, He looking up at you with Boyish pride, Trying hard to match Stride for stride.

Your smile of fatherly concern

Touched me.

Once I walked thus, Companions we, Contented.

Too soon for us the journey Ended.

Walk thus each day.

Allow no thing to pull you Far apart, knowing are things of the soul, and of the Such up by haze thrown the glamorous seen through YOUHAVE heart. The about of the truth learned enough advertisers? alcohol HAVE YOU day. thus each Do

liquor to want to have no part of it? You'll see,

"IF YOU DON'T DRINK,"says the Preferred Risk Mutual Unfolding in his growing,

Insurance Co., "WHY HELP PAY FOR THE ACCIDENTS OF The boy you were,

THOSE WHO DO?"Preferred Risk, America's first automobile The man he is to be.

insurance company, for nondrinkers only, now makes it possible for you to stop paying for the drinker's accidents—and to save money MARTHA

at the same time.

If you are a nondrinker,* we invite you to investigate, and inBY BETH ROBERTSON sure with Peferred Risk. Save money—and put your automobile

dreamed of beauty insurance where your heart is—with the thousands of others who Martha unceasingly And toiled say, "No Thanks—we don't drink."For full details, including an Doing homely duties.

explanation of Preferred Risk's plan for claimfree drivers, return Once she said to me:

this coupon now.

stirs within me, "Poetry IMPORTANT—Nondrinker means TOTAL abstainer. The occasional social drinker is not eligible. lips are dumb. But my

The lovely singing words I need,

ACT NOWUSE THIS COUPON Never will they come."

I underinformation about your auto insurance for total abstainers.[ complete send Please me

obligation. is 1165 Yet all the children loved her. IE there stand no

miles auto insurance about for Round My Nameexpires: share in to gathered They Month Address.

Her cookies and her smiles. City -StateDay-

Occupation. Year. And grateful neighbors marveled

Age.Age of principal driver of auto Age of youngest driver That one so poor as she

Make of Car Year—No. CylindersCould pour out love and kindness

Body type & Model (Series) With such prodigality.

Use of Car- Q Pleasure Business Q To and from work-.miles one way.

Marital Status of Principal Driver: Married with..children Now she's done with toiling,

living at home Q Single D Single, Herald article. And I think her dream came true: of Christian free copy Send me giving, she wrought tOM"Loving,

PREFERRED RISK MUTUAL Better than she knew.

ACCIDENTS INSURANCE COMPANY For who is there to say 150 South 4th East, What singing words are worth,

Salt Lake City, Utah Phone 3641804 Or that Martha did not make her share America's First Total Abstainer's Automobile Insurance Co. William Plymat, President Of the poetry of earth?

AGENCY INQUIRIES INVITED

986 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Union Pacific is many things to many people

To Shippers... U.P. is synonymous with the finest freight

service, modern specialized equipment, highpowered locomotives to assure ontime deliveries.

To Consumers... Swift, dependable delivery of many

products they buy—both perishable and durable.

To Travelers... Relaxing, comfortable, safe and economical travel on Union Pacific Domeliners.

To Communities... In the western states it serves, Union

Pacific's purchases made, wages to employees and taxes paid, all contribute toward the activities and economy of the community.

For Plant Site Seekers... A wide selection of trackside

tracts including fully developed industrial parks offer unusual opportunities for industries of all types throughout the Union Pacific West.

Government... Union Pacific's strategic middle route

between the East and all the Pacific Coast is an essential link in the nation's transportation system, vital to its economy in times of peace and to its defense in emergencies.

We would welcome the opportunity to serve you.

Union Pacific Railroad

NOVEMBER 1965 987 NOW IS THE SEASON OF PLENTY BY JESSIE CANNON ELDRIDGE Now is the season of crimson and plenty;

Now is the season of harvest, and gay

Bright scarlet ribbons of the clinging ivy

Climbing the gray elms; of children that play,

Kicking the brown leaves and hearing their rustle,

Laughing and shouting, inhaling the rich

Scent of the autumn; of honk of the wild geese,

Haunting and eerie, at fever pitch.

Now is the season of squash and of pumpkin

VACUUM PACKED Spilling their goldness, of the scent of new PEANUT BRITTLE 100% PROFIT HayAll goodnessin the making,in—all ofthingsnuts,thatand areof gatheringtrue.

is the season holds the hand when man his rich across the land. Maker $60.00NOCASH INVESTMENTevery time 10 members of your OfNowGod

group each sell 12 cans of OldFashioned Peanut Brittle at $1.00 per can.

100% PROFIT! The quart size cans cost your

each—sell NOT EVENfor $1.00!lc! Order 120 groupNO INVESTMENT!only 50c

to 1200 cans today. Take up to 30 days to send

payment. Give your name, title, phone number

and complete address, the name, address, etc.

of 2nd officer, name of group, quantity of each desired, nearest and Office parcel (no THE ABSTINENCE AND MODERATION post). Extras sent cost I FREEFreightto SPOKEN

east of Rockies. OFFER OPENcover TOshipping GROUPS WORD 'ONLY! WRITE TODAY!

L. EVANS VERNE COLLIER RICHARD

Dept. 5-20 A wellknown columnist recently recalled some words of Samuel Johnis as ago: son to centuries said, "as "Abstinence easy me,"from two he Street 900 North 19th

is that temperance Moderation a has very would be difficult."a word BIRMINGHAM 3, ALABAMA AA J fall it is fallacy acceptable of into the sound, the thinking might and we

answer to everything. But it isn't always. Indeed, there isn't anything

that is always the answer to everything, and this in itself is a matter of moderation. But Samuel Johnson's short sentence suggests that someFAMILY ARMS totimesdo it somethingis easier to thatdo somethingat first sightthat seemsseems moreeasier—fordifficultifto wedo thangive

up something only partly, there is always the question when, how

DIRECT FROM ENGLAND much, how far. But if we give it up altogether, this question

resolves itself. It isn't possible to accommodate ourselves to all things

and still preserve principle. It isn't possible to partake of a little of

everything or anything and still preserve health—or life. Even a little

of some things is too much—sometimes fatal, literally so. Some things

are wrong, basically and inherently wrong, and we shouldn't allow ourselves the right to do wrong—even in moderation. In some situations

the mistakes themselves may not be so serious if we recognize them as such, but rationalizing ourselves into a comfortable complacency could be exceedingly serious. We sometimes hear talk of "tapering off."It

also has a tempting sound. But would we recommend tapering off

stealing or many other things that might be mentioned? There are

often extenuating circumstances, and we cannot expect perfection, but we shouldn't rationalize the principle. We are stronger and safer if we

YORK INSIGNIA LTD. face facts and do not seek to accommodate ourselves to error or evil or

YORK, ENGLAND unhealthful habits—not even in moderation. If we have a habit which

is likely to lead to a wrong result, we could be safer to give it up altogether than to give it up part way. We do ourselves a disservice if we

mix everything into the same mixture and say that a little of everything

HiWHilli-O-lilili-i is all right, when a little of some things is really wrong. In other words,

the best way not to do what we shouldn't do is not to do it. To cite

IN USE for SEVENTYFIVE YEARS again the words of Samuel Johnson: "Abstinence is as easy to me as

temperance would be difficult."1Aids in treatment of Canker, simple

sore throat and other minor mouth 1Samuel Johnson, More Johnstmiana, 467.

and throat irritations. "The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia

HALLS REMEDY Broadcasting System, August 1, 1965. Copyright 1965.

Salt Lake City, Utah

958 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Does your child know why it doesn't hurt when his hair is cut? Do you?

The Book of Knowledge has the anraphy. It shows how to make and do

swer. The Book of Knowledge tells things. It stimulates curiosity, enThe Grolier Society, Inc.

you why... tells you the what and tices further reading, creates a hun575 Lexington Ave.

New York, N.Y. 10022who and how of all sorts of wonger for learning and a solid knowldrous questions. It gives you all the edge foundation for the study years Please send me your free 24page

answers in language your children ahead. color "miniature"Book of Knowlcan understand... you start your Free. Prove to yourself and your edge crammed with stories, artichildren on the road to knowledge. youngsters how wonderful The Book cles, pictures, quizzes and things

The Book of Knowledge makes learnof Knowledge really is. Send in this to make and do. Tell me, too,

ing fun. It's the only book of its type coupon for the free 24page booklet about the Grolier EasyPay Educonceived and written and put tocontaining sample pages from the cational Plan. There are

gether just for children. It fascinates Book of Knowledge. It asks and anchildren in my family, agesI. Era 11/65

them with bright and lively facts swers some fascinating questions just Name that educate while they entertain. It as they're answered in The Book of Address.

tells about art and history and geogKnowledge. Send for it today.

City

County,.State Zip.The BookGrolier, Incorporated of Knowledge A publication of

20 volume red and Ivory Sturdite Binding -Cash Price $199.50 -Grolier Easy Pay

Plan $10 down, $10 per month

NOVEMBER 1965 959 THE EDITOR'S PAGE BY PRESIDENT DAVID O. MCKAY

Wordsworth once wrote of Milton, "Thy soul was I have seen boys, apparently indifferent to church like a star and dwelt apart."It seems to me, after interests, on occasions stand out in expressive defiance

thinking of the principles of the gospel and the high of the attack upon the Church. We frequently arrogate

standard of living among the Latterday Saints, that to ourselves the thought that if there were any enthis people "dwells apart,"that they should be in realcroachment upon this Church, we would be ready ity "a peculiar people."I do not mean that we are not to stand out and defend it en masse. That feeling, that

to mingle with our friends who do not believe as we, spirit of defense is always looking for some exceptional neither do I believe that we ought to be exclusive; but manifestation of opposition, something great that is

as The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints we coming. When such comes, we think we shall be ready

must "dwell apart."to defend the Church, when perhaps this very day,

Now, in what way? James says that "pure religion there has been an encroachment upon our souls which

and undefiled before God and the Father is this, To has weakened our power to defend the truth. Trees

visit the fatherless and widows in their affliction, that can stand in the midst of the hurricane often and to keep himself unspotted from the world."( James yield to the destroying pests that you can scarcely see

1:27.) It is in the sense of keeping ourselves unspotted with a microscope, and the greatest foes of humanity

from the world that I take it the Church should be today are those unseen microscopic microbes that distinct, in this sense, that the children of the Church attack the body.

be as a star—pure. It is the unseen influences at work in society that

In that most impressive prayer of the Savior's, he are undermining -the manhood and womanhood of says, speaking of his Apostles, "... these are in the today. It is these unseen influences that come from the

world,..."(John 17:11) and then adds these signifiworld that get us when we are least prepared to decant words, "I pray not that thou shouldest take them fend ourselves. When we do not withstand the enout of the world, but that thou shouldest keep them croachments of these evil influences, we weaken the

from the evil."(Ibid., 17:15.) This is in harmony with possibility of defending the Church of Christ. This

the teachings of the Book of Mormon, as recorded in is an individual work, and what the individuals are, the 42nd chapter of the book of Alma, where it is that the aggregate is.

explained why the children of God are here in this I once was with a party of friends driving over world; viz., to mingle with the sons of men, to gain a beautiful valley not far from Salt Lake City. We

an experience that will bring them back to God; but passed a beautiful wheat field. It really was an imnot to partake of the sins of the world. The Savior said pressive sight to see that dry farm of wheat, and one

to his Apostles on the same evening that he offered of the party expressed his admiration of the luxuriant that beautiful prayer, "... be of good cheer; I have growth in the field, and looked at it in general. There

overcome the world."(Ibid., 16:33.) Going soon to it stood apart from the sagebrush and barren surmeet his Father, he admonished them to follow his exroundings. But he was not satisfied with looking at it

ample, praying not that God should take them out of in the aggregate; the automobile was stopped, and

the world, but that he should keep them from the evil. he looked at individual heads of wheat and exclaimed:

960 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "Look what large heads."Just one—it was the indidaily associations. They come in the shape of temptavidual stalk that gave him that impression. That was tions, as they came to the Savior after his baptism.

not enough. He broke the head, shuffled it in his What were those temptations? When Satan said, "If

hand, blew the chaff away, and examined each kernel. thou be the Son of God, command that these stones

"The kernels,"continued he, "are plump and solid."be made bread"(Matt. 4:3), he was appealing to the

After all, the test of that wheat field was the individual appetite. He knew that Jesus was hungry, that he was

kernel of wheat, and so it is in a community, so it is physically weak, and thought that by pointing to those in the Church. The test, after all, of the efficiency of little stones which resembled somewhat a Jewish

God's people is an individual one. loaf of bread, he could awaken a desire to eat. Failing

What is the individual doing? Each one should ask, in that, when he received the divine word, "Man shall

"Am I living so that I am keeping unspotted from the not live by bread alone, but by every word that proevil of the world?"God wants us here. His plan of ceeded! out of the mouth of God"(ibid., 4:4), Satan

redemption, so far as we are concerned, is here; and then tried him in another way. He dared him—an

you, my fellow workers in the Church of Christ, are appeal to his pride, to his vanity, quoted scripture to carrying the responsibility of testifying to the world support his temptation, for remember the devil can that God's truth has been revealed and that men and find scripture for his purpose. But the Savior answered

women can live in this world free and uncontaminated him in terms of scripture, "It is written again, Thou from the sins thereof, as did the Lord and Redeemer shalt not tempt the Lord thy God."(Ibid., 4:7.) What

in his day. was the third? An appeal to his love of power, domain,

Now, what do we mean by the world? It is somewealth. "All these things [the kingdoms of the world

times used as an indefinite term. I take it that the and the glory thereof] will I give thee,"said the

world refers to the inhabitants who are alienated from tempter, "if thou wilt fall down and worship me."

the Saints of God. They are aliens to the Church, and (Ibid., 4:9.) "Get thee hence, Satan: for it is written,

it is the spirit of this alienation from which we should Thou shalt worship the Lord thy God, and him only keep ourselves free. We are told by Paul not to conshalt thou serve."(Ibid., 4:10.)

form to the fashions of the world. Timothy was warned Nearly every temptation that comes to you and me

not to partake of those things, the evils of the world, comes in one of those forms. Classify them, and you

and to "flee also youthful lusts: but follow righteouswill find that under one of those three nearly every

ness, faith, charity, peace, with them that call on the given temptation that makes you and me spotted,

Lord out of a pure heart."(2 Tim. 2:22.) Purity of ever so little maybe, comes to u$l as ( 1 ) a temptation

heart—Zion is the pure in heart, we have been told, of the appetite, (2) a yielding to the pride and fashion

and the strength of this Church lies in the purity of and vanity of those alienated from the things of the thoughts and lives of its members; then the testiGod, or (3) a gratifying of the passion, or a desire

mony of Jesus abides in the soul, and strength comes for the riches of the world, or power among men.

to each individual to withstand the evils of the world. May each of us so live to be above the temptations

These evils present themselves insidiously in our that are in the world.

NOVEMBER I960 961 question: "In the twentyninth section of the Doceternal progression. Here we are subject to change.

trine and Covenants, verses thirty to the end, there We come into this world as infants, and our bodies are statements concerning temporal and spiritual laws grow under natural conditions to the full stature of which are not very clear to me. For instance in verses the spirits which possess them. Mortality is therefore

thirtyfour and thirtyfive, the Lord says: only a step in our eternal existence. We see most

"Wherefore, verily I say unto you that all things everything subject to change, and when our mortal unto me are spiritual, and not at any time have I journey is done, we will pass on, the body going to given unto you a law which was temporal; neither any the grave and the spirit returning to the spirit world

man, nor the children of men; neither Adam, your to await the resurrection. In the resurrection the spirit

father, whom I created. and the body will again be united never again to be

"'Behold, I gave unto him that he should be an separated. If we have lived in faithful obedience to

agent unto himself; and I gave unto him commandthe divine plan given to Adam and handed down by

ment, but no temporal commandment gave I unto duly appointed servants of the Lord, we are promised him, for my commandments are spiritual; they are a glorious resurrection. And we will become gods,

not natural nor temporal, neither carnal nor sensual.'even sons and daughters of God with power eventually

"Will you please explain the meaning of this stateto gain perfection, ruling over our own posterity ment from the thirtieth verse to the end of the and thus laying a foundation of eternal progress as section?"sons and daughters of our Eternal Father and joint

heirs with Jesus Christ, our Eldest Brother, who redeemed us from eternal death by the shedding of his blood on the cross.

This mortal life is granted us that we may be schooled properly and trained through the plan of salvation to be worthy to become in very deed sonsSignificance and daughters of God. Our Eternal Father would have

every soul saved if that were feasible. Salvation, however, is based on merit and obedience to divine law of

and therefore is only obtained through compliance with divine commandments. Mortality is a training

school. It is here where we are tried and tested to Temporal

see if we will be true to our Redeemer and our Eternal

Father under the mortal conditions which confront us. and We are shut out of the presence of our Eternal Father

and are subject to the various conditions peculiar to mortality. Spiritual Among the lessons which we are expected to learn is

to walk by faith and not by sight. We are not left to

grope and find our way in total darkness. The fundaLaw mental principles of the gospel have been declared

from the beginning so that any who will may receive the divine light and knowledge. Part of our schooling

answer: The great difference between our Eternal is that we may become acquainted with pain, sickness,

Father and mortal man is the fact that He has gained disappointments as well as receive the pleasures which perfection and to Him there is nothing temporal. mortality affords. Through this mortal school we gain

Even the mortal life that we are now in, while to us by experience many lessons which could not be obit has a beginning and an end, to our Eternal Father tained in any other way. Mortal life was never inis only a necessary step in his eternal plan for the tended to be free from toil, tribulation, and diverse

benefit of man. We were privileged to come here to conditions. All of these increase our knowledge

gain experience which is essential to our eternal progthrough experience, and for this we were assigned to ress and perfection. All that we have to go through come to this mortal world. Therefore, mortality should

in mortality is part of the divine plan. We are taught be looked on as a period of schooling all of which

that there was never a beginning and there never will is essential to our eternal progression and exaltation be an end. Mortal life is only a step on the road of in the kingdom of our Eternal Father.

962 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

YOUR mm QUESTION ''ANSWERED BY JOSEPH FIELDING &> W&&8&M t M>:

SMITH PRESIDENT OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE c"*** *

Mm

i*>f.>ii

We were privileged to come here to gain experience which is essential to our eternal progress and perfection.

NOVEMBER 1965 63

vy J L

BY ELDER HAROLD B. LEE

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE In the early days of the church welfare program,

Elmer G. Petersen, who was then president of the

USAC, was on our agricultural committee with

Brother John A. Widtsoe as the chairman. We had

sent Brother Petersen out on some kind of an agricultural assignment, and when he came back he prefaced his report by a rather significant statement:

"Well, I have discovered again something that I have already known. The members of this Church are like

soldiers in the ranks, and all they need is for someone to give them marching orders."

There is a scripture that seems to fit that theme—

when the Apostle Paul cautioned the leaders among the Corinthians, "For if the trumpet give an uncertain sound, who shall prepare himself to the battle?

"There are, it may be, so many kinds of voices in the world, and none of them is without signification.

"Therefore if I know not the meaning of the voice,

I shall be unto him that speaketh a barbarian, and he that speaketh shall be a barbarian unto me."(

Cor. 14:8, 1011.)

Now, I would have you see three important truths from the Apostle Paul's statement. First, those who

lead must have a certain, sure trumpet sound to their instructions—no wavering, no compromising, but down

the middle of the road of truth. To be a leader you

have to be moving. I cannot conceive of anybody

following a leader who isn't going anywhere, and that's what Paul is trying to say.

The second thing he says is that "there may be manv kinds of voices in the world, and all of them have meaning or signification,"as he used the word. Voices mean different things to different

people.

And then the final thought: If I personally know

not the meaning of the voice, "I shall be unto him that speaketh as a barbarian, and he that speaketh shall be a barbarian unto me."Leaders with clear, sharp

understanding of their jobs, and the ability to give instructions and leadership direction and those who have the ability to listen are vital in this program.

\ Those who lead 964 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Finally, we must expect that there is going to be conmay know with a perfect knowledge, as the daylight fusion, always has been and will be until the end of is from the dark night."(Moroni 7:15.)

time, and that all these confusing voices mean someAs I read that again I remembered an experience thing to the different people who hear. many years ago when a young man under the stress of

In a stake conference recently, a military man said circumstance with two others planned to falsify the something about the importance of trumpet calls to payrolls of a government work project and each of a military man. There is reveille at daybreak summonthem get pay by answering the call to the same

ing men to the day's duties. There is the trumpet call man's name who appeared on each of these jobs bethat means assembly, or to assemble or fall into milicause of the confusion in the registration, When they

tary order. There is the mess call. ( I suspect that that were found out, he came to me as many youth

is probably the first one that military men learn to do after it is almost too late to help, and he wanted understand. That's the call to meals.) There is the to ask some questions. He said, "Now what was the

call that means forward march; there is the call that purpose of this money that was being paid out?"

means a call to arms, prepare for battle. And then "Well,"I said, "it was to help the unemployed."

there is taps, a signal to extinguish all lights in military "Well, then I was helping to distribute the money, quarters and to go to bed or to preserve silence and wasn't I?"

also is used at a military burial. So he went on. One Of course I had to say, "Yes, I suppose you were."

can imagine the utter confusion if a military comHe said, "You know that I needed this. You know

mander failed to give correct instructions to the that these other boys needed this. Now then, good

bugler. If the individuals in the military encampment resulted from my acts, didn't it?"

had not been taught sufficiently to understand each And I had to say, "Yes."

trumpet call, one can likewise fancy the confusion. "Then, why should what I did be called a sin or be

It is this confusion in the Babel tower of contradictor)7 called a crime if I was merely helping the government voices among us today about which I would like to and good resulted from my act?"

make a few comments and, if possible, to guide the I looked at him in amazement and replied, "If I thinking of our leaders and youth. did not know you had been raised in a Latterday

What is the formula, the simple formula for motiSaint home, I would not be surprised; but you have

vating our choice young men and women to right been taught that written by the finger of God on thinking and proper conduct, to know truth from tablets of stone, the divine injunctions, 'Thou shalt not untruth? What is the simple formula? I think I heard steal. Thou shalt not bear false witness....'(Exod.

it when I was talking with a stake president about 20:1516) and that is what you have done. You have

the choice of counselors. He pointed to a certain lied, and it is a sin before God; and it is a sin, it is a

man and said: "Here is a man who doesn't do things crime before the law of this government."

because he wants to but because they are right. I need What other* confusing voices? Among the most

that kind of man on my team."cherished privileges in a free world are freedom of

Now, every one of us, so Mormon said, may know speech, freedom of the press, and freedom of assembly.

by the light of Christ, the spirit of Christ, which is But I ask you to consider freedom if the authors of given to every person, that he may know good from one of our university publications, for example, were evil. "... it is given unto you to judge,"Moroni quotes to attack the Church or to ridicule some of our

his father as saying, "that ye may know good church leaders, exercising freedom of the press as from evil; and the way to judge is as plain, that ye they claim. They would be ( Continued on page 1014)

must harm u t9rlmn* ma re irampei mmnuf rr$ fei i.ziruttMzs*

NOVEMBER 1965 90S c -. -.

It was recently said by an editorial writer in New the Prophet Joseph Smith as a "Danite"but was soon

Jersey that "the history of the Zabriskie family in the released. During Nauvoo days the Zabriskies lived

United States is a history of these United States."This across the Mississippi River in Lee County, Iowa,

can be paraphrased by substituting "Mormon Church"where Lewis served first as president of the elders for "United States"because members of the Zabriskie quorum and later as president of the Ambrosia family have actively participated in church activities Branch. Both Lewis and Henry were ordained high

from Zion's Camp, Clay County (Missouri) expulsion, priests in Nauvoo.

Nauvoo, Council Bluffs, Mormon Battalion, and miWhen the exodus from Nauvoo began, the Zabrisgration to Utah, down to the presentday expansion kies moved across Iowa. Jerome Zabriskie, a son of

of the Church, Henry, joined the Mormon Battalion. On July 17,

The Zabriskies form the "oldest Polish family in 1846, Lewis was selected as one of the bishops for the

America,"which is at the same time an early DutchCouncil Bluffs area. He served until 1852, when he

American family by reason of its early American anteand his family moved to Provo, Utah. Lewis lived in

cedents. Albrecht Zaborowskij (which soon became Provo until the late 1860's, when he moved first to

Zabriskie) came to America from East Prussia by Denver, then to Omaha, and later to Missouri. He

way of Holland in 1662. He married an Americanborn died April 4, 1884.

Dutch girl and lived in Bergen County, New Jersey. Henry Zabriskie and most members of his family

In 1832 in Eugene township, Vermillion County, arrived in Utah in 1849 and were among the early

Indiana, two fifthgeneration Zabriskie brothers, settlers of Provo. Here Henry died in 1857.

Lewis and Henry, and their families joined the Descendants of Henry and, in fewer numbers, of

Church—then only two years old. Lewis was baptized Lewis have long been active in church affairs in

in May 1832. Henry was baptized August 11, 1832. Utah, Arizona, and Nevada, and in more recent years

Lewis has been called the first member of the Church throughout the whole Church.

of PolishAmerican descent; he was also among the Henry and Lewis had a brother Abraham, who

very first of early DutchAmerican descent. The lived near them in Indiana in 1832. But Abraham

Zabriskie family has produced its share of church and his family did not join the Church. Some years

leaders at the stake and ward levels. later Elizabeth, one of the daughters, was baptized.

Lewis served as a captain of ten in Zion's Camp. She and her husband Henry Elisha Perry and their

Later he and Henry and their families moved to Clay two young children moved to Utah from Missouri in

County, Missouri, where they joined the Saints in about 1855. They were among the pioneers of Perry,

their forced move to Illinois. Henry was arrested with near Brigham City, Utah. The numerous descendants

966 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

.,. family WtiM BY GEORGE OUN ZABRISKIE:Q -8M&

of Elizabeth have spread throughout the Church. sing in the Waikiki Ward choir in Honolulu. SubseThey include L. Tom Perry, former president of quently they, with Donald Vanderbeek, Evelyn's son

Cache Stake. by a former marriage, joined the Church. After

Other descendants of Abraham have subsequently Arthur's death in 1950, Evelyn served as a Mormon joined the Church. The first was William C. Walker, missionary in Australia. She, as Mrs. Tolerton (Tod)

now of Brigham City, a son of Mary Jane Zabriskie H. VaugKh, lives in Honolulu.

Walker. A grandson of Mary Jane, Robert Leslie During World War I, Mary Ella Hartwell, born in

French of Whittier, California, and his family are Bergen County and a daughter of Kate Zabriskie, church members. married Arthur Hans Esklund of Scipio, Utah. They

The main seat of the Zabriskie family has always lived in Idaho and Utah; Mary died in 1956 in Salt

been the Bergen County area of northeastern New Lake City.

Jersey. Members of at least four New Jersey branches During her nearly forty years sojourn among the

of the family have joined the Church. The first was Mormons, she remained a Methodist. Her daughter

Henry J. Doremus, son of Aaltje Zabriskie. He and Maureen married and moved to southern California

his family came first to Nauvoo, and then moved before becoming a member of the Church.

west with the Saints. A daughter, Annie Fairbanks The Zabriskies have been closely associated with

Doremus, married Willard Brigham Richards, son of temple work since its inception. As recorded in Book

Willard Richards. Presentday descendants include B of the Nauvoo Baptisms, Henry and Lewis were

Henry W. Richards, president of Winder Stake, baptized for deceased relatives.

Stephen C. Richards, former president of the Central In mid1963, the 301st year of the Zabriskie family

German Mission, and A. Zabriskie Richards, Salt Lake in the United States, over 600 names of the family

City civil engineer. were cleared by the Genealogical Society. Baptisms

The next known Zabriskie descendant to join the were done in the Salt Lake Temple. Then the list of

Church was Thomas Dobbs, Jr., great grandson of names were divided among all temples except the

Machtelt Zabriskie. He was baptized October 15, 1845, Swiss and London temples, and endowments were

in Connecticut, and he and his family moved to Utah done over a period of several months. Sealings were

in 1860. Descendants include Elwin W. Jensen of performed in the Hawaii Temple, with 65 couples

the Polynesian Department, Genealogical Society. and 219 children having been sealed by March 30,

In early 1948 Evelyn King, a Zabriskie descendant 1965. And so, from around the world the blessings of

born in Bergen County, New Jersey, and her husband, the fulness of the gospel are being offered by the

Arthur Morgan, asked for and received permission to sons to their fathers.

NOVEMBER 1965 967 Our Years Witli Marba BY HELENA W. LARSON

GENERAL SECRETARYTREASURER YWM1A

Marba Cannon Josephson was born March 22, 1897, On the day Marba C. Josephson died, as the news

in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, to Abram Hoaglund of her death spread, my phone rang almost constantly

Cannon, of the Council of the Twelve, and Lillian with people wanting to tell of some thoughtful thing

Hamlin Cannon. She was graduated in 1918 from Marba had done, of their years with her. Most of them

the University of Utah and taught English and said, "I was just waiting for her to get back from history at Nephi High School, Box Elder High School, Europe. I needed her help on something."Or, "I

Gila College (Arizona), and the University of Utah. wanted her advice. Whatever will I do now?"All

She married Newel F. Josephson, April 2, 1925, in of us wondered whatever we would do without her.

the Salt Lake Temple. They had five children—Newel, During the following days the written tributes

Dale, John, Blaine, and Janet—all of whom are living, poured in—letters, poems eulogizing her, expressions

as are her fourteen grandchildren. Since January 1950 of sorrow but also of deep appreciation.

she had been associate managing editor of the Era, At her funeral Elder Richard L. Evans of the

and for thirty years had carried the dual assignment Council of the Twelve stated that during his thirty of the top woman executive in the editorial departyears of association with Marba, he had seldom "gone ment of the magazine and a member of the Young to press"without her advice on his writings and that

Women's Mutual Improvement Association general just that day he had found himself reaching for the board. She held many leading positions in the Church phone to ask her where to find a literary reference

and in civic organizations such as the National League he needed.

of American Pen Women, the United Fund, the Adult How fortunate is each person who knew her, how

Education Council of Greater Salt Lake, the Utah wonderful our years with Marba! Emily H. Bennett,

Press Women (of which she was president), Comwho was a schoolgirl with her, says how delightful munity Welfare Council, Zonta International, and the she was as a teenager, interested in both boys and

Neighborhood House. She taught courses for several girls, helpful to all, so friendly to everyone, such fun

clubs and groups such as the Culture Club. to be with, and a fine student. Yet in her years with

On Monday evening, September 20, 1965, she reMarba, she remembers best Marba's "great fortitude turned from a month's trip through England and and unsurpassed ability to surmount her troubles and

Scotland visiting missions and stake conferences as an difficulties."

official representative of the YWMIA. Tuesday mornMany remember her as a teacher—in high school,

ing she died at her home of a heart attack. college, civic groups, and church organizations. Presi968 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

dent Arza A. Hinckley of the Ensign Stake ( her stake MIA General Board, as the astringent editor of counttold at her funeral of the time he recited a poem very less books published in Utah, or as a delegate to

poorly in the English class she taught: "At the concluinternational women's conferences, Marba was one

sion of the class hour, disappointed with my perforof the best teachers of a generation.

mance, she waited at the door and invited me to stay "... [Her] fame throughout The Church of Jesus

a few moments and visit with her. In that short visit Christ of Latterday Saints and in a dozen other

I received more real courage and desire to achieve important and significant circles, each of which was than I had ever received from any person outside my dedicated to humanity, rested not on a single or own home. She told me that I had it in me to succeed, a dozen written pieces, but on her conduct as a human

that I could do and be what I wanted to do and be, being and her unquenchable zest for living. Certainly

and she built me up to the point where I felt that I she set a magnificent example for those who would could compete with the others in the class. Her become discouraged or who would give up because of

sincerity as she commended you and her advice on staggering and difficult problems."(Deseret News,

doing a better job went deep into the hearts of her September 22, 1965.)

students.... Today she is recognized as an able As a mother, Marba was without a peer and served

writer, a great editorialist, a fine executive and busilonger than most, for she not only mothered her own ness woman, known throughout the world for her four boys and one girl, but before and after her martalents and abilities. I honor her and recognize her, riage she mothered her five stepbrothers and stepas thousands of her students do everywhere, as being sister when both of their parents died. In recent

a great teacher who truly loved us and gave of heryears her mothering extended to her fourteen grandself that each of us might live more abundantly."children. Many weekends and vacations she spent

How well we remember her as a teacher on the caring for them when their parents needed her help.

YWMIA general board. "Quorum"must always be Verda Mae Christensen wrote of her:

pronounced "kworum,"or she would kindly remind us of our error. "Melchizedek"was another word we So seldom does one truly find

learned well. We welcomed her corrections of our This sensitive, discerning mind,

speech, pronunciation, and choice of words, because This courageous conviction, she always knew what was right, and we knew that This measurement of mettle, she corrected us because she loved us. She never This wondrous combination

criticized us except constructively and never belittled Of Einstein and Ma Kettle, or humiliated any of us. This thoroughgoing love of life

Elder S. Dilworth Young wrote the following tribThis triple role of mother, wife,

ute to Marba: And literary giant

That made her welcome everywhere—

Her art was words, A disposition pliant.

Painting endless pictures Year by year, Everyone remembers with such joy Marba's sense

Lifting those who read of humor and her ability to laugh at herself, at life,

To better things. but never at other people, for she would never hurt

Words can crush, or sting, anyone in any way. But she loved to tell tales on

Or bruise. herself such as "The Nightgown."Assigned to visit

Her words healed, Canada in unseasonably cold weather, she suddenly

And built, and decided the night before leaving that she should

Sealed the bond of have a warm nightgown. It was too late to visit a

Love upon the soul. store, but she found some outing flannel. Quickly she

cut two identical lengths, sewed up the sides, which

Many hundreds of articles, poems, and novels have were the entire width of the material, cut out a neck, been written and pictures painted because she took and added sleeves. "It was large enough for three

time to encourage the budding genius of unknowns. people to get into,"she explained. At the border when

A Deseret News editorial written at the time of her the customs official, who had taken out everything death said: "Whether as a high school and later a from everyone else's suitcases to look for smuggled

college faculty member, as associate editor of The goods, opened hers and saw that nightgown on top,

Improvement Era, as lecturer for a dozen study he quickly banged the lid shut. "He knew,"she

groups, as senior member of the Young Women's laughingly recounted, "that ( Continued on page 1028

NOVEMBER 1965 969 (( but first there's something

I have to do—be right back, Gil.

A The first thing Patsy saw when she opened her eyes fcy that her morning was draped over the new formal jv H m chair bed, beside the looking like a wisp of smoky, blue haze in the dim light. She saw the satin slippers

dyed to match. She remembered that tonight was

the Junior Prom, and she had a date with Gilbert

Wardleigh, III, and she wished she were dead!

Why couldn't her sweet dad understand that it would be absolutely fatal for Gil to pick her up here at this cookie cutter of a house on Radoble Street?

Why all of a sudden must he turn into a stiffnecked patriarch?

Last night's scene with Dad came back in all its grim horror. She had modeled the new formal for the

family. The response had been very gratifying, Myra

was eleven, and there was adoration in her eyes. Clay

whistled, which was surprising because Clay was thirteen and the shy one in the family. Skip said, "Not

bad for a girl."Skip was nine and loathed girls. Mom

smiled and held Muffinface who waved her fat arms.

Pride gave a gloss to Dad's rugged face. "I can

hardly wait to see the look on this Gil's face when he sees you in that dress, Kitten."

"Oh, I forgot to tell you."She evaded his eyes. "Gil

:-* -, is picking me up at Joan Barton's house."mr

V chortling,There hadandbeenPatsya silence.could feelEvenDad'sMuffinfaceeyes boringstoppedinto

her heart. Then he said quietly, "Your escort is picking

m**

iifc if

t*y m 1 970 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

you up at your own home, Patsy."standards that protect our youth. And Gil must have

"Oh no, Dad!"She swung around to face him. "It's them, too, or he wouldn't have joined the Church."

too far, and Joan's going to fix my hair, and—""Yes, Dad, but this is our first date, and I must

"And you're ashamed of your home,"Dad said make a good impression! Please, please, just this

sadly. once. Just—"

"Oh, can't you see, Dad—Mom? There's a million "No, Patsy. Not this once. Not ever. Your escort

houses all exactly alike, and—"picks you up here. He meets your family at your own

"We've got a fir tree out on our front lawn,"Skip home, humble as it is—or you don't go to the dance."

said helpfully. She had stormed to bed, and now it was morning,

"Oh, fine! It will be dark, and with the snow and all, and tonight was the moment of truth.

how can anyone see a stupid fir tree!"The horror of She got quietly out of bed so as not to awaken

it all sharpened her voice. "Gil just can't come here. Myra. She washed and dressed. When she passed the

Gil is special. He's lived in Paris and England, and boys'bedroom, she saw tall, skinny Clay waxing the

his parents have a home in Bermuda. He's just living large red toboggan that was leaning against the bedwith his Aunt Phyllis this year because his parents are room wall, and she remembered that tonight was the

touring the Orient."It was some kind of miracle that moment of truth for Clay, too.

Gil had asked her, of all the girls at Lincoln High, for She saw the hopeful look on Clay's face, and love a date when every girl in school was crazy over him. for Clay made her feel all tender and weepy. Clay

"Gil's an only child, and he isn't used to a million kids was so sweet, so gentle, yet so lacking in selfswarming all over!"confidence that he had never been one of the crowd.

"There're only four of us, Patsy,"Clay reminded her. But tonight the stake Mutual was having a toboggan

"Patsy!"Dad's tone stopped her tirade. "I haven't race. It was a yearly event, and last fall Dad and Clay

been to Europe, and I've never toured the Orient. I'm had built this toboggan with a specially curved front

just a meter reader for the power company, but I to cut down wind resistance.

know that a boy doesn't respect a girl he can pick Tonight was the race on The Hill two blocks away.

up just anywhere. We have certain standards—"If Clay could win the race, they all hoped it would

"Standards!"give him confidence, and then he would get over

"Yes,"Dad said proudly. "Standards. High moral his shyness and take an ( Continued on page 1030

\\9PpiJ*%&8 S A

i v i r

L-s

BY MARY EK KNOWLES

NOVEMBER I96S 971 Jo talk much and arrive nowhere is the same as climbing a tree to catch a fish.—OLD CHINESE PROVERB

Let's Our

"s*

teaching

CONDUCTED W. BY KENNETH GODFREY SCHOOLBY SYSTEMTHE DIRECTOR CHURCH RELIGION FORMER INSTITUTE OF

A story is told in educational circles about a little as well. It is hoped that the ensuing suggestions will

boy attending an elementary school. As the year prohelp the teacher set the stage for greater learning.

gressed it became obvious that this boy did not First of all it should be recognized that organizing bathe at regular intervals. Finally the problem became a lesson is not a complex task. But it is far more comso bad that the teacher sent home a note with the boy plex than just taking the manual to class and reading

asking his mother to remedy the condition. The next the lesson aloud.

day, much to the dismay of the teacher, it was apErnest M. Ligon points out that in character educaparent that the mother had not followed the advice. tion there are five steps in learning. These are exUpon entering the room the boy handed the teacher posure, repetition, understanding, conviction, and

a note. Unfolding the paper she read: "Jormny ain't application. 1 Too many teachers expose students "to

no rose, don't smell him; learn him."the material and then leave the classroom thinking

It is a wellknown fact that teaching has not been they have taught. Exposure is, of course, important,

done unless learning takes place. What really counts but if the teacher is to change the student so that he

is that this is accomplished. Methods and procedures reacts positively toward the good, then the other steps

are of secondary importance. However, properly in the learning process must be followed.

planned lessons affect not only teaching but learning Next to proper exposure, repetition at frequent

972 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

intervals is necessary if learning is to take place. This Mormon Battalion, or Abraham in Ur of the Chaldees?

step in learning will be adequately accomplished if What value can such knowledge have for them today?

the teacher frequently reviews previous lessons. SpeStudents may admit that their attention was obtained

cific reminders from week to week are also helpful if with the first sentence or introduction, but in the cold students are to remember permanently the concepts light of the second thought, they may also ask, "Why taught. bring the subject up anyway?"The second section of

The third step, understanding, must be tied in with the lesson must meet this objection squarely. The

the maturity, experience, insight, and creative thinking teacher must "build a bridge from the heart of the of the individual student. Student feedback through student to the topic at hand."6 A teacher should not

discussions will aid the teacher in determining whether always say, "We are studying the Book of Mormon or not students have really understood the lesson. because it is scripture."Students must be brought to

In the fourth step the student must become perthe realization that scripture can have meaning in their manently involved in what the teacher is trying to lives today and can help them adjust to life and obtain teach. a happier earthly existence as well as exaltation in the

Finally, teaching is not complete unless the lesson life to come.

affects the student in his daily life. According to The third step in lesson planning assumes that the

Elder Paul H. Dunn and Cherie Parker, student inteacher has introduced his lesson in a most stimulating

volvement comes when the student plays the role manner and has justified the lesson he is about to of a participant and not a spectator, when he feels teach. Next comes the "For instance"part or body of

that he is learning and not being entertained, and the lesson plan. This part must be keyed to the relentwhen he is personally involved and not just informed. 2 less student demand: "For instance."7 The teacher

As teachers plan lessons they should keep the above must be ready to present examples and detailed inpoints in mind. There should be a systematic approach formation related to the material that is to be taught.

developed so that the five steps in learning are Teachers should remember as they prepare this part achieved. of their lesson fhat students should be taught first

A formula for planning lessons that can be written what they must know, second what they should know, on a teacher's thumbnail might be called the "Ho and third, if there is time left, what it would be nice hum,""Why bring that up?""For instance,"and the to know.

"So what?"method. 3 The end of a good lesson, like a pencil, must have

In the first or "Ho hum"step of lesson planning, a point. The conclusion should be like a graceful

the teacher should realize that in order to be a success leavetaking. It should answer the question, "So what?"

he must "set fire"to his students. As the teacher plans If the lesson has been on tithing, the conclusion should

each lesson, he should picture his students sitting in be so well done that the nontithepayers will go to their chairs yawning and saying quietly, "Ho hum."the bishop and pay their tithing. The conclusion

The class never should be pictured as eagerly waiting should stimulate students to join, contribute, vote, with bated breath to catch the message. 4 The teacher write, live, or love. Just talking will not achieve the

should get into the lesson in a way that will arouse or desired goal. An old Chinese proverb says, "To talk

catch student interest. This might be done by using a much and arrive nowhere is the same as climbing a

story, a problem, a joke, an object, or a scripture. tree to catch a fish."The student must be motivated

Richard Borden says that the first sentence of your to a positive reaction by the lesson. He should, in the

lesson, "like the varmints who bite the dust in the words of Dr. Ligon, "apply it to life."When the

opening scene of a western thriller, must crash through teacher has inspired this, he can smile and go home your audience's initial apathy."5 The teacher must contented. (For an hour or so, that is—then he

light a fire. should begin to study for next week's lesson.)

In the "Why bring that up?"stage of lesson plan- A few years ago the writer came across ten rules

ning, the teacher should attempt to justify the that teachers would do well to keep in mind as they material to be covered. Why should students worry prepare their lessons. In substance, they are as follows:

about the Mormons in Kirtland, the march of the 1. I will.never teach students anything they will

have to unlearn—for example, a specific age for the

it. iErnest M. Ligon, A Greater Generation (New York: The earth. The important thing is, God created

Macmillan Company, 1960). 2. I will learn to say, "I do not know."This is esParker, You and Cherie 2Paul H. Dunn Too Can Teach pecially appropriate when asked where the ten tribes Inc., City: Bookcraft, (Salt pp. 142143. 1962), Lake

3Richard Borden, How to Communicate Ideas (Montclair, are or similar questions.

New Jersey: Economics Press, Inc.), pp. 1-2. 3. I will memorize and ( Continued on page 1038 Idem.

NOVEMBER 1965 973 Unfortunately, there has been no disagreement or debate about the

Book of Mormon among those qualified to undertake a comparative investigation, but only a mute agreement to ignore.

gmmm SINCE

The Bible, the Scrolls, and the Book of Mormon—

a Problem of Three Bodies

Whenever an important document of the past is discovered, students immediately begin comparing it with every other document that might conceivably have any connection with it. This is not

necessarily wishful thinking or "parallelomania"; it is the only way

by which an unknown work can be assigned a likely place among the records of the race. "From the most

diverse scientific areas,"writes

DupontSommer of the Dead Sea Scrolls, "studies are beginning to accumulate and converge ever closer towards the solution of the comparative problem."1 Recently

this writer called attention to a large number of resemblances between the community of Qumran and an ancient religious society described by certain commentators on the Koran. Whether the parallels are significant or not remains

to be seen, but the writer was entirely within his rights in calling attention to them. 2 It is also entirely

in order for him to point out resemblances between the Book of Mormon and other religious writings:

lifF Uk, THE IMPROVEMENT ERA \A M..fr!Wi\W///'7.-71SBEE

CUMORAH

NEW VOICES FROM THE DUST i,. 10H.

BRIGHAM - rYOUNG UNIVERSITY

whatever may be the true explanastances that has been necessary to Actually the new documentary tion of those resemblances, nothing bring presentday students to a finds are a blow to conventional is to be learned unless the comserious consideration of hundreds Christianity, which, as Stendahl parisons are actually made. of valuable and neglected apocrypoints out, takes the position of the

Taxonomists have a notoriously phal writings, the neglect of the famous heretic Marcion: "He

hard time seeing eye to eye, and Book of Mormon should be anywanted Christianity to be a new what Yadin wrote eight years ago thing but a surprise. religion, fust as it is to us. Whereas

still applies: "Any attempt at this Persistent denial has only called the New Testament sees Jesus as

stage of research to identify the attention to the fact that vested inthe fulfilment of prophecies, we are

Dead Sea sect with any other sect terests have influenced the study of apt to see him as the founder of of the time is more likely to be the Scrolls from the first and that a new religion.... Our pattern of

based on assumptions than on their discovery has not been greeted thought is that of natural science:

facts"; but one thing we can be sure, with cries of unalloyed delight by Jesus is the inventor of Christianity

that "the commonplaces of scholarChristian and Jewish scholars. "It is and the church is the guardian of

ship are up for reexamination in as a potential threat to Christianity, his patent and copyright. In the

the light of the new material ofits claims and its doctrines, that the New Testament the major concern fered by the scrolls."3 And one of Scrolls have caught the imagination is the diametrically opposite one:

those commonplaces, long accepted of laymen and clergy,"wrote K. to make clear that all is 'old,'in

but completely untested, has been Stendahl/ It is not surprising that accordance with the expectations of the status of the Book of Mormon. the Russians forthwith put forth the prophets."8 If this fact had

"Scholars may disagree violently the claim "that the Qumran disbeen recognized, all the fuss and with each other's interpretations,"coveries conclusively prove that alarm about the threat to the writes F. F. Bruce, "and engage Jesus never lived."6 But it is some- "originality"of Christ (especially

vigorously in debate; far more progwhat disturbing that after the Rusamong Catholic scholars) would

ress will be achieved in this way sians have seen their error and have been unnecessary. "If Dupontthan by a mute agreement to difchanged their position, our AmeriSommer is correct in this approach,"

fer."4 Unfortunately, there has been can intellectuals still accept Edwrote R. K. Harrison, who felt on

no disagreement or debate about mund Wilson's verdict "that the the whole that he was correct, "the the Book of Mormon among those rise of Christianity should, at very foundations of the Christian qualified to undertake a comparalast, be generally understood as faith might well be shaken by the tive investigation, but only a mute simply an episode of human history realization that a hitherto unknown agreement to ignore: the apotrorather than propagated as dogma preChristian Jewish religious compaic power of its title page has been and divine revelation."7 That "at munity had possessed similar beinsurmountable. But in view of the last"clearly announces the vindicaliefs and practices. On such a view

wonderful combination of circumtion of a preconceived notion. (Continued on following page)

NOVEMBER 196S S7S Since Cumordh mon rites and ordinances such as In the Book of Mormon we have (Continued from preceding page) baptism and the sacrament, com- a pious church of anticipation bemon ideas about the Messiah, comfore the coming of the Lord and

Christianity would have to abanmon usages and expressions such a Christian church after his comdon its claim to uniqueness."9 as reference to the community as ing, and the differences between

But the Christian scriptures make "the Poor,"a peculiar and common the two are very like those beno such claim to uniqueness, as method of interpreting the scriptween the two Old World bodies.

Stendahl reminds us, and the Christures. 12 The points of difference, Why shouldn't the people of Qumtian doctors should have known on the other hand, are harder to ran think of the Messiah differbetter since, as Bruce observes, "it find and easier to refute, since they ently? For them he was in very

has long been known that some almost invariably rest on the indideed still to come, while the Chriskind of parallel can be found in vidual scholar's interpretation of tians necessarily saw him in a difthe Talmud to practically every elewhat Christianity should be; the ferent light. 14 The chief argument

ment in the ethical teaching of principal items are the differing of those who would deny any sigJesus."10 The men in the seminaries attitudes of the two societies to nificant resemblance between the

have known for years about all two churches is that the former kinds of such parallels, but they REMEMBERING lived entirely in anticipation while have never made "a thorough atBY SOLVE1G PAULSON RUSSELL. the latter lived in fulfilment. But

tempt to come to grips with the Stendahl has shown in detail that basic problem of what such paralToday I'm thinking backward the Christians were if anything lels actually mean"; instead they To lovely things I've seen: more engrossed in anticipation than

have been quietly swept under the The rosy fire of sunsets, even the people of Qumran had rug, with the result, as Stendahl Gold daffodih in green, been; for them the Messiah had

shyly, peeping A violet indeed, but come he was to comenotes, that the Christian world was in flight, butterfly A again, of prophecies and the the to receive prepared"badly the good myriads diamond stars And of news from the Qumran Scrolls."11 Pinned to the hood of night. gathering and final redemption of

And it is precisely on these presupIsrael still awaited fulfilment. 15

positions, in particular that of the I'm thinking back to springtime Of all the experts none is more determined to deny or at leastabsolute uniqueness of the New AndI'm thinkingthe brightnessback toof summerthe air.

Testament and the finality of the And the autumn's crimson flair. minimize any connection whataccepted scripture, that all criti- I'm cataloguing beauty ever between the Scrolls and the

cism of the Book of Mormon has Of winter's snowy calm New Testament than is A. R. C.

been based in the past. The new And lifting up my thankful heart Leaney. Yet even he concedes that

discoveries thus cut the ground In a thanksgiving psalm. the Christians did borrow one imaway from all such criticism. portant thing directly from QumWe need not discuss the various the priesthood, the contrast beran. That was their scriptural

points of resemblance between the tween the "oncefor-all baptism"of exegesis, "the interpretation of

New Testament and the Dead Sea the Christians and the washings of contemporary events in the light

Scrolls, every one of which has the Essenes, the difference between of prophecy through a typological been warmly defended by some the behavior of John the Baptist or allegorical method,"a method experts and just as warmly disputed and the Qumran sectaries, the difnot to be confused with that of by others. They include such things ferent attitudes towards sinners in the schools but peculiar to these

as the presence in both communithe two churches, and above all the people alone, "arising out of the ties—Christian and preChristian—concept of the Messiah as one who desire to see prophecy fulfilled in

of a hierarchical organization inis to come at Qumran but for the contemporary events."16 Along with

cluding a council of twelve and its Christians has already arrived. 13 this goes the use of "prooftexts"

presidency of three, the belief in These objections ( all of which have by which all the ancient prophets continuing revelation and the leadbeen refuted) all rest on the basic are called upon to explain a present ership of inspired prophetic men, fallacy that we know all there is doctrine or situation, another pethe idea of the restoration of the to know about both societies, culiar custom: "It is evident that

covenant to the elect of Israel, the whereas the very purpose of studythe Qumran community was using dualistic doctrine of the world as a ing the Scrolls is to learn more many of the Christian church's place of probation in which all are about both. But aside from that, prooftexts before the Christians

confronted by both good and evil isn't the difference just what one used them."17 Though this was not

and obliged to make a choice, comwould expect? known until the discovery of the

976 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Scrolls, we have in the Book of comment. (2) These people, like (7) In both the Book of Mormon

Mormon the most lavish use of those at Qumran, have a passion and the Dead Sea Scrolls, the pe- "prooftexts"along with "the infor writing and reading which culiar and until now quite unfaterpretation of contemporary events seems to be a longstanding family miliar concept of a "church of in the light of prophecy,"a usage tradition; they make records of anticipation"is very conspicuous.

first mentioned by Nephi, who as everything, and (3) they know of (8) The religious communities in he preached to his own community an ancient tradition of the sealing both hemispheres strove to keep in the desert "did liken all scripture up and burying of holy books in the Law of Moses in all its perfecunto us, that it might be for our time of danger, to come forth "in tion and were cool towards "the profit and learning."(1 Nephi their purity"at a later time. (4) Jews in Jerusalem"who they felt

19:23.) They themselves engage in the had been false to the covenant by

If nothing else, then, the Dead practice, in which they even emtheir worldliness. (9) They felt

Sea Scrolls—by throwing wide the ploy for their most valuable recthemselves in both cases to be the

door to possibilities that no scholar ords copper and gold sheets on real elect of God, the true Israel, until now would even consider and which they laboriously engrave chosen to prepare the way for the by removing the classical obstacles coming of the Messiah. (10) Spethat have always barred the laycifically, they both think of themANNIVERSARY-FORTYSEVENTH selves as Israel in the wildernessman from viewing the Book of

Mormon with respect, namely the BY ANNIE K. WILSON and consciously preserve the camp

myth that the scriptures as we have life of the desert. (11) Both have

them are complete and perfect for Fortyseven years ago suffered persecution and expect to the words that made us suffer more, being repeatedly reall time and that the world already We spoke wife; and man quired to seek refuge by moving unreal. it seemsknows everything essential about And now

the ancient people of God—have Already we have spent a normal from one place to another. (12)

set the stage for more thorough and lifeBoth societies are under the leaderserious study of the Book of MorMoved to town and now returned ship of inspired men (designated in both traditions as "stars")—mon than it has yet received. A To buildfirst one.the third house near the

summary of some of the important Although old age has lost some prophets and martyrs (13) whose points of agreement between that thrills main message is the coming of the work and the writings from the And longrange planning now is Messiah and (14) whose exhortaDead Sea as we have noted them done, tion is to "righteousness"and reThe heartaches and the tears are pentance—Israel must turn awaythrough the years will indicate

few, from her sins and return to thewhat a vast field is opening out. For each has changed the I for You.

covenant. (15) In both cases a

A Recapitulation sign of the return to the covenant their message in a cramped and and to purity was baptism with,

Since it is normal procedure to abbreviated script. (5) Both peowater.

list parallels between Qumran and ples apply all the scriptures to (16) Both societies were headed this or that book or society, and themselves in a special way and by twelve chiefs from whom were chosen presidency a special of paralsignificance of such thesince tire never disof presenting and three, 19 and were formed ( 17 ) both theirlels is greatly by enhanced cussing "prooftexts."Both (6)

cumulative effect, the following list societies held a peculiarly "openinto groups of fifty for instructional needs no apology or explanation. ended"view of scriptures and and administrative purposes, each

direction group of being the under all, of the First of Book Morrevelation of of canon no and knew ( 1 ) 20 priest; for in societies a both (18) of pious a group with opens the Old Testament accepted butmon

r still rethe old priesthood wasseparatists moving Jerusalem the from as inspired writApocrypha into the refuge of the Judaean wilings. 18 This appears commonplace spected and the leaders had to be

derness in the hopes of making a today, but we must remember that legitimate priests. (19) In both

permanent settlement where they this attitude to the scriptures societies the chief priest or leader could live their religion in its purity has been quite alien to convenof the whole church traveled about free from the persecution of "the tional Christian and Jewish thinkamong the congregations giving inJews at Jerusalem."This we pointing and has been the one aspect structions and exhortations. (20)

ed out in Lehi in the Desert before of the Book of Mormon which has Both societies were secret and exthe publication of any of the Dead been most loudly denounced and clusive but would admit to memSea Scrolls. The parallel needs no ridiculed for over a century. (Continued on page 1013)

NOVEMBER 1969 977 been there it seemed to us, and indeed she had

there she always was, as though she had put downGive Us This Day comeBut long ago when Mamma was still a child.

BY JOY LAMOREAUX FREI roots with the sego lilies when they first bloomed on the hills.

The early morning sun was already hot, I was a child then, and a child cannot be and the red cliffs to the north of St. George blazed. deceived when it comes to love. I knew that she,

I woke to hear Miss Conklin's hoe. I sat in the iron bed stayed because she loved us. We weren't

and rested my chin on my knees and peered through of her fold, but we were all her sheep.

our shaded yard to see her oldness twitch as "Today's Miss Conklin's birthday,"Mamma the hoe struck the earth. might say. "Would you like to go and see her

She was always up before we woke. In the a little while?"And I would cross the

summer she was there waging war with the desert street to wait at the door for her hand for her roses, and in the darkest winter mornings I in mine, and her short self above me, leading could look to see her light warming the windows. me to a rocking chair. It was her birthday,

"I like to see the sunrise,"she said simply. but she told me stories about Jesus, and

But while we were sitting at breakfast, she removed enveloped me with the delicious her enormous straw hat, pinned more securely a sweetness of the love he had for me, gray bun of hair and, leaving little swirls of red and always I knew that she must love dust behind, entered her church. me very much also. Perhaps she

It was the only steepled church in our little townwould tell me of her illness trie only one that could boast a real bell and bats when she had whispered all the in the belfry, the only one that knew the Psalms to herself, easing the companionship of a wispy little woman who tended pain, or of the hen that its floors and dusted the yellow organ keys. covered her chicks with her

"I don't know why she stays here,"people would wings when the barn burned say. "She's the only Presbyterian in town. She down, and how Jesus'love was

knows she'll never convert any Mormons."like that. And all her stories

None of us children knew where Miss Conklin I absorbed in my pliable came from or that she had come to "do whatever her little soul.

hands found to $"0Wr church; she had always On Sabbath afternoons, after Sunday dinner, Mjs,s

mm

S.J

A f

fi jmj&*a? wife/if "%. ym M

% * i "4

JP"v.W*w

Conklin held worship services. Usually I was there.

Often I was the only one. But Miss Conklin passed

a hymnbook just the same and announced the hymn as though I were a congregation. She pumped

the organ with all her might, singing spiritedly, "Rock of Ages, cleft for me,"for all the town and heaven to hear. I loved to sit in the little churchit was dark and quiet, and the stained glass windows

were the way she made me feel when I was thereall lovely and warm and shining. "Cast your

bread upon the waters,"she would say, smiling through her spectacles, "and it will come back to you, "If.;- # toasted and buttered."

"Cast your bread upon the waters,"she said. And

on Christmas eve the town that loved her gathered in her church, where beneath the tree was a gift r forchurcheverydidchild.not matter;That theythatwerethe notChristmembersChild of her

loved them was quite enough. The potbellied stove

seemed so glowing then, and the bell tolled the news of Christ's rebirth so majestically! And how full

of old and patient devotion was her kiss for every child those Christmas eves, as her wrinkled, yellowed hands cradled every little face as though it were the Babe's own!

"It will come back to you toasted and buttered,"she said. But when the bread she cast returned

to her, she broke and gave it again. That she

gave to me is still warm, and so long as I have memory

I will love that woman for the bread of life she shared with me.

\)K iV

mJ5ngm i?8SeK

WHAT DO YOU DO

DURING INTERMISSION?

BY MARGARET MAXWELL

Most of us have had the experience of going to a for it? Are we marking time "until the children are

play, a concert, or an athletic Contest and sitting older,""until next week (or month, or year),""until through an intermission. What do people generally do my husband retires,"or until some other time when we

during such empty periods of waiting for the main are really going to manage to do all the things we've event to continue? A lot of people get up, go out of planned?

the auditorium, stretch their legs, get a drink, talk to But time is rarely marked off in large blocks of friends; others simply sit and wait. In most cases, freedom for big projects. The scrapbook we want to

it's a pretty profitless interlude of time. keep of family activities, the genealogy we should

Our lives are full of intermissions, short or long start, the reading we are going to do as soon as we periods of time between exciting or pressing activihave more time must be fitted somehow into the ties, in which things go along in a quiet routine and short intermissions from activity that all of us have in which we may find that we have a few minutes almost every day.

with nothing that has to be done. What do we do What are your "someday"projects? Make a list

with these time bonuses? Most of us, when conof them, either mentally or on paper, and decide on

fronted with a Sunday School or MIA lesson that must one that you will start the next time you have even be presented the next day, a meal that must be as few as ten minutes to spare. Don't plan to finish

prepared by 5:30 because our family will be home at your project at once, but break it down into small

that time, or a house that must be cleaned by afterparts that can be worked on a little at a time. And

noon in anticipation of guests, can galvanize ourplan for unexpected "intermissions."Get into the

selves into action and get the job done. But are we habit of slipping a pocketsized book or some handself-starters when we do not have a deadline to meet? work into your purse so that you will have it with

How much of our lives slips from our grasp in a you when you find that you must wait for a friend, trickle of "intermissions,"fifteen minutes of waiting for a business appointment, or for a bus. Even those

in the dentist's office for an appointment, an hour in of us who are busiest will find that by organizing the morning of aimless visiting or telephone chatter, our activities, we can turn our "intermissions"into an afternoon suddenly gone with nothing to show purposeful periods of lifetime enrichment.

980 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA s>* Oil Signs ofthe

Pavilion 9811012Jesus Christ "Mormon"Saints. fromof LatterdaythePicturesTheWorld'sChurchpages.Fair, of Copyright permission.New Yorkof 1965. Reproduced by

NOVEMBER 1965 981

Revelation BY DOYLE L. GREEN

MANAGING EDITOR

Communication between God and his "Surely the Lord God will do nothing, chosen representatives here on earth has but he revealeth his secret unto his servants always been a mark of his true Church. The the prophets."(Amos 3:7.) And Solomon

Lord walked and talked with Adam in the emphasized it when he said:

Garden of Eden and directed the activities "Where there is no vision, the people of his people through his prophets down perish:..."(Prov. 29:18.)

through the ages of the Old Testament. Even the Lord Jesus the Christ continuEnoch, Noah, Abraham, Jacob, Moses, ally sought and received guidance from

David, Isaiah, Daniel, Malachi, in fact, all his Father. On two occasions God spoke

of the Old Testament prophets were guided from, the heavens testifying of and giving by him. support to his Son, declaring at his baptism

The Prophet Amos expressed this great and again on the Mount of Transfiguration truth when he wrote: "This is my beloved Son, in whom I am

9aa THE IMPROVEMENT ERA John on Patmos prophesies things to come:

"And I saw another angel... having the everlasting

gospel to preach unto them that dwell on the earth...."

(Rev. 14:6.)

well pleased."(Matt. 3:17; 17:5.) earth, God has guided his work through his

For a period of time following the death prophets.

of Jesus, during the era covered by the A Book of Mormon prophet, Moroni, declosing books of the New Testament, the clared, "And again I speak unto you who

Lord continued to reveal his will to man. deny the revelations of God, and say that

He guided the eleven apostles in the selecthey are done away, that there are no revetion of a new member of the quorum; he lations, nor prophecies,...

spoke to Saul near Damascus; he sent the "Behold I say unto you, he that denieth

promised Holy Ghost to be a comfort and these things knoweth not the gospel of a revelator to his people; he revealed many Christ;...

truths to John on the Isle of Patmos. "For do we not read that God is the same

The evidence is clear. In all dispensations yesterday, today, and forever, and in him

when the true gospel has been upon the there is no variableness neither shadow of

NOVEMBER 1065 983

changing?"(Mormon 9:7-9.) away even that which they have."(2 Nephi

The Prophet Nephi wrote, "Wo be unto 28:2930.)

him that shall say: We have received the Jesus declared to Peter that it was the

word of God, and we need no more of rock of revelation upon which he would the word of God, for we have enough build his Church. (See Matt. 16:1718.)

"For behold, thus saith the Lord God: I The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday

will give unto the children of men line upon Saints was established by revelation. To the

line, precept upon precept, here a little and boy Joseph Smith, in answer to earnest there a little; and blessed are those who prayer, God revealed himself and his Behearken unto my precepts, and lend an ear loved Son. In the years that followed this

unto my counsel, for they shall learn wismarvelous vision, Joseph Smith received dom; for unto him that receiveth I will constant direction and counsel, not only

give more; and from them that shall say, through inspiration, but also through the

We have enough, from them shall be taken direct visitation of other heavenly messen984 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA gers. Through him the glorious truths of commentator to say that the most importhe gospel in their fulness and purity were tant message that could be broadcast to the

restored. world today would be that God has spoken

But if the fulness of the gospel was reagain to man.

stored to the Prophet Joseph Smith, is Would a just and loving God abandon revelation still necessary? his children at what may be the most critical

Perhaps there never has been a time when period in the history of the world?

help and guidance from God was more The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday needed than it is in our harried and troubled Saints testifies to all peoples that revelation era. World tensions are multiplying. Family has not ceased, that the heavens are not

ties are weakening. Each day it appears closed, that the Lord has revealed himself

more and more evident that man is bent to man in our day, that his true Church is upon destroying himself. Perhaps this is upon the earth, and that he is directing it

what prompted a nationally known news through living prophets.

The Lord speaks to Saul near Damascus:

LDS... and suddenly there shined round

about him a light from heaven:

... and [he] heard a voice saying...,

Saul, Saul, why persecutest thou me?"

(Acts 9:3-4.)

NOVEMBER 106B 985

Let us briefly examine a few of the eviand to protect them from the evils of the dences public dole.

Enemies of the Prophet Joseph Smith Having been instructed by the Lord on thought his death would bring an end to the need for education, church leaders esthe Church. So he was killed by a ruthless tablished schools, universities, and in later

mob. Members of the Church were driven years seminaries and institutes of religion,

from their homes. Many thought they would Utah has been rated first in accomplishment

perish in the wilderness. But because of the in education while being 32nd in its ability

inspired leadership of another prophet, to support education.

Brigham Young, the man the Lord had preToday, undeniable scientific research tells pared to succeed the Prophet Joseph Smith, of the dangers and evils of cigarets. For

the exiles traveled by wagon and handcart over 130 years the Church has been teaching some thirteen hundred miles over unfriendly the revealed word of God—that tobacco is

plain and prairie to seek asylum in the valnot good for man.

leys of the Rocky Mountains. Today, we are gravely concerned with the

They went into a desert land that no one evils of communism. From the beginning

else seemed to want, and their prophetof the reestablishment of the Church, leadleader stood fast against pleas of some to ers have taught that we must guard zealcontinue on to the lush lands of California, ously against anything that would take saying that he had seen the Valley of the away our Godgiven freedom.

Great Salt Lake in vision a year or more As conditions developed that brought before he entered it. about more leisure time and temptations for

When the ground proved to be too hard young people, church leaders were inspired and dry for planting their seed, the pioneers to organize an activity program for youth turned water from the mountain streams that is the marvel of all who become acupon it, beginning modern irrigation in quainted with it.

America. As changing conditions threatened the

When a plague of crickets threatened solidarity and the sanctity of the home, their crops, sea gulls were provided to deleaders instituted a churchwide weekly stroy them: as much a miracle as were any family home evening program. President

experienced by ancient Israel. David 0. McKay recently emphasized the

In their mountain home the pioneers sufimportance of this when he said, "No other fered Indian raids, hunger, drought, pestisuccess can compensate for failure in the lence, and every manner of hardships. But home."(The Improvement Era, June 1964,

they survived. And under inspired leaders Vol. 67, p. 445.)

a thriving empire was carved out of the Many have wondered about the vigor desert wilderness. Of this Brigham Young and vitality of The Church of Jesus Christ

said: "I do not wish men to understand of Latterday Saints. One writer recently

I had anything to do with our being moved commented about "its curious talent for here, that was the providence of the Aladapting to modern conditions without mighty;..."(Journal of Discourses, 4, 41.) altering its first principles."

As industry replaced the farm, with reThe answer is revelation—revelation to

sultant periods of unemployment and dethe prophet of the Church for the directing pression, church leaders were inspired to of the Church—revelation to individual

establish a great welfare program to help members for guidance in their own lives, take care of needy members of the Church Revelation is a mark of God's true Church.

986 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA /<s!f\v

Angel appears in Temple to Zacharias:

'And there appeared unto [Zacharias] an angel standing on the right side of the altar [of the temple], (Luke 1:11.)

NOVEMBER 1965 987

BY BECKI DAVIS

EDITORIAL ASSOCIATE

The mission of Christ's mortal life was to that he might send them forth to preach."

offer immortal life to mankind. Through (Mark 3:14.) Also, "Then he called his

crucifixion and resurrection, he shattered twelve disciples together, and gave them the barrier of death which blocked the pathpower and authority.... And he sent them

way to immortality. In a three years'minto preach the kingdom of God,..."(Luke

istry among common people, he showed men 9:1-2.)

the way to live to traverse that pathway. He Scripture gives us further knowledge of

performed his work with divine power and the orderly manner in which Christ set up authority. his kingdom, with divine authority given to

And when his short mortal mission was continue his work after his departure from finished, he left carefully selected men to the earth. He organized a church (Matt. 16

continue his work. (John 15:16.) But he 1819) of which he was the head (Eph. 5:

did not leave these men with only mortal 23), and he appointed officers, headed by power and authority to perpetuate an imthe apostles, with specific duties to perform.

mortal work. (Mark 16:15; Luke 6:1216; Eph. 4:1114;

The scriptures tell us: "And he ordained John 21:1517.)

twelve, that they should be with him, and Part of the commission of the apostles

988 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Paul, the apostle, instructs Timothy.

"If a man desire the office of a bishop, he desireth a good work/'(1 Tim. 3:1.)

was to be special witnesses of Christ. Most commission. (See 1 and 2 Cor., 1 and 2

Christians have understood this to mean Tim., Col., and Gal.)

that the apostles were the only special witThrough New Testament scriptures, we nesses because they had known Christ in see that Christ gave his apostles divine aumortality and that following their deaths thority and the commission to preside over there would be no more. The apostles themthe Church on this earth.

selves, however, did not have this underBy comparison, we also can observe that standing. They knew that their numbers the Christian church—actually churches

should be perpetuated through men chosen has changed in organization since that day.

with the guidance of the Lord as vacancies And since this is so, it is important to ask occurred. One of their first acts was to What happened to the authority by which

choose Matthias as the apostle to take Judas'the organization operated?

place. (Acts 1:2226.) And though we do The authority of the Church is adminisnot have record of their selection, Barnabas tered through the power of the priesthood.

and Paul are referred to as apostles in Acts And the priesthood, defined most simply, is 14:14. In the salutations of Paul's epistles, the power given to man to act in the name

he introduces himself as an apostle of divine of and in behalf of God in righteousness.

NOVEMBER 1965 989 The priesthood will be lost to a man or orwho took the responsibility for appointing ganization when it is not used in compliance officers of the church. We see bishops comwith the will of God and in righteousness. peting over the relative importance of their

offices, until'one becomes the head of the When this occurs, apostasy—of the indichurch, replacing the apostles. We see devidual or of the whole—occurs.

If we examine Christian history through bates and councils over basic doctrine which the period after the death of the apostles, should have been the subject of inspiration we should find evidence of whether or not and revelation. And, most important, we

the leaders of the church had the power of know that men did not have revelation bethe priesthood, were guided by revelation cause they denied it themselves, claiming and inspiration, and were divinely recogthat the need for it had ceased. This is an

nized as heads of Christ's Church on earth. important sign that the Lord had withUnfortunately, such a careful, prayerful drawn his authority from the church. Men

examination shows us some distressing who were receiving guidance and instrucfacts. For example, we see the church betions from the Lord, as had the Twelve

come a political expediency, headed by a Apostles, would surely not deny the need man who himself was not a Christian, yet for such revelation.

Eventually righteous men began to quespower which came to dwell within a man tion abuses within the church. Thus came when he became a "believer."It is most

the Reformation, an attempt to reform the important to note that the Reformers did church from within. When these attempts not claim divine restoration of authority.

were thwarted, the Reformers turned outFor reformation is not restoration. Good

side the church and started new religious intentions could not restore lost divine auorganizations. thority to any church until it was given by

Now they had to deal with the question the Lord.

of authority. The mother church claimed to And, then, it was given by the Lord.

have authority passed in an unbroken line From the First Vision on, Joseph Smith's from Peter. If this were true, and if that authority for the truths he taught was alauthority were still intact, the Reformers ways divine. The power of the priesthood

were left without a foundation upon which was bestowed on him and Oliver Cowdery in to build their churches. The only possible 1829 by John the Baptist, who had been auways to handle this dilemma all naturally thorized to restore the Aaronic Priesthood

tended to diminish the need for divine auto the earth. So Joseph and Oliver received

thority. To some the priesthood became a the lesser priesthood in the same manner

After the death of the Apostle Judas, the eleven who were left sought and received divine guidance to fill 'vacancy* J*-**—0k e

( i They chose m&{ A * \ Matthias. 7 |\

I Jf kJ3 L \ %

tiW 991 in which it was given in Christ's lifetime given by the prophet who previously held it his mortal life. Reviewed briefly, and throughout the Old Testament—a man during

who had the authority and had been comMoses committed the keys of the gathering missioned to do so ordained them by the of Israel, Elias committed the power of the laying on of hands. gospel of Abraham, and Elijah conferred

Shortly after this the higher or Melkeys necessary for salvation for the dead chizedek Priesthood was restored in the temple work and genealogy. (D&C 110.)

same pattern. The messengers this time Since the beginnings of the Church, the

were Peter, James, and John. Like John the priesthood has been passed on in an orderly

Baptist, they were passing on, through the and authorized manner. The keys of the dislaying on of hands, the same powers which pensation have been passed to the prophets

they had received during their earthly lives. who have headed the Church. And the Lord

Before the Church was organized on has guided the Church by revelation and

April 6, 1830, the Lord gave revelations to inspiration, showing that he has continued

Joseph Smith, instructing him carefully to recognize the authority by which it was about its organization and the delegation of established.

responsibilities and powers, including the The Church today, with President David appointment of a council of twelve apostles. 0. McKay presiding over its worldwide

(D&C 18 and 20.) membership, is as much the Church of

Specific "keys"or powers for particular Christ, and in exactly the same manner, as responsibilities of this dispensation were the Church of Judean, Roman, and Grecian conferred upon Joseph Smith in the KirtSaints in the Mediterranean world over land Temple in April 1836. Each key was which Peter presided.

Elders ordained in every church:

"And when they had ordained them elders in every church,... they commended "them to the Lord,..

(Acts 14:23.)

992 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Seventies sent out to preach the gospel

After Jesus had commissioned his apostles, he "appointed other seventy also, and sent them two and two before his

I \A/\s\s

(Luke 10:1.)

OrganizationBY CARTER E. GRANT

EDITORIAL ASSOCIATE

In the first chapter of the book of RevelaFor all nations shall come tion, John the Beloved praises God and his And worship before thee;..."

glorious kingdom. He writes that he "was (Rev. 1:10; 15:3-4.)

in the Spirit on the Lord's day,"(the ChrisWith divine comprehension pertaining tian's Sabbath) and beheld the greatness to the unprecedented conception of Jesus of God's heavenly kingdom with its perfecChrist, his birth, his accomplishments, crution of organization. John saw and heard cifixion, resurrection, and glorious ascenthe hosts of heaven singing praises to the sion in the meridian of time, Elder James

Father and the Son. E. Talmage, an apostle of the Dispensation

"And they sing... the song of the of the Fulness of Times, writes that Moses

Lamb,... taught his people—the ancestors of the JewGreat and marvellous are thy works, ish nation, from whom Joseph and the virLord God Almighty; gin Mary sprang—that "the event of greatJust and true are thy ways, est import in all the happenings to which

Thou King of saints. the earth and its inhabitants would be witWho shall not fear thee, ness"would be the coming of the Son of God

Lord, to this earth. (Jesus the Christ, p. 57.)

And glorify thy name? In a glorious vision, the Prophet Nephi

For thou only art holy: was shown the city of Nazareth, and in that

NOVEMBER 196S 993 city he beheld the mother of Jesus Christ ganization his Son was establishing among a Jewish maiden, "... a virgin, most beautithe Jews is shown in Nephi's vision: "I beful and fair above all other virgins."(1 held the heavens open..., and I saw angels

Nephi 11:15.) Nephi was then shown that descending upon the children of men; and

from this descendant of David "a prophet they did minister unto them.

would the Lord God raise up among the "... I... beheld the Lamb of God going

or, in other words, forth among the children of men. And IJews—even a Messiah,

a Savior of the world."(Ibid., 10:4.) beheld multitudes of people who were sick;

Nephi saw "the Son of God going forth and who were afflicted with all manner of among the children of men;"organizing his diseases, and with devils and unclean

earthly kingdom. (Ibid., 11:24.) spirits;... and they were healed by the

Shortly after Christ's baptism of the power of the Lamb of God; and the devils

water and the Spirit, he began choosing his and the unclean spirits were cast out."

Twelve Apostles and other church aides. (Ibid., 11:3031. Italics added.)

That God was pleased with the divine orLuke, one of the gospel writers, testifies

994 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Jesus ordains the Twelve Apostles:

He said, "Ye have not chosen me, but I have chosen you, and ordained you,.. / (John 15:16.)

that with the spread of Christ's Church, the those things which ye hear, and have not

Master Organizer "appointed other seventy heard them."(Luke 10:1, 17, 2324. Italics

also, and sent them two by two before his added.)

face into every city and place, whither he During Christ's threeyear ministry upon himself would come.... the earth, he centered his teachings upon

"And the seventy returned [from their his own "family tree,"the Jews, but after missions] with joy, saying, Lord, even the his resurrection he opened the door to all devils are subject unto us through thy mankind, declaring to the presidency of his name.... church—Peter, James, and John—and to

"And he [Christ] turned him unto his the other apostles: "Go ye therefore, and

disciples, and said privately, Blessed are teach all nations, baptizing them in the name the eyes which see the things that ye see: of the Father, and of the Son, and of the

"For I tell you, that many prophets and Holy Ghost:

kings have desired to see those things which "Teaching them to observe all things ye see, and have not seen them; and to hear whatsoever I have commanded you; and, lo,

NOVEMBER 1968 995

I am with you alway, even unto the end of followed by Jesus Christ while organizing the world."(Matt. 28:1920.) his kingdom among the Jews, the Prophet

Paul, the apostle to the gentiles, in his Joseph Smith, referring to the Church he first epistle unto the Corinthians, likened had organized, declared, "We believe in the the perfect church organization established same organization that existed in the Primiamong the Jews by Jesus Christ unto a pertive Church, viz., apostles, prophets, pasfect human body: "For as the body is one, tors, teachers, evangelists, etc."(Sixth

and hath many members, and all the memarticle of faith.

bers of that one body, being many, are one Since Jesus Christ in the meridian of time body: so also is Christ,"meaning the placed twelve chosen apostles with three preSavior's perfected organization. siding presidents from their number to prePaul continues his comparison: side over his Church, likewise Joseph Smith

"For by one Spirit are we all baptized the Prophet by revelation chose twelve speinto one body, whether we be Jews or Gencial witnesses and placed three of their tiles, whether we be bond or free; and have members as presiding presidents to officiate

been all made to drink into one Spirit. in all matters pertaining to the divine

"For the body is not one member, but progress of Christ's restored Church.

many. "But now are they many members, yet but one body.

"And the eye cannot say unto the hand,

I have no need of thee: nor again the head

to the feet, I have no need of you.

"And whether one member suffer, all Bishops preside over local congregations:

the members suffer with it; or one member "And he gave some, apostles;

all rejoice the honoured,be with members it. and some, prophets; and some, the of Christ, ye are body and mem- c "Now

bers in particular. evangelists; and some,

"And God hath set some in the church, pastors and teachers;

first apostles, secondarily prophets, thirdly For the perfecting gifts ofteachers, after that miracles, then..."of the saints. helps,healings, diversities governments, (Eph. 4:1112.)

of tongues."(1 Cor. 12:1214, 2021,

2628.) After ten years of prayerful, righteous living, following the visitation of God the

Eternal Father and his Son Jesus Christ to

Joseph Smith the Prophet in the spring of 1820, and also after the visitation of heavenly messengers and the bestowal of the

Aaronic and the Melchizedek Priesthoods,

Joseph Smith by revelation received instructions for organizing the same Church of

Jesus Christ that the Master established in the Holy Land during the meridian of time.

Knowing by divine revelation the pattern

996 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

And like the ancient apostles, the present apostles have left their occupations to become "fishers of men"and to "feed my sheep/'traveling the world around, testifying with authority that The Church of

Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints with all its ancient gifts and blessings truly has been established upon this earth in this the

Dispensation of the Fulness of Times.

Referring to the proper authority today of those who are to preside in Christ's restored Church, Joseph Smith made it plain "We believe that a man must be called of

God, by prophecy, and by the laying on of hands, by those who are in authority to preach the Gospel and administer in the or dinances thereof."(Fifth article of faith.

NOVEMBER 196S First Principles

The principles and ordinances of The leadership, permitted changes to creep into

Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints its organization and teachings. The latterare the same as those of the Church that the day Church is the restoration of that New

Christ organized as he walked and talked Testament Church by a young prophet among men. The New Testament Church visited and schooled by heavenly beings and

lost its identity through a predicted falling messengers.

away, as men, hampered by uninspired Let us examine the scriptures on the

Repent and be baptized:

'Repent and be baptized every one of you in the name of

Jesus Christ for the remission of sins,

(Acts 2:38.)

998 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA I. JR. ZOBELL,and OrdinancesBY ALBERT EDITOR RESEARCH

first principles and ordinances. 3:16); repentance and baptism (Matt. 3:

John, he who baptized the Christ and is 5-15, Mark 1:4-9, Luke 3:2-21, John 1:6-

called the Baptist, taught faith when he 33); and the receipt of the Holy Ghost

declared: "Repent ye: for the kingdom of (Matt. 3:11, Mark 1:8, Luke 3:16, John

heaven is at hand"(Matt. 3:2) and, "There 1:33). These are the first principles and

cometh one mightier than I after me,..."ordinances of the gospel, applicable in

(Mark 1:7; see also Matt. 3:11, Luke every age and to every person who desires

NOVEMBER 1965 999 to be a follower of Jesus Christ.

It is a scriptural truth that "... without

faith it is impossible to please... God."

(Heb. 11:6.)

Nor is great faith required as a foundation. Simple faith properly nourished will

..bestows the Holy, Ghost,,grow.-, u-rt*Has not-i the Lord.,, Jesus Christ. promFaul

ised: If ye have faith as a gram of musafter baptizing me of Ephe8U8:

tard seed,... nothing shall be impossible

unto you"? (Matt. 17:20; see also Luke

17:6.) "And when Paul had laid

On the day of Pentecost, the multitudes his hands Upon them, i inon hearing the gospel their pricked "were xl. m f mem,heart, rest of mefu tt unto Peter and said to the and uVigfZ

the apostles, Men and brethren what shall we do?"Peter readily said: "Repent, and be baptized every one of you in the name of Jesus

Christ for the remission of sins, and ye shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost."Our missionaries in their fields of labor

(Acts 2:3738.) today have similar experiences of being

Repentance means a recognition of directed to those who, by their own study, wrongdoing and a followthrough of a are prepared to seek baptism. The work of

change and purpose of life. the Church is ever with individuals. BapJesus, our Elder Brother and perfect tism, entrance into the Church, is based

pattern, was baptized at the hands of John upon individual testimony. As one of our

"... to fulfil all righteousness."(Matt, modern apostles, Harold B. Lee, has said:

3:15.) And soon the Christ was answering "At the root of the individual testimony

a question of Nicodemus with: "Except a must be a righteous pure life, else the

man be born of water [baptism] and of the Spirit cannot witness as to the divinity of

Spirit [the laying on of hands for the rethe mission of the Lord or of the work in ceipt of the Holy Ghost], he cannot enter our day."

into the kingdom of God."(John 3:5.) All The apostles Peter and John, by the laymen must receive these ordinances. Proviing on of hands, conferred the Holy Ghost

sions have been made for those who have upon some of Philip's baptized converts, lived in ages past to receive these gifts (See Acts 8:1417.) Likewise, the Apostle

vicariously in the temples of the restored Paul, finding some who were baptized

Church. "unto John's baptism,"after careful quesPhilip, a missionary of the primitive tioning, conferred the Holy Ghost upon

Church, was directed in his calling to a man them. (See Acts 19:l-6.) Christ's Church,

reading the scriptures. A glorious gospel when upon the earth, has two great diviconversation followed, and the eunuch, fully sions of the priesthood: the Aaronic, which

prepared by his own study, requested bapincludes the authority to baptize, and the tism. It was performed where there was Melchizedek, which carries the power to

water enough to execute the true meaning confer the Holy Ghost by the laying on of of the word "baptism,"which is immersion, hands.

(See Acts 8:2639.) So it is with the Latterday Saints.

IOOO THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Worthy young men beginning at age twelve a new convert, when he saw the bestowal of are given an office in the Aaronic Priestthe Holy Ghost, offered the apostles money, hood. Missionaries and most other male "Saying, Give me also this power, that on

adults hold the Melchizedek Priesthood. whomsoever I lay hands, he may receive the

Nor are the precious gifts of this Church Holy Ghost.

to be desired for the power thereof. Simon, "But Peter said unto him, Thy money

NOVEMBER I860 1001

Faith (prayer):

"... without faith

it is impossible to please [God], (Heb. 11:6.)

perish with thee, because thou hast thought The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterthat the gift of God may be purchased with day Saints states today:

money. "We believe that the first principles and

"Thou hast neither part nor lot in this ordinances of the Gospel are: first, Faith

matter: for thy heart is not right in the in the Lord Jesus Christ; second, Repensight of God."(Ibid., 8:1821.) tance; third, Baptism by immersion for the

all must hands for the gift of the Holy Ghost."hands—theFaith, repentance,humble pathwaybaptism, thatlaying on of remission of sins; fourth, Laying on of

take to gain entrance into the Church and (Fourth article of faith. Italics added.)

kingdom of God. As one exercises faith and repentance,

The Apostle Paul expressed the four the blessings of heaven will come.

great cornerstones to the Hebrews But baptism and the laying on of hands "Therefore leaving the principles of the must be administered by someone having ofdoctrine of Christ, let us go on unto perfecauthority—a bearer of the priesthood

tion; not laying again the foundation of God. It has always been so in the true

repentance from dead works, and of faith Church.

toward God. Membership and activity in The Church

"Of the doctrine of baptisms, and of layof Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints is a ing on of hands, and of resurrection of the complete way of life. It is the one way to

dead, and of eternal judgment."(Heb. gain happiness on earth and eternal life

6:1-2. Italics added.) hereafter.

1002 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA itual

BY DONNA HIGGINS

FORMERLY EDITORIAL ASSOCIATE

To his chosen Twelve Apostles and to the As we seek the gifts of God with faith and

Church, Jesus gave authority to heal the humility and thankful hearts for the benesick and to perform miracles in his name. fit therefrom, we can sense the Spirit of a

Today spiritual gifts manifest the truthpersonal God concerned with our salvation fulness of The Church of Jesus Christ of in an eternal world.

Latterday Saints. Spiritual gifts build Gift of healing. Few Latterday Saint

faith, strengthen testimonies, and inspire families there are that haven't received

Saints to continue living the commandments faithpromoting experiences from the gift of God. of healing. As at the time of Christ, when

The seventh article of faith states that there is illness the elders are called. "Is any

spiritual gifts are "... tongues, prophecy, sick among you? let him call for the elders

revelation, visions, healing, interpretation of the church; and let them pray over him,

of tongues, etc."These gifts are given, said anointing him with oil in the name of the

the Lord, "... for the benefit of those who Lord."(Jas. 5:14.)

love me and keep all my commandments, At the time the Saints were in Commerce, and him that seeketh so to do;..."(D&C Illinois, after being persecuted in Missouri

46:9.) and due to the exposure to which they were

The best gifts from God should be sought subjected, many were taken sick, including and exercised for our own salvation, but the the Prophet Joseph Smith. At this time a

obligations and responsibilities that accomgreat healing occurred. Wilford Woodruff

pany them should be heeded. describes it: "On the morning of the 22nd

NOVEMBER 1068 1003 Spiritual gift given to Cornelius as an angel of the Lord instructs him:

Cornelius, in answer to his prayer, ((,saw in a vision... an angel of

God.. 99 (Acts 10:3.)

of July, 1839, he [Joseph Smith] arose from be made whole.'His voice was like the voice

his bed and commenced to administer to the of God, and not of man. It seemed as though

sick in his own house and dooryard, and he the whole house shook its very foundations.

commanded them in the name of the Lord Brother Fordham arose from his bed, and

Jesus Christ to arise and be made whole; was immediately made whole."(DHC, IV,

and the sick were healed upon every side 3-4, footnote; from Wilford Woodruff,

of him. Leaves from My Journal, Chap. 19.)

"Many lay sick along the bank of the The gift of healing is often given to the river; Joseph walked along up to the lower elders of the Church holding the Melchizestone house, occupied by Sidney Rigdon, and dek Priesthood, as "the power and authority

he healed all the sick that lay in his of the higher, or Melchizedek Priesthood, is path...."to hold the keys of all the spiritual blessings

Some of the elders who were healed acof the church."(D&C 107:18.)

companied Joseph, and they visited the home Gift of tongues and interpretation. An

of Elijah Fordham, who was near death. aweinspiring though humbling gift is that

Joseph "... stood erect, still holding his of tongues and interpretation. "And they

hand in silence several moments; Then he were filled with the Holy Ghost, and began

spoke in a very loud voice, saying, 'Brother to speak with other tongues, as the Spirit

Fordham, I command you, in the name of gave them utterance."(Acts 2:4.)

Jesus Christ, to arise from this bed and The gift of tongues aids in spreading the

1004 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA LDS

gospel. To penetrate language differences interpretation of tongues....'

throughout the world, missionaries may "Well, the outpouring of the gift of learn the language of the people, church tongues on that occasion was most remarkleaders may use interpreters, and at times able. Following the end of my sermon Broththese men may rely on the gift of interpreer Sid Christy, who was a student <3f

tation. Brigham Young University, a Maori, who

President McKay tells the 'following exhad returned to New Zealand, rushed up perience. "The occasion was a conference and said, 'Brother McKay, they got your

held at Huntly, New Zealand, a thousand message!'"(Gospel Ideals, p. 552.)

people assembled. Before that time I had Gift of prophecy. The President of the

spoken through interpreters in China, Church is our prophet, seer, and revelator.

Hawaii, Holland, and other places, but I felt Through revelation he is in a position to impressed on that occasion to speak in the prophesy concerning the welfare of the

English language. In substance I said, 'I Saints in these latter days.

have never been much of an advocate of the The Prophet Joseph Smith prophesied on necessity of tongues in our Church, but toAugust 6, 1842, that the Latterday Saints day I wish I had that gift. But I haven't. would be driven to the Rocky Mountains

However, I am going to speak to you, my and there build cities and become a mighty brothers and sisters, in my native 'tongue people. (DHC, V, 85.) On February 25,

and pray that you may have the gift of 1844, while much unrest was again inNOVEMBER 1965 lOOS

creasing between the Saints and their adThe Doctrine and Covenants is a scripversaries, Joseph added this prophetic protural record of revelations given to Joseph mise: "... that within five years we should Smith and other early church leaders before

be out of the power of our old enemies, the Church was organized and in its beginwhether they were apostates or of the ning days.

world and told the brethren to record it, By means of personal revelation the that when it comes to pass they need not truthfulness of the gospel may be manisay they had forgotten the saying."(Ibid., fested to members of the Church. This testiVI, 225.) As history notes, the gift of mony is a most precious gift, and a key to

prophecy is also given to other General its acquisition is this admonition in the Book

Authorities of the Church. of Mormon: "And when ye shall receive

Gifts of vision and revelation. The most these things, I would exhort you that ye

important gifts to the Church, and to indiwould ask God, the Eternal Father in the viduals as well, perhaps, are those of vision name of Christ, if these things are not true and revelation. Paul's life was completely and if ye shall ask with a sincere heart, with

reversed after a vision. real intent, having faith in Christ, he will

Faith to be healed is gift of God:

"Daughter,...

thy faith hath made thee whole;.. /

(Luke 8:48.)

1006 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA manifest the truth of it unto you, by the commandments of God shall have privileges, power of the Holy Ghost."(Moroni 10:4.) blessings and powers that those who do not

Spiritual gifts from God have been and take this course cannot have. The bestowal

are being bounteously bestowed upon his of these is to create a distinction between people at the time of the early Church and the people of God and those who are not His now in these latter days. They distinguish people,..."(George Q. Cannon, Gospel

God's true Church. President George Q. Truth, ed. Jerreld L. Newquist, I, 195.)

Cannon said that a man "... can receive "And again, I exhort you, my brethren,

the evidences from the Lord, by the exercise that ye can deny not the gifts of God, for of faith, that will convince him of the existhey are many, and they come from the same tence of his Father in heaven and also of His God. And there are different ways that

willingness to hear and answer the prayers these gifts are administered; but it is the

and supplications which are addressed to same God who worketh all in all; and they

Him in sincerity. are given by the manifestations of the Spirit

"It is for this purpose that these gifts of God unto men, to profit them."(Moroni

are bestowed, that those who do obey the 10:8.)

Elders anoint with oil and heal sick "Is any sick among you?

let him call for the elders of the church;

and let them pray over him, anointing him with oil (Jas. 5:14.) in the name of the Lord >>

NOVEMBER 1965 1007

Fruits of Religion BY MARBA C. JOSEPHSON

ASSOCIATE MANAGING EDITOR

Count Leo Tolstoi once stated: periences of this world are a test to help

"The Mormon people teach the American make them worthy of a resurrection into an religion; their principles teach the people eternal world of increased hope. Their benot only of heaven and its attendant glories, lief in the next world is that they will conbut how to live so that their social and ecotinue to work and enlarge their concepts of

nomic relations with each other are placed truth. Hence, they live with an eye to the

on a sound basis. If the people follow the future, never limiting their vision to past

teachings of this Church, nothing can stop mistakes or daily tensions. They solve their

their progress—it will be limitless.... If problems with the long, certain view of

Mormonism is able to endure, unmodified, eternity, realizing that each day is a part of until it reaches the third and fourth generathat eternity and that the daily actions bear tion, it is destined to become the greatest fruit in their position in the world beyond.

power the world has ever known."(The Those obedient who belong to the Church

Improvement Era, Feb. 1939, Vol. 42, p. have learned one of the most important les94.) sons of life—selfdiscipline. They are taught

The Church of Jesus Christ now has the basic laws of health; and the fruits of

reached the third and fourth generations that discipline, which has been titled the among the descendants of the first pioneers. Word of Wisdom, demonstrate that those

And what have been the fruits of this rewho abide by its teachings live longer and ligion that so stimulated the tribute of with better health than the person who deCount Leo Tolstoi? fies the law. To some people it is difficult to

Let us name only a few do without tobacco and liquor or tea and

Latterday Saints have learned to live coffee, which seem, unfortunately, to have with hope during times of intense persecubecome status symbols. How can one entertion, pressure, and "times that try men's tain without cocktails? Yet Latterday

souls."They know of a surety that the exSaints like to entertain, and they are origi1008 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

nal in what they serve. They serve only the acceptance of fast offering and tithing

those things which will keep their minds as principles of the gospel and the adoption alert, not dulled, and that will bring joy of a welfare program to aid those in need, the following day in remembering, rather church members give visible appreciation to than suffering hangovers. They also know the Lord for his many continued blessings

that their bodies will be improved by eating to them and demonstrate their love for their proper, nourishing food instead of those neighbors. The promise Malachi made in the

things that will destroy both body and mind. Old Testament pertains to those who follow

They follow the admonition of Paul the commandments today "Know ye not that ye are the temple of "Bring ye all the tithes into the storeGod, and that the Spirit of God dwelleth house, that there may be meat in mine house, in you? and prove me now herewith, saith the Lord

"If any man defile the temple of God, him of hosts, if I will not open you the windows shall God destroy; for the temple of God is of heaven, and pour you out a blessing, that

holy, which temple ye are.". (1 Cor. 3:16there shall not be room enough to receive it."

17.) (Mai. 3:10.) Latterday Saints testify to

As a result longevity is notable among the blessings that follow the payment of

Latterday Saints. tithing.

The principle of charity also has borne The worth of the welfare program was fruits among Latterday Saints. Through dramatically evidenced immediately followPure religion:

.. To visit the fatherless and widows

in their affliction, and to keep himself unspotted from the world."

(Jas. 1:27.)

NOVEMBER 1963 1009

ing the end of World War II. Carloads of the Church have an additional assignment

food and clothing were sent to the suffering compassionate service to the unfortunate.

Saints in Europe. Without these supplies, The Relief Society thus becomes the exnot the least of which was soap, these good tended arm of the bishop to help the bereft,

people who had suffered much would have the sick, and the lonely.

suffered more. The fruits indicate means of increased

To the disavowal of the sinning Cain, sensitivity in developing good human re- "Am I my brother's keeper?"(Gen. 4:9.) lationships. Empathy and brotherhood are

Latterday Saints respond with the Scandiincreased in the lives of truly religious navian adage, "Bare is his back who bears Latterday Saints. As they learn to live with

no brother."The Relief Society women of all people, they may become more Godlike.

The Good Samaritan:

"By this shall all men know that ye are my disciples, if ye have love one to another."

(John 13:35.)

1010 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Concerning morality, we believe as a Latterday Saints agree with the Psalmist

Church that there is a single standard of who wrote: "Lo, children are an heritage

sexual purity. The fruits of this virtue culof the Lord:..

minate in the temples built to our Savior, "Happy is the man that hath his quiver wherein marriage for time and eternity full of them:...."(Psalm 127:3, 5.)

takes place. The beauties of temple marriage As Micah said, so the Saints believe, "He

are taught to young people from earliest hath shewed thee, man, what is good; and

childhood. Marriage thus becomes imporwhat doth the Lord require of thee, but to do

tant and sacred. justly, and to love mercy, and to walk

The attitude towards children is also difhumbly with thy God?"(Mic. 6:8.)

ferent when marriage is for eternity. Probably the greatest fruits of the gospel

NOVEMBER!965 ton

Service to God and fellowman:

"And [theyJ laid [their possessions]... at the

apostles'feet: and distribution

was made unto every man... as he had need.

(Acts 4:35.)

lie in the part it is playing to prepare for ye, and let us go up to the mountain of the the second coming of the Savior, for the Lord, to the house of the God of Jacob; and

prophets Isaiah and Micah relate almost he will teach us of his ways, and we will word for word alike what will happen in the walk in his paths: for out of Zion shall go

last days forth the law, and the word of the Lord from "And it shall come to pass in the last Jerusalem."(Isa. 2:2-3; see Mic. 4:1-2.)

days, that the mountain of the Lord's house The principles of the gospel have been shall be established in the top of the mounrestored and are found in The Church of tains, and shall be exalted above the hills; Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints; the fruits

and all nations shall flow unto it. are being harvested by those who, having

"And many people shall go and say, Come accepted the gospel, are living by it.

1012 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA TEST YOUR TALENT!

Since Cumorah CONTEST PRIZE:

$595.00 Scholarship in Commercial Art

(Continued from page 977) Draw the boxer any size you want except like a tracing. Use

bership anyone in Israel who pencil. Everyone who enters the

sought to live the covenant in contest gets a free estimate of righteousness. 21 (21) Both societies his talent. Winner receives a

complete course in commercial were strict observers of the Sabart. Students are taught,

bath, but set aside another day of individually, by professional the week for their special meetings. artists on the staff of America's largest home study

(22) Those who joined either art school. Purpose of contest:

group were required to share their to uncover hidden talent.

earthly wealth with all their fellow Entries for December 1965 contest must be received by members, and (23) though both December 31. Anyone 14

groups were hierarchical and years and over may enter. None

strictly authoritarian, a feeling of returned. Amateurs only. Our

not eligible. students Winner

perfect equality prevailed. 22 (24) today. notified. Mail your drawing

All devoted their lives to religious

Accreditedactivity discus- (study, preaching, INSTRUCTION SCHOOLS of the National by the AccreditingHome StudyCommissionCouncil. AS/ART1

Studio iM 115 sion, prayer, the singing and St., South 4th Minneapolis, and 500 Minnesota 55415

composing of hymns ) and to physiPlease enter my drawing in your draw-a-head contest.

cal labor, even the leaders working (PLEASE PRINT) for their own support. (25) The Name

headquarters of the societies seem

OccupationAge to have looked remarkably alike:

both were at special watering Address -Apt.

places in the desert with sheltering City- -State.

clumps of trees. (26) Since Alma's CountV- -Zip Code church shared all things in common, they probably had communal

meals, like the Essenes. When

Alma says to his followers: "Come

unto me and... ye shall eat and

drink of the bread and the waters of life freely"(Alma 5:34), it was

plainly imagery that his hearers understood.

(27) As strict observers of the

Law of Moses, both groups respected the Temple and anticipated its perfect restoration. One of the

first things Nephi's community did when they went out by themselves was to build a replica of the Temple. Such an idea has been

thought utterly preposterous by the critics until the discovery in the present century of other Jewish colonies in distant lands building just such duplicates of the Temple.

(28) Both groups, unlike the Jews at Jerusalem, regarded the Law of

Moses only as a preparation, albeit an indispensable preparation, for more light to come, it "pointing (Continued on page 1040)

NOVEMBER 1965 1013 For over one year now, A Sure Trumpet Sound with evil, and teaching children people who don't (Continued from page 965) to drink is evil, no matter how you slice it."free- I, another the freedom, E. Petersen and Elder Marksmoke have paid less violating

is church so representing the servicemen's which comdom of that for new life insurance worshipattacked toimpliesworship.protectionThe rightfromto mittee,ago to gowereto FortinvitedDouglassometo yearsview

those who abuse the freedom of a film in which were depicted the from us. the press or speech or assembly to dangers and the awfulness of

malign another's religious prerogavenereal disease among men in

How about you? tives. It is difficult to justify an military service. To our amazement

unruly band of university students in all this hourlong film which is

Does it irritate you to pay as who demand the right to use and shown to every man in military write the obscene said words not camservice, on one word was much as a heavy smoker? pus, or to display evils of proobscene unlawful, and about the nude

Well, from our. point of view k pictures in the name of socalled miscuous sexual practices—not one

you're a much better risk. p art. It is hard to justify a professor word about the one certain way

So we'll give you a who delivers a eulogy to an associto safeguard against this hellish ate in disease. takes to occasion which he That certain is by way

referapostate total abstinence, vulgar and lower rate on new life make a not of which insurance. (State Mutual ences to the Church whose youthword was said in this whole film.

is the first major company < ful members comprise the majority It is so evident that the only safety to do this.) We call it our of the student body whose parents of our youth is that which the

pay the greater part of the taxes Prophet Joseph Smith meant when

NonSmoker Policy. which make up this very professor's asked how he was able to govern

It's very popular. Call salary. What an abuse of the right his people. He said, "... I teach

your agent about it. of free speech, the right of asthe people correct principles and

sembly, and the right of freedom they govern themselves."(Recalled

Or send us this coupon.

of the press! by John Taylor, Journal of DisSome time ago I read a very excourses 10:5758.)

cellent article written by a great We must make certain that in educator in this country. I am childhood, in family home night,

hesitant to mention some of these and in the Church our youth have contrary voices because sometimes been taught correct principles.

when we speak boldly about it we Church doesn't begin with the put some ideas into the minds of youth of MIA, but it begins with these.- young teenagers of ours; the threeyear-old and sometimes

sometimes they are vulnerable, and even earlier in the home. It's our

they pick them up and add to our experience that those who fall words and get an idea, something away from the Church might be they had not thought of before, put in two classes. First are those

like piling into a telephone booth who are ignorant of the teachings or something else of the kind. This of the doctrines and practices of

man said, "A medical doctor headthe Church. Second are those who

ing a commission on the study of have sinned so they have lost alcoholism came out with the retheir faith and their testimony. The

commendation that school children Lord said it: "And he that repents

be taught to drink liquor. He feels not, from him shall be taken even

they are going to be drunkards the light which he has received;

anyway, and therefore they should for my Spirit shall not always strive be taught how to drink properly."with man, saith the Lord of Hosts."

Now, isn't that a bright and won- (D&C 1:33.)

derful observation from a medical The Lord said to another doctor? This educator's answer to prophet, "... the Spirit of the Lord

such nonsense is the same as will not always strive with man.

STATE MUTUAL OF AMERICA every straightthinking teacher and And when the Spirit ceaseth to

Lincoln Street 440 leader should make. The laws of strive with man then cometh

Worcester, Mass. 01605

, some states require every teacher to speedy destruction, and this grievDear Sirs: > 22 instruct his pupils in the evils of eth my soul."(2 Nephi 26:11.) Please your send me a folder describing

NonSmoker Policy. I understand this does alcohol; that's it, the evils, just like What is the way we must teach

not obligate me in any way. that—no "ifs,"no "buts,"no waverour youth to gain a testimony? A

Name ing of the "trumpet's sound."It is classic, one sentence formula from

the evil of the drinking of alcohol Cyprian, one of the "apologists"

Address. that should be taught. Then this just after the apostolic period, conCity educator said, "Schools are not tains it all. Listen to what he said:

built or maintained to compromise (Continued on page 1016)

State. Zip Code,

1014 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

MEN

WHO MATCHED OUR MOUNTAIN Once it was a mountain. Today, after 60 years of copper

production, it is Kennecott's Bingham Canyon Mine—half

a mile deep, nearly two miles wide. It took men to create

this worldfamous industrial achievement—big men and big

machines.

Year by year, the machines have become bigger and more complex. The men, too, have grown. With years of experience,

they have increased their knowledge and skill. Through their

mastery of the machines, they accomplish production feats VZHZX&X today that would have been considered impossible just a few liiiii years ago.;

Copper production at Kennecott's Utah Copper Division 11 represents an investment of more than $30,000 per employee in machines, plants and equipment. This is dwarfed by the

incalculable value of the men of copper who make all these inanimate objects come alive.

Because of their specialized talents, Kennecott's employees tower over giant equipment. They are today's standard

bearers for the Men Who Matched Our Mountain.

Kennecott Copper Corporation f\ Utah Copper Division "An Equal Opportunity Employer"

<y>%

"..wtoXy.-.:-: mm

ijWoSegBjW

NOVEMBER 1963 1018 stake, the in leader ward or who Sure Trumpet Sound DISTRIBUTOR A can't that doctrine teaches a be (Continued 1014) from page

one works—and I make sin, church heart, of all purified my WANTED "Into substantiated from the standard

is unless qualification, and that there light that entered a came

No Competition. To service from on high and then suddenly, that one be the President of the

and in a marvelous manner, I saw Church, who alone has the right and set up new accounts in certainty succeed doubt."to declare new doctrine—then you

exclusive territory. Investment Don't you see that at the root of may know by that same token that

is expressing a teacher but such individual be a testimony mustsecured by fast moving inthe

If, his opinion. the other on own life, else the Spirit righteous, pure

ventory of amazing plastic cannot witness as to the divinity hand, you have someone teaching coating used on all types of of the mission of the Lord or of a doctrine which cannot be substantiated scriptures, the and by in our day? worksurfaces, interior or exterior. this if that, it contradicts than said through Lord The Amos the more

Eliminates waxing when apProphet, "Surely the Lord God what is in the standard church plied to any type of floor. will do nothing, but he revealeth works, you may know that that

his secret unto his servants the man is teaching false doctrine, no

Eliminates all painting when prophets."(Amos 3:7.) In our day matter what his position in this

applied to wood, metal or he has put it in about the same Church may be. The President of

.. the arm of the Church alone may declare theconcrete surfaces. language. He said, ". the Lord shall be revealed; and mind and will of God to his people.

Minimum Investment—$500 the day cometh that they who will No officer nor any other church in

Maximum Investment—$12,000 not hear the voice of the Lord, the world has this high and lofty

neither the voice of his servants, prerogative. When the President

For details, write or call: neither give heed to the words of proclaims any such new doctrine,

the prophets and apostles, shall be he will declare it to be a revelation

Phone: 314 AX-I-1500 cut off from among the people;"from the Lord.

(D&C 1:14.) There have been times when

Merchandising Division The Lord has given us the fuleven the President of the Church

P.O. Box 66 ness of the gospel of Jesus Christ, has not been moved upon by the

in which is the fulness of prophecy Holy Ghost. There is, I suppose

St. Ann, Missouri 63074 pertaining to our lives. Listen to you'd say, a classic story of

these meaningful sentences: "That Brigham Young in the time when

the fulness of my gospel might be Johnston's army was on the move.

proclaimed by the weak and simple The Saints were all inflamed, and unto the ends of the world, and bePresident Young had his feelings fore kings and rulers, whetted to fighting pitch. He stoodBISHOPS! session in the morning and it up as erred they inasmuch "And Presidents, Stake Owners Home vibrant a with preached sermon might be made known; Too! Firms Commercial and at army, the defiance approaching as they sought inasmuch "And

wisdom they might be instructed; declaring an intention to oppose

"And inasmuch as they sinned them and drive them back. In the FUTURUS said that afternoon he rose and might be chastened, that they Flooring that outwears amy theyA NEW talking been Brigham had Young repent; might

carpet or tile indoors or outdoors "And inasmuch as they were in the morning but the Lord was humble they might be made strong, going to talk now. He then deand blessed from on high, and relivered an address the tempo of

ceive knowledge from time to which was the exact opposite of time."(Ibid., 1:23, 2528.) the morning sermon.

Now, along with that the Lord Whether that happened or not, warned, "... there are many spirits it illustrates a principle: that the

which are false spirits, which have Lord can move upon his people gone forth in the earth deceiving but they may speak on occasions the world. their own opinions.

told us has the In our day are deLord unto them that "But wo live to the enjoy that for, thus 3 Year Guarantee ceivers must hypocrites, we and

Unique Safety for saith the Lord, I will bring them to Spirit of the Lord. The most terChapels, Fonts, Nurseries, Halls, Stairways, judgment."(Ibid., 50:2, 6.) rible thing that can happen to any

Classrooms and Offices. Now, we know a hypocrite is a one of us is once to have had the

Protection from deceiver, a pretender to virtue and Spirit of the Lord and then to have

Water, Snow, Heat, Cold, Gravel, and piety while acting another role lost it. So the Lord pleads with us,

Heavy Foot Traffic Cannot Harm It privately. We have the standard "The Holy Ghost shall be thy comDistributorships Available church works. Why do we call panion, and thy scepter an unFor Free Samples Write to them standard? If you have any changing scepter of righteousness

teacher, no matter whether he is and truth; and thy dominion shall

sitting in these seats here or a (Continued on page 1028)FUTURUS, INC.

1076 W. Ninth Street

Upland, Calif. - (714) 9825563

1016 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "Our committee was convinced the new

Hammond Grand 100 sounded just like another organ costing many thousands more"

—Rev. Wilson Forbush the sound and traditional configuration of

First Evangelical the organ console and playing controls.

Brethren United Church return, After our of Trusthe Board

Illinois Decatur, tees the report, then committee's heard recommended to the Local Conference that a congregational meeting be called to consider the purchase of a Hammond

Grand 100 organ. The purchase was approved, together with a complete renovation of the Sanctuary. The renovation

of the Sanctuary and the installation of the organ occurred in the autumn of 1964.

The congregation is very happy in the newly renovated Sanctuary which includes

The organ at First Evangelical United our fine, new Hammond Grand 100."

Brethren Church, Decatur, Illinois, faced Hammond Organ Company IE 1149 I major repairs. This meant a costly delay 4200 West Diversey Avenue i

without organ music Chicago, Illinois 60639

Then the organ committee heard of the Please send me complete information about is Hammond Grand 100 Organ and the fact theno costGrandor 100obligation.Hammond Organ. There

that it cannot get out of tune. This meant

substantial savings in maintenance costs. Name.,

The committee, including three capable ADDRESSand highly qualified organists and two businessmen, arranged a demonstration. City State Reverend Forbush reports the results: County Zip Code

"After hearing the organ at St. MatMusic's most glorious voice

thew's Episcopal Church, Evanston, 111., demonstrated by Mr. Porter Heaps, MinHAMMOND ORGAN

ister of Music at the church, all three of Also makers of the Hammond Piano our organists played it. The committee Hammond Grand100 Installation by Emerson Piano

returned to Decatur greatly impressed with House, Decatur, 111. 1965 Hammond Organ Company

NOVEMBER 1965 1017 Could this skill come from my child?

It was hard to believe.

1018 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA a

An Open Letter from a Father

As the year draws toward its close, I stop course, we always held a council with the and consider the events which have made two eldest, explaining that their efforts the happiest contribution to my life in would be excellent training for some future this year. There are many. There was the day. We admitted that the lessons had been

time that Jack eclipsed my best mowing time geared for the small children but assured on the lawn. That had been a contest for them that the principles taught so simply

some time. By trotting down the slopes and would be better understood by them. And it

pushing hard and fast, the old hand mower worked out; they were glad to help their

had gone the rounds in a huffing, puffing smaller brothers and sisters to learn and fortytwo minutes. (It is a big lawn.) He to help cement the family together.

was a proud boy when he said, "Dad, I made The Family Hom e Even ing Manual was well it in thirtynine minutes."That challenge thought out and complete as a guide. We

had to be met, but the best time for the felt very little necessity to change any course that I could make was fortyone—of it. There were times during the summer

minute off the old record, but not good when we "took to the hills"on family night;

enough for the new. I can still see the look and it seems to me as I look back that the

in his face when I stood looking him in the stories had more depth when told before a eye and said to him, "Son, you are better fire which lighted the children's faces as physically than your father. Now let's see well as the surrounding trees. In fact

you make it better spiritually.""All these excursions have been our happiest.

right!"he said. Twice we combined with John Jensen and his

Then there was the time that Mary perfamily. They live down the street, and

formed the nocturne at the spring recital. their family is about the age of ours; that

Tall and straight, her dark hair framing was a happy variation.

an eager, sensitive face, the fingers were The other day I was permitted a glimpse sure and flexible on the keys. Could thisof the proof sheets for the Family Home

skill come from my child? It was hard to Evening Manual for 1966. It has a great

believe. deal of stimulating material on how chilEach child in his own way had warmed our dren can understand the love of our Heavhearts. enly Father. I caught a glimpse, also, of

But I believe that the finest accomplishsome new games for fun nights. There is

Lindment is the family as a team—pulling tosome poetry, too. One poem by Vachel

gether. We began to see the possibility say about a turtle will make Tad laugh, and

last February, just after we began the another about "Cloud Magic"will bring a family evenings. We had misgivings. It was dreamy look to the eyes of that fifteennot certain that children in their upper yearold girl.

adolescence would be patient with those I approach the new year happier and more just starting school, or in the case of confident that my family is growing in the

Tad, a toddling three. But it was remarkright direction. It keeps me going in

able how each one helped. The lessons were the right direction, too, for I now must

geared to the small ones, so each could think of the family and assign the part understand; but the tall ones instead of each is to play.

becoming bored got right in and helped. We now have an aim: "Our family pulls

They appeared to realize that while the together. "Before, we tried but didn't have

lessons were "easy,"they could help best enough material to keep up the steam week by helping teach. Often the elder two took after week—now it is easy. With very little

charge of the refreshments. Occasionally addition the family night is our most sucthey helped with "props"where needed. Of cessful adventure.

NOVEMBER 1965 1019 My grandfather, Manrique R. Gonzalez, is a living Logan, Utah. He accepted positions of responsibility

example of the great change that comes into the lives in the United States and in Mexico and later, retiring of men because of the gospel and active service in the from governmental work, became a successful farmer

Church. He was born eightyfour years ago in the and businessman, and a civic and church leader. He

little pueblito (town) of Nadadores, Coahuila, Mexico, gives thanks to the Lord for the gospel and the the son of a country schoolteacher, and seventh in a Church which have made his life so happy and family of nineteen. They lived in deepest poverty. worthwhile and so different from what it no doubt

As a boy he herded goats. But like our great patriotwould have been otherwise.

statesman, Benito Juarez, he ran away from home at We have many new converts in our ward. I have

the age of fourteen in search of better things. He seen how those who are active in the Church change

found work with some Mormon railroad contractors their way of living. They become more progressive.

and was later invited to return to the Mormon colony, They seek to prepare themselves to be of greater

Colonia Juarez, with them. He marveled at their service. In most cases they better themselves finankindness and was impressed by their clean life. He cially. They find joy. Those who do not become acstudied their religion, was converted and baptized. tive make very little change.

He received an intense desire to better and educate I believe that the way to find the greatest joy in himself. life and to be able to accomplish something worthMembers of the Church gave him work as a chore while is to be an active member of the Church, taking

boy and sent him to school. After elementary and every opportunity to serve in the many assignments.

high school he finished a course in agriculture at the I believe that in serving the Lord in his Church, we

Agricultural College, now Utah State University, at are stimulated to develop our native talents and aptiWalking downtown several days ago, I noticed a poster in our smalltown drugstore which read some- {a2<> what as follows: "Let's change this headline."Below it in bold print was the headline: "Juvenile

Delinquency on the Increase."The word "delinquency"was crossed out and replaced with the word "de- h&MMLs cency."You and I know, however, that we will never

see a headline such as this. Teenagers are just like

BY JOSEPH B. airplanes. You only hear about the ones that crash.

wHB Vfek. PATTERSON

The feature stories fail to mention the countless hours

Joseph B. Patterson, age 15, is the oldest son of spent helping others, working in hospitals and in the

Mr. and Mrs. Charles A. Patterson of St. Johns, Peace Corps, and the thousands of Latterday Saint

Arizona. of the St. Joe is president Johns Ward elders in the mission fields who are still in their teachers quorum, Stake, St. Johns has earned and

four Aaronic Priesthood certificates of achievement. teens.

student an honor He is the high and is on football, wrestling, school track teams. and He One of the greatest problems on the American

also plays the trumpet in the high school band. scene today is juvenile delinquency. The crime rate

Joe's is mechanics, in the and hobby summers in America is increasing roughly five times as fast serves he helper as a mechanic's at Patterson

Motor Company or as cowboy and farmer on the as the population, and crime takes as much money ranch. He desires to go on a mission and to beeach year as is allotted to the Defense Department for lawyer. come a

the support of all our armies. The most distressing

part of this is that an everincreasing percentage of

1020 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA tudes. This will make our lives successful.

I believe that this is true because I have seen it work. My brother and others from our ward have

been called on missions. They didn't realize what a

wonderful thing the mission would be for them. They

had had assignments and responsibilities before but didn't seem to give them much importance. But the

mission has brought about a great change in their BY CARLOS characters, in their ways of thinking, in their attitudes. O. AVENA

They have developed their talents. They can communicate their ideas. They have a drive that will take Carlos O. Avena is 16 years of age and a priest

them places. They say that their two years in the Stake.in the HeDublanis theSecondson of Ward,J. OsvaldorJuarez and(Mexico)Elvira

mission were the happiest of their lives. I believe Gonzalez Avena. He writes of Manrique Gonzalez,

that this is because they were working under the his grandfather, who was converted to The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints sixtysix years influence of the Spirit of the Lord. I am looking forago, one of the first Latin Americans to join the

ward to this great experience. Church.

I would like to follow the example of my grandMexico.Carlos Helivesspeaksin SpanishColonia asDublan,his nativeChihuahua,language

father and those who have gained so much from acbut is bilingual, using both Spanish and English tive service in the Church. hein hisis aschooljuniorworkin highat theschool.Academia Juarez, where

If I do this, I will be richly blessed and rewarded.

This I believe.

the crimes in America are committed by youthful what is right from the time we are very young.

offenders. There is another and greater difference that sets

It has been prophesied by church leaders that the Mormon youth, and especially the young men, apart

Constitution of the United States will hang by a from other young people. This is the priesthood, the

thread and will be saved by the elders of Zion if it is authority to act in God's name. When a Mormon boy

to be saved at all. I believe that the Constitution will realizes the tremendous power for good that his

be saved. If juvenile delinquency is on the rise and priesthood gives him, it helps him to recognize and

so many young people are going wrong, how then conquer temptation. This honor and power of the

can the youth grow up to be fit to do this great task? priesthood, I feel, helps me in observing the Word of

There is only one answer to this question. We, as Wisdom—in saying "no"when I'm being urged to

young people in the Church, are brought up differtake a cigaret or a drink of liquor. It helps me in

ently. Our standards and ideals are higher. We have wanting to be honest and do the right thing. It makes

been taught the value of high moral standards and me want to develop the great potential our Heavenly goals in life from the time we were three or four Father has given me.

years old. I credit these high values to the excellent It is through the development of the potential in

teaching afforded us by our teachers in Primary, the youth of the Church today that our hope lies for

Sunday School, MIA, and our priesthood quorum tomorrow. As Latterday Saints, we can be thankful

meetings. And above all, the best example we have for our upbringing and our way of life, and we can

is our parents. Temple marriage helps reduce the look forward unflinchingly into the eye of the future

number of broken Latterday Saint homes from which and give back to the world much more than we take delinquents come, and we are taught in our homes from it.

NOVEMBER 1965 toai 8L Tliaixkserivin Quiz TODAY'S FAMILY FLORENCE B. PINNOCK, EDITOR

A thankful person likes people has empathy is not moody is not grasping serves where needed builds others 9 is not selfish is never sorry for himself appreciates his neighbor belittles his woes is kind is not ashamed of yesterday loves today has faith in tomorrow is grateful to Him mis perfected by trials mis a joy to be around

Check yourself honestly. Are you this kind of person? Carefully read every item and give yourself 6

points for each unqualified yes. It's possible to have

102 percent, but if you find yourself in this category, deduct 50 points because you lack one quality a truly thankful person must have—humility. This is only a

game. But seriously, how thankful are you?

When I become discouraged and forget to count my blessings, I think of my little greatgrandmother who left a comfortable home in Wales to cross the ocean, then walked the long, dreary miles over the plains and climbed the Rocky Mountains to find a home in Utah. She started this long journey with a

husband and nine children; a baby was born and

died on the way; and the day after they arrived in

the valley her husband passed away.

Whatever could make me feel blue and discouraged when I remember this courageous woman? My father,

her grandson, said that she cheerfully counted her blessings each day as she cooked and scrubbed to support her children. She was loved for her courage

and cheerfulness and known for the home she kept.

Part of supporting her family came from her baking.

Her candy and pies were famous. I wish that I

could have stood by her side as she mixed and rolled out her piecrust and stretched her candy. Her recipes were in her fingertips—so different from today.

Now we have exact, scientifically workedout recipes to help us bake a pie.

For a change this Thanksgiving dinner, instead of serving one kind of pie for dessert, let us serve a tray of tarts, at least six kinds. What fun it will be

to have everyone choose his favorite!

The following are three different kinds of piecrust made of flour. Perhaps the most difficult of the

three is the standard pastry recipe. Too much handling, too much moisture can make this anything but

a flaky crust. But it is the old standby that has made

reputations for numberless cooks. The other two

recipes almost seem to mix themselves and come out tender no matter what the treatment. But they do

have a different texture than the standard oldfashioned piecrust. (Continued on following page)

PORTABLE FOLDING ENDURING

(Continued from preceding page)CLARIN

Standard Pastry (12 tarts) Snow Tarts

P/2 cups flour 1 cup whipping cream, whippedCHAIRS Vz teaspoon salt until stiff

FOR GENERATIONS Vz cup shortening 1 cup marshmallow cream

OF USERS! 3 to 4 tablespoons water 1 teaspoon vanilla

1 tablespoon grated orange rind

Sift the flour and salt. Cut in the Vz cup grated coconut

shortening until the pieces are the Dash of salt size of small peas. Sprinkle 1

the mixture. Gentlv toss with a the whipped cream and add gently

Seating, for Relief Sofork and push to one side of bowl. the other ingredients. Spoon into the

ciety Meetings. Sprinkle next tablespoon of water tart shells and sprinkle with toasted

J- \ Available with over dry part; mix lightly and push coconut. Chill at least 2 hours.

or without arms to moistened part at side. Repeat

and in decoratill all is moistened. Gather up into Pumpkin Chiffon Tarts

in to Vs a ball. Roll cut inch and tor nylon colors. I circles. 5-inch Lightly press the 1 tablespoon gelatin

pastry rounds atop six circles of V4 cup cold water heavyduty aluminum foil. Vz cup rich milk

Prick pastry with fork. Now to Vz cup brown sugar

form the tarts, hold the pastry and Vz teaspoon (each) salt, cinnamon, foil together and flute the edges nutmeg, and ginger to form a tart shell—it will take 5 3 egg yolks, slightly beaten

or 6 crimps. Place on cookie sheet. P/4 cups canned pumpkin

1 ing for All Occasions. pastry is golden brown. Watch with Vz cup sugar

carefully. rack. Reon wire Cool Whipping cream

are they the foil. from Sturdy all steel with move Now

wide, comfortable ready to fill. Soak the gelatin in the cold water. I

curved seats and Cook together milk, brown sugar, 1 backs. Egg Yolk Pastry ( 12 tarts egg yolks, pumpkin, and spices

until slightly thickened. Add the

P/2 cups flour gelatin mixture. Cool and fold in

Vz cup shortening the beaten eggwhite mixture.

1 teaspoon salt Spoon into baked tart shell. Set in

1 egg yolk and cold water to refrigerator and garnish with make V4 cup whipped cream.

Sift the flour and salt, blend in the Lemon Chiffon Tarts shortening, and add the liquid allNo. 214WAII Purpose

at once. Stir lightly with a fork. 3 egg yolks, slightly beaten

Juvenile Chairs for the Roll out and proceed as for tarts 1 lemon, juice and grated rind

New Generation. 14"above. Vz cup sugar

seat height. Cheer- 1 cup whipping cream, whipped

ful childfavorite Stir and Roll Pastry (10 tarts) colors. Cook egg yolks, lemon, and sugar

1% cups flour in top of double boiler until thick.

1 teaspoon salt Chill. Whip 1 cup of whipping

Vs cup cooking oil cream until stiff; fold into chilled

Clarin Chairs—economical, practically indestruc- 3 tablespoons cold whole milk lemon mixture. Spoon into shells.

Sprinkle with toasted coconut.

tible seating highly recommended and widely Sift together the flour and salt.

used. Designed to provide generations of use Pour oil and milk into one measurFruit Tarts (6 baked tarts)

for generations of users! ing cup without stirring together.

Pour all at once into the flour. Stir Spread softened cream cheese (1

until mixed. Form into a flattened 3-ounce package) on bottom of

ball and place between 2 sheets of baked tart shells. Spoon in cherry

For Complete Specifications waxed paper. Roll out gently pie filling, or Vz peach, cut side

Write to... until it is about Vsinch thick. Form down, or berries, or any other deinto tarts and bake as described sired fruit. Top with whipped

CLARIN MANUFACTURING CO. above. cream.

4640 W. Harrison Street

Chicago, Illinois 60644 1024 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA How not to be taken for granted... bake sticky buns from scratch.

It's not every wife who takes the time (and trouble) to bake from scratch. He'll notice. He'll Fleischmann's. Fleisch. appreciate. Of course you get some help from

Ye,ast fal, Ife Fleischmann's Yeast. But the credit's yours.

ANOTHER FINE PRODUCT OF STANDARD BRANDS

BUTTERSCOTCH BUNS STEP 1—Scald milk; stir in sugar, salt bits until melted. Spread mixture over

3A cup milk Vt cup sugar 2 teaspoons salt and Vi cup Fleischmann's Margarine. 2 ungreased 8 x 8 x 2-inch pans; sprinkle

Vi cup (1 stick) Fleischmann's Margarine Cool to lukewarm. Dissolve Fleischmann's with chopped Planters Pecans.

2 packages Fleischmann's Active Dry Yeast Yeast in warm water in a large warm lA cup warm water (105115F.) bowl. Stir in lukewarm milk mixture, STEP 3-Divide dough in half. Roll

1 egg 4 cups unsifted flour egg and half the flour. Beat until smooth. each half into a 9 x 12inch rectangle.

Stir in the rest of the flour to make a Brush each rectangle with melted marBUTTERSCOTCH TOPPING sprinkle garine: stiff the batter. half with sugar tightly brown aluwith Cover bowl

V* 1 light syrup cup tablespoon corn water 9"tightly Roll foil. and raisins. each up from at Refrigerate for minum dough 2 tablespoons Fleischmann's Margarine roll. for jelly side as Seal edges. least (or three hours days). two up to 1 bits cup package) (6-ounce butterscotch

Vi cup chopped Planters Pecans STEP 2-When ready to shape the dough, STEP 4—Cut each roll into nine 1-inch

prepare Butterscotch Topping. In slices; place, cut pan side up, over butter- 'N RAISIN FILLING SUGAR BROWN corn combine water, syrup, in scotch mixture 2 tablespoons let rise pans. Cover; Fleischmann's melted Margarine

Fleischmann's Margarine draftfree to a until bring and place doubled, in warm firmly packed Vi cup dark sugar brown

Vt'4 cup raisins boil over medium heat, stirring constantly. about 1 hour. Bake at 350F. 30 to 35

Remove from heat; stir in butterscotch minutes, or until done. Makes 18.

NOVEMBER 1965 1025

HOORAY! Ice Cream Tarts

Prepare tarts as in standard pastry recipe. Bake and cool. Just before A brand new box serving fill each tart with peppermint ice cream. Garnish with

chocolate curls. for our little honeys!

Raisin Tarts

2 tablespoons cornstarch NEW! CRISPLOCKTOP % cup sugar

V4 teaspoon salt 1 teaspoon cinnamon \ V2 teaspoon nutmeg Vi teaspoon cloves 2 egg yolks, beaten 1 cup sour cream

1 tablespoon grated orange rind HON Ei GRAHAMS 1 cup raisins >

In top of double boiler mix the

JUST FLIP 'ER OPEN and dive right into that Honey Graham cornstarch, sugar, salt, cinnamon, goodness! No peeling, ripping, cutting, punching, tearing, nutmeg, and cloves. Add wellpounding! No knives, saws or chisels needed. You don't have beaten egg yolks and mix well. Add

to fight it. Just lightly press the sides and flip it open sour cream, raisins, and grated

orange rind, and cook over hot water until thick. Cool, spoon into

EL5 baked tart shells, and top with H "*'23B finely chopped nuts, and serve.

i-Cz \ nO *"*i HOME, SWEET HOME are * """* HP fun thoughtand Word games 1 W LW the provoking. Try word THANKSrrO m GIVING on the family. Give each NEW! CRISPLOCK TOP

in to utes which make as manym HONEY GRAHAMS z J1 a pencil and paper and ten minas possible of the out words word

LOCKS CLOSED! Just STORES IN ANY POSIREAL SWEETHEARTS. Thanksgiving. Use only letters

tap the top and it locks TION. Tidy! How about Naturally sweet. Made found in the word, and do not use

itself up! Clever! those grahams inside.... with gobs of real honey. any letter oftener than it is used in

the word. Some of the words would

be think, hat, tank, giant, and sing.

The possibilities are endless; in just

So let our new Crisp Lock a few minutes 50 words came to in to your send YOU Top for the Honey store. Ask Who are the Kitchen Rich people? lightgame. as we tried our skill at this

from the Kitchen Grahams After the winner has been named,

Rich people. SUPREME turns the going around (of course!) take

family circle each listing something beginning with his first initial for which he is thankful; for instance,

my letter would be F. I could be

thankful for flowers, fun, freedom, friends, family, and so on. Going

ROSE PARADE TOURS around the circle each person list thing, one and he would when

Plane 1 by Bus 2 by—couldn't think of another word, IT!

Dec. Dates Departure 26—of & 29, 1965 YOUPARTY CANITEMSSICKRENTROOM the out drop game. he would The

HAWAIIMEXICO-SOUTH CONSTRUCTION winner is the last one left in the game, the one who had the to be thankful for. PACIFICMARDI GRAS HOWE RENTS most

and many other tours SALES AND RENTALS In this day of constant TV, a is unusual. night family game Call or Contact 1

SALT CITY LAKE BOUNTIFUL fun to play These games be would

So. State 2375 West 500 4860055 640 TRAVEL AGENCY, INC.CHI'S TOURS Thanksgiving 2-0684 IN evening.—FBP FA NEVADASouth

179 South State Street RENO RENTS - 1490 East 2nd - Reno, Nevada

Salt Lake City, Utah 84111 Phone 3221205

1026 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Wonder what to serve when you have friends in?

Why not THINGS WILL BE DIFFERENT tryPostum?

BY BETTY G. SPENCER

"Things will be different when used that phrase.

we are in our new house,"we often Later, as the children snacked said to each other as problems on my "conscience"cookies and arose while building. milk, I was taunted by the ques-

"When we are in the new house"tion, "Just how will things be difHPtiff the timebecame to enjoy comfortable our new ferent?"More surInstant w visit daughter, surely, friendsbaby but basically and roundings',

relatives, or go camping with our things would still be the same. A

boys. Nearly all regular activities new house could not change the

were vetoed with a brusque "We temperament or objectives of my

G tare too busy now."husband, myself, or our four chil- C E R E A EnV E R A

During a strenuous day of paintdren. Recalling the many pleasing, the two youngest boys were ures that had been postponed or No Caffein

especially unruly. cancelled, I suddenly realized we

"I can hardly wait until we were so busy building a house, we yP move,"I reprimanded. "You won't were almost destroying our home!

act this way then."Clearly, it was time for a change

"We know, Mom,"they sighed. in our manner of living. I resolved

"Things will be different when we to take time each'day to enjoy the get our new house."companionship of my family.

Their solemn expressions weren't Many joys awaited me. No longer

as comforting as their words. Lookare my heart and mind set on finding at their unhappy little faces, I ing happiness only at some future

remembered guiltily how often time, and now things are different, Flavorful, hearty Postum during the past few months I had indeed! just naturally encourages

good talk among friends.

Made with pure, COMING OF AGE energyfood ingredients

BY ROWENA CHENEY and no caffein,

Postum gives you a natural lift.

With loving pride I watched you grow You can drink all you like.

And let you trudge day after day If you haven't tried

To corner store or mailbox, though Instant Postum lately, My heart went with you all the way.

you're missing a satisfying, Just so, I trusted you to find bracing drink.

The pathway sturdy feet must tread You'll enjoy its natural lift.

Through early youth; but still my mind

Refused to scan the road ahead The Natural Lift

Send name and address Releasing Until today. you

bonds that must be loosed at last, forfree Postum recipes to: From

I fight the tears. O son, you grew Postum Recipes,

From child to man too soon, too fast! Box 1040, Kankakee, Illinois.

Postum is a registered trademark of General Foods Corporation.

NOVEMBER 1965 1027 A Sure Trumpet Sound Our Years with Marba (Continued from page 1016) (Continued from page 969) be an everlasting dominion, and anyone wearing garb like that without compulsory means it shall couldn't be a smuggler."

flow unto thee forever and ever."The Deseret News editorial said:

(Ibid., 121:46.) "Her faith and optimistic outlook

Beautiful roses don't grow in a were a constant source of almost garden unless the rose bush has electrifying power to others, as, for been planted in fertile soil, cultiexample, the day her then teenaged sat the side bed, of her daughter in business Earn by more fertilized and vated, watered, someby as a government the stunned shocked knowland by roses. loves beautiJust so, one who SHORTHAND TOUCH

lost that her mother an edge had ful of integrity, honesty, flowers

SECRETARY acciin the tragic automobile eye virtue, not and loyalty do blossom SECRETARY MEDICALLEGAL her the life of dent [which took his feet unless in an individual have SECRETARY TECHNICAL firm, in a planted sure testihusband]. SCIENTIFIC SECRETARY been

'It's all right,'Mrs. Josephson Christ. of the Lord Jesus mony EXECUTIVE SECRETARY

CONVENTION REPORTER Leaders, do you have the detercomforted Janet, 'you know I've

COURT REPORTER mination to excel? Are you willing always wanted brown eyes. Now'"

Send for free information to pay the price for excellence, to I can at least have one brown one.'

work everlastingly at your job She made fun of her accidents.

L.D.S. BUSINESS COLLEGE whether you like it or not? Do you At the last June conference in her

41 1 E. South Temple St. have faith in the righteous lightness enthusiasm at speaking to her deSalt Lake City, Utah of the thing you are doing, do you partment, she got too close to the

Phone 3632765 have spiritual motivation? Men, edge of the rostrum and fell. "But,"

Name. someone said in a recent publicashe laughed, "it really didn't matter.

Address tion, who possess the capacity for I kept on talking as I fell and as I the of I didn't so waste got up, any are leadership us, always among

City State usual, she time."no comAs made waiting in the wings, but it somePhone Age times fakes a great crisis to bring ment on any injuries she might have

them to prominence. Selfless dediexperienced.

cation, courage and conviction, We all, even those who knew her fortitude, humanity, thorough only slightly, felt that Marba was homework, power of persuasion—our special friend and that we were

these qualities are important, for special to her, for she had a great from the ranks of little leaders gift of making everyone feel imFor High Quality Reproductions of there come big leaders. We must portant and loved. Fame, wealth,

GENEALOGICAL RECORDS WILLS never urge any young man with or position meant absolutely nothMANUSCRIPTS PRICE SHEETS ambition to be so hasty in deing to her, nor did negative perPROPOSALS and other ciding that he doesn't have the sonalities. She treated all alike,

CAMERAREADY COPY and stature for high leadership. lifting their spirits, encouraging

Printing of A wellknown hymn tells us: them to greater heights, giving

FAMILY HISTORIES THESES them hope. No sendee she could

BULLETINS BOOKLETS and "We are watchers of a beacon render anyone was too great to give other COMMERCIAL PRINTING Whose light must never die; cheerfully. Many times I have

At Reasonable Prices We are guardians of an altar chided her when she stayed up all 'Midst the silence of the sky. night reading proof or editing in

Here the rocks yield founts of order to meet a deadline. She

courage, would excuse herself by stating that

Struck forth as by thy rod; during the day someone or several

For the strength of the hills we someones had needed her help or

PHONE 3591732 Area 801 bless thee, advice. Knowing that to give them

deprive her of fathers'needed time would our God."Our God,

A. CECIL CARR

to inconsequential Sloan, her—L. (Altered rest was by Edward

East South 163 2nd SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH 84111 Hymns, 241.) she could help them! Marba did thoughtful things for everyone she

So do I, and bear you my knew, but as one of her friends humble testimony as to the divinity said, "She was so independent, I of this great work, and, please God, just had to stop trying to do things may all leaders of youth become for her—she always would immedibetter prepared and more deterately do twice as much for me."

mined to sound a clear trumpet call YWMIA General President Florto the safety and blessing of the ence S. Jacobsen states that Marba

JEWELRY CO. youth of Zion, for which I pray was given the hardest jobs on the

42WEST2ND. SOUTH DA 2-1039 humbly in the name of Jesus Christ. board and that she always accepted

SALT LAKE CITY 1, UTAH Amen. with a remark such as, "Thanks for

INTERMOUNTAIN'S LARGEST DIAMOND DEALER

1028 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Your kitchen stays your gracious punishment."But she thing!"And she would change the cleaner when you

smiled as she said it and then went subject 'because she really meant on to do the work beautifully, as what she said.

no one else could. But President David O. McKay,

Although Marba didn't try to in talking of Marba with Elder foist her views on others, she alEvans, expressed his admiration of ways let them know exactly where "this great woman whose work and she stood on controversial matters; whose life will bless the lives of

future."limitless listened to her clear, others the you on intoand when ELECTRIC

life, logic, didn't usually agreed as insimple you In death Marba with her. That's why I found mystop working a moment but merely Nothing is cleaner

to others into anotherself with one day in a meetstepped room conthan a kilowatt—no city commissioners, of the Clarking work. tinue her Glen Harold

determined to help her point out of the BYU, having worked with products of combus- a wrong that was being done by her on general board committees, them. I had often thought as she wrote, "If any of the Lord's projdid about the wrongs but had ects are slipping up there, I'm sure

never had the courage to do anyhe'll assign Marba to them—and I'd

thing about them until she gave it like to be working on one with to me. her!"

As Florence B. Pinnock said at Just before she left for Europe,

Marba's funeral, "She wasn't afraid her last earthly assignment—visitof anyone. When she saw a wrong ing stake quarterly conferences and

being done, she wrote letters, sent missions for the YWMIA—her son

telegrams, called the persons inJohn asked, "Mother, what do you volved. She let them know how she do for fun?"and she replied, "I See the smart new

felt. Yet with all her knowledge work."She loved working, helping, electric range models

and wisdom, 'she was humble; no lifting. So though her death was a at your dealer's now.one ever saw her push herself in tragedy to us, it was a blessing to

others.front of since she never climbed She her can do so now much If it's electric, it's better!

in- "years another stepping enjoyedahead on have more. by who We

dividual."with Marba"look forward in great UTAH POWER & LIGHT COMPANY

In a study course which Marba anticipation to eternities with her.

wrote for the Mia Maids in the And those of you who did not know

Church, she set forth her philosoher here have great joys to strive phy: "Tolerance includes many for—eternities with our Marba!

things: tolerance of people's ideas To Marba VRARurIRCU IATIWc F | R ePLACE UNIT

and their peculiarities, for their There's a glow on the hillside this nationality, race, and religion. A September;

choice land will not only let its inThe scrub oak, the sumac, the habitants think and speak freely, aspens blaze it will also encourage them to do With the vivid secret long to reso because in the free exchange of member speech and thought, new ideas are The one who lived gallantly all of single opening fireplace born and old ones clarified. Underher days.

standing of other folk's ideas does She left in this season, the harvest HEATFORM—the perfect guide

not mean necessarily a complete in; around which anyone can build

agreement with them. In fact, the Returning from gleaning in lands the masonry walls of the firegreater growth occurs when there afar, place. Air chambers surrounding

is a difference of opinion, which And noting the peaceful quiet the firebox and throat capture will make both sides work harder within and circulate, into the home, a than ever to prove their Tightness And the glory of autumn that shone large volume of heat lost up the and to eliminate the wrong from like a star, chimney by the ordinary firethe side they advocate."(Mia She surmised that no one could place. Five models in various

Maid manual, 196061, p. 119.) miss her much sizes for all single and multipleElder Richard L. Evans had (She was independent up to the opening fireplaces.

agreed with Marba that neither of last), them would use superlatives, but So she closed her book and with WRITE TODAY FOR FREE DEat the funeral he felt he must use magic touch TAILED INFORMATION ON ALL them and listed her "insatiable love Slipped silently out. Now when MODELS, OR ENCLOSE $1 FOR

of books, her intimacy with them, red leaves cast 52 PAGE (11"x 8 1/2 ") BOOK OF her retentive, brilliant mind,"A sacred glow on the near rounded FIREPLACE DESIGNS SELECTED among others. I can hear Marba hill, FROM NATIONAL CONTEST.

saying, as she did so many times The sobbing wind whispers, "Hush, SUPERIOR FIREPLACE CO.

when one praised her for something peace be still."Dept. IE-H (or) Dept. IE-H

she had done, "I haven't done a—Caroline Eyring Miner 601 N. Point Rd. P.O. Box 2066

Baltimore, Md. Fullerton, Calif.

21206 92633

NOVEMBER 1965 1029 A Red Toboggan (Continued from page 971)

active part in the whole Mutual program.

She said a small prayer for Clay, then walked into the kitchen and was again caught up in her own agony. Dad had gone to work, but

Mom was sitting at the table feeding Muffinface. There was cereal

all over the baby's face, and Patsy said crossly, "Must she be so messy,

Mom!"HOME STUDY, THE KEY TO KNOWLEDGE Mom"She'ssaidjustpatiently.learning to eat, dear,"

"Oh, Mom, can't you talk to Dad?

Please send a Name.... Can't you—"

Address. "Your father is right, Patsy. When

Free City...............State. I was your age—"

HOME STUDY Zip Code "Centuries ago! Everything is STUDY, changed now!"Catalogue HOME Brigham Young University, Provo, Utah 84601 smile was understanding. Mom's

"No, dear. Even centuries ago basic

values were the same. If you want

a boy to respect you—"

"Respect me! I'm not his grandmother, you know."She grabbed

her coat and scarf.

"You haven't eaten breakfast, Wedding Patsy!"

Announcements "I'm not hungry."She stalked

through the living room, Mom's voice following her. FUNDS "I'll have the house and the chilQUICKLY L dren sparkling clean."

EASIL Y! T/,.(3 Creators of Fine Wedding PRINTERSStationery livingPatsyroom.lookedNothingaroundcouldthechangesmall

the shabby frontroom furniture

LatterdayEvery Saint and the rumpled slipcovers!

a prospecthome is. quality crafted

favorite for many yearsA find a ready—you'll

market for Messenger's Latterday Saints Art Caltwo day service Joan Barton was getting books endar. Each has month appropriate an

tion in full color, brief with description a reproduc-—every save up to 50% out of their locker. "Where's your

day features an interesting historical event. This formal?"she asked.

attractiveyear's cover front features impresan

North for 155 100 East Illustrated issued proclamation,"a "Dadsive fullcolor picture of the Oakland Temple 1 Provo, Actual and Samples Dept.California. inspiring Also prayer an the on of with Patsy groaned. "Home order backin SendCatalogRefunded25 picks "Gil BYU"Utah me up at in is fullcolor a beautiful,page, design, suitable

for framing. home or not at all."

Wards & Stakes Can Make Up to 100% Profit "That's too bad. Here he comes

proved tested fundraising andA program for now. See you tonight at the dance."

organizations.quorums and Mail coupon today

for full details of sales plan. Patsy stood and watched Gil as

SingleCOPIES: 50c; 3 copies copy $1.25; 12 he walked towards her, and shecopies $4,50 $7.75; 25 copies copies 50 $15.00.

felt all nervous and confused and Write for special prices on larger quantities and the proved sales plan. a bit bewildered because she did

USE HANDY COUPON - MAIL TODAY! like Gil and she did not understand

him at all. It was as if Gil were two

people. One Gil was joking and

Co. H Distributing P & fun, but the other Gil was short1051 E. 21st South, Salt Lake City 6, Utah BIG $$ CAKE DECORATING. Housewives wanted!

sarcastic and of and sort hour easy $5 Endless spare time. for tempered demand Please send once me at Messenger

lovely Decorations Cake Professional and well he Candy was terribly Latterday bitter. And Saint Art 1966. Calendars for

for Christmas, weddings, parties, birthdays, all educated. threesyllable used Enclosed He of $

occasions. turn to show you We your how Please sendis remittancefree information on Ward and things said and words like, "To sales Stake into plan. kitchen a mine. gold capital required. No

Start your own business small, grow big. Send whom does this book belong?"

Name for FREE 3 month subscription to "Fun & Profit without sounding affected.

Hobbies"for Decorators magazine Cake and tallAddress. sharply always Gil was and

facts Candy Makers, and complete on home looked and he scrubbedCity.State.. instruction. 54ACY, CAKE, Box Redressed, & CANDY

dondo Beach, California. and clean and actually wore his

1030 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA You've Undoubtedly Heard About dark hair short and parted. Now he and Marveled at it, so

looked down at her from his lofty height, asking sardonically, "Joans at eight?""There has been a slight change Now Getin plans. My father says you are to

call for me at home."Gil's right Yours..

eyebrow raised. "Isn't that ghastly?"

Patsy added quickly. "I mean my

father turning patriarchal!"

Gil said something in French, his "That almost gentle. voice The

little girl,'"he 'Our preciousmeans interpreted. "I feel just like Beth in Little POLAROID

Women. Dad wants to meet you

and—""—and look me over? Your adSWINGER

dress?""842 Radoble Street. There's a It's the economical, new Polaroid

fir tree in front."camera that puts "instant"picture-

"I'll arrive complete with coach taking within the reach of everyand four white horses, 'Bye now."one. Easy loading; no focusing;

and away,He walked she knew this builtinlight gauge.flash Getandyours"Yesnowland No"

last date. be theirwould

All day she worried about how the house would look, but it looked YOURS choice! Mom had washed the slip95covers and laundered the curtains FOR

until furniture the polishedand it ONLY $19 hair her she'd doneshone. And

Leather Carrying Case $3.95 face style her that upliftin made an

...look oval and pretty. Pay Nothing Down

"Oh, Mom, everything looks so Black and white pictures in 10 seconds Only $1 a Week!

nice! "Thank you, dear."

"You've worked so hard. You lie

down and rest, and I'll tend the baby."Come In,

"I believe. I wiLTrest for a few

minutes."Phone or

Patsy's in cuddly Muffinface was

If Order by Mail sweet. and her kissesarms, wet

only Gil could know how wonderful her family was, what a wondershouldful closeness they had. He

night. was Salt Lake City: 273 S. Main155 S. Main2190 Highland Dr. That here on familybe

a real special event! Ogden: 2443 Washington Blvd.—Provo: 161 W. Center St.

She thought as they ate supper Idaho Falls: 446 Park Avenue

how handsome Dad looked in his white shirt and striped tie. Myra

was really pretty in her pink dress.

Even Skip had plowed a comb through his stubborn red hair.

"Where is Clay?"she asked.

"He's trying out his toboggan on A new book by Roy Doxey the hill.""After the races there's going to VIDA FOX CLAWSON ZION IN THE LAST DAYS be a party at the stake house,"Skip In this inspiring little volume Professor Roy offered. "I saw Brother Smith takTRAVEL SERVICE Doxey of the Faculty of Religion of the

University prophexplores Brigham Young millions of hot ofing cases pop and E., Salt 216 S. 13th to Lake City, Utah ecies relating Holy the building of a in of gallons ice creamdogs and Saints the Latterday City the before by Phone 3280303there!"Christ. Jesus of second back. coming Paper

"Oh, I do hope Clay will go to The place where you will receive $1.25

the party afterwards instead of the most expert travel adyice.

(Continued on following page) Tours everywhere. OLYMPUS PUBLISHING

COMPANY Tours to HAWAII every month Box 6137, Sugar House Station

Salt Lake City, Utah 84106

NOVEMBER 1969 1031.

A Red Toboggan "Found it!"Dad said trium-

(Continued from preceding page) phantly, and they all gathered to look at the precious bit of metal, coming home as usual."and then, just then, the front door-

"He'll go to the party,"Dad said bell rang.

confidently, "because Clay is going "Oh, no, no!"Patsy gasped. She

to win the race, and he'll have so wished she could die, but she much confidence in himself that didn't, and the doorbell rang he'll be friendly and everyone will again, more insistently. "I'll never

want to be friendly with him!"never forgive you!"she cried pasThe door opened, and Clay stood sionately. She saw the look on

there. He was ready to cry. Dad got Dad's face as he hurriedly straightup from the table. "What's the matened up, and there was a pain in

ter, son?"her middle worse than the time

"I hit a rock, Dad, and smashed she had appendicitis.

the toboggan. I'd better call Brother She opened the door and invited

Simons and tell him I can't race."Gil in. He was handsome in the

"We can fix it, Clay."black tux. She supposed she in-

"But how, Dad? It's too cold in troduced the family. She was never Some 50 styles include all L.D.S. temple

designs in white and latest parchments. the garage. Where'd we put it to quite sure. She had a dim memory

Matching Mormon albums, napkins, other fix it?"of Gil and Dad shaking hands, of

accessories. One day rush order service. "Why, in the living room! We can Myra hanging shyly back, of Skip

push the furniture back and—"saying, "Hi, there,"of Clay and

"It's a pleasure to I "Oh, Dad!"Patsy could see it all Mom saying,

now. Everything in a mess when meet you."She went to get her

Send 25c for catalog & samples, refunded Gil 'arrived. coat, and she heard Dad explaining

on first order. (50c if air mail desired.) "It's only six o'clock, Kitten. I can about the race and the toboggan.

REXCRAFT, Rexburg, Idaho 83440 fix it in time."Mom was at her side, trying to

Name "Well, let's hurry then,"she said, give the tragedy a light touch. "I'm

Address. her love for Clay winning over her so sorry, honey, but someday, you

anxiety for the living room. will see how funny it all is, and

City, Zone, State; The red toboggan filled the small you'll laugh."

living room. It was shattered and "Funny!"she choked. "It will

would require extensive repairs. never be funny. Oh, why couldn't

"Oh, Dad, it's no use!"Clay cried. Gil have picked me up at Joan's?"

BOOK OF MORMON LANDS it's"Let'sgoingpitchto beinfixed!"with the idea that atingThentouch.Dad added"One theo'clocklast humiliis the

WINTER VACATION "Oh, Dad, if only we can fix it."deadline, Gil,"he said as they were

MEXICO - GUATEMALA - There was desperate longing in leaving. "Please have Patsy home

YUCATAN - COZUMEL Clay's voice. by then."

Personally conducted by its pioneering Patsy bathed with the sound of "Yes, sir!"Gil almost saluted.

explorer and creator of this tour, Jose O. the saw grating through her head. Then they were outside. She had

Davila. Jan. 15th for 16 days! Through the bathroom door Skip to say something. "Well, I see you

Some extras: Bullfights in Mexico City, gave her a playby-play bulletin of found our house,"she said.

Puebla, City of Angels, Cozumel, progress. "How could I miss with a sign on Caribbean Island paradise.

Return via New Orleans. Patsy put on her bathrobe and the tree?"Gil laughed.

Send for detailed brochure: almost flipped when she saw the She saw the sign on the fir tree

living room, the toboggan upside crudely printed in luminous paint, all sawdust and over, Dad down LIVES "PATSY ALDRICH cMaqic Carpet travels shirt his wrinkled white with and HERE."

For ail Air Tickets, Tours, Cruises, dusty and his hair rumpled. "I'll strangle that little monster!"

Travel Details.

Twin Falls, Idaho Idaho Falls "Just have to find one more bolt she vowed.

230 Shoshone St. E. Bonneville Hotel and screw, Kitten.,"Mom had the "Why, I think that was a very

Joe Salisbury Dewain Silvester vacuum ready to use the moment clever idea."

7331668 5233300 the last screw was in. But there was Gil helped her into the white MG Salt Lake: Jose O. Davila, 802 Belmont, 3553083 a special type of screw with bolt and drove up the snowpacked

they needed and couldn't find. All street. "That red toboggan. It filled

of a sudden everyone was searching the whole room!"he laughed.

through drawers, boxes, cans for "Tell me about Paris,"she said AGNIFYING that one bit of precious metal. quickly.READING GLASSES Patsy put on her formal, and the Gil seemed not to hear. "Is yourHigh - quality,

pianolenses -in convexstylish hands of the clock seemed *to spin, father a carpenter?"

smoke color and she was suddenly filled with "No, but Clay wanted a tobogmagnifyframes fine print, make panic. Mom's carefully arranged gan, and—"

it easier to do close, work. Metal hinges for long wear. hair was wispy around her face; "And so they built one!"precision

For folks ever 40 without eye disease or astigmatism Myra had torn her dress on a nail. "What part of Europe did you

who simply need magnifying lenses. If not satisfied,

return postpaid in 30 days for full refund. An outstanding value at $2.98, State age, sex. Add 25c postage. NELKING PRODUCTS, Department MPE1156

811 Wyandotte, Kansas City, Missouri 64105.

1032 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA like best, Gil?"She had to change Ski This Winter!

the subject.

"That toboggan and all those (but only with proper equipment) kids. I can't get over it!"

IS AUTOMATIC "There are only four, Gil."She THE MOST IMPORTANT PART OF YOUR EQUIPMENT

could not keep the edge from her RELEASE BINDINGS WHICH WILL RELEASE YOUR FOOT FROM THE SKI voice, and sudden love for her WHEN YOU FALL, INSTEAD OF BREAKING YOUR LEG. ONLY ONE

brothers and sister swept over BINDING WILL RELEASE YOUR FOOT AT EVERY POSSIBLE ANGLE her. Then she remembered that

she, little Nobody Patsy, was going to the prom with the great Gilbert $17.95 plus

Wardleigh. She had to make him mounting

forget scene the devastating at WORLD'S LARGESTSELLING "Fredhome. Marby was telling me

to are goingyou be a doctor, Gil. STEPIN SKI BINDING

terribly interesting. that's I think

Tell me about it."

"I've traveled all over the world,"

Gil hadn't even heard her, "but I've never seen anything like that red toboggan and those kids and your dad...."He talked on and on,

laughing, and all of a sudden Patsy was remembering the hours Dad had worked with Clay last fall designing and making the toboggan.

She remembered that Mom had sacrificed buying a winter coat so her daughter, her unappreciative *7e*t /4*t$(e<}> o relea&e daughter, the could have new forSome bindings sell for as much as $38.00 and have only thatmal, and in she hated moment

laughing, taunting Gilbert Wardthree angles of release.

leigh, III. If you ski, insist on MILLER bindings. They're your legs—Don't

"Take me home, Gil."settle for less!

"Take you home?"

"You heard me. Take me home. * ONLY AMERICAN BINDING USED IN THE OLYMPICS (M-3 Toe)Now!"SUPPLIERS, NATIONAL SKI PATROL "What's the matter, Patsy?"He * OFFICIAL

sounded honestly bewildered. * MORE MODELS OF SKI BINDINGS THAN ANY OTHER FIVE MANU-

"You would never understand in FACTURERS IN THE WORLD COMBINED a trillion years. Just take me home."

"Okay."They rode in silence, IF YOUR SKI SHOP CANNOT SUPPLY PROPER EQUIPMENT

and when he reached her house, SEND TO US FOR GUARANTEED FACTORY MOUNTING!

Gil turned to her. "Patsy, I've got

the right to know what I've done AMERICA'S LARGEST SKI BINDING MANUFACTURER wrong."(Products available in 41 countries)

"Wrong? You've made fun of my

wonderful family, that's what Send for free information you've done. You've made fun of Telephone (801) 2251100

the red toboggan my father worked MILLER Ski Company DEPT. E - OREM, UTAH

so hard on. Maybe my family hasn't

been to Europe. Maybe my father

is just a meter reader, but he is awonderful, honest man, and I love MAKE YOUR OWN him; and I don't ever want to see DRINKS SOFT

you again!"... for home use Gil took hold of her shoulders ings... for onlyof 12cchurchper gathergallon

and shook her. "Get that chip off... 3c per quartl An 8 ounce botyour shoulder, you—you child, and tle of BIG 8 concentrate makes 5

listen to me. From the first time I orie,GALLONSartificially(100 glasses)sweetened,of low noncal- PUNCH

saw you, I felt you were different. carbonated soft drink. Nothing to

You wouldn't go to Beth's party add but water. Four flavors—

because it was on a Sunday, and ORANGE - GRAPE - PUNCH - in case Save! CHERRY. Buy BLACK to church. I beganyou were going

bottles of lots. Five each 8 ounce

girl, everything aboutto know—this plus for postage. flavor $11.95, Bti3 page) {Continued on following (ClE**"*"** CITg-* CO* esE-V-eBA<6 NEEDS CORPORATION

255 W. Euclid Ave.,

Jackson, Michigan 49204 NOVEMBER 1965 103S A Red Toboggan (Continued from preceding page)

her is different and special."

"You did?"She was beginning to

understand.

"Yes, I did, Patsy. Do you know

why I asked you to the prom?"

'Well, I-""You're a very pretty, sweet girl,

Patsy, but the big reason I asked you was because you are the only girl in the crowd whose mother has

The biggest bridge in Europe not schemed with Aunt Phyllis so

At Lisbon, Portugal, the mighty the world. The prime construction I'll date her daughter."

Tagus River has largely isolated contract, awarded to United States "But my mother doesn't even the area south on its bank. But Steel International York), (New

is Inc., is being now the Tagus spanned let. know your Aunt Phyllis."one of the largest ever

by the most spectacular bridge in By using stronger, weightsaving "That doesn't stop these ambiIt is Europe. the longest steels suspeninnovated United by States tious mothers. They get acquainted.

sion bridge continent, the on Steel, Portugal and considerable made They get on committees where they is of one piers the in the deepest savings in the cost of the bridge.

will meet my aunt, and they wheel \ and they deal until I have to ask their daughters for a date, and when I pick up their darlings, they just say, 'Have fun.'That's all. They

might as well add, 'Keep her out all night. i,#*?"for bring Don't a her back mm

1 -hliHiiliiiWM1'!. really It doesn't week. matter beNew steel ai.

a daughter has date with cause myfor biggest solid;.'aw U!ilii!fliiliIIinfiPi:i Gilbert of Wardleigh Bermuda,

fuel rocket and Paris.'I'm a darned New York,

svmbol!"Here's the test firing of the most ftr if status

solid fuel rocket powerful motors Gil.

built. Steel leadHe was the bitter, sarcastic is the U. S. ever

ing producer of the supertough "And so I thought you were difsteel for the used rocket's outer ferent, told then and you when me

It's case. called Maraging USS steel that itself "paints"at I pick Joan's, I was to you up Steel, to 10 stronger 8 times than A

isn't steel. thought, Plates only she carbon closely at Look the picture. so wrong; was T The coating. It lasts practically forever:? vinch

thick is contained the fury of of that the exterior building bare, without any maintenance. United different,'I could have and bawled

firing bursting. steel. without unpainted United These States Steel, States 525 William Penn like a baby. But you told when thinner save me this special motor cases steel, Steel innovated much Place, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania

weight, it allow weathers, As it a heavier payload to USS CORTEN. 15230. USS that insisted father and CORTEN are I pick your you

"paints"be put into space. registered a itself with rich, russet trademarks. at I could your up have home,

shouted with joy."

"You could have?"

"Yes, because here was a father who loved his daughter and cherished her. He wasn't trying to

(GjjS) United States Steel: where the big idea is innovation auction her off to the highest bidder. And so you apologized! My

gosh, Patsy, you must have rocks in your head. Why, your dad loves

you so much he even told me when

ENJOY A FUN TOUR THIS YEAR! to have you home. Because he

62Day Orient Pacific Cruise: Japan, Manila, Sydney, New Zealand, Papeete, Honolulu, wanted me to respect you and treat

Statendam... From $1,840. Departs SFO Sept. 22, 1966. you like a lady."

21 Air Mallorca. Escorted Spain, Portugal, Tour -Day Departs Feb. 9, May 4. Includes best So Dad and Mom were right. air, hotels, tours, inclusive from N.Y.C.: $988.00. meals

Grand Tour Europe: 32Days. Best hotels, meals, 11 countries. Departs May 17, all inclusive Basic values never changed. "But

from New York: $1,238.00. you did laugh at the toboggan."

For more information—Write: "I laughed because the whole

thing Let made me tell me happy.

Aldrich. something, Patsy CHRISTOPHERSON TRAVEL you

290 W. CENTER BOX 43 PROVO, UTAH When I was ten years old and the

brake on my bicycle broke and I

Little Giant Holomaiic father, I said, it in to show my STAKES, BRANCHES OR WARDS 3 took No. Heater Gas Water

it, fix 'Can't Dad?'196566 Christreceived haven't If you our we all water Will the hot supply

or our card samples, mas new catalogue Baptistries, of needed for Church "'Haven't got time,'he said. 'Got useful items, other Programs and Missionary Heats Kitchens, Rooms. Rest

write to—450 GPH, 20 rise in tempera- a meeting with the board.'He never

ture. on free folders for Write PRINTING COMPANY MAGAZINE

Fiberglass Bapheaters. water South Temple 2255 West

spires. tistries, City, 84115 Salt Lake Utah

Phone 4862351 LITTLE GIANT MFG. CO.

907 7th Street, Orange, Texas 1034 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

had time. He always had a meeting the... the moon or somewhere, thing I have to do. Be right back."

with the board. But that afternoon and I'm alone except for the serShe hurried up the path and

a real hotshot new English bicycle vants, and that's worse than being opened the front door. The red towas delivered."alone. Patsy, have you ever been boggan was gone, and Patsy knew

"And you're kicking?"alone?"that Clay had gone to the races.

"Can't I get through to you? I What would that be like? Patsy Mom had been crying, and Dad

didn't want an English bicycle. I wondered. No Mom or Dad, no looked positively stricken. She

wanted my dad to help me fix my Clay or Myra or Muffinface. "Oh, kissed Mom and threw her arms

old bicycle. I wanted us to work golly, no,"she said. around Dad. "I had to come back

together."His voice choked off, She got out. "Gil, I'm sorry I was to tell you I love you all, and I'm

and Patsy wanted to put her arms such a dopey creep, and I want to the luckiest girl in the whole world around him as if he were Clay or go to the dance with you, not bebecause I'm a Mormon, and I have

Skip. cause you're a status symbol but the most wonderful family in the

"I'm sorry, Gil."because I like you, and we'd love whole world!"

"You're so blind, you don't even to have you come to our home next Dad held her tight, and after a see how lucky you are. Sure, I've Sunday after church. Mom makes long moment he said, "Thank you,

been to Paris and Switzerland. I've chicken and dumplings that are out honey. We think you're pretty wonbeen to private schools and military of this world."derful, too."

schools. Our home in Bermuda has "Thanks, Patsy."He was the nice The awful pain inside was gone.

a big swimming pool—that's a real Gil again. He would always be the "See you later."She turned and

panic. And it's all big and empty, nice Gil because she understood walked back to the car and nice

and I hate it. I've never been with him. "Let's hurry then."She could Gil Wardleigh, to her first formal

my father and mother for Christmas see his broad grin in the moonlight. dance, wearing her dress that was

or a birthdav. Thev hand me a "One o'clock is the deadline, relike blue haze; and her satin slipcouple of hundreddollar bills and member?"pers seemed scarcely to touch the

then take off for South Africa or "Okay, Gil. But first there's someground.

BERNINA -THE BEAUTIFUL GIFT THAT KEEPS ON GIVING!

Buy her a Bernina this Christmas and give a lifetime of happy hours whenever she sews. No tension adjustment

required... no more thread jamming... no cams or

discs to change and the new magic needle for basting are all good reasons she'll love her new Bernina. Layaway

for Christmas now! MM

RATED FIRSTom ALL other automatic sewing machines

BERNINA Orchard Drive, North Salt Lake, Utah70 So.

Phone 3632515 Area Code 801

UP TO $200. FOR YOUR OLD

SEWING MACHINE IN DISCOUNT! 'Bernina

[ 70 South Orchard Drive North Salt Lake, Utah 84054

The search is on for the oldest sewing machine. Your At no obligation, I submit the following information in the search for the oldest

old machine may be worth $100... or even up to sewing machine.

$200 if your machine is the oldest found, towards Name..

the purchase of a new Bernina! For a free appraisal Address

by mail OR ANYONE desiring a free SO picture, full color brochure on the new Bernina—Clip and send City & State Phone.

in this coupon today.. ESTIMATED AGE AND NAME OF PRESENT MACHINE

| PLEASE SEND YOUR FREE BERNINA SEWING BOOKLET

NOVEMBER 196S 103K:Si:::*.- NOW BUT THE BACK DOOR t\ IS WIDE OPEN

*i**% YOU CAN GIVE THE BY RUTH C. IKERMAN...

MOST EXCITING Pinned to the front door screen

CHRISTMAS GIFT wason greenthe note.drawingIt hadpaperbeenwithprintedtwo IN FULL COLOR

TO YOUR WIFE, blueshadescrayonof crayon.had brokenApparentlyhalfwaythe The Perfect Gift

MOTHER, FATHER, through,Althoughfor thethe messagelast partveeredwas red.off \\ the corner of the paper, I could still Let's Go Fishin'

CHILDREN, OR YOURSELF read the signature. It told me that

TRAVEL bythisonenoteofhadthe beenfavoritepreparedpeopleforin myme STATIONERY life, a small girl of six. We proudly offer our riew line

Dec. 1826 She is very proud of her new of western stationery from

3 HOLIDAY print ability to messages. This one Dec. 23—Jan.Salt Lake $398.00 out of the West, our new $330.00 read: IS Los Angeles IN THIS HAWAII FromFrom SHUT DOOR

TIGHT. BUT THE BACK DOOR home in Cheyenne, Wyo. Your

9 IS WIDE OPEN. COME ON INown personalsize stationery, 29—Jan.Salt $425.00 Lake

Los Angeles $357.00 SIDE. MEXICO FromFromDec.

x 101/4". Four beautiful For Itinerary and Details Write Standing there with the note in 1W

my hand, I could tell the rest of the illustrations of "Let's Go

BEEHIVE TOURS INGLEWOOD story easily. friend's the little While Fishin'"by Clark Bronson. 50 TRAVEL, INC. TRAVEL child's & small busy, the SERVICE mother was

illustrated sheets, 50 envethe hands hurried had composed South Main 999

Salt Lake City, Utah Inglewood,90301 Calif. I afraid note because she was lopes, 10 blanks, ripplewhite 84111

Phone 3223567 Phone OR 3-3443 might arrive while they were gone.

Often I have thought of what tone bond paper, all beautifulmy small friend did for me that day ly boxed! Matched set of 4

in showing me how I make the fullcolor prints, 7"x 10", of same dangerous invitation in my

ATTENTION RESEARCHERS! own life. "Let's Go Fishin',"ideal for

The front doorway of my heart framing, included. We ship

shut against may be envy and ORGANIZATIONS FAMILY SUCCESSFUL—with gift card to person of far jealousy so as public appearof Westwood Bishop by Dr. Arthur Wallace,

Second Ward, 120 pp. of helpful, illustrated ances go. But the back door may your choice. Imm. delivery.

the enthusiastic to get material how on a family be wide open as I talk with my Money back guarantee. Only through family of your support

over the the fence about organization. neighbor $3.00 per box ppd. Wyoming astounding certain of luck""good

(A) BOOK OF REMEMBRANCE—by Shirley people we both know. residents add sales tax.

Wallace. Dr. A practical and Bousfield incompletely Closed against

to organize on how of 64 manual pp. your truders which look may be my eyes examples. illustrated with book with compassion at the actions of The Lazy 81 Ranch

RECORDKEEPING IN GENEALOGICAL REthose I love. The back door of a Box 3232M Wallace Dr. and by SEARCH—Shirley critical tongue open may be wide

informapractical and Helpful Bousfield. 82001 acquaintances Wyoming to chance do Cheyenne, who researcher. genealogical for the tion

what I would accept or overlook in

ALL THREE OF THESE BOOKS FOR THE those closer to me.

$3.25 including PRICE OF SPECIAL and Every once in a while I take a FASHION CONSULTANTS please add residents postage. (California

at the good look note prepared in LDS WANTED IN ALL STAKES4% California State Sales Tax.) innocence friend. For young by my

by and sponsored are publications These daily to care take that see I must is Lingerie Holiday

Angeles the Los through exclusively sold is prebeing the invitation now inside"on "Come

Library, 25668, Box Genealogical Temple Lee. by sented Gay to qualities not the given which 90025. California Los Angeles, elethe Displays

to of the door walk heart back my of modesty. gance

when they find the front door INTERESTED IN INDIANS? properly bolted shut.

will enjoy You reading For as much damage to my life 2511 S. West Temple, S. L. C, Utah THE IN OTAVALO SCHOOL

INDIAN SOCIETY can result from backdoor habits

Ph.D. Cooper, Arthur Jed by if as have might happened someone book acculnew the scholar by an LDSA about special...turation of a fascinating tribe believed inside friend's QkhiAJtmadu Andean walked unworthy my

to the culturallyby be most many advanced in to the invitation response of home Give a homeall Illustrated. tribes. Indian South American

Paper cover back $1.95 Hard

residents (Arizona add SAFE! 3% $2.95,sales tax)postpaid left on the front doorway. GENEALOGY

direct from Order Utah P.O. Box 1055—Draper,

PUBLICATIONS PANGUITCH P.O. Box 6230 Tucson, Arizona 85716 The American Safe Co.

1036 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ANGEL DIRECT TIELAPELTAC PINor ANGEL CUFF LINKS SHOPPER Exquisitely done in Polished Gold.

Beautifully finished in Polished Fine quality clutch back. Gift boxed.

Gold or Antique Silver. Boxed

Actual size Cost $1.00Actual Size $1.50

'WE BELIEVE"BRACELET

The 13 Articles of Faith indelibly stamped on the attractive goldplated scrolls—an ideal gift.

Cost $1.50

DO YOU NEED

EXTRA MONEY?

Individuals, Wards, Auxiiliaries and Priesthood

Quorums can earn money selling our fine line of line of of thousands a complete design puts carry jewelry. New PIN CIRCLE LDS We also ANGEL

ior you. bristles to work is the name cards, wraps, occasion of All assortments boxed in Silver bossed deeply Finished or soft in Antique

in for large handle today occasion. gifts Send for every and

letters to read Lovely Brushed Gold. Gift easythe

extra making can start you information on how hot gold stampby a ing process. is. boxed. there friendliest way easiest and the money

Actual size Cost $1.00

PERSONALIZED TOOTH BRUSHES

Now each member of your family can enjoy their own personalized tooth brush. UDG Your Cost 50C each or 3 for $1.25

STYLE A - 54 full rich tufts for Adults and the older children. Will not irritate gums or wear

away precious enamel. Approved by Dentists.

TIE tufts. For or LAPEL PINS TACS nylon full multistrand - 43 C CLIP STYLE PINCH ANGEL for size handle Full teens. young children and Block LDS or Silver - Gold brush. their will love own Silver little hands. They or Polished Antique

LDS Scroll—Antique Bronze

Every atempt in assorted colors. styles come Gold. All Golden Question of colors. duplication avoid to is made

Actual size Cost $1.00 Actual size Cost $1.00 SATISFACTION GUARANTEED

ANGEL STERLING SILVER CHARMS

MONEY $1.00 each

CLIP wi ll Salt Lake y Temple Handsomely finCovered Wagon I ** z,\ ished beautifully Beehive Hands in Prayer Seagull Angel Moroni LosTempleAngeles crafted item.

Actual size Send all orders to - SERVICE GREETING CARD CO.

...Cost $1.50 4937 So. Durfee Ave., Pico Rivera, California, 90661

NOVEMBER 1965 1037 Stake Music Festival Teaching 5. I will teach the first principles

of Combined Choirs {Continued from page 973) of the gospel, whatever the subject.

6. I will try to understand andSATB these principle 37:11: the of continuous teach apply Alma "Now Lord to 30 Thee,Thanks O fully revelation. are yet mysteries not made.25Verdant Meadows

I 7. I shall will students therefore try to inspire me; unto known...25 Desiring ofJesu, Man's Joy the 2:23: of the forbear."mission Also with 2 world Timothy

Before Jehovah's Mighty "... foolish and unlearned quesChurch, not obscuring the great

Throne 35 tions avoid, knowing that they do goal by overemphasis or misinterJesus Only 25 gender strifes."pretation of details. The challenge

The Lord's My Shepherd.25 4. I will memorize and try to is the future! This goal should not

Come, Come Ye Saints.20 apply Alma 39:11: "... for when be obscured by spending too much

Jerusalem! O Turn Thee to they saw your conduct they would time talking about "sons of perthe Lord 25 not believe in my words."dition,""tops of the mountains,"of

SSA As Angels in Heaven 30 RELIEF SOCIETY We can supply all the Music suggested for special numbers for the Theology, Social

Science and Literature lessons.

| THE SPOKEN THE "FABRIC"*? AND Now Available a THE "FLAWCome Come Ye Saints—WORD

Madsen arr 25

RICHARD L. EVANS

of the alleged prejudice and unfairness of a judge Music Co illusionmentIn a screenplaybecauseconversation, one of the characters expressed bitter disBox 2009 in whose court a case was being tried. And from this supposed misuse

Idaho Falls, Idaho 83401 of trust, this disillusioned person condemned the whole system of freedom, and of due process of law, because of what he thought to be the bias and unfair acts of one individual. At this point in the play a wise

BLACK & WHITE and seasoned lawyer said in substance, this isn't the fault of the principle, this is merely the opinion of one person. Then, with reference to

the judge who he felt was unfair, he said: "He's not the fabric, he's the

acts of this—that times the flaw."have to remind ourselves Many we LIVI9 8 exposure roll invalidate principles. don't There are person of one would those who

DEVELOPED & PRINTED condemn the whole country because of the acts of individuals in it,

IN JUMBO SIZE those who would condemn due process of law because it is sometimes 12 exposures 504 20 exposures $1.00 unfairly applied by fallible people; there are those who would condemn

36 exposures $1.50 a company or corporation because of some experience with one unCOLOR FILM pleasanta family, ora business,incompetenta church,person.a city,We maya wholeat timessociety,misjudgebecausea ofgroup,disappointment in one particular person—because of the acts of one indiDEVELOPING vidual. The laws, rules, ideals, the basic principles of an institution may

KODACOLOR be good, whereas individuals associated with it may have many faults and failings. And many have alienated themselves from something they

earnestly needed because of the acts of an individual. There are those

even who would condemn or deny God because of the confusion in the affairs of men, those who will say: "Why would a just God allow

COLOR SLIDES this?"—forgettingwhich, in using theirthatownGodfreegivesagency,counsel,peoplecommandments,often fail to follow.principles,It is

important to distinguish between the principle and the person. Honesty

is an unassailable principle, even if all men are not honest. All organizations and institutions have some who are good, some who are better,

some who are not the best. And in being hurt by the acts of an individual, men sometimes alienate themselves from the finest things of life

Prinperson. the the principle failing to distinguish between and byGENEALOGY PHOTOS disin ciples are are should another; thing; judging people and one we of NEGATIVES MADE OLD he's fabric, the tinguish two, not the remembering: "He's between each. 604 PHOTOS, PRINTS

of NEGATIVE, 54 each the flaw."

Send coin only—no C.O.D.'s

MoneyBack Guarantee "TheBroadcastingSpoken System,Word,"Augustfrom Temple8, 1965.Square,Copyrightpresented1965.over KSL and the Columbia

SAM'S PHOTO LAB P.O. Box 1115 Dept. AA Salt Lake City, Utah

1038 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "the people."chosen Little Deseret Stories

8. I will try to teach the great

commandments, the weightier matPRAYER by Karen Dixon Merrell ters as well as the letter of the law. This involves such things as Parents, here is a delightful book

tolerance, unselfishness, humility, to help you teach your children the and love. Latterday Saint concept of prayer.

9. I will teach students to join

forces with those who seek similar Each colorfully illustrated page deends. This involves no compromise scribes a different facet of prayer

of position or conviction but only as practiced in the L.D.S. home.

strengthening of them. Joseph Order this ideal gift for younger

Smith taught that there is some members of the family, nephews, truth in all churches. And, unnieces, and grandchildren in time

doubtedly, there is truth outside them. We believe in accepting truth for birthdays and Christmas.

wherever it may be found. We $1.50 plus 15c postage

should, therefore, seek to cooperate with those who seek in righteousness to employ the truth they know and to endeavor to accomplish the EXTENSION PUBLICATIONS

Lord's purposes. BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY

10. I will, whatever my subject, PROVO, UTAH 84601

teach Jesus Christ and him cruciPlease send me copies of PRAYER. Enclosed is a check or money order for $..

fied.

A boy made a tour around the NAME world with a band. After playing ADDRESS

especially well for an Arab chief, it is reported that the chief said CITY STATE ZIP the give membershe would of the D Also please send me a free Extension Publications catalog. their instruthe all of moneyband

ments would hold. The boy remarked, and later wrote a book

having the same title, "And there I stood with a piccolo."

If a teacher will pray enough, study enough, and try hard enough, he will never be caught standing in front of his class with a piccolo. A

teacher's overall objective might well be expressed in the prayer of of Assisi:St. Francis

Lord, me an instrument of Arim rriak make thy peace; Where there is hatred, let me sow love; Where there is injury, pardon;

Where there is doubt, faith;

Where there is despair, hope;

Where there is darkness, light;

Where there is sadness, joy.

PARADOX

BY ELAINE V. EMANS

Praise is not always a spoken Nor a singing word.

Praise can be deep approval You Can't Miss If You Read heardNever

By the object of its extolling,

But felt instead.

Praise can be loud, though never

Sung or said. alt pikt Mroiw

NOVEMBER 196S 1O30

Since Cumorah apocalyptically in a series of a final destruction of the wicked ( Continued from page 1013 dispensations, each divine visitaby fire, from which the elect tion being followed by the aposwill be miraculously delivered.

their minds forward"to a fuller tasy and punishment of the people, (To be continued) revelation of salvation. necessitating a later restoration of

FOOTNOTES (29) Doctrinally, a fundamental the covenant. (31) This restorateaching of both societies was the tion is brought about through the 1A. DupontSommer, Nouveaux Aperidea of a divine plan laid down in righteous remnant, the few who cus(Paris:sur A.les Maisonneuve,Manuscrits de 1953),la Merp.Morte200.

the heavens at the foundation of remain faithful in Israel and conSH. Nibley, in'Revue de Qumran, 5

the world, each individual having a tinue to look for the Messiah and (1965), pp. 177199.

3Y. Yadin, The Message of the Scrolls

claim or "lot"in the knowledge the signs of his coming. (32) (N.Y.: Simon & Schuster, 1957), p. 188.

and the fruits of the plan. (30) The series of visitations and iF. F. Bruce, Second Thoughts on the

Historically this plan is unfolded "ends"will be consummated with Eerdmans,Dead Sea Scrolls1961), (Grandp. 141.Bapids: W. B.

5K. Stendahl, The Scrolls and the New

Testament (N.Y.: Harpers, 1957), p. 1.

6Bruce, op. cit., p. 138.

'Edmund Wilson, The Scrolls from the

Dead Sea (N.Y.: Oxford University Press,

1955), p. 108.

8Stendahl, op. cit., p. 6.

9B. K. Harrison, The Dead Sea

Introduction Torchbook,... PARTING WITH PEOPLE WHO an (Harper

p. 102.... 1961), GO THE WRONG WAY Scrolls, 10Bruce, op. cit., p. 144.

"Stendahl, op. cit., p. 2.

Most popular books on the Scrolls,

RICHARD L. EVANS includingfootnotes, containall referreda chapterto so onfartheinScrollsthese

and the New Testament. Stendahl's entire

There is a sentence from Abraham Lincoln which says: "Stand with anybook is devoted to the subject, and lists

body that stands right and part with him when he goes wrong."1 We have ofin J.pointsT. Milik,of resemblanceTen Years ofmayDiscoverybe foundin

talked before of being in the right places for the right purposes to realize the Wilderness of Judaea (Naperville, the right results; and of being in the wrong places for the wrong purposes 111.: A. B. Allenson, 1959), p. 98; A. Dufor the wrong results. Now this citation from Lincoln suggests being pontSommer, The Jewish Sect of Qumthe ran Essenes and Vallen- (London: all like to right purposes. right be popular. for the people thewith We tine, 147166. Mitchell, 1954), pp.

little friction live as like of with us like to approved. to be MostWe all points are brought "These up by W.

as possible, as little misunderstanding, as little of variance from the crowd F. Albright and discussed by Bruce, op.

as we can, within the limits of our own convictions. But because of miscit,, p. 146. Largely devoted to minimizScrolls ing any the resemblances between reasons, or other confidence, pride, or false loyalty, or misplacedtaken

is the Testament and R. C, A. New going people were the wrong have gone way by following whomany Scrolls to the Leaney, (London: Guide

the wrong way. Sometimes loyalty is given as the reason—but is one SCM Press, 1958), pp. 68ff, and G.

really loyal when he is disloyal to his better self, or disloyal to the law? Graystone, The Dead Sea Scrolls and the

: Sheed andIs one really loyal when he disregards what is good? Following the Originality of Christ (N.Y.

wrong people to the wrong places may not be an act of loyalty at all. Ward,""This1956),Messiahsee wasespeciallydifferentpp.from26, any63.

Indeed, we may be much more loyal when we refuse to follow people to kind of Messiah expected at Qumran...

the wrong places, because if we don't follow them, they may think more and all the accompaniments of messianic earnestly about their own errors and turn back from what they shouldn't expectation had their meaning transdo or where they shouldn't go, if we set before them an example and formed,"Bruce, op. withcit., p.the147.comingThis is exactlyof Christ;the

have the courage to take independent action. We have to do our own situation in the Book of Mormon: "Old

thinking, make decisions, live by principles, with courage to assert ourthings are done away, and all things have selves, courage not to follow the crowd when it is going the wrong way. become new"; 3 Nephi 12:47.

cit., 1116. op. pp. right 15Stendahl, can't really thing or exonerate ourselves a wrong makeAnd we

cit., op. 71. "Leaney, 69, pp. person. it is participated than onemerely because The basis in by more 70. "Ibid., p.

of judgment must be the judgment of individual acts, and a wrong isn't 1S"A Jeremiah or an Ezekiel could and right simply because it is done by a crowd. It is often lonely to part did read the past biblical history while

company with people who are going the wrong way, to turn back from each was making history to come. Neither

a wrong road, but not nearly so lonely as it is to go to the end of it. ultimatelycould have tonamedconstitutemany booksthe OldthatTestawere

We ought to follow good things as far as they go, with loyalty for lawment"; E. A. Speiser, in Centennial

ful and proper purposes, but not for the wrong things, not for improper Review of Arts and Science, IV ( 1960 ) purposes. To cite again the sentence from Abraham Lincoln: "Stand No. 2, p. 210. The same would apply

with anybody that stands right and part with him when he goes wrong."to 19ThisQumran.system has been examined in an

What other advice could anyone give, in honor and in honesty? article by Bo Reicke in Stendahl, op. cit.,

pp. 143156.

Attributed to Abraham Lincoln. Mosiah 18:18.

21Ibid., 18:5-6.

"The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia 22Bo Reicke comments on this; op. cit.,

Broadcasting System, August 29, 1965. Copyright 1965. pp. 154-6.

1040 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Marion D. Hanks, Editor

Elaine Cannon, Associate Editor

Mm.::::::;;::;.,:.

he did show unto many concern Lord, and/ make mention of the ing us; wherefore, it must needs God of Israel, yet they swear cnot

be that we know concerning them in truth nor in righteousness.

for they are "written upon the 2. Nevertheless, they call themplates of brass. selves doi the holy city, but they

22. Now it came to pass that I, do 'not stay themselves upon the

Nephi, did teach my brethren God of Israel, who is the Lord of these 'things; aM'tf came to pass Hosts; yea, the Lord of Hosts is:: ill

that 1 dicTTead many things to his name.

uptm them,which were ehgi'avbll1.:,;*, 'EnkTl brass the Opiates ol they former3. Behold,things! l havefrom declaredthe beginthe I

drr the concerning"migh t know ning; forth and they out of went

1, 1 In uthui lauds the Lord of them. and I showed my mouth,

ynon g people ol QlttT did show them suddenly. I

2'6. things i I'SBTTmany did And it 4. I I did because And knew in written were which unto them obstinate, that 'thy art thou and that but of Moses; the book is iron sinew, thy neck an and

s Some Teens fully persuade"! ight more brass; brow r:ordtrierr=Rg belie?;.

5. I the have "from even And lllUl'inen'l unto read did j?emgjjr"Trelievetrlthefi7) beginning try "declared to bethee; prophet the written by ich vhich waswa it I fore to pass came showed all scripliken I did for Isaiah; Squirm

: thee; for I them and showed them it that migm us, unto tures lest fear shouldst thou say—Mine learni lilit and or our propro W. idol hath done them, and my

1 unto spake T 24. Wherefore image, graven molten and my words the ye Hear saying::hem, Their image hath them. commanded Way rem- a are ye who prophet, jf the 6. hast seen Thou heard and Israel, a of house the of lant all this; will declare not ye and broken been have branch who I that them? have showed And the of words the off; hear ye this thee things time, from new Through unto written 3 were prophet, which things, even hidden and thou liken Israel, and 11 of house the didst not them. know

, e that yourselves unto them 1 7. created are now, They and your Well as as(34 hdp have y not beginning, the be-

'even from hav ye from''brethren whom e4 fore the heardest thou day when aiterTnTsafter ott:oTFj lorfor broken 3een their Some teens squirm they declared not unto them were written. prophet the has manner lest thee, shouldst way through thou say—BeCHAPTER 20. hold I knew them. crowd coaxings

thou heardest not; 8. Yea, and (but EVERYbody's doing it!) not; yea, thou knewest from

of making thine Propheciesbrass—ComparerecordedIsaiahon48.the plates yea,that ear not decision time was

1. Hearken and hear this, opened; for I knew that thou (a mission or marriage?)

house of Jacob, who are called by: wouldst deal very treacherously, family relationships

'transgressor called a and wast Israel, are come and of the name just (mother doesn't understand) from the womb. of Judah, the waters "out of forth social problems 9. Nevertheless, for baptism, name's of waters the of out my or (aw just c'mon, this once I will the i anger, sake and defer mine of the ''swear name by who

o, 3 Ne. 10:16, 17. p, see a. 1 Ne. 3. Chap. 20: a. Isa. 48:1. b, Deut. 6:13. won't hurt)

Isa. 52:1. d, Isa. 3:9—11. e, Mic. c. 4:2. 5:2. 1:5. Jer. 65:16. Isa. Zeph. meeting

32:9. f,h, 31:27. 10. see Sacrament 8. Peut. 46:9, 45:21. 44:7, g, Ex. 43:9. 42:9. 41:22. (what's there B. C. 570. in it for me?) 588 and Between 58:3. Ps. f. i,

prayers (can He really hear my prayer?)

new concepts learned at school (am I a child of God or a product: '':: ''..'of the swamp?)

Yes, some teens squirm their way through life.

But squirming is needless. Life can be a comfortable adventure if we "liken all scriptures unto us"as

Nephi of old suggested. The Book of Mormon has some choice lessons of life that ought to be learned. In

this issue we deal with but a few.

What can they mean to you? Stick with us and see. It will take some work. Are you game? To you who

want to live, well... read on, To the "goofoff gang"... think once, and give it a try.

The Editors

1042 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA \r&cc. 7o AcT ****L

be; and men are, that they might CHAPTER 3.

joy. hs**s to Lehi his son prophecy Joseph—A

i the Messiah And \2p. cometh by Joseph in choice seer Egypt—A in the fulness 'time, that of he foretold—The mission of Moses—Hebrew Nephite scriptures. and children the of redeem men may it is our responsibility to take

fall. the that from because And

1. I And speak now you, unto it to fall them. are the redeemed Ithey from Joseph, lastborn. amy wast Thou r, 'free foreve have become V\theyw in born the wilderness reason important of very afAnother mine

j. evil; to good ygmowing from ci flictions; in yea, the days of my /i'or to d not be an.L* Themselves is acTe free are to choose that men greatest did sorrow thy mother \"itit 'the unon. Oe the be By*by savesave pumshpums IjL, thee. bear the of at the anc ment law great select truth, to reject or the 2. the And conseLord may I last to day, according the comcrate also unto 'this thee land, life""liberty eternal or. and given, hath mandments which God

is which a precious land, for most 7. free are Wherefore, men All thine inheritance "captivity w'* death."and who inheritand the

all flesh; according the to and jr ance of thy seed with thy breth- *jOtliings are are given which them Lord to the come, may come ren, for thy security if it will forever, expedient they unto man. And J*'so that shall be ye keep the com- V is to come. compelled to but are liberty none free anc choose of mandments the of Holy One

, life eternal great %r the through Israel. taught (Alma This 42:27), Alma all to of mediation choose or men, 3. now, Joseph, lastAnd my 1, to captivity according death and I deliberately, that born, also some and have brought out of whom

':,(/the captivity the of and power the wilderness afflictions, of mine

all devil; for seeketh that he men 7k to persistently choose the bless forever, Lord may thee

like |je miserable unto him Height ty for shall thy "utterly not seed be to yield [themselves] become <j*self. destroyed.

28. I would now, And my sons, behold, 4. For thou art the to subject the devil. ->'look that great ye should to the fruit loins; a and of my I am

'h's Mediator, unto hearken and 5:20.) 'descendant of (Alma Joseph was who

be jrreat and commandments; carried into captive Egypt. And happiness his But and truth anc come words, unto great the covenants were the of.|Jreithful

lii e, to eternal according Lord which he unto Joseph. made "yields to the person a when will Spirit; his the of Holy 5. Wherefore, Joseph truly sawa -Choose

eternal 29. choose not And day. our Jy obtained he a And Spirit,"enticings of the Holy

will 51 to the acaccording promise Lord, of the that of out ''Vdeath.kieath

*yVne flesh and the evil which is the fruit of his loins the Lord accepts Christ, and lives his therein, which giveth the spirit God would raise up a righteous& of the devil power to captivate, to branch unto the house of Israel; commandments.

that to hell, he bring you down not the Messiah, but a branch in his over you off, own which neverThus each of us (whether we may reign to be broken was kingdom. theless, to be remembered in the realize it or not) may and must

30. I have spoken these few 'covenants of the Lord that the

words unto you all, my sons, in Messiah should be made manifest choose his pathway and his latter the unto days, probation; them in the last days of my in destination. Every day we are power, of the part, unto the spirit chosen I have the good and

the bringing to the of according words travel on, other prophet. none I have And unto light—yea,of them outout ofofdarknesshidden choosing the road we

sometimes failing to realize that we are at the same time choosing the place the road leads to.

He Stands andGodhappiness,wants us butto havehe willfreedomnot at the Door Her question is a good one. force us. He wants us to have

and Knocks The gospel has been restored. all that he has prepared for us

She was a vivacious, attractive The Church of Jesus Christ has and will give us all that we are young lady, and (it was obvious again been organized on the "willing to receive,"but he will as she spoke) an intelligent and earth. This is the truth, and both not impose upon us blessings

earnest one. There was a tear in the Bible and Book of Mormon which we are "not willing to

her eye and a deep intensity in tell us that the Spirit of the Lord enjoy."(D&C 88:32, 33.)

her voice that made her question is given to every person to help Christ sends an invitation to even more serious. "Why doesn't him find the truth. Why, then, each of us; he stands at the door

everyone join the Church?"she doesn't "everyone"join? and knocks. (Rev. 3:20.)

said. "If I could only pass on to There are many reasons, Every individual must decide

others the great joy our family including the very good one that whether or not he will listen found through becoming members many have not heard the to his voice and open the door of the Church...."wonderful story of the restoration; to him.

NOVEMBER 1965 1043:;!1,.

1 NEPHI, 16. 1 NEl'J

fertile parts of the wilderness, exceedingly difficult, yea, insoupon them'a new writing, which ii which were in the borders near much that we could obtain no was plain to be read, which did j the Red Sea. food. give us understanding concern15. And it came to pass that we 22. And it came to pass that I, ing the ways of the Lord; and it]

did travel for the space of many Nephi, did speak much unto my was written and changed from i days, slaying food by the way, brethren, because they had hardtime to time, according to the with our bows and our arrows ened their hearts again, even faith and diligence which we gave j and our stones and our slings. unto complaining against the unto it. And thus we see that by

16. And we did follow the diLord their God. small means the Lord can bring

rections of the ball, which led us 23. And it came to pass that J, about great things.

in the more fertile parts of the Nephi, did make out of wood a 30. And it came to pass that I. j

wilderness. bow, and out of a straight stick. Nephi did go forth up into thel

I wherefore, arrowj to did the an of according mountain traveled 17. after had And we arm,, fopthe directions with which arrow, were given an and a bow days, of the space for many we mvself

m ball. the upon sling stones a with and for the space pitch tents did our

of a time, that we might again saltdl unto my father 31. And it came to pass thatj

rest ourselves and obtain food -shall I go to 555 did slay wild beasts, for our families. that I did obtain food for our

18. And it came to pass that as 24. And it came to pass that he

T. Nenhi. went forth tn slav foorT did inquire of the Lord, for they 32. And it came to pass that I

themselves humbled because did tents, bearing return to our I did bow. had break behold. mv

word; for I did say slain; the beasts of my many and which I had steel; of 8 fine made which was

things they beheld that I had unto them in the energy now when I beafter did break and my bow, of food, my soul. obtained was how great brethren hold, were angry niv

with me. because of the loss of 25. And it came to pass that their joy! And it came to pass

my bow, for we did obtain no the, voice nfthe Lord carnp nntn, that they did humble themselves the before father; truly he Lord, and did give was,and food p his of because thanks him. murmurunto 19.. And it came to pass that we chastened

did return without food to pur ing against the Lord,, insomuch 33. And it came to pass that we

familifift, and being much fathat he was brought down into did again take our journey, travtigued, because of their journeythe depths of sorrow. eling nearly the same course as j

ing, thev did suffer much for the 26. And it came to pass that in the beginning; and after we

voice of the said traveled for the space had unto the Lord food. of want of j'

ball, him: the; did pitch Look upon our tents and many days we 20. it came to pass that And

Laman and Lemuel and the sons behold the things which are writagain, that we might tarry for the j of lshmael did begin to murmur ten. space of a time.

| their sufbecause of exceedingly in wilwhen the 27. myAndfatherit camebeheldto thepassthingsthat "lshmael34. Anddied,it cameand wasto passburiedthatin ferings and, afflictions

ball, written were upon the derness; j b which and also my father the place'which was called Nahorn. fear he did exceedand tremble Lor't'd to.fflurmuogalristjle

is.. God:- yea, and they were aiill ingly, and also my brethren and 35. And it came to pass that

exceeding sorrowful, even that the sons of lshmael and our wives. the daughters of lshmael did

they did murmur against the 28. And it came to pass that I, mourn exceedingly, because of

Lord. Nephi, beheld the pointers which the loss of their father, and be21. Now it came to pass that I, were in the ball, that they did cause of their afflictions in the

Nephi, having been afflicted with *work according to the faith and wilderness; and they did murmur

my brethren because of the loss diligence and heed which we did against my father, because he had of my bow, and their bows having give unto them, brought them out of the land of lost their springs, it began to be 29. And there was also written Jerusalem, saying: Our father is

e, 1 Ne. 4:9. 2 Ne.:15. Jar. 8. EuL 7:9. Ps. 18:34. /, 1 Ne. 16:10. z, Al. g, 1 Ne. 7:2—6, 19.

37:40. Between B. C 600 and 592.

How to Gain a Testi mony Many people say they would and fast. it is GOOD and that we want it

like to have faith, to be able to We must be SENSITIVE for ourselves. Now we must

believe. "I'd give a lot,"they enough to recognize the swelling build on this beginning,

say, "to be able to have faith like in our hearts (or the responsive NOURISHING our faith with he seems to have."tear in our eyes) as the diligence and patience and trust.

Are you like that? Do you BEGINNING of understanding If we do, it will take root and

"wish"you could have a and light, and we must be "spring up"unto eternal life testimony? HONEST enough to accept and for us.

Alma tells us how. appreciate it. Faith is a gift, but it is given

First, he says, we must really This is only the beginning, of to those who want it and seek for it isn't everything, or it and live for it.WANT to know. We must want it course—

enough to be willing to search enough—but when we have FEELING AND FAITH FOLLOW

and study and listen and pray really tasted truth, we know that ACTION.

1044 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA NOVEMBER VERSES FROM A PSALM OF NEPHI

ehold, my soul delighteth in the things of the Lord; and my heart pondereth continually upon the things which I have seen and

heard.

Nevertheless, notwithstanding the great goodness of the Lord, in showing me his great and marvelous works, my heart exclaimeth: wretched man that I am! Yea, my heart sorroweth because

flesh; my soul grieveth becaMse of mine iniquities.1$ of my

I am encompassed about, because of the temptations and the sins which do so easily beset me.

And when I desire to rejoice, my heart groaneth because of my """V sins; nevertheless, I know in whom I have trusted.

My God hath been my support; he hath led me through mine

afflictions in the wilderness; and he hath preserved me upon the

waters of the great deep.... -. <r>

then, if I have seen so great things, if the Lord in his condescension unto the children of men hath visited men in so much mercy, why shoidd my heart weep and my soul linger in the valley of sorrow, and my flesh waste away, and my strength slacken, because of mine afflictions?

And why should I yield to sin, because of my flesh? Yea, why

should I give way to temptations, that the evil one have place in my heart to destroy my peace and afflict my soul? Why am I

angry because of mine enemy?

Awake, my soul! No longer droop in sin. Rejoice, my heart,

and give place no more for the enemy of my soul.

Do not anger again because of mine enemies. Do not slacken my

strength because of mine afflictions.

Rejoice, my heart, and cry unto the Lord, and say: Lord, I

will praise thee forever; yea, my soul will rejoice in thee, my God,

and the rock of my salvation.,. g Nephi 4 16 2q 26 30 )

-Mp'r*

1046 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

29 ALMA> 40 *&/(/ //& / row up your soul, if it were not behold, you cannot carry thf for your good. with you.

8. But behold, ye cannot hide 15. And now, my son, I woi

your crimes from God; and except say somewhat unto you concei

ye repent they will stand as a ing the coming of Christ. Behc

testimony againstyou at the last I say unto you, that it is he tl day. surely shall come to take awf

9. Now my son, I would that the sins of the world; yea, ]

ye should repent and forsake your cometh to declare glad tidings o sins, and go no more after the salvation unto his people.

lusts of vour eves, but "cross your16. And now, my son, this \V

self in all these things; for except the ministry unto which ye we.i

ye do this ye can in nowise incalled, to declare these glad t herit the kingdom of God. Oh, dings unto this people, to prepai

remember, and take it upon you, their minds; or rather that salv

and cross yourself in these things. tion might come unto them, tl

prepare the minds may 10. take they you to I command And

their children to hear the wo\r it your to counseiwith you upon eider brothers in your undertakat the time of his coming.X ings; forbehold, thou art in thy 17. And now I will ease yo'

voftth. and ve.gtand in need to De mind somewhat on this subjec

nourished by your brothers. And Behold, you marvel why thes

Ion so things should be known their counsel."heecTto give

xxr.t Behold, beforehand. I say to be 11. butter not yourself

this at time is not you, a soul or foolish led vain by any away precious unto as a soul God wg;, to lead devil; suffer the not thing

away J wickeHyour Txeartharlots.againBehold,after be 18.at theIs ittimenot ofashisnecessarycoming? th? those

should 1 of redemption plan ye the great iniquity how my son, unto this people made known for | stage of the game can be a special theZoramites brought upon they when kind of help to you in coping not believe would saw yourm myconductwords.they well19. asIs untoit nottheiras children?easy at th

jSTSna how "theSpmoi the time for the Lord to ffsend h'with the problems of your

Lord doth say unto me: Comangel to declare these glad tl

mand thy children to do good, lest dings unto us as unto our chi particular world. They know how

lead the hearts they of many away dren, or as after the time of h you feel. They've been through I coming? destruction; therefore to people

son, in the you, command my fear CHAPTER 40. what you are going through. refrain your ye from of God, that

iniquities Alma to Corianton continued—Re, They've learned a bit of wisdom

stat* urrection to 13. the Lord turn ye universal—Separate That to you that are things new between of and wicked all might, and mind, your with

literal restoration righteousresurrection—A the and lead that strength; ye away are the repeat, they if, we dear—about to wickedly do of no hearts more 1. son, is som< here Now my

but rather return unto them, and what more I would say unto thee right kind. For youth should be

faults and that your acknowledge for I perceive that thy mind especially careful with whom done. ye have wrong which "resurrer. concerning the worried

tion of the dead. 14. riches after nor Seek not they counsel, to whom they listen,

2. for this Behold, of I say unto you, th. world; things vain the

Chap.e, 3 40Ne.: a,12:30.see d, f,2 Ne.vers.2. 3, 7- -9. g, Mos. 3:2—27. 27:11—17. Al.About11:31.B. C.13:3, and, as in Alma, by whom they

are nourished.

To seek the company of brothers and sisters in the gospel whose standards are as Nourished the promises of the Lord. high as yours, whose goals are as

by Brothers For instance, consider Alma's lofty, and whose dreams are as

The Book of Mormon has a lot advice to his son Corianton sweet—and to encourage as you

more than a quantity of "And it (Alma 39:10) commanding him are encouraged, to strengthen

came to pass."It has just the to counsel with his elder brothers and be strengthened is one of

kind of doit-yourself advice that in all of his undertakings. In the real blessings of being a

can make the difference in terms of your own experiences, child of God.

your life. what can this advice mean to you? And, of course, when you seek

Live it your way, and you It can mean that the right kind and get good counsel, you'll might come out lucky. of older friend, a sensitive big want to heed it. Smart people

Live it the Book of Mormon brother, or maybe a good student benefit from experiences of way, and your life will know all who has passed beyond your others.

or have that which is goodfcf25. Andft>&*many Self5LAMAN,graves shall be good,

opened, and shall yield up many restored unto yoiji; or ye can do

of their dead; and 2<Imany saints evil, and have thjat which is evil

shall appear unto many. restored unto vou.

26. And behold, thus hath the;#:;::

angel spoken unto me; for he said CHAPTER 15.

his continues Lamanite Samuel be "should that there unto me his warning of xvords—Athe for lightnings thunderings and

to to be people preserved—Nephitesremnant

of hours. space the many be reutterly unless they destroyed

27. And he said unto me that pent.

while the thunder and the lightning lasted, and the tempest, that 1. And now, my beloved breththese things should be, and that ren, behold, I declare unto you

darkness should cover the face of that except ye shall repent your the whole earth for the space of "houses shall be left unto you "three days. desolate.

repent, your except 2. Yea, ye angel said the 28. And

to shall great cause have unto women greater shall see that many me shall in that the they day mourn intent these, to the than things that they might believe that these give suck; for ye shall attempt to

signs and these wonders should flee and there shall be no place come to pass upon all the face of for refuge; yea, and wo unto

this land, to the intent that there them which are with child, for should be no cause for unbelief they shall be heavy and cannot flee; shall trodtherefore, be they children the of men among

left shall to be and down den intent 29. to this that the And perish.

will believe be whosoever might 3. this people Yea, unto wo will that saved, whosoever and

called of are people Nephi the who believe, righteous judgment not a shall except repent, they when also and them; come upon might

all shall see these signs they and if bring they are condemned they shall wonders be which showed contheir themselves upon own unto behold, for them; have they demnation.

people a chosen of been the Lord 30. And now remember, reyea, the people of Nephi hath he

that my'brethren, who member, loved, also he chastened hath and perisneth soever perisheth, unto in yea, their of the them; days

in - doeth whosoever I himselfj and iniquities chastened he hath them it iqui ty, doeth himself; unto loveth for because he them. is what and is good what Ibehold, free; ye are per jffare behold the wrong, brethren, 4. But my jpittpH afit ff)r f.q ynnrg'pli/pVTnr hath he Lamanites because hated of and God""cometh evil, what "behold, given hath unto you God evil their deeds conhave been

a knowledge and he hath made tinually, and this because of the what "cometh of the devil."

free. you iniquity of the "tradition of their

It's a great system. It works! 31. behold, salvation But He hath given unto you fathers.

that good ye might hath come unto through from them know the Here are a few typical p.vil. given and he hatjh unto vou preaching Nephites; of the and

that ye might choose life or, for this intent hath the Lord prosituations. Try these against

pVath; and ye jean do good and longed their days.

<be restored ur.to that which is 5. And I would that ye should Mormon's spiritual "measuring

2 Ne.z, see2. g,2c, Jac.Al. 41.4. 2a,Chap.3 Ne. 1523::7—13.a, see y, 2b,He. see14. s. b, 2c,see seen, Jac.*, 1 7.Ne. About19. 2d,B. seeC. 6.I, stick"and then put the test to

your own activities.

Do the following bring you closer to God or closer to Measuring Stick difference between right and the devil?

knew. 1. speaking rudely, sassily to wrong—or they never

Most teens want to be good. Some never consider the parents, or about them

But some do a better job of it consequences, the "whatcomes- 2. parking and petting

than others. next"phase of their choices. 3. getting help from a

Some get caught in traps of Some just don't stop to think neighbor during exams 4. passing on a bit of gossip their own making.—in time!

Some get snared in nets cast Moroni 7, particularly verses 5. skipping the church meeting

about them by socalled "friends."12 through 17, as he presents after opening exercises

Some circulate on a "onceMormon's teachings, provides a 6. skiing on Sunday

won't-hurtme"basis. measuring stick whereby we may 7. inviting the newcomer

Some have forgotten the big judge what is right and what is into your circle

1048 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

&xeA7 Carre* wrm %; 278 ALMA732."\

out being brought to know the suppose that I mean to judge you word, or even compelled to know, only according to that which is before they will believe. true—

17. Yea, there are many who 25. For I do not mean that ye

do say: If thou wilt show unto all of you have been 'compelled

us a sign from heaven, then we to humble yourselves; for I verily

shall know of a surety; then we believe that there are some among

Parents Need; shall18. believe.Now I ask, is this faith? youselves,wholet themwouldbe humblein whatsoeverthemHelp, Too Behold,if a manI knowethsay untoa you,thingNay;he hathfor circumstances26. Now, as theyI saidmight.concerning

no cause to believe, for he knowaith—tjnat it washot a perfect

eth so 19. it. And now, how much pmore words. nowledee—even, Ye cannot knowit is withof theirmv All parents know what all

cursed is he that knoweth the will surety at first, unto perfection, children sometime get around to of God and doeth it not, than he any more than faith is a perfect that only believeth, or only hath knowledge.

learning: PARENTS AREN'T cause to believe, and falleth into 27. But behold, if ve will awake

transgression? arouse your faculties and to, even PERFECT! of this thing ye must 20. Now. an experiment words upon mv

Behold, you, judge. unto I say particle Parents are people, and like all.exercise,.a and of faitfr,

other people, PARENTS MAKE thatit is itonistheon other;the oneandhandit shalleven beas desire Y& even)to ifbelieve,ve canletno thismnrgdesirethan

until ye believe place MISTAKES! work.unto every man according to his *4M-a"mannerworOTyou, thatevenye can give

I 21. concern as said now And portion a of for wnri, Mothers mv and

i s to not a,; have faith—faith AFT 28. will I Now, the compare we

'perfect answers, things of knowledgeknow if seed,. unto give a word ye Now, fathersso—likejust can't

if faith therefore have ye ye hope alace, that seed planted a be maytheir for seen, are things not which it if children—PARENTSall the heart, behold, your be a n

.;rue seed, or a good seed, if ye doNEED TO LEARN! which are true.

22. And now, behold, I say lot cast it out by your unbelief,

Every human being, including unto you, and I would that ye;hat ye will resist the Spirit of the

moms and dads, has needs: mercifulshould remember,unto all whothatbelieveGod onis Lord,gwell withinbehold, yourit willbreasts:begin andto

PARENTS NEED TO BE ACCEPTED hisin thename;first thereforeplace, thathe yedesireth,should tions,cvhen youye willfeel beginthese toswellingsay within,moAND LOVED! believe, yea, even on his word. yourselves—It must needs be that

is seed, that the or good a his 23. imparteth he now, And

it In short, is to beginneth good, for his word NEED PARENTS yea, angels unto by men, word it beginsoul; yea, enlarge my also. only not but men women LOYALTYSUPPORT AND AND neti} enlighten to understandmy little chilis all; this not Now

it deto be vea. beginneth ing, given unto do dren have words HELP.FORGIVENESS AND licious to mi"times confound which them many

The question is, Who is in the the wise and the learned. 29. Now behold, would not this a

best position to do something ren,24. asAndye now,have mydesiredbelovedto brethknow you.increaseYea;vourneverthelessfaith? 1it savhathunto'not

about all of this? of me rwhat ye shall do because grown up to a perfect knowledge!"

seed behold, afflicted as tne 30. But cast are and ye out—now

besprouteth, and and The answer is, YOU. should swelleth, desire that ye not I do

r, ver. 5. 8, see k. About B. C. 74. Young Nephi found that out p, D. & C. 41:1, g, vers. 17—19.

a long time ago.

The story is simple. The Lord W'W-had told Lehi, Nephi's father, to

take his family and flee into the prophet Lehi "began to murmur place? His father had made a

wilderness from Jerusalem. They against the Lord his God."mistake, had lost faith, wavered.

hunted wild animals for food. The decision confronting Nephi The expedition was in trouble.

Nephi, though only a lad, was was an interesting one, to say Perhaps the idea occurred to their best hunter. One day he the least. While "exceeding Nephi that this would seem the

broke his bow and the company than Laman right time to take over, to assume young"—youngerwas thrown into a panic because and Lemuel—he had already leadership. But there was his

without his skill they faced learned from the Lord that he was father, in trouble, lacking in starvation. to be "ruler and teacher"over confidence.

In their fear Nephi's brothers his brothers. He was to be What would happen to him,

and others began to complain his father's successor. this honorable father who had

bitterly, and even the faithful What would you do in Nephi's been so obedient to the Lord and

1050 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

ginneth to grow, then you must with much care it will get root, needs say that the seed'15 gooff; and grow up, and bring forth

tor penold it sweiieth, and sprout-""""irmt.

etn. ana beginneth to grow 38.'But if ye neglect the tree,

31. And now, behold, "are ye and take no thought for its noursure that this is a good seed? I ishment, behold it will not get any

say Unto you, Yea; for every seed root; and when the heat of the

bringeth forth unto its own likesun cometh and scorcheth it, beness. cause it hath no root it withers

32. Therefore, if a seed growaway, and ye pluck it up and cast

eth it is good, but if it groweth it out.

not, behold it is not good, there39. Now, this is not because the

fore it is cast away. seed was not good, neither is it

33. And now, behold, because because the fruit thereof would

and the experiment,ye have tried desirable not be the seed,planted ana it sweiieth your ground is barren,; but itandis becauseye will and arrow, Father, and I can't

to beginneth sproutgtftandand tree, the therefore not nourish ye afford to make a mistake. The y&niust needsgrow, know that fruit thereof. the cannot have

BeetTls good.—the if thus, ye will 40. And not morale of the people is so low.

34. Ana forlooking the now, behold, is vour nourish word,

knowledge perfect? Yea, youi ward with an eye of faith to the I must succeed so their faith and

knowledge and your faith is perfect"TsdlllfHBHfWuin that thing, fruitof the thereof,fruit of yethecantreeneverof life.pluck initiative will be reborn. Will

, for yethis because know if ye nourish ye will 41. But I should where the Lord ask the you swelled hath that the wordknow the nourish word,-yea tree"

also that and ye knowyour yo beginneth the food? I know obtain go to tojggeawby

it un-, that your sprouted up namsouls, nligehceN anx derstanding doth betegin to oe en- r&vd to the Lord will answer you."

lightenedHgh and it:eof, y6W mTnTT shall root; take

.begfin to expand, it tree What did this do for Lehi? shall be and behold a

*"7?5. U then, is not th springing unto everlasting up life. Why, the bent back straightened! nssay ifnTETW'Tgff of your dinbecause 4Z. And

light; and whatsoever is gence and your faith and your The sorrowing heart rejoiced!

good, because it is fhible, patience with the word in nourtherefore ye must know that it is ishing it, that it may take root in The furrowed brow cleared! The

after gegood; and now behold, ye shall you, behold, by and by

'light is tastedLihishays your is dimmed eyes brightened! On thereof, which the fruit pluck

periecTTknowledge is precious, which most sweet 'bended knees a renewed prophet \VlU(!iIl all 36. Jtfehold and 1 say unto you, Nay; above that'B sweet,

neither must ye lay aside your is white above all that is white, talked with the Lord and was exercised"that onlyfaith, for ye all have above pure yea"'and is blessed with inspiration. this* to the seed feast plant uponyour faith and ye tshall that'pure

re might try the experiment to fruit even until yeare "filled, thaf Through the considerate act now if the seed was good ye hunger not, neither shall ye 37. And behold, as the tree bethirst. of a loyal son, a wavering father

4H. ye willgine**5jiPfees2;row, say: ye ThpiTmy brethren, Let 'shall steadied to his work and died faith, your thefewards)f trTaT care, reap greatusmtmrish Jt with

and patience,xit and root, that grow vou!kdiligeee\v I \j—- -7 it may for the, the honored leader of his people. waiting us.* and longsuffering, fruit forth untoup, and bring

And now behold, if ye nourish it tree to bring forth fruit unto you. A noble son truly honored his

t, see 6, 1 Ne. 8. About B. C. 74. parent and his God and holds

a place in history as a great

prophetleader.

What Nephi did for his father, so loyal to his trust? Would he solution could scarcely be we can do for parents, friends,

live out his life in shame and imagined. leaders, others in the time of

sorrow because he had made a Nephi made a bow and arrow their need. To forgive, sustain,

mistake, weakened momentarily out of available materials, support, rather than criticize, in a time of pressure and crisis? acquired a sling and some stones, is to be truly Christian.

If the idea occurred to him and went to his father for Goethe said it plainly: "If you

even fleetingly, Nephi rejected it. counsel as to where he should treat an individual as he is, he

He acted immediately, and his hunt. We can imagine will remain as he is. But if you

action was designed not only to the conversation: "Father, the treat him as if he were what he

save the expedition but to Lord loves you because you have ought to be and could be, he will strengthen and restore his father. honored him. We need help. I become what he ought to be

A more considerate and gracious have only this makeshift bow and could be."

NOVEMBER 196S 1091 Let's Talk About Prayer WHY PRAY? Discuss. (William WHERE PRAY? Discuss.

Mark Twain's Huckleberry James says the reason we Alma 34:21, 26: In our houses,

Finn is talking. pray is that we cannot help our private places, our

"It made me shiver. And I praying.) "wilderness."

about made up my mind to pray Alma 7:23: "... asking for WHEN PRAY? Discuss.

and see if I couldn't try to quit whatsoever things ye stand Alma 34:21, 27: Morning,

being the kind of boy i was and in need, both spiritual and noon, and night. As we need

be better. So I kneeled down. temporal; always returning it. Always in our hearts.

But the words wouldn't come. thanks unto God for whatAlma 37:37: When we lie

Why wouldn't they? It weren't no soever things ye do receive."down; when we rise; over

use to try and hide it from Enos 4: The soul hungers for all our doings.

Him... I knowed very well why communion with God, for ANY WARNING OR LIMITATION:

they wouldn't come. It was salvation. Discuss.

because my heart warn't right; it Moroni 7:48: To know and be 2 Nephi 4:35: Ask not amiss.

was because I weren't square; filled with his love. Helaman 10:4, 5: According

it was because I was playing HOW TO PRAY? Discuss. to His will.

double. I was letting on to give 3 Nephi 19:6: They knelt down WITH WHAT PROMISE?

up sin, but away inside of me I and prayed unto the Father in Mosiah 4:1116: (Read this

was holding on to the biggest one the name of Jesus Christ. carefully, aloud, to learn

of all. I was trying to make my 3 Nephi 18:21: Family prayer. God's promises to the

mouth say I would do the right IN WHAT SPIRIT? Discuss. prayerful person who

thing and the clean thing. But Alma 38:13, 14: Not in humbles himself, calls on

deep down in me, I knowed it was arrogance or smug the Lord daily, and stands a lie, and He knowed it. YOU superiority. stedfastly in the faith.)

CANT PRAY A LIE... I found Mosiah 4:11: In the depths THEN WHAT?

that out."of humility. Alma 34:28: Live the gospel

threshold—thinking,To the young persondeciding,on the Moroniintent; with7:6-9,all 48:the Withenergyreal Almaor our7:2224:prayer is Bevain.diligent and

doing for himself for the of heart. generous and gracious.

first is the catalyst PRAY FOR WHAT? Discuss. Be NOW READ AGAIN AND DISCUSS time—prayer

and comfort. sure to apply the scriptures THE EXPERIENCES OF:

The scriptures have many to your specific lives. Enos (full chapter).

marvelous stories of prayer and Alma 13:2729: That we will A wonderful story.

much important counsel to give not be tempted above that The Zoramites: Alma 31:1218.

us. Volumes are written on the which we can bear. Alma 38:1015.

subject. Almost everyone has a Alma 34:1827: For mercy; CONCLUSION: The Book of

favorite quotation on prayer. over -flocks, fields, Mormon has many marvelous

Gather your friends about you household, etc. lessons and instructions on

sometime soon and follow the 2 Nephi 32:9: That our work prayer and praying, and much

discussion below and read aloud for him will be consecrated."wonderful inspiration to help

the excerpts taken from the Book Moroni 10:4: Spiritual in daily decisions and

of Mormon. knowledge and witness. difficulties.

1052 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Living in the World Without Being a Part to the same moral obligations that we, who have of the World been blessed with the revelations of God, are

BY JOHN K. EDMUNDS under. Had our nonMormon friends received the

Word of Wisdom by revelation from God, they

My professional life in Chicago, extending well might have observed it more faithfully than we.

over a quarter of a century, has involved me in i have found no magic formula for keeping the a long series of conferences, luncheons, dinners, standards of the Church. To me the observance of

and receptions where nondrinkers and nonsmokers these standards is a matter of the will. I

were conspicuous. Once, during the cocktail consider and believe to be a truism the fundamental

period preceding a dinner in honor of the federal principle that "a man can do what he ought to do."

judges in the Chicago area, a gentleman sought me God gives to every man and woman, to every out and remarked, "I believe you and I are the only boy and girl who sincerely desire it the power to nondrinkers here tonight."He was holding a keep his commandments. Were this not so, then our

president the ale in of his. hand. gingerglass He was free be agency—freedom to choose—would

I believe Illinois Association. Bar Stateof the meaningless. And I want to say to my young

his observation was accurate. Latterday Saint friends that if you will do what you

The Word of Wisdom, though very important, ought, you will find joy and peace in life. Never

is a relatively small part of the gospel of Jesus seek to please others by proving untrue to yourself

Christ, and our friends should never be left and your church standards. Throughout your

with the impression that this is all we have to life you will find that it is incomparably easier offer the world, or that Mormons are just people and less embarrassing to observe your Latterday who do not smoke or drink. The higher standards Saint standards than to explain to yourself

of the Church, such as "being honest, true, chaste, or to others why you don't. And it is so much

benevolent, virtuous, and... doing good to all more satisfying.

men;"appeal to all right thinking persons and

never require either apology or explanation. John K. Edmunds is an outstanding Chicago

During all my years in Chicago, I have never felt attorney, who was awarded his juris doctor degree from Northwestern University after an the necessity for indulging in alcohol, illustrious career as a student, scholar, and tobacco, tea, or coffee, nor have I ever served teacher at several schools and universities.

or kept these things in our home. And I have Honored widely in his profession, President

never felt the need to apologize for the observance Edmunds currently serves as patriarch in the of our church standards. I have often counseled Chicago Stake and as a member of the general

priesthood home teaching committee of thea nonMormon friend against the use of tobacco Church. He served for eighteen years as

or alcohol, but I do not recall having ever president of the Chicago Stake and is one of the criticized one for their use. They are not subject outstanding speakers and leaders in the Church.

NOVEMBER 1965 IOS3 Roundup New York World's Fair Seminars. Such vital topics for in the modern world with MIA

a long life of happiness as as a guide. Youths were scheduledYouth Conference

honesty, chastity, and the Word speakers in general assemblies,

For more than a year now, of Wisdom were examined by and the testimonies of others considerable attention has been 40 separate groups each having were heard in the closing session.

directed to New York and exciting about 25 young people and an Socials and sightseeing. A

things at the World's Fair. And adult discussion leader. whole afternoon and evening were

1,100 young Latterday Saints Choruses. A 125voice youth on the agenda for seeing the

in the eastern coastal region of the choir sang once at the World's Fair. Saturday afternoon

land, from North Carolina New York Pavilion and twice at was a sightseeing tour of the northward to Canada, got to the Mormon Pavilion. At the big city. And a Saturday night

share in the excitement of friends, Sunday morning conference dance featured Jerry Jerome's talents, culture, and spiritual session, the Cumorah Youth Orchestra and the popular enlightenment last summer Chorus sang, and in the afternoon Hitchhikers.

centered at Columbia University the New York and New Jersey Sunday morning. While the

in New York City. The occasion youth choruses combined to young men held their priesthood

was the first youth conference furnish the singing. meeting, the young women had

Youth participants.of their called special York featuring It was program New Stake—they

Washington Stake which it the stake York set the officers World's Fair and general New

Mormon Youth Conference. The conference on its way Friday subjects: "To have a date,""To

stake MIA's superintendent morning with their "Miamatic,"a be a missionary,""To be

LeeToblerand president Winnifred halfhour skit in rhyme that married."

Bowers directed the proceedings. emphasized the teenagers'role

Just consider this full schedule of activities and note the prominent leaders whose presence contributed to the success of the convention:

Church leaders. G. Stanley McAllister, president of New York

Stake, keynoted the opening of the threeday session on Friday,

August 13. Church leaders from

Salt Lake City were Elder Marion

D. Hanks of the First Council

of the Seventy and Era of Youth editor; Marvin J. Ashton, first

assistant general superintendent of the Young Men's Mutual Improvement Association; and

Margaret R. Jackson, first

counselor in the Young Women's

Mutual Improvement Association Youth choir sings at New York State Pavilion, World's general presidency. They Fair. Frank Carlisle conducts (above). A seminar

brought with them the theme group (below).

that you, the individual church member, are held responsible that you are called to serve.

American Cancer Society program. Saturday morning Lane

W. Adams, executive vice

president of the American Cancer

Society and a member of the Church, conducted a session on the hazards of smoking. Dr.

Emerson Day, a leading cancer diagnostician and director of the Strang Cancer Prevention Clinic in New York, and Emerson

Foote, wellknown advertising executive and president of the

National InterAgency Council on

Smoking, were featured participants in this program.

1054 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA also all other achievements throughout her years in MIA including the most recent Laureate award.

The enthusiasm Marlene Kelly of Brigham City, Utah, has for vigorous, generous living is an example of how youth of the Church can dedicate themselves

John Goul Jayne Litster Marlene Kelly to our Heavenly Father, have many friends, and achieve success in several activities even at age 18. At a district volleyball tournament in Ogden, Utah,

earlier this year, Marlene was chosen most outstanding girl John Goul, 19, of Los Angeles, the San Fernando Second Ward, for her leadership, example,

California, after four years of San Fernando Stake, and the dedication, and youth missionary swimming on his high school Branch for the Deaf in Los work through the sports program.

varsity team and earning 45 Angeles. She has earned her MIA class

ribbons in swimming, was awards and individual awards selected to represent the United every year; has been on church

States in competition with 44 tournamentwinning basketball other countries in the 100meter The Idaho Civitan Club awarded and softball teams; is her ward's

freestyle swim at the 10th first place in a statewide sports director and a certified

International Games for the Deaf speech contest having the theme camp director; won first place

in Washington, DC, last "Think, speak, build America's in her ward speech festival;

summer. John is a natural future"to Jayne Litster of teaches in Junior Sunday School;

athlete and has achieved success Boise. The subject of her winning has had considerable influence

in several other sports. speech was "Before we can on many nonMormon girls,

Furthermore, he has maintained build America's future, we must three of whom have joined the an A average in high school and shape our own characters and Church; works at a grocery store

this past year served as sports build our lives."Jayne is an four hours a day; acquired a

editor for the high school outstanding girl in every way betterthan-average grade point yearbook. He has a fine record and has faithfully achieved her at Weber State College; and is her

of Aaronic Priesthood activity in individual awards each year, stake Gleaner representative.

Roustabouts who served and cleared meals dressed like

Dr. Suess characters during camp outing. Here they serve

camp directors Jane Urvine and Joy Cannon. Left to

right are Kathy Cannon, Laurie Carlston, Tanya Thomson, Cherly Shimizu, Linda Urvine.

CABIN CAMPING... is more

fun than a circus for girls in

Glendale Stake, California.

Camp Director Joy Cannon and assistant Jane Urvine have an enviable record of certifications, too. This year's camp at Malibu

Beach featured talks, treats, tricks, and their own special birthday party in honor of President David 0. McKay

complete with cake and singing.

Evelyn Beck, stake YWMIA president, brought special guests, who loved the way each ward had costumes and cabins decorated according to special themes. "Circus a go go"was

theme of the week.

NOVEMBER 1868 1055 The Last Word

Everywhere in nature we are taught the lessons of patience and waiting. We want things a

long time before we get them, and the fact that we wanted them a long time makes them all the—Presidentmore preciousJosephwhen theyF. Smithcome.

There is no happiness without service, and there is no service greater than that which converts the home into a divine institution, and which promotes and preserves family life.—President Joseph F. Smith

A university graduate working on juvenile deThe courage we desire and the prize linquency reported in a sociology study group is not the courage to die decently that he was having difficulty in collecting data. but to live manfully. -Carlisle

His task was to phone a dozen homes around 9 pm and ask parents if they knew where their children were at this hour. "My first five calls,"

he lamented, "were answered by children who Life is neither a good nor an evil, but had no idea where their parents were."simply the scene of good and evil.—Seneca

Director: "Have you ever had any stage experience?3 "

Applicant: "Well, I had my leg in a cast once."

The fouryear-old boy at the dinner table spoke up: "I'm a good boy.

eating all of my bread, even the bark."

True thanksgiving is not just a once-a-year response in lipservice;

it is a constant affair of the heart.

"What's the matter?""I wish I could reWhat nobler employment, or

"I wrote an article vise the alphabet."more valuable to the state, than

on Fresh Milk, and the "How?""I'd put U that of the man who instructs

editor condensed it."and 1 closer together."the rising generation?—Cicero

"Isn't it great to be well?". "Yes.

Especially when you're sick."

1056 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Brigham Young University Travel Study

Tours for Adults and Students—1966

I PEOPLES AND ARTS TOUR OF

EUROPE JuneAugust, 1966 (First Class Tour) Visit: New York, Portugal, Spain,

Riviera, Switzerland, Italy, Greece,

Yugoslavia, Austria, Germany, Den-, mark, Sweden, Norway, Holland,

Belgium, France, England, Scotland, Ireland.

2. EASTERN EUROPEAN TOUR

JuneAugust, 1966 (Tourist Accommodations-Student Tour)

Visit: New York, Spain, Italy,

Greece, Yugoslavia, Hungary, Russia, Czechoslovakia, East Germany,

France, England.

3 # STUDENT EUROPEAN TOUR JuneAugust, 1966 (Tourist Accommodations-Student Tour)

Visit: New York, Holland, Belgium,

France, Riviera, Italy, Austria,

Switzerland, Germany, Denmark,

EIFFEL TOWER J M. Heslop CARTHAGE JAIL Larry Nicholson Sweden, Norway, Scotland, England.

4 TOUR OF CENTRAL AND SOUTH AMERICA JuneJuly, 1966 (First Class Tour)

Visit: Guatemala, Peru, Chile, Argentina, Brazil, Venezuela. Puerto

Rico. 5 BIBLE LANDS TOUR June, 1966 (First Class Tour) Visit: Lebanon, Egypt, Syria, Jor

dan, Israel, Greece, New York.

A CHURCH HISTORYHILL CUMORAH PAGEANT TOUR Late July—Early August, 1966

(First Class Tour) Visit: New York, Vermont, Palmyra,

Fayette, Kirtland, Carthage, Nauvoo, Independence, Omaha.

J t 'ROUND THE WORLD TOUR JuneAugust, 1966 (First Class Tour) Visit: Honolulu, Japan, Formosa,

Hong Kong, Philippines, Thailand,

India, Kenya, Uganda, Egypt, Syria,

ROOF TOPS OF JERUSALEM Doyle L. Green PERUVIAN RUINS J. Vernon Sharp Jordan, Israel, Turkey, Greece.

To Be Truly Educated You Must Traveel! CLIP AND MAIL

Brigham Young University Learn as you travel under the direction of Department of Travel Study

Provo, Utah 84601 experienced BYU professors. Please send me information on the

tours I have marked Enjoy the finest tours at reasonable cost with TOURS: 1 2 3 4 5 6 7

Name the best companionship.

Address

City Brigham Young University THE WORLD IS OUR CAMPUS State Zip Code

Second Class Postage Paid at Salt Lake City, Utah

The key to holding the home of your dreams... is Beneficial Mortgage Insurance. If anything happens to you, your family is left with the home you want them to haverather than a mortgage

they cannot afford to pay. As soon as you find the home you want,

BENEFICIAL UFEthe next logical step is to call your Beneficial Life agent about a (j/rttutance ffinwanv

Virgil H. Smith, Pres. Salt Lake City, Utahmortgage insurance plan to fit your new home and your income.

r

r**i J..J..1.

w*