The Improvement Era July 1965 I & m i Students! Make sure NOW

that you are prepared to register at BYU

Brigham Young University, one of the world's in June. However, students who missed it and who

great universities, is attracting top students from intend to enter BYU may take the test any time at the every state and abroad to its outstanding student University in Provo through July 30 or at one of the body. To facilitate planning, advisement and regisBYU Continuing Education Centers in Los Angeles, Salt

ration for them, the University has instituted several Lake City, Ogden, and Idaho Falls on a single date, new regulations for autumn semester 1965 of which July 17.

students should be aware so that they will not en- 4. A $25 deposit is required no later than 30

counter delays or difficulties when they seek to days after admission is granted.

register. Students with any problems or questions about

New students should make sure to observe these admission or their status should not hesitate to four things: contact the BYU Admissions Office.

1. Deadline for application for admission is

July 31. VITAL DATES TO REMEMBER

2. The application must be accompanied by a July 17—Date of American College Test at BYU

transcript of previous high school or college credits. Continuing Education Centers.

Test be taken College must 3. The American 20—Second term of Summer July 19—Aug. in will results figure adbecause admissionbefore School.

missions evaluation. The last national test date was July 30—Last date for American College Test

CUP AND MAIL I at BYU before application deadline.

TO: July 31—Deadline for applications for admisUniversity Relations Division sion to autumn semester.

Brigham Young University, Provo, Utah Sept. 16—Registration begins for autumn semester.

Please send me more information about BYU. I am especially

interested in Brigham Young NAME

ADDRESS. UNIVERSITY

CITY STATE. PROVOUTAH

Exploring the Universe

By Dr. Franklin S. Harris Jr.

GOVERNMENT REQUIRES

SAFER CARS

Much safer automobiles are in prospect as a result of the US government's requirements for the about 68,000 passenger cars it buys each year. Present requirements include

seat belts. Proposals being studied

include collapsible steering columns to cut down chest and face injuries; steel "roll bars"to resist

roof caveins when cars overturn;

auto bodies built so they will crumple enough to absorb part of the impact in a crash; bumpers with

hydraulic shock absorbers; padded

dashboards; recessed instruments,

handles, and knobs; and head rests

to prevent necksnapping in certain kinds of collisions.

EYES SHOW MENTAL WORK

Psychologists at the University of

Chicago have found that changes in the size of the pupil of the eye can be used as a measurement of mental activity. Work with multiplication problems found that men- U&l Sugar gives you get up and go!

tal activity closely agrees with problem difficulty and that the size of the pupil increases with the difficulty of the problem. For the active outdoor

FOOD AND DENTAL DECAY family, the natural food

Recent studies in New Zealand of energy in picnic treats the effect of elements present in made with U & 1 Sugar only trace concentrations show some new relationships to dental... is vital for healthy,

decay. Areas with soils that have

a high pH (more alkaline) and calactive bodies! Serve

cium carbonate content vegetables with more molybdenum produce energyhigh U & 1 Sugar SUGAR \ fland less manganese, and there is a treats often. PURE 'kjfiil

lower incidence of dental caries. RNE GRANULATED Mj

Similar results were found in exBuy Energy High U & 1periments in feeding molybdenum and manganese to twin lambs. the sugar from our land.

JULY 19G5 593 The Improvement Era The Voice of the Church

Official organ of the Priesthood

Quorums, Mutual Improvement Associations, Home Teaching, Music

Committee, Department of Education, and other agencies of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints

Contents for July 1965 Volume 68, Number 7

Church Features ART AND PHOTO CREDITS

Art Direction: Ralph Reynolds

The Editor's Page: The Mormon Pioneers, President David O. McKay 604 593,604605596, Photo:604605TedArt:CannonEd Maryon

Your Question: Why Administer the Sacrament to Little Children? 608 Photo:courtesy Ernstof USWittke.Forest FossilService

President Joseph Fielding Smith 606 611613, Art:614 Art:StephenEd MaryonConover

617 Art: Burton Fletcher

618619 Art: Maurice Scanlon

Art: 620621 Martha Purdy Priesthood: Melchizedek Church On, 600; Is Special The Witness, Moves 634, Book of Mormon

Wiggins Photo: Lorin 634635

Project, Christmas Presiding Bishopric's Book of Mormon 635; I Believe, Page: This 636. 636637 Photos: Unknown

638 Art: Stephen Conover

641 Art: Virginia Sargent

642 Art: Phyllis Luch

Special Features 649652 Photo:Art: DaleDoyleKilbournL. Green

The Gospel and the Age of the Earth, Henry Eyring. 608 656654655Art: Art:DaleVirginiaKilbournSargent

Genealogy: Genealogical Help through Relatives, George B. Everton 614 658660 toArt:663VirginiaPhotos: SargentLayton Stake,

Spence Kinard; Miss Utah, Hess

Atlantic Studio, City, New Since Cumorah, New Voices from the Dust, Part 4, Hugh Nibley 616 Jersey; Paxman, Maurey Nancy

Teaching: The Love of God, William E. Berrett 618 Garber,Glendale NewStake,YorkDougCity;Carter;

The Wayside Graves on the Pioneer Trail, President Heber J. Grant 620 AudubonScottsdale Ward,Stake, unknownunknown;

Two High National Honors 644 664 Art: Ed Maryon

The Spoken Word from Temple Square, Richard L. Evans 623, 632, 646 AllRalphotherReynoldsart andStudiophotos:

Exploring the Universe, Franklin S. Harris, Jr., 593; These Times: The "Big"University, G.

Homer Durham, 596; Letters and Reports, 598. WORLD'S FAIR

Information on reservations for

The Era of Youth: Trailing Clouds of Glory.649 housingattendingaccommodationsthe World's Fairwhilemay be

The Last Word.664 obtainedErnest H. byWiemercontacting

LDS World's Fair Housing Center 8569 60th Drive Elmhurst, New York 11373 Family and Home Features TelephoneReservationsOLmust13540be made early.

Today's Family, Florence B. Pinnock, Editor

Time to Stretch 638 Home, Sweet Home, FBP 641 Is Your Yard Safe for Children? Blanche Campbell 642

Stories, Poetry July That Summer, Christie Lund Coles 610

Poetry.... 613, 632, 643, 648

The Improvement Era Offices, 79 South State, Salt Lake City, Utah 84111

O. David Editors: Richard and L. Doyle Green, Managing C. Associate Marba Josephson, Editor; Managing Albert L. Zobell Editor;McKay Research Carter E. Grant, Davis, Becki L. Evans,Donna Darold Editorial Associates; Marlowe,Editor; Florence Pinnock, Today's EditorFamily MarionJr THE COVER

D. Hanks, Editor; The Era Youth Elaine of Hiccins,Cannon, Editor; Era Associate The Direction: Youth Art of Ralph Studio. ReynoldsB.

G. Homer Durham, Franklin S. Harris, Jr., Huch Nibley, Sidney B. Sperry. Alma A. Gardiner, Contributing Editors. Hal Rumel of Salt Lake City

G. Smith, Carlos

Director; Thayer Evans,Jr., GeneralAdvertisingManager;Director.Florence S. Jacobsen, Associate General Manager; Verl F. Scott, Business Manager; A. Glen Snarr Subscription thecapturespioneer—rudethe humbledwelling,dignity of

earth, sky. unmarred good Such

Superintendent, General Young Men's Mutual Association of Improvement of Christ Church The Jesus of Latterdav Saints, 1965, published and by the Mutual life ingredients kept worth Associations Improvement of of Christ The Church Jesus of Latterday All rights reserved. Subscription price, $3.00 a year, in advance; multiple subscripliving and and made the men tions, years, So.lo; women 2 years, $8.25; each 3 succeeding year, $2.50 a year to the price. three addedSaints. year

in great that element and at Entered the Post Office, Salt City, as Lake secondclass Utah matter. for'mailing Acceptance at special rate of postage provided for in section 1103

or October 1917, authorized act Godfearing. 2, 1918. July

is The Improvement Era not responsible for unsolicited manuscripts but welcomes contributions. for Manuscripts are paid on acceptance at the rate of 2c a word and must sufficient be accompanied for by postage delivery return. and

Thirty is days'notice required for of address. change ordering a lithographed change, please When Cover include address issue slip from recent a Address of the magazine

changes cannot unless be the as old made address well as the one is included. new by Deseret News Pressin full color

594 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Reprints Boohs to A New of Old Supple Release

Favorites ment The Key to Theology Family by Parley P. Pratl One of the foremost literary figures of Night

the LDS Church, Parley P. Pratt wrote

with the insight of a great scholar and the inspiration of a true apostle. In

his book The Key to Theology, he explores the restored gospel and clarifies many important points.

$2.25

&'...- The Dick Romney Story Teaching with J\ew by E. L "Dick"Romney Techniques

Here is the dramatization of By Charles R. Hobbs

sports in the Rocky Mountain For teachers of the gospel, parents,

States... and elsewhere wherofand class,those Teachingcalled to WithinstructNewany Techkind

ever football and basketball niques is the key to stimulating lessons have been played throughout TNTand forraptthoseclass whoattention.really wantThis tobookcomis

the United States. This automunicate more effectively.

biography brims with little- $3.75

The Gospel and Man's known stories. It captures the And They Shall Teach Relationship to Diety profound sporting philosophy Their Children

by B. H. Roberts of the author. It is the story by Reed H. Bradford

training of a began boy who scholar, leading author Church LDS A will Every to incorparent LDS want in sellers, for religious best basketball of penold barn several an all hints fine ideals porate of the and in this originally volume ned 1888 in this outlined excellent volume. And as a sportsman up ended and

in serving while missionary Engas a Shall Their They Teach Children exIt for written at with land. the youth coach remarkable a was and to plains the great parcommandment

the instigation superintendof general... their ents to give direction children record.

of the AssoMutual Improvement ency it this also direction shows can how

It is brilliantly ciation. written and

is given. author qualbe The highly a $2.95 will better the help reader understand ified educator.

principles. basic gospel

$3.25 $3.50

44 East South Temple Salt Lake City, Utah

Dear Sir: Enclosed please find check money order

an account, please charge Amount $ For: (1) The

Key to Theology by Parley P. Pratt; (2) The Gospel and Man's Relationwith by Teaching Charles R. Hobbs,- (5) New Techniques Romney; (4) tteseret ship to Diety by B. H. Roberts; (3) The Dick Romney Story by E. L. "Dick"COM Book Bradford Children Shall by Reed H. Teach Their They MALL And 44 EAST SO. TEMPLE ANDP ATAN COTTONWOODY

CITY SALT LAKE BLVD., 2472 WASHINGTON OGDEN Name

777 SO. MAIN ST., ORANGE, CALIFORNIA

.State..Zip.

Residents of Utah please add 3Va% sales tax.

Residents of California, when ordering through California store, please add 4% sales tax.

JULY 1965 59 5 a

19651966 The "BIG"University

THESE TIMES MIA By Dr. G. Homer Durham

THEME President, Arizona State University, Tempe

SET TO MUSIC

"He That Hath My Commandments"

with music by Don A. Crandall, is an Art Song composition for presentation of the

new MIA Theme for 196566.

Among other things, the twenThose words, written in 1912, tieth century may go down in now typify a growing feeling history as the, era in which human around the world. American proFOR USE IN societies, in the mass, "discovered"fessors and students have gone

the existence, utility, and potential abroad by the thousands since 1945 of the institution known as a unito help launch new institutions. At

MIA Theme Presentation versity. More than that, aspiring home the institutions they serve

societies have discovered the pecuhave burgeoned almost beyond liar advantages of the American belief.

Special musical number university, especially the large, In 1920, when Dr. John A.

complex institutions that are Widtsoe was about to leave the pleased and proud to admit large University of Utah for service in

General church use numbers of students from the famithe Council of the Twelve, that lies of more or less undistinguished state university enrolled 1,933 resicitizens. Not that Harvard, Yale, dent undergraduates and 48

and Princeton are overlooked. Ingraduate students. This year, the

An inspirational composition to suppledeed they are not! But throughout institution this writer serves in the

ment outlined theme presentation in Africa, Asia, Latin American naPhoenix, Arizona area will enrol both ward and stake MIA, and for use tions, even the universityproud 32,000 students, a total its Utah as a special number during opening nations of western Europe, the and other western state universities exercises to accent the message of the "average man"has discovered that will approximate—in contrast to the

MIA theme throughout the year. Mes- a university education, like electric allinstitution total of less than five

sage and religious quality make it power, produces something capable thousand ( 4,920—adding 924 sumfitting for any LDS meeting. of developing many things. mer enrollees and 2,015 extension

As a Harvard man of the ninestudents to the 1,933 undergraduteenth century put it, while deates and 48 graduates) which conAvailable for solo or duet with piano voting his talents to what many cerned President Widtsoe in Salt accompaniment. 75c a copy. would have considered a lowly Lake City fortyfive years ago.

American state college: "The founIn a special article which apdation stone of the whole scheme is peared in the Wall Street Journal,

service—service to the people—May 4, 1965, John Barnett noted

service that will lighten, brighten, that California's population has Music West and make more profitable the lives doubled in the twenty years since of the majority who do the necesthe end of World War II. But the

1 California state college system P O Box 1146 sary work of the world."

of University the (separate from the state's system and Mesa, Arizona 85202 Pursuits]John A.(1913),Widtsoe,pp. Education5-6. for Necessary California

596 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA junior colleges) enrols fifteen times as many students as it did in1945. The same author reported SEESthat 60 percent of all high school A TRULY MORMON

graduates in California this year will go on to college in September.

By 1980 the figure is expected toclimb to 80 percent in that state. GREAT

In the midst of this remarkable 11 development, public attention has come to focus on the "big"stateuniversity. Education in general is MISSIONARY

in the spotlight, seemingly occupyII ing the place of prominence associated with big government, big TOOLbusiness, and big labor in past dehave often or missionary youcades. that big educaAs a member it seems Now

a stimulate what would wondered istion in scrutiny. for close

for reception your important favorableRecognized and envied abroad as

Gospel message. The Mormon

remarkable economic and cultural the answer. It furnishes nearlyStory200is

"engines,"the big model, largesize, colorful pictures, graphs and charts for

American state university seems to changing your "contact"into an fall under more than ordinary atinvestigator.

tack at home.

Part of this may be accounted 1. English $2.95

for by the fact that, until recently, 2. Others $3.95 (Spanish, French, Norwegian, Finnish and German)

most of the nation's collegetrained men and women came from small, or at least smallerthan-some contemporary, institutions. The vilSUMMER READING PLEASURE

lagers and rural folk of yesteryear looked askance at the metropolis. 3. Messages of the First Presidency by James R. Clark

So, the big state university may of the available First Presidency statements the known suffer from similar views Allsomewhat in this work. It are presented massive from to 1849 1833 college small alumni.from

is statethe official a important as it contains book most in its Big business held time was to of particular interest on subjects of the Church ments universally busialmost small by all Saints. Latterday $4.50

nessmen, farmers, and tradesmen, to be "bad."When the Supreme

Court of the United States, in the 4. The Family of Joseph Smith

"trust"cases of the Taft administraby E. Cecil McGavin

tion (19091913) held that a After considerable research, the opcorporation was not necessarily posing testimonies of the Prophet's "bad"because it was "big,"many family have been weighed in this citizens felt that the court was engrossing work. As one of the few

subverting the genius of American books written on Joseph's family backinstitutions. Yet, with A. T. and T., ground, it is a valuable reference

General Motors, DuPont, Kennework. $3.25

cott Copper, Standard Oil of New

Jersey, et al., most Americans today tend to feel quite satisfied 5. Giant of the Lord by James S. Brown

with the immense size of these Violence, unbelievable hardship, suspense, and adventure corporations, their sendees, prodfill the pages of this wholly absorbing autobiography of a ucts, and sense of responsibility. valiant and mighty missionary. Faith promoting and

Does the large university have a inspiring. $3.95

future despite the hue and cry about "Berkeley"and so forth?

Viewing the scene from a window inside one of the big ones, an Order from your nearest Bookcraft dealer or from:

answer in the affirmative can be B00KCRAFT 7/65 supported by a number of reasons. 1186 South Main, Salt Lake City, Utah 84101

As with the big corporation, some Please send me the following circled books for which I enclose check conditions should necessarily be or money order for $ attached. 1 2 3 4 5

The reasons, in summary, include specify language (Continued on page 624) NAME ADDRESS CITY STATE ZIP

JULY 1965 Letters and Reports

MISSIONARY FAMILY SENDS

THREE TO SERVE

Waving farewell to their missionary is almost a habit with the Wells Norris family of Parker, Idaho. Three of the

six Norris children left for missions within a sixteenmonth period.

Son Kay departed for the Western

Canadian Mission in November 1963.

Right on his heels daughter Betty Carol was called to the Brazilian South Mission, leaving for the mission field in April 1964. And less than a year later, Kenny

flew from the Salt Lake mission home to the Southwest British Mission in February 1965.

All three Norris missionaries were active in the Parker Ward, Yellowstone Stake, during their teenage years. Betty Carol

perfect attendance years eight achieved all onemile a cates, taken have and EXCEL VIEW Sacrament School, MOUNTAIN BOYS and at Sunday MIA, their received 17 Scouts All Eagle swim. IN scoutmaster assistant ACHIEVEMENTS SCOUTING meeting. was Kay of eight awards, priesthood individual received call. his had of at time the He at attendance percent 100 with them to of as Kenny, kind ask to award, one boys needs what had the No God Duty the Eagles weekly. four meetings Among live in on two in experience missionary Second Mountain gained View Ward who brothers. pairs of are four in of their Northwestern the Salt City. record missions shortterm Lake The Boy

these leading young scoutmaster The for clearly them: speaks troop Scout Mission. States

is Allen with Jenkins, G. Jensen Gary men Norris daughthe rank three younger boys Eagle earned Seventeen At home, assistants. as Hickenlooper and Jay in in accounts their merit 1964. were badges saving ters 400 are Over money

the during year. Troop members earmarked for missions. earned at CORRECTION training junior leadership received

Tracy Wigwam in Millcreek Canyon. Inadvertently one of the references

They have camped in winter as well as in "The Inspired Revision of the summer, camped in wilderness areas as Bible,"page 236 of the March Era, well as in established camps. They hiked was printed as 1 Corinthians 10:14.

by snowshoe over seven miles of mounIt should have been 1 Corinthians tains from Brighton to Park City ski 10:24. We bow to several sharpresorts in Utah's Wasatch Mountains. All eyed readers.

Kay Norris Betty Norris Kenny Norris boys have earned survival training certifiHILL CUMORAH PAGEANT

The annual Hill Cumorah Pageant of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints,

America's Witness for Christ, will be presented this year July 2731 in Palmyra, New

York. The pageant recreates the history of peoples on the American continent from 2200

BC as recorded in the Book of Mormon. All performances will begin at 9 pm. A dress rehearsal, which patrons may attend, is scheduled for July 26 at 9 pm. Prior to each performance at 8 pm, a onehour recorded concert of the Mormon Tabernacle Choir will be

broadcast to pageantgoers.

598 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Do you want a tire that will rack up so many miles you won't believe your odometer?

Do you want a tire that you just never have to think about (which is something to think about)?

Do you want a tire that is practically indestructible, and has a written guarantee that will probably just sit around gathering dust?

Do you want a tire that is as beautiful to look at as it is to ride on, and vice versa?

Do you want a tire that nobody thought could be made better than it was except us, so we did?

Do you want a tire that was torture tested at 120 mph and didn't go all to pieces over it?

Do you want a tire that won't give you gray hair in a panic stop, because it stops a full car length shorter at 30 mph than any other premium tire tested?

Then buy a set of Amoco. 120 Super Premium Tires

from your American Oil Dealer.

You expect more from American and you get it I*

AMERICAN OIL COMPANY

'Trademark

JULY 1965 599 Far the Family The Church with small Moves children On Lift Up Your Voice And Sing LD.S. PRIMARY CHILDREN

Sing Their 34 Favorite Songs APRIL. 1965

-=%> Elder Donald S. Brewer sustained as president of Granite

Park (Salt Lake County) Stake succeeding President Rolf

Christiansen. New counselors are Elders Paul W. Piatt and Jesse

Wilde. They succeed Elders Kurt M. Lyman and Eldred C. Bergeson.

Ml Tf,. m<t 21 Ot'i The First Presidency announced the resignation of Elder

Wendell B. Mendenhall as chairman of the Church Building

Committee effective July 1. He has held the position for ten years.

in part: "During this period the building Lift Up Your Voiee The announcement read

and Sing Album constructiondepartment hasof temples,accomplishedchapels,a andgreatbuildingwork, accommodationsparticularly in thefor

LDS Primary Children sing 34 of their the benefit of the Church and its members throughout the stakes favorite songs and reach right into and missions."

any adult's heart! This album is ideal MAY 1965

to be used along with the Family

Home Evening Program. Holladay Second (Utah) Ward won the junior division all-

I Am a Child of God Two Little Church volleyball tournament by defeating Phoenix Ninth

Magic Words 'Choose the Right (Arizona) Ward. Oakland Fourth (California) Ward won the

Mother Dear My Dad God Gave senior division over Santa Ana Second Ward, also of California.

Me Dear America Tell Me the Stories The new senior champions are Polynesians.

of Jesus Horsey, Horsey And many, many others! Jackson (Mississippi) Stake organized from the Central

Mississippi District of the Gulf States Mission with Elder

Album comes with a "Sing Along BookNeil J. Ferrell sustained as president and Elders Ray E. McPherson

let"with illustrated pictures and words. and William E. Breland as counselors. This, the 404th stake now

Even the child who can not read can functioning in the Church, was organized under the direction of follow along. Elder Howard W. Hunter of the Council of the Twelve and Elder

Long Play, 33 y3 Hi Fi $3.00 SterlingSaints fromW. Mississippi,Sill, Assistantarrivedto thein theTwelve.Salt LakeA companyValley Julyof pioneers,29, 1847, Postage cents 25

five days after President Brigham Young.

Mrs. Lorena Chipman Fletcher of Provo, Utah, was selected as

of American the Year Mother the American by Mothers Comttaeret COM Book the received Inc. She at the award luncheon the 44 EAST SO TEMPLE May 7 in ANDP ATA N COTTONWOODY MALL mittee,

SALT LAKE CITY City. the wife She is of Dr. New York Harvey BLVD., OGDEN WaldorfAstoria,

777 2472SO MAINWASHINGTON ST.. ORANGE, CALIFORNIA Fletcher, internationally scientist, educator, known and churchman,

and the mother of seven children, six of whom are living. Mrs.

Fletcher is the second LDS mother to be accorded this honor. Mrs. Deseret Book

44 East South Temple Lavina Fugal held it in 1955.

Salt Lake City, Utah Dear Sir: Enclosed please find check The First Presidency announced the appointment of Elder

money order I have an account, Burton H. Price currently serving as bishop of the North 18th

please charge Amount $ Ward in Salt Lake City as president of the Samoan Mission sucFor: (1) my "Lift Up Your Voice and ceeding President J. Phillip Hanks. President Price filled a mission

Sing"Album. in Samoa 193840. He will be accompanied to this new assignment

Name.... by his wife Ardis Rast and their three children.

President David O. McKay received one of the three flags that

Address. flew over the US Capitol building during the inauguration of

City State President Lyndon B. Johnson last January. The US President sent

3'/2% sales tax Residents of Utah please add

Residents of California, when ordering through {Continued on page 603)

California store, please add 4% sales tax.

600 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA STRENGTH IN LEADERSHIP

The true fiber of an organization lies in the charThese are men whose names are synonymous with acter and integrity of its leaders. First Security the history and growth of this region... men with

Corporation is indeed fortunate and proud to have deep roots and deep concern for our welfare.

these distinguished directors to guide its banks.

BENTON R. CANCELL N. ELDON TANNER MARRINER S. ECCLES

President First Presidency Chairman of the Board

Potlatch Forests, Inc. The Church of Jesus Christ of First Security Corp.

R. V. HANSBERGER Latterday Saints Amalgamated Sugar Co.

President EDD H. BAILEY GEORGE S. ECCLES

Boise Cascade Corp. President President

Security Corp. Pacific Railroad Co. First J. R. SIMPLOT Union

First Security Investment Co. President G. B. AYDELOTT

J. R. Simplot Co. President WILLARD L. ECCLES

A. E. BENNING DenverRailroad&Co.Rio Grande Western FirstVicePresidentSecurity Corp.and Secretary President

Amalgamated Sugar Co. E. W. LITTLEFIELD HAROLD J. STEELE

President and General Mgr. Executive Vice President

Utah Construction & Mining Co. First Security Bank of Utah, N.A. VAL A. BROWNING

Chairman Browning Arms Co. RICHARD L. EVANS J. L. DRISCOLL

W*. W. ANDERSON Member, Council of Twelve Chairman of the Board

Chairman of the Board The Church of Jesus Christ of First Security Bank of Idaho, N.A

Anderson Lumber Co. Latterday Saints V. R. STEFFENSEN

S. S. ECCLES DOUGLAS W. LOVE President

President and General Mgr. President First Security Bank of Idaho, N.A.

fountain States Implement Co. UtahIdaho Sugar Co. H. M. EMERSON

ROBERT H- HINCKLEY M. M. FIDLAR Senior Vice President

Director and Member of President First Security Bank of Idaho, N.A.

Executive Committee Mountain Fuel Supply Co. MAX THQMAS

American Broadcasting- E. M. NAUGHTON Senior Vice President

Paramount Theaters, Inc. President First Security Bank of Utah, N.A.

Utah Power & Light Co.

MARRINER A. BROWNING D. D. MOFFAT*

Member of Executive R. H. BURTON Director

Committee Investments UtahIdaho Sugar Co.

L. T. DEE KENDALL D. GARFF LOUIS BUCHMAN*

President President Mining Consultant

Thomas D. Dee Investment Co. Ken GarfF Co.

J. FLETCHER SCOWCROFT S. P. HARTER *Emeritus

Director Senior Vice President

Amalgamated Sugar Co. Pet Milk Co.

.

It is the judgment and wisdom of these men, comYou'll find 93 First Security offices in 71 interbined with the effort and perseverance of managemountain communities, each providing complete ment and staff, that has made First Security the banking services to customers. Most likely, there

most trusted, responsible and respected financial is a First Security Bank in or near your community.

institution in the mountain west. Come in... we'll be happy to serve you.

FIRST SECURITY BANKS Members Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation

JULY 1965 601

They take American friendship with them...everywhere they go!

They're not the kind of men who often make news. But they

carry American friendship—and ideas—into some of the

most outof-theway places on earth. They are Standard Oil

geologists, engineers, technicians.

They explore primitive jungles, deserts, tundras, bayous, even the ocean bottoms, for oil.

When they find oil in faroff places, many other benefits follow.

The local country gains a new source of energy, new jobs, new revenues, improved living standards. American cooperation

makes stronger friendly nations.

Standard Oil men are more than oilhunters. They are

goodwill ambassadors. They take American friendship with Standard opened another frontier, America's first

them... everywhere they go service station, in Seattle, in 1907. From this proud

tradition, the man at the Sign of the Chevron serves you with today's highest quality S.O. Products.

The Chevron

Sign ofexcellence STANDARD OIL COMPANY OF CALIFORNIA

602 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Join LDS Books The Church Moves On (Continued from page 600)the flag in appreciation for the singClub now and ing of the Salt Lake Tabernacle

Choir at his inauguration. The presentation was made to President receive your

McKay by Mark Austad, a former

Utahn and active Latterday Saint.

The First Presidency anCOMPREHEN- nounced the appointment of.v

Elder Vaughn Green, director ofthe Juarez Stake school system, in 'SIVE HISTORY

Colonia Juarez, Chihuahua, Mexico, fr777?u.;i

as president of the Northern Mexican Mission succeeding PresidentAra O. Call. President Green is a OF THE CHURCH

former resident of Salt Lake City, CENTU1W0NE as president once served hewhere of the Branch. Mexican He has for only $4.50

filled two missions among the Spanishspeaking peoples of Mexico and the United States. His wife per volumePauline Mickelsen Green and their

two children will accompany him to (regularly $9.25)

his new assignment.

Ricks College Stake was created By joining the LDS Books Club now, you will be able to

B. of H. obtain the Elder Roberts'volumes monumental Idaho, Elder withat Rexburg,

a of J. work, History six at Comprehensive the Church, presias Stucki sustainedWendell

until intervals all have month six received you volumes.

dent with Elders LaVere A. Ricks VOL.1 Thus you will receive the complete set at a reduced

and Marion G. Forsyth as counselprice of almost 50%.

ors. The stake, the 405th now

functioning in the Church, was Volume 1 painstakingly covers the period of organized by Elder Richard L. Joseph Smith's boyhood to the exodus of the Saints from

Evans of the Council of the Twelve Missouri in 1838 to 1839.

and President Bruce R. McConkie

of the First Council of the Seventy. The new printing is exactly the same as the original

President Stucki had been serving except it will be in a 6x9 format rather than 7 x 10.

as a counselor in Rexburg Stake.

Ricks College, one of the pioneer institutions of higher learning in ROBERTS Good reading builds inthe established Church, was good lives as 1888 the BannockNovember

Stake Academy.

The appointment of Elizabeth to the general board Haglund Inc Club, Books LDSof the ImWomen's Mutual Young

P. O. Box 400 Salt Lake City, Utah 84101 Association anprovement was

nounced. 7 65 Please send me as my first selection A Comprehensive History of the Church

Idaho State University Stake and (or) the following checked books for which I enclose a check or money was created at Pocatello, order for $

E. ElderIdaho, Robert with First Story Years, Church of Our Thousand Two

Sill Leadership, I for $3.95 LDS, Petersen Young as Skousen president sustainedThompson I Vol. $3.50 D $3.25 Reference LDS II Vol. Merrill $3.50 Elders K.with and Gee I Bible Encyclopedia, Stories Brooks as counselors. R. Davis TheJohn

I Vol. $5.00 Thousand for LDS, Petersen Young Years, G I Third

IIstake Skousen Vol. $5.95 organized the under $3.50 $3.25 was

direction of Elder Richard L, Evans I Enroll me as a member and send me the monthly reviews. I hereby agree to purchase a minimum

of the Council of the Twelve and of 4 Books Club selections or alternates during the next 12 months at the regular advertised price.

President Bruce R. McConkie of the I I may resign at any time after buying four books. For each 4 books I accept, I will receive a valu-

a savings of 20%.First Council of the Seventy. It I able bonus book free—

brings of the stakes to the Church

I NAME406. Stakes of the for uniChurch

( Continued on page 631 I ADDRESS

CITY: STATE., ZIP

I (Good only in the U.S. and Canada) (Offer expires Sept. 30, 1965)

L.

JULY 1965 THE EDITOR'S PAGE BY PRESIDENT DAVID O. McKAY

When Joseph Smith received his first revelation, faith prophets and men of old "subdued kingdoms, in the spring of 1820, he was a mere youth. He was wrought righteousness, obtained promises, stopped the

unschooled, untrained. Ten years later he organized mouths of lions,

The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints. He "Quenched the violence of fire, escaped the edge

was not yet thirtynine years of age when he was of the sword, out of weakness were made strong...."

martyred. (Vs. 3334.)

The harmony of his teachings with those taught by It was because of faith that Columbus braved the the Savior and his Apostles; the reasonableness of his ocean to sail on and on into the unknown horizon until

assertion that men must be called of God to officiate he discovered a new land. It was faith that brought

in things pertaining to God; the complete organization to America the Mayflower, "freighted with the desof the Church; its government, laws, and wonderful tinies of a continent."It was faith that impelled Presiadaptation to the needs and to the advancement of dent Brigham Young and the Utah pioneers to

the human family—these and many other phases of establish permanent settlements in a forbidding,

this great latterday work, when even only partly defiant western desert.

understood, lead thinking persons to ponder upon the Faith is more potent in human endeavor even than source of the Prophet's wisdom. judgment or experience.

If the people of today were to ask, as men did in the As the pioneers neared their destination, the group

Savior's time, "Whence hath this man this wisdom, of men with a thousand mile prairie trail behind and these mighty works?"(Matt. 13:54) we would them hacked their way through underbrush on a

unhesitatingly declare: "Joseph Smith received it mountain trail and pried loose boulders that rolled

from on high."with an echoing crash into the bottom of the ravine

Following the martyrdom the Prophet Joseph was below. Trudging slowly and wearily up this ravine

succeeded by Brigham Young, who has often been moved a caravan of covered wagons.

called a "modern Moses."His was the immediate task The advance company of Utah pioneers were

of leading the Saints to a new home. nearing the summit of Big Mountain, from which they

The scriptures tell us that without faith it is imwould obtain their first glimpse of the Great Lake possible to please God (see Heb. 11:6), that through Basin. In the western fringe of that basin lay the

IT * -\?\ --JpL

604 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "Dead Sea of America,"shimmering in the sunlight that even a small colony could gain subsistence! All

more like a threatening omen than a promise of told there were 40,000 Mormons between the British prosperity. Isles and Emigration Canyon, Utah, who, with conIf that barren, seemingly unproductive valley could fidence in a great leader, were moving towards some

be made fruitful, could become the center of a western unknown refuge yet to be designated.

empire, it would surely be one of the most striking Greater than human judgment, towering above examples in history of faith triumphant over human man's experience, was the great leader's trust in God.

judgment and experience. In referring to this faith which had guided him, he

Of the great pioneers of history, Brigham Young is said: "As I viewed a portion of Salt Lake Valley, the

given place among the foremost. Upon him rested spirit of light rested upon me and moved over the

the responsibility to supply food and shelter for the valley, and I felt that there the Saints would find 148 persons who composed that first company seeking protection and safety."

a home in a desert land, and the season was so far The unwavering faith of that dauntless band in a advanced that there was little or no hope that crops divine providence—that invisible power which "makes

planted would mature. Besides these 148 persons, the discords of the present harmonies of the future"—

there were thousands of others who had left their lives on imperishably. Their undying fortitude and

homes in Nauvoo after the martyrdom of their Prophet heroism have been and will continue to be a guiding who were following their leader to this hopedfor and an encouraging light to all who read their simple place of refuge and peace. Approximately two thoubut incomparable story.

sand were at Mt. Pisgah, Union County, Iowa, 145 Hundreds of thriving communities in western

miles from the west bank of the Mississippi River. America give proof of President Brigham Young's

There was another colony at Garden Grove, Decatur superiority as a colonizer. A consciousness of the value

County, Iowa, 126 miles east of Council Bluffs. of human dignity maintained through selfeffort,

Six thousand others were at Winter Quarters on the power to inspire mutual helpfulness, a genius for prebanks of the Missouri River, six miles from Omaha. paredness, love of liberty, and reverence for God conTen thousand people were already on the march tributed to his greatness as a leader of men. These

towards the Great Basin, which gave scant assurance qualities were truly a part of these pioneers.

JULY I96S 605

Why Administer the Sacrament

answer: We are instructed in the revelation that

little children are innocent before the Lord. We read

in the nineteenth chapter of Matthew that when children were brought to the Savior, some of the disciples YOUR intervened and rebuked those who endeavored to have them blessed, but Jesus rebuked these disciples, saying: QUES- "Suffer little children, and forbid them not, to come

unto me: for of such is the kingdom of heaven."(V.

14. ) On another occasion he called a little child unto TION him and set him in the midst of them and then said:

"Verily I say unto you, Except ye be converted, and ANSWERED BY become as little children, ye shall not enter into the kingdom of heaven. JOSEPH

"Whosoever therefore shall humble himself as this FIELDING little child, the same is greatest in the kingdom of heaven. "And whoso shall receive one such little child in SMITH my name receiveth me. PRESIDENT OF

THE COUNCIL which"But believewhoso inshallme,offendit wereonebetterof thesefor himlittlethatonesa

OF THE TWELVE millstone were hanged about his neck, and that he were drowned in the depth of the sea."( Matt. 18:3-6.

Contrary to the expressed opinion of some who question: "While discussing the ordinance of the think that the partaking of the Sacrament at such an

Sacrament in seminary, one of the members mentioned early age "detracts from its meaning,"we sincerely the lack of full understanding that many of the church proclaim that the permitting of small children to parmembers seem to have concerning this ordinance. It take when it is explained to them acts upon their

was stated that the Sacrament is administered to small minds exactly to the contrary. Perhaps some of us fail

children of Junior Sunday School age, and some memto comprehend the depth of a small child's mind.

bers stated that the familiarity with this ordinance at Surely little children in the Primary class can underthis age detracted from its sacred meaning, and since stand that the Sacrament is a sacred ordinance when the Sacrament is the renewal of the covenant made in they are carefully taught. Then again we may say,

baptism and these young children have not yet been even if they are too small to comprehend, the practice baptized, why is the Sacrament administered to them?"is teaching them that it is a sacred ordinance, and

6O6 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA to Little Children?

this will eventually bear fruit. It seems that a child the multitude bare record of it, and he took their

in the kindergarten class is surely capable of realizing little children, one by one, and blessed them, and that the Sacrament is a special privilege, having relaprayed unto the Father for them.

tionship to the sacrifice of our Redeemer on the cross. "And when he had done this he wept again;

One of the most beautiful passages in the Book of "And he spake unto the multitude, and said unto

Mormon in relation to the appearance of the Savior to them: Behold your little ones.

the Nephites is in the following words: "And as they looked to behold they cast their eyes

"And it came to pass that when they had knelt upon towards heaven, and they saw the heavens open, and the ground, Jesus groaned within himself, and said: they saw angels descending out of heaven as it were

Father, I am troubled because of the wickedness of in the midst of fire; and they came down and encircled

the people of the house of Israel. those little ones about, and they were encircled about

"And when he had said these words, he himself with fire; and the angels did minister unto them."(3

also knelt upon the earth; and behold he prayed unto Nephi 17:1424.)

the Father, and the things which he prayed cannot No one will doubt that these little ones were so be written, and the multitude did bear record who deeply impressed that they remembered this glorious heard him. occasion all the days of their lives. Perhaps we at times

"And after this manner do they bear record: The are too hasty in our judgment in relation to the caeye hath never seen, neither hath the ear heard, before, pacity of small children to understand.

so great and marvelous things as we saw and heard Surely it would be an act displeasing in the sight of

Jesus speak unto the Father; our Eternal Father should we who are older withhold

"And no tongue can speak, neither can there be from the children the sacred ordinance of the Sacrawritten by any man, neither can the hearts of men conment simply because we feel that they are too young ceive so great and marvelous things as we both saw to understand. Children should be taught from the

and heard Jesus speak; and no one can conceive of the very beginning the purpose of prayer and that we

joy which filled our souls at the time we heard him have a Heavenly Father and that his Beloved Son pray for us unto the Father. Jesus Christ died that we might live and obtain the

"And it came to pass that when Jesus had made an blessings of the kingdom of God.

end of praying unto the Father, he arose; but so great It has been my privilege to meet with the Primary

was the joy of the multitude that they were overcome. children when they have been taught by their Primary

"And it came to pass that Jesus spake unto them, teachers to pray and to thank our Heavenly Father and bade them arise. and his Beloved Son Jesus Christ for the many bless-

"And they arose from the earth, and he said unto ings that we receive. It is very touching, at least

them: Blessed are ye because of your faith. And now to me, to hear a group of Primary children singing

behold, my joy is full. the hymn, "I Am a Child of God,"and seemingly

"And when he had said these words, he wept, and understanding it.

JULY 196S 607 The Gospel and the Age of the Earth BY HENRY EYRING DEAN OF THE GRADUATE SCHOOL, UNIVERSITY OF UTAH

NOTE Saint whose contributions in the field of science

The age of the earth is a fascinating study and are known and sought for worldwide. As far as is

has been so since it was first anciently debated. known The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday

The discussion is opened again each time an old Saints has never taken an official stand on the age truth is rediscovered or a new theory is applied. of the earth. DLG

"How Old Is the Earth?"(The Improvement Era, Recorded history spans scarcely a moment out of

October 196k, page 828) by Paul Cracroft preeternity. The scriptures record God's dealing with his

sented one viewpoint on the subject, expressed children back to a "beginning"some six thousand by Dr. Melvin A. Cook, professor of metallurgy years ago, but dismiss the long prologue in a fewat the University of Utah. Here is presented a viewshort paragraphs. The scriptural information which

point by Dr. Henry Eyring, Dean of the Graduate is given to us concentrates on the accepted plan for

School, University of Utah, another Latterday our earthly pilgrimage and unfolds a program of

6O8 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA eternal progression in the life to come. This unfolding 80 miles. The rate of deposition of rock varies enorof limitless possibilities extends backward in time into mously with the time and the place, but a not unreasonpre-earth life. able average rate is one foot every 250 years. This

What about the earth itself? The scriptures tell us leads to a very rough estimate of 112,000,000 years

of six creative periods followed by a period of rest. for the time required to deposit all the known

During these periods the earth was organized and sediments.

took essentially its present form. The accounts of creThe fact that a tree can stand in one spot more

ation in modern scripture serve to corroborate the than four thousand years without being seriously biblical account. In the King James version of the disturbed by erosion leads one to contemplate with

Bible, the phrase "creative periods"is rendered as awe the thousands of years required to deposit the "days."The use of this term has led to at least three strata of the Grand Canyon and afterwards to erode

interpretations. In the first, the days are construed these strata away.

to mean the usual day of 24 hours. In the second the A more quantitative way of getting at the age of

days of creation are interpreted as thousand year strata and of other earth structures is by use of the periods following such statements as occur in 2 Peter radioactive decay of various elements. An analogy

3:8: "... one day is with the Lord as a thousand years, illustrative of how radioactive decay works may be

and a thousand years as one day."The third interprehelpful. If one should look at a fire and note that half

tation accepts "creative periods"as times of unspecithe wood is burned the first hour and an hour later fied length and looks to a study of the earth that half of the remainder has burned to ashes, one itself to give added meaning to the exceedingly brief could say the fire obeys the radioactive decay law.

scriptural accounts. This law states that in a given length of time the same

The acceptance of truth from whatever source is fraction of the fuel is transformed independent of the the constant goal of the thoughtful Latterday Saint. circumstances. Conversely, by measuring the fuel reSince God organized the world there can be no conmaining at a fire and the amount of ashes produced,

tradictions in his mind. Our problem is to approach one can deduce the fraction of the fuel consumed and

his deeper insight. As this is achieved all the seeming so estimate how long the fire has been burning. Now,

contradictions may be expected to disappear. all the radioactive elements behave like our hypothetiIn earlier times some variation of the first two cal fire in that independent of the existing conditions,

interpretations was all but universally held by the the same fraction of the radioactive elements is always

Christian world. This is no longer true. In school and transformed to the daughter element in a given

in secular publications the third interpretation is the interval of time. The daughter element is the ashes of

generally accepted one. Accordingly, whatever our the radioactive fire; for example, half of the potassium,

own point of view may be, we need to know the viewof atomic weight forty, present to begin with changes point presented to our children if we are to be effecinto argon forty in a period of 1,300 million years, tive counselors to them. and half of what remains is changed in the next 1,300

Every process occurring in the world requires time million years. This period of 1,300 million years is

to execute it and is necessarily of shorter duration called the halflife of potassium forty.

than the life span of the earth. Thus the giant sequoias Now, a potassiumcontaining mineral when it crysgrowing in California are known to live 3,000 years tallizes is ordinarily freed of all gaseous argon. As

from a count of their tree rings. Accordingly, the earth time goes on the potassium forty changes over to

is more than 3,000 years old. Interestingly enough, the argon forty at a rate determined by its halflife. If

sequoias are not the oldest known trees. The bristlethe crystal doesn't leak so that the liberated argon is

cone pine, which is found in parts of California, retained inside the crystal, one can melt the crystal,

Nevada, and Utah, has yielded a specimen which is at measure the amount of potassium and the amount of least 4,600 years old. This is more than a third of the argon, and so determine the age of the crystal.

13 millennia sometimes taken as the age of the earth. Thus, if equal amounts of argon forty and potassium

A late figure for the cumulative thickness of rocks forty are found, the crystallization occurred 1,300 laid down as sediments is about 450,000 feet or about million years ago. (Continued on page 626)

JULY 1965 609 BY CHRISTIE LUND COLES uly that

I could always tell when it was Sunday, even beThen he realized it was his youngest, and he smiled fore I was up. Somehow the air was different, the indulgently.

sunshine, more golden. I knew it was Christmas morn- "Had to see the pretty dress? Now you've seen it,

ing even before I was fully awake. And that was how you'd better go back and rest awhile. It will be a

it was, too, on the Fourth of July. It was there in my long day."He fanned himself with his handkerchief

heart all night and woke with me on the first slim ray as he added, "And a hot one."

of light. Mama was coming down the stairs now, her starched

Yes, that was how it was on that Fourth of July dress rattling. She agreed with my father's words, "Yes,

when I was twelve, or would be in August. I was little bird. You had best crawl back into bed."

sweaty from the heat though the sun was only peeping Yet, as I hesitated, she came and hesitated beside above the red salt hills and the stone quarry east of me. "It is pretty, isn't it?"she stated. "Inez will be

town. It had been one of those nights when the air sorry she didn't have this color and this crisp material

barely cools in spite of the soft, feathery dark, or the instead of that pale green silk."

lean poplars in front of the house, or the lilac bushes When Inez was younger our dresses were nearly by the kitchen door. always alike. But she was sixteen now. She was break-

I suppose it was the first cannon shot fired from the ing away from all the things she had done and worn.

hills that woke me. The house shook at the sound We called it her "breaking away"time, and Mama

of it, and I shivered. I couldn't hear anyone else stirwarned me that I would be there much sooner than

ring in the house, so I slipped out of my bed and I thought. "Twelve,"she said thoughtfully, "is the

down the stairs quietly. The front door was open, and beginning time. And you will be twelve in August."

the light made a silver river into the room that looked Against my wishes, I went back upstairs and lay strange with shadows surrounding the pieces of on top of the covers. I looked at Inez sleeping soundly

furniture. in the bed next to mine and wondered how she could

The dining room was even darker, but as the sun sleep, knowing what day it was. Then I remembered

rose higher, it was like a blind being lifted; and before that she had gone to the dance last night with some

long I could see things quite clearly, especially my of her girl friends. I leaned back on my pillow, closed,,.

dress hanging in silken precision on the back of one my eyes, and dreamed of the day when I could go of the ladderback chairs. My new petticoat was to the big gray opera house which served as a movie

folded on the seat of the chair, and on the floor stood theater during the week and was the town's dance hall my new white slippers. They had two straps that on Saturday nights and special occasions.

buttoned onto two dainty little pearl buttons. Mama had said twelve was the beginning. I would

Ah, and the dress. It was as beautiful as the day soon be twelve, then thirteen, fourteen....

itself—all blue and golden and whisper soft. It had Inez woke me, shaking my shoulder, saying, "Wake

been copied from a picture we had found in a catalog up, Kirsten; don't you know what day it is? Let's go

and was identical to the last tiny tuck across the down and see our dresses."

shoulder. Blue it was, pale, shimmering, blue taffeta, I jumped up as if I were afraid mine would not still

with a tunic trimmed with gold braid, and tucked and be there. But it was. Beautiful. Beautiful. And my

sashed. I stood in the halflight and could hardly sister's was beautiful, too. Though it gave me a strange

wait for the others to get up, for the day to begin. tug to see her in it, looking so nearly grownup. I

The rooster crowed in the back yard, more loudly, wished I were older. Mother said twelve was the

more cockily than usual. Papa came down the stairs beginning. But I wanted to be sixteen like Inez or I

pulling his suspenders onto his shoulders as he came. wanted her to be younger again. We had always

His hair was mussed and his moustache squashed, as played together, walked to school together, slept tothough he had been kissing Mama, and he smiled gether. Now I was still a little girl, and she was a

sleepily when he saw me. "What are you doing down young woman all of a sudden. But there was no time

here this time of the morning?"he asked, as if he to think of it today. This was the most magic day, the

weren't quite sure which one of his three daughters most magic day of all, next to Christmas—and maybe

I was. I think he thought for a moment it might be... maybe, my birthday—but either way, certainly,

Julie who had just got in from the preFourth dance. magic. (Continued on page 612)

610 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ittorSum Ullllllcr

JULY 1865 611 (Continued from page 610) root beer, to another's for something else, till it's a wonder we survived.

Breakfast was finally over, and we were allowed After lunch we headed, still dizzily happy, toward to take our baths and get ready. the city park. Here one of the most exciting events

It didn't matter that my new shoes were a little too was to occur: the ball game between the local team

tight, or that the stiff taffeta scratched a little against and the longtime rivals of the neighboring town. Even

my bare legs, or that Mama had to scold me just a though everyone knew the neighboring boys almost as little to stand still while she took my long, dark hair well as their own, there was fierce, partisan screaming out of the rag curlers and shaped it into ringlets and encouragement.

around the broomstick. I was sitting on the grass with a box of Cracker

Nothing mattered except that we were ready, and Jack watching the others when a tall, blond boy I it was time for the parade to begin just four blocks had never seen before walked over to me and said, east of our place on Main Street. My oldest sister Julie "Hello."

had already left, for she was to be the attendant to Thinking he was with the ball team from Redville the Independence Day queen on the float which was I said, "Hello."

a big hayrack decorated with red, white, and blue He sat down on the grass beside me and asked, bunting. "What's your name?"

Some of our friends were beginning to come to our "What's yours?"I countered.

place because it was such a good place to see it all. "Ray,"he told me. And I told him mine, saying it

Lauris, my very best girl friend, and I got in the a little slowly because sometimes when I was excited porch swing, and we weren't going to give it up for the st sound in Kirsten came out wrong.

anybody. But when we heard the band begin to play "You from Redville?"I asked him.

"The Stars and Stripes Forever,"and people began "No, I'm Ken's cousin. You know Kenny. I'm from

crowding on the sidewalk and lawn in front of us, we Hill Top."

climbed out and squeezed through till we were in I nodded. Kenny was in my room, in our particular

front of those taller than we. little crowd. I looked up and saw, not too far away,

We saw all the familiar things passing: the Indians Kenny and the other boys chasing my friends, pulling

in their feathered headdresses on their white and gray their hair and whirling them around, while the girls ponies; the floats; the city's first red fire engine; pretended to get angry, though actually they were

Doctor West's trim, black surrey with its fringe on top tickled pink to be the ones bothered.

and his three beautiful daughters smiling beneath the I offered the corn to Ray, and he asked, "What did fringe; and, of course, the three bands, one from you get for a prize?"

the high school, one from the city, and one from the A prize? Why, the little silver ring lying in my

junior high. moist hand. I showed it to him, and he picked it up

Each year I had thought, It will never be this and turned it in his fingers, even as he ate the popcorn wonderful again. But each year that followed, it was. with his other hand.

And this year, this July, this Fourth, was to be the "Cute,"he said. "Shall I wish it on?"

best of all. I nodded, shrugging, and he took my hand in his

I think now that the reason was that I was never to larger one, and slipped it on my third finger. I pulled

be a little girl again. Not really. my hand away as I saw the others coming toward us.

After the parade we all went up to the stone quarry "Ha, I see you two got acquainted,"Kenny said.

and watched the mock war between the Indians and He had long trousers on instead of the usual knickers the pioneers. We vaguely realized that it was part that he always wore. Ray had long ones on, too, but

of the history of the town, which had been beseiged it seemed sort of natural on him, since he was taller.

by the Blackhawk tribe. The boys walked us home, and Ray pulled my

Then it was time for lunch, which wasn't the usual long, dark curls and said how pretty my dress was, lunch at all, but a picnic of potato salad and greens and one of the other boys said, "Aw, girls! Tell her

and a mountainhigh cake, and best of all, the gobs it's ugly."

and gobs of maplenut ice cream which was delivered Suddenly as we passed the stream that ran along to our house in the morning from the creamery and the sidewalk, I said airily, "I don't suppose anyone icecream company. During the day all our friends wants any more of this,"and with a great flourish

would drop by for ice cream and cake. Then my crowd threw the popcorn box half filled with popcorn into

would go up to another friend's place for homemade the stream where it (Continued on page 622)

612 JULY 965 THE SPOT IN THE LAWN WHERE THE SWING GOES BY

There's a spot in the lawn where the swing goes by,

Where the grass is trampled to the joyous cry

Of the children, as they push and pump for greatest height,

With squeals and shouts of sheer delight.

Time comes when the children must go their way,

And the swing hangs limp through the summer day

With only the breeze to stir the seat,

And grass grows in the spot worn by childish feet.

The years go by, and the tree grows tall,

Where the limp swing sways by the garden wall.

The flowers grow in their wellgroomed plot

And are never picked by one who "forgot."

As time goes by, comes a wondrous day,

When the children's children come to play,

And a new rope seems to be the thing

To put in repair the old, old swing.

They rush and shout to see who goes first,

And memories rush with a yearning thirst

As they cry out, "Grandpa, push me high,"

Over the spot in the lawn where the swing goes by.

Genealogical Help through

Relatives SUBMITTED BY THE PRIESTHOOD GENEALOGY COMMITTEE

BY GEORGE B. EVERTON

J

Contacting fellow genealogists who are working by a distant relative. This is a great loss of time and

on or are acquainted with the ancestral lines to which effort.

you connect is one of the most rewarding sources The Pedigree Referral Service, if properly used by for gaining forefather data. The Pedigree Referral all church members, will go a long way to eliminate

Service has been designed to make such contacts posthis waste of time, effort, and money. It may also

sible. When it gets into full operation with all church help you discover additional ancestors as these distant

members cooperating, it will eliminate much duplicacousins may have been more fortunate in their quests, tion of effort by making possible a coordination of gathering more data and extending their lines far planning and research among church members who beyond your apparent stone walls. It may work the

are engaged in genealogical research. other way as well in that you may have more inThousands of instances can be cited where a great formation and can help them. In either case mutual

deal of duplicate time and effort unknowingly has cooperation can then be agreed upon and efforts been spent by distant cousins in searching for informasynchronized to avoid duplicate searches, recordtion on their common progenitors. The story is not ings, etc.

uncommon where a person may spend hundreds of Genealogy is fast becoming a national hobby.

hours and dollars in gathering data and making out Thousands of persons not members of the Church family group sheets only to find on sending them to are searching records to satisfy their desire for the Genealogical Society that the work for these knowledge about their forebears. The thrill of finding

persons has already been processed and completed ancestors heretofore unknown to them is ample com614 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA pensation to urge them on and on in gathering data lishing queries are: Ansearchin News, 5391 Shady

and compiling records. They also get deep, enduring Grove Terrace, Memphis 17, Tennessee; Echoes, East

satisfaction in the many new things they learn about Tennessee Historical Society, Lawson McGhee Lipeoples, customs, geography, laws, history, etc., as brary, Knoxville, Tennessee; Genealogical Forum of

they search old arid new archives for information Portland, Oregon, PO Box 494, St. Helens, Oregon;

about their antecedents. They enjoy traveling either in Genealogical Register, Louisiana Genealogical and

person or by letter to faraway places to discover and Historical Society, PO Box 335, Baton Rouge, Louisiprove their connections to a family tree. They know ana; The Kentucky Genealogist, Box 4894, Washington

they are improving themselves as they study the his- 8, DC; Maryland and Delaware Genealogist, PO Box

torical records of the past and solve the many intricate 9394, Mid City Station, Washington 5, DC; National

puzzles connected with forefather research. Genealogical Society Quarterly, The National GeneaWithout question they are compensated for their logical Society, 1921 Sunderland Place, NW, Washefforts or they would not continue, but of course, until ington, DC; The New England Historical and Geneathey know the true principles of the gospel, they will logical Register, New England Historic Genealogical

never know the full meaning and ultimate end of this Society, 9 Ashburton Place, Boston, Massachusetts;

endeavor. Nevertheless, as Longfellow wrote, "No enThe New Mexico Genealogist, PO Box 8734, Albudeavor is in vain; Hts reward is in the doing."All querque, New Mexico; The New York Genealogical

genealogists are rewarded with ample satisfaction and Biographical Record, New York Genealogical and both in the Church and out for this work of the Lord. Biographical Society, 122 East 58th Street, New York

Contacting these nonmember genealogists for in22, New York; Oklahoma Genealogical Society Bulletin,

formation and coordinating research efforts with them Oklahoma Genealogical Society, PO Box 7652, Oklais another important phase of foreparent searching. homa City 16, Oklahoma; The Southern Genealogist's

Few if any nonmembers will register their interests Exchange Quarterly, 2525 Oak St., Jacksonville 4,

with our Pedigree Referral Service. Other means must Florida; Stripes, Texas State Genealogical Society,

be employed to find them to offer assistance and 2528 University Dr. S., Fort Worth 9, Texas; Tree

seek their aid in establishing proof of relationship Talks, Central New York Genealogical Society, R. D. 4,

and ancestry. Baldwinsville, New York.

In the main, genealogists of the world are establishIt would be well for you to check the complete list, ing their lines by documentary proof. They have a write for their regulations, and submit problems for

great amount of valuable, proven information, and publication to the various societies in the areas where in many cases we could do well to emulate their your ancestors have resided. You could receive a

efforts in using the legal method to prove every date, tremendous amount of help from nonmembers through name, and place they enter into their records. Tracontacts made in this manner.

ditions and hearsay evidence are not acceptable; Another magazine that may give you assistance in

only reliable, contemporary records are used in provcontacting genealogists who are not members of our ing each step and connection. Church is The Genealogical Helper published by The

Just as it is becoming easier each day to do geneaEverton Publishers, Box 368, Logan, Utah 84321. This

logical research because of increased availability of publication goes into the hands of over 10,000 generecords, so it is also becoming easier to contact fellow alogists around the world each quarter. Most of the

genealogists around the world because of the insubscribers are nonmembers, giving you a good opporcrease'of genealogical magazines published in many tunity to get in touch with your unknown cousins who localities. Local and state genealogical societies are will not be listed with the Pedigree Referral Service.

growing in number, in their dedication to help everyBoth paid and unpaid queries are published in each one interested in antecedent records, and in gathering issue. Upon request The Everton Publishers will send

and publishing records of those who lived and died subscription and advertising costs and instructions in the area they serve. for submitting queries.

Most of these sectional societies will publish Though you may have searched every known conqueries on former residents of the locale in their temporary record for facts about your progenitors, magazines. You will find a list of most of these soyou have not tapped one of the richest sources of incieties with regulations regarding queries in the formation until you have let the world know of your

Handbook for Genealogical Correspondence published genealogical problems by listing your ancestral lines by the Cache Genealogical Library and available with the Pedigree Referral Service and by advertising through most bookstores carrying genealogical supin genealogical magazines so that members and nonplies. A few of the more prominent magazines pubmembers alike may give you assistance.

JULY 196S 615 prints all over everything. We have

already shown how accurately the

Book of Mormon depicts the actualities of life in the ancient East, both in Jerusalem and in the desSINCE ert; 6 what we wish to do here is to

take note of some of the many instances in which the literary figures of the book may be matched not of life in the realities the only byCUMORAH NEW VOICES FROM THE DUST a but especially World, Old by

PH.D. NIBLEY, BY HUGH corresponding imagery in the apocUNIVERSITY BRIGHAM YOUNG PROFESSOR OF HISTORY AND RELIGION,

ryphal writings.

Consider how the Book of Mormon begins. After a colophon in

the Egyptian manner, formally corThe Testament of Lehi / Part I rect in every detail, 7 we are plunged right into what may be called the

A search through fiftyodd apocrynewly found apocryphal writings, 4 Testament of Lehi. The choice of

phal writings of recent discovery and yet has no place in conventhe "testament"form of literature reveals the surprising fact that no tional Christian and Jewish theand the strict adherence to all its theme enjoys greater prominence ology, having been vigorously conventions throughout the openamong them than that of the councondemned by the doctors of both ing chapters of 1 Nephi are most cil in heaven held at the foundation religions in the 4th and 5th cenremarkable. This is the way nearly

of the world and the plan "laid turies, since they would not tolerate all the patriarchs and prophets of down in the presence of the first any concepts involving preexisIsrael tell their private stories in the angels"on that occasion. 1 The tence of the spirit of man. 5 Hence Apocrypha, that is, in works called

word "plan"(usually as makhis found the studious avoidance "testaments,"which include adshavah or boule) occurs with great of such words as "plan"and "probamonitions to their sons and followfrequency in these writings, but tion"in our translations of the ers (usually given at the end of though it is often found also in the Bible; to the contemporaries of life ), a recapitulation of God's past

Bible, it is never translated as Joseph Smith, these ideas were mercy along with prophecies and "plan"in the King James version, completely foreign, though we now warnings of things to come, and where, in fact, the word "plan"does know, thanks to documents dis- (however incongruous it may seem not even appear.- On the other covered "since Cumorah,"that they at first glance) an account of a

hand it appears no fewer than 24 were the very essence of early vision in which the prophet was times in the Book of Mormon. Christianity and Judaism. taken to heaven and saw God on

Basic to the "plan"was the proSince these matters have been his throne. 8

vision that man's life on earth was treated elsewhere, instead of docLehi starts right in with the to be a time of testing or probation trinal issues we shall consider here heavenly journey, a vision in which (that word occurs 13 times in the what is perhaps the most remark- "... he thought he saw God sitting

Book of Mormon), in which every able resemblance between the Book upon his throne...."(Ibid., 1:8.)

soul would be faced every day of of Mormon and the newly disHere we are taken back to a counhis life with a choice between the covered Apocrypha, namely the cil in heaven as a fitting prologue two ways--the way of light and the quaint and.peculiar imagery both to a religious history. A decision is

way of darkness, or of life and bodies of writing employ in discussreached in the council and hailed death respectively. 3 ing the plan. It is in their lavish The Book of Mormon

This theme, as fully set forth in but unfamiliar imagery that the depicts the actualities of the Book of Mormon, enjoys almost writers of the Book of Mormon East,lifebothin intheJerusalemancient overwhelming predominance in the have, so to speak, left their fingerand in the desert.

616 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA with a great acclamation of joy, by showing them that there is a and cast themselves down from after which the session breaks up, divine plan behind everything and heaven to that first star."11 There is

various parties going about the hence letting them know good men in fact a great deal in the early business of carrying out their asshould not be impatient or disApocrypha about the coming down signments in the implementation of mayed when things seem to go of fallen stars from heaven to cirthe plan—the plan "prepared from wrong. This is a lesson taught in culate among men upon the earth. 12

the foundation of the world."9 Job, John, and the Thanksgiving But this is matched in the same

Here we glimpse a concept of Hymns and Battle Scroll of the writings by the other side of the heaven wholly alien to the convenDead Sea documents. 10 picture, the coming down to earth

tional teachings of the Jewish and The interesting thing about Lehi's of stars for the salvation of men.

Christian doctors, who< can think of vision is that it carries through to Lehi reports that "... he saw one

nothing better than Athanasius's the dismissal of the meeting, after descending out of the midst of picture of the meeting going on and which "... he saw one descending heaven, and he beheld that his

on and on forever, with the choir out of the midst of heaven,... luster was above that of the sun

never ceasing its hymn and the "And he also saw twelve others at noonday.

angels never relaxing from their atfollowing him, and their brightness "And he also saw twelve others titude of praise. That concept comes did exceed that of the stars in the... and their brightness did exceed

from the few brief glimpses of firmament. that of the stars in the firmament."

heaven reported in the scriptures, "And they came down and went (Ibid., 9-10.) Ignatius of Antioch

cases in which inspired men have forth upon the face of the earth...."says that when Christ was born

been allowed to look in for a mo- (Ibid., 1:9-11.) "there shone a star in heaven

ment in a brief flashback on what Now we all know that Lucifer brighter than all the stars... and

once happened above; this was to fell "as a star from heaven,"and the all the other stars, with the sun and

explain to them what happens here Book of Enoch says that that the moon made a chorus to that and to'console them in their distress prophet "saw many stars descend (Continued on page 645)

LOVETHE have always been intrigued with the answer animating nature; a general principle of evolution;

of the Savior in his day to the attorney who an unconscious, impersonal, lifegiving force under tried to trap him by asking which of the which the whole cosmos slowly developed. This deficommandments was the greater. Thinking in nition is being pretty generally circulated in our time,

terms, I I suppose, of the Ten Commandments, and The important thing to us is that we can know God thinking that those who did not agree with him as—not wholly; the more we delve into the universe

to the one which was the greater might leave him, which he has created and contemplate the whole

Jesus surprised his critics by rolling all the commiracle of life itself, the less we feel we do know mandments into one—"Thou shalt love the Lord thy of him. And certainly in this life we shall not come

God with all thy heart, and with all thy soul, and with to know him thoroughly. This is life eternal, to know

all thy mind. the one and only true God and Jesus Christ whom

"This is the first and great commandment. he has sent. (See John 17:3.) We will not achieve

"And the second is like unto it, Thou shalt love life eternal here, and we will not fully comprehend thy neighbour as thyself."(Matt. 22:3739.) The God here. Yet there are answers to the pleas of people

whole gospel is very much involved in these statewho wishfully say, "If we only knew what God was ments. like, if we knew some of his attributes, we perhaps

In our time we find a great misunderstanding of could worship him."

that we can know God God, and, of course, if you do not understand him, FT1 HE WRITER affirms you can hardly love him. Perhaps the crying need of II fairly well because he sent into the world

our day is what the Prophet Joseph sometimes called his Only Begotten Son in the flesh, who the first principle of the gospel—that we come to an -M- consistently pointed out: "... he that hath

understanding of God. Most people say they believe seen me hath seen the Father;..."(Ibid., 14:9.)

in God but seem to agree with Emil Bruner's stateAll that I do I have seen my Father do before me.

ment in his book Divine Human Encounter: "God (See ibid., 5:19, 8:28.) "I and my Father are one."

is mystery. What we speculate about God is idolatrous (Ibid., 10:30. ) "AH we have to do to know God, then,

interpretation of divine mystery of which we are all is to accept Jesus as divine, as literally the Son of aware."That sums up the view of great numbers of God in the flesh. The blindness of the people of the

Christians and nonChristians. God is mystery, and world today concerning their understanding of God

any attempt to understand him is idolatrous, biaslies in their rejection of Jesus as the Christ, phemous, and impossible. There are also a great number of testimonies of

have, of course, some Christian creeds men throughout the history of the earth who have which attempt to define God. The seen and talked with God which give great insight

Nicene Creed, to sum it up, made God concerning him. The scriptures aver that Adam We

incomprehensible and uncreated. The walked and talked with God. Enoch stated that he

term it uses is "spiritually incorporeal,"which is of saw the Lord, that "... he stood before my face,

course not understandable. It is difficult to love a and he talked with me, even as a man talketh one

God who is uncreated, incomprehensible, spiritually with another, face to face;..."(Moses 7:4.) Of

incorporeal. And yet the Savior said we should love Moses the scriptures state: "And he saw God face to

the Lord with all our heart, soul, and mind. Another face, and he talked with him, and the glory of God

creed has defined God in this fashion: "God is a was upon Moses; therefore Moses could endure his

universal, allpervading principle; an animating napresence.

ture; a general principle of evolution; an unconscious, "And God spake unto Moses, saying:,.. thou art

impersonal, lifegiving force under which the whole in the similitude of mine Only Begotten."(Ibid.,

cosmos developed slowly."Now catch that if you will 1:2, 6.

—God is a universal, allpervading principle; an Abraham saw God and talked to him. Noah saw

618 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA teaching

CONDUCTED BY THE

CHURCH SCHOOL SYSTEM

BY WILLIAM E. BERRETT

ADMINISTRATOR OF SEMINARIES AND INSTITUTES OF RELIGIONOF GOD him; Nephi saw him; Jacob saw him. Of course, the God, the heavens wept. These spirits, too, were chilperson whom they saw was none other than Jehovah dren of our Father in heaven, and God wept when

who came to earth as Jesus Christ. Again, to see they failed. You recall that he wept when the floods

Jesus is to see the Father for they are one in spirit, encompassed the earth and swept away its inhabiin likeness of body, in all of their attributes. tants. (Moses 7:2838.) One cannot understand the

The Prophet Joseph saw the Father and the Son. flood until he first learns that God so loved mankind,

He spoke of their likeness physically and was given both those unborn and those there upon the earth, an understanding of their relationship one to the that in his wisdom he cleansed it by water before other. He, especially, gives to us increased evidence its peoples reached a new level of degradation and

that Jesus is the Christ, and through that evidence shame, thus providing unborn millions a chance to we may know the nature of our Father in heaven. come to the world in a more fitting environment.

regard to God. We need not walk in rejoice that he had evened the score with his children. Our knowledge, then, is rather great in This was not a matter of revenge; God did not

darkness but in the light of all that the Enoch, looking into the heavens, saw the heavens prophets have given and in the light of weep, and he said, I did not know that the heavens the revelation of God in the life of Jesus Christ. And could weep. And God said unto him, Ought I not

what we see of him is good. Many of the ancients to weep, seeing these are my children? (See idem.)

fashioned a God in the mind—fashioned a God whom The type of God described at the beginning of this

they feared and whom they sought to placate by article cannot weep. Neither can he rejoice. Nor can

sacrifice and by types of prayer. However, they did he change. But the God we worship does weep, and

not love the God they worshiped. No one, I think, he does rejoice over the lost soul who returns to him,

ever contended that men loved the Greek and Roman for he is like unto us—his children—subject to passions,

gods. They feared them. The Apostle Paul found on subject to feelings. And in that sense, because we

Mar's hill a statue even to an unknown god, so fearful are in his image and because we are literally his were the Grecian people that they might have ofchildren and can in a measure understand ourselves, fended one by failing to erect a statue to his name. we can in a measure understand him who created us.

It was fear that prompted the erection of the images. Again, if we believe that we are his children and if

Contrariwise, from our scriptures we learn that all we believe that Jesus Christ is divine, we can come that God does regarding man and the earth is out to know God.

of love for us. He created the earth for our home—I rejoice in knowing that God so loves me that he

a startling thought. He put all things in it and gave us will forgive me my sins and remember them no more

dominion over the fish of the sea and the fowl of the if I will but repent. That represents a Loving Father.

air and all things that live upon the earth. He further We must keep in mind the latter part of that statehas indicated that all of these things are for our use ment: I the Lord will forgive and remember your

and are subject unto us. As the Psalmist said, He sins no more. (See D & C 58:42.) We have a hard

hath created us a little lower than the angels, and job sometimes to forgive one another and remember crowned us with wisdom and knowledge. (See the sin no more. I suppose only a God can do it to

Psalm 8:5.) God planned for our earthly experience perfection, although perhaps a mother and a father

under the only laws by which such experience could exemplify the same principle in forgiving their chilbe had. And knowing that man would fall, he also dren. Certainly, in their youth, we forgive our children

planned for his redemption. quite easily and remember no more.

is touching to read in the scriptures that Knowing that in this earth we should be subject to of in the things Lucifer, son morning, those and to evil the wrong doing many way—subject

left his Spirit the sent heavens, him having to enlighten Itwhenwho followed forces—God all men. We

refused to come to earth under the plan of read in the scriptures (Continued on page 628)

JULY 196S 619 The Wayside Graves on the

Approximately eighty thousand Latterday Saints composed for the benefit of the migrating Saints. I

started across the plains between 181+7 and never hear this hymn sung that my heart does not go

May 10, 1869, when the railroads were joined at out in deep gratitude and thanksgiving to the Lord

Promontory, Utah. Of that number historians for the integrity and devotion of our pioneer mothers

have estimated that there were nearly six thouand fathers. They had a faith which was sublime.

sand whose physical stamina could not match Mark Twain pays to our pioneers the following their moral courage and spiritual determination; tribute: "Neither hunger, thirst, poverty, grief, hatred,

these were they who finished mortality by the contempt nor persecution could drive the 'Mormons'wayside and were tenderly laid in mostly unfrom their faith or their religion, and even the thirst marked graves. for gold, which gleaned the flower of the youth and

In 191U President Heber J. Grant, then a memstrength of many nations, was not able to entice them.

ber of the Council of the Twelve, wrote the story That was the final test. An experiment that could

of two such Saints and of the great rallying hymn survive that, was an experiment with some substance of the pioneers, "Come, Come, Ye Saints."These to it somewhere."

excerpts are from the Improvement Era, 17:777ff Referring to the omission of the fourth verse in sing-

(June 191). ing this hymn, my fatherin-law, the late Oscar

Winters, said to me one day while visiting at my "Come, Come, Ye Saints"is, more than any other home: "Brother Grant, I do not believe that the young

hymn, entitled to be called the great pioneer hymn. people today fully appreciate what a marvelous inIt was written by William Clayton. He wrote this spiration it was to the Saints in crossing the plains to

famous hymn within two hours and set it to the music sing, almost daily, the hymn, 'Come, Come, Ye Saints.'

of an old English tune. If the young people of the Church today understood

Seldom are all four verses of this grand old hymn all that it meant to the early pioneers, while crossing sung. [All four stanzas are in the present hymnbook the plains, to sing this hymn nearly every night around

and are generally sung today.] I think this is due to the campfires, I do not believe they would be guilty

the fact that the musicians, in compiling the psalmody, of singing only three verses. I have never yet heard a

used only three verses of each of the hymns. In the choir sing more than three verses, and yet to my mind

25th section of the Doctrine and Covenants, it is rethe fourth verse is the climax to its splendid prayer."

corded: "For my soul delighteth in the song of the He then related the following incident: "One night,

heart; yea, the song of the righteous is a prayer unto as we were making camp, we noticed one of our

me, and it shall be answered with a 'blessing upon brethren had not arrived, and a volunteer party was their heads."(V. 12.) I believe that there was a great immediately organized to return and see if anything

necessity for some uplifting and cheering hymn to be had happened to him. Just as we were about to start,

BY PRESIDENT HEBER J. GRANTPioneer Trail

we saw the missing brother coming in the distance. him; he sang the hymn alone. When he had finished,

When he arrived, he said he had been quite sick; so I doubt if there was a single dry eye in the camp. The

some of us unyoked his oxen and attended to his part next morning we noticed that he was not yoking up of the camp duties. After supper, he sat down before his cattle. We went to his wagon and found that he

the campfire on a large rock and sang, in a very faint had died during the night. We dug a shallow grave,

but plaintive and sweet voice, the hymn 'Come, Come, and after we had covered his body with the earth we

Ye Saints.'It was a rule of the camp that whenever rolled the large stone to the head of the grave to mark

anybody started this hymn all in the camp should it, the stone on which he had been sitting the night join, but for some reason this evening nobody joined before when he sang: ( Concluded on following page )

Mmmzi:Mi% it. TheyThe Wayside Graves on the reason he did not relate to me an- "Winters"chiseled upon

surmised, immediately incident far knowing touching morePioneer Trail other that they were on the old the fear that he Mormon might to him was (Concluded from preceding page) break down. I subsequently learned pioneer trail, that this piece of

'And should we die before our that after he had been located for wagon tire must mark the grave of journey's through, some time in Pleasant Grove, he one of the pioneers, so they very

Happy day! all is well! came to Salt Lake with his team considerately went back several

We then are free from toil and and with a cheerful heart to meet miles and changed the line of the sorrow, too; his mother. When the company road so as to miss the grave, and

With the just we shall dwell! arrived, he learned that she, too, sent an account of what they had

But if our lives are spared again had died before her journey's end discovered to the Deseret Neios,

To see the Saints their rest and was sleeping in an unknown asking if anyone knew about the obtain, grave on the vast plains between grave. The railroad company has

how we'll make this chorus here and the Missouri River. Some since built a neat little fence round

swellyears later when engineers of the the grave, and the Winters'family

All is well! all is well!'Burlington Railroad were surveyhas erected a little monument of

1 noticed tears in my fatherin- ing the route in Nebraska, they ran temple granite on which is chiseled law's eyes when he finished relating across a piece of wagon tire stickthe fourth verse of "Come, Come, this incident; and I imagined the ing in the ground with the word Ye Saints."

July That Summer Kenny, and he had been pestering the excitement of it made me clear her this afternoon. weak in my stomach. I tried to

(Continued from page 612) Mama had come downstairs in imagine what it would be like at her purple satin dress with the lace the dance where they would all be tumbled onto its side, and the popflare on the sleeves and neck. She later, whirling, dipping, smiling.

corn sank into the water. was fixing her pompadour before When the druggist in his black

One of the girls looked at me in the bookcase mirror when Papa skull cap finally saw me, I told him utter surprise and said, "Gee, why'd came down in a clean white shirt what I wanted, and he filled the you throw it away?"and his white trousers and dark tiny, corked bottle with the fra-

"We didn't want any more. We're jacket. He walked over and put his grance and handed it to me in a

all as full as a toad full of flies."cheek against hers, sniffing. "Um-m, pinkstriped candy sack.

"Yes,"she agreed, "but you no perfume,"he said. "Don't you "Folks going to the party, I supmight pose?"and looked tomorrow. want some some?"he questioned, My"want

not, as folded arms, mother says, 'Waste shrugged, "It doesn't matter. She if he want not.'at me over

"My mother says that too,"I re- I like to smell clean. That's all that had never looked at me before. I

plied, feeling a little guilty. But I matters."nodded, and he murmured, "You're

must maintain my nonchalance, so "I think we'd better have a little,"turning into a mighty pretty little

I added, "But it's the Fourth, rehe insisted, and she shrugged again, girl."I smiled, blushing, starting

member."smiling. out of the store without noticing

Ray agreed, "Sure. It only comes So Papa reached into his vest anyone else was in there. Suddenly

once a year."pocket and took out a dime and one of those thin, black canes with

When it came time for them to handed it to me, saying, "Here, a feather doll on the end blocked leave us, Ray said, "See you later."Pet, run up to the drugstore and my way. Someone was holding it

I tossed my curls saucily and get a dime's worth of Fleur de Leis there. I looked up. There was Ray,

swished my dress as I said, "Mayperfume. And hurry."grinning. Ken and another boy

be."But my knees were so shaky It was almost dark as I went up were there with him, but he

that I sank into the porch swing the block and a half to the town's ignored them, saying, "Would you before I was able to go into the drugstore; and there were some like an icecream cone?"

house. men loitering along the street, so I Had he said, "Would you like

My sisters had gone out for the pushed my steps faster. some—"well, "dog poison,"maybe,

evening already. Mama and Papa I reached there safely, saw the I guess I would have said, "Yes."

were getting ready for the dance. lights, and the round confectionary When we had the cones, and

Lauris was going to come down tables, and dainty chairs where Ken and the others snickered a and sleep with me because we couples were having a soda or a little, Ray said, "I'd better walk could hear the music from the sundae. I saw the long counter you home. It's dark."

dance'hall from my bedroom winwhere boys in stiff collars were One of the older boys - teased, dow. Besides, there would be so buying boxes of pink lady candy "It's nice when it's dark."

much to talk about. She liked for their girls. And the wonder and I felt myself blush, but Ray

622 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ignored him. Together we walked wanted to show it off, but I proHis words were interrupted by

through the fragrant, early dark tested, "Oh, no. You mustn't,"grabPapa's voice calling, "Is that you,

down the block and a half which bing onto the curl. Kirsten? Hurry, we're all ready."

had seemed so long as I came up Putting the knife away, he asked "I've got to go in,"I whispered, and now seemed much too short. soberly, "Do you know what I afraid my parents might see him

We stopped by the porch. Neither wished?"and tease me, and rushed quickly

had much to say. He picked up one "No. And you're not supposed to up the walk into the parlor where

of my ringlets and said, "It's pretty. tell."the light seemed brighter than

Guess I'll cut it off.""I want to,"he began, bending usual.

He brought out a shiny new the grass with his foot moving back My friend came, and Mama and pocket knife, and I'm sure he just and forth over it. "I wished..."Papa left, kissing me, saying: "Inez

will be home early. As soon as she

comes, you get to bed."

Lauris and I sat on the leather couch and talked and laughed about the happenings of the day.

I THE SPOKEN MOTHERS: THE LIFELINE OF Sometimes we whispered as though

WORD a LI there were someone there who might hear us, like when I told her about the ring.

RICHARD L. EVANS Her eyes got wide, and she

whispered, "Maybe his wish will "Too often it is difficult in the daily round of things... to give words to come true. Why didn't you let him

our deepest emotions... to say what we profoundly feel for mothers."1 tell you?"

But well aware we are that among the greatest assurances in life is "Things like that don't happen,"the love of a good and virtuous mother, and among the greatest gifts I protested, shrugging.

to mothers is love and appreciation for their unceasing service—not only "They do too."I almost believed

household service, important as that is, but the abiding bedrock virtues, her. I wanted to believe her, bethe deep assurances of the soul, the steadying, guiding, healing lifeline cause suddenly I was sure the wish

of life—to know "... that you love and are loved by Mother.... Lovwas for something wonderful.

ing one's children wholeheartedly, [and in turn being loved]... is the Even as we talked, I noticed the

privilege, the glory, the duty and the deep abiding joy of motherhood."1 ring was getting tighter on my

"The greatest thing about mothers,"said a distinguished senator, "is finger. The finger itself was beginnot that they go down into the valley of the shadow of death to bring ning to swell. By the time Inez got

new life into the world, but that they dedicate their entire lives to the there, it was almost purple. We

welfare of their children. Mother love, mother guidance and teaching tried to get the ring off, rubbing the

are the greatest civilizing influences in the world."2 "The strongest anchor finger with soap, pushing, pulling.

that was fixed in my life,"said another, "... was that love which I knew But it wouldn't even budge. It was

to hurt. a beginning feeling a defense, This toward became mother for me.she had 3 my At last Inez became frightened... conthings temptation."barrier she taught and between "Two me

stantly,"said a distinguished scientist, "to secure an education and... to and called the house where the

remain true to ideals.... The atmosphere of upward striving,... and party was being held and told

neverwavering love which she created in our home compelled progress Mama she had better come home.

to appear.... The memory that I have of her, of our confidences, conThey both came, of course, and

versations,... is sacred, and cannot be placed on paper."4 This from tried every way they knew to move

President McKay: "Among the most precious soul treasures is the the stubborn tin band with its pink

memory of mother's prayers by the bedside, of her affectionate touch glass stone. They had no better luck.

as she tucked the bed clothes around my brother and me, and gave each Papa called the tinsmith, who had a loving, good night kiss.... It was this realization of Mother's love,... to get out of bed and come down

which, more than once during fiery youth, turned my steps from the and cut the ring from my finger.

precipice of temptation.... If mother love were but half rightly directed I hadn't cried before, and I didn't

and if fatherhood were but half what it should be in example and honor, know exactly why I was crying much of the sorrow and wickedness in the world would be overcome."5 then. But as I saw the small, broken

All this brings most meaningfully to mind these words from Ruskin: band fall to the floor, the tears came

"And give them, lastly, not only noble teachings but noble teachers."6 and ran swiftly down my cheeks.

May mothers, old and young, love and be loved in the memories and "Does it hurt?"Mama asked,

service and assurance they add to our lives and be such as the writer pulling my head against her of Proverbs said: "Her children arise up, and call her blessed...."7 shoulder, against her purple satin

dress, mind you.

Clara Savage Littledale, Editorial, Parents Magazine, May 1946. And I answered, "Not much. Just

Kerstina Morrison (of Anne SmootSenator Reed Smoot). a little."

Fielding Smith)."President F. Smith (of Mary Joseph

4Dr. John A. Widtsoe (of Anna Karine Gaarden Widtsoe). She kissed me, and the tears

President (of Jeannette David O. McKay Evans McKay). came harder than ever. Oh, I think Gardens. Lilies: Ruskin,"John Of Queens'

'Prov. 31:28. I knew deep inside of me that the

"The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia wish wouldn't really come true. I

Broadcasting System, May 9, 1965. Copyright 1965. suppose that was why I was crying.

JULY 1965 623 These Times tribute impressively. But as Dr. in our international Church; in

(Continued from page 597) Widtsoe wrote in defense of what scholarly and professional groups.

is now Utah State University (then There are nearly three hundred ( 1 ) the facts of the scientific revothe Utah Agricultural College) such groups on our campus, includlution, (2) the extensive growth more than fifty years ago: "to ing 33 churchled groups, the LDS

of knowledge, ( 3 ) reasons of econohelp every man in our free republic group being one of the 33, which my and efficiency, and (4) some to share, practically, in the joys and in turn breaks down into three impressive sociological values. benefits of the great intellectual student wards and dozens of other

The facts of the scientific revoluconquest of the world, is the dream real groups, as readers of this coltion require heavy expenditures...—and the dream is rapidly being umn will understand.

and concentrations of equipment, realized."On such campuses, the individual

not only in science and engineering Some who have safely been adstudent can have as much "small laboratories, medical schools and mitted to college and now hold group"association as he normally libraries, but also in schools of their degrees sometimes ask: Are desires, elects, or aspires towards,

business administration, education, not too many going to college? The including intimate association with

and some phases of the arts. Cogent answer to that question comes most faculty and staff members. At the

reasons can be advanced, basically properly, perhaps, not from those same time, if he essays towards ones dictated by economy, but also who have been, but from those service in associations of departinvolving the welfare of indiwho have deep desire and have yet mentwide, schoolwide, collegeviduals, for locating one expensive to realize that desire or at least to wide, or even universitywide computer center in the midst of get the opportunity to make the scope, such as election to the stu18,000 students rather than to have trial. It has been the genius of dent senate, opportunities are

one each in thirty small colleges American higher education thus far there. He or she can have the

of six hundred students each. The to keep some doors open always to social laboratory experience, face

sociological values of the big instithose who sincerely seek the trial the challenge of the large urban tution derive from the basic fact of intellect. It is noteworthy that communities in which most of us

that contemporary man, as a conthe British tradition of the past of now live, as well as seek the comsequence of the scientific revoluuniversity education only for "the fortable feeling of the small circle tion, inhabits a "shrinking"world best"is now being reversed rather of associates.

whose essential services and operastrikingly. New "red brick"uniArguments heard about the netions, whether providing fresh versities are multiplying in Engcessity of "standing in line,"or

water, food, light, heat, transportaland, as in Africa and elsewhere, merely being an IBM number betion, or clothing, derive from largeto take their place with Oxford and long mostly in the category of the scale operations. Cambridge, as educational doors ancient American and campus cusStudents do not live in Arcadia to opportunity. tom (including small colleges) of

before they come to college. They What are the underlying confree and expressive criticism. It

do not live and work in Arcadia ditions for the "big"university, goes by another name in the Army.

after they earn degrees. They come serving thousands of citizens, to The reaction to environment, of

from Megalopolis. They live and avoid becoming "bad"? Quality is similar nature and character, can be

will work in Megalopolis—most of important, especially the quality to heard nearly every day in every

them. The need is for them to try reach, touch, and inspire the indihome, in the warehouse of every

to make Megalopolis more Arcavidual whose parents and whose factory. Indeed it is part of the

dian than they received it from home environment do not reflect phenomena of organization. A northeir parents. They, while learning the liberalarts awareness of a mal amount should be expected of

to appreciate the rights of privacy Harvard professor's son, who may the university. Besides, to stand in

and their conservation, must learn have never heard of T. S. Eliot, a line for an hour or so on registrahow to do so in large communities Brahms'passacaglia, nor nucleic tion day, in order to plan more

—even when suburbs of those comacid, but who has to live and funceffectively the next sixty years of

munities wear the outer appearance tion as a man and citizen in the one's life, shouldn't be much more of Ruritania, where sheep gently world of NASA and Early Bird. punishment than standing in line

graze, where bees can be heard The ability of the big university some Saturday night to see Doris humming after the motor in the to organize itself internally, to renDay and Rock Hudson in somestation wagon has been turned off der its services effectively to indithing far less significant for the (and the car parked), and where vidual students, is also important. individual's future. And computers

fish still swim in a nonpolluted This is being done with great sucare about to eliminate registration brook. cess on many big campuses: in resilines. This will open the way for

Nothing in the foregoing should dence hall organizations and new opportunities for the human be interpreted to imply that the subgroups as real as the LDS ward spirit to engage in institutional small college, lacking a millioncriticism!

copy library, a computer center, a No, as the Supreme Court said reactor, and large residence halls, He is a wise man who does not in the US Steel case many years is outmoded, cannot compete, and grieve for the things which he has ago, bigness is not necessarily badhas no real place. The small colnot, hut rejoices for those which ness. Rather it is a question of

lege, the middlesized university, he has. institutional behavior, its ability to

all have their very real place. They—Epictetus organize, serve, and serve well in

can and do compete, and they conthese times.

624 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA FIRSTCLASS PRODUCTS!

Example: Phillips 66 tires give extra mileage... they're made with

the world's toughest tire rubber—developed by Phillips 661

The two tires (above) ran the same distance You get up to six months to pay for these extra on the same roads on the same car. After mileage tires—without interest or carrying

20,000 miles, one is almost smooth, but thoucharges—ifyou have a Phillips 66 credit card.

sands of safe miles areJeft on the tire made Stop at a Phillips 66 station today. Get the

with Phillipsdeveloped CIS41 It's the toughfirst-class products and firstclass services est tire rubber ever invented and it's in every that have made Phillips famous in 47 states.

Phillips 66 tire! Go firstclass... go Phillips 66/ (it costs no more)

JULY I96S 625

The Gospel and the Age of the Earth ( Continued from page 609 If only one quarter of the potassium remains, 2,600 million years have elapsed since crystallization of the mineral occurred, and so on.

Clearly, any potassiumcontaining mineral constitutes a builtin clock which we can use to read the time of the formation of the crystalline mineral.

Many complications may arise to make the clock give incorrect time.

Thus, if some argon were eniimM trappedthe clockinwillthereadcrystaltoo aslongit formed,a time.

Why your church should have the soft, Ifsincesomecrystallizationof the argonoccurred,has escapedthe quiet beauty of Bigelow indicated time will be too short.

Nonetheless, by being careful to

Appearance alone would be reason Mormon church building decor. choose elements with appropriate

enough. But a fine Bigelow carpet, like There are many other Bigelow carpets halflives and by careful selection

the Gropoint Director shown above,—ideal for the home as well. In fact, for of the crystal used and by frequent

building, for every home, create noise. every public an atalso absorbs Helps is cross that checking, by using the or can customcreate serenity. has of Bigelow Saves on maintemosphere a than reasonably one clock,

it for more carpet. doing too. perfect been costs We've cleaning nance and

This sturdy tweed is woven of finest well over a century. consistent time scale for the formaselected imported wools to give years tion of the various strata in the

achieved. world has been traffic. of under heavy wear It comes

CARPETS RUGS AND it colors, to dating, 14 radioactive adaptable According to any making SINCE 182S in Bigelow J fossilbearing the oldest rocks, called lower Cambrian, are about 600 million years old, and geologists find that life has existed continuously as shown by the fossils found in the successive layers of sediments deposited since Cambrian time.

The earliest life found in the

Cambrian strata was very simple in form and increased in complexity

Arim rriak withfossil therecord.years,Eventually,according thatto theis,

about 100 million years ago, the monstrous dinosaurs walked the earth only to disappear in their turn as new forms of life, better adapted to changing conditions, displaced them.

Most scientists using this and other kinds of evidence agree on an age for the earth of about four and onehalf billion years. On the other

hand, the exact age of the earth is apparently of so little import religiously that the scriptures sketch earth history only in the briefest terms. The present heated religious

controversies on the subject will resolved undoubtedly in time be as and will then You Can't Miss If You Read appear as quaint the medieval arguments on the shape of the earth seem to us now.

If the fall involves becoming subject to death, then the fall comes alt pikt WtWmm

626 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Hottest Brand Going...

anywhere!

When it comes to good things for your car, you just can't buy better petroleum products than Conoco... Hottest Brand Going anywhere.

YOU CAN COUNT ON CONOCO... HOTTEST BRAND GOING

C 1964, Continental Oil Company

JULY 1965 627 to every son of Adam who leaves 77:6; Alma 40:8; Helaman 8:18; them who were swept away? Were

3:8. Peter Psalm 2 90:4; spirit the to receive world a mortal lost? they True, they locked were Widtsoe, A. John Improvement The

is body. If the to for over- 4. atonement to until so speak, a time, up Era, Vol. 713. p. 41,

". death, then spirit in..as come the entered 5. Jesus Stokes, world Essentials William and Adam Lee of

all men die, so in Christ shall all be Earth History (Englewood Cliffs, organized his work among t them made alive"(1 Cor. 15:22) is also 2.N. J.; PrenticeHall, Inc., 1960), Ch. that they too might hear the gospel

equally true whatever the age of 6. Arthur Holmes, "A Revised Geologiof Jesus Christ and, accepting it,

the earth. The gospel of Christ will cal Time Scale,"Trans. Edinburgh progress to glory. I do not suppose

be lighting the world long after this Geological Society, Vol. 17 (1959), there is a single one of the children

183216. 3, pp. other and to this earth comes of God who

S. A. Adams knotty problems cease to 7. J.part and J. J. W. Rogers, us. agitate will not ophave continued "Bentonites Stratiwho as Absolute Time

portunity to to reform, change, save graphic Calibration Points,"Annals SUGGESTED SUPPLEMENTARY the York of it Academy New of Science, those be both knowing who, God READING Vol. 91 p. 390. (1961), light Lucifer, the in of and choose

1. Young, Journal Brigham of Dis- 8. Wetherill, G. "Radioactivity of W.

that after to follow understanding courses, Vol. 115. p. 14, Potassium SciGeologic and Time,"

2. James E. Talmage, "The Earth and ence, Vol. 126 (1957), No. 3273, p. Lucifer rather than Christ. For

Man,"Deseret News, November 21, 545. such you can do nothing, and they

1931. Kulp, 9. Lawrence "Geologic Time are lost. But it is to be hoped, as 3. Scriptures Scale,"Science, on time: Book of Abraham, Vol. No. 133 (1961),

p. 35, Fig. 1; 3:4, 5:13; D&C 88:44; 3459, p. 1105. Joseph Smith expressed on many

occasions, that at least ninetyeight percent of the human race will be raised to some degree of glory.

We must never think of the glories as places of pain. All the

glories are places of happiness, some greater than others. Our

The Love of God ciples and come unto him. pains come in this world and in

And this is the point I would like the spirit world, where, if we have (Continued from page 619) to make clear: God loves all his not repented, we are delivered to

children, all his children, and will the bufferings of conscience and that his "Spirit giveth light to never cease throughout eternity in would, if we could, hide our faces every man that cometh into the his attempt to persuade them to from God, being ashamed of what world."(Ibid., 84:46.) For what righteousness, whether it be in this we see in ourselves. The Prophet

reason? Because without his Spirit world or the next. There is no end Joseph, having seen in vision the

men would be carnal and sensual to God's love for his children or degrees of glory, said that if we and devilish. But his Spirit is sent to the continuation of his efforts could but inherit the telestial

unto every man, unless the man to help them. As we contemplate kingdom he would be satisfied, for

drives it out. If so, he becomes as Jesus walking the cobbled streets he said it is a glory beyond the

though the Spirit had never been of Jerusalem and picture in our hopes of man. (See D & C 76:89.)

in him—carnal and sensual and minds God the Father, we find no Beyond our dreams! Yet we as

devilish. But bear in mind that all person who has sunk so low in the Latterday Saints are not content

mankind are entitled to the Spirit social scale that Jesus does not merely with that; we rather like

of the Lord if they will but let it hold out for him the hope of the the greater glorv of which Paul enter into their hearts. Regardless kingdom. "... go, and sin no more"said, "... Eye hath not seen, nor ear

of whether or not they have come (John 8:11) is the message that heard, neither have entered into

to understand and accept the gosechoed from those cobbled streets the heart of man, the things which pel of Jesus Christ and have come and gave hope to people who had God hath prepared for them that into his Church, they can be imbeen considered so sinful in the love him."(1 Cor. 2:9.) We cannot

bued with the Spirit of the Lord eyes of the rabbis that these selfcomprehend, according to the and be righteous and wonderful righteous souls would not let the Prophet, "the glory of the celestial."

and worthy of great blessings. shadow of one they deemed a But bear in mind that all of the

We will be surprised I am sure, "sinner"fall upon them lest it polkingdoms are places of glory.

as Joseph Smith and Brigham lute them. The compassion which The plan of God would be a poor

Young so frequently said, to find God must have for men, as exemone indeed if he lost most of his in the kingdom of God Catholics, plified in his Son, gives hope to children—if out of this earth life

Methodists, Episcopalians—men of every single soul in this world, if did not come such lessons as to

many faiths—ahead of us because they come to read and believe. He cause even the direst criminal, if

in this life they were full of the provided that all who might not you will, to repent and change his

Spirit of the Lord—that Spirit hear the gospel here should hear ways and come eventually to a

which permeate all may and it hereafter. men measure freof happiness. We

.. enlighteneth which ". every man Again I call attention to the Flood to read the story of quently need

through the world, that hearkeneth and the people who were swept the prodigal son and realize the to the voice of the Spirit"(idem) away in that allconsuming deluge. great truth that even one who

and who eventually, in this world We cannot understand the Flood deserts the Lord, so to speak, who or the next, hearing the gospel of story aside from the love of God for in this life commits many wrongs, if

Jesus Christ, will accept its prinhis children. What did he do with he will but eventually return to

628 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA God, God rejoices. Such a person

may not be where he ought to have been, he may not have the joy he might have acquired, but what a wonderful thought that God will welcome him back and rejoice that, though he was lost, he is found.

The love of God as expressed in his Son was shown on many, many occasions. Jesus at one time, speaking to the multitude in Jerusalem,

had his heart touched. He exclaimed, "O Jerusalem, Jerusalem,

... how often would I have gathered thy children together, even as

a hen gathereth her chickens under her wings, and ye would not!"

(Matt. 23:37.) It is the cry of a Inviting arched entrance for church that provides 7,250 square feet.

parent, will, if you over children Warm, worshipful sanctuary for a congregation of 150.

It is a cry thatwho strayed. betokens the love that Jesus had even

for those who had gone astray. He

went so far in his love of mankind that he gave his life for them. He

who was without sin, he who need not have given his life, gave it out of love of us. There is no other explanation. He need not have done

it! The agony he felt in the Garden

of Gethsemane that caused him to sweat great drops of blood is beyond our comprehension. Yet he

did it because of us, out of his love of us, out of his deep desire to take upon him our sins. I suppose we

will never fully comprehend God's love for us.

In the Book of Mormon, Mormon points out that what is good cometh of God and what is evil cometh of the devil. He gives us a great picture: "Wherefore, take heed, my This church was built for

brethren,beloved that not ye do $5 per square foot with volunteer laborjudge that evil to of which is be

God,..."(Moroni 7:14.) Oh, how and Weyerhaeuser laminated arches*

often do we do just this! How misunderstanding can we be? A truck

runs over a little child—"the will

God."of Like to save the same kind of money wonder some people No do

not love say, him. They "Where is on your new church? this permitsGod thing who to be?"

"Where is the God who permits Then mail this coupon right away*war to come and strike down millions?"Yet we have been warned,

"... take heed, my beloved brethren, that ye do not judge that which Mail to Weyerhaeuser Company,

is evil to be of God, or that which is Box B-106, Tacoma, Washington 98401.

good and of God to be of the Please see that I get more information on costsaving church devil."(Idem.) If we would keep construction with Weyerhaeuser Laminated arches.

this distinction straight, we would

Name Titlefind it easier to love the Lord.

-—Now the Savior said these two Church

commandments are close together: Address:——

"Thou shalt love the Lord thv God"City.... State -—

and "Thou shalt love thy neighbour as thyself."(Matt. 22:37, 39.) Our Weyerhaeuser

Laminated Wood Products A JULY 1965 629 love of God is measured exactly in not in: naked, and ye clothed me gourd, and then came to him the

terms of our love of our neighbor. not: sick, and in prison, and ye truth. He heard the voice of God

It is the only way in which it can visited me not. declare:

be expressed. The Prophet Micah "Then shall they also answer him, "Thou hast had pity on the gourd,

said, "... what doth the Lord resaying, Lord, when saw we thee for the which thou hast not laquire of thee, but to do justly, and an hungred, or athirst, or a stranger, boured, neither madest it grow;...

to love mercy, and to walk humbly or naked, or sick, or in prison, and "And should not I spare Nineveh, with thy God?"(Micah 6:8.) did not minister unto thee? that great city, wherein are more

James wrote, "Pure religion and "Then shall he answer them, saythan sixscore thousand persons undefiled before God and the ing, Verily, I say unto you, Inasthat cannot discern between their

Father is this, To visit the fathermuch as ye did it not to one of right hand and their left hand...?"

less and widows in their affliction, the least of these, ye did it not to (Jonah 4:1011.)

and to keep himself unspotted from me."(Ibid., 25:4245.) All the neighbors we have are

the world."(James 1:27.) The Sometimes the person who does children of God. Some, unfortuSavior repeatedly said we should not even darken the door of the nately, do not have understanding

be judged by our deeds done in the chapel does some marvelous deeds and have not learned to love God.

flesh—not by our beliefs, but by in the flesh. And sometimes those Others have learned to love their

how we act. God is not going to of other faiths outdo us who ought neighbors, and they become wonjudge us as to whether we know to know better. I shall never forget derful people. Is there a relationhow long the earth has been in a trip I made up to Fort Yukon, ship between knowledge of God

existence, or how long it took to way beyond the Arctic Circle, a and the way we live? between thecreate it, or when the Flood was, number of years ago. In that little ology and religion? I am sure there

or when Noah lived. We will not community I found a Catholic docis. When one separates ethics, as it

be judged on our knowledge of tor, a little woman about five feet were, from theology, they become, history or on our ability to quote tall, devoting her life to young in a sense, meaningless. This is the

genealogies. The Savior has made Indian girls who were in trouble. dilemma of our time—men have lost

quite clear by what we will be She had gone up there on a visit, God and, in their attempt to estabjudged. We will be judged by how she had seen their plight, her heart lish the ethics by which to live, find

we treat our fellow men, and our had gone out to them, and she had that the ethics are changed by

Lord made plain the whole method given them her life. I have thought the people who would be expected

by which we could love our fellow many times how gladly I would exto live them. Ethics without God

men and thus show our love for change my place in the kingdom become a means of convenience to the Lord. with hers, if God judges us by society and thus change with so-

"Then shall the King say unto deeds done in the flesh. I bring this ciety. And this is happening in our

them on his right hand, Come, ye out in order that all who teach the time.

blessed of my Father, inherit the gospel of Jesus Christ might have Any person seeking to set up a kingdom prepared for you from the compassion upon all people, even new ethical code must first destroy foundation of the world: as God loves all peoples upon this Christ in his own mind and in the

"For I was an hungred, and ye earth. minds of those who would be his

gave me meat: I was thirsty, and ye We need to read occasionally the disciples. Hitler could get nowhere

gave me drink: I was a stranger, book of Jonah, one of the great until he raised a new generation

and ye took me in: books of all times. Jonah did not and systematically took Christ out

"Naked, and ye clothed me: I was want to go to the Ninevites beof their lives. Could one have

sick, and ye visited me: I was in cause they were the enemies of his visited one of the horror camps of

prison, and ye came unto me. people, and it took much persuaGermany and seen to what de-

"Then shall the righteous answer sion on the part of the Lord before pravity men had fallen, one would him, saying, Lord, when saw we he went. When he arrived, he spoke have come to the realization that

thee an hungred, and fed thee? or with great earnestness of the calamisuch ends were possible only as

thirsty, and gave thee drink? ties that would come upon this Christ was first ruled out of their

"When saw we thee a stranger, people. His word frightened them, lives. Ethics, rules of morality, can

and took thee in? or naked, and and they repented. And the Lord be changed. The study of theology

clothed thee? spared them. But Jonah went out to alone is worthless. The study of

"Or when saw we thee sick, or in get a grandstand seat to watch the ethics alone is misleading. But comprison, and came unto thee? fireworks—to see his enemies desbine a knowledge of God with the

"And the King shall answer and troyed. (There are many people way we shall live one with another,

say unto them, Verily I say unto like Jonah who would love to see and we derive a strength that can you, Inasmuch as you have done it those who are not earnest in the withstand the temptations of our unto one of the least of these my gospel destroyed.) You remember time.

brethren, ye have done it unto me."the lesson the Savior taught him. Certainly the first principle of

(Matt. 25:3440.) The Lord caused a gourd to sprout the gospel is to know the God we

And then there were those on the—a quickgrowing plant that gave worship, for out of such knowledge

other hand of whom he said: him a little shelter as he waited comes our understanding of his

"For I was an hungred, and ye there many days in the sweltering commandments. Out of our knowlgave me no meat: I was thirsty, and heat. And then a worm ate at the edge of God's love for us comes

ye gave me no drink: root of the gourd, and it withered the desire to serve him and thus

"I was a stranger, and ye took me and died. Jonah felt sorry for the to love our fellow men as ourselves.

630 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The Church Moves On Cjl The First Presidency anMexico) Ward, El Paso Stake. His

Jl nounced the appointment of wife Ruth Call Romney and a son (Continued from page 603) Elder Mark B. Garff as chairman will accompany him to his new

of the Church Building Committee. assignment. They are also the parversity students began with BrigHe will succeed Elder Wendell B. ents of two older children.

ham Young University Stake in Mendenhall on July 1. Elder Garff

January 1956. Since then other uniis a former president of the Danish The First Presidency announced

versity stakes have been established Mission and is a member of the these mission changes with a view in Utah and Idaho. Wards for unipriesthood welfare committee of to adjusting boundaries and inversity students are functioning in the Church. creasing efficiency of operations:

other stakes of the Church. The North Scottish Mission was

Special Mother's Day programs The First Presidency ancombined with the Scottish Miswere given in the Sunday Schools nounced the appointment of sion, the new unit to be under the of the Church. Elder W. Jay Eldredge as presidirection of President David B.

dent of the Eastern States Mission Haight of the Scottish Mission.

Wellington (New Zealand) succeeding President Wilburn C. President Phil D. Jensen of the

Stake organized with Elder West. President West is to remain North Scottish Mission will be

Keith A. Harrison sustained as in New York until the close of the transferred to preside over the

president and Elders Douglas H. World's Fair and continue to serve California Mission. He will succeed

Whatu and Iain B. McKay as as assistant managing director of President Howard B. Anderson.

counselors. The area was formerly the Mormon Pavilion. President The Northeast British Mission is

a part of the New Zealand South Eldredge is currently serving as being combined with the North

Mission. It is the 407th stake funcpresident of Parleys (Salt Lake British Mission, which will be pretioning in the Church. Elder City) Stake. His wife Marjory sided over by President Wilford H.

LeGrand Richards of the Council Hyde Eldredge will serve in the Payne now of the Northeast British of the Twelve and Elder EIRay mission field with her husband. Mission. President Rolland L.

L. Christiansen, Assistant to the They are the parents of five Jaussi of the North British Mission

Council of the Twelve, presided at children. will be transferred to the Irish

the stake's organization. New ZeaThe First Presidency announced Mission succeeding President Steland now has four stakes of the the appointment of Elder Hal L. phen R. Covey.

Church, beginning with the AuckTaylor as president of the SouthThe Bavarian Mission has been land Stake, which was organized in west Indian Mission succeeding combined with the South German

May 1958. President J. Edwin Baird. PresiMission with the exception of the

dent Taylor is currently serving Unterfranken District, which has

The First Presidency anas a member of the presidency of been added to the West German nounced the appointment of the Kolob (Utah) Stake, at SpringMission. President Owen S. Jacobs

Elder LeRoi B. Gardner of Berkeville. He served in the Texasof the Bavarian Mission has been

ley, California, as president of the Louisiana Mission as a young elder. released.

Great Lakes Mission succeeding His wife Anna Fredrickson Taylor

President Lloyd P. Mickelsen. will accompany him to the mission Elder Harry S. Peckham susPresident Gardner is a native of field. They are the parents of nine tained as president of HamilUtah and filled a mission as a children. ton (New Zealand) Stake with

young man in Germany. He is a Elders Douglas J. Martin and Taka

former bishop of the Berkeley First The First Presidency an- W; Panere as counselors. President

Ward and at the time of this call nounced the appointment of Peckham and Elder Martin were is a member of the OaklandBerke- Elder Teddy E. Brewerton as presiserving as counselors to retiring

ley Stake high council. Mrs. Garddent of the Central American MisPresident Wendell H. Wiser.

ner will accompany her husband to sion. The mission will be divided

this field of labor. The couple has soon, with President Terrence L. P| The First Presidency anthree married children. Hansen of the Central American nounced the appointment of

Mission presiding over the new Elder Lyman P. Pinkston of GranElder A. Gifford Jackson susmission. President Brewerton is ada Hills, California, as president

hi! tained as president of San currently serving as bishop of Glenof the Gulf States Mission sucLeandro (California) Stake with more Ward, Calgary (Alberta, ceeding President M. Ross Richards.

Elders Orval L. Ostler and Delvar Canada) Stake. He filled a mission President Pinkston is a former

R. Carter as counselors. President in Uruguay. His wife Dorothy Hall bishop, member of a high council,

Jackson and Elder Ostler were Brewerton and their four children and member of a stake presidency serving as counselors to President will accompany him to the field in the southern California area. At

Milton P. Ream, who was released of labor. the time of this call he is a gospel

because he was moving from the The First Presidency announced doctrine teacher in the Granada stake. the appointment of Elder Keith Hills Second Ward. He is a former

Special commemorative proRomney as president of the West missionary to the Central States.

grams noting the 136th anniversary Spanish American Mission succeedWith him to this new assignment of the restoration of the Aaronic ing President Grant M. Burbidge. will go his wife Beatrice Davis

Priesthood were held in the SacraPresident Romney now is serving Pinkston and two of the couple's ment meetings this evening. as bishop of Las Cruces (New six children. #

JULY 1965 631 JUNE 1965 President David O. McKay THE RAINBOW PROMISE

received an honorary doctor of BY BERTHA A. KLEINMAN

Mrs. Leah Eudora Dunford humanities degree from Weber

Widtsoe, 91, widow of the late State College, the first to be given

The twilight wanes on mountainDr. John A. Widtsoe of the Council by that institution, in a capand-

of the Twelve and long time Era gown ceremony in the President's spire and steeple,

Star Evening The rides low and editor, passed to this evening at apartment. unable away had been He to bide seems

Salt Cityher exerthe attend home. Lake commencement A writer lanterns a swaying guide Where Sister of leader a cises at theand 5, Ogden, women, and June weary peopleWidtsoe was elected to the Salt degree was there accepted by his

Lake Council of Women Hall of son David Lawrence McKay. ColTovide.conquer yet the continent's diofficials to Presi1958 honlege the and awarded anFame in came Here diverse rivers wend to Eastorary of dent's doctor to degree humanities the apartment today make and Westward University in award. President Brigham Youngby was McKay watching stars above the skyonce With Principal 1960. Funeral sendees school of the were held McKay line rim,

June 12. when it was Weber Academy. As Litany of Toil is wafted crestward

And pilgrim voices chant the Vesper

Hymn—"Come, Come, Ye Saints"the rally song of courage THE SPOKEN ACTING IN ANGER... Spursquest,jaded steps to hasten on their

WORD i Their exodus a resolute entourage

To lift the nations ensign in the

RICHARD L. EVANS West!

We have talked at previous times of what comes out of the mind and No frontiersmen were they geared heart of man—the language he uses—humor, profanity: that what he for adventure,

laughs at or lets come from his lips may be the measure of his mind, To dare the avatar of wind and his soul, what he is inside. There is yet another outcropping of character, sleet,

and that is inordinate or uncontrolled anger. "Men must not turn [into] But exiles they expunged to plight

(that theirbees sting) lives in the put censure,

.. contain mischief anger from. there. be.. two,"saidthingsSir FranciswhereofBacon.you must"To and

have special caution. The one, of extreme bitterness of words, especially Adrift from home to carve a new

if they be stinging and personal.... The other, that you do not peretreat.

remptorily break off, in any business, in a fit of anger; but howsoever On yet and on, no ruthless foe could

you show bitterness, do not act anything that is not revocable."1 In quail them,

don't other words, illtimed issue an or ultimatum the forever slam door court nor country's threat could Nor ".. is in anger.. For excited to turn anger by seems he who from away interdict.".. reason. said Aurelius. itself soul Marcus to "The violence does when

it turns away from any man, or moves towards him with the intention Their onward tread, let darkening of injuring... when it does anything...without considering the skies assail them,

end...."2 "Some think that it makes them feel better when they... Nor sage nor pundit could defeat

give vent to their madness in abusive and unbecoming language,"said predict.

Brigham Young. "This, however, is a mistake.... When the wrath and

bitterness of the human heart are moulded into words and hurled with Over and on, with summit peaks violence If another. this at one practice is continued,... it will lead defending, to alienation wife, between parents and and man children, brethren and

sisters, until there is no fellowship to be found...."3 Men "should not Where amber hills drowse in the

suffer reverses and unpleasant circumstances to sour their natures and summer haze, render them fretful and unsocial at home, speaking words full of bitterMarch on, sing on in mighty cause ness and biting acrimony to their wives and children, creating gloom and contending—

in their sorrow habitations, feared making themselves rather than beThis is your Marseillaise of latter their loved by families"4 "Act nothing furious in a passion,"5 said

Thomas Fuller. And Shakespeare said it in this sentence: "Heat not a days!

furnace for your foe so hot That it do singe yourself."6 God grant that "This is the Place"—a Prophet's voice

we may not, like bees, destroy ourselves with our own anger. has spoken,

Here lie your farflung valleys of ] Sir Francis Bacon, Of Anger.

-Marcus Aurelius Antoninus, Meditations, chapter 2. repose,

:tBrigham Young, Journal of Discourses 11:255. 'Ibid., 11:136. With rainbow promise never to be

'Thomas Fuller English (160861), divine. broken- "Shakespeare, i, sc. 1. VIII, act Henry

"The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia Here shall the desert blossom as the

Broadcasting System, May 2, 1965. Copyright 1965. rose!

632 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

THE IMMT EMJT

What's so traditional about the Hammond Grand 100 Organ?

When we say the Hammond Grand 100 Organ is conform to the highest traditions and requirements.

built to conform to the purest concepts of traditional Voicing, balance, reverberation and volume in each organ architecture, this is what we mean: division are adjustable.

The Hammond Grand 100 is a totally straight In short, you won't find anything on the Hammond organ. It has no duplexing or borrowing; each of the Grand 100 that is not traditional in function or con50 stops is separately derived and has a tone quality cept. There are no dial controls, no blowing devices,

unique unto itself. no cheating or compromise with tradition.

The Grand 100 incorporates an antiphonal division Don't take our word for it. Play it. Appreciate its

entirely independent of the main organ. Not merely an response. Test its tonal versatility—its completeness.

echo organ or switching arrangement, it is an ancillary Write today. We'll help you arrange to play a Grand

division in the truest sense of the word and can be 100 and send you complete specifications.

played from the swell, great or pedal keyboards to HAMMOND ORGAN COMPANY in which a pipe organ of performance simulate the ie 7-tt Organ Company the Hammond of pipes. ranks separate of consists organ antiphonal Diversey Avenue 4200 West

The Grand 100 has in its specifications traditional Chicago, Illinois 60639 church organ percussions located on the great—Please send me complete information about the new

chimes, 25 note G to G, and harp which can be stallationGrand 100nearestOrganme.plusTherethe nameis no costand addressor obligation.of the incoupled to 4'and played as a harp celeste. Intramanual and intermanual couplers function exactly as Name..

they do on traditional organs. Mixtures, separately

derived, not borrowed, from the mutation stops are ADDRESSprovided on each manual using pitches up to the 26th.

The ensemble of the Grand 100 is not diminished ClTY.State.

by its vast range of solo voices. Each possesses its own Church.

distinctive tone. All the controls, including the combination action, the sforzando piston, the two expresMusic's most glorious voice...

sion pedals, the crescendo pedal and the toe pistons HAMMOND ORGAN

Music's most valuable franchise

JULY 1965 633 Book of Mormon Is Special Witness

It is hoped that members of the Church will bear one hand while defending the last of his people from their witness of the truth of the restoration of the the assaults of the Lamanites with the other. The

gospel at all times where proper and possible. Led last prophet of this inspired line buried the abridged

by the Holy Ghost, a member bearing testimony can record in the hill, for a reason that he knew not, but stir the hearts of listeners to the depths of their souls. which is plainly apparent to us today.

When the time came for the heavens to open after The book was brought forth by miraculous means.

eighteen hundred years of silence, the Lord God gave An angel visits a boy three times in one night. He

a witness which he himself had caused to be preinstructs the boy annually for four years. A man, full

pared. The Lord performs his work on earth by means of pride, is inspired to finance the first edition of

of the acts and words of human beings. The witness 5,000 copies. Eleven witnesses testify that they have

provided was the result of human action inspired by seen the record, three by vision and eight by earthly

God. handling and sight. Isaiah's prophecy is literally fulFirst he inspired Lehi to leave Jerusalem; then he filled by the learned Professor Anthon's statement

inspired Nephi to obtain the brass plates; then he that "I cannot read a sealed book."

inspired the keeping of records of the history of the Finally the promise of Moroni in the last people, often by men especially called. The crowning pages is that one who reads with sincere heart

inspiration was given to Mormon, who made an will know of the truth of the book by the abridgment of the history of a thousand years with power of the Holy Ghost.

634 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA BOOK OF MORMON CHRISTMAS PROJECT This year in response to assignment, the seventies of the Church are asking all church members to participate in an effort to distribute the

Book of Mormon to nonmembers of the Church.

The objective is to give the Book of Mormon to nonmembers as a

Christmas card. Each member who has friends and acquaintances who are

not members is invited to send a special Christmas edition to these friends instead of the customary Christmas card. (Cards often cost 50 cents. This

special edition will be 50 cents including a card and a mailing envelope.)

The donor will be spending no more than he ordinarily would and will confer untold blessings by his act.

Seventies will visit adult members, inviting each to purchase as many books as gifts as can be used. The organization of the project in each stake

is under the direction of the seventies quorum of that stake.

The project is not confined to adults. Teenage boys and girls are invited to give the book to nonmember friends to whom they send cards and to

newly found friends.

A special Christmas edition of the book is being printed. With it will

be given a special Christmas card honoring the Lord Jesus Christ and a mailing envelope to make the delivery to distant addresses easy.

To make the project successful, it is necessary to plan now, confirm individual orders, and deliver the books. When Christmas comes, early

preparation will have made this Christmas effort a joyful success.

JULY 1965 635.

While my father was on his mission in northern

California, he and his companion were sent to Coloma, the town where gold was first discovered, to preside over the church museum located in this historic town.

After they had been there a month, an elderly woman came inquiring about the Church. She said that she

had been observing them since the day of their arrival.

BY CAMERON R. McKAY She was so impressed with their conduct and mannerism that she wanted to know more about what would

in October R. Logan, Utah, on born was McKayCameron 7, cause two young men to act as they did. Lucille late Ernest of the son and Cameron is the 1950. He

G. McKay. The family moved to Mesa, Arizona, in 1958. A Through the example we set we can turn people

in Huntsville, of his spent been have summersnumber Utah, toward the direction of gospel blessings. Many of our favorite ranch. His sport is horsethe helping on farm and

back riding, and he also likes to play basketball. friends and neighbors are not members of the Church.

is a of the 18th Ward, East Mesa Cameron Mesa member in Priesthood, a Aaronic the teacher Stake. was People will take note of how we talk and act, and beHe is

formerly president of the deacons quorum, and plays the come interested in the Church if we are true and the mixed piano for priesthood meeting and for freshmen in his patrol in his leader is the senior Boy faithful in all things. We can be friendly, be helpfulchorus school. He

Scout troop and is completing requirements for Eagle rank. neighbors, attend our meetings regularly, and strive

Over two years ago, in March 1963, a good friend and I decided to join a group of boys for a mousing game of ball. We headed over to the town park where

we always played. Shortly after we arrived, one of our

buddies was called home, making a shortage of players. We had just arrived and were not in the

mood to go home, so we looked around for something else to do. Our attention was drawn to a kite that

MjuQ of Mhliy. ithadbecamebeen caughta gameintosomesee highwhichtensionone ofwires.us wouldQuicklybe

able to free the kite. We were throwing rocks, sticks,

BY BRUCE YOUNG and even the basketball, but still the kite remained

Bruce Young, a deacon in the caught.

Box Perry Ward, South Elder In our search for more rocks my friend Johnny and

Stake, 30, 1951, was born May in Brigham City, Utah. He is I came across a long aluminum irrigation pipe, and

of Deryl the Ross son and immediately the same thought entered our minds. We Young. has two DeEsta He

brothers and two sisters both took hold of the pipe and raised it to the level 16;. Boyd, age 11; Philip, age of the kite, hoping to jar it loose. Before we even

5. Teresa, 9; Roseann, age age

Bruce is in the eighth grade knew what happened, the pipe attracted the elecElder at Junior High Box tricity, and 7,500 volts of electricity charged through in City. His School Brigham

interests include swimming, our bodies and into the wet ground.

skiing, boating, water campWhat followed was a most terrifying experience; I ing, bowling, baseball. and He

is in Boy Scout troop 110. shall never forget it. At first I thought I was dying;

636 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA to be good citizens of the community and nation. experiences and how happy his mission was, it makes

There are many people throughout the world from me more anxious for the time when I can go on a misthe various religious denominations searching for the sion. It also makes me want to be faithful to the

truth. It is our responsibility to give them the opporteachings of the Church, so that when the call comes

tunity to accept or reject the gospel. We do not have to go on a mission, I will be worthy. I am most anxious

"the authority to say which person can or cannot reto go on a mission and preach the gospel.

ceive the gospel. Some people think that they have to go on a foreign

The missionary program can help the individual mission or a stake mission in order to preach the member in many ways. It teaches a person to live near gospel. President David O. McKay has told us, "Every

his Heavenly Father, to exercise faith, to work hard, member a missionary."This mans we might have the

to become selfreliant, to actually become as our opportunity to live the gospel and not say one word.

Heavenly Father. Also, by being a missionary, we can We have been told by the prophets of the Lord that

attain true happiness. As missionaries we have the the only way peace will ever come to the earth is for

opportunity of serving our fellow men. When we are in men to live the teachings of the gospel. We who have

the service of our fellow men, we are in the service the gospel are truly blessed. May we live to be worthy

of our Heavenly Father. This is true happiness. of these blessings. This is the best way to be a good

Every time I hear a returned missionary tell of his missionary.

then I lost consciousness. Artificial respiration was and helps in our daily lives. I believe and am very

applied by a neighbor, and as I regained consciousthankful that God restored his Church through the ness, I could hear my good friend Johnny crying to Prophet Joseph Smith and that his priesthood, which the Lord to save our lives and not let us die. is the authority from God given to man to help heal

An ambulance rushed us to the Brigham City Hosthe sick and to do his other important work, has been pital, where the kindest of care was given. In my mind restored to earth.

was an uneasiness, and no matter how hard I tried, I I was very happy when I turned twelve and was was unable to rest. Brother Paul D. Barnard, then a ordained a deacon so that I could pass the Sacrament

member of our bishopric, and my father administered and gather fast offerings for the ward. I am looking

to me. Tears of joy filled my eyes as I heard the wonforward to my advancement in the priesthood 'and

derful prayer. I felt the power of the priesthood, as pray that I, a youth of the Church, will always be

a soothing peacefulness entered my thoughts. worthy to hold this wonderful gift from God, as well

The outcome of this day was that we were badly as receive his other great blessings that have been burned and required many weeks in the hospital, promised to all people who remember him and keep where we underwent many operations and months of his commandments which lead to eternal life, the convalescing. This is how I came to have an "electric"greatest of all gifts.

brother whom I will always cherish. I love to visit our attic spare room, which yet conThinking back over the accident, the high voltage, tains many belongings of my ancestors. From the

the doctors, hospitals, parents, friends, and above all atmosphere of this retreat I receive a feeling of the spiritual guidance and love my Heavenly Father strength and courage. Somewhere among the treasures

showed me by answering our prayers, I see how much of my ancestors in my attic retreat are two burnt

I have to be thankful for. I believe in a real and living shoes. When I come across them, I think back to that

Heavenly Father, who continually watches over us day and feel a strong and unfailing faith in God.

JULY 1965 637 to Time

TODAY'S FAMILY/ FLORENCE B. PINNOCK/ EDITOR

Relax as you sit on your patio. Don't feel guilty. another story though when inefficiency steals time.

Leisure is not a luxury; it is a necessity. You earn Tasks done sloppily squander time. Worry, ignorance,

leisure just as you earn any compensation from workand indifference are also thieves of hours. Another

ing. You need leisure really to live just as you need robber is time spent being untidy, unkempt, and

money to exist. ungroomed. On the other side of the coin are the

If a mother pushes herself to her limit, she becomes extremes of the perfectionist. Everything must be too

tense and inefficient. Emotions are contagious—a tense, tidy, too immaculate, too just right. There is a rigidity

distraught mother makes nervous, unhappy children. here that is a time squanderer. Overprograming, packSelf-control is the product of relaxation. A person ing each minute too full, setting impossible standards

needs time to stretch. During this leisure period are in the long run time wasters, and mental sickness

dreams are built, and the energy to make them come may follow.

true is generated. Leisure makes life a pleasure inLoving what one does saves time and tension. Why

stead of a burden. Lazy periods can be productive. not try to get the tasks you do not like behind you

During the rest time muchneeded repairs in the body early in the day, mixing that which you like to do and mind take place. Relaxation gives meaning to with the distasteful tasks. Do the breakfast dishes,

work. If you don't take time to rest, you'll find yourmake the beds, pick up the litter, then do something

self taking time to be sick; you'll find yourself losing you really enjoy doing before you jump into the distime by your inefficiency. I can almost hear you say, liked tasks of the day. Creativeness helps routine.

"I agree with you one hundred percent, but how does Find new ways to do old tasks, new schedules for the one find the time for leisure?"different seasons. Think up timesaving ways to hurdle

How often do you squander time? Hours can slip unpleasant responsibilities. It can be almost a game—

by without accomplishment if you have no plan. this creative time planning.

Create a program for yourself. It very likely will not If you have a time pattern, you will not have a life

fit your neighbor—you are two different human too busy to go see Joe play first base in the Little

beings. But be sure that it fits you. Know your reLeague, help Sue make doll clothes, let small hands

sponsibilities, your capabilities, your likes and disform the bread dough, look pretty and relaxed when likes, your limitations. Then form a time pattern just he comes home, develop # that hobby, take a special

for you. Develop your own pace for work. There class, say "yes"when asked to serve on a committee,

should be flexibility to this plan. It is just as bad to prepare an interesting, worthwhile lesson for Family

overschedule as to underschedule. Plans should be Home Evening, get acquainted with yourself, and

expandable and retractable. Every hour must have a enjoy each waking moment.

leeway. Balance the time spent in work and the time

spent in play. If you have a plan, you are less likely to IT'S A PICNIC

squander valuable minutes. I can remember a grandfather saying, "When you work, work with all your There are dozens of different kinds of picnics, and

mind and strength, and when you rest, let down, lean if you are one of those people who say, "Picnics are back, and completely relax."It is good to use physical for the ants,"be openminded and experiment with

and mental energy, and it is also good to drift and one of these picnics planned especially for you and relax. Be mature enough to know what you want to see what fun you can have.

accomplish, set your goal, then work out a plan to reach that end. Pickup-onthc-ivay Picnic

No matter how carefully and thoughtfully a plan is made, it cannot always be carried out. Life is full Start from home with the family tucked away in

of unexpected problems and emergencies. Plans should the car; have joy in your hearts and paper napkins,

be made to be canceled to fit the day and its doings. cups, and a good cutting knife in a box. Decide on

Tomorrow will take care of the necessities in the your destination: It could be high on a hill with a view,

plan, and the unessentials can be forgotten. It is a site by the ocean (Continued on following page)

JULY 1965 639 Time to Stretch xk cup minced parsley salt. Form into 16 patties. Refriger-

( Continued from preceding page ) 21 canscup butteredtomato soup,dry breadundilutedcrumbs theate untilpattiesleavingwithforSpanishpicnic. Brushsauce

or lake, or even a friend's back mixed with melted butter. Grill

lawn. First stop at a store and buy Cook the lima beans according to over glowing coals for about 4

a variety of breads, the fresher the directions on package until barely minutes, sauce side down. Then

better, some butter, cheese, and tender. Drain. Cook bacon until brush top side with sauce, turn the

milk. Next stop at a roadside stand crisp, remove from drippings, and hamburger over, and grill another

and let each one choose his favorite crumple. Cook onion, celery, car- 3 or 4 minutes. Serve on toasted

fruit. Then be on your way without rots, and parsley in bacon fat for onion rolls with extra sauce.

a care. You have the makings of a about 5 minutes, stirring. Drain and

delicious lunch or supper, no work, add to lima beans with half the Spanish Sauce just fun. bacon, the tomato soup, a little

water if needed, and seasoning to 1 cup catsup

Unpackand-serve Picnic taste. Turn into a greased casserole. Vz cup minced onions

Sprinkle with remaining bacon and 1 tablespoon brown sugar

Sometimes it is most convenient the buttered bread crumbs. Bake Vi cup vinegar

to prepare a good hot meal at home uncovered in a 350 degree F. oven 1 tablespoon prepared mustard

and carry it to some picnic spot to for 30 minutes. Remove from oven 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce

consume. No need to make a campand immediately cover with alumi- 1 teaspoon salt

fire for this meal. All the cooking num foil. Wrap in newspapers and 1 teaspoon celery seed

has been done at home. pack in box to take to picnic. V\ teaspoon oregano

* Spiced Corned Beef Spiced Cake with Baked Frosting Combine and simmer for 30 min- * Baked Lima Beans utes. Chill in covered bottle and

French Bread Mix a prepared packaged spice take to picnic.

Sliced Tomatoes Sprinkled with cake according to directions on the

Garlic Dressing box. Pour the batter into a greased, Roasted Corn

Carrot Sticks floured 9 by 12 inch pan. For the

*Cake with Baked Frosting icing, beat 2 egg whites until stiff Spread corn with butter and sprinand gradually add 1 cup sifted kle with salt and pepper. Wrap

Spiced Corned Beef brown sugar. Beat until mixture each ear securely in aluminum foil.

(6 to 8 servings) forms in peaks, spread over the unRoast for about 20 minutes over hot cooked batter, and sprinkle with coals, turning while roasting.

4 pounds corned beef Vz cup finely chopped nuts. Bake at

Water to cover 350 degrees F. for about 30 minPatio Picnic

1 medium onion, quartered utes. Cool and take to picnic in pan.

2 stalks celery, cut in half There comes a time, on a beautiful

Vz orange, sliced Cookon-thesite Picnic evening, when you want to enterVi teaspoon oregano tain special friends. For an enjoy-

V teaspoon rosemary At heart almost everyone is a Boy able time and a delicious dinner try 1 teaspoon dill seed Scout, and although not many of us this patio picnic.

1 bay leaf rub two sticks together to make a 6 whole cloves fire, we do like to build a fire to Garden Soup 1 stick cinnamon cook over outof-doors. Try this Cold Roast Turkey Rice Pilaff

2 cloves garlic simple but delectable menu. Tossed Green Salad

* Picnic Bread Cover the corned beef with water. * Grilled Hamburgers with Spanish Iced Melon

Add remaining ingredients. Cover Sauce on Onion Rolls

tightly and simmer about 4 hours or Hot Tomato Soup in Mugs Garden Soap (8 to 10 servings) until tender. A general rule is to * Roasted Corn

allow about 1 hour cooking time Toasted Marshmallows 1 cup water per pound of meat. Chill in the 2 packages frozen peas

cooking liquid. Wrap the corned Grilled Hamburgers with Spanish 2 cups finely chopped raw potato

beef in foil and carry to the picnic Sauce (8 servings) 2 cups finely chopped onion site. Be sure you remember to bring 2 cups boiling water

a sharp knife. 4 pounds ground beef 6 chicken bouillon cubes

3 eggs */4 teaspoon celery salt

Baked Lima Beans (8 servings) Spanish sauce (see recipe below) V teaspoon curry powder 1 teaspoon salt IV2 cups dairy sour cream 2 packages frozen baby lima 1 mediumsized onion, minced V2 cup dairy sour cream for top beans V4 cup melted butter Parsley 10 bacon slices Onion rolls. Vz cup finely chopped onion In a large saucepan cook the peas,

Vz cup finely chopped celery Mix lightly the ground beef, eggs, potatoes, and onion in 1 cup boiling

V2 cup grated carrots onion, V4 cup Spanish sauce, and water until tender. Meanwhile in a

640 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA BLACK & WHITE

mixing bowl combine 2 cups boil- 4 cups flour, approximately ing water, bouillon cubes, celery xk cup melted butter "I LIYI9 8 exposure roll

In a blender, pureesalt, and curry.

undrained, vegetables cooked until Dissolve the yeast in the V\ cup DEVELOPED & PRINTED smooth; blend into bouillon and warm water. Mix all other inIN JUMBO SIZE

chill. Just before serving fold sour gredients together, add the dis12 exposures 504 20 exposures $1.00

cream into the bouillon mixture. solved yeast and mix well, knead 36 exposures $1.50

Top with small dollops of sour until smooth and elastic, place in acream and a sprig of parsley. buttered bowl, and let rise in warm COLOR FILM

place until double in bulk, about DEVELOPING 2 hours. Divide the dough into

or fourthsPicnic Bread thirds form KODACOLOR and

Roll into 8-Exposure r pe in small balls. a small Place each Printing Dev. and roll $2.55

1 package dry yeast buttered pie plate. Flatten the 12Exposure Roll per

V4, cup lukewarm water dough with hand. Cover and let Dev. and Printing $3.00 ro ||

1 cup warm water rise again until double in bulk, Color Reprints 204 each

Vi hour. cup for 15 mindry whole milk about one Bake

x/4 F. utes in COLORColor Slides SLIDES per cup honey oven. degree a 400 Re135 mm

exp., Dev. 20. and roll Mount..35.$1 F. 2 to eggs, well beaten duce heat 350 degrees and

Color Slides 1 35 mm per salt until 1 teaspoon sounds hollow bread bake exp., Dev. 36.. and roll Mount. $2.40

1 teaspoon nutmeg when tapped. Remove from pans Color Movie pe r

Vi teaspoon ground ginger and grease the tops lightly with 8 mm, 25'Roll $1.35 roll

2- teaspoons celery seed butter. This bread is good served

2 teaspoons caraway seed cold as well as hot. GENEALOGY PHOTOS

NEGATIVES MADE of OLD PHOTOS, 604 each. PRINTS

of NEGATIVE, 54 each m= Send coin only—no C.O.D.'s

MoneyBack Guarantee rc-%2 SAM'SP.O. Box 1 1 1 5 Dept.PHOTOAA Salt Lake City,LABUtah V* '*'A l

Your kitchen stays cleaner when you frW? Jf///o\s

HOME, SWEET HOME Does your throat choke closed it glowed. I know that when I amwhen you want to say, "I love you,"a little old lady I will still rememELECTRIC

to your husband or to one of your ber the look in my mother's eyes Nothing is cleaner children? Do the words lie in your that night."heart unable to rise and be heard? Too many of us wait until it is than a kilowatt—no

All you need is practice. When you too late to express our feelings for products of combusit doesn't those some heart, feelings we love. To in thesehave your

these but should words come easy, in your mind, formedlet words be tion - *cX then relax and look the person in and can be said. Practise. Begin

the eye and say, "I love you,"A the Family Home Evening somelight will come to his eyes you time with the words, "I can never have never seen before. be grateful enough for the privi-

A short time ago a fourteenyear- lege of being your mother. I love

old girl wrote a letter to a woman each one of you very much."Then

she had heard speak. In this letter soon afterwards express your feelshe said, "After what you said last ings to each child individually, and

night, on the way home, I did before you know it the words will something I had never done before. come easy, and you will be surSee the smart new

will often prised hear I you how into mother's eyes looked my these to you. words them say said, 'I new electric range models the love A you; and you are

best mother in the whole world.'feeling of love will be born in your at your dealer's now.

You should have seen her facehome. FBP

If it's electric, it's better!

UTAH POWER ft LIGHT COMPANY

JULY 1965 641 ATLAS delivers more pulpfree juice or your money back!

We'll refund purchase price if the Atlas

Juicer doesn't get more pulpfree juice per pound than any other juicer. Is Your Yard Safe for Children?

Stainless steel blade, basket and bowl.

shaftElectronically balanced heavyduty use, to assemble,and bearings. Easy and BY BLANCHE CAMPBELL

clean.A written Lifetime Guarantee to the If you want your children to stay every yard is well worth your time

original purchaser. in their own back yard, give them in sanitation, as well as cutting

for booklets, "Vital Write today FREE accidents. to equipment enough keep them down of Living."Foods"and "Joy

of sprays, disinfectants, of course, occupied. Beware and And "Princess"Atlas Juicer also happy Economy

available. top quality... less than this means the right kind of play insecticides, or any other chemical

$100. equipment, where a child can have compound you may have around

fun without danger of injuring himyour home. They can kill a child.

JUICE MASTER MFG. CO. self or a companion. A little time Every year a number of small chilDept. IE765, 604 W. Muller Rd., E. Peoria, III. 61611 and effort on the part of parents dren lose their lives in this way.

will assure your family a safe yard, And the pity of it all is that it could where the children can play in conhave been avoided if some growntentment and will eliminate Mothup hadn't carelessly left chemicals er's worry. sitting around. Keep all poisonous

AUTO DECALS noFirstdangerousof all, makemachinerysure therearoundis chemicalsand keep thelockedkey inouta ofsafechilden'splace,

Identify yourself in your community the yard for small children to get reach.

as you travel. hurt on. Even a necessary tool like For safety's sake also keep paints,

GOLD & GREEN the power mower is nothing but sprays, cleaners, and other inflamAvailable at Church Bookstores an accident hazard if small children mable materials in a locked cabinet or send check/money order to play where they can get to it. Chilaway from the children.

LUCILE'S CERAMICS dren always find the forbidden If you want to keep your children

P.O. Box "P"Provo, Utah fascinating, and for that reason at home and happily occupied, give

50c each postpaid Bishops, Presidents, etc. alone they shouldn't be left around them the back yard and let them Quorum

Write for quantity discounts any kind of machinery that could turn it into a play center. After all,

result in crippling for life or prove you can have a lovely green lawn fatal. Nowhere is that old saying when the children are grown up

more applicable, that it is so much and away from home. Let them use

LDSS FASHIONCONSULTANTS betterAnd towhenbe safeyouthanputsorry.away that thecroquetyardtournaments.for their ballLetgamesthem feeland

WANTED IN ALL STAKES mower, make sure to drain off the free to invite their friends to join

Lingerie with gas and store the starter rope on them in games and fun.

/ sleeves, display- a high hook. Too many accidents This does not mean that you

ing the elegance occur by not taking these preshould let your children adopt a of modesty. cautions. course of wanton destruction. But

Call or write: After all machinery has been reyou should not fuss if a branch or

2511 South West Temple moved from the yard, stored out of plant gets accidentally stepped on

Salt Lake City, Utah 4862359 reach of small hands, make a careor broken. Growing things in the

ful inspection of the yard, making yard will give you a chance to sure it is free of sharp, cutting obteach the child to protect and care

THE BEST jects such as broken glass, nails, for them.

Pianos & Organs for Church or Home. bits of tin, scrap lumber, or rocks. Play equipment should consist

official piano Knabe—

Allen Organs Opera.—withof Metropolitansolid state Regularof the trashrakingthatandaccumulateshauling awayin bars.of swings,All of athemsandbox,may beandboughtrings orin circuit.

SUMMERHAYS MUSIC 3719 S. State, Salt Lake City, Utah

Phone 2621061

642 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA a varying price range. Or if Daddy

is handy with tools he generally can make this play equipment at quite a savings. Regardless of whether

it is purchased or homemade, al] play equipment should be checked regularly to be sure that it is in a safe condition to turn over to children for play.

The child that is happy playing at home will not be tempted to stray away from home, outside his own back yard. With your own

back yard the center of neighborhood fun, you'll have the youngsters right where you know what they are doing. And it follows that

if the children have more fun at home when they are little, they will continue to do so as they glow older.

Playing at home with a few of the neighborhood children for company will keep children off busystreets where risks of accidents inDESERET FEDERAL crease by the day. It will give

Mother an opporunity to know herchildren's friends. Even unhappy OUTSTANDING!

disputes can be resolved more easily if Mother knows what the Outstanding Record of Safety!

quarrel was about at the time it Deseret Federal has the reputation of being one of America's safest occurred. savings institutions. Each account is insured to $10,000 by a permanent agency of the U. S. Government. And further insured by Deseret

Federal's own reserves of $2,300,000.00.

Outstanding Record of Earnings!

LAMENT FOR TWO TRUMPETS Over 14,000 savers now enjoy the highest earnings commensurate

BY ELIZABETH SHAFER with safety, currently a big 4V2%.

Alan, eleven, is learning the trumOutstanding Friendly Service!

pet. Deseret Federal has an enviable reputation for friendly, helpful

( Some say it takes two years just service. Convenient, too: Longer office hours, handy downtown locato learn how to blow.) tions, saveby-mail. Extras make the difference!

As if that weren't enough, there's a hoy in the next street Who is learning to play the trumpet also.

And so every day after school is let out You can tell the exact time without seeking the clock,

For the shrieks and the squeals are dreadful to hear From Alan, eleven, and the boy SAVINGS AND LOAN ASSOCIATION down the block. 44 SO. MAIN, SALT LAKE 95 NORTH UNIVERSITY, PROVO

We listen, we cower, we wait for BOARD OF DIRECTORS the end As each youngster begins—to the JOSEPHChairman E. KJAR ContractorMARK B. GARFFand Builder

neighbors'regretGEORGE M. CANNON T. WM. COCKAYNE

To practise his trumpet, try to outAttorney VicePresident and Director play the other CLARENCE H. TINGEY UtahIdaho Sugar Co.

In a desperate, duelit-yourself President HUGH B. BROWN

duet! First Presidency L.D.S. Church

JULY 1965 643.

Two High National Honors

David M. Kennedy

David M. Kennedy, chairman of the board, Continental Illinois National Bank and Trust Company of Chicago, was honored as "1965

Marketing Man of the Year"by the 800member Chicago chapter of the American Marketing Association in January.

Elder Kennedy, a native of Randolph, Utah, received his education at Weber State College, Ogden, as well as at universities in the East.

As a young man he filled a mission in Great Britain, where he was

Prices president of the Liverpool District. He has served the Church as a

are LOW counselor in the branch at Washington, DC, and then as a counselor in Idaho and bishop in the Capitol Ward, Washington Stake. In Chicago he

served as a member of the high council and is a former first counselor all L.D.S. include styles 50 Some temple in the Chicago Stake presidency. He is a member of the board of

parchments. in and latest white designs

Matching Mormon albums, napkins, other trustees of the Nauvoo Restoration, Inc.

accessories. One day rush order service. His life's work has been in banking, on both government and private

levels. He and his wife, Lenora Bingham Kennedy, are the parents

of four daughters. The "Marketing Man of the Year"citation came

at the seventh annual award dinner of the Chicago chapter of the

Send 25c for catalog & samples, refunded on first order. (50c if air mail desired.) American Marketing Association. Nominees for the award must be

REXCRAFT, Rexburg, Idaho 83440 members of senior management whose function includes the formulation

Name - of marketing policy.

Address. Members of the association are men and women professionals in the

City, Zone, State fields of marketing management, finance, marketing research, advertising, sales, and education.

NEW WITNESS FOR BOOK OF MORMON the Americas"Walked "He Rosel H. Hyde a CaliHansen, L. Taylor author,The

"Staunch adherence to... principles... and your willingness to of in archeologist, 25 yearsfornia

research among the Indian tribes, give so generously of your abilities and... energies, often at the cost

has found legends proving that of personal sacrifice, to carry out your obligations of office"was the nearly all have accounts of a expression of honor for which Rosel H. Hyde of the sevenmember

"prophet"who builtbearded white as Federal Communications Commission was awarded the annual Gold similar precepts taughttemples,

Jesus Christ; organized twelve disMedal at the International Radio and Television Society's twentyfifth

ciples and performed mighty miranniversary on March 10, 1965, at the WaldorfAstoria in New York.

acles. Others having received the medal are Leonard H. Goldenson (1964),

In keeping with the account, only president of ABC and Paramount Theaters; Bob Hope (1963); Dr. Frank

a type large and of material,best Stanton (1962), president of CBS; and John F. Kennedy and Richard in usedlifetime been binding have

this Deluxe edition. M. Nixon for their preelection radiotelevision debates in 1960.

S6.95Moil sent to any inaddress.check orIf M.O.you orderond a ancopyextrawillcopybe At the IRTS presentation Mr. Hyde was introduced as one whose

add $6.25. for a missionary, understanding of broadcasting and the inner workings of FCC is "unpay Sales Tax) (Utah residents

R. W. X. Smith, Distributor matched"and whose record on the commission is "outstanding."Broad302 Vidas Ave., Salt Lake City 84115 castingTelecasting described the period he headed FCC (195354):

ALSO SOLD AT MOST BOOKSTORES "There has been smoother sailing with more accomplished than at any

BONUS BOOK other equivalent period within recollection."Mr. Hyde urges more

public examination of the type of broadcast programs offered and

Ed. Jr. OF BOOK MORMON STUDY GUIDE, suggests discontented viewers call their local stations to ask for what

o 'FREE Eldirt $1.50 Ricks by

with the purchase of any one of the foil Dwing: they want.

Commissioner Hyde was born April 12, 1900, in Bannock County, ONE FOLD AND ONE SHEPHERD by Thomas Stuart Ferguson...$4.95 Idaho, and schooled in Idaho and Utah. He completed his law course

at George Washington University in 1929. He married the former

CREATIVE FAMILY LIVING by Beverly Romney Cutler, cloth $1.95 Mary Henderson of Arimo, Idaho. They are members of Chevy Chase

Ward near the nation's capital. They have three sons and a daughter.

OLYMPUS PUBLISHING CO.

Box 6137, Sugar House Station Salt Lake City, Utah 84106

644 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Preserve the Inspiration of Since Cumorah (Continued from page 617) The Improvement E star."13 Speaking of the star of In Beautifully Bound Volumes

Bethlehem, an early Apocryphon says "it was in the form of a star"finest Mountain West's bindery andthat Michael guided the to The magi printing to is prepared house bind your

Christ. 14 After of long ages darkcollected into Era's fine Improvement

ness, says the Testament of Judah, hard cover volumes. Mail or bring the

"shall a star rise to you from Jacob editions you wish bound to the Deseret in peace, and a man shall arise News Press.

like the sun of righteousness, and 12 issues in hard cover $3.90. Advance

the heavens shall be opened to payment must accompany all orders him."15 Or, as the Testament of Please include postage if volumes are

Levi puts it, "Then shall the Lord to be returned by mail.

raise up a new priest;... His Star POSTAGE RATE FROM SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

shall rise in heaven as of a king... Zone 5 1.05

and the heavens shall be opened; I 1 & 2 65 6 1.20

will bring light to the Gentiles."16 43 8575 78....1.401.60

"The stars shone in their watches and were glad,"says 71 Baruch, speaking as stars. of God's ministers

shone"They with gladness unto DESERETfEWS> FR him that made them,"and gladly responded when he summoned them. 17 In the Battle Scroll the 1600 Empire Road—33 Richards Street

deliverer in war is called "the Star Salt Lake City, Utah from Jacob,"ls and in the Zadokite

Fragment the leader of the sect in

its wanderings is called simply "The GREAT A CHURCH LIBRARY 19Star."can be assembled by "binding"regularly your copies of

of the The author Clementine Recognitions resents the pirating of THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

They can be conveniently and inexpensively "bound"as you receiveChristian ideas by the Zoroastrians, them in an Era Improvement binder.

who call their prophet "the Living Beautifully and strongly constructed with handsome heavy red FabriStar."20 In one of the early Apoccoid cover. Stamped in gold and large enough to hold 12 issues of

rypha, Mary says to the Apostles, more than 1,000 pages, plus an index.

der stars."- 1 is"Ye are shining this All now from

is Price only $2.50 Theimagery to having nothing Improvement with do Era and a index is 1964 included

star worship: the early Christians FREE! Such a binder is a MUST for

avoided the pitfalls of astrology everyable forwardeverylibraryhome,and most desir79 So. State St., Salt Lake City, Utah 84111

into which the later churchmen fell when they abolished fleshand- blood prophets and depersonalized YOU CAN RENT IT!

ITEMSSICK ROOMGod, leaving the heavenly bodies as PARTY WHEAT MILL CONSTRUCTION the only means of communication ONLY

is 2 It earth.-between heaven and RENTS $695 HOWE asimply conventional imagery, and POSTPAID SALES RENTALS AND ANYWHEREthe is point to notice idea the that [ IN THE SALT LAKE CITY BOUNTIFUL STATES UNITED spiritschosen which to come down South State 2375 4860055 640 So. 500 West

minister to men upon the earth are INRENONEVADARENTS - 1490 East 2nd - Reno,FA Nevada20684 Crackswheat, orcorngrindsand conceived as circulating stars. This or kindssoft grains,of hard

is the image behind the concept of Need a good building fund proiect? Vi lbs. per min.

the Seven Wise Men, 23 but the 90 minuteSKIING16 mm.AMERICAcolor movie GUARANTEED

explicit situation depicted in Lehi's personallyHilarious—exciting—actionnarrated by SverrepackedEngen SPECIAL PRICES TO LDS GROUPS

WHOLESOME ENTERTAINMENT FOR THE

ENTIRE FAMILY For details write Sverre Engen Ski Films PEHRS0N HARDWARE. O. Box 1212, Jackson Hole, Wyoming 83001 21 15 So. 1 lth East, Salj Lake City

JULY 1965 645 is that peculiar to the early and the Book of Mormon. mi vision

Wedding fc4p&;j illi M Apocrypha.We have mentioned the Way of an"Theseinstancearrayedis thein imagewhite."ofSuchthe Announcemen tslffS

Light and the Way of Darkness as white garment, specifically, the an expression of man's life as a time "three men in white."Recently Pro-

H—/f/f0*41/442>/ of probation. The contrast of light fessor E. Goodenough has pointed

PRINTERS - V and dark is, as is well known by out that the earliest known Jewish

Creators of Fine Wedding Stationery B 'now, an obsession with the writers art represents "their great heroes of the Dead Sea Scrolls, but no... in white garments to symbolize

.. nature. their 'luminous'so writers. Another of the than with the more

crafted quality V of striking great the element since the Book 24 But Mormon.... is two day service V

save up to 50% 1 contrast is a perfectly natural one prominence of groups of three figand exceedingly common in reliures, usually in this dress.... the

155 North 100 East 1 (or lllustratsd Send 25* 1 Provo, Utah 1 gious literature, a more particular choice of three was arbitrary, and Catalog Actual and Samples Dept.

Refunded with order "Home of BYU"1 instance is in order to> point up the the total number of scenes which common idiom of the Apocrypha represent a group of three seems tm MORE SCRUBBING means Big Money for ".X

> your Club or Church.,,./

Amazing new formula spray Starch prevents dirt, grease, penetrating etc. from stains, bleach. EVERYTHING TOUCHES fabric. detergent, Saves

wrinironing, prevents Speeds... sold EVERYTHING starches kles. Better than

in stores or money back! Try it.

You'll want friends to have it...they'll never want to be without it! RICHARD L. EVANS

First in the Sierra, wrote Summer Muir a century Nearly ago John My STARCHWrite for profitable-O- RENEdetails: Sierra landnature, of great expanse he the looking at in said: "No which,

scape that I have seen holds anything truly dead or dull, or any trace of what... is called rubbish or waste; everything is perfectly clean and

2-WAY RADIO FOR EVERYONE pure and full of divine lessons. This... interest attaching to everything

Sports, Business, Home and Pleasure... the hand of God becomes visible; then it seems reasonable that what

try to interest pick out anything well may S. Lines U. us. When we Him several of Radios, interests We have

it in 1 This else universe."the to everything hitched by itself, Test we find Equipment Antennas, and

for installation and service. sentence deserves second consideration: "When we try to pick out anyVery Small WalkieTalkie "$79.95 Pair."thing by itself, we find it hitched to everything else in the universe."

infinite of universe, the of an oneness evidence of the There is awesome

Call or Write for License Required. No purpose. his eternal plan and Intelligence and Administrator, and of God Literature Free or Demonstration.

In a sense, nothing is insignificant. No person, no pattern is unimporAIRWAY DISTRIBUTORS tant; no act is inconsequential; no word, no thought fails to be recorded,

4861048 2983641 2666158 no prayer unheard; no need unnoticed. When we pluck up any flower, its

3167 South 7th East Salt Lake City roots are attached to all the earth, as is every rock that is cracked away from every crevice. All the glory and the beauty of the spring, the growth

of a seed, the harvest, the miracle of birth, of the body's healing and renewing itself—all this and infinitely more adds its assurance of divine

plan and purpose. All this gives faith and hope and peace, and overshadows sorrow and dissension, wars and wickedness, selfishness and

deceit. And the meaning of it all is that we may become more like him

JEWELRY CO. who made us in his own image, with possibilities that are limitless and

4 2 W E S T 2 N D. S O U T H DA 2-1039 everlasting as we search for truth, with courage to accept it when we

SALT LAKE CITY 1, UTAH find it. God our Father seeks only our salvation, as the hearts of fathers

turn to their children and children to their fathers and learn of this oneINTERMOUNTAIN'S LARGEST DIAMOND DEALER ness and worth. God help us to find our oneness with him and with one

another, with the peace that comes with repentance and the assurance that comes with being part of his great purpose "... to bring to pass the

immortality and eternal life of man."2 "When we try to pick out anything

IN USE for SEVENTYFIVE YEARS by itself, we find it hitched to everything else in the universe."

Aids in treatment of Canker, simple

TJohn Muir, Mi) First Summer in the Sierra.

sore throat and other minor mouth -'Moses 1:39.

and throat irritations. "The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia

HALLS REMEDY Broadcasting System, May 16, 1965. Copyright 1965.

Salt Lake City, Utah

646 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA SUMMER TIME IS TRAVELING TIME quite beyond coincidence.... Philo Plan your Murdock Travel Tour... or Individual Travel..: NOW!

himself made the vision of the

HERE ARE MURDOCK'S HIGH QUALITY, LOW COST TOURS:

'three men'into a vision of the es25 5. Passion Play July 10. Mt. Tour. Rushmore 1. Mexico Romance &sential nature of God."

'14 Bus <** World's Au Pageant Cumorah & constantly 2. is a The "three men"8. Sept. 6- Europe. Autumn 24. >- m Bus). July Fair (by

recurring motive in the Apocrypha, 3. Cumorah Pageant & World's 7 - Around the World. Sept. 10.

and Cyrus Gordon has commented Fair (by Air). July 29. 8. Hawaii. Sept. 11.

on the peculiar preoccupation of 4. Glacier(by Bus).ParkAug.& Lake7. Louise 10.9- Mexico.Holy LandNov.& Middle27. East. Oct. 7.

the early Hebrew epic with "triads of offices,"celestial and earthly. 26

INC. TRAVEL, MURDOCKEnoch is conducted to heaven by

14 Street, Salt So. Main

"three who were clothed in white,"27 Phone 3283161 Lake City, Utah and in Jubilees when the Lord deGentlemen: Please send me information regarding the above numscends to see the tower he is acbered tour(s). 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10

as in otherscompanied two by Genesis 18. 2S the In newly found MURDOCK AddressName

Sayings that learn the of Moses we City State Zip @TRAVEL Era July '65 delivered not Moses wasLaw by alone but by Moses and his two counselors, Eleazar and Joshua. 29

When we read in the Manual of Discipline that "God through His

Anointed One, has made us to HAVE MORE TIME FOR know His holy Spirit,"we are plainYOUR CHILDREN WHEN ly dealing with three who speak YOU STUDY AT.

to man. 30 According to the Mandaean doctrine three celestial beHOME.

ings assisted at the creation and visitedoccasionally the earth;

these Please send not thewere however, Godhead, but three messengers who later Free lived the earth as prophets. upon 31 HOME STUDY has Book a good The of Mormon

deal to say about messengers in Catalog to...

white. Lehi's desert vision opens

NAME with "a man, and he was dressed in a white robe,"who becomes his ADDRESS.

guide. (1 Nephi 8:5.) He is shown

"twelve ministers.... their garCITY....

ments... made white..."(ibid.,

12:10), followed by three generaSTATE.

'Young University, -... i HOME STUDY, Brighamtions of men whose "garments were

Provo, Utah O. A. BATT4STA

white, even like unto the Lamb of

God."(Ibid., 12:11.) Soon after,

Nephi also in a vision "beheld a man, and he was dressed in a white IT'S SUMMER FUN TIME RETURNED MISSIONARIES robe,"this being John who was to and also time to make money for that deor Boy Scout Stake, Mutual pleted Ward, (Ibid.,come. 14:19.)

(for supplies the have Chest. We

"... SPECIAL need. Sno for every sale) your there can rent or no man be saved,"Treasure

... Popcorn... BeverPRICESsays Alma, "except his garments are agesKones......Cups.Candy

washed white...."(Alma 5:21.) WRITE or CALL CREDIT TERMS

He tells how the ancient priesthood THEATRE CANDY

CO."were called after this holy order, MMI r—I DISTRIBUTING1 232 South State On Your Diamond From

and were sanctified, and their gar- *B Salt Lake City, Utah PHONE 3643669 DAYNES JEWELRY CO.

Your Concession Supply Headquarters 128 So. Main—Utah's First Jewelers V

JULY 1965 647 ments were washed white through "All things have their opposites, good the names of father and son.

( 1964),the blood of the lamb. andand measurebad: it isofthethegoodbad, whichand viceis theversa,"foil p. "See974. The Improvement Era, 67

"Now they... [have] their garaccording to Sefer Yeshira, VI, 2f; cf. "The formula appears no less than ten

ments made white, being pure and aZohar,doubleI, 23:inclination"If God tohadgoodnot givenand bad,men timescordancein G.to theReynolds,Book ofAMormonComplete(1957),Conspotless before God...."(Ibid., he would be capable neither of virtue nor p. 563.

of vice, but as it is he is endowed with a '"Discussed at length in the source 13:1112.) But the most moving capacity for both."Early Christian writreferred to above, note 1. Speaking of

and significant passage is his formal ings carry on the tradition; see H. Nibley, the Battle Scroll, Y. Yadin writes: "Its

is to give purpose the Prophets, to the main courage The World and pp. 168is also ofprayer for the city of Gideon: 170; to despair the Sons familiar from Light—liable which because

"... may the Lord bless you, and Classical writers, e.g., Cicero, De officiis, of their defeats—by telling them that this

I, 32, 118; Hesiod, Works and Days, sequence of defeats and victories has

keep your garments spotless, that 273ff. been determined from time immemorial";

Y. ''"O great plan Yadin, the the the of our God!"The how of Scroll of Warye may at last be brought to sit

".. all for against. prepared the Sons Sons (2 DarkNephi 9:13) of Light of

down with Abraham, Isaac, and men from the foundation of the world,..."ness (Oxford University Press, 1962),

Jacob, and the holy prophets... (1 Nephi 10:18.) It is "the great and p. 8.

eternal plan of deliverance from death""7 Enoch, 86:3.

having your garments spotless even (2 Nephi 11:5; cf. Alma 12:24, 13:29f), 12Lucifer who fell "like a star from

as their garments are spotless, in opposed by the counterplan of the devil, heaven"is the bestknown example. But

"that cunning plan of the evil one!"(2 the most fully documented identification

the kingdom of heaven to go no Nephi 9:28.) For the Jewish parallels, of fallen angels with fallen stars is in

more out."(Ibid., 7:25.) see A. Aalen, Die Begriffe "Licht'und the ancient tradition of the Watchers,

'Finsterniss'im AT, im Spatjudentum with their cult of the Morning Star;

Here Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob und im Rabbinismus, ( VidenskapsAkad. Thalabi, Qissas alAnbiyah ( 1340 A.

kl., II, -Phil, Hist. II. ed. of For the background 1951, No. 1.) ), pp. 3537.are the "three men in white."32 Oslo,

tradition, familiar that G. Widengren, time "the in S. H. 5At Two Ways this

FOOTNOTES weredarknessno longerlying thebeforewaysIsraelof lightor andthe Hookeford, 1958),(ed. ), pp.Ritual176f.andAmongKingshipthe Maya(Ox-

:This was the theme of the second Church, but the Way of the Church it- "Venus, as morning star, was feared as

annual faculty lecture, given by the self... versus the way of the Opposition, bringing death, famine, and destruction

writer at Brigham Young University on whoever they might be,"H. Nibley, in to man"; E. Bacon, in S. Piggott (ed.),

March 17, 1965, under the title of The Church History, 30 (1961), p. 15. Vanished Civilizations (New York:

Expanding Gospel, now in the process of "E.g., in The Improvement Era, 51 McGrawHill, 1963), p. 163.

publication at the BYU Press. (April, 1948), pp. 202ff; 53 (Jan. to Oct. '"Ignatius, Ep. ad Ephes., c. 19.

"Almost always makhshavah can be 1950), pp. 14ff; 5657 (Nov. 1953 to uBook of the Mysteries of Heaven and

rendered "plan"in Isaiah and Jeremiah July 1954), pp. 830ff; 64 (Feb. 1961), Earth, fob 17, in Patrologia Orientalis,

e.g.: Isa. 55:8, 9; 59:7; 65:2; 66:18; pp. 87ff. 1, 28.

Jer. 6:19; 18:12; 29:11; 11:19; 18:18; 7H. Nibley, Lehi in the Desert (Salt Testament of Judah, 24:1.

49:20, 30; 50:4-5; and in some cases it Lake City, 1952), pp. 17f. Reaching for Testament of Levi, 18:2-3.

definitely should be: Jer. 29:11; 51:29; a ready Egyptian text for illustration, "Book of Baruch, 3:34.

cf. Ps. 33:11; Prov. 19:21; 20:18; 2 Sam. we picked up the wellknown Story of the Battle Scroll (Milhama), xi, 6.

14:14; Mic. 4:12. Shipwrecked Sailor, which closes with 'Damascus Covenant (Zadokite Frag-

;i"There are two roads, one wide and the words, "Complete from beginning to ment), 7 (19), 18f. A number of other

one narrow,"leading to two gates, where end as found in the books of the able such instances in the Jewish Apocrypha

Adam sits to welcome his children into [lit. "excellent of fingers"] scribe Amoni, are cited by C. Rabin, The Zadokite

eternity, according to the Testament of son of Amon'ah...."Though this coloDocuments (Oxford, 1954), p. 30.

Abraham, cited by K. Kohler, in Jewish phon is not typical, it is interesting be- '-'Clementine Recognitions, IV, 38; for

Quarterly Review, 7 (1895), pp. 585f. cause of the Book of Mormon flavor of other references see note 10 in Migne,

Patrologia Graeca, I, 1327.

2LGospel of Bartholomew, in M. R.

UNBURDENED James,(1953), Thep. 171.Neiv Testament Apocrypha

BY EVA WU.LES WANGSGAARD "Clement of Alexandria, in Patrologia

Graeca, 8:96.

(The story is told that one young woman of a handcart '"'Barkowski, in PaulyWissowa, Realcompany was so astonished to see the size and possibilities enzyklopadie des Altertumswissen, IIA, of the new Salt Lake City, which suggested a popidation 2247.

large enough to give a young and willing woman employ- "'See Reynolds', op. cit., under "light"

ment sufficient to make her own way, that she pushed her and "darkness"; in one verse, Alma 19:6,

cart off the cliff and strode ahead.) the word "light"occurs six times.

"5E. Goodenough, Jewish Symbolism in

She climbed a cliff to gain a better view, the GrecoRoman Period (New York:

I, 2-527. Series, Bollingen 1953), young. beautiful and woman Mormon A 2flC. the Bible Before Gordon, (New

her, stragglers handcart were Behind strung. York: Row, Harper 1962), pp. 16f. &

On either side the Wasatch Mountains drew "''Secrets of Enoch, iii.

A cordon of mauve shadowforms that grew -*Jubilees, 10:23.

I, llf. -'Sayings of Moses, purple depths fir trees clung where solemn To

""A. Sea DupontSommer, The Dead

slopes. in among To rocky woven And Scrolls York: Macmillan, 1952), (New

Tall, whitebarked trees, a silver stream shone through. p. 65.

31G. Widengren, in J. Leipoldt (ed.),

Her spirits, crushed beneath the tragedy Religionsgeschichte des Orients... (LeiBrill, E. 86. Tha'labi, p. 1961), J. with weeks hunger, cold, and death, den: Of snowbound

cit., op. 35. p.

lay below! like a bird. Rose A city cit., op. notes 3"Goodenough, I, 26,

She shoved her handcart off the cliff. Said she, the identity of the three men in whitethat

"I'll not be needing that."A quickcaught breath varies considerably, not being confined

And she strode on unhampered, eyes aglow. to any particular three.

648 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ERA OF YOUTH JULY 1965 MARION D. HANKS

Editor ELAINE CANNON Associate Editor

c E;,'1%AILING>ClOUDS0F

"Our birth is but a sleep and a forgetting:

The soul that rises with us, our life's star,

Hath had elsewhere its setting,

And cometh from afar, Not in entire forgetfulness, And not in utter nakedness, But trailing clouds of glory do we come

From God, who is our home:"

William Wordsworth, who wrote the above lines in "Ode on Intimations of Immortality,"had an almost prophetic view of man's meaning. He understood that our experience on this earth is one stage

of an eternal journey, not a trip complete in itself. Like the prophets, he knew that birth is not the beginning

of a person, nor is death the end. We came here "trailing clouds of glory... From God, who is our home,"

retaining only the dimmest occasional recollection of this earlier period of our existence. When we leave

here through the door called "death,"we go on to continued experience and opportunity. Only the body

is laid aside for a while, like a heavy coat we take off in the spring. We take it up again someday,

in God's good time, in the resurrection, when the body and spirit recombine as our eternal soul and we can begin to experience the "fulness of joy"which our Heavenly Father wants us to have.

"And the spirit and body are the soul of man."(D&G 88:15.)

"For man is spirit. The elements are eternal, and

spirit and element, inseparably connected, receive

a fulness of joy;"(Ibid., 93:33.)

These truths have been plainly taught by the prophets of God, and some of the poets have seemed to perceive them, also. Have you recently carefully read Eliza R. Snow's beautiful words to the hymn

"O My Father"?

"O my Father, thou that dwellest

In the high and glorious place!

When shall I regain thy presence,

And again behold thy face?

6SO THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

BY MARION D. HANKSGLOBg

In thy holy habitation, Did my spirit once reside;

In my first primeval childhood,

Was I nurtured near thy side?

"For a wise and glorious purpose

Thou has placed me here on earth,

And withheld the recollection Of my former friends and birth,

Yet ofttimes a secret something

Whispered, 'You're a stranger here';

And I felt that I had wandered

From a more exalted sphere.

"When I leave this frail existence,

When I lay this mortal by, Father, Mother, may I meet you

In your royal courts on high?

Then at length, when I've completed

All you sent me forth to do, With your mutual approbation Let me come and dwell with you."

The major quest of man is to learn for himself what is the "wise and glorious purpose"for which he is placed on the earth. Another poet helps direct us

"The whole purpose of the world seems to be to provide a

physical basis for the growth of the spirit."(Goethe.)

Our most vital need and major mission is not the satisfaction of our physical wants and aspirations but the development of our spirit for the important creative work of eternal life, here and hereafter.

JULY 1965 6S1 ERA OF YOUTH/TjUlLINGCLOUDScfFGLOEy,

DECISION

BY ELAINE It was hot. As Barbara sat in the lifeguard chair,

HARRIS she watched the swimmers, thinking how dull the day and how hot and bored she was. Nothing ever happens. All I do is sit in this lifeguard chair all day. Is

this what I want to do the rest of my life, she thought—sit and watch people swim?

She gazed intently at the swimmers, but her thoughts moved on. How exciting it would be to be

playing a vigorous game of tennis, she thought. Anything but this constant sitting. Then she heard an

airplane and thought that the life of an airline stewardess must be thrilling—high up in the blue sky,

away from the noise of these screaming kids. As she

thought about the possibility of another profession, she wondered seriously if she wanted to make swimming a career. It was summer after her senior year,

and she had been filling in as a lifeguard. Now she

wondered what she ought to do. Should she go to

college to become a physical education teacher? There

was always an opening for a physical education teacher.

On the other hand, modeling had a glamorous ring.

One of her teachers had told her that she would be good modeling material. How glamorous it would be

to parade before fashionconscious women, wearing beautiful clothes. She'd feel like a queen.

If not a model, then she could see herself as a nurse because she had always liked to help people, especially those who were sick or unfortunate.

Suddenly she was jolted from her reverie. A little

boy rushed to her crying, "I can't find Billy. He's lost.

He can't swim, but he said he was going out on the diving board anyway. And he fell off."

With a shrill blast of her whistle, Barbara stood up, trembling. Her voice was shaky as she shouted:

"Everybody out of the pool, quickly!"Then she

dived in and did the breaststroke along the bottom in the twelvefoot area searching for the little lost boy.

Groping, she felt the cold metal of the drain below

6S2 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA the diving board. dimly aware of the crowd of swimmers gathered

She thrashed about some more, eyes straining in around her, the low hum of questions, the tension the depths. Suddenly she felt his cold flesh. Instantly of their watching. Her tortured mind kept commandshe cupped her hand under his chin. Her lungs were ing her to breathe—breathe for Billy, breathe for him

hungry for air, and her legs were weak. She'd been until you collapse.

under too long herself. Twelve feet was a long way up. Miraculously Barbara sensed a change—the beginCould she make it? She had to—she held a life in her nings of a first feeble breath in the boy. Then she

hands. With a thrust of her legs, and a fervent prayer saw his chest rise and fall uncertainly. One breath,

in her heart, she headed upward. At last she felt the followed by another, but each irregular and struggling,

sun on her face and eagerly sucked air into her aching as if it would be the last! She watched, suspended

lungs. between fear and hope, willing each breath out of

Still gripping Billy's chin, she clamped her other the small body. She did not hear the wail of the

arm across his chest, quickly examining his face for ambulance and was startled at the two attendants who signs of life. She noticed the blue tinge on his lips. suddenly appeared by her side. She looked up grateWhat if he were dead! She wished she could make fully into their competent, professional faces. "He is

better time. She moved through the water slowly, breathing. He just began,"she said and swayed sudstraining with every stroke as she hauled the little denly back against the swimming pool fence.

boy. She was only half aware of the siren receding in

She was so tired—so very tired. Yet on she swam. the distance and listened without really understanding

Another stroke, then she closed her eyes and thought, to the excited conversation of the children who had

I just can't make it. But even as she thought this, she been in the pool. Billy's little friend was in the spotfelt her arm pulling through the water in its steady light—he was witness and authority. "But why did he

rhythm, as if under some power other than her own. jump off when he couldn't even swim?"someone

Billy was a little boy, but now he seemed very asked.

heavy. Reach. Pull. Another stroke. Then one more. "He only just went out on the board to see what

At last her hand reached the edge of the pool. She it was like. But then some big kid came up and

breathed deeply, then struggled to push Billy within wanted to dive, and he yelled at Billy to get off, and the grasp of the pool attendant. I guess it scared him, because he just kinda fell off.

"Call an ambulance. Bring some blankets."As she He never learned how to swim."

spoke she scrambled out of the pool to the lifeless boy's The story had to be repeated over and over for side. Tilting Billy's head back, she sealed her lips over everyone's benefit. One thing impressed itself on

his blue lips and breathed into his mouth. Again and Barbara's tired mind. "He never learned how to swim."

again she breathed for the inert boy. Through her confusion and mental exhaustion, she

Suddenly everything was whirling around, and she sensed clearly, calmly, the answer to her discontented felt herself swaying—dizzy from the deep breathing. questionings about her own future.

The boy had not responded. Was he... no, she To teach them how to swim, to teach them how to

would not think such a terrible thing. I can't breathe use the water for sports, to keep them safe—that's

for him much longer, she thought. Surely the ambuwhat she was meant to do. That's what she was going

lance will be here soon with the resuscitator. She was to do. And she would never doubt its value again.

JULY 1965 653 ERA OF YOU1H/TjUlLINGCLOUDSoFGLOEy,

Feeling on top of it Up in the cloudsWhile your feet are still on the ground!

Happy, happy cloud life And some ways to get there

Establish a going thing with a new friend

Cuddle a newborn baby

Resist a temptation

Shake hands with a General Authority

Earn your Eagle

Get THE phone call Feel safe with someone

:35fc Get your driver's license

Participate in an allchurch event

|Vcxe>a td&i

654 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

October 4, 1964 Dear Sue, I nearly f lippe d when I got your letter saying that you didn't go to camp this past summerreally! Don't you remember how we made all sorts of good friends from other wards at camp

our first year? But if you think that was fun, let me tell you about camp this yearit was the most!

Firstwe went to a new camp (new to us, that is) called Camp Liahonayes, it's owned by a church group as the name indicatesand it's up in the High Sierras. Next new thing was

that we went on Saturday and stayed a full week. You know, we had never camped over Sunday

before, and I didn't like the idea too much myself, but that was the way it was set up.

wind blowing through the tall pines. It was so peaceful and quiet just like Heavenly Father

made it. That afternoon at Sacrament meeting we had the same wonderful spiritand the talks

were really fitting for camp.

Fireside was fun toowith a real bonfire no less. We had a talk on the Indian legends

there was planning long before we got to camp.

Onday we Started our certification prngram with a hang!!! T rHrln't svati Viava time

breathe I We learned more in three days than most Boy Scouts learn in a year. You should have seen

Jack when I came home and lashed a tripod better and faster than he could! Not only that- "

he never even heard* of finding north by the sun. Did I feel good about knowing something

my big brother didn't know!

Ihur4ay-w-w.jg4---a-oup all -dayifce—adwfrB——4gea4 e rr if i o—

I felt like I was discovering new things at every turn of the trail. We had one counselor

with us who knew everything about plants and trees and moss and stuff like that. She showed

us things that were edible and what to stay away fromshe even made conservation and nature

'ij——We---jaaxa:-—'trfaye-e—e-o-o--make sense to me. rotas—drrrr*iTg—trire—wnengjte—axrti—tmtno—cyf—t-liem irerrg"ijroTrtt= a mea

We tried to cook shish kebab, but we got invaded by cannibal flies. We were glad that

was a noon cookout because we knew we would have good food for dinner. And speaking of food,

did we ever have good meals. We had the same cook we had our first year, only she outdid

herself. I gained five pounds.

"TtIT"5rT5tir camprire programs were terrific (you should have seen Jean and me doing that skit you and I used to doit brought the house down), but Friday night 's was best of all. We pretended

(ihritriiflc! Trg! W 1? had a trffff dQcorat inre contest (we used our big oolorsd

curlers and colored Kleenex to decorate our tree, and we won), carol singing, and Santa Claus even came (it was our priesthood representative) all dressed up with a bag of goodies for all of us. After we said our family prayers in our groups, we hung our stockings, and our

counselors put a little gift in each one. What a blast!

of all. Our camp director kept helping the Beehive girls think up pranks to play on

their counselors: she didn't think we knew she was helping. Thg junior Gnnnsfilnrs Trapt.

trying to pull a prank on her, but she was too cagey for them. One day they (jr. counselors)

put shaving cream on her Jello (everyone else had whipped cream), and she wouldn't eat it, but "The assistant camp director dicTi you should have seen the look on her face!

I saved the best for the last. As always we had a sunrise testimony meeting Saturday

frKe—hikA43<p--a- us had bo o-n- be f ore-* We c ould

look out over the whole valley and at all the other mountains for miles around. Our stake

president and one of his counselors came up the night before just so they could conduct the meeting. There were one hundred and fifty of us up there; we would have stayed until every

single girl had borne her testimony if they had let us. There was such a feeling of love

"p"%ha"yutQid"al—1 srert—alit—nrirstv—Inst remembering it

I hope I haven't rambled too much about one week out of the whole summer, but I feel like it

JsjHCjffhlg s!3mmeji=iL

my name on the list for camp for next year, and I hope you'll do the same, Sue. I've used

words to tell you about it, but my heart feels so much more that I can't put into words.

Give my love to your family.

friend, 4Ca4hy——Your

JULY 1965 655

Announcing:

Improvement for young members In cooperation with

OBJECTIVES:

To: ENCOURAGE writing by youth in the Church STRENGTHEN the quality of church writing PRODUCE wholesome, vital material written by youth for youth.

ELIGIBLE ENTRANTS:

High school seniors ( 196566) and collegeage ( under 25 years old on 1 January 1966

CATEGORIES:

SHORT STORY RESEARCHED ARTICLE ESSAY POETRY (All entries should be suitable for publication in the Era of Youth)

JUDGING: Judging will be done by college faculty members and the staff of The Era.

Era Youth Writing Competition of the Church Brigham Young University and Ricks College

RULES: Entries must be typewritten on white paper 8/2 x 11 inches, doublespaced, on one side of paper only.

Entries generally should not exceed 500 words in length, but longer entries up to 1,000 words will be considered for judging and publication if they are especially meritorious.

Entries must be designated by a pen name and must be accompanied with a sealed envelope containing: 1. The pen name.

2. The author's actual name, address, telephone number, ward and stake, title of entry,

and age of the writer.

3. The following statement: "This work is original,"signed by the author. (Original means

that it is the work of the writer and not something copied from some other source or planned or written by others.)

At the top of the first page of the manuscript, the author should write either BYU or RICKS, to designate which school he/she would be interested in attending if the entry merits a scholarship award.

AWARDS: UNIVERSITY SCHOLARSHIPS!!

Two great church schools are offering scholarships CASH AWARDS!

... to writers whose entries are adjudged winners:

r IMPROVEMENT ERA SUBSCRIPTIO]

BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY RICKS COLLEGE (All Scholarships are for One Year (All Scholarships are for One Year

Two Scholarships for Tuition and Fees One Scholarship for Tuition and Fees

Two Scholarships for Partial Tuition and Fees Two Scholarships for Partial Tuition and Fees

Four Scholarships for Partial Tuition and Fees Two Scholarships for Partial Tuition and Fees

A total of thirteen choice scholarships to these outstanding church schools!

(Scholarships must be used at the awarding school, and all winners must qualify for acceptance at the school and must meet entrance and other requirements.)

IN ADDITION: CASH AWARDS! Twelve cash awards of $50 each. Twelve threeyear subscriptions to The Improvement Era. Grand total of thirtyseven desirable awards for young

church writers!

TIME: Entries must be mailed to the Era of Youth, 79 So. State St., Salt Lake City, Utah 84111, postmarked

not later than November 1, 1965. Winners will be announced in the February 1966 issue of the Era.

PUBLICATION:

Winning entries become the property of The Improvement Era. The Era reserves first publication

rights of all other entries. Payment will be made upon publication. No entries returned.

BY LARRY PERKES

July is the anniversary of the arrival of the pioneers pioneers were manual and physical. Our trials are

in what is now Salt Lake City. All of us recall the mental, moral, and intellectual.

hardships that were endured. We remember the They overcame their obstacles with their hands,

covered wagons that crossed over the frozen Missistheir shovels, and their rifles. But how can you swing

sippi as the Saints fled from Nauvoo. We see women an axe at an untruth or at an evil philosophy? On the

and children and old men and young men pushing trail when a child was bitten by a rattlesnake, the handcarts across the dry plains in the heat of the sumpioneers could take a knife and lance the wound and mer sun with only the remnants of all that were once let the poison flow out. But how do you take a knife

their personal possessions. And we see these hardy and drain the poison out of a young man's mind who

people literally carving wagon trails through the steep has been convinced by conspiring men such as Korihor canyons as they crossed the Rockies. of old that what a man does is no sin? ( See Alma 30.

The lives of those pioneers were indeed arduous. How do you focus the evil ideology of communism in

But our day is not without its difficulties either. In the sights of a rifle and kill it?

their day, life was brutal; in our day, dangers are Survival required that the pioneers turn to their

insidious. God to accomplish things they knew they could not

Alone in the wilderness, facing hunger, Indians, accomplish alone. Leisure and affluence in our day

disease, and cold, the pioneers had few alternatives. tempt us to deny a need for God.

When his son fell ill, a father had little choice but to Our difficult age requires a different kind of turn to the Lord in mighty prayer and exercise the stamina. We need spiritual fortitude and intellectual

healing powers of his priesthood. prowess. We need moral strength to believe that

But today we have many alternatives. Will our Christ was the actual Son of God when a majority of

prayers be fervent and our faith strong when we know religious leaders believe he was only a man. We need

there are doctors to care for our sick? Is it not difficult the Spirit of the Lord and the promptings of the

to be humble when our families are well, when they Holy Ghost to resist temptation and discern truth are clothed and provided for, and we are financially from the sophistries of men.

secure? Let us strive to meet the challenges of this day even

The problems we face today are just as onerous as as the pioneers met the challenges of their day, that those that confronted the pioneers. The trials of the we, too, might see our difficult journey to the end.

658 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA m\ Y

cWHAT8 \DUR,CO:?

The success of a play generally hangs on the roles of the characters, Are they appealing? Sympathetic?

The following quiz was designed to reflect YOUR character.

The answers? They're obvious—if you "know the score!"

1. Do you make your life a "motion picture"by Always

doing rather than just watching? Sometimes

Never 2. Do you take part willingly when asked? Always

Sometimes Never Q 3. Do you "dramatize"or "make up"the stories Always

you tell? Sometimes

Never 4. Do you give others reason to feel that you handle Always

money maturely? Sometimes

Never 5. Do you "stage"gettogethers of your own as well Always

as accept invitations? Sometimes

Never

6. Do you "act"your own way, rather than follow Always

"directions,"when handling a car? Sometimes Q

Never

7. Do you let useless "props"clutter up your room Always

and become obstacles to efficiency? Sometimes Q

Never

8. Do you play a touching "scene"whenever you Always

don't get your own way? Sometimes

Never

9. Do you make a big "production"out of schoolAlways

work to avoid helping at home? Sometimes

Never

10. Do you play "puppet"and "string"along with Always

what the crowd is doing, regardless? Sometimes

Never [

* Character Quotient

*<>> GIX

JULY 1965 rr ERA OF YOUTH/TAILINGCLOUDSroFGLOBy;

Layton Stake, Utah, has just to ordinary living through established a record to be the class, that inactive older proud of. Mrs. Roy (Tibby) teens had been brought back

Simmons and David Adams into the gospel fold and had have led a growing group of redirected their lives toward

M Men and Gleaners through more purposeful goals, that five years of inspiring entertemple marriages had intaining, instructional expericreased from 19 percent to ences that have changed the over 70 percent. The devoted

lives of many members of the leaders of this group have class. In fact, at a recent reskill in teaching and directing

union the fellows and girls discussions but, more imporpointed out that many of them tantly, feel a real love and had met in class and ulticoncern for youth. No wonder

mately married, that returned they are so well respected by missionaries had been wel- M Men and Gleaners who've comed back and helped to adcome under their influence.

Ronald and Marilyn Jorgenson< doing dishes following the party. Mrs. Roy W. Simmons and David

E. Adams, Layton Stake M Man

and Gleaner leaders.

*<2>9-L

660 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 3jsi

Nancy Paxman, daughter of Judge and Mrs. Monroe

Paxman, Provo, Utah, has walked off with top honors in Seventeen magazine's national hostess contest. She was featured in the magazine, was

winner of fabulous prizes and a trip. She'll be a senior at

Provo High where she's a Girls'State representative, debator of note, popular with friends, and famous as a terrific partygiver. She's organist in her ward and member of

a devoted LDS family. To

achieve and to strive to grow Earl and Pam Rogers look through in the gospel is the ideal of the Simmons'library. Nancy's life.

M i- |,!!.**

Jackie Bloxham and Dennis Adams share Tibby Simmons'pleasure in her silver. Dennis and Jackie were

married in June and held their reception at the Simmons'.

jk?.

JULY 1965 mmmmiamimmmmmmimim ERA OF YOUTH/TAILINGCLOUDSroFGLOBy;

:Pp

Loi Anne Bailey has been the gospel. The stories are too

trailing some clouds of glory numerous to mention, but wherever she goes. She hasn't they're on record. She's the

just won queenly honors in youngest member ever to be her young life; she has won a accepted into the Utah Symplace in hearts of LDS youth phony (only sixteen when

who have heard her bear testiadmitted three years ago!)

mony and play the violin, and and holder of an impressive who have smiled in response list of honors, awards, scholarPaulstructorQuigley,George "Rich"Downing,Frary,Robertinto her personal radiance. Winships. An actively participatBerry,ChristineJeanYeager.Start, Lorraine Frary,

ner of the Most Talented ing church member, she gives

Musician Award of the 1964 much thanks to her Church

Miss America Pageant, Loi and family for all that she enClockwise starting at top: instrucAnne has spent an exciting joys today. Her parents are table,tor Georgeand studentsDowning,Melindaat headAnderof

year making personal appearLoile J. and Anna Fugal son, Barbara Pfeiffer, Mary Briar,

Sonja Henry, Sally Henry, Walter ances, speaking before youth Bailey, Salt Lake. Her grandBerry, Paul Brusstar, Paul Quiggroups and in Sacrament mother, Lavina C. Fugal, ley, Richard Frary, Robert Berry,

Jean Start.

meetings. She has moved Pleasant Grove, Utah, was Anni Airola, Judy Bigler, Shirley

many a person to a better way named American Mother of Bigler, Sharon Brady, Arlene of life and greater interest in 1955. Campbell,Greer, SuzanneJo AnneHolt,Freiss,Marie CarolynJacobs,

*<j>t>k |p

Here's an example of Laution and twenty hours of rels who have extended their hospital service under the dichurch service and church rection of the American Red training to help in the comCross. They received graduamunity. Eighteen girls from tion certificates in a special

Scottsdale, Arizona, Stake program in one of the wards

YWMIA completed twenty from a member of Red Cross hours of classroom participaHospital Volunteer Group.

*>C&w -

662 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA *<c Gsx >v Iff'

Seminary in Audubon Ward, YWMIA President Evelyn

New Jersey (Philadelphia Beck of Glendale, California,

Stake), is a favorite thing with Stake writes glowing reports teens in that area. It means of activity in her area. At a

rising early (really early!) recent fathers'and daughters'

and traveling great distances evening, fifteen girls who had before school, but all agree it heretofore been inactive joined has been well worth it. Testithe 445 others in a memorable

monies have grown. Convictime of dining, toasts, and a

tions have been strengthened. variety program. Renowned

It's easier to stand firm for harpist Zhay Moore, world's high standards of clean livGold Medalist for her talent ing when you are in the minorand for many years under ity if you know why you contract with motion picture believe what you believe. studios gave the guests some

Seminary helps! music of the angels. President

Robert C. Seamons expressed

the deep desire in the heart Elizabeth Kircher, Rena Marks, of every father that his

Lu Jean Rawlins, Louise Romney,

Kathy Steele, Elizabeth Warner. daughter would live a clean,

virtuous life.

Ill

nm

td$

The Last Word

irmnmiT nium—

When in the course of human events, it becomes necessary for one people to dissolve the political bands which have connected them with another, and to assume, among the powers of the earth, the separate and equal station to which the laws of nature and nature's God entitle them, a decent respect to the opinions of mankind requires that they should—Thomasdeclare theJefferson,causes Preamblewhich impelof the Declarationthem to theof Independenceseparation.

If wrinkles must be written upon your brows, let them not be written upon the heart. The spirit should never grow old.—James A. Garfield

I dare do all that may become a man, Humility is the ladder If you feel you have no faults, who dares do more is none.—Shakespeare to divine understanding. that makes another one.

On a gloomy, rainy morning, it came little eightyear-old Tommy's turn to say the blessing at breakfast.

"We thank Thee for this beautiful day,"he prayed.

His mother asked him why he said that when the day was anything but beautiful. "Mother,"said he with

rare wisdom, "never judge a day by its weather."

The tongue, being in a Freedom is not the right The Summer looks out from her wet place, is likely to to do what we want, brazen tower, Through the flashing slip when going too fast. but what we ought. bars of July.—Francis Thompson

Let us have faith that right makes Be strong and of good courage; be

might and in that faith let us, to not afraid, neither be thou dismayed;

the end, dare to do our duty as for the Lord thy God is with thee 1:9 we understand it.—Abraham Lincoln whithersoever thou goest.-—Joshua

.; A wellknown speculator on the stock exchange was sitting in a friend's office one hot July day, and during the conversation, which was chiefly about stocks of different kinds, he informed his friend that he had picked up a cheap thing during the winter. "It stood at thirtythree

then, and yesterday it touched ninetyfour!"he said. "My,

what an extremely lucky fellow you are! What was it?"

said his friend. "Only a thermometer,"was the quiet reply.

664 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA LENNOX IS NATURE'S FRESHNESS—INDOORS

A summertime of Nature's Freshness (cool, quiet, and garden crisp)

Only Lennox brings you Nature's Freshness. Lennox works many wonders with a single, silent system. The magic

of cool, springfresh air, with summer's noise vanished. Cool, glassfiltered springfresh air, with summer's dirt locked

out. Crisp and dryas-autumn air (Lennox wrings out summer's wetness). Gently flowing (no drafts, no blasts, no rush,

no roar). Your nights are cradled in cool silence. Your days freshened with silent coolness. Nature's Freshness! Yours

yearlong with Lennox, in your home today, in your home tomorrow. 5000 Lennox dealers coast to coast. See your

Yellow Pages. Or, write for today's "freshest story"on air conditioning and heating. Address: Lennox Industries Inc.,

2200 South Main St., Salt Lake City, Utah.

AIR CONDITIONING HEATING LENNOX

Second Class Postage Paid at Salt Lake City, Utah

How much life insurance you need can only be Your Beneficial life insurance representative, determined by a study of your "assets"and your backed by the "Planned Futures"department in "responsibilities."our home office, will help you study your own

Your assets might include your Social Security; family needs and income, and tailor a life insurance

home; your present life insurance; your pension program that best fits these needs. To take this

plan; your savings, etc. These are often worth, in important step, just call your nearest Beneficial

total, more than you might imagine. Life man... No obligation, of course.

Your responsibilities would include your mortgage or rent payments; provisions for your chilWrite for more information on "Planned Futures"

dren's education; your own retirement; provision

for accident and illness, and your family's needs if they were required to live without your income. BENEFICIAL LIFE

Sound financial planning for your family's fufndutameture must include a consideration of these items and many others. Virgil H. Smith, Pres. Salt Lake City, Utah