SOUTHWEST

Snowflake, Ariz., June 4, 5, b

Albuquerque, N.M., June 8, 9.earning for El Paso, Texas, June 11, 12, 13

Tucson, Ariz., )une 15, 16, 17

EASTERN 4, 5, 6 D.C., lune

8, 9selfimprovement Washington,Pittsburgh, Penn., June

A unique learning opportunity is available Chicago,Boston, Mass.,III., JuneJune11,16,12,17 13

to you this summer when the BYU Education Cleveland, Ohio, June 18, 19, 20

Weeks program comes to your area. WESTERNCalgary, JuneCANADIAN4, 5, (>

Hundreds of interesting and timely classes Edmonton, June 8, 9, 10 will be taught by the traveling faculty of Lethbridge,NEVADAARIZONAJune 13, 15, 16

Brigham Young University. Enjoy classes in Las Vegas, Nev., June 6, 8, 9

science, religion, social studies, handicrafts, Scottsdale,Mesa, Ariz., Ariz.,June 11,June12,15,13 16,

fine arts, family living and business, conducted Phoenix, Ariz., June 18, 19, 20

right in your stake area. Meet the challenge PACIFICVancouver,NORTHWESTB.C., July 6, 7, 8

to continually improve yourself. Plan now to Seattle, Wash., July 9, 10, 11

be glad SeattleTacoma,No.,Wash.,Wash.,JulyJuly16, 13,17, 14,18 15attend BYU Education Weeks—you'll

you did. SOUTHERN

Huntsville, Alabama, July 6, 7

Atlanta, Georgia, July 9, 10, 11

Columbia, So. Car., July 13, 14, 15

WESTERN 3, 4, 5 Colo., Denver, Aug. EducationBYU

7, 8 Texas, Antonio, Aug. Weeks SanTHE IS OUR CAMPUS WORLD Texas, 10, 11, 12 Houston, Aug.

For additional information contact the DallasFt.OklahomaWorth,City, Aug.Aug. 17,13, 1814, 15

local chairman in your area or write: Spokane,EASTERN Aug.WASHINGTON13, 14, 15

BYU Education Weeks, 128 HRCB, Richland, Aug. 17, 18, 19

Brigham Young University, SINGLEMoses Lake,PROGRAMSAug. 20, 21, 22

Provo, Utah 84601 BYU Campus, June 9, 10, 11, 12

Ogden, June 9, 10, 11 Salt Lake, Aug. 27, 28, 29

Logan, Sept. 1, 2, 3

Colonia Juarez,?

IDAHO PROGRAMS Rexburg, June 4, 5, 6 Idaho Falls, June 8, 9, 10 Pocatello, June 11, 12, 13 Preston, June 8, 9, 10 Blackfoot, June 11, 12, 13 Boise, July 7, 8, 9 OntarioWeiser, July 10, 11 Twin Falls, July 13, 14, 15 Burley, July 16, 17, 18 NORTHERN CALIFORNIA Sacramento, July 6, 7, 8 Oakland, July 9, 10, 11 San Jose, July 13, 14, 15 Palo Alto, July 16, 17, 18 SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA San Diego, July 9, 10, 11 Clendale, July 13, 14, 15 San Fernando, July 16, 17, 18 Santa Monica, July 20, 21, 22 Covina, July 23, 24, 25 Whittier, July 27, 28, 29 Pomona, July 30, 31, Aug. 1

East Long Beach, Aug. 3, 4, 5

Anaheim, Aug. 6, 7, 8

The Voice of the Church May 1970 Volume 73, Number 5

On the Cover: Special Features

The 140th anniversary of the Church Editor's Page: The One Fundamental Teaching, President Joseph Fielding

on April 6 was marked in part by the Smith calling of the four brethren featured 4 Elder Boyd K, Packer of the Council of the Twelve, Jay M. Todd

on the cover to new assignments among 7 Elder Joseph Anderson, Assistant to the Council of the Twelve, Albert L.

the General Authorities. Photographs Zobell, Jr.

are by Beal's Photography, Salt Lake 10 Elder David B. Haight, Assistant to the Council of the Twelve, Mabel Jones

City. Full coverage of the April general Gabbott

conference, the solemn assembly pro12 Elder William H. Bennett, Assistant to the Council of the Twelve, William T.

ceedings at which President Joseph Sykes

Fielding Smith was installed as tenth 14 Book of Mormon Perspectives on Prosperity, Dr. John W. Bennion

President of the Church, the addresses 18 Early Mormon Artist Proclaimed "Art Discovery of 1970,"David W. Evans

by General Authorities who spoke, and 26 CCA as an Artist, Dr. J. Roman Andrus

the statistical reports about the Church 31 Family Reminiscences of CCA will appear in the June issue. 32 She Scrubbed our Souls, Dr. Lindsay R. Curtis

42 The Man I Remember Best, George Durrant 62 A Happier Marriage: Conclusion, Defense Against Disenchantment, Dr. J.

Joel and Audra Call Moss 79 Hugh Nibley: The Portrait of a Leader, Louis G. Midgley

82 A New Look at the Pearl of Great Price: Taking Stock (conclusion), Dr. Hugh

Nibley Regular Features 40 LDS Scene 54 Presiding Bishop's Page: The Presiding Bishop Talks to Parents About Com-,

munication, Bishop John H. Vandenberg

58 Today's Family: Freda Joan Jensen Lee—a Promise Fulfilled, Mabel Jones

Gabbott 68 Research & Review: How to Get Student Involvement, Albert L. Payne

70 Buffs and Rebuffs 72 The Church Moves On 74 These Times: National Defense and the Local "Peace Corps,"Dr. G. Homer

Durham 95 End of an Era 56, 61, 76 The Spoken Word, Richard L. Evans

Era of Youth Marion D. Hanks and Elaine Cannon, Editors

44 Preferred Men and a Prophet 46 Midiskirts 48 They Took a Stand 50 We're Soaring!

Fiction, Poetry 36 Can Love Be Less Than This? Patricia B. Brower

9, 60, 78, 95 Poetry

Eleanor Editor; L. Managing Editors; Doyle Evans, Fielding Smith, Joseph

Editorial T. Jr.,Jay L, Editor:Green, MabelRichard Jones WilliamManagingArrington, Sykes,Editor;Contributing Editor;Leonard Gabbott,Nibley, AlbertManuscript CopyG. Associate;Knowles, Durham, HomerEditor;

Director; Art ElliottEditor; Reynolds, M.ResearchLandau,Todd,RalphAssistant TrumanEraAlbert Norman Associate Editor; Elaine of YouthG. L. Madsen,Zobell, ofHugh Era L. Cannon,Payne, Editors; Youth Marion D. Hanks,

Artist. Price, Staff

W.Snarr,Jay CirculationEldredge, GeneralManager;Manager;S. GlennFlorenceSmith, S.AdvertisingJacobsen, Representative.Associate General Manager; Verl F. Scott, Business Manager; A. Glen

Generalpublished bySuperintendent,the Mutual ImprovementYoung Men'sAssociations.Mutual ImprovementAll rightsAssociationreserved. of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, 1970;

forEnteredin sectionat the 1103,Post Office,Act of OctoberSalt Lake1917,City, authorizedUtah, as secondJuly 2, class1918.matter. Acceptance for mailing at special rate of postage provided

years, $8.25; 2 3 years, $5.75; advance; year, a Subscription $3.00

Thirty special eachchangesucceeding single pricethreeyear the 35cin to added issues.issue of thedays'magazine;notice addressrequired changesfor a recent cannotof beaddress.madeyear, unless$2.50When include copymultipleexceptlabel fromsubscriptions, your change, ordering isaddressincluded. one, the pleaseasprice; well address,a as new old the

Improvement The Erapostagewelcomesfor deliverycontributionsand return.but is notPaymentresponsibleis madeforuponunsolicitedacceptance.manuscripts. Manuscripts must be accomby sufficient panied

Advertising: The orErahisis product.pleased to carry advertisements of interest to readers, but doing so does not imply Church endorsement of the advertiser

Official organ of the Priesthood Quorums, Mutual Improvement Associations, Home Teaching Committee, Music

Committee, Church School System, and other agencies of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

The Improvement Era, 79 South State, Salt Lake City, Utah 84111

Era, May 1970 1 The Editor's F&ge

i The One Fundamental t.... stmt * mink Teaching

By President Joseph Fielding SmithwKHKm \ Mum 1HH

God is at the helm of his church. I rejoice, as I

know you rejoice, in that great fundamental truth.

The Church is not the work of man. It was not instituted by man. It was established by the Lord and

Savior of this world. I bear testimony that Joseph

Smith was called and appointed in the very manner to which he bore testimony; that he was called to

usher in the dispensation in which we live, to establish the gospel in its fullness, to restore the priesthood, which is power from our Father in heaven and by which we are able to officiate in all the ordinances of the gospel for the salvation of the souls of men.

I am firmly convinced of these truths. The Lord

has not left us to wander; he has not left us alone in

the world to grope in darkness. His church is guided

by the spirit of revelation, and the inspiration of the

Lord rests upon those who stand at the head.

As I study the principles of the gospel, my heart is made glad in reflecting on the great truth that this work is based upon fundamental principles that do not change. They must not—they cannot—change, for

they are eternal. We believe in progression; but we

cannot substitute the ideas of men for that which the he has revealed it, then all things would be perfect,

Lord has given, or the plan that he has adopted and for the organization is a perfect organization; the

revealed to us, by which we may be saved. theory of it—the plan of it—is without flaw.

While men may formulate plans, adopt theories, It was not all given at once—it is still being revealed

introduce strange works, and gather and teach many as we need it—and therein is made manifest the truth

peculiar doctrines, one teaching is fundamental, and of the statement of the Prophet Joseph Smith, that from it we cannot depart: all things are concentrated he was taught of God.

in and around the Lord Jesus Christ, the Redeemer Thus the Lord prepared the plan and revealed it to of the world. We accept him as the Only Begotten of us that we might walk in a knowledge of the truth,

the Father in the flesh, the only one who has dwelt in righteousness, and in humility. If we follow it as

in the flesh who had a Father who was immortal. perfectly as the Lord intends that we should, there

Because of his birthright and the conditions surroundwill be no iniquity in the Church; there will be no

ing his coming to the earth, he became the Redeemer faultfinding; there will be no jealousy; there will be

of men; and through the shedding of his blood we are no envying, no strife, no bitterness in the hearts of

privileged to return into the presence of our Father, members of this church. All of those things will

on conditions of our repentance and acceptance of the cease, and we will stand with one united front and great plan of redemption of which he is the author. with one desire in our hearts to serve the Lord and

These thoughts cause me to reflect somewhat upon keep his commandments.

the organization of the Church as well—how the Lord The Lord is with the Church. He is guiding us. His

has established all things in order and has given us a spirit is resting upon this people. What he requires

perfect system. Men cannot improve upon it. If we of us is that we serve him in humility and with a onewould carry out that which the Lord has revealed, as ness of heart and soul. O

Era, May 1970 3 NewGeneral Authorities Called

Boyd ICPacker Of the Council of theTwelve By Jay M. Todd

Assistant Managing Editor

The name of Elder Boyd K. Packer is not new to "A number of years ago I chose several basic objecmembers of the Church. He has been a General Autives in life—things that I wanted to be and do. First,

thority for nine years and is now only 45 years of I wanted to be a good father. This was not to be

age. Saints in many parts of the globe have heard limited by occupational choice or setting. I felt that

his counsel, given in easy and candid delivery that is being a good father ivould be a permanent anchor for both quiet and compelling, and likely punctuated by my orientation, and that livelihood, hobbies, even social his keen sense of humor. opportunities had to be weighed against whether or

After visiting him, one remembers an irrepressible not they related to that ideal. I soon learned that the

smile and pleasant demeanor. As a man among men, perfect plan for fatherhood was the gospel. When I

he has known for more years than his age belies what icant to know how to be a good father, I go to church, it means to have wisdom and to be sought after for consult the scriptures, and listen to the authorities.

its expression. This has been my storehouse of knowledge. Home is

But it is as one newly sustained as a prophet, seer, the center of the gospel—and of my life. Of all the

and revelator—as are all members of the Council of the places in the world—and I've seen some interesting and

Twelve—that Elder Boyd Packer begins to fill a singuenticing ones—I'd rather be home than anywhere

lar niche, one unique and peculiar to himself. else."

The outlines of his life can quickly be noted: a Elder Packer and his wife ("who I've been willing

Brigham City, Utah, youth; World War II bomber to modestly admit is perfect") are parents of ten

pilot in the Pacific theatre; marriage to Donna Smith children—seven boys and three girls. Their small farm,

in the Logan Temple; college degree in education; secluded in southern Salt Lake Valley, is indeed a

Church Indian Affairs coordinator at the Intermounretreat and haven. "Home to him,"says a friend, "is

tain Indian School in Brigham City; while in his 20's where he has horses, cows, chickens, ducks, birds, and

simultaneously serving six years as a high councilor dogs. It's a place where he and his wife have created

and four years as a member of a city council, and a special environment to constantly stimulate their being awarded a civic distinguished service award; children, provide them with chores, duties; a place

assistant administrator of Church seminaries and inwhere he and Donna can foster opportunities for stitutes (named while still in his 20's); and his call in teaching about life and God."

1961 (after having just turned 37) as an Assistant to "7 think in some ways it is easier to raise a large the Council of the Twelve. family. It depends upon what you want to accomBut the man, his mission, and what he stands for plish. If you want to provide material benefits,

cannot be so quickly profiled. These things are found obviously the fewer children you have, the more you

in his own words ( italicized ) and in the words of those can provide for each one. But if you are trying to

who know him best: teach unselfishness, responsibility, cooperation, regard

for one another—these things can happen in a wellthat the Lord has called a seer to the apostleship."

ordered family only if there are sufficient persons there Even his personal interests indicate the nature of his in the first place. We've learned that extra material soul: "You don't really get to know him until you've

benefits per child are offset when children learn thrift, walked through a forest with him,"says his longtime to make do, to make and build something. I felt that intimate, President A. Theodore Tuttle of the First

way when growing up, and I thought my children deCouncil of the Seventy. "Boyd loves nature, loves the

served that kind of environment."mountains, animals, and especially birds. He's a great

The tenth child of 11 children born to Ira W. and bird watcher. When he hears or sees a bird, he can

Emma Jensen Packer (he was born September 10, identify it. He knows birds, their names and habits,

1924), Elder Packer knows whereof he speaks when and loves to paint and sculpt them. And he's very

he discusses large families: "It's a little hard to explain good at it. He could have been a fine naturalist—

my coming to a position like this, except out of a fammaybe even a good painter of nature. On the wall of

ily such as I came from. I used to think we were one of the homes he lived in, he painted every kind

poor—but we weren't; ice just didn't have any money. of bird that was common to that area. It was beautiful,

But we were rich in number, in a father and mother and the birds were beautifully painted. He has a

who were interested in and set their whole lives on great reverence for life—trees, plants, animals, and

raising a good family. It's true when I say that all I especially birds."

know in life that is important to talk about is what I've "One thing you can say about him,"notes another learned from my family—parents, brothers, and sisters acquaintance, "is that he beautifies things. He spruces

—and my own family, where I get an even greater things up—paints, scrubs, hammers, plants, plows—by

schooling."himself and with his family. He makes everything

"His mother,"says an acquaintance, "used to let him about him seem pleasant and beautiful in a special, pile up the 13 chairs from around the big kitchen creative way."

table so he could make a kind of jungle bar and weave "When he was a seminary administrator,"says a his way through. It was one of his chief joys as a child. friend, "one of the older teachers, an astute observer

A lot of mothers wouldn't allow that—it's too much of men, once commented, That man has one of the

bother, and anyway, that's not what chairs are for—keenest minds I have ever known. By that I mean he

or is it?"can make sense out of something and put things in their

"I'll tell you something about that Packer family,"true order.'"Another associate notes, "I've never seen

says an associate. "I've not seen a family quite so him do or say anything without a philosophy behind

united. It's a family environment that has tempered it. I once asked him, 'Where does all your wisdom

him, set his goals, qualified him. You have to undercome from?'"

stand all this to understand him, to know that nothing The question might make him uneasy, but not the in the world is more important to him than his family. answer, a secret that Elder Packer deeply believes all

In his home they have some very unusual family activimembers of the Church need to discover for themties and practices that reflect his strong personal selves: "It seems to me that there is a great power

philosophy about family life, the privacy and sacredin the Church—in all of us—that is untapped because

ness of which he guards closely."we are always setting about to do things in our way,

"The second goal that I had was that I wanted to be when the Lord's way would accomplish much greater good. Most people would be ashamed, to say that. returns. And then, when we don't know what to do or

I'm not. I just wanted to be good—good for something. think, or what would be the Lord's way or will, we

Mostly I wanted to be a good son, to both my earthly don't ask. Why don't we talk to our Father? In

father and. my Heavenly Father. I have never thought specifics? About real problems? As often as toe would

that I deserved to have good children unless I could be with our earthly father if he were nearby?"

one myself. I've had an idea that we contribute to the "He is a man given to prayer, a lot of it,"says a

glory of our Father in heaven when we add in our coworker. "He prays about things. He's learned to

own person one more worthy individual. I've felt listen to the Lord."

that I wasn't worthy to get what I wasn't willing to "Sometimes when we don't know what to do,"obgive."serves another coworker, "he will say, 'Let's get away

"Everything in his life,"comments a friend, "revolves from here, go to another room.'And then we kneel

around his goals. In the use of these goals he has the down and just talk to the Lord about the matter. It's

ability to see relationships, the rare gift of perception been a revelation to learn about prayer, that it works to see things in perspective. In this sense, I think in all aspects of life."

Era, May 1970 5 w Front row: Elder Packer, Sister

Donna Packer, Eldort, Spencer,

Lawrence; back row: Laurel,

Russell, David, Man, Gayle and Kathleen. Kenneth (above)

is on a mission.

The supervision of individuals involves administragram, as well as of the family home evening program, tive and leadership abilities. In this, Elder Packer has and was managing director of the Church's Military

long stood out: "He's a natural leader, having the perRelations Committee. He is a member of the Church

sonal bearing, joined with a fixed, resolute purpose Board of Education and serves on the board of trustees that exudes confidence,"says an associate. "He treats of Brigham Young University. Only two years ago he

a man as he ought to be treated,"says a subordinate. returned from Cambridge, Massachusetts, where he

"When he delegates authority, he gives it. You soon had presided over the New England States Mission

learn that when you speak, you're speaking for for three years.

him also. This makes you want to be your best, be He has also been blessed with the gift of teaching,

more creative, more responsible, to be everything you in which activity he always seems to be functioning.

yourself want to be.""I don't know of a better teacher,"says an academic

It was during his years as a seminary administrator acquaintance. "Certainly, the youth of the Church

that an incident of lasting personal meaning occurred. have a great friend in him. He understands them and

Both he and Elder Tuttle were assistant administrators knows how to make a principle real in their lives. 1

over seminaries and institutes of religion. The chalremember when he was a seminary teacher. He

lenge of leadership pressed heavily on the two young wanted to teach the concept of loving your neighbor, men, both conscious of their lack of long administrative so he told his students, 'To do this, you first have to and collegiate teaching experience. They set aside a make a friend. In order to do that, I want you to walk

day in which they reviewed, examined, discussed, and to school with a person you normally haven't walked prayed about their responsibilities in directing beloved with—just to communicate and to learn how to get

coworkers. "At the end of the day, after all that thinkacquainted, so you can love people better/

ing, talking, and praying, we came up with three little When he speaks to students—even college students

words that we felt were the answer to our problems struggling to get their degrees and to ferret out truth—

and assignments. Those words were simply, 'Follow Dr. Packer knows whereof he speaks. He has acquired

the brethren.'"It is fitting that they who set about the credentials of the academic world—B.S. and M.S.

to teach such a course are now in the position to be from Utah State University and Ph.D. from Brigham

followed. Young University. On education he has definite opinAs for his own assignments, Elder Packer carries a ions: "The academic world can be a pretty dangerous

responsible load. At the time he was called to the world because it is made up of the philosophies of

Council of the Twelve, he was serving as supervisor of men. And a lot of people—some of our people—go

the FrancoBelgian, Netherlands, French, French East, through and take a leave of church activities in their and South African missions. He was also managing schooling; they end up as academic giants but spiritual

director of the great priesthood home teaching proand moral pygmies. That imbalance can be tragic.

They can articulate and gain high positions and yet is to get into the organized activity pattern of the have home and family lives that are such disappointChurch, to stay in it and resist the temptation to be ments that all their learning and little faith bring them drawn out of it. When people get out of this pattern,

nothing but sorrow. But we should remember thai penalties come. They find themselves unhappy—and

people don't get in serious trouble in one step. I don't no one wants to be unhappy."

think anyone steps off a precipice into the depths of Such are the thoughts of Elder Boyd K. Packer and

immorality and apostasy. They slide down the slippery of those who know him well. This is in part a profile

sides of the chasm. When they hit bottom, it's interof the man recently called to fill the vacancy in the

esting that usually they want to take one step out. Council of the Twelve. Aptly says a General Authority

There's not one step out any more than there was associate: "The Church will realize soon enough that

one step in. It's a long, hard climb. Mostly they have the Lord was right in the calling—that the Lord doesn't

to crawl to get out—on their knees. The best way out make mistakes."O

JosephAnderson Assistant to the Council of theTwelve

By Albert L. Zobell, Jr.

Research Editor

Joseph Anderson was born at Salt Lake City Novemtaken him to arrive in his field of labor. He served as

ber 20, 1889, a son of George and Isabella Watson conference president and secretary of the SwissAnderson, Scottish emigrants. His father was a railGerman Mission beginning in June 1912, and comroad man. In the Roy (Utah) Ward, as a child, Joseph pleted that mission in May 1914.

was sustained as secretary of the Primary. This was When he made inquiry about serving as President

the first of many positions he has held as a secretary, Grant's secretary in 1921, he was invited to sit in the a position of confidence and important detail to which Tabernacle congregation of the MIA June Conference he has given great dignity and effectiveness. to take the President's message. He did, turned in his

He was graduated from the Weber Academy in report, and waited. Nothing happened. Later he was

Ogden, Utah, in 1905, when David O. McKay was the notified that President Grant was to speak on his

school's principal. He was called to the SwissGerman sixtyfifth birthday, November 22, 1921, to Latterday

Mission in October 1911. Several years ago he recalled Saint students in the Assembly Hall,, and that he would

the long train ride to Montreal and then the voyage like him to come and take down his talk.

to Europe, noting that a grandson, then in Scotland, In the address President Grant "gave me a drilling was settled and happy in mission routine and well on that just about floored me. I said, 'He talks like a

his way to his first convert in less time than it had streak of lightning.'When I turned in his address,

Era, May 1970 7 Front row, left to right: Jean A. Anderson; Ann Card, Elaine Anderson Card, Michael (on floor) and Lane Card; Elder Joseph and Sister

Norma Anderson; Scott (baby), Judy and V. Robert Peterson; back row, left to right: Barbara,. Shari, Joseph, and Joseph Robert Anderson; William Card; Bette Anderson Peterson; David, Kimberly (baby), and Kathy Wright, insert: William, Tracy, and Patricia Hoff.

my work surprised President Grant, who was testing "I had a very close acquaintance with President me on purpose. I became his secretary on February 1, McKay beginning while I was a student at Weber

1922, and was with him for 23 years, until he passed Academy. I've never had a teacher anywhere near

away. No two men could have been closer than he the equal of President McKay. He was a man of great

and I were. We traveled all over together. We were personality and vision, one who was greatly admired.

almost like father and son."Truly, he was a prophet of God.

He became one of two official conference reporters "I've always loved and admired President Joseph on April 6, 1922, and clerk of the general conference Fielding Smith for his knowledge of the gospel and of the Church six years later. He has written untold the scriptures and his devotion to the Lord's cause.

thousands of pages of notes at the official meetings of He is a tenderhearted, lovable man who has felt an the Church and his other assignments. obligation to preach repentance to the people: the

During most of the time that he served as President Lord has said, 'Say nothing but repentance unto this

Grant's secretary, he was also secretary to the First generation.'He has felt that was his responsibility.

Presidency, and after President Grant's death in 1945, He is truly the Lord's chosen prophet for this parhe continued to serve as secretary to the First Presiticular time."

dency. For many years his duties have included, In speaking at Brigham Young University last July,

among many other things, being in attendance at and Elder Anderson said: "The men who have presided

taking minutes of meetings of the First Presidency and over this Church from the beginning have been men the weekly meetings of the Presidency and the Council raised up by the Lord for the particular time during of the Twelve in the Salt Lake Temple. which they served, men prepared and qualified for the

"President George Albert Smith was a man of great service they were to render and for the leadership they love,"he recalls. "I went to Washington, D.C., with were to give. These men are not mediocre men; they

him at the end of World War II. We called on Presiare giants of the Lord, chosen and ordained before

dent Harry S Truman and cabinet members, as well they came here to perform the work they have done as embassy officials stationed there. The Church deand will do. Each is different from the others, but

sired to send welfare supplies to our members in all are men of inspiration, of revelation, of devotion,

Europe. President Truman said, 'When can you do it?'and of faith—prophets of the living God."

President Smith replied, 'We can do it immediately. He enjoys as his leisuretime activities walking and

We are ready to go. We only need the ships to send swimming ( and we might add, more Church work—he

the supplies.'He made a friend of President Truman, has been a member of the Bonneville Stake high

and the way was opened for this to be accomplished council for 25 years). He often will walk to a

without delay. meeting or to work, and frequently refuses invitation

of kind friends who wish to give him a ride. He generous to a fault. There is no generation gap between

swims—30 to 36 lengths of the Deseret Gymnasium him and the young. Young people come to him with

pool—several times a week. It is his philosophy that their problems. He always has time to talk with

exercise is important—exercise of the muscles, exercise them. We are happy that our home is a gathering

of the mind, and exercise of the spirit. He is convinced place for young people. Our children, grandchildren,

that without exercise, one becomes flabby physically, and their friends come, and we have wonderful gospel mentally, and spiritually. discussions as well as discussions of personal problems

Elder Anderson has developed a wide range of inand world affairs. They have great respect for his

terests. He has been secretarytreasurer of Deseret advice and counsel. As the children have grown older,

Book Company since its incorporation in 1932. He was they feel even closer to their father, and he has grown

formerly vicepresident of Gunnison Sugar Company, younger with them. We are grateful for our family

secretary of the Saltair Beach Company, and a director relationship and the fun we have together."

of a small railroad company. For many years he has As Brother Anderson was called to be an Assistant

been a contributor to the yearbooks of the Encycloto the Twelve, President Harold B. Lee of the First

pedia Britaniiica and Encyclopedia Americana, and Presidency noted: "He brings into the General Auwas also a contributor to the American People's thorities'circle a background of knowledge and

Encyclopedia. He is listed in Who's Who in America experience seldom equalled and probably never

and Who's Who in Industry. surpassed.

Elder Anderson married Norma Peterson November "A man in Joseph Anderson's position as secretary 11, 1915, in the Salt Lake Temple. She served on the to the First Presidency has to be one in whom there

YWMIA general board from 1942 to 1961. The family is placed implicit trust. A betrayal of that trust would

lias been blessed with two daughters and a son, all of be disastrous and could cause confusion, embarrassSalt Lake City: Mrs. Bette Peterson, J. Robert Anderment, and undoubtedly criticism were he to exploit

son, and Mrs. William C. (Elaine) Card. the opportunities he has been given as a privileged

Sister Anderson says of him: "Perhaps a wife knows confidant in matters vital to the Church. Joseph has

her husband better than anyone else knows him, and never betrayed this trust."

I must say I am a bit prejudiced about him. He is a President Lee summarized Elder Anderson's call as

man completely without guile. He has never said an "an evidence that not only are his labors appreciated

unkind word about anyone. He is always considerate by the brethren but also as evidence that the Lord has

of others, and unselfish. His outstanding characterishad a watchful eye and has now inspired Joseph

tics are his great faith and love of the gospel, selflessAnderson's call to extend all his abilities that the ness, patience, generosity, and understanding. He is Church also might have the benefit therefrom."O

On the Trail West By Enola Chamberlin

Into the dark, So calm it was, so peaceful, And then a wind,

The strange and alien dark, Yet A keening, tortured wind,

The trusting horses pressed. A night to try the souls of men, The black sky holding in its arms

The wagon lurched behind them. A hostile night. A blacker cloud,

Ironshod ivheels dragged in the Expected springs were dry. A broken lance of flame,

sand, Thirst was a rusty chain around The crunch as of a thousand

Or slipped on rocks. the throat, trees

Afar Distance, a rope slowly uncoiling. Shattering as one,

A coyote wailed at stars. And down to earth

From some new plant there The hurried, angry rain.

came, A canvas spread to catch it in its

Borne on a slight breeze, fall;

A scent like myrrh, Man and beast drank deep.

The incense of the cooling desert The distance and the night night. Became rich things to feed

The souls of men.

Era, May 1970 9 David B.Haight

Assistant to the Council of theTwelve

By Mabel Jones Gabbott

Manuscript Editor

"One of our challenges in society,"says Elder David tive of the Council of the Twelve, an assignment that,

B. Haight, "is learning to get along with people—to he says, "I thoroughly enjoyed. It was good to meet

understand their needs, their wants, and their aspirawith the stake presidents, their counselors, and the tions."bishops, and help them see the magnitude of the gosTo this newly appointed Assistant to the Council of pel plan. I thoroughly enjoyed my assignment, workthe Twelve, working with people is not only a chaling with these brethren, attempting to communicate

lenge but a joy. with them and to understand their needs and problems.

"I enjoy people,"Brother Haight said. "I enjoy being In this matter of communication, we try to move what

with them and working with them. Most of my life is in our mind over into the other person's mind—and,"

has been spent in working with people—in my business he added, "that is part of our involvement with

career, in the navy, in my involvement in civic activipeople."

ties, and in the Church."Active involvement with people dates from Elder

Elder Haight was born in Oakley, Idaho, on SeptemHaight's college days at Logan, Utah, where he was ber 2, 1906, a son of Hector Caleb Haight and Clara athletic manager for Utah State Agricultural College

Josephine Tuttle. He was married in 1930 to Ruby (now Utah State University). After graduation, he

Olson of Fairview, Utah. They have three children—went into retailing. Although there was a great detwo sons and a daughter—and 13 grandchildren. pression, he moved steadily forward in that business.

His father died when David was very young, and He was associated with Keith O'Brien, ZCMI, and then he has great respect for his widowed mother. Her Montgomery Ward and Company; for the latter

teachings and her example have been a steadying company he was district manager in California and influence all his life. later manager of all stores in the midwest states.

The need he has felt of a father's guidance in his Brother Haight's adherence to his mother's teachlife has helped Elder Haight to form close ties with ings and his example in living the principles of his his own sons and to build richness in all family relareligion played an important part in his business protionships. Family members recall sharing home motion. When the president of Montgomery Ward

evenings of singing with their father, vacations fishcalled him to his office to tell him of his promotion, ing together on Utah streams, and an unforgettable Elder Haight said, "I don't know if you want me to be pack trip in California when even the youngest, at the manager of that region. I don't know if you know

age eight, walked 38 miles into the high Sierras. To that I came from a little Mormon town in Idaho, and

celebrate Elder Haight's fiftieth birthday, the family my standards.are different from those of many people

spent two weeks together in the Hawaiian Islands. in this organization. My approach would be different

"We have always been a close family,"said Elder from what has been done in the past."

Haight. Sister Haight, the three children, and some of "I know,"said the president. "That's why I am askthe grandchildren were in the Tabernacle Monday ing for you."

morning to sustain him in his new position in the In 1951 Brother Haight purchased the Palo Alto

Church. Hardware Company and is at present the president of

Elder Haight's contribution to the Church has been its two stores, varied and interesting. He was a member of a bishopElder Haight has been reminded often in his life

ric and a high councilor in Palo Alto, California, and of the promise in his patriarchal blessing that he will was serving as stake president of the Palo Alto Stake make friends for the Church outside the Church. He

when he was called to be president of the Scottish said he learned the hard way to "stand up and let

Mission. He has also served as a Regional Representapeople know who you are and what your standards

Top left: Sister Ruby Haight and Elder Haight; top right: David

and Angela Bowen Haight and their five children; bottom left: Jon

and Karen Haight Huntsman and their six children; bottom right:

Robert and Dorothy Hurst Haight and their two children.

are. If you do this, they will respect you for it."fund committee of Brigham Young University.

"Build into your life an area of service,"he has said, Remembering the philosophy of Edmund Burke- "and when you marry, have an understanding as husthat all that is necessary for the triumph of evil is that band and wife that a big piece of your life is going to good men do nothing—Elder Haight said, "If good men

be devoted to service to the Lord and to your felloware only going to worry about their own personal men. Build service into your thinking and your aims affairs and are not going to move out into the area

and desires, and then organize your time right. It will of doing something of influence, then evil will carry

work if you want it to."on. If we can drop a little of the salt around, then this

Elder Haight talked of his reluctance to run for we need to do."

city council in Palo Alto. He was president of the Elder Haight's ideal of service extended to his

stake and involved with the Boy Scouts, the Red Cross, country in its time of need. During World War II, as a

and other civic activities. But he was aware of how commander in the U.S. Navy, he and 40 other reserve

rapidly the Church was growing in that area and officers worked out a pattern for the flow of requests what an opportunity from the Church standpoint for supplies. He appeared before the vicechief of

this public service would be. So he accepted, and he naval operations and presented a logistic pattern of

later served as mayor for two terms. "I am glad I how the flow of materiel to support the fleet in the

served,"he recalls, "because of the good it did for the Pacific could be streamlined. His plan was accepted

Church."Other civic affiliations have included activity and put into effect. A navy historian later quoted

in the Palo Alto Chamber of Commerce, Rotary Club, Admiral Chester Nimitz as saying that the secret

StanfordPalo Alto Hospital, and Channing House Reweapon in the Pacific campaign was the flow of tirement Center. materiel into that area. Elder Haight received a speWith his love of people, his involvement in Church cial citation from Admiral Nimitz for this service to his

and civic activity, and his desire to give service, David country.

Haight brings to his new position great business "This matter of service,"said Brother Haight, "is ability, organizational power, and wide background demonstrated so well all over the Church. It is a joy

experience in management. and a blessing to be associated with the Church. As a

At the time of his call to be an Assistant to the Counfamily, and personally, we have received great blesscil of the Twelve, he was serving on the endowment ings as a result of our Church responsibilities."O

Era, May 1970 11 William H.Bennett

Assistant to the Council of theTwelve

By William T. Sykes

Editorial Associate

The sentence, "I have learned that sometimes you every branch of learning and could see value and real learn life's lessons more effectively in defeat than in purpose in all subjects."

victory,"has deep meaning for William Hunter BenWilliam H. Bennett was born at Taber, Alberta,

nett, whose string of victories stretches far along the Canada, on November 5, 1910, a son of William and path he has traveled. The word defeat seems strangely Mary Walker Bennett. He claims an Indian backout of place in company with this sixfoot-one man, ground. The records show that he is "11 generations

whose determination to seek learning in the field of removed from Pocahontas. She was my ninth greathigher education carried him from a farm in Alberta, grandmother. My connection is through her and

Canada, to a place of honor among the scholars of John Rolfe."

America. His appointment as director of Extension Elder Bennett joined the USU faculty in 1937 as an

Services at Utah State University in July 1962 climaxed extension field agent. In World War II he served as

a series of responsible positions held during long years an enlisted man for six months, then attended the of service in the fields of agriculture and extension Infantry School at Ft. Benning, Georgia, where he reeducation. And when, in December 1969, he received ceived a commission as a second lieutenant. Twentythe Honorary Award Certificate of the National Regisseven months service in the Pacific theatre followed.

ter of Prominent Americans and was listed in the 1970 He was discharged as a captain in 1946. He then

Register, the recognition came to one who had proved returned to USU and served as extension agronomy by his works that while life's lessons may be more specialist for one year, after which he did teaching effectively learned in defeat than in victory, yet vicand research in the Agronomy Department for nine tory is achieved by strength of will and hard work. years. He became assistant director of Extension

One of the hard lessons learned in defeat came Services, 195658; acting dean of the School of Agriwhen, at the age of 15, he dropped out of school. A culture, 195860; dean of agriculture, 196062; then

series of dry years and poor crops, and consequent director of Extension Services. He holds B.S. and

economic pressures, made it necessary to miss a great M.S. degrees from USU and the Ph.D. from the Unideal of school, and because he was behind, he became versity of Wisconsin.

discouraged and quit. Two years later he was motiDespite the pressures of his academic pursuits,

vated to action by some inspirational statements by Elder Bennett has always found time to serve in the

Hugh B. Brown, then president of the Lethbridge Church. He has been active in MIA, Sunday School,

Stake, and by his uncle, Archibald F. Bennett, who and priesthood functions, and was for many years a

later became secretary of the Genealogical Society. He member of the East Cache Stake presidency. He also

recalls, "I headed out for the sugar beet field at the end served on the Church's Priesthood Missionary and of a hoe handle, and took a look at my future. I made Welfare committees. At the time of his call to be an

up my mind that I was going to go back to school and Assistant to the Council of the Twelve, he was a was going to demonstrate—to myself, first of all, Regional Representative, supervising the Logan and

and then to my parents and brothers and sisters and Cache regions.

friends—that I could succeed."Elder Bennett married Patricia June Christensen

"Up to that time geography had been my favorite April 12, 1950, in the Logan Temple. They have six

subject, followed by history. But after I applied children: Camille Kay, 17; William Bradford, 16;

myself in all seriousness, I found that with a more posiMary Ann, 14; Julee, 11; Deborah, 9; and Jacqueline,

tive attitude I could master the tough problems as 6. So deep has been Elder Bennett's love for

well as the easy ones. I developed a great love for Canada that Sister Bennett says, "Our children are

Front row: Jacqueline, Elder

Bennett, Camille Kay, Julee, Deborah; back row: William

Bradford, Mary Ann, and Sister

Patricia Bennett.

convinced there are only two places in the worldful to younger people. We've done some work in our

Logan and Canada."extension services in the area of gerontology—the

Elder Bennett has a sincere concern for the probstudy of the aging process and conditions. I firmly

lems of all persons, young or old. believe that older people must have activities, the

As an educator and religious leader, he has taken opportunity to feel that they are doing useful things.

time to listen to youth and to help them with their They need to be busy and active. They won't be happy

academic and personal problems. He constantly reunless they are."

minds his children of the value of having high stanElder Bennett impresses his associates with his indards. Of the young people of today, he says: tegrity and strength in maintaining gospel ideals. An

"Although many of them seem somewhat confused, and associate has said: "William Bennett is solidly conthey have more difficult and complex situations to verted to the Church—he doesn't represent something

cope with than did the youth of yesterday, I think it's he isn't. In all areas of his life, he is never afraid to

the finest generation we have ever had."stand up for his beliefs, even against great opposition."

Of those who are older, he observes: "Most of us, Elder Bennett's voice takes on a tone of humility

as we journey through life, sample just a little of what and deep sincerity when he speaks of his new calling life has to offer. Our approaches and points of interest and new association with the members of the Council

should change with the advance of years, for as a of the Twelve. "I have tremendous respect, love, and

person grows older his experience base broadens and admiration for the brethren. It's a real joy and privibecomes more inclusive. So I think one of the things lege to be associated with them in this work—a very

that can be very satisfying to older people is meditahumbling experience to be called to this position."

tion. In William H. Bennett are centered humility that

"I believe that older people should write their life has come through defeat and personal sacrifice and histories. Many faithpromoting experiences can be strength gained from determination and hard work to

recorded, and things can be said that would be helpachieve the goals he set for himself in his youth. O

Era, May 1970 13 Book of Mormon Perspectives on

By Dr. John W. Bennion

Many members of The Church perity may last. However, we are can become a curse and lead to

of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints subject to some of the same temptamoral and spiritual decay. This is

enjoy a standard of living that is tions that confronted former genone of the great lessons of the Book unprecedented in the history of erations who lived during times of of Mormon.

mankind. Never have so many had material prosperity. The Book of All other things being equal, maaccess to such abundant material Mormon is a rich source of interial abundance can enhance life.

possessions and comforts. Even formation about the potential diMoreover, it is possible to be both

those who are relatively poor by visive influence of prosperity on prosperous and righteous, but the modern standards would seem rich human life. The experience of the corrupting potential of affluence is

and prosperous by the standards of Nephites and Lamanites should great enough to warrant our careformer generations. give us pause in counting our maful attention. An analysis of the

History teaches us that temporal terial blessings. Indeed, the very experiences that the Nephites had

conditions can and sometimes do word blessing should be used with prosperity reveals several change rapidly. No one knows how cautiously, because unless people temptations to which they often

long this period of general prosare alert to the dangers, prosperity succumbed that are present in our

Dr. John W. Bennion, first counselor in the Rochester (New York) Ward, own day.

is superintendent of the Brighton Central Schools in Rochester; he formerly Prosperity sometimes causes

taught at the School of Education, Indiana University.

people to be vain and selfrighteous.

material possessions and the nobility of his soul. Nevertheless, prosperity tends to make people feel

superior and hence distorts their

People are tempted to become view of themselves. all manner of precious things of

proud of their riches and of themClosely related to the temptation every kind and art;... yea, then is

selves because of their possessions. of pride is the tendency of people the time that they do harden their

This tendency was noted among the who are prosperous to feel selfhearts, and do forget the Lord their

Nephites a few years before the sufficient in relation to God. MaGod, and do trample under their

birth of Christ. terial abundance can produce a feet the Holy One—yea, and this

"And it came to pass that the false sense of security and mastery because of their ease, and their exfifty and second year ended in and cause people to feel no need ceedingly great prosperity."(He.

peace also, save it were the exceedfor divine guidance and assistance. 12:2.)

ing great pride which had gotten "Yea, and we may see at the very A profound sense of our relationinto the hearts of the people; and time when he doth prosper his ship to God and a feeling of need

it was because of their exceeding people, yea, in the increase of their for his help is the very essence of great riches and their prosperity in fields, their flocks and their herds, spirituality. Unfortunately, material

the land; and it did grow upon and in gold, and in silver, and in abundance tends to generate a

them from day to day."(He. 3:36.) sense of selfsufficiency, illusory as

Prosperity in and of itself does it may be, that can erode responnot improve a man's character; siveness to things spiritual. Samuel

there is no correlation between one's recognized and pointed out this

Era, May 1970 15 Rediscovered collection of early Mormon art

mimmmimm >—'i—.. 1..m i n i

1. ART IN AMERICA $2.75

Available NOW at Deseret Book, brilliant full color, high quality reproductions of the Mormon Panorama in the MayJune issue of

ART IN AMERICA, America's leading art magazine.

Early Mormon historical events come alive in 22 paintings by

Mormon artist C. C. A. Christensen, known as Mormon Panorama.

Sunday School teachers can use these excellent paintings to illustrate lessons on early Church history. Artists and historians will find them

worthwhile collectors items too.

Scenes included are the Hill Cumorah vision, mobs in action,

Nauvoo Temple burning and pioneers entering Salt Lake Valley.

Order one your copies now, while the supply lasts.

2. FOR THE POWER IS IN THEM $2.95

"FOPtfi "Mormon Musings"by Neal A. Maxwell

A book for the rising generation who are determined to be engaged in the main stream of life as "idealists without illusions". Since the

use of power in all forms is being accentuated today, Mr. Maxwell

suggests that the spiritual power that is within each of us be sought also, because one day "we will truly see with our eyes those things we have previously seen only with an eye of faith."

3. SPIRITUAL ROOTS OF HUMAN

RELATIONS $4.95

by Stephen R. Covey

A vice president of the Brigham Young

University, Mr. Covey has seen the value of

these "spiritual roots", Vision... Commitment... Understanding and Example...

Communication... and SelfDiscipline. He

examines them in relation to the problems we face today on our campuses, in our national life, and in the world. A book

fully in tune with the times. 0

Order from..

DESERET BOOK COMPANY 44 East South Temple, Salt Lake City, Utah 84110

OR 777 So. Main, Town & Country, Orange, Calif. 92668

3 4 12 4. THE SPIRIT OF THE OLD TotalPleasecostsend me items circled: This 4'/z% must include

TESTAMENT $4.95 sales tax from Utah residents ordering from Salt Lake or

by Dr. Sidney B. Sperry 5%Orange.sales Paidtax byfrom check;Californiamoneyresidentsorder;orderingor D chargefrom

Here is a study of religious and devotional established account.

aspects of the Old Testament. It is a reAlso include 25g for each book ordered to cover handling

vised and enlarged edition of the book, first and mailing.

published over 30 years ago. This will fill a Name

void in L.D.S. publications in Old Testament writing. A valuable tool for scholars, Address

it will also round out home libraries of City members in general. State Zip

MAY ERA 1970 condition to the Nephites: "Ye do not remember the "For behold, ye do love money, and your substance,

Lord your God in the things with which he hath and your fine apparel, and the adorning of your blessed you, but ye do always remember your riches, churches, more than ye love the poor and the needy, not to thank the Lord your God for them; yea, your the sick and the afflicted.

hearts are not drawn out unto the Lord, but they do "Why do ye adorn yourselves with that which hath swell with great pride, unto boasting... and all manno life, and yet suffer the hungry, and the needy,

ner of iniquities."(He. 13:22.) and the naked, and the sick and the afflicted to pass

While it is true that many people are able to retain by you, and notice them not?"(Morm. 8:37, 39.)

and even strengthen their faith while living in prosAny prosperous generation is subject to the same perous circumstances, the relationship between prostemptations that frequently undermined the moral and perity and loss of faith is all too common to be spiritual life of the Nephites. Material abundance can

ignored. The history of the Nephites reveals an omiand often does result in a materialistic outlook on

nous pattern. A generation, through its faith and life. The history of the Nephites sounds an ample

diligence, works hard to serve the Lord and provide warning to guard against the subtle tendencies toward for itself. They are blessed in their efforts and soon materialism. The principle of tithes and offerings can

become prosperous. But the fruits of their labors cause be thought of as a curb on materialism. When we give

them to feel proud, vain, and selfsufficient, and they regularly ten percent of our income in tithes and an begin to lose the very faith that helped them to become additional portion in offerings for the development of prosperous in the first place. Sometimes this process the Church, missionary work, ministering to the needs

takes place in one generation. At other times it is of the poor among us and assisting them to become

the second or third generation that succumbs to the selfsustaining where possible, this practice should temptations of material abundance. help us keep a proper perspective on material values.

A third danger inherent in material abundance is Beyond the sustaining of life in reasonable comfort, the tendency for the prosperous to become insensitive material values should be thought of as a means of and unresponsive to human need and suffering. In cultivating and fostering moral, spiritual, intellectual,

periods of general prosperity, whether in our own and social values.

day or in Book of Mormon times, not everyone shares The paying of tithes and offerings teaches us to use in the abundance. There are always some who, for part of our material resources for purposes beyond

one reason or another, need help. The Book of Morthe accumulation of material possessions and creature

mon gives many examples of the corrosive effect of comforts for ourselves. If we tithe in the proper spirit,

prosperity on such attributes as empathy, sympathy, we will learn to put our resources to work in support compassion, and unselfishness. Material possessions of values other than purely materialistic ends. Money

and creature comforts can cause us to lose our ability spent in support of education, a missionary, good to identify with and respond in helpful ways to those music, educational travel, honorable candidates for who do not share in the blessings. Alma noticed this public office, or worthy charities is surely more in

tendency among his people. harmony with the gospel than an endless pursuit of

"Yea, he saw great inequality among the people, material things and superficial diversions that have no some lifting themselves up with their pride, despising life in them.

others, turning their backs upon the needy and the Our society is both prosperous and materialistically naked and those who were hungry, and those who oriented. The good life, for example, as interpreted

were athirst, and those who were sick and afflicted."by the advertisements on television, consists in the

(Al. 4:12.) accumulation of material possessions and the enjoyThe ability to respond compassionately to human ment of physical pleasures. Widespread promiscuity,

need and suffering is fundamental to the gospel of drug abuse, and divorce demonstrate the vulnerability

Jesus Christ. Nothing can adequately compensate of our generation to the dangers of material prosfor the lack of it. Moroni, toward the end of his life, perity. The gospel of Jesus Christ and the lessons of

recognized that future generations, perhaps including the Book of Mormon are powerful antidotes to the our own, would live under conditions of great abunmaterialism of our day if we will but heed the warndance. He foresaw also that these conditions would ings and the admonition of the Lord to "seek not for

cause some to lose their sensitivity to human need, as riches but for wisdom, and behold, the mysteries of had happened so often among the Nephites. His God shall be unfolded unto you, and then shall you

description of future generations should have a soberbe made rich. Behold, he that hath eternal life is

ing influence on our own prosperous generation. rich."(D&C 6:7.) O

Era, May 1970 17 Artist EarlyMormon Proclaimed "Art Discovery of 1970"

By David W. Evans

This summer in New York City scheduled to run eight weeks, from held up by wooden tripods. An asone of the Church's pioneer MorJuly 13 to September 7. sistant would turn a crank, bringing

rnon artists will be twice honored Each of the paintings to be disinto view each succeeding scene, as as "the American art discovery of played is about seven by ten feet, CCA described the event through 1970."depicting events in Church history, heavily researched lecture notes.

The first phase of the recogniranging from Moroni's visitation to For the coming New York exhition of the late Carl Christian Anton Joseph Smith, through the Ohio, bition, the paintings will be unChristensen (18311912) will come Missouri, and Illinois growth and stitched and framed as individual in the MayJune issue of Art in persecution, to the Saints'crossing paintings. They will be presented

America, which will reproduce in of the plains and entering Great on the entire main floor in the full color 23 paintings by this Salt Lake Valley. Whitney Museum, where interior

nineteenth century DanishUtah The paintings were put towalls will be removed to create one artist, who spent most of his life gether into what Christensen called major exhibition area, in Ephraim, Utah. his Mormon Panorama—painting In addition to these panorama

Later this summer, as a second stitched to painting to form a paintings, Art in America will tribute to Christensen (known in large scrolltype presentation some feature another painting that is his adult life as "CCA"), New York 175 feet long—which CCA dispresently hanging in the Church

City's famed Whitney Museum of played on popular lecture tours Historian's Office, depicting the

American Art, one of the most throughout Utah and parts of Idaho handcart pioneers, of which CCA prestigious art centers in the United and Nevada in the late 1800s. For and his young bride were a part

States, will display the originals of weight and balance, aspen poles in 1857.

22 of these paintings in an exhibit were fastened to the paintings, and Interestingly, although CCA's

"Defense of Nauvoo in September 1846"—beautiful easel painting

depicting fate of those left behind at Nauvoo. (Edith Cannon, owner)

A Norwegian winter scene. (Owned by Mrs. Vilate Jackson)

artistic talents were respected during his lifetime, it was his literary abilities that made him a widely known figure—some say almost

legendary—among early Scandinavian Latterday Saints. He wrote

hundreds of poems and rhymed verses ranging from humorous to gospel themes. Many of his poems

were put to music and formed a major portion of early Scandinavian church hymns, one of which—still

sung at nearly all Church baptismal services in Scandinavia—is said to

be "of sufficient beauty to alone immortalize his name."

Historians have noted that "his

Danish verse was something of an institution among them."1 He was

beloved for his reunion pieces, David W. Evans, founder of an advertising and public relations firm, has been

rhymed letters, humorous sketches, associated for many years with the projects and publicity of Church Informaand gospel writings that appeared tion Service.

Era, May 1970 19 Stake. Now comes this richly deserved honor, at a time when many

had begun to forget his remarkable

gifts.

An interesting chain of events led to the recent discovery by Art in

America of the panorama paintings, which had lain for years in a storage room on the Brigham Young

University campus. In about 1906

Charles John Christensen, oldest son of CCA, purchased the panorama from his father for a token consideration of $100, and when he died in 1928, the panorama was left with his wife. She wanted her

children to share in ownership of the panorama, and upon her death in 1944, it became the property of the C. J. Christensen family, with Panorama #3: Depicts the night of Saturday, March 24, 1832, at

Hiram, Ohio, when the Prophet was tarred, feathered. the oldest son, Seymour, acting as

for many years in the Scandinavian lent to that of mission president. custodian. He carefully stored the

Latterday Saint publications BikuHe painted murals for the Manti, panorama in his home.

With the help of family members hen and Skandinaviens Stjerne. In Logan, and St. George temples, as

and relatives, the panorama was the latter years of his life he served well as traveled with his popular in the Church Historian's Office as Mormon Panorama for some years. shown at family reunions and

a writer, translator, and compiler of After a full life of great and unvarious Sanpete County and Ephmaterials dealing primarily with the stinting service to the Church to raim reunions, celebrations, and

Scandinavian countries, in one of which he generously gave his many gatherings. One of the relatives,

which (Norway) he had served talents, he died at 80 years of age, Lars Bishop, who was teaching twice in a position that was equiva- a patriarch of the South Sanpete seminary, asked to show the paintings to his students and then to the

Panorama #4; Graphic painting of 1833 persecution endured by

Saints at Jackson County, Missouri, whence they were expelled by teachers of the Church seminary mobbers system. Dr. William E. Berrett,

administrator of seminaries and institutes, saw the paintings and asked if they could be brought to

BYU, which was done in 1953.

'"'':.-\ '-.":..-. <V *', "- V- f."il'4.-'">-------... J*"-"Since then, the panorama has been

1 stored at BYU and has been used as backdrop in several BYU movies.

A filmstrip was prepared for use by the seminaries, and several paintings were reproduced in various manuals. Some showings were organized for the Christensen family

and other organizations.

In the late 1950s or early 1960s a \ * y W \ \ ISs., prominent cultural historianpoet,

Carl Carmer, went to Utah to research a book he was writing on the Church. ( Titled The Farm Boy

and the Angel, the book was re20 cently released by Doubleday.

Learning of the paintings, he obtained color transparencies and immediately appraised them as a major art discovery. He used 11 of

the scenes in an article that appeared in American Heritage in

February 1963, and he became the major catalyst in bringing together the 1970 related projects honoring

C. C. A. Christensen. For 40 years

he has been a distinguished American writer, poet, historian (one of his books was honored by the Literary Guild as the selection of the year ), and he has served prominently in an advisory capacity for numerous major culturalhistorical projects. The Church is fortunate

in having as collaborator a man of Panorama #15: Shows the martyrdom of the Prophet Joseph Smith

his caliber and sympathetic underand the reported divine protection given his body from attackers.

standing. Communications Corporation. ings in the Whitney gallery.

In the fall of 1969, Carmer With the Art in America project In order to preserve the panorashowed photographs of the paintapproved, Mrs. Lipman showed ma concept, a length of fabric,

ings to the editor of Art in America, the transparencies of the panorama similar to the original canvas of

Mrs. Jean Lipman, who shortly paintings to John I. H. Baur, direcpaintings stitched together (10 by

thereafter asked permission of the tor of the Whitney Museum of 175 feet) will be rolled up on the

Church to reproduce the entire set American Art; Mr. Baur and his original wooden poles. To the outof 22 paintings in a special C. C. A. associates became equally enthusiside edge of this dummy roll will

Christensen issue, in spring 1970. astic and extended an invitation to be attached one of the original

The issue will also feature the the Church to exhibit these paintpaintings, giving viewers an idea handcart company painting from the Church Historian's Office; a Ease/ in Church Historian's Office of handcart company. In 1857,

painting by Dan Weggeland, an CCA Christensen and his bride pulled their cart across the plains.

early Mormon artist and friend of

Christensen; some works by Mahonri Young and John Held, Jr.;

and early photographs of Utah from the Charles W. Carter collection.

According to Mrs. Lipman, Art

in America has never given similar coverplate coverage to any other artist in the 56 years of its publication.

As an additional honor, the magazine, whose circulation is 50,000, calls Christensen and his

Mormon Panorama its nominee as "the American art discovery of 1970."The magazine, the largest

art critics'magazine in the country, is associated with the Whitney

Era, May 1970 21 than six feet tall, he was fullchested and had blue eyes and red hair, which turned gray early in life. As he grew older, his stately

walk became a bit of a shuffle. He

had poor eyesight, and even in his thirties his extreme nearsightedness was very pronounced. He soon acquired the habit of carrying a cane

for fear of stumbling on the rough walks. As age advanced, he also

lost part of his hearing. Both of

these physical weaknesses were the subjects of many interesting and humorous experiences during his life and subjects about which he used to poke fun at himself.

Carl, as he was called in his youth, was born November 28, Panorama #19: Saints left behind at Nauvoo in fall, 1846, fought 1831, in Copenhagen, Denmark, the

threeday battle with mobbers before surrendering. oldest of four sons of Mads Christensen and Dorothea Christiane

of the way in which the original No article about the Christensen panorama paintings were transpaintings or present plans for makChristensen. Although at one time

they had owned an inn, they hadported and displayed by Christening them more widely known would sen from town to town. be complete without the story of suffered severe financial reverses

until they were reduced to poverty As an outgrowth of this twothe man himself.

pronged magazinemuseum project, As for his person, his children about the time Carl was born.

Eventually his mother was forcedthe publishers of Art in America and grandchildren remember him have commissioned a book to be as a dignified man, always neat in to go out washing and housekeepproduced on Mormon art and appearance, "never mussy, even ing, a work that often exceeded her architecture. when he was working."A little less strength and impaired her health. Later in life CCA wrote: "When

Panorama #20: Forced from their Nauvoo homes, aged and s/ck my mother was home, she cared

Saints were saved from starvation by the descent of many quail. for us with all the love and strength

of a good devoted mother... and

she planted in our young hearts a noble seed for good, which never fully was destroyed."

When he was young, he wrote, he had to clean the house, which he did "as well as I could, and I can say, that I put forth an effort, so that everything should be alright when my mother came home in the evening. "... [mother] was gifted in

cutting out birds, animals, and persons with surprising accuracy, and it was in this way that she entertained her children in the absence of any toys. She taught me

to use the scissors and make such things as could be used for toys by

me and my brothers. I soon learned to release him from his contract, about the matter, he was informed

to draw with a sure hand. I always he was able to attend the academy in a dream that she preferred antried to imitate very correctly the only in winter months, for which other person, one of his coworkers

profile of everything I saw, and was privilege Mrs. Bruun paid his masto whom he had introduced the

admired quite a bit by everyone ter. In the spring of 1848, when gospel.

who watched me."Carl was 16 years old, Widow Of this period, CCA later wrote:

The care of her children pressed Bruun purchased his freedom. "The year 1852 began in a very

heavily upon Carl's mother, and in That summer he was again apprenhappy way, both for me personally her deeply based religious nature, ticed, but this time to a master and for the Kingdom of God. The

she turned in prayer to God. Early painter, Carl Rosent. He received Church grew fast, and I, myself,

in Carl's youth, she had had a from Rosent good instruction, but grew, because of the light that dream that left a deep impression Rosent's selfconfessed atheistic seemed to shine brighter and on her, to the effect that all would attitudes produced in Carl an inbrighter... breaking down the igbe well with her and her son. Now, difference to religion. norance of many centuries."During

concerned about her son's developHence, when his mother was this year he and his mother bid ment, she again was prompted, in baptized in August 1850 (in the farewell to his youngest brother, a dream, to make application for second baptism held by Elder who set sail for America and Great her gifted child to enter the state Erastus Snow of the Council of the Salt Lake City.

school for the worthy poor. Young Twelve and his three companions, That same year he began working

Carl took the examination and did only a few short months after their on his Svendeprove, a piece of well, for despite his being the arrival in Denmark), 18year-old work each painter prepared before youngest in his public school class, Carl responded with "contempt"tohe could finish his apprenticeship.

"he had been number one for a year ward this step, "as I thought talk In January 1853, at 21 years of age, and a half."of angels only superstition."he went to the president of the

The "institution of benevolence"By the middle of September his painters'organization for examinawas a new experience for 11year- thoughts had not changed much—tion. Then his work was taken to

old Carl. He could visit his family until he met and heard the gospel the County House, where it was

only on holidays—if his behavior preached by the missionaries. He judged by a specially appointed

was good. The boys, who slept in was baptized September 26 and committee under the leadership of

large dormitories, were each asconfirmed three days later, after the Academy of Arts. His work

signed a number—he was 59—and which one of the men present told "was accepted and praised,"and

each was called by that number. his mother that he felt Carl would he was now a journeyman painter.

Prayers were said before all meals. later "become a worker in the vineBut instead of embarking on a

In April 1846, at the age of 14, yard of the Lord."career as an artist, he looked forhe was confirmed in the Lutheran And a good worker he was. In ward to being released from his apChurch, according to the custom of the next several years, while finprenticeship so that "I could work

his native land, and a week later, ishing his studies at the Academy among my countrymen as a misupon leaving the state school, he of Arts and completing his apsionary."Then a priest in the

was apprenticed to a carpenter. prenticeship, he introduced the Aaronic Priesthood, he was called

While he was at the state school, gospel to several coworkers, who to serve on Sjeelland, his home his artistic talents were discovered joined the Church. "When I in the island, and thus began missionary

by the widow of an Admiral Bruun, evening had finished my work for service that would span nearly a a sea hero of Denmark, who was to my master, I visited the Saints in decade in his lifetime. During this

become his benefactress for six their houses and taught them their first mission he began his career years. The widow, Anne Sophie duties, had prayer with them, colas a hymn writer, as indicated in

Bruun, Miss Eleanore Harbo, herlected their part of the house rent two entries from his journal: "May

self a painter and artist, and Miss and often presided in prayer meet4th—I arose this morning, and had

Louise Soiling had seen some of ings."He was also reading everyprayer, whereafter I sat down and

young Carl's paper cutouts. They thing he could about the Church: wrote songs, as the Lord would inasked him if he would like to go to "I read like a starved person."spire me.""May 11th—I sat down

the Academy of Arts, but since he During this period he fell in love to write some songs which I had was apprenticed to a master carwith a young girl whom he hoped made up the day before."( The day

penter who was not then willing to marry. But in answer to prayers before, he had faced some strong

Era, May 1970 23 reactions by antiMormons. ) When bering over 300 persons) until the CCA's life. While tanning hides,

he returned home to Copenhagen, spring of 1857, when he was rehe dropped an axe on his foot, he called on his benefactress to leased from his mission. He was cutting it so severely that he could

share with her his "new treasure,"then 25 years of age. not work for six weeks. His banbut instead "this came as a stroke, CCA wanted to emigrate to Utah dage was one of the legs of his only

to her and brought her great to be with the general body of the pair of "under trousers."But his

grief...."Church, and so, in company with spirit of good cheer and natural

In October Elder Christensen other European Latterday Saints, enthusiasm carried him through was called to Norway, where mishe sailed to England. On April 24, conditions that might otherwise

sionary work had been established 1857, in Liverpool, he and Elisc seem almost unbearable.

two years earlier. As he left the Haarby, a girl he had met during After a year in Fairfield, CCA

ship to step on Norwegian shores, his first missionary assignment and and his wife and infant daughter one of the first woman converts in moved some 110 miles south of Salt

Norway, were married aboard the Lake City, to Sanpete County, ship that was to take them to the called "Little Denmark"because so

United States. many Danes were there. It was to

He was a steward over the be CCA's home and heart for the

Scandinavian Saints while crossing rest of his life, despite the Indian the sea and was division captain wars, grasshopper plagues, snakes, with the handcart group with which droughts, and other hardships. He

CCA Christensen and wife in buggy, in front he and his young bride traveled the helped found the town of Mt.

of their Ephraim, Utah, home. Upper room 1,300 miles from Iowa City to the Pleasant, settling on several acres

was CCA's painting room. valley of the Great Salt Lake. They from which he was expected to

the young Dane reported he walked arrived in September 1857, "destimake his living. In the early 1860s,

"inland to the woods and there tute of everything but faith in God he helped paint scenery for the Salt dedicated myself to the Lord to the and hope for better days."Lake Theatre, but painting could

service of these people."Upon his arrival in Utah, the not yet—nor would it ever—support

His first mission to Norway young artist became a hod carrier, him totally.

(18531857) was marked by the because the "paint pots were dry On a Sunday morning in 1865, typical experiences suffered by and empty."He subsequently 33year-old CCA received a letter

many other missionaries as they worked as a hide tanner, charcoal from Brigham Young calling him to have tried to introduce the restored burner, farmer, house painter, a second mission to Norway. A few

gospel to new lands. He was imtheater scene painter, and artist. days later, he called his little family

prisoned several times for preachHis mother and two younger brothtogether and gave a father's blessing and was twice sentenced to five ers, Mads Frederick and William, ing to each of his three children, days of bread and water. He was a had preceded him to Utah by sevwho were all under six years of

spokesman for the Church in public eral years, but by the time CCA age. He again presided over the

debates in the Norwegian capital arrived his mother had died. Norwegian conference, which incity of Christiania (now Oslo), Frederick was then living in Faircluded about 1,000 Saints. (Sadly,

where, as a result of his impressive field, Cedar Valley, 40 miles southhe arrived in Europe just one year preaching and engaging personality, west of Salt Lake City, and CCA after the death of his father.

several persons of civic promiand his bride joined him there. While in Norway in 1866, he

nence became friendly to the MorThey all lived together for a short turned to portrait painting to help mons, maintaining that friendship time in a oneroom rented house in support himself and "succeeded befor many years. In the winter a little stone fort that had been yond expectations."In January

of 1855, he trudged 165 miles over erected as protection for the settlers 1867, he took some "hours informaice and snow, pulling a small sleigh against the Indians and the threattion daily in the art of painting"with his belongings, to reach Saints ened invasion by an army of the from Phillip Barlag, a "very accomin an outlying area. That same United States (which, in fact, plished young man."In 1868 he

year he was appointed president of camped peacefully in the valley returned to Utah, bringing with him the Norwegian conference, which when it did arrive ) the parents of his wife and his included all of Norway, and he An indication of the trials of brother August, as well as a sizeable presided over the conference (numthese early pioneers is found in body of Norwegian Saints.

Building to left of church, which housed first missionaries to Denmark, is where

Two years after he returned home CCA Christensen heard gospel preached.

to Mt. Pleasant, CCA took his family to Ephraim; he moved a year

later to help settle Fairview, where they resided briefly until Indian Early photograph of CCA Christensen mural trouble forced them to return to in Ephraim Tabernacle.

Mt. Pleasant and thence back to America,Below: Wallaceand EarlSprague,Olson,presidentassistantof ChurchArt in

Ephraim. Historian, examine panorama.

During these years he busied himself painting murals for several "of the temples. He was establishing

a wellknown name among the community and fellow Scandinavians for his artistic and literary

abilities.

The family recalls that CCA often mixed his own pigments, sometimes from the herbs and plants growing wild in his community. His children

remembered riding with him in the buggy to other towns, seeking witnesses to the scenes of Church his- a Representation of the Ark,""Lehi him in financing and producing the tory that he was painting. After and His Family Leaving Jerusalem project. A man with some artistic

sketching in an event, he would to Take Their Journey to the Amertalent himself, a violinist, hymn ask those who would assist to help ican Continent,""Nephi Bound by writer, and photographer, Frederhim fill in the details—a bush here, His Brothers on Board the Vessel,"ick wrote: "I and my brother Carl

some children there, the hill sloping "The Landing of the Colonists,"decided to unite our efforts in just so. It was his desire to make "The Forefathers of the American painting a set of large paintings

his pictures accurate, and he sought Indians on the Shores of the Amerirepresenting the origin and develinformation firsthand from as many can Continent,""The Baptism of opment of the Church of Jesus witnesses as possible. Christ in the River Jordan,""CruciChrist of Latterday Saints, illusAbout this time he painted a fixion of the Savior,""Christ Aptrating on canvas many persecutions

panorama (since lost) of biblical pearing to the Ancient Inhabitants endured by the Saints previous to and Book of Mormon scenes. One of This Continent After His Crucitheir fleeing to the Rocky Mounaccount indicates that he was apfixion and Resurrection,""Moroni tains. Consent and encouragement

proached in 1877 by Dimick B. Hiding Up the Plates Containing having been obtained from the auHuntington, an Indian guide and the Records of the Book of Morthorities of the Church [some

missionary, who commissioned some mon,"and "Joseph Smith the sources say from Brigham Young], scenes as an aid for teaching the Prophet Receiving the Plates of the we proceeded to get the paintings gospel to the Indians. Huntington Book of Mormon From the Hands made and prepared to exhibit them

died in 1879, before the project was of the Angel Moroni."in public places. It was called a

completed. Proof that CCA evenThe second panorama, the one Mormon Panorama. When seven

tually completed a dozen paintings whose scenes will be shown in New paintings had been finished by my that would serve as teaching aids York and will be published in Art brother, we started on a tour of and evidence that he showed them in America, was commenced apparlecturing and exhibiting. We met

in an illustrated lecture series arc ently by the mid1870s, because by with a hearty welcome everywhere well documented. A printed hand1878 it is known that seven of the we went. It was looked upon as a

bill of a lecture given by CCA in paintings had been completed, and worthy enterprise and proved a

Tooele, Utah, describes the subjects by September 1893, 19 scenes had financial success as well. I owned

of this panorama as "Adam and Eve been completed, leaving four un- a third interest in it. In the winter

in the Garden Partaking of the Tree accounted for. A sketch of CCA's of 187980 I was offered a position

of Life,""The Murder of Abel by life written by his brother Frederick as principal of the district school

His Brother Cain ""The Flood With indicates that CCA had help from in Fairview, and being tired of

Era, May 1970 25 traveling after two winters of it, ceived permission from President Manners, and Customs of Various

I sold my interest to my brother Joseph F. Smith of the First PresiCountries, Religiously and Otherwho became the sole proprietor of dency to exhibit the panorama bewise,"which Frederick traveled

the panorama."tween Salt Lake City and Ogden to with for two winters before selling

When finished, this panorama earn money for the mission. He it for an interest in a sawmill.

had 23 paintings on the roll. The later sent some paintings to Norway In the summer of 1886 more

first painting, "The First Vision,"for Charles to sell in order to help scenes on Church history were evidently has been lost or destroyed. pay for his mission. In 1885 CCA painted for the panorama. During

In 1882, when his son Charles and Dan Weggeland painted a third these years CCA was also formulatwas called on a mission, CCA repanorama titled "Curious Ways, ing in his mind a set of Book of

Mormon charts for the Sunday School; when published, these

charts were widely used and his "name became generally and favoras anArtist ably known throughout the entire CCA

By Dr. J. Roman Andrus Church."

Professor of Art, Brigham Young University In 1887 he was called on his

The Mormon Panorama is direct in statement and has a range third mission, back to Copenhagen, of detail that makes it seem to be from the hand of a primitive, but where he served until 1889; one of

when the body of work is studied closely, it becomes apparent that his responsibilities was as writer, the paintings are imbued with depth and the vigorous concern of a translator, and general manager of noble spirit. They were conceived and planned by a disciplined the Skandinaviens Stjerne, a biand facile mind and executed by a hand that could be sensitive monthly Church publication.

and subtle, quick and powerful. This article primarily pays tribute

The organization of the canvases is often complicated, yet to CCA's artistic activities, but informally balanced with such varied elements as architectural equally as much space could be forms encircled with masses of figures and everpresent stagelike given to his role as a writer, of trees for dramatic relief and textural detail. There are, at the same which it has been written, "He

time, psychological and historical implications and space in which could praise the Lord or poke fun one sometimes senses surrealistic overtones. Such integrated at Scandinavian foibles. He knew

factors suggest the conceptual depth of a highly sophisticated their nearness to sentiment and painter. This suggestion is reinforced by impeccable placement of tears, but he knew also their capacgroups of figures to employ the entire picture plane or create an ity for laughter. CCA was a saluemptiness, as in the "Tar and Feathering of the Prophet,"to inditary influence among his people

cate the quiet stealth desired. then, as he is a delightful memory

At times CCA. Christensen seems to work intuitively in setting among them today. The mother

up rhythms of legs and arms and leaning bodies that show the ebb tongue could have wished no better and flow of the temper of the mob or the sympathetic responses of singer.""His ears served him as

the Indians as the Prophet teaches them in an outdoor setting. His well as his eyes, and he recorded

sense of directional change of forms of varied pictorial elements the interests of his people in aualso seems unplanned. The varied lighting effects are too extreme thentic accents. To the familiar, the

and underworked to be contrived. cherished, the sentimental, and the

Of all the visual forces, the color attests most eloquently to comical in their lives he gave digthe integration of feeling and knowledge into expressive power. nity or gently satirical expressions

... He Moods of desolation and grief reside in the greens and smoky blueas the occasion demanded.

grays, while spiritual outpouring is seen in the reds and yellows, could move them with his hymns and terror is felt in the yellowbrowns as the mobbers face death of simple faith or as surely rouse in the swollen river, which is brightened by white cartoonlike them to laughter at any spectacle of lightning. himself he chose to hold up to their

It is no wonder that Saints from Idaho, Nevada, and throughview."CCA once wrote of himself,

out Utah understood and responded to the Mormon Panorama. In "They called me a poet, but I'm

it, the language of the spoken word was reinforced by expressive only a painter, and Danish is my visual symbols and the compelling language of the spirit. O daily speech."2

26 Era, May 1970 MBOioiaer

as-""Jones ByHnS.

with ach live to pla.ds things the you.shHer atching of

Shaping fabnc gs.

sleeveS!hemsrS pressingF jthjng. collars

nts nderstitchmg t nPdjustme. P* tailoring ts

S c. special a. ing. bound h fjh'ng sub - o|e children*

buttonho.es-S forthe

stitutes. teach shjt can

Sessionasafew

w cleverly wntten illustrated booK.

V $5.95

e5& VeafS SPECIAL'2. MY FIRST 3. FOOD FOR THOT

EIGHT YEARS with Mary Taylor

, Bec> Here's a full color, beautifully complete baby book to record every precious moment of a child's life up thru Baptism.

Special pages for important dates, photos, clippings, certificates, etc. It's a combination photo

album, scrapbook and genealogical record. A Not just another cookbook. Food for Thought is a "funtastic"

... new thoughtful gift... a treasured keepsake. q:A gc collection of kitchen lore. Hundreds of exciting recipes

and old. Plus sections on high altitude cooking, making laundry

day easier, and much more. This delightful book is topped off

FILL OUT AND MAIL IN THE COUPON NOW! with a heartwarming insight to the personality of its author,

Don't delay... do it today and begin reaping the late Mary Taylor. Makes a treasured addition to the library

many pluses in timely reading now. Complete of any cook from new bride to professional chef.

information on the coupon. \

Please send the following book(s) Name

AddressBookcrall checkcircled belowor moneyfor whichorderI enclosein the amount of $ City 1848 West 2300 South (Residents of Utah add 4Vi% sales

P.O. Box 268 tax.) State Zip.

Salt Lake City, Utah 841 10 1. 2. 3. 5-70

Christian Anton Christensen died.

He was 80 years old.

Numerous individual paintings by him are treasured by relatives and family members. The scenes

vary from events in Church history to scenes of Norway, and of family, friends, and life in Utah.

Painter, poet, patriarch—without

question CCA was a great and good man. When his love of art and

writing and his love of the gospel could both be given expression in the same art portrayal, he realized some of his happiest hours. It is

fortunate indeed that he was able to use so effectively his professional talent as a tool to aid him in teaching the most important thing in his life: the restored gospel.

As to the future of his paintings,

Mrs. Lipman, the editor of Art in

During the 1890s he continued He spent the last 11 years of his America, makes this optimistic obhis interests in painting and writlife as a member of the staff of the servation: "When mounted, these

ing. He freely gave encouragement Church Historian's Office, where paintings could be shown in other

and uplift to all who knew him, and he served as a writer, translator, museums, world's fairs, and so forth.

he was universally admired and and compiler of material on the I really think that they will evenloved for his achievements in talhistory of the Scandinavian Saints tually stand at the very top of the ent, personality, and character. As and missions, much of his work nineteenth century American genre

an indication of his spiritual serving as the basis of the official painting."

strength, in 1900 he was ordained as Church history of these people. It is the sincere hope of all adSouth Sanpete Stake patriarch. On July 3, 1912, in Ephraim, Carl mirers of this Danish immigrant

that he will receive the recognition he so richly deserves. O

FOOTNOTES

1 William Mulder, Homeward to Zion ( Minneapolis: University of Minnesota Press, 1957),

p. 267. 2 Ibid. See pp. 26773.

Above, left: Panorama #18—In midFebruary

1846, Saints cross an icecovered Mississippi

River and go to Sugar City, Iowa.

Left: A scene we//-known by CCA—missionaries trading in Denmark. (Owned by

Beatrice Vernon)

Right: One of five known paintings by CCA

of handcart pioneers. (Owned by Zella

Christensen)

Above: Norway in the winter.

Below: Harvest time in Ephraim. (Owned by (Owned by Eva Wallace)

J. William Christensen)

theme—theAbove:handcartCCA's pioneers.most popularThis paintingsingle

is on heavy canvas. (Owned by Mrs. Mary C.

Condie)

HOME.'&l?ETH0ME!

Above: Painting by CCA of his 1875 Sanpete County home, wife, and children.

(Owned by Mrs. Veda Jensen)

Left: "Winter Quarters,"an easel painting of

the main campground of the pioneers.

(Owned by Mrs. Norma Taggart)

"Crossing the Mississippi—Feb: 1846,"an easel "Sugar Creek,"one of the pioneer camps after

painting. (Owned by Morgan Dyreng) the expulsion from Nauvoo. (Owned by Seymour

Christensen)

Era, May 1970 29 "mormons troubled by the temptation the spreading drug craze poses for their teenagers and by outsiders'criticism of their official stance on negroes in their church, think they may have the answer in a new folk and rock group."

—Washington post

should be seen by our youth everywhere in the church."

—harry barbara,j. haldemanCalifornia santa

stake president

"... aided immensely in our

missionary work... and in

helping to build the proper image of the church in the east."

norman r.missionbowen states—presidentatlantic eastern

"... entire program had a very

powerful effect upon all members of the stake, both young and old... would recommend this

program for all others..."

—w. preston cook

Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania stake president

double jacket stereo album, live feb. 27, 1970, during eastern atlantic states mission,

mormon cultural series concert tour, at Washington, d.c; introductory price, all four

sides, $5, plus S$fe handling... order records, concert information: L. A. B. productions,

p. o. box 121, university station, provo, Utah 84601

Family Reminiscences of CCA # "As youth we used to hear our parents and rela- "People used to tease him, but he always took it tives talk and laugh for what seemed hours about in good humor. In fact, he told stories about himself

CCA stories. They ahvays told the story of his to make lessons for other people. Grandchildren

crossing the plains in 1865. He tvas on his ivay remember how soft his hands were when he patted

to Norway on his second mission and was in a their cheeks. He was really a scholarly, literary

company of about 50 men and that many horses man, out of place in rough farm work. But the good

and mules. Each night a different man stood thing about him was that he tried. He did his share

guard, protecting the animals and keeping them of the hard work, too."

from straying. When his turn came, although he

apparently had not informed the group that he m—

ivas quite nearsighted and hard of hearing, he thought it his duty to take his turn. Thus, he

placed himself so that he could see his white mule, and kept a faithful watch during the night. But

ivhen daylight appeared, he found that he had "One day in Ephraim he was walking down the only been watching a large white rock on the main street, bent over a little so, I suppose, he could hillside. The herd was nowhere to be seen. It took see the ground better. His cane was in front of him,

some hours to round up all the horses and mules."but apparently he couldn't see where he was going,

because he bumped into a tree. He must have

thought it was a plump lady, because I can remember him stepping back quickly, taking off his hat, and saying, 'Good morning, Sister!'"

4.,,.;: w.

"I can see in my mind many memories of Grandpa "When he went lecturing with his panorama, he

CCA while I was in my teens. I remember him paintalways took another man with him. He let the

ing. He was so nearsighted that he would get down other man drive the team, partly because he would

about six or eight inches from his work, sometimes get involved in his thoughts and absentmindedly right down to the canvas, in order to paint."get himself into difficulties. He wore a bearskin

coat on these trips, and heated rocks and blankets to keep the cold away. His wife would bake enough

cookies to fill a wash tub or a pillow case, and he would take them along to munch on."

"In later years he became quite hard of hearing. Once he was asked to close sacrament meeting with prayer, but he thought "/n his lectures he would have the people sing

he had been asked to preach. So he gave a hymns about the scene—whether it was the First

sermon instead of a prayer. Apparently it Vision or some other scene. He would tell what

was a long one, too. The family was really he had learned from witnesses who had been

embarrassed, but it didn't bother him any. there. Usually by the time he had finished, the

He said people needed to listen more anywhole congregation would be in tears. People

way. "really loved his message and testimony."O

Era, May 1970 31 To see to it that ten children and their parents all had their baths on Saturday night was no small project. But the new "monkey stove"certainly was an

improvement over heating water in pans on the old coal stove.

Each of the younger children took his turn as She

Mother, on bended knee, scrubbed our sometimes unwilling skin and carefully inspected the final results. Now, nearly a half century later, it is all too

apparent that Mother not only scrubbed our skinScrubbed she also scrubbed clean our souls for the Sabbath.

How well I remember her story of Indians coming to the door when just two little girls were home withOur Souls Dr. Lindsay R. Curtis, bishop of Weber State College (Utah)

By Dr. Lindsay R. Curtis Second Ward, is a practicing gynecologist, and a nationallysyndicated newspaper columnist on medical problems.

their mother (my mothers grandmother). What of life we live the degree of reward or punishment we

should they do? But of course, they put their trust will receive?

in the Lord as they knelt in prayer before opening Mother didn't have to tell us how important the the door of the log cabin. "block teachers"were in our lives. The fact that everyLooking around the cabin, the Indians must have one left what he was doing to give them full attention

known that the women were all alone and unproand respect spoke for itself. If there had been teletected, yet they took only the food that was given them vision in that day, it would have been the first thing

and went on their way, leaving the children and their to be turned of. Next to the bishop, the home teachers

mother unharmed. were looked upon as the closest and most important

I remember Mother's pioneer version of the piggy friends the family had.

bank—a gray handknitted mitten with a green edge Never was an unkind word spoken about the bishop

around it that she used as a child to save her tithing, or any other authority. Small wonder, then, that we

penny by penny. After what seemed an eternity to grew up to love the brethren and respect their counsel.

her childmind, she finally had saved ten cents, which Compassion and sharing became part of our lives.

she proudly took to the bishop to start her name on the We always had enough Sunday dinner to take welltithing rolls of the Church. With this beginning, the stacked plates of food to some of the elderly widowers

little gray mitten began to "open the windows of in the ward, whom Mother had adopted when she heaven"for this little girl, as the Lord poured down was Belief Society president. Nor were they dropped

his blessings so great that she scould scarcely receive from the family after her release. Their larders were

them. As the contents of the mitten grew, so did the kept full until they died.

faith of the little girl. Faith in the priesthood came in the form of a

Learning thrift as well as good management, she neverto-beforgotten experience. Our sister lay serialways seemed to have sufficient money for things ously ill, having taken a sudden turn for the worse.

that were important. Doors opened for an education. Father was temporarily unavailable, as were the other

Other doors opened to qualify her as a teacher. Melchizedek Priesthood bearers.

Later, as this little girl married, the mitten continued In the yard were two men who were constructing 'to treasure the Lord's tenth, as my father and mother a fence around our home. Mother quickly approached

struggled to secure a home and a family. Eventually them to ask if they held the Holy Priesthood. They did,

their blessings became so great that the little gray but they felt too inexperienced to perform the immitten could no longer hold the tenth. But it had portant ordinance of administering to the sick.

served its purpose. Not only had it taught the little "Come with me quickly. I have some consecrated

girl this important law of the tithe, but its lesson had oil and I'll tell you what to say,"said Mother. And

also been handed down to more than one hundred of she did. Nor did any of us forget her lesson in faith,

her descendants. nor the importance and power of the priesthood.

I remember Mother's taking a stick in her hand Mother's method for handling difficult problems and breaking it with ease. Then, taking ten sticks and Was direct. Standing erect in front of a mirror, she

tying them together, she demonstrated how unbreakwould look herself straight in the eyes. "All right,"

able they were. she would say, "which is greater, you or the problem?"

"If you ten children will let love and loyalty bind The answer was obvious.

you together, your strength will be as the strength of Yes, Mother scrubbed our souls as she scrubbed our a hundred,"mother explained. The sticks and their bodies. How can we ever repay her for helping to

binding have continued to be our family coatof-arms. prepare us for eternal life? I'm not sure, but one

A type of justice against which no one could argue thought comes to mind:

was the kind Mother meted out as she taught us right On several occasions when God the Father introfrom wrong. The offender was always sent to cut his duced his Son, Jesus Christ, he pointed to him with

own willow. Mother knew full well that we sensed justifiable pride as he said: "This is my beloved Son,

our guilt. Our conscience was such that each of us in whom I am well pleased."

pretty well brought back the size willow we deserved Can we ask more than that our mothers might say for punishment. And don't we determine by the type the same about us? Q

Era, May 1970 33 this tire save How can you money on gasoline?

The Amoco.120 SS Radial Oval.

The AMOCO 120 SS Radial Oval Tire But the AMOCO 120 SS Radial Oval's is somethin'else. It can save you tread, because of the tire's 6-layer 2- Radial ply tires give better traction on

money on gasoline. You actually need ply, 4-belt construcany kind of road surface wet or dry.

less gasoline to run your car when you tion, doesn't "scrub"The performance and handling chardrive on a set of AMOC0 120 SS Radial as vigorously and, as acteristics of a radial ply tire are far

Oval Tires. a result, there is less superior to ordinary tires.

Here's tires why. biasbelted The ply tires Radial better, provide you frictiontance. and roll resisget like this. on a work new car There rides and smoother stable more at high

four layers,are actuply layersally two and Because there is less roll resistance, speeds.

two belted layers. And you use less horsepower to roll yourself Radial ply tires are more resistant to

the cords embedded along. Up to 16.5% less punctures.

horsepower than biaslayer are arin each doesn't car Your "skitter"on ridges or tires belted in actual at toranged angles in road. the

tests. your tracks another. And whenone

less radial ply tires engine uses are longwearing. And the cords Because are at angles to horsepower, use you

other, the treadeach 120 Radial Oval Tire SS The AMOCO less gasoline.

squirms or "scrubs"is somethin'else: It's the tire that

against the pavement promises to save you money on gasocausing friction when In addition to saving you money on line. In one short year the AMOCO 120

you drive. The scrubgasoline, the AMOCO 120 SS Radial SS Radial Oval tire has gained enthusibing makes the tire Oval has a lot of other things going for it. astic acceptance. Now you know why.

more resistant to roll—

which makes your car use more horsepower to roll itself somethin'else along. from the people who are

AMERICAN

1970, The American Oil Company, Chicago, ifSfisif-.,

i.8p| CAN LOVE BE THIS?LESSBy Patricia B. BrowerTHAN

Illustrated by Ralph Reynolds lay on his back, arms in apology, through the glass window that separated in feebly waving son. against the leaned forehead her She from the motherHe

incuof the warm air child. tiny to get the nearer as if cool pane

bator. Ten tiny toes and ten Suddenly Karen became aware of a movement relong narrow fingers moved in flected in the window and realized that she had been

the air, reminding Karen of a murmuring aloud. She looked around with an emwee monkey. Shocked by this barrassed explanation on her lips, but no words were

sacrilegious thought of her uttered as she saw the figure that stood at the window.

firstborn, she took a sudden It was a young man, tall and thin. His shoulder blades

breath and felt her face grow were sharply defined beneath his thin plaid shirt.

warm. She found herself His trousers were a faded blue denim, and the cuffs

murmuring endearments, as if drooped over scuffed brown shoes. Karen saw that

his face and hands were rich reddishbrown, and his hair, which grew down about his ears and neck, was midnight black. The man must have felt Karen's

curious gaze, as he moved his dark head slightly in her direction and chocolate brown eyes gazed into startled blue. Karen, ashamed that she had been

caught staring, began to smile, but the head turned back to the window, and the brown eyes searched the glassenclosed area, finally resting on a basket in the middle of the nursery.

Karen glanced at the basket, catching sight of tiny arms, as dark as those of the man who watched intently at the window. Standing on tiptoe, she saw a

small brown face, completely unlined, crowned by the thickest thatch of black hair she had ever seen on a newborn. Jack had told her, she remembered, on one

of the many times he had reminisced about his mission experiences, that many Indian children were born with thick black hair. This abundance of dark hair confirmed in her mind that this was one of the race of

people her young husband had come to love on his mission. Karen remembered how she had feigned interest in his stories and, it seemed to her, endless

snapshots of the Indian people. But Jack could sense

her lack of interest; he had gazed at her for a moment,

as though studying her, and then had gathered up his pictures and placed them in his box of mission mementos. As she remembered now, Karen made a silent

vow to try to understand and appreciate these children of God—Indian Israel, as Jack often called them.

She looked at the young man once more. Suddenly

she realized he was standing motionless at the window.

Although he gazed intently at the child, his face showed no expression. Unlike most new fathers, he

made no cooing noises, nor did he tap on the window in a vain attempt to turn little blurry eyes in his direction. He just stood very still and gazed.

Surely he's just a little excited, she mused. Then

she added, a little indignantly, Jack had better look a little more like a new father!

With that thought, she turned back to her own child. Had she watched the man for only a few more

Era, May 1970 37 moments, she would have detected knuckles clenched to disappointment and pain. Soon they could feel at

tightly, brown eyes squeezed tight for a fleeting moease alone together, and dreams were shared once ment, and slender throat working as though he were more. And the months continued to pass.

swallowing hard. These revealing signs she had not One warm day in April, when the daffodils began

seen, as with the impatience of youth she dismissed to open their fragrant yellow blossoms, Karen felt an the unfamiliar from conscious thought. almost uncontrollable desire to hold new life in her

After Jack and Karen took the baby home from the arms. It had been four years since she had felt the

hospital, she began to be caught up in the exhilarating wonder of new creation. Fear began to dwell in her

excitement of nourishing and protecting a life of her heart, and every new baby blessed in fast meeting own creation. She often seemed to be mesmerized became an object of envy and yearning. She did not

by her mother role, and her heart grew fat on the speak of this to Jack, but his gentle eyes read it in love she felt for her firstborn child. her every action. A plan of love started to form in

Weeks rolled into months, and almost too soon little his heart.

John was a year old. His first birthday was one neither It was on a warm May evening that Jack spoke.

Karen nor Jack would ever forget. Jack had come 'Wouldn't a little girl be nice?"he observed innohome from classes looking as though he could not cently. He pretended not to notice the little gasp

contain his excitement. Karen could not get him to of surprise and went on. "There's something about a

tell her the news until after they had blown out the little girl that makes a man feel strong and important."

candle on the birthday cake. Johnny had been playing He sighed, a little more dramatically than the moment

in the cake, smearing it into his mouth and over his called for. Karen was very quiet beside him. Her eyes

face. Karen and Jack had laughed at him for a few were full of visions of pink lace and soft, blonde curls.

moments and then Jack had said, a little nervously, Jack put his arm around her shoulders and drew "Honey, how would you like to move onto an Indian her to him. "Karen,"he began, "listen to me very

reservation in a couple of months?"carefully and generously. Remember as I talk to you

Karen had felt a sudden sickness inside, and she that I love you very much."He paused for a moment

had not been able to utter a word. and closed his eyes, as though gathering courage and

Jack, encouraged by her silence, had gone on. "In strength.

a few weeks school will be out; and I have been talk- "We can have a little girl,"he went on eagerly, "and

ing to some men I know in Indian seminaries. They we won't need to wait for her."Karen stiffened for a

need good LDS families to go onto the reservations moment in the warm circle of his arm. "We can have a

to work with the people."With a little touch of little girl who desperately needs the kind of gentle,

pride, he stated, "They asked me to go into a new area sweet mothering you can give her,"he said, "a little to start a seminary program. Honey, wouldn't it be girl who needs the kind of spirituality you possess.

wonderful?"Look, darling."With his right hand he drew a picture

Anger had raged through Karen's heart, and tears from his back pocket and held it before her eyes. It

had flooded her eyes as she swung around to face was the portrait of a girl, standing before a crude her shocked husband. dwelling. The eyes of the child drew Karen's re-

"You don't even care about us,"she cried. "You luctant attention. They were enormous. They seemed

couldn't care, if you ask us to live under such miserable to fill most of the dark face, and the expression in conditions!"She began to gasp with uncontrollable them defied interpretation. Karen could feel a

anger and distress. "I've seen those pictures of yours—reluctant response begin to grow in her heart, as she

the way those people live and look. You will not force took the picture, her eyes fastened on the tousled

our son to grow up living under those conditions!"head. It would be black, she thought, thick and unShe had been sobbing uncontrollably by the time her ruly like Johnny's.

bitter words had ended, and she did not see the deep Suddenly a memory tugged at her mind—another

lines of disappointment and pain etched across Jack's head, covered with shining black hair, and attached face. Nor did she see his gentle hands clench into to a wriggling body, arms, and legs. As though he

tight fists as he fought to control his emotions. She stood before her again, Karen saw the young man

had fled into the bedroom and let the scalding tears clenching his slender dark hands. An expression of

flow unrestrained. longing, pleading, and yes, even pride, struck her

The crisis passed, and although they did not dissoul. The vision faded, and she drew a deep breath.

cuss it, it was evident to both of them that the subject Jack's voice broke anxiously through her reverie.

had been forever dropped. The strained atmosphere "Karen, somewhere on the reservation, a little girl

was slowly dissipated by the ability of youth to adjust stands in front of her home, breathing the tangy air

of a May morning on the desert. Perhaps she is on and it was with no little pride that she received the

her way to the sheep corral to take the sheep out into news that they had been found worthy. The foster

the desert land, where she will guard them until they placement worker had assured them that it was almost return at dusk. She may be only eight years old, but a certainty that they would receive a girl. He hadn't

already she bears this burden of responsibility. Her been able to promise that she would be eight years

heart will not be heavy as she follows the sheep, but old, but he did promise they would be happy with as light as that of any eightyear-old child on a warm their selection.

May day."As the summer days flew, so did Karen's nimble

Karen knew that Jack could see these things as he fingers. She converted the unused guest room into a

spoke, for his gray eyes grew smoky and dreamy. How cozy bedroom, with new pink paint and pink and

beautiful the words were, and Karen realized that her white curtains. Yards of material lay in the bottom

sweetheart was even more sensitive and kind than drawer of the dresser, waiting for a size and a little girl she had believed. Her free hand stole over to his and to adorn, Several times a day, Karen would tiptoe

clutched it tightly. into the room, breathless with pleasure at her handi-

"There is one thing this desert child cannot have,"work and with anticipation and excitement at the

Jack went on. "There is something that perhaps only the thought of its expected occupant,

you and I can give her. You see,"he said softly, At last the week arrived when they were to meet

"this little girl was the only member of her family their little girl. Karen tried to review and memorize

whom we were able to baptize. She lives 20 miles all the information she and Jack had received at the'

from the nearest Latterday Saint chapel, and the mismany meetings the prospective parents had attended, sionaries no longer tract her area. She is very much She could see again the inspiring movies they had

alone, and so young."been shown explaining the program—its problems and

As Karen held the picture in her trembling hand and its rewards. She had reread the Book of Mormon,

gazed with misty eyes at the child, an almost unbearfascinated and engrossed with its history and propheable sense of shame and remorse swept through her. cies. The word Lamanite no longer was a term used

Perhaps it was the memory of the pleading eyes of a to designate a people of long ago; suddenly it became

thin young man. Perhaps it was simply the gentle to her a nation struggling for light and redemption

voice of motherhood whispering to a daughter of God. just miles from her own home. Karen had read, with

With heart pounding and voice choked with tears, tears in her eyes, the prophecies and promises made she whispered, "How can we help her, Jack? I want to the Lamanites, thrilling to the knowledge that she,

very much to—"a daughter of Ephraim, was playing her role in being

Jack clasped her to his breast, excitement and relief "a nursemaid to the Lamanites."She had trembled as

evident in his voice. "We may not be able to help this she read powerful words prophesying that those who

girl, but perhaps one like her. Karen, you know about neglected and denied this people would be conthe Church's Indian placement program. I spoke to demned by God himself.

one of the men in charge about the possibility of our Yes, it had been a very revelatory training period, taking a little girl into our home. He said that if we and Karen hoped she was ready to meet the test,

were both in agreement, he would consider us."Yet deep inside nagged a small voice: Was it possible

Suddenly Karen and Jack were both laughing with that she could not win the trust and affection of this excitement. Johnny, hearing their laughter, left his shy creature? Oh, she was prepared for shyness, but

play to run to them, excited because they were. what if the sharp eyes of the child should detect in-

"Johnny,"Jack shouted, "how would you like a big sincerity or insecurity in her actions? Mighty prayers

sister?"Jack had not been so excited about anything poured forth from her heart.

since Johnny's birth. It was too late to turn back now, The longawaited day had finally arrived. At last

Karen thought. ready, they all stood handin-hand in the living room.

During the next few months, Karen was caught up Then, almost as one, they sank to their knees and in a whirlwind of preparations for the addition to their Jack offered a prayer of gratitude and a plea for family. A representative of the placement program success.

came to see them early in the summer. Karen was a The meetinghouse was crowded with waiting

little shocked when he mentioned that he must defamilies. Karen could see the children clustered totermine if they were worthy to take an Indian child gether at the front of the hall. Many of them were

into their home. She had never even considered the already milling about, greeting old acquaintances and

possibility they might be denied a child. Somehow returning to their former foster parents. The new ones

it seemed to throw a different light on the situation, crowded together in a tight group, smaller children

Era, May 1970 39 clinging to the older ones. he whispered loudly, "I brought you a welcome home

The meeting began, and parents were introduced to present."Digging into his pocket, he brought forth a

children. One by one, shy girls and boys were enhandful of marbles. "I won them for you from my best

folded into waiting arms. At last, Jack's name was friend,"he declared proudly, as he held them out

called, and Karen felt her heart jump into her throat. to her.

Then the voice came again—"Serena Yazzi, these are For a moment, the girl looked at him, fear and

your parents"—and a slender girl raised her head. suspicion in her eyes; and then, with great relief, Karen

"Would you come forward and take Serena, please?"saw a smile creep into the dark eyes and tug at the

Karen followed Jack up the aisle. silent mouth. A small hand came forth and closed over

Serena came slowly forward and stood awkwardly the extended marbles, and a pact of friendship was before them. Johnny could contain his excitement no sealed. The eyes then moved to Karen's face, waiting

longer, and with a shout designed for all to hear, he for a sign. With arms stretched wide and heart full of

exclaimed, "This is my big sister!"He ran to her side, love and joy, Karen whispered, "Welcome home, my

grasping her hand in his. Then looking up at the girl, little girl."The sweet adventure had begun. O

TheLDS Scene

lilfliiiiii HKiiiHiiWiii mufflfflfUHi MiiitJ Imnlllllliin imiimminii iimmti itnm itiitiiiiiulf

Brigham Young "Forest Farm"Home Restored

The "Forest Farm"home of Brigham Young City. At the farm, which originally covered

so named because of a grove of trees on the farm—has an area of about one square mile, the first alfalfa

been restored by the Church as a visitors center. was grown in the valley and experiments were

The white and pink home is located at 732 Ashton Avenue, conducted in growing mulberry trees and silkworms.

some four miles southeast of downtown Salt Lake President Young often spent three days a week at the farm.

AllChurch Basketball Champions

More than 1,000 participants and 80 teams participated in the recent allChurch basketball championship games. The winners: Edgehill (Salt Lake City)

2nd Ward defeated Clearfield (Utah) 2nd Ward, 8473, in the M Men division; Oak Hills (Provo, Utah)

5th Ward defeated Arlington (California) Ward, 6056, in the Ensign division; and BYU 79th Ward defeated

University of Utah 6th Ward, 7666, in the college division. Winners of the sportsmanship award

were: Baldwin Park (California), M Men division;

Cedar City (Utah) 7th, Ensign division. Winners of the

most valuable player awards were: Francis Nielson,

Edgehill 2nd, M Men; Robert Dyer, BYU 79th,

College; and Wayne Hintze, Oak Hills 5th, Ensign.

Federal Water Resources Council. An engineer

who has spent 23 years in water resources planning, Brother Maughan is also a source of inspiration to all who know him: he

has been confined to a wheelchair for 15 years as a result of bulbar

poliomyelitis.

College Superintendent

Dr. Orville D. Carnahan

of the Davenport (Iowa) Ward has been appointed superintendent of Eastern Iowa Community College at Davenport, Awards in Sports Presented at BYU Iowa.

Five wellknown Latterday Saint figures in sports recently received from Brigham Young University the

David 0. McKay award for athletic excellence.

In addition, one of the five, Harmon Killebrew (above), the American League's most valuable baseball Cultural Center Chairman player of 1969, was awarded the exemplary manhood award. Sister Alice Marriott of

Brother Killebrew, infielder for the Minnesota Twins, the Chevy Chase (Maryland) has made several remarkable comebacks in his Ward has been baseball career, and only he and Babe Ruth have ever hit appointed by President 40 or more home runs for seven or more seasons. Richard M. Nixon as

Other recipients of the David 0. McKay award chairman of the 58member

for athletic excellence were Gene Fullmer, former advisory committee for middleweight professional boxing champion of the world; the John F. Kennedy

Vernon Law, winner of the Cy Young award in 1960, Federal Water Leader Center for the Performing when he was a pitcher for the Pittsburgh Pirates W. Don Maughan of the Arts. The committee will

baseball team; Billy Casper, professional golfing's golfer La Sierra (California) Ward advise the center's board

of the year in 1966 and 1968; and L. Jay Silvester, has been named of trustees on cultural

a world record holder in the discus. executive director of the activities.

Era, May 1970 41 Buy One Book Get One FREE FOR JOINING BEEHIVE BOOKCLUB (Purchase $4.95 and choose any $3 Book Free!) The Man

I Remember Best By George Durrant

The ward into which we moved Church. When our oldest son besome some months ago is rapidly came a deacon, this man came by

winning its way into our hearts. I to offer congratulations.

suppose the memory of the old When I had to go out of town on ward that was so dear to us will business, he phoned my home each

SPIRITUAL ROOTS OF fade as the experiences of the new day to inquire about the wellbeing

OF HUMAN RELATIONS ward become part of our lives. But of my family. Each week as we

$4.95 20 MORMON CLASSICS: I shall always remember the happientered the chapel, he sought us

How many of these best selling classics ness we knew in the ward from out and shook hands with us. Once

do you have?

1. Missionary Bible f 5.50 which we just moved. when I was sick, he and another

2. Missionary Triple Combination 11.00 There were so many good people. brother came to our house and ad-

3. Marvelous Work & Wonder 1.95 We always felt our children were ministered to me. He often knelt 4. the Christ Jesus 2.50* -Talmage

5. Articles of FaithTalmage 2.95* in the best classes in the Church, with our family and prayed with us.

6. House of the 2.95* LordTalmage

7. Teachings of Joseph Smith 3.95 because we knew and loved their He never preached to us, al-

8. Essentials in Church History 5.95 teachers. I was continually thrilled though the way he listened to us

9. Answers to Gospel Questions 5 vols. 3.25 ea.* to sit with my fellow high priests made us want to do better. He 10. D&C Commentary 4.95

11. Meet the MormonsGreen 2.95 under the direction of inspiring wasn't known as a master teacher

12. Discourses of Brigham Young 4.95

13. Gospel Ooctrine-J. F.Smith 4.95 men. Our bishop was a pillar of nor as a great scholar, but from

14. Art of HomeMakingHoole 4.25 strength to us, and we always had a and through him we felt strength

15, Hist, of Comprehensive 6 ea. Church vols. 4.50

16. vols. of 7 Documentary Hist, Church ea. genuine feeling that he loved us and wisdom. He radiated a spirit 4.50

17. Discourses of Joseph Smith 4.95 and most importantly that he that caused us to respect and to

18. Highlights in Life of Pres. McKay 4.95 wanted the very best for us. trust him. It wasn't what he said 19. Mormon DoctrineMcConkie 6.95

20. Book of Mormon DigestHawkes 4.50 But there was a man who lived in that influenced us as much as what

OTHER SELECTIONS: our ward, and it is he that I rehe was.

21 the Best Out of Books Vol.V Special 3.00* member best. He came into our When he came to see us, one of

Vols.22. outof-print) 2, 3 (1 ea * 1.95 & 4

23. BeginningsPearson 2.50* home often. When he came, he his two Aaronic Priesthood sons

24. Ancient ApostlesMcKay 2.95* called each of our children by name came with him. He loved his sons.

25. Just a MinuteLandau 5.50

26. Spiritual Roots of Human and talked to them individually. He Our children liked to have them

Relations—Covey 4.95 listened carefully to whatever they come and talk about sports and

*Suggested Free Choices said. They knew he cared about swimming.

ORDER OTHER BOOKS IN ERA! them. Before we moved, we had a

When our babies were blessed, picnic on our back lawn. He came

IteehiVe IJookclub he stood with me in the circle of with his family; he was our honored

St. 626 "H"priesthood men. As our children guest. He brought homemade ice Salt Lake City, Utah 84103

approached the age to be baptized, cream with peaches in it. As we

Please enroll as and send a member me me a free he talked to them about the imshook hands to say goodbye, tears catalog. I agree return to the "Review each Card"

month or else purchasethe"Feature Book"for that portance of this great ordinance. As came to the eyes of both of us.

every Formonth. of nondiscounted books $20 they went down into the waters, he Yes, I remember with fond

will receive a lam purchasing FREE $4.95I BOOK!

now and will receive a $3 book free for joining. was there as a witness and rejoiced memories our former ward. I reper person! (For postageOne and handling add 25 with us. His hands were placed member so many of the people

I In ordered.per book tax.) Utah add 4 1/2% sales

have enclosed $ for the above circled books: upon their heads along with mine as there. But the man I remember

Print Name I confirmed them members of the best was my home teacher. O

Address

City State.. Zip. 42 Era, May 1970

The Era f Ifbtmtlk May 1970 Marion D. Hanks, Editor

Elaine Cannon, Associate Editor 43

Prfemngd Mmt& smd.

Preferred men, they call them—preferred because among grow. [Joel was an assistant to

them they have all the qualities girls hope for. They represent the the president of the Francopriesthood, the strength, the leadership, the security, the exciteBelgian Mission.]

ment, and the wisdom of the ideal boy. At Brigham Young UniTom: I wrote all my letters in the

versity, a preferred man is honored at a banquet and a ball, and form of a diary, and I can refer the sponsorivig 'campus organization is proud when its man is back to them any time and feel presented at any key function. great. [Tom was assistant to the

One of the biggest honors these young men had was the opporpresident of the Argentine Mistunity of meeting with President Joseph Fielding Smith in his sion.]

office. Sister Smith was present too, and with these two inspiring Jock: I have a great desire to go

people the young men talked of eternal marriage, finding the right on a mission. I hope I will be

girls, and building the preferred life. worthy to tell people about the

To help you know how such young men feel on a variety of gospel.

subjects, we asked Carolyn Pearce of BYU to interview them.

How would you describe your ideal girl?

Jock: She must have a sincere

What is your greatest source of What are your significant plans love for the gospel and the same motivation? Why? for the future? goals as I.

R.Q.: Family home evening—Joe: To go on a mission and to Bill: She must be really dedimainly because those in my fill my military obligation. cated to the Lord's work.

apartment are so close. Mike: To finish my education Cam: She must be willing to

Tom: What other people think of and become a doctor. Temple make the commitment in her

me. marriage and family are imlife to live the principles of the

Joel: Memories of my mission portant plans of my future. gospel.

and working at the Language Tom: I want to finish school, to Steve: She has to be able to love

Training Mission. go into law practice, and to the Lord and me, be full of enRene: The fact that I am a work with the Indian people. thusiasm, and support me in

Lamanite and very proud of my Joel: To get a station wagon and any calling that I may have in

heritage. fill it with kids. the Church.

Rene: To go on a mission in Mike: A beautiful girl (based on

What influence do you think your September, then return to finish my personal evaluation) is one family has had on your position school. I want to get married in who has a personality that

now? the temple and have lots of kids. radiates. This comes from livBill: They have always trusted I would like to work in the ing the gospel. She must be

me, especially my dad. [Bill Church and be close to the someone who would make me

was the first in his family to join Lord. work to all my potential

the Church.] Joe: She would, of course, have

Cam: My parents have given me What influence has your mission to live for an eternal life. She

a trust, have let me take the had on your life? [All those of age would have to love me and I

steps of becoming a part of the have been on missions, and sevlove her in return. She has to

Church, and have supported eral have served as assistants to support me in everything.

me in it. [Cam's family are not their mission president. Those who Rene: My ideal girl is one with

members of the Church.] have not been on missions have whom I can work together until

Steve: They could always get plans to serve in the future.] we reach the point of being

me to do what they wanted me Dave: The things I learned there ideal to each other. She has to

to do without telling me how to have helped me fill my potential be a good mother, someone who do it. They have set the exspiritually. [Dave was an ashas a desire for marriage in the

ample. sistant to the president of the temple for time and eternity,

Tom: My dad's trust in me. My Italian Mission.] someone who loves me more

parents taught me the imporJoel: It has been the greatest inthan she loves herself. As for

tance of prayer, which is very fluence in my life. It gave me me, I will try to be the ideal

important to me. the opportunity to change qnd man.

R.Q.: She must be complemendifferent levels. We must be able work and Church callings.

tary rather than competitive, to work well together. Dave: I'm looking for someone

and someone with a strong Tom: A man is nothing by himwho really enjoys living, has a

testimony. self—he is only half a person. I fine appearance, and is able to

Joel: The important factor that I want someone who just loves apply gospel principles. Toam looking for in a wife is supme. She will have to be very gether we can be a team in

port. I need someone with worthy, love me very much, and achievement, successful with a

whom I can communicate at be willing to support me in my family and eternal life.

About the preferred men:

Rene Alba—Reared in Piedras Negras, Mike Cosgrave—Premedical student man baseball team; plans to finish

Mexico; member of the Brigham with a goal of being a pediatrician; his education in dentistry.

Young University International Folk Sunday School superintendent in R. Q. Shupe—Working with the LanDancers. BYU 91st Ward. guage Training Mission in preparing

Steve, Andersen—An honor student; Tom Howard—Head yell leader; memlessons for South African missionhas attended the Church College of ber of a capella choir and Cougar aries; freshman class cabinet.

Hawaii; president of the Spanish Club. Dave Smith—Sunday School instrucClub; vicepresident of his dormiJoe Liljenquist—BYU football team tor in BYU 78th Ward; sophomore

tory; majoring in English with a kicker and defensive end; sophopre-medical student.

Spanish minor. more in anthropology. Jock Steed—David 0. McKay Scholar;

Cam Caldwell—A 23year-old senior Joel C. Peterson—From Madison, Wis- U.S. Senate Youth Program deleEnglish major from Park Ridge, consin; honor student; member of gate and winner of a Hearst FounIllinois; yell leader; student body Blue Key and Psi Chi. dation Scholarship; Honors Program

vicepresident of athletics. Bill Shipp—Member of BYU freshstudent advisory council.

Era, May 1970 45,wiry@5m(B Ib taHMimg afeMt LcomgMetfte

Below, left to right:

Ann Weidner, Allyson Clawson, Becky Tfiayne, Rebecca Marriott, Keri Peterson.

Opposite page: Wendy

Nelson.

Tdmit

'be

a Wdn

foxgMffii

Era, May 1970 47 In an age when the "popular"thing to do has He's eitherTOweird or has some weird religious affiliataken perhaps its most seductive form, it is refreshtions,'said George Queen, junior physics major and ing and highly invigorating to note the examples of parttime bartender."

young people who are ready, even eager, to stand The article found, as a result of interviews with and be counted for their convictions. The persistent faculty and students, that drinking is accepted and

flaunting before the eyes of youth of the socalled predominates among students, even minors. It

desirability of alcohol, drugs, and narcotics as a stated, "In a drugoriented society, students are enmeans of "escape to freedom"is unquestionably couraged toward drinking. If one can't sleep, take a

taking heavy toll. It requires constant alertness and pill. Trouble getting up? Take a pill. Television

discernment to understand these enticements for commercials encourage this attitude. Drinking prowhat they are, plus strength of character and the vides a means for social interaction by helping the

courage of conviction to withstand them. individual to drop the mask that he carries."

Do the principles of the gospel supply the direcThe article was too much for one student, a senior tions to achieve these requirements? Is Mormonism in business administration. George B. Harmon,

a truly practical, livable way of life? Or is it merely former missionary to Scotland, who is majoring in

a naive set of Pollyannaish standards of idealism? the graphic arts and will be graduated this spring,

One young man has found the answer. And like promptly wrote the editor. He soon found his letter

Paul of old he has been unafraid to be counted. published on the editorial page:

"... I am not ashamed of the gospel of Christ:

for it is the power of God unto salvation."(Rom. "Editor:

1:16.) "My comments are directed to Mr. George Queen

A recent issue of Mustang Daily, student newswhose opinion was stated in the article 'Drinkers paper of California Polytechnic College, carried as its Campus Majority.'He was quoted as saying, 'It's a

lead on the front page an article with a banner headpretty sad individual who doesn't drink. He's either

It began thus: weird or has some weird religious affiliation.'line: "Drinkers—Campus Majority."

"In the world today, there has been a change of "Those are pretty strong words. I don't drink,

emphasis in the attitude held on the college campus and I'm far from sad. My religion teaches against

concerning the student and alcohol. drinking and I don't think that's weird at all. It's just

"The drinking of liquor is well established. good, common sense. I am a member of The Church

"Where the problem lies for many students is how of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints (Mormon) and does the nondrinker find social acceptance in a this organization, along with many other religious drinking environment? organizations, teaches against alcohol because it is

"'It's a pretty sad individual who doesn't drink. bad for the body.

"This is not the only reason I don't drink. Even if mmtLynn Pope, a high school student from Georgia,

it wasn't against my religion, it is against my judgwrote the following letter to her Congressman, who ment. I have lived long enough and been around was so impressed that he inserted a copy of her

enough to see the effects alcohol has on people. I letter into the United States Congressional Record.

served as a missionary for my church in Scotland for two years, and I'm sure that most people know how "Dear Congressman Blackburn, the Scotsman loves his pint. I have seen what drink

has done both to individuals and families and the "I just finished reading the February 5 issue of detrimental effects it can have on a person's life. I U.S. News and World Report, and I found an article,

challenge Mr. Queen to document any great achieve- 'New Decisions on Prayer and Anarchy,'quite disment that has come about as the direct result of gusting....

man's using alcohol. "Years ago, when Pilgrims came to America, they

"I work part time for the local ambulance comthanked God for this wonderful and prosperous pany, and in over three years on the job there I have land. George Washington prayed to God for guidance

cleaned up many a nasty accident that was the result to lead the nation in the right way.... Men have

of the drinking driver, and believe me, it is not a built this country, stood for it, and died for it, and pretty picture. we are slowly tearing it down. This great country is

"I don't drink because I know it won't do me any truly Godgiven, and we should be thankful for our good. Yet I can go to parties, dinners, and banquets rights as citizens in a great country, but we are not.

with my friends and associates who do drink, and We continue protesting and asking for more freedom have just as good a time. And I dare say they have and burning draft cards and flags, and we are de-

a little respect for me. I know this because people stroying the nation men have lived and died to build.

have told me so. "Is Congress really going to take 'In God We Trust'

"Skid Row in San Francisco and the skid rows of off the U.S. money? Is the word God going to be

any city would be minus many people if they just taken from the pledge of allegiance, out of school hadn't taken that first drink. I, for one, don't want books, and out of important U.S. addresses?

to end up on Skid Row. My life is too precious for "... How can we learn history in school without

that. learning about the God who began this history? How

"I'm glad I don't have to rely on alcohol as a can a nation exist without a God to help it? How can

crutch to escape the realities of life. I love life God help us if we do not even recognize him?...

even with all its problems.

"Sincerely, "George B. Harmon""Lynn Pope, Gordon High School"

Era, May 1970 49 Q Sft\ z

His instructor took over the controls a few feet in the air and brought the big red and white sailplane to a smooth, easy stop at the end of the landing

Matt Arnold, Air Explorer, hesitatingFor Matt, this was the climax of rollout.

ly reached for the red ball towline months of busy activity to prepare for Like 45 other Air Explorers (Boy release knob and gave it a firm pull. these joyous moments of flight. With Scouts of America), Matt Arnold of

"Twang!"The sound of the nylon verbal instructions he handled the conCanoga Park, California, was visiting

towline releasing from the big sailplane trols smoothly, doing coordinated turns the Great Western Soaring School at startled him into a full, alert condition. and seeking a thermal for lift. Too Pearblossom. The nearby mountains

WOW! It seemed as if the big Schweizer soon it came time to return to the sailand desert provide ideal sailplane soar-

2-22E twoplace sailplane had come to plane field. He was instructed to pull ing conditions all year 'round, and the

an abrupt stop in the air! All Matt could the springloaded spoiler control to lose day set aside at the facility for the

hear was the wind whistling by the altitude quickly and smoothly for a boys, ages 1417, to fly sailplanes had canopy and through the wings. The landing approach. finally come.

tow plane had peeled off to the left "That's good, Matt! A little more left How the time had flown by! It had

and was far below. rudder. Hold it! You've got a perfect been just a month since a fullfledged

The view of the Southern California glide path for landing right down the Air Explorer program, under the direcdesert and mountains was breathtaking middle of the runway,"said his intion of the MIA and the Boy Scouts of in the early morning sun. Matt felt his structor. America, had been initiated in Canoga

instructor's hands rest on his shoulders. "Golly!"thought Matt. "Is flying a Park Stake. Matt and his buddies had

"OK, Matt, you've got it,"he said. sailplane really this easy? Man, this is built sailplane models, studied hand

"Man! This is out of sight!"for me!"signals for sailplanes, made plans, and

Chuck Mitchell, pilot, assists John Nielson of Canoga Park Second Ward into the cockpit of J3 Cub restored by Nick Stasinos for a flight.

,;:,,,.,::-%-*-:-::,.>-,- -VT

As you can see, these air Explorers can hardly wait to become airborne.

They are shown "foolin'around"on a World War II B-26 bomber.

worked hard to make this event a aviation careers, radiocontrol model activities oriented to aviationaerospace.

reality. airplanes; (4) building a fullsize airThis Explorer squadron has 45 boys

Matt couldn't help teasing Richard craft under EAA supervision; (5) flight participating. Attendance has jumped

Torgerson about how much he looked training and proficiency (FAA superfrom 10 percent to 90 percent since the like Smilin'Jack, the legendary comic vised). introduction of the program and is

strip pilot. Rich looked really sharp Special flying events and field trips steadily growing. Under the able direcin his air force blue coveralls, silver are scheduled in the near future. A tion of Explorer and Ensign advisers

wings, baseball cap, and white silk special historic aircraft flyin is also Dave Arnold, Fred Nielson, Jim Granger, scarf. Matt tried another approach to planned with the Air Explorers as guests and Tom Baker, a successful program

get Rich's attention. of honor. is being implemented.

"Wow! Wait'll the girls see you!"The boys will build free flight, U- The objective of the program is to

he yelled loudly and clearly for all to control, and radio control model airdevelop a testimony in the heart of hear. planes. Thousands of dollars worth of each boy and to prepare him for the

How did it all begin? As an idea in equipment has already been donated opportunities offered to him in the

the mind of Floyd E. Weston of the for this program by manufacturers. spaceage world of tomorrow. Observers

Canoga Park Stake presidency, who They will also build a fullsize homefeel that a boy involved in this program with Garth Frazier, Scout director, and built aircraft, which will be flown and will be a credit to his family, church,

Mike Riedel of the YMMIA stake board exhibited at Southern California air and nation. It takes lots of hard work

drafted the outline for this dynamic shows. to keep them flying, but when you see

Air Explorer program. It is divided into Numerous other field trips to airline the expressions on the boys'faces

five phases: (1) sailplanes, flight fundafacilities and aircraft factories are also when they become airborne, you know

mentals; (2) powered aircraft, U-control in the planning stages. To date the it was well worth the effort. They're

model airplanes; (3) aerospace and group is booked up for a full year of really off to a flying start! q

Era, May 1970 51 Qualified FAA certified instructors put these boys through their paces.

Volmer Jensen, designer and builder of the amphibian aircraft in the background, is instructing these air Explorers.

Each air Explorer flew his sailplane upon verbal instructions from his instructor. The::: ''"'':.. '. '.';!,'.

instructor, upon the release from the tow plane, placed his hands on the boy's shoulders to let him know that he was in complete control of the big sailplane.

Steve Baker of Woodland Hills Ward gets a briefing by his sailplane instructor prior to towoff.

lit

The Presiding Bishop Talks to Parents About Communication

By Bishop John H. Vandenberg

"... inasmuch as parents have rightly before the Lord."(D&C effectively teach the doctrine of

children in Zion... that teach 68:25, 28.) repentance, or faith and prayer,

them not to understand the docHow do parents teach their or walking uprightly before the trine of repentance, faith in Christ children these great truths? By Lord. The doctrine of repentance,

the Son of the living God, and of loving them and setting the proper for instance, is not taught by baptism and the gift of the Holy example. One of the basic needs harshly judging and rejecting

Ghost... the sin be upon the of all is to be accepted. Parents of youth when they make mistakes.

heads of the parents.... an erring youth must first accept Although parents and children

"And they shall also teach their him as a child of God and love love one another, they may fall children to pray, and to walk uphim as a person before they can into the habit of not really com54 municating. Teenagers, in strivof strength, of course, is their 7:1.) Stephen R. Covey, a Lattering for independence, may turn Heavenly Father. They need to day educator, has warned, "It is

away from parents. Every opporlove and respect themselves as not only immoral to judge, but we

tunity to build communication children of God and, indeed, as are absolutely incompetent to do should therefore be used. partners with God in raising his so without total understanding of

For example, one father exchildren. They were considered the many factors that help to

pressed his appreciation for the worthy to be parents in this dispenformulate a person's point of daily morning drive with his son sation. Otherwise the opportunity view."

to deliver papers, because of the would not be theirs. Youth who feel they are unfairly

avenues of communication that During a recent interview with judged and rejected often react were opened up in the close conhis bishop, a boy expressed his with aggression, hostility, and fines of the family car. Another resentment at "being told to do resentment. Such an attitude

father leaves his car at home on everything."He said he'd rather leaves no room for constructive

Sunday morning so he and his son do things on his own. With skillchange. The door of communicamay enjoy the brisk walk to church ful questioning, the bishop learned tion is closed, for they only open

and the casual conversation that that the boy resented being urged it to those whom they trust not to brings about a closer understandby his mother to get up on Sunbetray them.

ing between them. day morning to go to priesthood It is not surprising, then, that

Most parents truly love their meeting and to attend other young people sometimes find it children. When they criticize and church meetings. Further discuseasier to express their true feelings

judge them, they do it "for their sion revealed that the basis of his to associates of their own age own good."Teenagers often resentment was that his mother rather than to their parents. Their

claim they don't talk to their didn't go. Having married a noncontemporaries may be struggling

parents because they have come member, she possibly felt that she with the same problems, and it is to expect to be criticized. Thus, was maintaining a better relationon this common ground that they

they protect themselves by saying ship with her husband by not atexpect to be understood. On the

only what they think their parents tending her meetings. At the same other hand, it is difficult for youth

want to hear, keeping their real time, she was aware that her to realize that parents also may feelings to themselves. teenage children needed the rehave struggled with similar probMany families lose the opporligious training she had had in her lems.

tunity for communication by own youth. Her efforts were meet- A young man, confused and disspending their spare time watching ing with rebellion. It was apparent oriented after experimenting with

television. The members of a famthat what the boy needed and drugs, recently took his own life,

ily can watch television together, wanted was to have his mother set leaving behind a tape recording in but unless the program calls for the example by going to church. which he expressed his feelings

reaction and discussion, each Jesus said, "Love thy neighwith astonishing clarity. Had he

person might as well be watching bour as thyself."In order to love been able to express himself as

the program alone. others, we must love ourselves. In well to his parents or others who

Some families have developed order to love ourselves, we must loved him, his life might have been the custom of using the dinner accept ourselves as we are, not as spared.

hour as the best time for comwe wish we were. We cannot influParents and leaders can do no

municating. The conversation is ence our children by pretending to greater service than to learn and

skillfully guided by the parents be other than we are. Young practice the skills of communicatasking thoughtprovoking quespeople are not fooled. They know ing with youth, even though it may

tions. The period becomes one of us for what we are. Our accepting sometimes be a difficult process.

learning and enjoyment for all our own imperfections and workIt is difficult to open lines of commembers of the family, eliminating ing to overcome them will open munication with teenagers without the bickering that sometimes exthe lines of communication with effective contact having been ists at the table. youth much more effectively than made in earlier years.

Although parents generally realwill living in the dream world of All of us are busy, but let's not ize their responsibility to teach pretended perfection. be too busy for the most important

their children, they sometimes feel The Savior said, "Judge not, task of building good relationinadequate. Their greatest source that ye be not judged."(Matt. ships with our children. o

Era, May 1970 55 FOR OLDFASHIONED HEALTHGIVING GOODNESS Listen for Spring Do you all shout?

CHERRY STONER By Nonee Nolan Uncurling leaves and small unAutomatic cherry bound stoner. to most Clamps Is there a song life sings Buds, do you cry from your outloss any table. of r No

it juice. is Fruit stretched throats? flows ft* As automatically ejected. Out the unseen into the seen? Flowers, are of your petals shaped

Fine rust quality resisting materials. Order now Is there a sound grass makes as like notes?

for the season ahead! it grows? Day, are you drums? Sun, are Only $8.95 Post paid.

Other models available. Is there a music of things you sound?

.40 sales tax in Utah. Turning green? Oh, winter's children, listen for

"CORONA"Does growing ring out spring!

GRAIN MILL fi Like a belfry of bells? It is not only the birds that sing;

"Corona"Grain Roots, as you wake in your unYou are yourself life's trumpetMill, model derground cells, ing.

1CTSP, for use with wheat, corn, nuts, etc. Easily adjusts

for fine or coarse grinding. $11.75 postpaid

west of Rockies. $12.75 "The Spoken Word"from Temple

postpaid east of Rockies. Square, presented and over KSL

to $14.95 postpaid Canada. The Broadcasting System the Columbia

Utah residents 53c tax. add February 22, 1970. 1970.

Extra plates for mills. SpokenWord Corona

$1.95 per set, postpaid.

HOME SIZE STONE GROUND FLOUR MILLS If everyone must watch everyone

By Richard L. Evans

is simple, is a essential, that urgently subject oldfashioned There is credit, honesty. this: simple There is contract, and that no no

no transaction, no situation that is safe without the element of honesty. If no one does what he says he will do, no one could count

on anything. If everyone has to worry about every property, every

possession—watch it, guard it, almost sit on it in a sense, in trying to

hold what he has—the world wouldn't run, and life would approach

the impossible. Nobody can watch everybody all the time. Nobody can

watch anybody all the time. No one can stay awake all the time. No

Grind your own flour!... Eat your

way to better health with an All Grain one has the time, the strength, the ability to protect himself against flour mill. all forms of deception and deceit. No one can know enough in all

Free mill with Corona every AllGrain mill sold. Write for inforthings always to make safe decisions. We have to trust the physician now more

mation. for his prescription, the pharmacist who fills it, the person who makes

Send orders to: things, who sells things and certifies that they are of a certain kind and

SMITHFfELD IMPLEMENT CO. quality. Few of us, for example, could buy a diamond and know what

99 N. Main Smithfield, Utah 84335 it was worth. We have to trust someone. If we can't find a package

where we put it; if goods disappear from the shelves; if a car on the

street isn't safe; if expense accounts are padded; if we can't leave a

piece of equipment with someone to repair, and know he will do only

IN USE FOR OVER 75 YEARS what is needed, and charge only what is fair; if people increasingly

Aids in treatment of simple sore deal in deception, there will be less and less peace and progress. Bethroat and other minor mouth and yond the boldness of robbery, of burglary and embezzlement, any

throat irritations. deception is dishonest: overcharging, getting paid for what we haven't

done, taking what isn't ours, saying what isn't so, pretending what aren't, reporting what we haven't done. In short, if everyone must HALL'S REMEDY we

Salt Lake City. Utah watch everyone, if no one can trust anyone, there is no safety, no

assurance. If it isn't true, don't say it. If it isn't right, don't do it. If it

isn't else, yours, don't return it. take it. If it belongs Honesty to someone ZIBETTIS policy, is not the best only essential but a principle, an absolute and

CAMERA REPAIR for the good and happy living of life.

ORIGENESA. ZIBETTI

68 SOUTH MAIN STREET - ROOM 309 56 Era, May 1970

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH 84101 PHONE (801) 3644147 In these latter days a prophet of the Church. In the film the

God said, "No one can preside calendar is turned to the year 195.1 Portrait over this Church without first being to permit us to be with President

in tune with the head of the McKay during his first general

Church, our Lord and Savior, Jesus conference as the ninth President

Christ. He is our head. This is his of the Church. Of special signifiof a

church,"cance are the occasions when we

The motion picture Portrait of a are privileged to be with him as he

Prophet is about that prophet, bears his testimony from the pulpitProphet David Oman McKay. of the Salt Lake Tabernacle.

In retelling the story of the life Portrait of a Prophet is a rich and and dedicated service of President moving experience for all who view

McKay, the film takes us back to it. As a special feature of a class,

his birthplace, Huntsville, Utah, meeting, or fireside, it may provide more than 20 years before Utah Latterday Saints of all ages with became a state. Through the use the opportunity of becoming more

of still photographs and motion intimately acquainted with a Presipicture sequences, we then follow dent of their church. Highlighting a

his life through boyhood, education, chapel open house or special meetmission to Scotland, and his courting, it can help missionaries teach ship with his young sweetheart, investigators. The film may be orEmma Rae Riggs. We learn of his dered through Brigham Young Uniyears in service in public educaversity or any Church film library.

tion and in the highest councils of Black and White—28 minutes

When a child is about 8 to 15, he begins emerging into the adult he is likely to be—for the rest of his life. You can't buy maturity for him. But you can provide

the OPPORTUNITY. On a GREAT WESTERN YOUTH RANCH. Owned and operated by people who care about your youngster... and the adult he will become.

You can make it fun for him, too, in the inspirational setting of the SierraNevada

Mountains. Northeast of Fresno, California.

Do you want your child to be MORE RESPONSIBLE? Let him have the kind of

responsibility he'll take to—and learn from. Daily care of a horse, his horse to

ride and feed. Let him learn how much fun work and play can be!

MORE LOYAL? Let our ranch give him a greater appreciation of God's natural

handiwork and a greater reason to be loyal to his religion and friends. You also

help him gain a deeper respect for his life, and the world around him.

SELF RELIANT? Let him do things for himself. At a Great Western Youth Ranch

every chore is designed to help him learn self reliance. And to gain the wonderful

knowledge that he need not lean too heavily on others. He will be amazed at

what he can learn to do for himself!

UNSELFISH? One of the first things he or she will learn with us is that a united

team effort means more fun for everyone.

SKILLED? Your youngster can choose from many activities including: nature study,

building bridges, basic survival, back packing, overnight camping, cooking outof-doors, first aid, sbftball, target shooting, approved riding instruction, light rodeo skills and lots more.

HEALTHY? Physical fitness is a watchword at Great Western Youth Ranches.

Every child learns what he needs to know to get into excellent condition—and

stay in condition even after he goes home.

HAPPY? Happiness is a byproduct that comes from forgetting yourself—and participating in the Great Western Youth Ranches'kind of life. Stimulating work and

clean fun. The kind of life that helps a youngster turn into a - young man or woman.

jYes,T amTritereited mlhFGrelrTWeTtem YoliTrTRancheV Prograiir7.7>Tease Tend"

I me full information.

Name Number of children.

Address City State Zip

wiiTiBir toitb nuur - Department IE2.10 Exchange Place, SaltuigbesVyLake City, Utah j\ jf 84111

-oJH

f>

* MM-M -*j*

*".1.

"S

Freda Joan Jensen Lee PromiseA Fulfilled By Mabel Jones Gabbott

Manuscript Editor

Illustrated by Peggy Hawkins

"I, the Lord, am bound when ye do what I say; Quiet and unassuming, gracious in every word

but when ye do not what I say, ye have no promise."and movement is Freda Joan Jensen, who was married

( D&C 82:10. ) She read the words slowly, savoring the to Elder Lee on June 17, 1963. Their home speaks

meaning of each one. Then she paused and said, refinement and culture, reflecting the enjoyment they

"Oh, how true that is! How true!"share in reading and studying, in music and art. Sister

Mrs. Harold B. Lee, wife of the first counselor in Lee pointed with loving pride to the grand piano,

the First Presidency of The Church of Jesus Christ which, she said, was waiting, wrapped in cellophane of Latterday Saints, sat on the long white divan, and a big red satin bow, when they returned home poised and composed in blue and white wool. from a trip following their marriage—a special

Todays Family

wedding gift for her from Elder Lee. Lessons began for her almost as early as her formal

Both Brother and Sister Lee enjoy playing the piano. schooling. She studied piano with Professor Clair

"Music has done much in our church to teach the Reid at seven years of age, and later with Professor gospel,"said Sister Lee, "and in our Mormon music Anthony C. Lund of the Brigham Young University,

are some lovely songs that will live forever."At the Her love of music grew with every year, and today

centennial YWMIA conference in June 1969, Sister her repertoire extends from the familiar strains of

Lee was honored with a gold plaque for her great "Estrellita,"her mother's favorite song, through some contribution to the music of the youth of the Church. popular and many classical pieces, with Chopin always

Music has always been a part of Sister Lee's life. her favorite.

Era, May 1970 59 Sister Lee recalled her childhood home in Provo, take time to listen to our loved ones? What a priviUtah, where stalwart Latterday Saint parents built lege is theirs who mold the lives of little children!"

love and literature, music and sharing of good things When she was a young girl, Freda Joan's plans for into secure family patterns. Her father, Julius Jensen, early marriage came to a tragic end, but her love found

an excellent jeweler who brought his skills to America expression in the home she made for a foster daughter, from the old country, had been a sea captain, and he Geniel (Mrs. Don Rasmussen), and in her association

delighted the children with his stories and knowledge with a young niece, Geraldine (Mrs. Louis H. Callisof the geography of the world. ter). The selflessness of the love Sister Lee feels for

From her mother, Christine H. Thuesen Jensen, all people reaches out to the old as well as to the

Freda Joan learned homemaking arts and womanly young. For example, she remembers with flowers, a

graces and the blessing of unselfish giving. "How card, and a phone call the 92year-old mother of a

many rice puddings and apple pies I have taken to fellow Primary general board member. "I know what

neighbors and ward members,"she said. it means to them,"she said. This thoughtfulness was

Sharing this happy childhood with her sister Edna reflected in the loving care she gave to her stepfather, (Mrs. Gerald Cazier) and her brother, Franklin J. D. Patriarch William D. Kuhre, in his later years. And

Jensen, Freda Joan came to value her mother's oftwith her marriage to President Lee, this love has been spoken words, "Keep close to the Lord."extended to his daughters, Helen (Mrs. L. Brent

As we talked, the telephone rang and the doorbell Goates) and Maurine Wilkins (deceased), and to his buzzed. I followed Sister Lee into the kitchen, where grandchildren.

she checked the beef stew, Elder Lee's favorite dish, Speaking of her work with children, Elder Lee said:

that bubbled invitingly, simmering slowly for a late "She has the key that unlocks many a child's heart. She

dinner. has the ability to teach the teacher this secret. Her

She remembered the story of Martha and Mary conversation with a child is a beautiful thing to hear.

and the visit of Jesus to their home. Martha was Her skill and understanding are born of a lifetime of

"cumbered about much serving,"but Mary sat at the knowledge and application of child psychology. She

feet of Jesus and listened to his words. Sister Lee is constantly reaching out to the child who is not

remembered that even as Jesus loved Martha, he understood."

said that Mary had chosen "that good part."(See Freda Joan Lee's ability to remember people and

Luke 10:4042.) She added, "I often ask myself, Am I their names and her subtle but keen sense of humor

a Martha or a Mary? I wonder how many of us are are remarkable qualities remembered with delight by

housekeepers or homemakers. Do we get bogged those who know her.

down in mundane things of life, or do we remember After receiving her degree in education from Brigthe 'good part'chosen by Mary? Do we ask ourselves, ham Young University, Sister Lee taught school in

What does my home do to the people who live in it? the elementary grades before becoming director of

rather than How do my house and yard look to the elementary education in the Jordan School District.

people who see them? Are we building for eternity? Is She later did graduate work at the University of Utah,

there spiritual depth in place of materialism? Do we the University of California, and Columbia University.

No Trade Name, Hallmark, or Imprimatur

Will Ever Equal This By Evalyn M. Sandberg

Five prior generations of the faithful This way of life exchanges hope for heartache have left me no mementos of the past, and faith for fear, thus strengthening the stride, no cameocrowned soup tureen of Wedgewood so that, wherever I go, I feel assurance nor sturdy copper cup designed to last. that life has purpose, and that order will abide.

And yet my gratitude to them is boundless. And, lest pride stiffen me and make me stumble,

They have endowed me with a thing more real, I'll hold the bequest close and keep it bright—

have handed on a dearly won possession: preserved intact for those who shall come after-

a plan upon which God has set his seal. to pass along, as a good steward might.

She was instructor during summer sessions at the

University of Nevada, the University of Utah, and Temple"The SpokenSquare,Word"presentedfrom

Brigham Young University. Her excellence in her over KSL and the Columposition and in her relationships with teachers and bia Broadcasting System

March 8, 1970. 1970.

supervisors has brought to her signal honors in the field of education. She has been president of the Utah

Association for Childhood Education International and of the Utah State Elementary Supervisors OrganiUntil it was tested zation, and a member of the Association of SuperBy Richard L. Evans

vision and Curriculum Development, the State School is an interesting observation from a personMusic Curriculum Committee, and the Women's There who acquired some equipment, which looked

Legislative Council, acting on the education commitgood until he tried to use it for the purpose tee. She is also a member of Soroptimist Club and Phi for which it was purchased—and then it wouldn't

Kappa Phi and a state founder and life member of work. "The failure,"he said, "was discovered only

1 That is a veryDelta Kappa Gamma. when it was required to perform."

As a teacher of children and a supervisor of teachers incisive sentence. In other words, it looked good

of children, Freda Joan J. Lee believes that the teacher until it was tested. Many theories look good until

who knows and cares about the little ones is the they are tested. Many people look good until they

teacher who will reach them and teach them. are tested. Many seem trustworthy until they are

"In these precious growingup years,"she said, "we tested. Every borrower promises to pay. With every

need to insure that our children are not bankrupt in bride and groom there is an implied promise of faiththings of the spirit. If we care enough, we can work fulness, love, and loyalty. People, principles, philosowonders."phies, theories, beliefs, convictions, all promise, in

Sister Lee has given to teachers and children, as a sense, to solve problems, to stand the test. But

she does to everyone, of her time and herself, believthen comes the testing time: accidents, illness, old

ing that one should keep giving as long as God keeps age, death, the loss of a loved one; unhappiness, degiving to you. pression, some tragedy, some trouble, some temptaHer knowledge and her understanding have given tion—and then we find how workable or unworkable

dimension to her great contribution to the youth and they are—how functional are our philosophies. Any

young people of the Church as she has served them rope will hold when there is no weight on it—but

on both the YWMIA and Primary general boards. we need to know what we can count on when the

Keeping always in mind the perspective of the plan weight is heavy, when sorrows and temptations of life and the promise of the Lord that he is bound and counter purposes are pulling hard against us.

when his people keep his law, Sister Lee could say We need moral and spiritual resources that will hold to young people throughout the world: "Don't live for tight when the test comes. It is tragic to see someyourself. If you do, you will be the loneliest person one carrying around a fragile philosophy that doesn't

in the world. Be willing to strive to become a part of sustain him under such circumstances. And it is

something much bigger than you are. Be willing to tragic to see those who would destroy a sustaining

serve. Keep close to your church and your God. You faith, and put nothing in its place. "Some day, in

cannot control your lifespan, but you can control what the years to come,"said Phillips Brooks, "you will goes into your dayto-day living. You can give breadth, be wrestling with the great temptation, or trembling

width, and depth to your own life."under the great sorrow of your life. But the real

... now it is being decided A neighbor came; Sister Lee had promised to go struggle is here, now

with her to visit an elderly sister to take her some whether, in the day of your supreme sorrow or words of comfort. The graciousness of this wonderful temptation, you shall miserably fail or gloriously

woman and her beautiful home reached out to me, and conquer. Character cannot be made except by a

I said, hesitantly, as I was leaving: "I am so glad to steady, long continued process."Thank God for the

have talked with you. You know, years ago President old and proved principles of faith, work, morality,

principles that prove themLee married me—"Before I could say more, she industry, honesty—for

they are requiredsaid quietly, almost breathlessly, "He married me, too."selves when they are tested—when

And I understood the great undertones of meaning in to perform.

the words she quoted: "... all his promises shall be

fulfilled."O Joe E. Whitesides, "Repair Through Resolution."

Era, May 1970 61 A Happier Marriage -Conclusion

Defense Against Disenchant- ment By Dr. J. Joel and

Audra Call Moss

Illustrated by Ted Nagata

"Any fool can fall in love."But only in those early years, and if sucforces pushing us toward the marto stay in love—that is something cessfully weathered, is the quality of riage altar. Idealization of a mate

else. Divorce takes its greatest toll marriage guaranteed for the future? helps us set aside the present little

within the first five years of marAgain, the answer as seen in the bothers we find in our relationship.

riage—within five years of the time lives of married couples seems to be Thus, we may well enter marriage,

when a couple is at a peak of emono. The weathering experience may as one writer has suggested, filled

tional bliss. For divorce to occur increase ability to meet future dewith "passionate kindness"—a kindso quickly, feelings would have to mands but it gives no assurance that ness that enlarges our patience,

tumble a long way down. further reality shocks will not have tempers our emotions, and gives

Does the tumbling experience to be faced. the mate temporarily the forgivehappen only to those who divorce? When we marry, we enter a ness of "seventy times seven."

Evidence from the lives of married world that we have idealized, one How long does such wedded bliss couples says no. All couples have that is part real and part fantasy. last? Apparently only until one or

to face some storms of reality. Enchantment with the idea of marboth mates fall from the pedestals

Does the tumbling action occur riage is one of the most powerful on which they have been placed.

jtc

Such falls mark the beginning of of disenchantment and better assure of passionate feelings between the disenchantment process, which movement toward this richer form people. As the years have freed

many observers say will continue of love relationship? woman, so have they opened the

throughout the marriage. CourtThere has probably been no sodoor for more forthright expression

ship involves two people who are ciety in which more emphasis has of feelings. We have so glamorized

partly creations of the mind. Marbeen placed on the partner relationromance that people look for it to

riage builds eventually around two ship—its dignity, richness, satisfachappen in their lives. Is it any

people who are real. To be able to tion, and joy. With whatever else wonder, then, that one can become

still maintain the feeling that one's it brought us, the emancipation of enchanted with another person?

partner is extra special after reality woman opened the doors for such Our world conditions us to expect sets in distinguishes the marriage an idea. romance and, by looking for it, we

that has passed beyond love's enWith this companionship ideal may create it where it is not. As

chantment to a richer existence. came an enlarging of the ideal of the saying goes, "The wish is the

How, then, do we defend ourromance. Romance, as seen in our father of the deed."When disselves against the possible ravages society, refers to the development agreements come before marriage,

Era, May 1970 63 Happy Honeymoon Gown & Peignoir

it is possible that one may tend to for other reasons, including the fact reject himself for having negative that he has won what he sought—

feelings rather than to reject the her hand—so he does not feel as

other person. After all, as we are responsible as his initial campaign

led to believe, marriage, the great promises implied, especially when companionship medium, will take he now fully realizes that he has care of all! another mouth to feed, another

But don't mistake this more shalbody to clothe, and that he must low aspect of romance for that compete among men who are no which has more depth. Intensity of longer dallying in education or life

physical attraction may be felt, but are aggressively reaching for a contact comfort may be desired and desired level of success.

gained; but even deeper bonds beWhen children arrive, this new

tween people can also emerge. influence exerts pressure upon the

These deeper bonds have their roots marriage. It is reported in some

in the tenderness or, as we might statistics that the coming of the further call it, the spiritual expresfirst child cuts the husbandwife sions of one another. conversation in half. Of the half

Sometimes young people do get that is left, a good part is given enough reality shocks before marover to a delightful new form of riage that they begin to see the business talk—the price of baby's

difference between the physically snowsuit, a forthcoming tonsilecexciting and the tender romance. tomy, or his first step. With

They begin early to see the price of succeeding children, conversation time and effort that must be paid demands increase in the area of to support that tenderness. They rearing children, and often the permay begin to understand and appresonalized husbandwife interchange

ciate it so much that they refuse to is minimized. The need is still there,

let other things take precedence. but it may be pushed aside, since

Thus, they build their defense it seems weakness to yield to the against disenchantment. needs of the partners at the expense

However, many others do not get of some childrearing demands. It

these early reality shocks or will not is surprising how many wives comlet them into their world before ment on how much they would

Write Today About marriage. They get caught up in love to have a pleasant conversaExciting Le Voy's

Careers: The exclusive dreams and are supported therein tional interchange with their husWarehouse-Distributorship and Fashion Conby a world of romantic symbols bands on any subject but children, Programs. sultant

through television, radio, movies, money, or job.

and magazines. They may lack the "It's natural enough,"said one

For the Heavenly Seventies'Bride, and personal habits for problem solving woman, "that courting couples for all incurable Romantics! A sheer fullthat allow them to turn the reality should want to be alone, but when

circle peignoir lavished with yards of gale into an opportune breeze for a married couple want to break flowertossed lace. Pearled heart buttheir marriage sails. away from the group and go off

tons. Matching gown with sheer overMen's ideas shift back to reality by themselves, it seems odd. Isn't

lace. lay. or Blue with White White, Pink

faster than do those of women. It there something slightly comic

tricot. Peignoir P,S,M,L. Nylon 100%

#6845. $19. Gown #6545. $18. may be because women are more about a husband and wife who

idealistic than men. It may be bewant to sit and hold hands at a

The Set $35 cause the occupational world makes party?"

man more quickly a realist. It may This is one of the easy ways to

See Your Local be that he finds he is not as free begin the process of disenchantLe Voy's Consultant 'A as he was or that he lives in competment. When we start feeling foolish or

or Mail Check M.O. ing worlds, whereas she tends to about expressing love in front of

in U.S.A. Postpaid

live in one—the home. It may be other people or about wasting time

2511 S.W. TEMPLE SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH 84115

64 Era, May 1970,66000 00 *%* are;* a* ao

ad.

tn pacifin n r |C 'Uni to talk long and deeply, we are love may not be seen by wives as starting to close the doors rather love expressions because the actions than keep them open. Maybe that are done on a solo basis, not as a

is why a little nonsense is important shared action.

in marriage. Those who can pitterSomeone asked, "If a woman

patter with lightness and humor wants such shared experiences, over trivialities may also be freer what does a man want?"We don't CJravel to keep the sentimental doors open. know how all men would respond,

Maybe that is why married coubut many with whom we have ples often put their plans to do talked want a wife to excite within

CJJeartedljr thesomethinglist oftogetherpriorities.way IfdownSharonon themto be thetender.urgeMento bewantwithanherunderand

wants Dennis to take her out to see standing companion. Our feeling is

the sunset and Dennis has a busithat many men, way down deep, ness letter to write, which one see sex as only a first step towardFRIENDSHIP INNS

OF AMERICA usuallyletter. IfgetsDennisdone?suggestsThe abusinessromanthisand richerthroughinterchangewhich theyofcanfeelings,reach

travel Mexico, to OldWherever Canada you

... there's tic notion and Sharon has a pile of the state where there is no guilt California to Alaska..or.New York

a Friendship Inn to serve you. Your reservation ironing to finish, the ironing most over sentiment. Many men exercise

is Oil, Atlanticguaranteed, your Mobile and

Sinclair,Richfield, BP, Union, and Conoco frequently wins. "Get everything tenderness to the degree that the

credit cards plus TWA's Getaway Card are else done first and then what's left wife keeps it open and alive be- "like cash"* at all Friendship Inns.

is ours"seems to be the guiding tween them, and they are hurt if principle for many married couples. the woman fails to keep this image

FLY TWA AND TRAVEL And, of course, what's left all too alive to help them. We are not

FRIENDSHIP INNS FOR often is not time enough for all. sure how many men really know

Love, which once came first, now how to initiate the opening of the friendly, service you can count on. Swim comes last. Is it any wonder that it tender emotional world; in this reME MBE R TVpools,(mostair color),cond., loadsfree languishes under such treatment? gard all men seem a bit dependent.

of ice, room phones, Love has to be fed like anything Defense against disenchantment calls wakeup just a few of the.. little. are else, and it has to have its particucalls for time and effort to periodiluxuries you can take lar kind of diet. cally renew the tender, deep bonds

for granted. Hopefully, the suggestions to so that we become a little more

FRIENDSHIP More than 800 this point provide better underconsciously married partners rather

OF AMERICA INNS "Friendship Inns"standing as to why disenchantment than parents and adults.

Display this Sign occurs. Having such understanding, One married couple resolved that

to Serve YOU.

*American Express, Carte Blanche, Diners'what then can we do to better dethey had a duty to themselves.

Club cards also honored. velop our defenses against disenThey arranged to go away for a

FOR FREE TRA VEL DIRECTORY: Stop in chantment? long weekend together. They even

Friendshipat any Inn or send a selfaddressed Taking time to make decisions booked in advance and paid for a envelope to addressNo. the below: 10

together so that there is a feeling motel reservation. As the time drew

Friendship Inns Innternational of sharing can help. According to near, many valid reasons for not

245 West on North Temple St. some research, the most important going were encountered. The week

Salt Lake City, Utah 84103 thing to a woman is the feeling of before they were to go, life was

Please send me without obligation: companionship in doing things hectic and they were hardly on

Friendship Inns Int'l Travel Directory with her husband. The sense of speaking terms. But they went.

L ] Oil Credit Card application being loved—the assurance of love, Once there and relaxed, they found

Name the feeling of being wanted and of the other world slip more and more

Address significance—is for many a woman into the unconscious, and their marCity tied to the experiences in which she riage assumed a frontal position,

Country or State Zip has a particular shared activity with thus resulting in a pleasing renewal

I her husband. As a matter of fact, of love.

many things husbands do for wives Almost any couple can do it. You

Top independent motor inns desiring to partiin which they think they express say you can't afford it? Are you

cipate in the Friendship Inn programs are invited to write to the address above for information.

sure? Many people who can't afford such experiences spend much

on medicines and various other remedies to soothe their throbbing nerves.

You don't even have to go anywhere. But it is harder. It is always

easier in a new situation where the world doesn't look quite the same and we are freed from many surrounding elements that remind us of other phases of life.

One marriage counselor feels that if every couple were to spend four long weekends away from home each year (even if only at a local motel), there might be a good deal more contentment in the home, That is one weekend for a threemonth period. Some might need

more, some less; but everyone needs

some such activity for love renewal.

This point would be misconstrued if taken to mean that the only way to renew love and run a successful home is to keep running away from it. Hence, the art of

taking time to sustain love must be conscientiously practiced within the home. The recipe will vary, but

always it must have these few ingredients:

1. An aim of recapturing periods

of relaxed, cozy intimacy as we have known and cherished them.

2. A focus on emotional expansion, since the nature of life may

push us toward emotional contraction. If we do not expand our ability for emotional expression, the A sweet treat recipe from

world of love may leave us behind.

3. Not only a resolve, but also a ENGLISH TOFFEE COOKIES

dedication of time that will not be 1 cup butter

I SUGARviolated except for the utmost emer- 1 cup U AND 1 egg yolk gency. 1 egg white, beaten

4. Stimulation from each in his 1 tsp. vanilla

own particular way that bids the 21 cupscup groundsifted flourpecans tender feelings to come out for airCream butter and sugar thoroughly; add egg yolk (unbeaten) and beat

ing—a little imagination can take well. Add vanilla, flour and onehalf of the ground nuts. Spread dough

you a long way. thin on greased shallow pan, IOV2 x 15 inches. Spread beaten egg white

Defense against disenchantment: over top. Sprinkle with remaining cup of ground nuts. Bake in slow oven

ofttimes the best defense is a good 300 for 45 min. Cut at once in small squares.

offense. What's yours? O

U and I Sugar Company Factories in Garland and West Jordan, Utah; near Idaho Falls,

Era, May 1970 67 Idaho; Moses Lake and Toppenish, Washington.

teens and teens. They could have to

Research dojealousy,with suchfear, thingsor prejudice;as honesty,or love,they

less volatile involve might somewhat & Review feelings, those associated such as with ingratitude, covetousness, or inertia.

The setting for roleplaying may grow out of the lesson itself, with individuals called upon to act out the roles of historic or contemporary characters; but

more frequently it involves a present situation.

When the participants feel the emotional verve and gusto of the part, roleplaying is most effective. It is the

responsibility of the teacher to set the stage for this with each participant separately. Roleplaying is easier when

dealing with problems about which individuals already have some feeling, feel participants or effectively but may How to Get pretend the reasons for the when all situation have been delineated with feeling. In every instance the roles Student Involvement must be set up for an immediate speBy Albert L. Payne cific objective, and the teacher must

keep the group concentrating on this.

Contributing Editor At the conclusion of roleplaying, someone in the group (or preferably

Modern teachers who never imagined thought to be not only more economical many) must be able to see a constructhemselves sponsoring a drama in their (contrasted to the use of movies), but tive technique for meeting the problems class are now using drama as a means also far more effective as a means of or overcoming the difficulties involved of teaching. Consider, for example, the achieving educational goals. Two of in the situation. Since roleplaying is

teacher separately coaching three stuthe rapidly developing facets of this primarily emotional learning, particidents to pretend that they are someone trend toward experiential teaching may pants and members of the class should else and to spontaneously involve themhave profound implications in the field reflect upon their feelings about the selves in the following situation: of religious training. (See Victor Vertechniques employed by those engaged

Linda, a high school senior, has just non Wolf, A Study of Literature on in it. These may then become a means

returned home from a dance. It is Roleplaying With Possible Applicaof discovering and using effective

1:00 a.m., one hour beyond her deadtions to the LDS Institutes of Religion, processes of emotional creativity and

line for coming in, and both her parand Cal Juel Andreasen, The Case adjustment.

ents are waiting up for her. Linda's Method—A Technique for Teaching A second technique deals with the

mother is especially upset, because she Religion to LDS Youth.) The first of intellectual rather than the emotional

constantly worries about terrible things these—roleplaying—was first develside of learning. Called the case methhappening. Her father, besides being oped to help people overcome emood, it uses actual or typical situations

concerned about the lateness of the tional problems. Later it was used by as the basis for an experience in

hour, is critical of this being her sixth the German, British, and American decisionmaking. The emphasis is not

date with Ted. Both parents are oparmies to select and train personnel. upon knowledge as such, but upon the

posed to her going steady. Linda says After World War II, industry began use of knowledge in making wise judgshe is willing to go with other boys; to use roleplaying to identify, test, and ments. Problems used in case situabut, since it is silently understood that train personnel. It is now widely used tions must not have a single or obvious

she is "Ted's girl,"nobody asks her. in counseling and is making an entry or authoritative answer.

She has accepted Ted's invitation to go into the field of education. After the problem has been carefully

steady. Linda, Ted, and the other Roleplaying is by definition a defined, students using the case method

couple had left the dance early in structured group activity in which engage in individual research and a deference to Linda's deadline, but they reallife situations are reconstructed or groupexploration session in which had waited an unusually long time to reproduced within the framework of the they share ideas, information, and posbe served at the restaurant where they educational environment. It is designed sible answers. As they probe and

had gone to eat. Linda feels that midto permit an individual to become ponder, the advantages, consequences,

night is just too early, and this restricmentally, physically, emotionally, and and limitations of various alternatives tion puts her in an awkward position. spiritually involved in a life situation are taken into consideration. When

This dramatic scene illustrates one or problem and to give experience in individuals and small groups have disof many new methods of teaching. thinking, feeling, or living through a cussed the issue, it then comes before

Modern educators are constantly chalreal or anticipated experience. the entire class for further clarificalenging the traditional ways of teachAlmost any stressful, emotional intion and conclusion.

ing, and innovations are continuously volvement that is either true or true to When properly used, the case methbeing tried. The general tendency in life may be used for roleplaying. od fosters and rewards clear and

the field of education appears to be Situations might involve tensions beobjective thinking. It encourages habits

toward engaging learners in more practween parents and children, adults of dealing intelligently and creatively tical and real experiences. This is and teens, teachers and students, or with problems, and it assists students

in learning to weigh and evaluate. Theprocess encourages students to be critiThe good old

cal of their own thinking and that of others and at the same time moretolerant of the opinions and decisions simmer time, of others. It creates and rewards

imagination, clear thinking, soundjudgment, and wholesome human relamember?

tions.

The Harvard School of Business Administration has been given much credit for developing and publicizing the case method. The principles and

techniques developed at Harvard have been widely used in business and industry and may be utilized in religious education when there is a need to discover the facts or issues and use them appropriately in making a decision.

This method is effective in situations where there appear to be conflicts in interest, duties, or principles. It may

also help students to learn how to distinguish between means and ends, preferences and principles, or things that are situational and those that are eternal.

Among the advantages of using these techniques are the removal or control of emotional obstacles and the unlocking of the learner's intellectual potential to creative adaptation.

Such tools are needed to help bridge the gap between religious principles Air Condition Electrically Now that have grown out of situations in applicationthe distant past and their situations. beginning, and Beat the Heatto present In its

religious knowledge came in answer to a question or to fulfill a need. But the Dog days headed your way again? Why

situation, recounting of themodern or sweat out another summer without air conthatthe intelligence out of it, grew does not necessarily fulfill a present ditioning?

need. Knowledge of religious truth,

therefore, is no guarantee of one's livPrices of electric room air conditioners are ing a religious life. Many who know now much less than they were 10 years ago.

what is right (1) do not see how it relates to what they are doing, (2) are Get yours now before the summer rush—

unable to determine which bit of more models to choose from.

knowledge applies, or (3) have emotional barriers that hinder them fromapplying their knowledge to their imUtah Power & Light Company mediate situation. Since roleplaying

and the case method can involve Every Year Electricity Does More for You learners in present religious situations, they can be effective means toward the overcoming of these difficulties.

tools These are sharp methods irequire very careful planning, hanthat Enjoy Group BOWLINGdling, conditioning. have and Both

potential,great either but may waste CHURCH FAMILY GROUPS GROUPS if insulttime a class improperly and

MARRIEDS ELDERS QUORUMS M.I. A. YOUNGused.

of this kind rewards The high of CALL NOW FOR RESERVATIONS areteaching not easily obtained. But

under the proper circumstances and RANCHO42-LANESsalt lake -3635833 with direction, adequate are efthey fective in FAIRMONT BOWLsugarhouse -4676562 students engaging means of practical and meaningful experiences OR JOHN KEYSOR'S that may help us fulfill our religious JUNCTION LANES - midvale - 2556841 objectives. O JACK & JILL LANES American fork -7564651

Era, May 1970 69 Dr. W. C. Hueper, retired chief of the boys began to understand that the Bible

Buffs Environmentaltional Cancer Institute,Cancer Sectiononce said:of the "WeNareallythat sciencedid not explainedconflict withmorescience,fully butthe

and whichhave tomayconsiderbe carcinogenicthe fact thatare materialsingested ofphysicala real,aspectssensibleof discussion,creation. Atonetheof endthe

Rebuffs forwouldour beentirea wiselifetime.precautionaryI supposemeasurethat it boysGod'ssaid,greatness."Thanks,TheMa'm,earthforis showingso complius

not to add any chemicals to our food cated that it must have taken an allsupply which produced cancer in either powerful God to make it, even if we can't man or in experimental animals."fully understand how."

Supermarket of the Future (afterCyclamatesmuch fuss).have Butnowhowbeenmanybannedother theThisJanuaryunderstandingEra, whichwasarrivedinspiredjust byin

I have just finished reading Carolyn food additives might be cancer inducing? time. Also, the article by E. LV Richards,

Dunn's "The Supermarket of the Future"Look at all the controversy over mono- "When You Teach My Child,"and A. L.

[February]. If such a supermarket ever sodium glutamate. It has been shown to Payne's article, "Religious Concerns of

comes into existence, I hope that I am not cause brain damage in mice, and for Our Youth,"were enlightening articles around. I do not care to see convenience years it has been thought to be the cause that helped me in my work on an island

foods and "instants"increase in number of the "Chinese restaurant syndrome,"but where I am the only Mormon.

or variety. There are too many of these although three baby food companies Lucy Caley

chemicalladen products on the market (under pressure) stopped using it, the Antigua, West Indies now, and all the chemically added vitaFDA has not banned its use. Just the

mins in the world cannot take the place of other day I attended a free cooking school Korean Correction wholesome, natural vitamins that were and sample bottles of a flavoring product put in by nature and removed by man in consisting primarily of monosodium Congratulations on a fine job on the his various refining and processing glutamate were given out. Carboxymethyl March issue featuring the Church in

methods. cellulose causes cancer in animals. Yet it Asia. However, on page 19, our baptisms

The author apparently thinks that is used extensively in soft drinks, ice for 1969 should read 550, not 450.

there won't be anything unnutritious on cream, jellies, chocolate drinks, icings, President Robert H. Slover

the market in the future. Where does candies, and baby foods. The dye used to Korean Mission

that idea come from? If we are to have color red maraschino cherries also causes

nothing but nutritious foods in the future, cancer in anima's. Yet the government Letters on Hills

someone had better hurry and find a way still allows us to consume it.

to keep food stuffs without adding chemiMaybe there are 42 convenience foods Relative to the letter about the custom of cal preservatives. What good does it do that cost less to prepare than the same putting a stone letter on a hill near a

to add vitamins to food, then preserve it thing made from scratch, and, of course, town, in your February "Buffs,"here in with a chemical that may prove to be take less time. But isn't our health worth this section of California many of our

poisonous, or may become poisonous or a little extra time and money? And small towns that lie along the foothills

carcinogenic by interacting with other frankly, I think the real thing, fresh and of the Sierra Nevada also designate thenchemicals that are quickly dissipated by unpreserved, the way Mother Nature name by a large letter on a hill. In

Porterville letter the very clearly better. P is the are body cumulative? and that When gave it to us, tastes so much

seen for miles situated a hill on about Sharon Almeida is tested, additive a food it is usually tested by itself, not with other additives Hauula, Hawaii four miles southeast of the downtown that may be in other foods that a person section. But I do not know how or by

will in the consume day. same Whereas "In the Beginning"whomwhen. theTheletterletterwaswasputtherethere inor 1948,even a certain to chemical prove may be absohere. when we moved lutely harmless by itself, I knows what who as working vol- a British am presently Marie Broad reaction the might digested be when with unteer the Serteacher under Volunteer Porterville, California another chemical? vice (similar Overseas to the Peace

in Says Synthetic Herber, Lewis Our Corps), I teach biology and and chemCalifornia State Polytechnic The College Society: than more 3,000 "Today chemiistry at allNegro an boys'grammar in letters large the has Pomona CP on in cals are the production used and school in Antigua, Indies. I West have Kellogg Hill school the above campus. distribution of commercially prepared been doing practical soil some analysis Sharon Brown least food. are At 1,288 purposely added the boys, with ages ranging to from 13 16, Pomona, California as preservatives, buffers, emulsifiers, neutheir inquiring and minds have many

tralizing sequestrants, agents, stabilizers, questions.

If putting letter hill a stone on a near anticaking ingredients, flavoring agents, said, of in boys the loudest One my is the it town a custom, Mormon must coloring agents, and while to from 25 30 voice could muster, he the was "How started a long have ago. time There is a consist of nutritional supplements, such earth formed, Ma'm?"big near Cusco, Peru. C as potassium, iodide, vitamins."and entire class the Immediately alive came T. Lawrence Dahl of Imagine! chemicals 3,000 put Out questions, with answers, arguments. and Illinois Roanoke, to into food, our only anything have 25 30 In the I of the midst disuproar could

to nutrition. of do with Out 2,112 flavor tinguish the words "I believe,"Bible "the President McKay additives, synthetic. are 1,600 of them says,""scientists state."I time By the

report General the U.S. Surgeon by A the get could attention class, of the the I tell beautiful you the May how was "400years several that estimated ago school of the sound bell that us informed article President on O. David McKay totally into chemicals are it 500 put new for time lunch. was [February]. lovely a presentation. Such

.. year. use Although each chemmany of the I as few joined boys A me character His captured perfectly. was I still is icals toxicity, for. are checked much for walked lunch, home assured and each started to had this glance issue through their potential longterm about unknown that his right. I me argument was thought of the Era it to wasn't able and put down hazards."to myself, a to opportunity What goMen until completely read. fortunate How is different. individual mild Every teach A gospel, the but how? to have been a have we such prophet, had of effect a dose chemical no have on may arrived at the house, we When my also to and writers have as such M. Jay others, for people; most a dose could such just January arrived, Era there, had and L. Albert Zobell, and Todd Jr., are who I lethal. firmly that believe be chemino in illustrations, glorious scienthe were to able their convert feelings into lovely to cal unless should there food tific be added facts as well as truths. biblical thoughts.

is all it absolutely at that chance no could the In afternoon, I facts presented the be poisonous or carcinogenic. That would and pictures to the class. They were all Yvonne Renpp

take an delighted. awful lot of testing and a good I explained the enWhen Yerington, Nevada

years. many lightening article regarding the the soil,

70 Era, May 1970 tJErSpecialyourselfto Europe on TIA and save up to 50percent!

You actually can save up to 50 percent on a tour of Europe because you travel Air Special on TIA group charter rates. Two hundred and fifty members of a New York City organization toured London, Paris and Rome for three

weeks for just $395 per person. If they had traveled in the nonsummer months, this same trip could have been as

low as $295. This low prorated price covers air and ground transportation, hotel accommodations and sightseeing.

There's nothing sacrilegious about saving. Leave from anywhere. Go to anywhere: the

Orient, Africa, Caribbean, South America. Save as much as 50 percent because travel is

on affinity charter instead of individual fares. But keep in mind, a group tour can

be as personal and private an adventure as you wish to make it. What's more,

you will enjoy superb food and gracious inflight amenities because you're flying Air Special on TIA, the world's largest vacation charter airline. Now

if you're ready to go, simply contact your travel agent or TIA. >-*-:

It's easy to organize a tour "-sw because we have TIA Tour Consultants, brochures, and many exciting sales tools to help you assemble the group.

Fill out the coupon and let's get this vacation off the ground!

It was announced that Henry E. Twelve, with Kenji Tanaka as president

Petersen is the new production division and Yoshihiko Kikuchi and Kenichi The Church as ProSegara counselors. A/loves On gram.manager of the Church Welfare stake presidency: Leslie B. New

Blackfoot (Idaho) West Stake, the Smith and counselors Howard J. Pear504th stake, was organized by Elder son and Garth D. Hansen, Palmyra

Howard W. Hunter of the Council of (Utah) Stake.

the Twelve, from portions of Blackfoot and Blackfoot South stakes. Allan til Brigham Young University's sec-

F. Larsen was sustained as president, ond annual Festival of Mormon Arts

with Cornelius G. Williams and James began today on the Provo campus, with

M. Wray, counselors. Robert M. Kerr, a Salt Lake Tabernacle Choir concert.

Jr., was sustained as president of The festival will feature ballet, art exBlackfoot Stake, succeeding President hibits, music in the home, Church

Larsen. writers, drama, and concerts. It will

February 1970 New stake president: President end April 30.

Rudolph B. Cierpki and counselors

Em "He deeply impressed those who Gordon C. Mortensen and Dieter H. E. The First Presidency announced

met him with his graciousness, kindBerndt, Berlin (Germany) Stake. that Kan Watanabe has been appointed

ness, and his intense interest in public as president of the new Japan West Misaffairs,"read a special distinguished "In the timetable of the Lord, the sion. He was formerly manager of the

alumnus award given posthumously by door is now open and this is apparently Church Translation Services Departthe University of Utah to President the time for the work in Asia. The work ment in Asia.

David 0. McKay. The award, the first of is expanding and further expansion is

its kind, had been planned for many in the offing. In each of the countries, Transvaal Stake, the first in Africa,

months. President McKay had been the tremendous growth is an inspirawas organized by Elder Marion G. Rominformed of it by letter on January 12 tion,"said Elder Ezra Taft Benson of ney of the Council of the Twelve, with

and returned his thanks in a letter dated the Council of the Twelve, as the MorLouis P. Hefer as president and Gert

January 16, two days before his death. mon Pavilion at Expo 70, Osaka, Japan, J. B. DeWet and Olev Taim as counThe award, presented at the annual was dedicated. Elders Hugh B. Brown selors. With the organization of this

Founders'Day banquet, was accepted and Gordon B. Hinckley of the Council stake, the Church now has organized

by President McKay's daughter, Mrs. of the Twelve and Elder Bernard P. stakes on six continents.

Russell H. Blood. Brockbank, Assistant to the Twelve, Merrimack (New Hampshire) Stake

also participated in the pavilion's dediwas organized by Elder Mark E. PeterMarch 1970 cation. Some eight million persons, sen of the Council of the Twelve and

Lima (Peru) Stake, the 503rd now the Church pavilion during the sixCouncil of the Seventy. William A.U mostly Japanese, are expected to visit President Paul H. Dunn of the First

functioning, was organized by Elder month world exposition. French is president, with John T. Hills

Gordon B. Hinckley of the Council of Edgehill 2nd Ward of Salt Lake City and Harold W. Gunn as counselors.

the Twelve. President Robert Vidal was won the allChurch basketball tournaMonterey Stake was organized by

sustained, with counselors Quiroz J. A. ment from Clearfield (Utah) 2nd Ward. Elder Delbert L Stapley of the CounSousa and Harold M. Rex. Oak Hills 5th Ward from Provo, Utah, cil of the Twelve from portions of the

won the Ensign division from Arlington North Mexican Mission. Guilermo

The First Presidency announced (California) Ward, and Brigham Young Gonzales was sustained as president, that two new missions would be orUniversity 79th defeated University of with Cesar M. Sanchez and Justo A.

ganized in Japan and that Russell N. Utah 6th for the college division chamMunoz as counselors. With the orHoriuchi of Orem, Utah, has been called pionship. The tournament began in Salt ganization of these three stakes this

as president of one of them—the Japan Lake City on March 9. Sunday, the Church now has 508

East Mission. stakes.

It was announced that Irvin B. Tokyo Stake, the first in Asia and New stake presidency: President

Nydegger has been appointed manager the 505th now functioning in the Hans B. Ringger and counselors Peter

of European operations in the Church's Church, was organized by Elder Ezra Cysler and Heinrich Roffler, Swiss

Distribution and Translation Service. Taft Benson of the Council of the Stake.

72 Era, May 1970 performance

It's where the reaj performance experts take their cars.

The people who can't afford to fool It gets to the point where a woman does every thing you'd expect of a around. Women. seems to spend half her waking high performance premiumgasoline

of then some.That's the wheel behind her car. and why wecall hours fheir cars. To on dependWomen

Stop. it the there, wants Performance she's she And while 8:1 5. their to theget And husbands

the kids to school. And themselves performance. That's where Phillips And that's why you see so many

to the supermarket. And the comes in. real performance experts there.

cleaners. And the bank. And the At Phillips, a woman gets the kind of

department stores. And here and high performance products that

there and everywhere. can keep her car running well. Like At Phillips 66

Phillips TropArtic Motor Oil, with its it's performance exclusive detergent additive. And that counts.

Phillips FliteFuel Gasoline, which

Prices are LOW in Idaho

Scores of styles, thermographed or Duragraved, all the accessories. Buy direct

and save from West's loading manufacturer of mailorder wedding invitations. Rush

orders shipped same day received! National Defense

Send for FREE catalog, samples (25c if airmail and the desired). REXCRAFT, Rexburg, Idaho 83440

Name. Address Local "Peace Corps"

City, State, Zip. By Dr. G. Homer Durham

Commissioner and Executive Officer, Utah System of Higher Education

Everyone longs for peace. It has the bicentennial of American indemany prices. One song proclaims: pendence, July 1976, citizens in

"Let there be peace on earth, and national guard units (who earn let it begin with me."That is a their living by other means) could

good place to begin. But experibe the only "parttime"standby DIP INTO ence shows that more is needed. support for a new, "fulltime"proSo the world has produced armies, fessional army system.

navies, air forces, the U.N., doThe cities and towns of America

mestic police systems of profeshave professional municipal policeSpring sional nature in the quest for forces. If and when the national

peace through law enforcement. forces professionalize, the state

A select committee in the "guard"units may provide the

United States has recommended only citizen "layer"between local that conscription for the national and national professional conarmy be supplanted by wellpaid stabularies.

volunteer professionals. This will Under existing legislation, nacost something. tional conscription expires June

Human activity has become spe30, 1971. It may well be renewed.

cialized, with professional leaderThe Secretary of Defense, Melvin ship and occupational careers. The R. Laird, and the chairman of the

citizenfarmer, the citizenschool- Armed Services Committee of the teacher, and the citizensoldier are Senate, John Stennis, have expassing into history. The "militia"pressed the view that it will not

of the American states came under be possible to achieve the volunnational professional influence by teer, professional army by that

BENNETT'S an Act of Congress in 1916. By time.

1322 Colorizer Colors At Dealers & Stores Everywhere 74

THE NOW! GO

EVERYWHERE National defense may be conSUIT

Blacksidered in other terms than the mohair—wool and

draft. Candor requires recognition cut for today,

that many citizens of the United wear it with a

States feel immediate concern for jm* high color shirt and tie:

the quality and character of state OR and local police services. The Add a

domestic aspects of what has cummerbund, usually been viewed as "national tux shirt

ZAP! - anddefense"are coming to occupy YOU CAN

you're more and more of the place once formal. LIVE IN Goes wheregiven to international aspects of

to want the years ago subject. Twentythe

looking go seSALT LAKE CITY you felt his that Americanaverage great—even

a mission!curity (and the nation's defense) at the on

revolved around General Dwight D.

Eisenhower and the NATO command in Paris, around the Navy, NEWHOUSE and around the Strategic Air ComCenter of City mand under General LeMay. Viet Overnight and Residential

Nam, Laos, and the Middle East Free Parking still hold the attention of the Family Rooms

American public. But, these theDoily from $8.00

aters aside, the focus and reliance once placed on NATO and SAC for MONTHLY RATE security seem to have shifted to local constabularies and domestic $190.00

"defense"services. The FBI, thestate highway patrol, the county PRIVATE ROOM—BATH ALL MEALS and SERVICES

sheriff's municipal forces, the—MAIL FOR DETAILS—

police department, KING'S:< marthe town

force,shal, security the campus NEWHOUSE ROWlLMEN'S WEAR andf""4th South and Main of a private, growingand number rentals

City, Salt Utah 84101 FORMALWEAR Lake Temple South East 242 sersecurityhired, professional 841 1 City, Utah Salt Lake Name in larger the publicvices ever loom Suit: Regular $110.00 Long Coat Size

mind. Waist Size Inseam Shipping: 1.75

The presidential commission Address 6 Button Double Breasted fj 2 Button Single Breasted fj on selective service, headed by NAME:ADDRESS:

Thomas Gates, a former Secretary Print Name and Address CITY: STATE: ZIP:..

of Defense, estimated that, for a Residents of Utah only add $4.95 sales tax {4Vi%)

2.5 million national professional

armed force, the new system would nJiW! ELECTRIC WHEAT CRACKER

cost 3.3 billion dollars more than saves money—Freshly cracked wheat for one

the present volunteerconscription cent per serving!

system. Higher salaries to the saves time—Fill the hopper, flick the switch

professionals would return about and the job's done!

540 million dollars to the governCosts only a little more than the oldfashioned hand grinder.

ment in additional income taxes. Fully adjustable grind from coarse to fine

This would leave a net additional Operates on either AC or DC cost of 2.7 billion dollars more Choice of colors, white or sandalwood

than the present system. Only $26.95 postage prepaid

What should local police sertoday,Satisfactionstatingguaranteedcolor choice,or yourfrommoney back. Order

vices cost? David G. Youngs Food Storage Supplies

Box 6132, Albany, Ca 94706 (Calif, residents add $1.35 sales tax)

Era, May 1970 75 The state of the world, whether well for the engineering skills that apart. In many cases, the counin Salt Lake City or Saigon, reproduce our machines, or that seling skills of certain police

quires wellpaid, skilled profesprevent buildings from collapsing officers have saved situations that sionals, whether in the air force on our heads. We appreciate autoschool psychologists and psyor the police force. The day of the mobile tires that refuse to blow chiatrists could not handle. But

unskilled laborer has passed in the apart at high speed. But not these skills and qualities, although

United States. But the training in enough of us understand the cultivated in the modern police

law enforcement, legal procedures, trained intelligence, patience, and department and their training human behavior, counseling repersonal skills required of a city academies, are in short supply.

quired of today's police has not police officer. His judgment and The public's view of the man in

yet been fully recognized by the quiet forbearance under stress, his uniform is divided today. Many,

average citizen. Most of us apintelligent action under duress, fortunately, still view him as a

preciate the importance of paying may prevent a city from blowing friend, the symbol of the law in its equity and majesty. Others

view him as "a cop"—doing a

Square, presented over KSL The "The Spoken Word"from Temple necessary job, but not one you (or and your children) would aspire to. Broadcasting System the Columbia

March 1, 1970. 1970. Then there are those who, for SpokenWord

various reasons, view the police as enemies, and subject them to all

If you don't want temptation to follow you the abuses available in a land of

By Richard L Evans liberty.

As one whimsical observer said, "When some folks flee from temptaAs the nation's policymakers /\ tion. they leave a forwarding address."This brings us to the ask questions about the costs of a

/ \ question of what could be called tempting temptation, flirting professional army, it may be well with it, entertaining the idea. Sometimes it would seem that we invite in local circles to ask how the

to be in on a talents essential to "domestic troubles, that we invite temptation—perhaps wanting

little of the socalled excitement, in the wrong places, at the wrong tranquility"can be recruited for times, perhaps for the wrong reasons—sometimes out of curiosity, the city police department.

sometimes with an unwholesome interest in the action. We may fail One New Year's Eve we entersaid, to will "Let firmly not as Mencius decide they do what men a large do, tained school of high group

to vigorously to they and do."will be free they what ought do 1 The talk students in our home. The

problem is often that we don't definitely decide what we will not do. turned to the draft and the deWe may decide to leave the door a little open—to go half way, or sirability of substituting a volunpart way, or just a little way. But a little way is too far in some situateer-professional system. One

tions. Life here is so short, so swift, and yet life is so important, and young man in the group had

so everlastingly long—and there are so many right places to go, so many already been selected for appointgood things to do, how can we justify ourselves in taking time for the ment to the Air Force Academy.

unsavory side? We can't be safe or sure, if we decide to tamper a Several others admitted willinglittle with the wrong things—just a little at first, and then a little more, ness to seek reserve commissions

and then perhaps to lose our sense of distance and direction. We through other channels than the

need standards, laws, guidelines in life; counsel, commandments, draft. These ambitions seemed to

personal moral principles. We need to face ourselves with facts: to have the respect and admiration of

decide for ourselves how honest we are, how far we will go—how the group. Especial pride was evifar we won't go—and lay down a line that we can count on, staying dent for the appointee to the Air

on the right side, the safe, the virtuous side. It may sound oldfashioned, Force Academy.

but our peace and selfrespect are worth more than any little passing Then the talk turned to the thrill, any shortsighted indulgence, any venture into the dangerous growing need for domestic law enand sordid side. No one ever fell over a precipice who never went

near one. "When some people flee from temptation, they leave a forforcement. There was some fairly

warding address."If you don't want temptation to follow you, don't caustic criticism of city police and

highway patrol officers. Advice on act as if you are interested.

"what ought to be done about it"'Mencius, Discourses iv; B.C. 32. was freely dispensed. Diplo76

matically, this question was inPRESS serted into the discussion: How

many of you would be willing to prepare for careers in the vital, demanding field of domestic law enforcement? There were no

"takers."Engineering, nursing,

architecture, machinists, mechan- %ics, construction, merchandising, m yes. Law the other professions,and Salt 1600 Empire Road Lake City, Utah 84104 current the demandenforcement, 4861892 Call (801)—job X a no. That wasing profession,

for somebody else. The Peace

TypographyCorps? World Health Organization? \ Layout and Design

Lithographic Offset jS?Social work? Yes. Police work? *j Phototypography

No. That's for policemen. Letterpress 4-Color Process Separations

How American society can atBindery Shipping and Mailing tract the intelligence required for today's city police forces deserves equal attention with how we recruit and maintain intelligence for the nation's armed forces, for theairlines, for the hospitals, and for iSOUI B*V** the factories.

For the Pirates of Penzance, Sir William S. Gilbert penned the

lines, with music by Sir Arthur

Sullivan. One rollicking chorus WANTED:Trader forExperiencedprogressive SecuritiesOverthe-goes: HILL counter securities firm, Salt

Lake City and Provo, Utah and Las Vegas."When constabulary's duty's to be CUMORAH

done, to be done, Reply:Lake P.City,0. UtahBox 8411111171 SaltA Policeman's lot is not a happy AIR TOUR

one."CumorahNew York PageantCity WANTED:ager andExperiencedNASD SecuritiesSales SalesMan-

Washington, for progressive new, D.C. men

in If that true the 1870s, it was Salt brokerage. Lake City and JULY 25 DEPARTURE

Provo, Vegas. Las Utah and in true 1970s. the is more

P. 0. 11171 Salt Box conscription came When

City, Utah 84111 along, PACIFIC Reply:Lake ago,years a maudlin there was

song, "I Didn't Raise My Boy to NORTHWEST

Be a Soldier."We may be grateful Victoria, B.C.

that there are a few boys and girls Vancouver, B.C.

willing to qualify for the growing Lake Louise & and intense demands of service as Cardston, Idaho Falls peace officers. The most imporand Logan Temples

32this See how amazing holdstant Peace Corps in these times JULY 20 DEPARTURE page book the key as greatest your success a parent.

of habits in children of harmfulmay be the city police department. Points the way to remove causes to

If while helping prompt, obedience iges. cheerful you want Travel IE 5/70 Murdock If it is intelligent, not professional, in Booklet every child now. advance Free Inc. allyour for way send—St. 14 S. Main Hill, 45359. Ohio. Association, Pleasant Parents Dept. 1975, welltrained, of negocapableand City, Utah Salt Lake

tiating peace, citizens will have to 3283161 responsibility of theaccept defsAl* ) PleasePhone send me the AIDS HEARING on: brochure allin-] Huge savings on tiny,veloping such maintaining and

Hill Cumorah theear, behind the ear, eyetalent. It will cost something, Air Tour glass and body models. New

Pacific Northwest space age models are so tiny closyour concealedtoo. O friends even m may Name andestnotice.well TRIAL. FREE HOMEnever

Address No down payment. Low as $10

City State Zip., tee.monthly.OrderMoneydirectbackandguaransave.

Era, April 1970 77 Write today for free catalog and confidential booklet.

PRESTIGE, Dept. D-57, Box 10947, Houston, Tex. 77018.

Acquainted By Dennis Drake Illustrated by Jeanne Lindorff

I too have walked in rain at night,

Have known a weight upon my crown

And felt the liquid slivers bite.

I have bowed to winds and stumbled down,

Have struggled up while looking low,

Have slogged through mud in the middle of town.

I much prefer to step against the flow,

But elements by nature travel down so swift

And I labor uphill so commonly slow.

Oh, I have a legacy that persuades me drift

No longer! And I will find the right

Consistency of strength with which to run and lift

My awkward pilgrimage again into the light.

I too have walked in rain at night.

FROM ART IN AMERICAJHE

American Art Discovery of 1970

See brilliant, full color reproductions of the Mormon Panorama, 22 paintings by Mormon artist CCA. Christensen in the MayJune

issue of Art in America. These long forgotten paintings are the American art discovery of 1970 in the eyes of this 56 year old publication.

The paintings depict major events in early Mormon history, including the Hill Cumorah vision, mob scenes, the exodus, the Nauvoo

Temple burning, and the pioneer's entrance into the Salt Lake Valley.

The resplendent colors of the paintings are faithfully reproduced on high quality paper by Art in America, America's leading and most widely read art publication. The magazine devotes 21 pages of

its MayJune issue to this early Mormon art. It will include a detailed background of the artist's life and a description of the scene

in each painting.

The article tells how the artist carried these large 10'x 8'paintings from town to town, using them to illustrate his unique lecture series.

The same originals will be exhibited in the Whitney Museum of

American Art in New York from July 13th to Sept. 7th of this year.

This issue of Art in America is sure to become a limited edition collectors item among Latterday Saints. It will make an

excellent gift. Order your copies now at $2.75 each plus 18c

postage from:

Art in America, Inc.

150 East 58th Street, New York City, New York 10022

or these Salt Lake City book dealers:

Deseret Book Co. Auerbach's Book Department

Frost's Book & Record Shop Bookcraft, Inc.

Sam Waller's Zion Book Store ZCMI Book Department.

The name of Hugh Nibley has become a byword within the Church in the past two decades, primarily as a result of his writings published in the pages of The Improvement Era for 21 years.

Since 194-8, only six volumes of the Era have been published without the byline of Hugh Nibley, which is usually part of an extended series of articles. His brilliant, incisive mind, fortified on

one hand by fluency in some ten languages and strengthened on the other by his strong faith in the gospel's message, has blessed countless readers. But it is his zest for knoivledge, his joy in

discovery, his thrill at uncovering old things for us to vieiv anew that have endeared him to all who have read his works. In this respect, Brother Nibley represents a symbol of the person hungering and thirsting after knowledge, an ideal that most individuals could well adapt for the betterment and fulfillment of their own personal lives. In this spirit, as his current series is concluded,

the Era is pleased to feature Brother Nibley as a fitting symbol of one who has truly found many adventures in learning.

Hugh Nibley:

The Portrait of a Leader

By Dr. Louis C. Midgley

Associate Professor of Political Science, Brigham Young "University

Hugh Nibley quite adequately exemplifies the at the mysteries of life, and an openness to the possiLatter-day Saint ideal of the learned man with deep bility that there is more to be said about some issues devotion to God's kingdom. For him the quest for than has already been said. Where others are either

knowledge is not some halfreal, dimly discerned, disinterested or have already made up their minds, vaguely tangible ideal to which mere lip service is Hugh Nibley is busy opening the door for another given; his is a genuine commitment to the pursuit of look at the evidence.

knowledge and understanding. Dr. Nibley's passion for Dr. Nibley has set a good example by coupling his

learning does not depend solely upon the potential surown rather considerable natural intellectual abilities, vival value of knowledge, but upon an abiding curiosvivid imagination, and sometimes impish wit with ity or what the ancients called wonder, the beginning personal discipline sufficient to permit him to acquire of wisdom. His own rather impressive contributions the tools of an outstanding historian, and he has thereto Mormon intellectual life, and especially his defense by become a really creative scholar. His interests are

of the faith and the Saints, stem directly from a radical vast. In general, he investigates those areas of human

curiosity about this world, a feeling of astonishment experience covered by the terms history, politics,

Era, May 1970 79 and religion. He is not interested in the commonplace, labor on tiny details, and he is enormously productive.

the wellknown, the trite or trivial; instead, he pursues His work is richly illustrated, elaborately structured,

the unknown, the difficult, the profound, the imporcohesive, and yet always new and dynamically alive.

tant. He works in virgin territory and is obsessed His work is always fresh because he moves on the

with the necessity of being original. The fruits of boundary between the known and the unknown. This

Dr. Nibley's scholarship are wellknown. His comis dangerous territory where the timid seldom go.

mitment to learning and the gospel is total. He has One can conceive of man's knowledge as a sphere

not yielded to the blandishments of worldly success whose outer edge reaches the unknown. The sphere

now common in our universities. He has steadfastly of knowledge may be infinitely enlarged, but it alavoided becoming involved in any kind of administraways encounters the unknown. In fact, the actual

tive claptrap, preferring instead to tend to his studies. awareness of the unknown should be greater with the

He has a deep, intense, joyous devotion to scholarship. more learned than with the unlearned. Therefore,

His interests reach beyond the confines of the tradithe worst offense is not in having a wrong opinion—we

tional disciplines; yet his work manifests painstaking all do that much of the time—but, rather, in thinking

that we have all the necessary answers. This is a great Church has always come from those whose arrogance

temptation for the learned and the unlearned. Howabout their academic accomplishments has led them

ever, everything we learn simply reveals all the more to suppose that they can prove that the gospel is not the things we do not know. Clearly no one, not even true. However, an equally serious threat is presented

the most learned, has room to rest or gloat. by those who feel that they can prove that the gospel

While Hugh Nibley has certainly been interested is true. The fact is that no one knows enough to do

in promoting learning among the Saints, at the same either. Acceptance of the gospel is and will remain an

time he has also been interested in exposing the sham act of faith, though not a faith devoid of evidence or pretensions of the learned of this world. The proclamareasons. It is the business of those who accept the

tion of the restored gospel has often met with degospel to explain and defend the faith, but that is rision and contempt from the learned. At times, men exactly where we most often fall down. Often we are

fancy that the gospel is simply too ridiculous to take not sufficiently prepared to advance and defend the seriously; others may imagine that they can transform gospel.

the gospel or even bring it down by merely waving In order to know that Jesus is the Christ, one must their credentials and sneering at the Prophet Joseph have the witness of the Spirit; that is, one must actually

Smith or the modernday scriptures. Behind Dr. Nibbe a prophet. Only the gifts of the Spirit can ultiley's obvious scorn for the posturing and pretense of mately tell us what we really want to know. But such

the scholarly world, there is a deep commitment to inspiration, being both entirely personal and nonthe scholarly enterprise. It is not from a weariness of transferable, cannot be used as evidence in an argulearning or from an anxiety about the fruits of serious ment. Inspiration is an impregnable armor for the

scholarship that he is impelled to expose falsehood one who has it—it provides him a sure source of

among the learned. Instead, it is his love of learning conviction, but it is not a weapon to be used in any

that stands behind his constant debunking of the false operation. After the Spirit has led us to a conviction,

and inept in the proud edifice of scholarship. the hard work has really just begun, for it is then that

Many Saints, however, are deeply troubled by the we need and can use all the learning we can get. It

question of whether advancement in learning will in is this whole point of view that Dr. Nibley represents

some way adversely affect their testimonies of the so well.

gospel, or whether learning is really necessary, after Dr. Nibley's life work is premised upon the propoall is said and done. Clearly, learning does represent sition that it is important for the Saints to know as

a distinct threat to some of our personal views about much as they can and that it is proper to use the both the world and the gospel. Whenever we really intellect to understand and defend the gospel. Our

probe for answers to life's questions, we expose ourdifficulties stem from taking ourselves or our meager selves to the possibility that we will discover somelearning or our world too seriously. If we really take

thing new, but that is exactly what we ask for. The the gospel seriously, if our concern is the Lord and

lack of real learning among the Saints is an even more his righteousness, we need not fear the world and serious matter. A major source of trouble for the its mysteries. O

Era, May 1970 81 A NewLook at the Pearl of GreatRxe Conclusion

Taking Stock

By Dr. Hugh Nibley

"Look here upon this picture and on considered anything of Joseph Smith's the hands of a young man recently this": The long discussion of the Follies worth any serious attention at all; (d) out of graduate school, the lone pracof 1912 with which this series opened they translated nothing and produced titioner of a discipline of which they

has turned out to be no idle sparring none of the "identical"documents, know nothing. Rustics and adolescents

for time or waste of paper. Who which, according to them, were availmight be excused for being bowled over

would have thought that the pattern of able in countless numbers and proved by the sheer majesty of unassailable 1968 could follow that of 1912 as Joseph Smith's interpretations a fraud. authority, but those thinking people

closely as it did? Let us briefly sumThey should have done much better must have been desperately determined

marize the situation as we found it to than they did, since they had everyto get something against Joseph Smith, be in 1912. thing their own way, being free to who, while unable to accept the unaniAt that time it was claimed that the choose for interpretation and comment mous opinion of five of the greatest

pronouncements of five of the greatest whatever was easiest and most obvious, scholars of the past, rested the most scholars of all time had "completely and to pass by in complete silence the important decision of their lives on the demolished"all grounds for belief in many formidable problems presented purely intuitive deduction of a single the divine inspiration or historic auby the three facsimiles. Those Morscholar whose credentials they made no

thenticity of the Book of Abraham and, mons who ventured a few polite and effort to examine.

through it, the Book of Mormon. It diffident questions about the conSince the basic charges against

turned out, however, that Bishop F. S. sistency of the criticisms or the comJoseph Smith emerging from the study

Spalding in gathering and manipulatpleteness of the evidence instantly of the newly found papyri have not ing the necessary evidence for his decalled down upon their heads the been discussed in the pages of the Era, termined and devious campaign had Jovian bolts of the New York Times, it may be well to review them briefly (a) disqualified the Mormons from all accusing them of "reviling scholars and here. Two documents of the Joseph

participation in the discussion on the scholarship."A safer setup for the Smith Papyri were identified and

grounds that they were not professional critics of Joseph Smith could not be translated in 1967/8, the one comprisEgyptologists, (b) sent special warnings imagined. And yet it was they and ing sections from the Book of the Dead,

and instructions to his experts that made not the Mormons who insisted on callthe other being the much rarer but still it impossible for any of them to deing off the whole show just when it was not unknown "Sensen"Papyrus or cide for Joseph Smith, (c) concealed getting interesting. It was not a very "Book of Breathings."Neither of these

all correspondence that did not support edifying performance. texts contained the same reading matthe verdict he desired, (d) given the The project of 1968 may have been ter as the Book of Abraham, but who

learned jury to understand that the origcarried out with more sophistication said they should? A single scholar

inal Egyptian manuscripts were availthan that of 1912, but in the last analyannounced that the text of the Book of able, which they were not, and (e) sis the demonstration rested more than Abraham was supposed to be a transsaid that Mormons claimed them to ever before on an allout appeal to lation of the "Sensen"Papyrus, and, be the unique autographic writing and authority. If anything, the public since it was not, "Abraham"was a

sketching of Abraham—which they today is more prone than ever to achoax. It is on this claim alone that

did not, (f) announced to the world cede to the pressure of official perannouncements have gone forth to the that Joseph Smith was being tested on suasion and more easily overawed by press that the fraudulence of the Pearl linguistic ground alone, specifically as the mystique of sciences that have of Great Price has at last been estab- a translator, though none of his experts become specialized to the point of total lished.

ventured to translate a word of the incomprehensibility. This can be seen What supports the idea that the Book

documents submitted, and (g) rested in the declaration of half a dozen intelof Abraham was thought by Joseph his case on the "complete agreement"lectuals that after a lifetime of belief Smith to be a translation of the of the scholars, who agreed on nothing they have finally and suddenly become Breathing Certificate? Two things:

save that the Book of Abraham was a convinced by the authority of one first, that the "Breathing text"was hoax. Egyptologist that Joseph Smith was a originally adjoined to Facsimile 1 on

The experts (a) did not agree among fraud. The remarkable thing is that the same strip of papyrus, and second,

themselves at all when they spoke these people would be outraged at the that the symbols from the "Breathing without collusion; (b) with the exsuggestion that they accept any demontext"are interpreted bit by bit in a

ception of Breasted, they wrote only stration whatever against the Prophet writing known as "the Egyptian Alphabrief and contemptuous notes, though by experts in their own fields without bet and Grammar"in which the it was claimed that they had given the thoroughly examining the evidence for interpretation turns out to be the same documents "careful consideration"; (c) themselves. Yet it is with an audible as the text of the English Book of

they admitted that they were hasty and sigh of relief that they commit their Abraham. It looks like an openand-

illtempered, since they at no time brains and their immortal souls into shut case, but only if one is determined

to look no further. The demonstration dition of the Infallible Bible, are The Open Door: The decision of the

was simply a matter of matching up unable to conceive of a man's being scholars to avoid the facsimiles and the edges of two pieces of papyrus a prophet and at the same time a faltheir explanation was dictated by and of matching up certain symbols lible mortal; they persist in thinking caution and experience. By choosing

(whether one could read them or not as they did in 1912 that the discovery their own fires to fight, they remain made no difference whatever) with of any slightest flaw in Joseph Smith's masters of the situation. Any attack

passages from the English Book of character or his work must necessarily on the facsimiles, on the other hand,

Abraham. That the latter cannot posbring the whole structure of Mormonpromptly turns into a stunning demonsibly be a translation of the symbols ism down in ruins. It isn't that way at stration of the limitations of Egyptolhas been brilliantly apparent to everyall: all men are subject to vanity, said ogy. The fact is, as we shall soon see,

onethem—andwho hastheyeverarebotheredalreadytocomparedcompare Josepha generousSmith,marginand allof errormust tobebeallowedthemmentsthat nothingof this type,is knownto sayaboutnothingdocuof

for our convenience in the "Alphabet selves. But there are points on which these particular documents, each of

and Grammar."No slightest knowledge no such freedom is allowed; there are which is unique in a number of essenof Egyptian is necessary to convince writings that the Mormons accept as tial points. Still worse are the disturbanybody that when a symbol as brief inspired scriptures, and these include ing number of instances in which

as CAT is "translated"by an involved the explanations to the facsimiles in Joseph Smith's supposedly wild guesses paragraph of over one hundred words, the Book of Abraham. Why have not happen to have anticipated the best

we are not dealing with a "translation"the Egyptologists concentrated on knowledge of the Egyptologists. This

in any accepted sense of the word. If them? Naturally in 1968 priority went is strikingly brought home in the case

it isn't a translation, what is it? Lookto the newly found papyri, which had of Facsimile No. 2.

ing closer we soon discover that the text never been translated and about which In the mid1880s Professor Samuel of the Book of Abraham in the "Alphamany people were understandably Birch of Oxford gathered together every bet and Grammar"has simply been curious and impatient. But when it example he could locate of those round

copied down without alteration or soon became apparent that those docu- "hypocephali"of which Facsimile No.

hesitation, making it perfectly clear ments did not contain any of the text 2 is a good example. His project called

that that translation was completed of the Book of Abraham as we have it, for the collaboration of all interested before it was ever set down beside the it was time for the Egyptologists, havEgyptologists throughout the world in characters from the "Sensen"Papyrus, ing done their work and done it well, an attempt to come to some agreement and that what we have before us in the either to bow out of the scene or to as to what these peculiar objects repre- "Alphabet and Grammar"does not repgo on to the more important and essented. The Joseph Smith hypocephresent an attempt at translation. We sential problems of the facsimiles. All alus was not among those studied,

notice further that nothing in the but one wisely chose the former course, and the work went forward happily "Alphabet and Grammar"is in the recognizing that it was not their busiuninhibited by any reference whatever handwriting of Joseph Smith, and ness as Egyptologists to pass judgment to it or to the Prophet. So it came about

that strangely enough a number of difon matters of divine inspiration or that when certain eminent Egyptoloferent handwritings are involved revelation. The one exception did not gists 28 years later found themselves

showing that something was going on hesitate to convert his doctoral gown confronted by Joseph Smith's interprewhich we do not understand today. We into the starry robe of the clairvoyant tation of Facsimile No. 2 and were

also learn that the "Alphabet and and announce that Joseph Smith asked to give an opinion of it, they

Grammar"was never given out as an thought the papyri on hand contained had their work already done for them.

official or inspired document, was never the text of the Book of Abraham, which All any of them had to do was to point meant for publication, never placed makes him both deceived and a deto the impressive study of 1884 and before the Church for approval, never ceiver. On this highly intuitive conits wellpublicized results, which were

discussed for the record, never exclusion rests the whole case against well known to all of them, and say, plained to the world as the facsimiles Joseph Smith. "Here, my friends, you have the anwere. Did Joseph Smith really transStill, 1968 saw definite progress over swer. This is what a hypocephalus is

late the Book of Abraham from those 1912. For one thing, more is known really about!"How did it happen,

symbols? Of course not! Well then, now about the original documents, then, that none of the experts of 1912

what is wrong? What is wrong, acwhich display a measure of originality so much as mentioned Dr. Birch's

cording to one expert, is that he and oddity that the scholars of 1912 model study and its enlightening rethought he was translating them. And categorically refused to recognize, and sults? Can it possibly be because the

how does the expert know that? Before for which the Mormons cannot be held findings of 1884 were in surprising

going in for mind reading, it might be wholly responsible. It is now generally agreement on every main point with

well to make a closer examination of conceded, as was not the case in 1912, Joseph Smith's interpretation of his the whole problem. Whenever scholars that Egyptian documents can somehypocephalus? We have yet to discuss

have a suspected ancient document to times bear a number of different inFacsimile No. 2, and here we are gettest, as Friedrich Blass says, the first terpretations at once, all being valid, ting ahead of the story; but also we

thing to do is to examine the content and that one and the same document may have here an explanation of why of the document and see if it fits into can be at one and the same time both the experts do not choose to pour their the ancient setting to which it is highly stylized and highly personalized, water on the fire. It only burns more

ascribed. This is exactly what our conventional and yet unique, to suit a brightly when they do.

experts have not done. The question particular purpose or occasion. It is The last Egyptologist to leave the

that constantly comes to mind as one also generally believed now, as it was scene in 1968 banged the door resoconsiders their determined assaults on not in 1912, that there really was an lutely behind him. But the catch did

the Pearl of Great Price is, Why don't Abraham. On such points the authorinot hold; it was very weak. The conthey ever pour their water on the fire? ties of 1912 were convinced that the clusion that Joseph Smith was wrong

The Mormons are deeply concerned final word had been spoken. But they because he thought that the "Sensen"

only with what they accept as scripwere wrong—the door is still wide Papyrus actually contained the full

ture. NonMormons, raised in the traopen. text of the Book of Abraham rests on

Era, May 1970 83 exceedingly indirect and dubious evigenerations students worked with meguest on the king's throne. Here is a

dence. What the "Breathing Certifiticulous care on their little specialized "Big Picture"of which no one dreamed

cate"contains is one question, and it pictures in the confident hope that in in 1912.

has been partially answered. What the end each little piece would fit How much Egyptology depends on

its contents have to do with the Book together with others to give a larger the Big Picture, and how reluctant of Abraham is a very different quesand clearer picture of the world and most Egyptologists are to recognize it, tion, which cannot be answered by a all that's in it. The idea worked: the is strikingly illustrated in Professor de

knowledge of Egyptian alone. The separate studies did show a tendency Buck's work on Egyptian dramatic

"Book of Breathings"has been studied to fit together and fall into patterns. texts. Of one such text he wrote, "...

for many years and by many scholars. Instead of gratifying the scholars, how- a large part of this interesting text

To this day, the conclusions reached by ever, this alarmed most of them, fearful is utterly unintelligible. The first

de Horrak, Brugsch, de Rouge, Chabas, of the dissolution of sacred departcomplete lines tell a clear, coherent and others about a century ago still mental bounds. Within the limits of story, but after a few lines the drift of

hold: (1) though the "SenSen"Book is his specialty the expert is lord and the narrative is completely lost."The

easy to translate, nobody can even master; small wonder if he treasures meaningless text is quite intact, howbegin to understand it; (2) it presents and defends those limits. ever—what is wrong? De Buck extruly astonishing affinities to certain As we see it, the main issue all along plains: "This text... belongs to a

passages and teachings of both the Old between the Latterday Saints and the literary genre of which only a very and New Testaments; (3) its ideas and learned has been that of "the Big few examples are known to us, viz.,

expressions cannot be confined to any Picture"versus "the Little Picture."the socalled dramatic texts."With no

one period of Egyptian history; (4) it The best chance of catching Joseph masterplan to follow, the great de Buck

remains a complete enigma. Smith or anybody else off base is to can produce only such a translation

It is imperative, even if it is somedetect him in some slip visible only to as he describes as "in large part...

what embarrassing, to keep in mind the eagle eye of the specialist with a little more than incoherent words and that the scholars of 1968 are quite as microscope. That is perfectly legitidisjointed phrases."1 Professor de Buck

human as those of 1912. They still canmate, of course, provided the specialist was able to spot this strange and

not speak of Joseph Smith but what lets the rest of us look through his puzzling text only because it fitted into their voices shake with emotion, and microscope and provided he himself a larger category of papyri first recogthey still change the subject with awkknows just what he is seeing. On nized by the learned and imaginative

ward haste whenever he is mentioned. both scores the Egyptologists have been Sethe. It was also de Buck who while

More important, they are still constitudeficient. The rest of us don't know editing the Coffin Texts recognized

tionally incapable of conceiving even how to operate the microscope—we Spell 312 as substantially the same

for a moment and by the wildest will have to take their word for what writing as Chapter 78 of the Book of stretch of the imagination that he might they see; and as to their understanding the Dead, both being derived from an

be right. The history of education makes and interpretation of it, well, who are older lost dramatic text of considerable

it clear at every step that all scholarwe to judge what we can't even see? importance. The foremost American

ship has a religious orientation—the Professor Breasted was able to dismiss authorities on the Book of the Dead

atheism of Eduard Meyer was just as the whole Book of Abraham with have passed over Chapter 78 time and charged with religious emotion as were devastating finality by simply observagain without seeing anything more in the oddly varied but powerfully coning that the Egyptians were polytheists it than Budge saw more than sixty ditioned opinions of Mercer, Sayce, or and the Jews monotheists; within a years ago, and as far as they were convon Bissing. It is sheer nonsense to limited framework this is so, and no cerned the melodrama of the Hawk

pretend that one's scholarly opinions picture was large enough to hold both to the Rescue might have gone undisrest on an intellectual plane aloof from systems in 1912—but today it is a difcovered for centuries. For Egyptologists

any religious influences. A sincere atferent story, and the sweeping decin general, as specialists'specialists,

tempt to maintain such an impossible laration of Breasted gives a comhave always been suspicious of anyposture would require at the very least pletely distorted image which, ironically thing resembling a Big Picture, prethat one leave all questions of revelaenough, the Book of Abraham corferring the safe method of Professor tion and inspiration strictly out of the rects. Again, the idea of Abraham Battiscombe Gunn, who insisted on

discussion of Joseph Smith's writings, sitting on Pharaoh's throne (Facsimile treating every Egyptian text as a comwhich calls for a degree of detachment No. 3) caused the experts to roar plete, selfcontained, independent, isothat none of the critics, in 1912 or 1968, with laughter in 1912—since when lated entity.

was ever able to achieve. does Pharaoh, of all people, allow Of course there is something to be

The Big Picture and the Little Picothers to sit on his very own throne? said for tending strictly to the day's

ture: It is important to specialize. It Ever since prehistoric times is the assignment; one can overdo the Big

is sound professional policy to deal answer now. Up until this very writPicture, as amateurs and cranks are

with something that nobody else ing the present author had never liable to do. But the fad remains

understands. But there are natural thought to connect the Book of Abrathat the Great Egyptologists have all

limits to specialization: inevitably one ham with a lengthy study published been those who were willing to venture

reaches the point at which the study by him in the Classic Journal 25 farther than other men and risk the of a single star cannot be pursued years ago, in which he cited a dozen censure of their colleagues in a quest further until one has found out about instances in which nonroyal individuals for wider vistas and associations. The

a lot of other stars. The little picture were permitted to sit on kingly thrones safe conservative majority still prefer to

starts expanding into a big picture, and during the observance of certain rites explain the whole magnificent complex we soon discover that without the big common to many ancient civilizations, of Egyptian civilization as a fortuitous picture the little one cannot be underincluding that of Egypt. Today the and haphazard accumulation of junk,

stood at all. In the study of the anprincipal emphasis in studies of Egypand Egyptian religion as an amalgacient world the big picture, long tian and Canaanitish religion is on mation of cult objects thrown together

ignored by scholars, has been coming those very rites, with special attention from countless local shrines where into its own in recent years. For to the honored (and usually doomed) their original primitive significance had

been forgotten long before the fusion. enough for them to do that then, for

Even though the Egyptians were able they all considered the biblical Abrato impose on the structure a wonderful ham to be a mere myth and some of consistency and uniformity of style them had written books and articles while at the same time achieving a to prove it. But now that Abraham

technical skill that fills us with awe, has become a real person, we are obstill, most Egyptologists insist on seeing liged to test the facsimiles in the light in the whole stunning performance of the extensive archaeological and only a majestic facade with nothing literary materials that are today bringbehind it. Because of this attitude, ing to life the man and the world in

according to Bleeker in his recent study which he lived.

of Egyptian festivals, Egyptologists This takes us beyond the range of "have not succeeded in presenting a the Egyptologists and breaks their satisfactory description of ancient relimonopoly. They take comfort in the Wheat is tor man. Retain the valuable

gion. Evidently, they have not asked proposition that if Joseph Smith can nutrients lost through other milling

themselves what their approach to this be debunked in any one area, it makes methods. Use the wheat you now have

religion ought to be. They have obno difference what evidence might seem stored and save money while enjoying

viously studied this ancient religion to support his position in another. better tasting, more nutritious food.

from the viewpoint of a modern EuroThat argument is valid, however, only disclosures of the the worse still, in the one area modern ifpean"-—or have Buy an scientist exhaustive, evolutioncomplete been and the with whichAmerican

case. shoulder. anythingary the has but been chip on his Here All Grain Stone Grinding the of experience to teach larger contexts is a 1912 should Blindness

constitutional defect of human thinkus a lesson. Never were men more Flour Mill

ing imposed by the painful necessity confident that enough was known by of being able to concentrate on only them on one point at least to prove Today one thing at a time. We forget as we Joseph Smith hopelessly and irreImmediate Delivery

virtuously concentrate on that one deemably wrong; satisfied with that,

thing that hundreds of other things they considered the problem solved.

are going on at the same time and on Yet it was precisely on that one point, Also available: High protein wheat for

every side of us, things that are just the possibility of ties between Abraham use or storage.

as important as the object of our study and the facsimiles, that their position For full information, write:

and that are all interconnected in ways was weakest, since, as it turned out that we cannot even guess. Sad to say, later, they knew virtually nothing at ALLGRAIN FLOUR MILL

our picture of the world to the degree all either about Abraham or the faclo which it has that neatness, precision, similes. The same tendency to settle Dept. E P.O. Box 115

and finality so coveted by scholarship for premature conclusions was apparTremonton, Utah 84337 is a false one. I once studied with a ent in 1968. For example, when the Openings available for full or parttime

famous professor who declared that he experts offer a possible or plausible sales representatives.

deliberately avoided the study of any explanation of some figure in the facliterature east of Greece, lest the new similes, e.g., a crocodile or a bird, they

vision destroy the architectonic perfecinvariably put forward their explanathe tion as exanswer, construction one possible celebrated oftion his own all others. all COX'S DELICOUS of Egyptologists of that cludingof. His picture mind. the Greek

be the first should but, I people to acknowlimpressive immenselymind was explanation of a CreamedHoney one possible edge that misleading. suspect,strongly completely

It is against the wider background of bird, while perfectly acceptable, by no one of the best in the U.S.

excludes the from Egyptian ceremonies traditions meansreligious and GIFT A SPECIALTY BOXES valid equally other explanations to Ancient East mind most of thecommon For welfare storage purposes that the facsimiles in the Book of of the same object. famous for its flavor and quality

Abraham begin to make real sense, and To avoid looking seriously into the -NyV. (Write for Free Brochure)

this of possible explanation Smith's explanations of countlessthat Joseph MCf> bull's-eye after anEgyptologist the today or that figure, scores one NrS&|J Shelley,COX HONEYIdaho FARMS83274them other. Interestingly enough, it was the can shrug his shoulders and declare

insisted the course, of "of that impatience on forcing 1912 thatjury with some of to the the attention so can Widely acclaimed.. Picture is determined doBig on anybody who

world. For there was just one thing make out a case for Joseph Smith or highly esteemed

on which they all agreed regarding anything else."Whether this is true

the facsimiles, one thing alone on or not (and we seriously doubt it), the for has hesitated statement a such makes of themwhich none who a man cerfor corner; absolute into to himself speak a with paintedmoment JewelJewelry Company as 0-.\fC/o\aaaSl. facfinality: the a case, out as no one can long make Whatevertainty and

similes might be, or whatever they matter how flimsy, for Joseph Smith, this to against be concannot according case verdict, the him mean,might writer's closed. sidered anything possibly have not ownthey could The pur42TelephoneW. 2nd So.,(801)Salt3221039LakeCity.Ut. 84101

whatever to do with Abraham. By pose in snooping around in the stacks

bringing Abraham into the picture so has been simply to throw out suggesforcefully, they pushed out the walls tions and hint at possibilities. Not

Securities Experienced insist that their for any of WANTED: a does he thanto take in moment more territory

for progressive Trader Overthe- e.g., of the figures safe explanation, his It warranted.specialties own was firm, Salt securities counter

Lake City and Provo, Utah and Las Vegas.

Era, May 1970 85 Reply:Lake P.City,0. UtahBox 8411111171 Salt

in Facsimile No. 1, is correct. It is moment was rescued by an angel, who the track of something. The newer

enough that an explanation is conaccomplished his mission by smiting studies of Abraham are much conceivable, enough to show that many the assembly with a disastrous earthcerned with his Asiatic background possibilities remain to be considered, to quake. We read of the strange humiliaand with the mysterious kings of

keep the door open. Until far more tion and conversion of the king, and Genesis 14. Most mysterious of all is

work has been done, the idea of disof Abraham's yet stranger refusal to his archrival, the enigmatic Nimrod crediting Joseph Smith on the strength let him share in his priestly functions. whom the legends identify with

of one completely demonstrated point We read of kings and princes doing Pharaoh or the father of a Pharaoh must yield to the opposite reasoning: obeisance to Abraham, clad in royal and with an Asiatic upstart king who

Whenever any evidence favors the Book insignia at the behest of the king, who seized the throne of Egypt. There

of Abraham, conflicting evidence may shortly before had tried to put him to were a number of such kings, and the be discounted until further investigadeath. We also read of Isaac and name of Nimrod is closely tied with

tion, since the chances of such agreeSarah going through much the same certain Asiatic or Libyan dynasties ment are much rarer than the almost experience as did Abraham, placed that ruled in Egypt, the most illustrious unlimited possibilities of disagreement. upon the altar or the lioncouch, prayof the line being that Shishaq I, who

We frankly prefer the Big Picture to ing in a single voice with Abraham for reintroduced human sacrifice in Egypt the singleshot solution, having found deliverance, saved at the last moment and had particularly close family and it to be far more foolproof than any by an angel. other ties with Israel. He was the son

little picture. Composed as it is of The chorus of voices from the East and the father of a Nimrod, and both

thousands of little images, the big one is surprisingly joined by another from names occur frequently. The only

can easily dispense with large numthe West, a mass of classical lore all time the name of Abraham has ever bers of them without suffering subgoing back to Minoan and Mycenaean turned up in an Egyptian document stantially. It is a huge overall sort of times. It depicts the same distracted was when Breasted and others spotted

thing, supported by great masses of world as that of the Abraham legends, it on a stele of Shishaq I, found in evidence, but nonetheless presenting a the same desperate, famineridden Palestine. The identity of the name

clear and distinct image. No one can people seeking to stem the allpervad- has been questioned, of course, but

be sure of a little picture, on the other ing drought and make the waters flow never disproven. In the light of such

hand; at any moment some new disby the same great public ceremonies; things one can only ask whether it is

covery from some unexpected direction it tells us of that strange breed of kings pure accident that the name of Shismay wipe it out. Let us take a brief who tried to put their noble guests to a haq (or Sheshonq) occurs on Facdistant view of the Big Picture of Abraritual death on cunningly devised altars simile No. 2; if there was ever an

ham that is just beginning to emerge in order to save their own lives and Egyptian family in which one would from the fog. Here is a longforgotten restore fertility to their afflicted lands; expect the name of Abraham to be

body of apocryphal stories about the it tells us how the scheme failed when remembered, it would surely be that of

Patriarch, the oldest and most impor- a noble, suffering, godlike, traveling the Sheshonqids. The presence of

tant being of very recent publication stranger turned the tables and was writings attributed to Abraham in the and neither this author nor any of his miraculously delivered from the altar hands of the Sheshonq family is in itcolleagues had ever heard of them at the last moment, while the officiatself by no means an unlikely situation, before 1968! We read of desperate ing priest of the king himself paid the but of course absolutely nothing has

people seeking security in a world of sacrificial price. Fittingly, these old been proven as yet. That is just the

drought and famine by rushing to the stories all point to Egypt as the scene point: wherever we look the Big Picsupplication of idols. We read of their and Busiris and Heracles as the actors ture stretches out, a huge, dim patchsordidly materialistic civilization, their in the primal version of this strange work sprawl of history and legend

greed, meanness, and inhospitality. We drama, Heracles being the standard awaiting the explorer of future generaread of their horrible sacrificial rites, of substitute for any suffering hero whose tions. Far beyond our scope or grasp,

the offering up of their children to real name was forgotten. Vital to the it is enough at the present moment to

idols. We read of their great ceremonial understanding of such traditions is the show that it is there.

assemblies at huge ritual complexes, of now recognized interplay of ritual and There are those who deplore the the royal victims offered, of princesses history in the ancient world, where study of such things as "esoteric"and compelled to compromise their virtue great ritual events were major historic "exotic."By very definition the unor suffer death. We read of kings inmilestones and typical historical events known is always exotic and the littlesecure on their thrones and determined were duly ritualized. This means that known is always esoteric; the terms are

to establish and retain a royal line, there can be no objection to the picture relative—to the departmental philosseeing their worst enemy and opponent of Abraham on the altar as an authentic opher even Latin may be esoteric and

in Abraham. We read of constant tenstereotype; and indeed, the Book of Greek positively exotic. Now the office

sion between matriarchal and patriAbraham beats us to the punch when and calling of scholarship and science archal traditions; of a king who coveted it explains that Abraham was by no is to investigate the unknown, and

priestly authority above all things and means the only noble victim to suffer people who engage in such work are tried to buy it from Abraham; of hunritual death on that peculiar lionnot ashamed of admitting that it ingry migrants driven from place to shaped altar. The legends that recall trigues them—it is exciting and even

place and crisis to crisis; of rites and the same situation, therefore, offer romantic stuff; the motion is always

ordinances all directed to combatting powerful confirmation of the event. away from the commonplace and

an allpervading drought and assuring Each of the vignettes that have just familiar to the strange and wonderful.

the fertility of the land and prestige of flashed by us—a very incomplete list The established academician with his the king. We read of Egypt in Canaan indeed—has a double link, one with triedand-tested platitudes and truisms

and Canaan in Egypt, culturally, pothe historical and archaeological recis welcomed to his world of preaching litically, and especially religiously. We ord indicating that there was something and posturing, but the greatest appeal

read of a peculiar altar built for the behind it, and the other with the Book of the gospel in every age has been sacrificing of Abraham, of how he of Abraham. What more do you that it is frankly wonderful—one

prayed for deliverance and at the last want? Joseph Smith was certainly on glorious surprise after another.

Perhaps the most remarkable thing baffling business on the lioncouch, about the Book of Mormon and the incidentally!].... As a rule, the auPearl of Great Price is the way they thors... are content with a factual

knocked the walls out of the narrow description bereft of any thoroughreligious edifice of Western Man of the going explanation."(P. 94.) Most

early nineteenth century. Without Egyptologists, in fact, pride themselves

them Mormonism might well be on sticking to purely descriptive obcharged, as it has been, with being servations and avoiding the pitfalls of nothing but a segment of a narrow speculation.

isolated subsection of Protestant Chris- (5) But that gets them nowhere:

tianity. With them, it breaks into the "It is meaningless to collect data,"says

Big Picture in the grand manner, for Bleeker, without asking "what did the is as believe?"(P. 141.) takes us There far Egyptians books of thesewhile one SNOW COLLEGE, a junior college

is to posas it place in must learn no escaping time and it: "Oneaway offers

sible to get in human history, showing think as an Egyptian in order to underGod's dealings as it were with men stand his religion [p. 142].... One QUALITY EDUCATION (1) that will

of another world, the other by choosing must learn to think Egyptian"(p. 1). prepare the student who graduates for

or college fouryear transfer to any for all cuts this leaves provenance us the But us Egyptian in a dilemma:an

is fully acCollege university. Snow religious slice the of does learning to one possible aboutlargest go How reputation her credited academic and

race. think Egyptian, of the and does oneexperience how that wilt the ranks her best; (2) among O, ye of little knowledge!—The know when one has succeeded? Living offer students opportunity in any of

trouble with the little picture is that teachers we have none; we can only several terminal programs (one or two

one can never be sure of it It is outlearn to think Egyptian by a thorough years in length) that will prepare them lined by the areas that surround it, and understanding of the Egyptian books, for competitive entry into the work if one ignores them, the lapidary perfecwhich of course cannot be understood world.

tion of the small picture is little more until we first know how to think EgypSCHOOL ENVIRONMENT SMALL case doodling. spent "The Stephen tian. Alexander long a glorified M.than approximately 1000)—perof the years Hopis most helpful writes the the and in among theat issue,"attention discriminating by teachend (enrollmentmits

critics of 1968, is "what are the facadmitted that he had never been able ers, counselors and administrators, and similes?"And indeed, until we know to so much as peep under the blanket retention of the personal identity of

exactly what the facsimiles are, it makes of Hopi religious thought. Even if an the individual student.

no difference what we may think Egyptologist were to fly through time

Joseph Smith thought they were. The and live among the ancient Egyptians, OPEN TO ALL QUALIFIED STUDENTS OF COLOR still at various guarantee ofquestion be answered have no would we can than more 90% OR CREED—but,REGARDLESS his to of partial "think Egyptian."capacity anany numberlevels, and is are L.D.S. It of students There an

swers are possible. That is typical of is impertinent to claim mastery of a L.D.S. Institute and Activity Center, a

Egyptian questions, as Professor Bleeker mode of thought when no control exists vigorous L.D.S.S.A. organization, and

shows at length in his new book on to confirm or refute our claims. student wards.

the festivals. Here are some points Now there are great bodies of EgypCLEAN, FRESH ENVIRONMENT—like texts, tian religious the Pyramid makes:he

air, Mountainfresh beautiful scenery.

Texts, there of Egyptian Texts Coffin understanding and and An (1) big city, of the but close arc Out enough also of pictures, through huge albums best be achievedreligion like the can for access. easy

the study of the festivals, since these Medinet Habu reliefs or the vignettes supply us with the abundance of docufrom the Book of the Dead, and there COLLEGEOWNED AND PRIVATE ments we need. (P. 141.) can be no doubt that some of these HOUSING OF EXCELLENT QUAL- (2) These documents, however, are texts go together. But since they are ITY—For men and women. Supervised.

only pictures, for which no written not found together, we can only guess

SOCIAL AND goes with which which. available, cannot are asideexplanations from We well but RICHPROGRAMS—Numerous,CULTURAL prove, for texts example, labels, that the brief forvery "the Egyptian we balanced and varied....".

.. illustrate cited to the lioncouch scene to explain them. needfelt no

(P. 142.) really belong to it; but neither can FOR INFORMATION: Write to Office

(3) Accordingly, in spite of our anyone prove the opposite in the of the President, Snow College, Ephmonumental compilations of pictures present state of our knowledge. raim, Utah 84627.

and texts, "extremely few facts are So the Egyptologists in confining known about the festivals of even the themselves to purely descriptive activiwell-known gods."(P. 33.) The ties are doing the safe thing. But no

Egyptologist must be reconciled to the science is content with mere descripfact that "there will always be gaps tion, and the more descriptive sciences in his knowledge and that his insight have hit upon a way of making up for will always prove inadequate. For the their deficiencies. It is showmanship

data with which he is working are what would any learned profession be scanty, uninformative, and sometimes without it? The scholars of 1912

extremely difficult to explain."(P. 1.) played a shrewd game when they con-

(4) Hence the usual practice has ducted the public as it were into the been for the Egyptologist simply to awesome recesses of the Egyptian describe what he sees and let it go at Museum and there, pointing with mute that: "There has yet to be written a eloquence to a lot of things that looked

critical analysis of the fragmentary something like the facsimiles, let the data and a satisfactory interpretation world draw its own conclusions, that of these ceremonies [including that these things in some mysterious way

Era, May 1970 87 proved Joseph Smith a fraud. The a key."(Pp. 1618, 104, 144.) he said that it is meaningless merely

main purpose of the expedition was to It would appear that the experts of to collect data and describe things.

silence criticism: you must admit that 1912 did not know enough to suspect Even the evolutionary rule doesn't exthe Egyptian Collection for sheer mass the limitations that crowded them on plain very much in Egypt: "It is

and charge is intimidating to a layevery side. Knowing nothing, they doubtful,"wrote Bleeker, "whether

man, an overpowering demonstration thought they knew everything, and in there is any point in inquiring into the of the boundless accomplishments of a way they did. For how can a man development of ancient Egyptian

science. The visitor is embarrassed by be charged with ignorance who knows thought, as Breasted in particular has

the riches that surround him and made all that is known, and hence all that done"(p. 8), the trouble with that

crushingly aware of his own ignorance. there is to be known, on a subject? The being that one simply reconstructs the

And when a tall, dignified man bustles rock upon which scholarship builds its past according to one's preordained through the halls with a paper in his house is that maxim dear to the heart pattern. The tags and labels in the

hand, he can only whisper with reof A. E. Housman: "Among the blind museum, like those hypnotic—nay,ligious awe to whoever is with him, a oneeyed man is king!"The Egypstupefying—captions to the pictures in

"There goes the Curator, the Man Who tologist is in the enviable position of nature and travel magazines, impart an

Knows!"And right here we have the being able to say with stately simplicair of intimate knowledge (few suspect

crux of the matter, which is that the ity, when confronted by a word or how often they are totally inaccurate!),

curator does not know. Let us refer sentence he cannot read, "It cannot be and seem designed to indicate with a

again to the festival reliefs, the most read,"and retire from the scene with few modest words the boundless numerous and impressive objects ever enhanced rather than damaged prestige. treasures that repose under the lid. But

to come under the surveillance of a As we pass through the hallowed don't be fooled: the reason they tell

curator. Nothing is more familiar to halls of the museum, avidly reading us so little is simply that they have

the Egyptologist than these wonderful the labels on everything, we begin to no more to tell. "The great voids and

scenes of offering and presentation refeel a vague sense of annoyance with flaws in the tenuous fabric of our peated over and over again hundreds the little tags and snippets of informaknowledge,"writes Paul Weiss, are of times. Yet Professor Bleeker assures tion that are being handed out to us. "now covered by illusive verbal wrapus that no real explanation of them, These prim little inscriptions rarely do pings, which insinuate knowledge

ancient or modern, is available, that all more than describe what we can see when there is none."3

we shall ever know about them is what for ourselves. As our feet become hotFrom the museum we turn to the

we can guess by looking at the mute ter and our enthusiasm cooler, we "Sensen"Papyrus. What are we toldpictures themselves—"a lock without wonder if Bleeker was not right when about it? Again the familiar tags and

THE LEADING L.D.S. FUNERAL DIRECTORS OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA

Every service L.D.S. arpersonally Melvin P. Randall Lowell ranged, supervised directed and L.D.S.Manager, Department by Mgr. SanJ.GabrielCampbell Unit these leading 2941025 L.D.S. Directors. Funeral 2830023 2870595

A staff of 12 competent L.D.S.

men and women to assist you.

Regardless of where you own cemetery property, call Pierce Brothers for "THE PERFECT TRIBUTE"Los Angeles, Phone 213749-4151

More Latterday Saint families call

R. Reid Wallace E. Baxter Donald PIERCE Associate BROTHERS Associate 21 CONVENIENT NEIGHBORHOOD MORTUARIES 8383956 2849817

INDIAN RECORD ALBUMS 1 YEAR FOOD RESERVE PLAN Lamanite music in Stereo

Foods Quality Dehydrated SamAndy 12 Son Go My—VISIT HOGLE ZOO IN SAFELY STORED UTAH Eagle's the From Bed 14 Songs Songs—Over 600 mammals, Future For Your NEEDS for each $4.50'2 $8.50—birds and reptiles

Eagle Records DRIED FOODS University Station 330 Hyrum, P.O. Box 220, Utah 84319 j&n on9:30exhibit.to 6:00 p.m. BoxBlueProvo, Utah 84601

SUMMER HOURS to 9:30 8:00 p.m. Sales ManExperienced WANTED: GENEALOGISTS SalesSecurities ager and NASD |itit;e list of over items. I Mr FAMILY Xerox FOR 300 FUN

for progressive new, men pictures each. 5c Genealogy copied copying THE YEAR 'ROUND Salt City brokerage. Lake and Sunnyside Ave. 2600 5c; additional 5 (each 30c copy see page

Vegas. Provo, Las Utah and So.) (850 of orders catalog). Mail welcomed.

Reply: P. O. Box 11171 Salt Salt Lake City, Utah STEVENSON'S

Lake City, Utah 84111 Telephone 3221631 GENEALOGICAL CENTER 230 West 1230 North, Provo, Utah 84601

Books from TRILOGY ARTS bring the richness of Latterday Saint living.

snippets: The lady's name refers to the

Theban moongod, son of Amon and

Nut; AmonRe, king of the gods, is the

chief deity of the great Temple of

Karnak at Thebes; Min Bullof-hisMother is a common epithet of the THE SEARCH

fertility Governor Khons the god Min;

is by "justified"of Khons; is an epithet

after the placed epithet usualthe name is Carol Lynn Pearson title Osirisof the person; deceased a

all in deceased mortuary to thegiven THE SEARCH

B.C.; is thetexts after about 2200 Re

sun god. Osiris joins him in his daily

circuit around the earth; Nut is the sky

goddess, sister and wife of Geb; natron BEGINNINGS, Carol Lynn Pearson's first

was used by the Egyptians instead of book, has placed her as a Latterday Saint in America. poets topselling And the among-

... It on. sosoap. so on and And

of belief expressions reason. Her is with good preall in as routine the and handbook, are this of doubt in affirmation day and

jerk, the asdictable Approved a knee alike. to nonmember and exciting member

that leaves us SolutionSchool none will no doubt that There is SEARCH THE bereft description "factualthe wiser, equal satisfaction inspiration and CAROL LYNN PEARSON provide of any thoroughgoing explanation,"as to BEGINNINGS.

Bleeker puts it. If we are not given

arresting value, of solidanything and of that AN IDEAL GIFT FOR MOTHER'S DAY! there is nothingit is because

kind to give. If there is any reality behind the facsimiles, Egyptology has yetto discover it. STARCOUNTER

The last page of the latest and one by Dennis Smith of the best of Egyptian grammars (de Buck's) warns the student that An inspiring reminisEgyptian cultic texts are full of errors, cence that helps to bridge due to the process of transmission, but the distance between the what is worse, that "even where the generations as an adult translation is assured, the content reviews youth, the first mains for us a sealed book."At the stage of man as a consame time, the latest studies of the stant discoverer. We read

recogdelight as webestknown buildthings nize as suchtian rites—theand Openingbestdocumentedof the MouthEgypwith foring tree houses with

(Otto), the Heb Sed (Bleeker), and the bidden lumber, or divingroyal sacrifices (Derchain)—all insist into ponds netted with

with great emphasis that, contrary to moss as some of the first what has always been assumed, virtumortal steps toward eterally nothing is known about any of nal progression.

these rites or in all probability ever will be known. Since the matter of our

three facsimiles is undeniably related Enrich your life spiritually with rites, since the categoriesto these to creative literature from (lioncouch, these scenes belongwhich hypocephalus, and presentation) have never been carefully studied,- and since the specific place of each of the three never has categoryscenes within its

it of TRILOGY ARTS short is nothing examined,been chicanery for anyone to pretend that Box 843 Provo, Utah 84601 he knows what the facsimiles are is legitimate It perfectlyabout. to Please send me these things, guessspeculate about and

but not to pontificate about them—not

for anyone. -copies of THE SEARCH. 2.95 each,

At all times the whole discussion of the facsimiles in the Book of Abraxopies of STARCOUNTER. 2.95 each,

that go with papyri them and theham.copies of BEGINNINGS. 2.50 each. one alone: and hinged one pointhas on

Who really knows? We will readily Enclosed is payment of.

grant that Professor X can read Egyptian as well as anybody else can, but is Name that enough? Is it even relevant?

Every eminent Egyptologist has comStreet mented with dismay on the circumCity AVAILABLE AT ALL LDS BOOKSTORES

Era, May 1970 89 Would You Be Interested In Joining Forces

With This Group To Bring Greater

Achievement and Happiness To Families In

Your Area... And A Handsome FiveFigure

Income To You? Associate With Success...

DECIDE TODAY TO FIND OUT HOW Art Linkletter YOU TOO J to PER YEAR WITH f50,000UUfUUUCAN EARN 15,000| ||fIfUU

Former Miss America FamilyzActiievement institute Marilyn VanDerbur

What are your personal goals? Would you

like...... to have the thrill of owning your

own business?

... to render a much needed service Dr. Norman

to families in your area? Vincent Peale

... to have an annual profit potential Pat Boone

from $15,000 to $50,000? It is for the entire family... a program rector from the Home Office who can

If these are your goals, but your present for which almost every family in your area help you work out any sales or manageposition doesn't give you the opportunity will be a prospective customer. ment questions you may have.

to fulfill them... then you should conAnd the Family Achievement Institute ProAdd it all up! A tremendous product with

tact Family Achievement Institute today. gram is backed up by one of the greatest unlimited prospects... the opportunity to

Here is why! marketing teams ever assembled. FAI has perform a vital and needed service for the

Family Achievement Institute has introbecome a Division of International Marfamilies in your area... a prestige career

duced a program which is a powerful, keting Corporation. This means that you... the opportunity to build personal

positive, and practical method to help will have help to accentuate your success equity in a business that will grow in families promote greater family success from some of the most respected people value as you become more successful...

... enjoy more family unity... create in direct sales and franchising. The aid the chance to own a business with an outmore and better family communication. you'll receive includes: standing sales organization... and the

Now you can build your own sales or-... Complete sales training. potential to earn according to your ownganization and distribute this outstanding... Aid in recruiting an effective, acdesires and abilities—$15,000, $20,000,

program in your area... with help from tive sales organization so that you $30,000, $50,000 and up.

a company that is writing one of the most can profit from all they do.

exciting records of success in the history... Professionally developed marketing What it adds up to is one of the most

of franchising in the United States. plans. unique business opportunities ever offered.

You will distribute a distinguished pro-... A sales promotion program that But ail we want you to do right now is to

gram... endorsed, narrated, supported produces results. let us send you additional information...

and advertised by the most respected... The most complete library of manso you can make up your own mind. You

group of national personalities ever asagement aids available in franchisare under no obligation. Decide today to

full facts selling ing today. greatest get the about the a dewhich program wassembled...

service a lifetime. of opportunity Advertising and Public and years a a... National of four period byveloped over

competent, educated group of reasearch Relations programs. Send us the coupon today... or if you

technicians, social scientists, and educaIn addition, you will always have access cannot wait to have your questions antors. by telephone to an experienced Sales Diswered, call us collect.

Write or Call Collect TODAY!

Family*

cActiievement institute P. O. Box 790 A

Norman, Oklahoma 73069 Phone: (405) 3642410

A DIVISION OF INTERNATIONAL |/M\C MARKETING CORPORATION

Istance that one can read a text readily leave the field without forfeiting the SALTZLAKE OJVICOTTONWOOD OGDEN and even glibly without having the game. The opposition have been only

vaguest idea of what it is about. The too glad to call a halt at any time;

only chance of progress in such a they were in an unseemly hurry to state is, as de Buck points out, to seek blow the whistle in 1912, and that the widest possible associations—a proshould have tipped the Mormons off.

cedure of which most Egyptologists are But the Mormons did not realize the deeply suspicious. strength of their own position and reUnexplained Territory: It is only lapsed into silence, not from any fear

the last step that counts, as the French of controversy (they do not have to say, and so far nobody has taken it. issue daily bulletins from the houseThe hopes for a quick decision with tops, as their enemies have done), but

the finding of the Joseph Smith Papyri out of preference for smoother and were blasted when it became apparent easier roads of knowledge.

on the one hand that those documents In 1833 the School of the Prophets do not contain the Book of Abraham, 'at Kirtland adopted a basic curriculum and on the other that the connection of Latin, Greek, and Hebrew, and for a between the socalled Egyptian Alphatime some of the brethren, following bet and Grammar and the Book of the example of the Prophet, seriously

Abraham is anything but clear. The came to grips with those languages.

work has hardly begun, but people still The program was violently interrupted, seek the safe and easy solution of aubut it was enough to serve notice that thority and ask with impatience, the Mormons intended to study the hard "Can't you spare us all that speculaway and to take advantage of all the tion and surmising and comparing and resources that are available for the illustrating and simply give us the restudy of the scriptures. God had told

sults?"The antiMormons have been Oliver Cowdery in no uncertain terms

only too glad to do just that, but we that revelation follows study and may must never let them make us forget never be claimed as a substitute for it.

that proof is a process, not an answer, (D&C 9:7-8.) The bringing forth of

and that there is no such thing as total the papyrus fragments in 1967 was a knowledge. A thing is proven when reminder to the Saints that they are

the individual is convinced, but no one still expected to do their homework can ever share just the thoughts and and may claim no special revelation experiences that add up to proof in the or convenient handout solutions as greatest selection treasureignore vast as they the long of writer another.mind cannot This

of materials has that far placed TWO PANT house very along the the road withgo God their reach.Egyptologists, to canwithin be sure, but he have only taken a preWOOL SHARKSKIN responsibility of So farnot escape the going we

on his own just as far as he possibly liminary view of a few problems raised SUITS can. The same obligation rests on by Facsimile No. 1, and hardly even

every other person who would pass mentioned Facsimiles 2 and 3, which in designed and tailored judgment on Joseph Smith. For their way are even more challenging expressly for missionaries

enlightening.centuries astronomers the described enhave dealt and We Wisest choice for young men tirelycraters in possibilities, of in certiof the the rings never moon and

Saturn, but their explanations of those tudes, possibilities being all we need who need a perfect appearphenomena were no better than the to keep the door open. "The method of ance—and miles of extra

thoughtful guesses of anybody else. critical discussion,"says Karl Popper, wear! Tailored of a strong

Today all that the experts can do with "does not establish anything. Its vertwo-ply wool with two pair

the facsimiles is to describe them dict is always and invariably 'not of pants 97.50

what they really say remains anyproven.'"As long as a single aspect other models from 79.95

body's guess. Egyptologists would do of any problem raised by the Book of

well to heed the maxim of the most Abraham remains unexamined, as long ZCMI MEN'S CLOTHINGall stores famous of Egyptian sages, the immoras there is the remotest possibility that tal Ptahhotep: "Be not arrogant beany slight detail of any significance The Best in the West

knowledge,cause have of thy have been overlooked, and as no may long as The original in learned possible a a singleconfidence that thou art relevant text remains man. Take counsel with the ignorant unread, we must hold our final word HISTORIC TOUR

as with the wise, for the limits of art in abeyance. to

Hill Pageant Cumorah artist fully reached, becannot and no librarian years in few ago a Sab A the East and."*

., skill. hispossesseth issue revived City of the Lake dormant

24th July Saints in Latterday facsimiles of not the the have Book Many Abraham sites Historical Kansas City—Bus too the force great proclaiming with inbeen Smith a Fly to with happy by Joseph SPAIN MEXICO EUROPE—to—

series of of fatal lectures givingPapyri, instead that the which one them '70 SO. EXPO AMERICA ORIENT——

all that to set all in mistake only the answers Smith Joseph work them made CRUISES on a lot of problems with which none his career of deception was to publish of this generation is prepared to deal. a commentary on Egyptian documents VIDA FOX CLAWSON

But it was the Mormons who started that would someday be an open book Phone: 3280303 216 So. 13th East

this game, and it is their responsibility to science. The librarian had it backSalt Lake City, Utah 84102

to keep it going. They can never again wards. It would be hard to find any

Era, May 1970 91 Introducing

document that Joseph Smith or anyone else could have selected, whose nature and purpose is more effectively locked up from the scrutiny of the learned.

To the eye of the candid unbeliever the

Prophet may be considered particularly lucky in having hit upon these singularly enigmatic objects as the subject of his discourses, and to have been thrice lucky in coming up with a history of Abraham that fits so nicely

INTERLAKEN ESTATES traditionswith the aboutold Abrahamwhich he legendsknew nothand ing. Whether it was luck or not, we

the fairness in all deny him In Utah's Beautiful Heber Valley cannot igreal very of our advantage own building lots available that will make a dream come true for your second home norance by continuing to conceal it. It

is on the absurd assumption of a whole 40 minutes from Salt Lake andand onsolidthatknowledgealone thatofthethecasefacsimilesagainst 30 minutes from Provo Joseph Smith rests at the moment.

A great new 18hole golf course within walking servicesQuestionof professionalTime: EverEgyptologistssince the

distance were enlisted to contribute to the downof the Prophet, beginning in 1845, An attractive investment opportunity in an excitfall stock question been addressed one has ing growth area to the Mormons with tireless perscholars sistence: spoken; have "The

honest don't do the you Complete utilities—electricity—water—sewage why disposal and accept the verdict of the experts?"thing

Year round activities in crisp mountain air The answer should be clear by now:

"Why don't you do the honest thing

Telephone collect 3640447 (Mon. thru Fri. 8-5) and find out how much the experts

really know?"Both questions are perSaturday and Sunday and after 5 p.m. in Salt Lake 485U990 fectly legitimate. During the past

in Provo 2252993 hundred years the general public has known next to nothing about the moon, and yet when an intelligent and

Interlaken Estates dedicated man who has spent his life 223 South 7th East gazing at the moon offers to tell us

Salt Lake City, Utah just how our satellite originated, the ignorant public hesitates to accept his

Yes Sir! Those Heber Valley Mountains and the attraction of golfing, swimming, opinion as binding or final. Why? How

boating, fishing, horseback riding, skiing and snowmobiling sound like part of my can we ignoramuses in all honesty dream for the future for complete relaxed living. Please send me more information. question the learned specialist for a

moment?

Well, for one thing, if we are honest

Name we must admit that our knowledge is

Address far too limited to permit us to judge of the man's competence—and that is

City... State Zip Code exactly what he is asking us to do

when he solicits our assent. Then too,

we feel that our expert is going too far: we are willing enough to accept

his purely descriptive statements about the size, specific gravity, motion, etc.,

of the moon, but when he presumes to tell us things bordering on ultimate origins, common sense admonishes caution. Science, as we are often told

today in the scientific journals, only describes things—it does not explain

them; an observation is not in itself

an explanation. And so while we applaud the skill of the scholar who

translates an Egyptian text, we draw the line when that same scholar almost overnight becomes an expert on

Mormonism and the mind of Joseph

Smith and hands down his ultimate

WEDDING INVITATIONS & ACCESSORIES

FIRST '100 FIRST w $7.75MERCOGRAPH $19.75f,S** $5 7 Rmercotype VED 100—Printed finest Genuine steel die engraved—plain on (thermography) or paneled Raised letters

vellum wedding papers in sharp, beautiful and distinctive and a Engraving plate sent with your decisions on Last Things purely by clean new type faces. sincere value at this price. order. 15day delivery.

virtue limof a very of his command 1 Art rendering of all L.D.S. stock of NEW.ited, dubious, and tentative

rules of Egyptian grammar. Temples for your wedding stationery

Also, while we must admit that an Over 60 styles from which to choose astronomer's ideas about lunar origins including all the elegant vellums and an Egyptologist's idea about the and finest parchments in silver facsimiles may be learned and plausgray and beautiful pastels. Also

ible enough, the fact remains that the informals, enclosures, thank you vital information necessary to prove notes, at home cards, napkins, their theories one way or another is photo albums, L.D.S. wedding

limitationsimply not available—a atbooks, and many accessories.

tested inability the of the best by toastronomers and Egyptologists agree ORDER WILL SATISFACTIONBE PROMPTLY recomGardiner such matters.on GUARANTEEDAND CHEERFULLYWITH COMPLETEOR REFUNDED.rOUR CONFIDENCE.MONEY

mended that Egyptologists set up their ALLTISSUEDWEDDINGAND INSERTEDINVITATIONSINTO INSIDEAND ANNOUNCEMENTSENVELOPES theories and their translations as targets best their to shoot then do at and FREE Gifts with every order isto falsify them. the one That

scientificfruitful method, but where the FREE CATALOGthe is concerned, Book of Abraham

Egyptologists, though confronted by and FREE the most baffling examples M what Etiquette Wheel their most speculative of sciences has to deal with, have chosen to declare or (501 if airmail retheir opinions sacrosanct and beyond quested) credited on question or discussion, even though the your order.

documents at hand go far beyond the indomain of their every competence E R C U R Y Namedirection. nice M a They have done

preliminary tidyingup job in one corPUBLISHING CO. Address.

139 EAST SOUTH 3900ner of sort of thing they field—the

CITY, 84107 City State Zip LAKE SALT UTAHare for good that they have the at—and

our sincere thanks. But they have not

touched upon the main problems, exfor personalcept purely few a and in inspirational latest the Rent LDS really outbursts; for asemotional and film nearest Films center the from LDS FILM LIBRARIES ofgetting into the the substance Book is available catalog Free from you.

of Abraham, it would be as unfair to each of the nine centers.

expect them to do that as it would be to credit them with having done it.

Who, then, is to decide these weighty matters? That is just the point: Is it

necessary to decide here and now? The

Mormons have always hesitated and asked for time, waiting (though rarely seeking) for further light and knowlMAKE FILMedge. Significantly, it has always been RESERVATIONS J%

Egyptologists,the the very usually soul EARLY insistedof a oncecaution, on who have forall, hereand-now, beforewe-leaveTo insure that the film will be theroom decision and have been available when you want it, desperately determined not to prolong reserve the film at the earliest of Circulation possible date.

still is their poldiscussion.the That

is limited. films Reservasomeicy, their it forces us to return and upon

tions on a first are'made come, that the routine question the headsown first basis. served

world would confound and demolish us: You scholars have spoken; why

don't you do the honest thing and 1. BYU Canadian Film Centre

admit that you don't know a blessed 2300 - 23rd Avenue South 5. BYU Bay Area Film Center

thing about the facsimiles, that you Lethbridge, Alberta, Canada c/o Association Films, Inc.,

haven't made even a superficial study 403; 3281492 25358 Cypress Avenue

of them either to examine the categories 2. BYU Ricks Film Center Hayward, California 94544

to which they belong or the peculiari225 First Street 415; 7830100 8. BYU Midwestern Film Center

Falls, Idaho Idaho 83401 Inc., 6. Films, Association Film Center Los Angeles c/o BYUties of individual the documents? Why 5234682 208; Films", Inc., Burlington Street Association 512 c/o that relationship thenot between admit

Illinois 3. Olive LaGrange, Co. Deseret Street South 2221 Book 60525

the the "Alphabet and and Grammar"3523377 Film California 312; Los Angeles, Department 90007

is of full enigma,Book Abraham an East South Temple 7497165 213; of 44 9. Film Eastern Center BYU

contradictions unexplained andodd City, Salt Lake Utah 84111 7. Films, Association Film c/o Center Southwestern BYU

anomalies? Why not admit that you 4. Educational Media Services c/o Movie Center of the West 600 Grand Avenue Inc.

Brigham Young University 601 North 4th Avenue Ridgefield, New Jersey 07657

Provo, Utah 84601 Tucson, Arizona 85705 201; 9438200;

801; 3741211, Ext. 2713 602; 6235853 NYC residents 7369693

Era, May 1970 93 are not privy to the mind of Joseph

Smith? That the test of the Book of

Abraham lies in what it says, not in the manner in which it may have been composed, and that a thorough test of its contents would require a scope of research that no scholar today has any intention of undertaking, a scope of knowledge that few if any scholars today possess? Why not recognize that

there is a vast amount of literary material that presents remarkable parallels to the matter in the Book of Abraham, and that no scholar has made the slightest effort to look into the problems that these correspondences raise?

Why not admit that the figure of

Abraham is shrouded in mystery and that the search for the real Abraham has just begun? Why not admit, in

Gardiner's words, that "what is proudly advertised as Egyptian history is merely a collection of rags and tatters,"and, if one admits so much, that it is far too early in the game to convert those few

Winnifred Jardine, award winning home economist, cooks rags and tatters into robes of academic up ideas daily in the Deseret News. Her array of recipes omniscience?

provide easyto-prepare meals for all occasions. Next timeUntil now, no one has done much

you're looking for a new dinner idea, read Winnifred Jarmore than play around with the bedine in your dizening treasury of the Pearl of Great

Yftff Price. "They"would not, we could

not make of the Book of Abraham an DESERET NEWS object of serious study. The time

has come to change all that. The book

that concerns us was purposely called

Campers Get being"The Pearlboth inof scriptureGreat Price,"and apocryphathat term

Mealtime Break boththe designationhidden and ofinexhaustible.a treasure thatBeingis

hidden, it must be searched out and dug up—brought out of the depths by

the strenuous and determined efforts of whoever would possess it. Being inexhaustibly vast, it can never cease to

be a source of new wonders to the inquiring mind. In the past this

treasure has been treated more or less

VERSAGRIND alikereadya convenientfund of occasionalbit of pockettextsmoney,to be

GRAIN MILL dipped into for selfserving commen-

A VERSATILE & ECONOMICAL ELECTRIC taries. That is not the purpose of the

Now you can carry less and spend less FLOUR MI LL FOR HOME USE scriptures, which is, to tell us what we time yet cooking—enjoy more often and do not do not know want to Kit Operation and Other delicious Hand before! than ever meals

is Pearl Price know. of Great The ailable Accesso New by PermaPak ries Av FOODS CAMPUTE

its scriptures in unique that among available such dishes make gourmet DESIGN & DEVELOPMENT as SORENSON Stroganoff, Beef is available Chicken exonly to that CO. message Moun- & Rice, Logan, Utah 84321 P.O. Box 194 tain... delicious, complete Stew meals to tent children God's which choose

for four in a single, waterproof bag. it it so, is but at the same time to make

Breakfasts,, Trail Lunches, Lunches of of capable conveying knowledge unDinners.

for Free Foods, Survival Send Catalogs—Camping

Plans. Storage Kits, Food quality—ChurchFinest Prices dreamed of scope(Conclusion)and significance. O

Slow Pitch and fast pitch softballs

FOOTNOTES Louisville Slugger and Adirondack to: catalogs Please Camplite send free 1 Frankfort, Sett at In Cenotaph The I H. of Softball Bats Egypt. (39th Abydos Memoir, Exploration Soc, Name

2 Bleeker, Festivals Egyptian C. (Leiden: J. Address. etc.Rules—uniforms—shoes,All Church approved Brill, to Suppl. 1. 1967; No. XIII), p. Numen

City. 3 Weiss, Paul A. "Living Nature the and

ShulsenDillon Athletic Supply in Saturday Knowledge Review, Gap,"Nov. 29,

State....J5l 'ft Zip 21. p. 1969, Company IE 5-70 4 A. Erman, Ancient Egyptians The (Harper

225 South State Street Torchbooks, 1966), p. 56. CAMPI ITE Salt Lake City, Utah 84111

# 40 EAST 2430 SOUTH, SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH 84115 PhoneCallNo.Collect3634561

End ofan Era

f-VWWVWWWWVWVW********* First cannibal: Have you The mother's image is

seen the dentist? Second cannibal: the first to impress

Life Yes, he filled my teeth at itself on the unwritten

Among dinner time. page of the young

the child's mind. It is her

Mormons To honor his mother caress that first awakens with the highest of all honor, a sense of security; her

Some years ago my uncle a man must realize his kiss the first was asked to give a retold story greatest usefulness in life, realization of affection;

in MIA. When the evening must render the most worthy her sympathy and

arrived, he was still unprepared, service of which he is tenderness, the first but he began leafing through capable, must cherish truth, assurance that there is a copy or'The Improvement Era love virtue, esteem character, love in the world.

and decided to use a and must uphold, on all -President David 0. McKay

story found there. He had occasions the highest ideals

the ability to glance at a few and principles of which The dignified old lady at the look lines, then looking at a group the lines. repeat audience and—Elderhe has anyRichardknowledge.L. Evans wasan artamongexhibit in a new

The story was suspcnscful and the audience found "You look tired.""I am. gallery devoted to

contemporary painting. When it enthralling, never suspecting I've been all over town trying to

that he had not previously get something for my husband."one picture caught her eye,

read it. However, just "Had any offers?"she inquired, "What on

at a moment of suspense, earth is that?"The gallery

lie turned the page, then Good breeding consists attendant smiled became pale. The audience in concealing how much we think condescendingly, "That, my

seemed to lean forward of ourselves and how little dear lady, is supposed to as one, straining to hear the we think of the other person. be a mother and child."

rest of the story.—Mark Twain "Well, then,"snapped the lady,

"why isn't it?""Good heavens!"he exclaimed,

Almanac finally breaking the silence. "Tell me,"the social—Farmer's

"It's continued!"chairman of the ladies'group

—Helen E, Hymas, Montpelier, Idaho asked the speaker, Most of us are too fond

"do you believe in clubs for of people who agree "This is the first time I've women?""Only,"he with us, and of food

been asked to talk in this ward, responded, "if kindness fails."that does not.

and I'm pretty nervous,"the sacrament meeting speaker began. "I've been asked

to give the opening and closing Eyes of Experience No one sings so sad prayers several times, but As the girl with love that's not so frightening. You By Marlys Bradley Sheltered in her memory.

can just close your eyes!"No one dances quite as light

—Sheryl White, Duchesne, Utah As the girl whose love is new.

for of humorous an Era"will pay "End $3 anecNo one watches quite as close relate to that dotes the Latterday experiences and

Saint way of life. Maximum length 150 words. As the mother who has been with

fcp%W%%%%%%W both.

Era, May 1970 95 *d $g Mi

* Vy,'*-V "....... ftrw

r u V tULLJ ill

j J

'Ah

'"- '''—V.*.*

;,!*. -. -

THERE'S STILL TIME to be admitted for fall quarter, 1970 at UTAH STATE UNIVERSITY, Logan, utah

DAVID O. MCKAY STUDENT LIVING CENTER

OPERATED BY THE CHURCH UNIVERSITY DORMS AND FOOD SERVICE

NEW MARRIED STUDENT APARTMENTS 8,700 STUDENTS FROM 50 STATES

MOBILE HOME PARK AND 51 NATIONS... 70% LDS

LOGAN TEMPLE

QUALITY EDUCATION STUDENT WARDS AND STAKES

BROAD CURRICULUM LDS INSTITUTE OF RELIGION

INDIVIDUAL ATTENTION LDSSA ACTIVITIES

WRITE NOW FOR INFORMATION: DEAN OF STUDENTS UTAH STATE UNIVERSITY LOGAN, UTAH 84321

Nestled deep in the heart of the

Wasatch Mountain Range... steepIed in the tradition of early Utah.. n&IUstands Heritage Hills... a grand land HutJut

which showcases the fullseason recreation and relaxation offered in

Salt Lake City and retreat, write: Heritage Hills, P. O.this beautiful country. Heritage Hills... located nearHILLS1

umbrellas most of Round Valley and Provo, in Central Utah. For full inforBox 603, Provo, Utah 84601, Telethe pioneer community of Wallsburg mation on this wonderful mountain phone 801 3736650.

If you think you've reached your peak...let us show you

a higher one.

Beneficial Life is looking for men who are dedicated to the idea of serving others while helping themselves grow. Men who want a better life for

themselves and their families. Men who believe in

changing, improving, and constantly raising their sights. We are expanding our operations in states

where we are already located and we're also moving into new states. Inviting new opportunities are

opening up for agency managers and consultants to tell the exciting Beneficial Life story. Part of that

story is that this year's sales are running 100 per cent ahead of last year's Why? Maybe it's

because we offer $100,000 insurance for less than $19 a month (age 30). Or it could be our Whole

Life policy, with a firstyear cash value of more than half the firstyear premium. Or maybe it's because

our consultants have the most rewarding sales contract in the industry. Actually, these are just a

few good reasons why we're growing. So whether

your interest is buying insurance, field management, or selling, get in touch. LET'S TALK ABOUT NEW

GROWTH FOR YOU with Beneficial Life.

Phone collect, or write:

Clyde J.Summerhays,CLU,vice president,

(801) 3648401, 57 W. South Temple, life Isinsuranceyour

Salt Lake City, Utah 84101. Beneficial

Beneficial Life INSURANCE COMPANY SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH