/ImprouementlEra

**>i3eL. t

%- - m>JS "*r**.f *f *

DECEMBER, 1945 RETURN POSTAGE GUARANTEED SALT LAKE CITY 1, UTAH March to kitchen freedom with the FLAME FAMILY Enjoy new freedom from housework... with the Gas Flame

Quints as eager helpers. Have a really modern kitchen you'll

be proud to show, happy to use, yet able to leave readily when outside interests call. * Such a kitchen is shown above...

designed to save steps and effort... gasequipped for easily

preparing successful, "ontime"meals. The "CP"automatic

gas range provides instant heat, when you want it, where you want it and at any temperature desired; reduces foodshrinkage;

saves precious nutrients... all at lasting low cost. The dependable gas refrigerator is silent as snow. * Install modern gas

appliances for hot water service, heating and airconditioning, too. The entire gas industry is collaborating to bring you the

highest standards ofdesign, performance and utility ever known.

tcot*o.!::;".oc*

4 H.I* Mduntain Fuel Supply Company

Serving Twentysix Utah and Wyoming Communities

By DR. FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR.

Asa result of a study by Drs. R. D.

Taylor and Irvine H. Page, to discover how apoplexy might be more

easily detected, a death from apoplexy may be expected if four of five signs are present. The five signs are: ( 1

at the of backsevere headaches the Serve neck; acute (2)head or nape of the

dizziness or fainting spells; (3) nerve

suchdisturbances, as memory defects, Cheese and Meat Spreads tingling, or numbness;loss of speech,

(4) excessive nosebleeding; (5) hemorrhages of the retina, which the doctorcan determine by eye examination. On Tasty,

High blood pressure sufferers who do not show these signs will probably not die from apoplexy. Crispy

/Vriginally the French tricolor was to have been made of vertical bands of red, white, and blue, of equal width.

It was found that due to a curious illusion the blue looked wider. A Commission of Inquiry finally established

thethat to look for the widths same /.PURITY colors thethe proportion between

should be 37, 33, and 30.

HThe largest erg, sandy expanse cov-

A ered by dunes, in the world, is in the Libyan part of the Sahara and is equal in size to the area of France.

4 Will he haveTThe desert tortoise stores its excess water in two tanks on the innersurface of its shell. sound teeth

I Tawaii A highest,is theof thelargest,hundredsas wellof islandas the and straight, crowned volcanic piles in the oceans of the world. Hawaii rests on a base under strong bones?

the water which is about twenty times the volume of the part above sea level.

In general there is about one hundred %.

times as much of the volcanic islands under water as above the surface.

is seventeen dry quart U.S.THE perChildren cannot sure teeth be of developing and

larger A cent than the U. S. liquid or bones properly, of having even the best of growth,

quart. The British use the same unit unless they have in their diet more vitamin D than

for both dry and liquid measure, with ordinary milk and our other usual foods provide. Medithe quart three percent larger than the cal authorities have determined that the milk a child

U.S. dry quart. consumes, in adequate quantity, should contain 400

units of vitamin quart. of pint Milk D per Sego One of sensations, A peculiar mixture with of mixed quantity equal an water a quart makes

is experiencedsynaesthesia, by many of rich, good, milk less contains whole not which than people, in which the sensation occurs 400 vitamin D units. Babies and children raised on

in one of the senses when the stimulaSego Milk thus have a very high degree of protection tion is given to another. Some people against faulty tooth and bone development... a

sneeze or feel a tickling sensation in high degree of assurance of the best of growth.

the nose when they see a bright light or go into sunshine, or a tickling in the larynx, coughing, to lead which may are heard, or an unpleasSegd Milk Products Companywhen sounds ant feeling in the teeth, when shrill Originator of Evaporated Milk in the Intermountain West heard. aresounds The cause of this Plants in Richmond. Utah; Preston and Buhl, Idaho

iseffect partly only understood.

{Concluded on page 731 DECEMBER, 1945 729 Sfte Qttpwtnetrt DECEMBER, 1945 VOLUME 48, NO. 12

"THE VOICE OF THE CHURCH"

Associations, of Education, Committee, Music Department Ward Jrim \Jur Jhe Lcover Official Organ of the Priesthood Quorums, Mutual Improvement of of Jesus Christ of the Church Other Agencies Teachers, and

T)ROBABLY nothing is Latterday Saints more typical of -K By Geneva I. Oldroyd

Christmas than the singing of Christmas 'rTTHis year let's trim tree the thankfulness carols. Children find Jke (Laltor's J-aae *With

especial joy in this The Great Commandment...George Albert Smith 741 That war is gone, and

particular activity, and peace has come adults love to listen to To bind up wounds the clear, sweet tones Lkurck reatums of stress.

of the young folk who Nicholas G. Smith 744 Let's hang each bough

gratitude, with the vision recapture 745 of Joseph Cannon star with 745 Each Farnsworth Burton J*K. the "old, story,"old friendly cheer,

with their intense The Church Welfare Program Helps European Saints 747 And make our tree the earnestness. Joseph Smith Nephi Jensen 752 brightest yet,

Calling All Girls Xee A* Palmer 759 In this our Victory. year. The cover is from a Evidences and Reconciliations: XCIX—Who Was Mel'

photograph of H. chizedek? John A* Widtsoe 761

Armstrong Roberts, Christmas Greeting to MJ.A. Workers 776

prepared by Charles Grace Cannon Neslen 776

Jacobsen. The Church Moves On 758 Genealogy 775 Change of Address:

renotice days'Fifteen for of ad- * PriesthoodAaronic: Melchizedek 773, 759770 MutualField PhotosMessages 776792 quired change

NoLiquor-Tobacco Column ordering a When 774 dress. D. Tillery 771 Eliza

include please change, Editors Magnusson 776 Mathonia 774 Teaching Ward stencil impression a from Smith Albert George of issue the recent maga- A. Widtsoe John

zine. changes Address jreature5 >J>pedal unless be cannot made

Editor Managing well as old as address the 742 Staff of Life Widtsoe John A.

Richard L. Evans The is included. the one new Ashton 746 Marvin O* Man, Young Do Your Own Thinking

Associate Editors Is Universal Military Training Desirable? Executive and Editorial

Marba C. Josephson E. Allen Bateman 753 Offices:

Winters Life Story of Augusta A Mormon William Mulder Wife—The Street, Main 50 North Grant Judd 754 Mary (on leave Grant—X I, Utah. Lake City Vilate Raile forces) 748 Salt armed the Grass Grew with the When

The Spoken Word from Temple Square...Richard L* Evans 756 Copyright 1945 by MuGeneral Manager The Returning Serviceman Willard L. Kimball 778 tual Funds, Inc., a Corof the poration Young George Q.

in tual Curiosity Universe, Our Frankthe Morris Exploring ImproveMutual Men's

Children, Helen 729 Harris, Gregg lin S. Jr Association of the Associate Manager ment.'. Italy, 762 in Soldier's Christmas Green A of of Jesus Christ Church Cannon Lucy G. Letter, I. Christmas 732 Boyd Cannon George A All Saints. Latterday

762 McAffee reported Conference, Okinawa rights reserved. SubscripBusiness Manager Hints 763 Handy 734 Mulder William by tion price, year, $2.00 a Giles D. Corner, B. John Josephine Cook's

in single Cornelius advance; Hats, of '20c Battle The...764 Nichols 737 copy. Kolff S.

Editorial Associates Gifts, 764 Katherine Plume Gay

Elizabeth J. Moffitt A Roman Description of Books for the Young Folk 777 Entered at the Post

Albert L Zobell, Jr. Christ 740 On the Bookrack 791 Office, Salt Lake City,

Harold Lundstrom Homing: Developing IntellecYour Page and Ours 792 Utah, as secondclass

matter. Acceptance for

National Advertising mailing at special rote of

Representatives Cditonaii postage provided for in 1103, Act of Oc760 section President of Brigham Young University The Fifth Francis M. Mayo, tober, 1917, authorized 760 of Gratitude Varieties City Some Salt Lake July 2, 1918.

Edward S. Townsend, The Improvement Era

San is.not responsible for unFrancisco and Storied,Zone5, ioeiryloeb

Los Angeles solicited manuscripts, but

Vilate Raile 748 Grass the Grew When contributions. welcomes Bolle, and Dougan 750 Wangsgaard Paul WUles Gift Eva From A and Chicago

All manuscripts must be E. Andresen..737 Logger, New York Aimee We'll Frontispiece: Be Home suffiaccompanied by Kitchen, Elaine in a Thoughts S. DusChristmas, for Edna for delivery cient postage Bureau of Audit Member,

. 789 V. Emans

return. 7q'** and ftin Circulations I. Tree, Geneva Trim Our We

Poetry 736, 738 Oldroyd 730 730 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Exploring the Universe (Concluded from page 729) Tf a plane which could fly from the, northern to the southern end of Chile were then to fly the same distance in an airline direction from New York to San

Francisco, it would go one hundred miles out over the Pacific Ocean beyond the Golden Gate.—+ T arge numbers of ducks have died

*"* from the growth of a white mold in their lungs and other upper parts of the bodies according to reports from

Illinois. The ducks stirred up a dust of

the spores from moldy corn on which they were feeding. The spores, by

which molds reproduce, serving the same purpose as seeds in other plants, produced an effect similar to pneumonia in the lungs.

TVisinfection of schoolroom air by "using ultraviolet light, is likely to be common in the future. A report of

Dr. Mildred Weeks Wells by means of

tests covering eight years, have shown that the chances of a susceptible child HYDRAULIC LIFT getting measles, chicken pox, or mumps DUAL DEPTH 'CONTROL from a classmate can be greatly reduced Here's a control that really controls—

the when system.: hydraulic in a ultraviolet lamps are used. the At last word

: it lifts fingers, and low- a touch of your

'T'here are about eight thousand ers implements to the exact depth you * veterinarians in private practice in select. Handy dual levers gauge the

the United States, with about four depth of right and left gangs—indethousand more, for the most part in pendently and accurately. You can

public service. These men have to serve vary the depth of either gang to follow

contour the of ground as easily as million of catthe head about two hundred a pilot his plane. hanks goats. tle, swine, sheep, horses, and

f*"** E.thereP. Brooksare abouthas sixteenestimatedmillionthat THE POWER OF THE

thunderstorms occurring on the earth each year, with about eighteen hundred occurring at any given moment, and FARM about one hundred lightning flashes each second., "We do all the work on our ranch"... you hear 4

Cince almost all the pieces of a sponge it more and more. Today's new tractors are making

* will live and grow, sponge gardens a difference—on ranches large and small.

have been made possible when small pieces are strung on wire suspended on Gone is the tiring armwork of the past, and in its posts under shallow water, or fastened place the comfort, ease and smoothness of power to the sea bottom in other ways. In

six months the sponges grow about six control. In times of recent emergency, many a wife or

times in size, and are harvested a year daughter has capably taken over operation of the Allisor so after. Most of the commercial sponges come from the Mediterranean Chalmers tractor—using its hydraulic control to raise

Sea, Florida, and the Bahamas. and lower implements at a finger's touch.

HPhe "railroad worm"of South AmeriForemost in AllisChalmers'planning for the family

A ca is a beetle in which, when disfarm is equipment which can be operated by one man.

turbed, a red luminous female the shows pairs of Powercontrolled implements are a major step in this head, the and eleven area on greenish yellow lights along the sides direction. Equipment like the new Model C Tractor and

of her body. companion implements with hydraulic control are mak- 4

HPhere are over a thousand dailies, ing the family farm free, independent and prosperous.

printed semiweeklies weeklies, and thirtyAsk for the booklet, "New Adventure in Farming."either completely in or in part - English eight other than languages in TO BETTER——cirStates. LIVING>.—combined the United The

culation is nearly seven million, with an average of about two and a half ALUSCHALMERSTO MORE PR07iT> 1 TRACTOR DIVISION MILWAUKEE l r U. S. A.

readers per copy. TT

DECEMBER, 1945 >: 731

.

-M-'M'Mm&R

verb

IN ITALY

By GEORGE I.

CANNON mmn b L (Smtfnge

THIS CHRISTMAS, for the notice read: first time in six long years, there The"Christmas

is again "peace on earth, good Eve Services will toward men."Let us all join Tonight; 6:00 to

in giving thanks for the bless- 7:00 p.m. Conin the Group ings of peace. ducted

( lo- i*&w8JBiS-: Barn Chapel

is But also Christmas the time in front cated of the—Photogtaph bg Raymond /. Ashton of building happiness cheer, large white the occaand

sion for many homecomings.. and to the left of the

sons and daughters from school well). If possible please bring a doors and iron locks was our makeshift

chapel. were two Overhead wooden candle.". loved ones the from home

ceiling the shrouded gabled arches with the services. around fellows bunched the armed.. As white, walls, in once darkness. The feeltheir aired bulletin a few board there turning here gray, and and were spirit is The of Christmas in ings: flickering the as silhouettes danced air the -at the Hotel Utah. We is to going this light. floor off their Christmas candles a threw The "What to it want share all with our mail!"cold. firm slabs and without cement of any The be was

friends... to wish them a Merry still of traces air with pungent was last year when we were "Remember Christmas they wherever are. machinery. rusty livestock farm As and Christmas that next said Africa, in we candles the of I walked between row home?"be would we the rude seat, I noticed took and my

"Yeah, and if you ask me, Italy ain't altar decorated with pine boughs and a home."candle at each end casting light upon

"How can a guy have the Christmas a closed Bible. Over in a corner the

spirit over here?"strains of timeold carols emerged from

the midget reed organ. Here was the

The fellows had reason to feel natural setting for the Christmas story.

Italy in had just arrived gloomy. We standto visualize simple it was How

wind, the rain, encountering and were at seeing a "Babe ing and the manger and mud typical of "sunny Italy"in wrapped in swaddling clothes."

December. We hadn't received any letters for weeks—Christmas packages The men's voices rang through the weren't even discussed—the mess serchapel as they sang the carol, "Joy to

geant was feeding us "C"rations three the world, the Lord is come."Then

the times a day—our tents leaked. Yes, we the chaplain rose and read from

were a cheerless group. scriptures, "Behold, a virgin shall be

with child, and shall bring forth a son,

As time for the Christmas Eve servand they shall call his name Emmanuel ices drew near, the fellows started towhich being interpreted is, God with wards the barn, and by six o'clock the us."(Matt. 1:23.) How meaningful

bomb stools were occupied. Observing were these words! Among such surthe fellows. I couldn't see any trace of roundings with tinsel discarded and

the dissatisfaction which was evidenced forgotten, thousands of miles from

and scrubbing, from heartless with us."As [was] felt—-"God they was

Taking as well. to glow inside HOTELGUY TOOMBES, ManagingUTAHDirector atseemedthe bulletin board. Their faces shone loved ones, the verity of this prophecy Christmas that our heads we bowed

in the surroundings I could understand Eve, a united prayer was offered silentwhy the transition. ly that all men could know the real

,w An old adobe barn with huge wooden spirit of Christmas.

732 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 'If(rfvC FOR EVERY GIFTWORTUY OCCASION

"Books have always a secret influence on the understanding...

he that entertains himself with moral or religious treatiese will imperceptibly advance in goodness."—Samuel Johnson.

BOOKCRAFT offers here a choice selection of seven new books by L. D. S. authors—and one new edition of a recent publication for

children.

MAN AND THE DRAGON, by Dr. THE PRINCE OF UR, bv Snsa

John A. Widtsoe. You will thorYoung Gates, in collaboration

oughly enjoy Dr. Widtsoe's inwith Leah D. Widtsoe. A great

formal account of his impressions historical novel of fastmoving adand experiences in Europe and venture and fascinating romance the Near East before World War... the story of Abraham in the

II. The author points out the sure land of the Chaldees. In the

way to victory over human adpages of this book you will be a versity. Acclaimed by many as visitor in the great oriental city

Dr. Widtsoe's finest book. $2.00. of long ago. Don't miss reading

the PRINCE OF UR! $2.00.

THEIRS IS THE KINGDOM, by Wendell J. Ashton. Biographical THE STORY OF JESUS. By Eliza

sketches of Aurelia Spencer Rog- R. Snow, one of the greatest of

ers, Truman O. Angell, R. M. Mormon writers. The first comBryce Thomas, Thomas L. Kane, plete children's story of Jesus from

George D. Pyper, Richard Ballan- a strictly Mormon point of view.

tells Christ's of ministry tyne, Jones. You will It and Dan among m the both the Nephites. Jews and experiences be thrilled by their

... inspired by their greatness of Young and old alike will enjoy

character... and you will be this beautiful, richly illustrated

pleased by the high literary qualbook. It's ideal for children of

ity of the book. $2.00. ten and older. $1.25.

DISCOURSES OF WILFORD THE QUEST, by O. F. Ursenbach.

WOODRUFF. Compiled by Dr. G. A fascinating story of a young

Homer Durham. Wilford Woodruff, Jew who became convinced that

great pioneer leader and dynamic Jesus is the Messiah, and who personality, was one of the set out to find the true church.

Church's greatest missionaries. Join him in his restless search

This compilation of his utterances through many lands. The book

is an invaluable addition to Morcontains a wealth of interesting mon literature... a splendid information on the religions and

source of spiritual guidance. $2.50. philosophies of the world. $2.00.

MODERN MIRACLES, by Jeremiah FILL OUT AND MAIL THIS COUPON =

Stokes. A collection of faithpromoting incidents, including not

but accounts of healings, only 18BOOKCRAFTRichards Street, Salt Lake City 1. Utah manifestations, other such as that

which came to Lorenzo Snow in Please send the books checked belowt shortly beSalt the Lake Temple of president fore he became the Man andBy Dr.the JohnDragonA. Widtsoe $2.00

Church. $1.50. Theirs is the Kingdom $2.00

THUNDER CAVE, by Jeremiah By Wendell J. Ashton

of Discourses Wilford Woodruff illustrations Sears. Jack Stokes; by

Dr. G. Homer Durham....$2.50 Compiled by all of for children ages. book A

of thrilling adventures The two Modern MiraclesBy Jeremiah Stokes $1.50

little colored boys, Jasper and

Prince The epiTold in twentyone Zebbie.

Susa YoungofGates—LeahUr D. Widtsoe$2.00 sparkling sodes of humor and

full gripping mystery. Chuck of D Story of JesusBy Eliza R. Snow $1.25 original hilarious, drawings by

Jack Sears. $2.50. D The QuestBy O. F. Ursenbach -.$2.00

Thunder Cave $2.50

By Jeremiah Stokes D Payment enclosed Q Send C.O.D.

Name BOOKCRAFT Address 18 RICHARDS STREET SALT LAKE CITY 1. UTAH

DECEMBER, 1945 733

OKINAWA CONFERENCE

By Ensign William Mulder MORE BUS SEATS MORE TIME SAVED OCTOBER CONFERENCE ON OKINAWAMORE SCHEDULES

Greyhound leads again with more schedules daily to more MarineTheseoutfitsgroupwholeadersmet in werean islandwideamong theconferencefour hundredSunday,LatterdayOctober Saints7, on Okinawafrom Navy,Jima,C.B.,at headquartersArmy, and

points in America than any other discoveredTenth Armyfriendsarea. fromBetweenhome.morningChaplainsand afternoonHoward C. sessions,Evans, RaymenL.hadJones,"chow"and Wilfordof field E.rations,Smith, andall

public carrier. Ride Greyhound formerlyright, groupwithleadersthe Churchare shownseminaryas follows:system, plannedfirst row,andChaplainconductedSmith,the D.meetings.R. Koelliker,ReadingPaulfromC. Andrus,left to

Willis R. Cutler, F. Smith, Chaplain Hicken, Lloyd R. H. Robert Zenger, Ray Evans, Chaplain J. Carlson, E.

Jr., Clifford B. Zabriskie, O. R. Huston, Waters, Harry Gilgen, Norman for through service—on one row: Paul Jones. Second

B. Leland Hayward, J. Nielson, Woodrow W. Redd, Harold H. Hansen,

J. Bernard Barrett Haws, Whitaker, Openshaw,Jr., EldonNolanM. Magnussan,R. Taylor, N.AlbertW. Third row: Wayne L. Payne. ticket—one baggage check. Douglas

Storrs, Lynn Durham, Earl W. England, Willis I. Lowery, Don C. Summers, Lyneer C. Smith. Back row:

S. Wayne Clark, Elroy D. Laws, Alma B. Rigby, Leo Syphus, Dee O. Howell, Waldo G. Cook, F. V. Devenish.

Courteous drivers, comfortable coaches and low fares make your young men sat attentive but at teachers, seventyfive priests, twentybrief- of five deacons, a high band The ease. This was no military priest—a bus trip a real vacation for you at heroes? distance does Hardly. shirts open ing. Even Heavybooted,—and for your pocketbook. the throat, the faces of some of them not lend that much enchantment. But

stubblebearded—Nauvoo's Grove and a band with perhaps more than ordiOVERLAND Brighamdays mustYoung'shave seenBoweryassembliesof pioneerlike naryand theconviction.people theyThey loved,thoughtbutof homethey

this. A cricket chittered nervously in a sang, "With joy wend your way."GREYHOUN D nearby sweet potato patch; overhead a They had gone through the nightmare

Operated by P-51 buzzed briefly, its wings bright in of battle, many of them, and in the

Interstate Transit Lines the afternoon sun. This was Okinawa, division cemetery not far away, Latterheadquarters Tenth Army chapel; a day Saint youth lay sleeping under the

world series broadcast was being chaste white crosses, too numerous for beamed to the men overseas—but here counting, the rows very trim, very orfour hundred Mormons were in conferderly, very still: they sang "Count

ence. Your Blessings."They knew the deadDressed in field greens, dungarees, ly routine of slowpassing days, the dull

army khaki, navy gray—chevrons and periods of inaction, the obscurity of

service stripes prominent on many "military necessity,"the discomfort of sleeves, on the collars of some the dull mud and the notso-divine winds: they

glint of officer bars—they had traveled sang "Sweet Is the Work."They knew

over coralsurfaced roads from all parts discouragement and doubt, had their of the island to be here this October shortcomings: they sang "True to the

Sunday. And when they saw each Faith."

other, themselves surprised at their Bread was broken, the sacrament adstrength and number, it had not been ministered—no silver service, simply

salute and "sir"but only "brother!"canteens and paper cups and ingeniousNow the sweating organist pumped ly contrived trays of wood and plexihis unwilling instrument with all his glas; instructions, testimonies, priestmight, and four hundred voices, a little hood roll call, reports from group leadembarrassed at first after long silence, ers—the sounds and movements of a

swelled the chorus of "Come, Come, living organism breathing and flexing

Ye Saints."Two hundred thirty elders, its muscles.

half a hundred seventies, a score of ( Concluded on page 769

Oven Roasted Barley and Tree Ripened California Figs—Nothing Else I

A boon to those who don't drink coffee. A

healthful drink for all the family.

CALIFORNIA FICGO CO.

Leonard H. Ballif, President

Scene from the morning session in openair "Buccaneer Theater."Afternoon meeting was held in

Tenth Army's big tent chapel. Men felt they had had a wonderful reunion. Said one, summing it all up,

"Next to going home, this is the best thing that could have happened to me."

734 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Your Friends Will Smile With Pure Delight

WHEN YOU GIVE THEM (Cma BOOKS Here is your shopping list. Use this as your order form.

JOSEPH SMITH THE PROPHET $3.00 CONSTANCY AMID CHANGE $2.00

By Preston Nibley By Albert E. Bowen

HISTORY OF JOSEPH SMITH $2.50 EVIDENCES AND RECONCILIABy His Mother TIONS $1.85

JOSEPH THE PROPHET $1.50 By John A. Widtsoe

By Daryl Chase AN UNDERSTANDABLE RELIGION..$1.50

ESSENTIALS IN CHURCH HISTORY.$2.00 By John A- Widtsoe

By Joseph Fielding Smith HOW TO BE WELL $2.00

WAY TO PERFECTION $1.50 By Leah D. Widtsoe

By Joseph Fielding Smith HOW TO WIN BOYS $1.00

PROGRESS OF MAN $2.00 By Stott

By Joseph Fielding Smith NEW WITNESS FOR CHRIST IN

RESTORATION OF ALL THINGS....$1.75 AMERICA...$1.75

By Joseph Fielding Smith By Kirkham $2.50 SIGNS OF THE TIMES $1.25 THREE MORMON CLASSICS

By Joseph Fielding Smith By Cannon, Woodruff, Hamblin

FUNDAMENTALS OF RELIGION....$1.50 THE CHURCH IN WAR AND PEACE..$1.00 By Charles A. Callis

By Stephen L Richards MORAL TEACHINGS OF THE NEW FAITHPROMOTING STORIES $1.00 TESTAMENT $1.50

By Preston Nibley By Milton Bennion

MISSIONARY EXPERIENCES $1.00 CHRISTIANITY THROUGH THE

By Preston Nibley CENTURIES $2.00

By Daryl Chase INSPIRATIONAL TALKS TO YOUTH.$1.00

By Preston Nibley HANDBOOK OF THE

RESTORATION $2.50

ADDED UPON $1.25

By Nephi Anderson UNTO THE HILLS $1.50

By Richard L. Evans

FROM PLOWBOY TO PROPHET THIS DAY AND ALWAYS $1.50

AND MOTHER STORIES FROM By Richard L. Evans

BOOK OF MORMON $1.50 SPOKEN $1.25 AND THE WORD By Wm. A. Morton Evans Richard L. By

BEN THE WAGON BOY $1.50 THE HOLY GHOST $2.00

By Howard R. Driggs By Oscar W. McConkie

MEN OF THE ROCKIES $1.50 GOSPEL STANDARDS $2.25

By N. C. Hanks By Heber J. Grant

MAIL THIS WHOLE ADVERTISEMENT DESERET'The Book BOOKCenter of the IntermountainCOMPANYWest"44 East South Temple Street P. O. Box 958 Salt Lake City 10, Utah

Please send books as indicated above to

Name Address

$.Herewith. Deseret Book Company pays the postage on all cash orders.

DECEMBER, 1945 735 STEVENS "PUBLISHERS OF FINE BOOKS (poaiJu

RING, BELLS OF PEACE!

Mabel Jones Gabbott Ring out, oh bells of peace, ring loud and long!

Let every people's tongue repeat your song.

Let leaders in high places feel your joy,

Let women, mothers, every girl and boy

Repeat your promise: "peace for all the

world,"And let the flag of freedom fly unfurled.

Ring out to all our men, our boys who fight—They sleep relaxed and undisturbed tonight.

Tonight the guns are silenced, planes stand

No sentrystill; watches, furtive, on the hill;

No burst of fire blinds the eastern dawn;

From quiet skies the enemy is gone.

Ring out, oh bells of peace, ring loud and clear: Ring out the word the whole world waits to hear.

WINTER MORNING

Renee Nelson * I 'he snow on the mountains * Is caught by the wind and flung

High into the sky.

in writer history gifted ability in literary was than No more Mormon ripples It glistens and

F. Elder this In of Orson Whitney, writing the Twelve. of Council member In of sheer cascades white light

vital stirring his and of biography grandfather, Kimball, C. Heber soft shadows. deep he I And

in a produced masterpiece literature. Mormon

is blue;m behind sky The

Every student, teacher and church leader A deep, clear liquid blue.

should read this memorable life story of There in peace, sits God.

"one of the greatest men of his age."

Heber C. Kimball, "the father and founder

British of the Mission,"intimate was an YESTERDAY'S CHRISTMAS friend associate and of Joseph Smith and

Brigham Young and a potent force in early Cora Madeline Igou day events. Read this stimulating account

of his life and accomplishments. SOMEWHERE along the years they streamlined Christmas, offered in a beautiful gift Now edition of

Polished and glamorized it, made it glow pages, printed 520 in large, easyto-read type and bound in handsome maroon covBut nothing for rememb'ring hearts can ers, richly embossed. equal

stuffed and dangling stockings, orThose

Price $3.00 Postpaid in toe; ange

Or eager noses pressed against a window

Pearly with breath, that longlost keen sellers"other "best in notable MorTwo delight full live literature, of forceful and mon in orchard for glimpse a Of searching library reading. Every should have these shadows

books. important night; slice sleigh the frozen to Santa's For

THREE MORMON CLASSICS Or strung cranberries lacing bright green

Viral Stories of branches;

tray; old red an balls upon popcorn Or Wilford Woodruff blankets children under tense exultant Or George Q. Cannon roseate the greet to wideeyed Waiting Jacob Hamblin

Day!

Price $2.50

HISTORY OF JOSEPH By His Mother THE SNOW

Lucy Mack Smith By Elaine V. Emans

Price $2.50 Fair as the snowfall is when petals drift

To grass, forsaking flower forms, and

For Sale at sweet Beyond forgetting as they are, I lift to sky the graying toward face now My DESERET BOOK meet 44 East South Temple SaltCOMPANYLake City 10, Utah flakes, them and love cool and crystal The Also at all leading Book Dealers better.

TAr STEVENS- & WALLIS. INC. sEfo'PUBLISHERS OF FINE BOOKS Had I not heard of heaven, seeing their

Consummate loveliness upon my sweater,

I should imagine it, and, unaware

There was a kind Creator, I should know

Of him beyond all doubting, from the snow.

(Concluded on page 738) 736 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA faring, shipowning men. Often these a new high hat which was a challenge

owners or part owners, took the Mainefor another member of the family who, iSattle ofrsratd builtmother,ships,wife, frequentlyor sister, tonamedall partsafterof asbeautifula last tokenheadgearof farewell,of thesmasheddepartingthe the world. The crews were often made seaman.

up of citizens of the town where the The latter with a grim face apparentBy CORNELIUS S. KOLFF ship was built. The leavetaking and ly treated this sign of affection goodhome-coming greetings were important naturedly, shook a warning finger at the

affairs. The whole community with its fast retreating offender, and called out,

its asaunts sisters cousins "I will pay you back when I come and and itsSheof is Maine.a proud daughterShe has ofgiventhe stateone in their pier, best home."at the dressed sembled

husband and three sons to her Sunday clothes.

country, besides. services her and cargo, paying a laden own with Oichly India and Kashmir wore Women A"citizenShe is a a charming and good in absence after months'seven troushawls Nankeen and men wore storyteller. acompanion and good to its returned ship ports, the foreign sers, coats buttons golden with blue

In company with several of the and, to crown the event, high hats. The home port, and again relatives and

others on Staten Island, she sat by the latter, then, as well as today, were the friends were on the pier dressed, as at fireside of 15 Harbor View listening cause of many jokes, practical as well the departure, in their Sunday best, to the arguments which were advanced as rough. The captains and first officers shawls, Nankeen trousers, and all.

and the stories which were told. of the ships on these festive occasions The offending hat smasher of the day

Perhaps some suggestion carried her frequently wore high hats which, when of departure was there, with a smiling back to her native state where wooden the ship was "under way,"were disface and a shining beaver.

ships and iron men carried the flag of carded for the more seaworthy sailor's The great moment had arrived. As

the newborn American Republic to all cap. the captain, wearing a high hat, walked

ports of the seven seas. Our charming narrator stated reminisdown the gang plank, he spotted his

Those whose cradles stood in the cently that sometimes a little rough play smiling tormenter and in less time than it takes to write this, the captain's fistgreat Pine Tree state or those who have featured these festive occasions. On

met the sons and daughters of Maine one of these farewells, her grandfather, descended upon the shining headgear in Michigan, Wisconsin, or Minnesota, the captain of the departing ship, wore of his relative, who accepted the situaknow Maine men and women when tion goodnaturedly while the captain they meet them. called out triumphantly, "I have been

this months."for for seven Those have enjoyed the who hosLOGGER waitingpitality the state, of visited who have in his hand battered hat the Holding

its seashore, its lakes, its hills, and great By Aimee E. Andcesen as a peace offering the welcomer

tellrivers of you a race of hardy captain, to the men stretched his hand out faded a mackinaw, Wearingand women. offense, would you I knew John, "No sets his rugged jaw; December

visitor fireside to the Our at Harbor or this one your so I borrowed own do of in the And, lumberjacks, way

View came from a long line of seaSwings lustily with steel cold axe. hats from your wife to welcome you."

it a habit Make DRIVE IN at the familiar VicoPep 88 Sign

FOR BETTER

GAR CARE

UTAH OIL REFINING COMPANY STATIONS

AND DEALERS

DECEMBER, 1945 737.

Poetry* (Concluded [com page 736) *** * **

A GIFT Two NEW OUTSTANDING BOOKS Grigg By Hallie... just released from the press

gift that I would ask for everyone, A After all postwar plans are consummated, The Prince df UR A pattern which, on looms of thought begun

By SUSA Y. GATES, in collaboration with Might in the heart of each be reinstated,

LEAH D. WIDTSOE

Here is a. great new historical Is Alongthis: Thatwith soldierall the andrulescivilianof truebearreleasing

novel of fastmoving adventure and A souvenir, a fragment of that peace fascinating romance... the story of Which has been fought for with a strength

Abraham in the land of the Chaldees. unceasing.

The book is like a chapter out of the New dreams, new hopes will surely come to past, filled with mystery, intrigue, those and action. The story will carry you Who keep this gift, for which the world

striven, has city of oriental great to that away peacel everlasting of the heart! an Peace

stir-... into old world an long ago and all be given. to each such a gift Grant

ring with the urge to find new horizons and new freedoms. You'll thorswift action of this the enjoy oughly

CHRISTMAS BOUQUET story. $2.00. dramatic

By Violet Alleyn Storey

bring me valley lilies Christmas Man andthe Dragon YOUmorning.

By DR. JOHN A. WIDTSOE It is as if, by the new Birth Star's glow,

Moments of early springtime have been

In his latest book the author achieves gathered new heights as a champion of truth. From out the winter's snow.

Enjoy the rare privilege of sitting in on I glimpse a mother and her small son sleeping—Dr. Widtsoe's informal discussion of his magi still upon their brilliant way The

impressions and experiences on a Euro- A carpenter and simple shepherds watching pean and Near East tour, made before There in the manger hay.

World War II. In his book he points And I forget there will be pain for healing;

Gethsemane in dark wept to be unerringly toward the way chosen I will be forget Barabbas And that traditional enemy of mankind—thevictory over Tears Calvary. nailed on Love

dragon of adversity, with its many You bring me valley lilies Christmas mornheads of sin, ignorance, superstition, ing—

war, and greed. $2.00. And,hand,as I take them, fragrant from your

All pain is healed; all tears are dried—love, ORDER YOUR CHRISTMAS GIFTS NOW risen,

FILL OUT AND MAIL THIS COUPON Walks in a springsweet land.

BDDKCRAFT18 Richards Street, Salt LakeCOMPANYCity 1. Utah

Please Send the Books Checked Below: RENDEZVOUS

The Prince of Ur..52.00 This Day and Always $1 50

Richard Y. By Blanche L. Shurtliff D. Widtsoe L. Evans Susa

of Wilford..$2.00 Discourses Woodruff $2, 50 theGates—LeahDragon and Man

Dr. Compiled by Dr. Widtsoe G. Homer John Durham horizon, distant on the to Perfection $1,.50 Smudged Spoken and "The Word"A. $1.50 Way

a ship of L. smoke heralds Fielding Smith Joseph Evans Richard Gray gauze

$1..75 the $3.00 Church Brighant Youth and Colonizer The Young, cruise eventful from Returning D

B. Harold R. Dr. Lee Hunter gray and somber emerald wave On,00 $2. Theirs Is the $2.50 Kingdom This Glory For My Milton

swell. windwhipped Ashton Wendell J. Bailey Paul Of

$1,,50 Miracles $2.50 Modern Saint The Gay far places of Romance

Stokes Jeremiah Bailey Paul seaswept her prow Lingers on 30 the Through $2.00 The Gospel Ages $1. Race Covenant God's

steams through confidently she though Dr. Milton R. Hunter As H. Anderson James

The Gospel Kingdom $2.25 Golden Nuggets of Thought $1.,00 time

Ezra Marler Taylor John now. From then—to $2.25 Military Book of RemembranceL. Mansions His Many jagged reef when R. S. And yet Gygi $1. 50 George Howells Rulon

$2. 50 Thunder Cave In the Net shifting Gospel sand of hidden bar And—$1.25 Stokes Jeremiah Dr. A. Widtsoe John course, prideful barriers against her

$2.,00....$2.25 Johnny ProphetStatesman Smith: Joseph

muzzlings, friendly tug, with Stradling Harriet Compiled J. by Dr. FlauntA G. Homer Durham

International 25 Bible 1 15.S3 Winston No. $2.00 to Quest shore safe guide her The Must G

$3, of 00 Jesus The Words F. Ursenbach O. craft path harbor only a where Along 30 $1. the Through Gospel The Ages G $1.75 All of Things Restoration sail. bravely Can Dr...Milton R. Hunter Smith Fielding Joseph 85 Reconciliations $1 Evidences and

$1.25 of Jesus Story The Dr..John A. Widtsoe friends. with so Just R. Eliza Snow...$1 50 Bible 214-C Reader's No.

current in of adventure, high a swift, Some, $2.00 00 Priceless of $2 Assorted Value of the Most High Gems Temples G

in tides living toss B. of N. Lundwall everchanging B. Lundwall N. Where

Check or money order enclosed. Send C.O.D swirl,

Name - - Find surcease in the gently proffered hand

Address - -—clasp

Of one who waits where quiet waters curl.

738 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA:::....mmm&mm:::>':-::.:

.

A ROMAN

<=Jje5criptL(m of Lkridt

Thistaineddescriptionin a publicofreportChristsupposedis conto have been written by a Roman official.

The letter was taken by Napoleon from the records of Rome ( 1871 ) when he destroyed the city of so many valuable manuscripts. It was addressed to

the Roman Senate by Publius Sentulus, governor of Judea when Jesus started his ministry:

"They cdnurit! JESUS THE CHRIST weaned me

—From a painting by Heinrich Hofmann

"I've been on a queer diet the last year or two..

sometimes I wondered if I'd ever see any more among... Jesusus, andChrist,of thewhoGentilesis yet islivingactruth. But great of as a prophet cepted FelsNaptha Soap. of God. call a Son him disciples his own

But a fellow who's always had the best doesn't all Hemannerhath ofraiseddiseases.the dead,He isanda mancuredof

give up easy. And now that I'm getting my thewithstaturea ruddysomewhatcountenancetall andsuchcomely,as the

fear. His and love both may FelsNaptha, the laundry work in this house is beholder fully when of a filbert color hair is the

thence his ear, downward to plain ripe; strictly prewar.

curling and color, oriental it of is more waving on his shoulders; in the middle

I do a familysize wash without a quiver, finish of his head is a seam of long hair after the manner of the Nazarites. His forethe job on schedule, and believe me—those clothes head is plain and delicate; the face is

without a spot or wrinkle, beautiful are really white again!"with a comely red. His nose and mouth

are exactly formed. His beard the color

of his hair, and thick, not of any length, but forked. In reproving he is terrible;

in admonishing, courteous; in speaking,

very modest and wise; in proportion of

body, well shaped. None have seen him

laugh, but many have seen him weep.FelsNaptha Soap

BAN/SHES TATTLTAL GRAY Submitted by Hyrum Kay.

740 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA THE GREAT COMMANDMENT

Da lreslaevit Ljeorae Gilbert >mllk

gain the season is here when we seem to be more mindful of our obligations toward all men, our brothers. This year our blessings are greater; and so, also our obligations.

The most terrible war, the most destructive war that the world has ever known, has ended. The

world has been torn with anxiety. Because our Father's children have refused to listen to his advice

and counsel, millions of lives have been sacrificed, and bitterness and hatred have been engendered in the hearts of men, that may never be fully overcome in mortality.

We have been asked repeatedly to remember those who have given their lives that we might enjoy our blessings. I hope we have done it with something more than lip service. I hope we have done it

from the depths of our souls.

I hope also that we will appreciate those who have come home and those who are soon expected home. Some of them have lost their limbs; some have lost their eyesight; some are coming back less able

to take care of themselves. We should do all in our power to make it possible for them to make a living

so they will not feel dependent. Let us help them in such a way that they will say, "God bless you!"

and so that they will feel that the future is filled with hope and usefulness for them.

May our Father's other children also have our help in this time of distress. I hope we will remember that our responsibilities have only just begun, and that they will continue for a long time. Not

VS7e should keep his commandments and love one another. Then our love should pass beyond the

border lines of the church and reach out after the children of men.

only do we have the responsibility of encouraging those who come home, to see that they are properly cared for, but we have the obligation of carrying the message of the gospel of Jesus Christ to the nations of the earth, to far off lands. We believe that the gospel is the only plan by which we may live that will

insure us happiness in mortality and eternal happiness when we go from here. That is how precious

the gospel is, and yet there are comparatively few of our Father's children who even understand what it means. Those in other countries are just as much our Father's children as we are; he loves every

one of them, and, as circumstances permit, it is our privilege and obligation to share with them the gospel of Jesus Christ.

Our Heavenly Father, in his mercy, sent his Only Begotten Son into the world. He ministered

among the children of men. He healed the sick, unstopped the ears of the deaf, restored the blind to

sight, and raised up the dead. He convinced his followers in the eastern hemisphere that the purpose

of our living upon the earth is that we may prepare ourselves for that greater future life. He eventually

gave his life that this testimony might abide in the world.

But there was another purpose. It required, in the providence of our Father, a pure and spotless person to find the way of the resurrection. Jesus Christ was without sin. By reason of his purity, his uprightness and his virtue, he was able to overcome death and the grave, and show the way for his fellow

creatures unto that heaven where we expect to go.

But the question had been raised in the old world that Jesus was not of divine origin, because he was born as a little child, cradled in a manger, his mother being Mary, and was reared in the home of

Joseph the carpenter. Many have admitted that he was a great and good man, but they have desired to rob

him of the divinity of his birth. Fortunately, however, for the Latterday Saints, we have received within

ourselves a witness that these things are true; and in addition to that, we have received the testimony

that he came to his "other sheep"on this western hemisphere, as recorded in the Book of Mormon, and ministered unto the Nephites upon this continent. He did not come this time as a little child, but he came

in the clouds of heaven; and his coming was proclaimed by a voice that penetrated to the very center of

every person that dwelt in the land. He came this time as a glorified Being, the Son of God, and they

(Concluded on page 780)

Jke Cdltord j-aqe DECEMBER, 1945 741

THE CASE FOR Jhe WHOLE WHEAT BREAD injuresbeen fosteredthe stomach.that wholeLongwheatexperiencebread

has shown the fallacy of such a belief, if the stomach is normal. By proper

grinding, the whole wheat flour may

Morethe thanAmericanone thirdworkmanof theisdietbreadof weakerbe made stomachs,as fine as flourwhitemadeflour. fromFor

and other cereal products. Since wheat with the extreme outer covering

grain is one of the cheapest foods, peoof the kernel removed, could be used.

ple with smaller incomes usually eat All these objections, pitted against more; the more prosperous someman's need of health, are valueless and

what less. In the poorer countries of fall to the ground.

earth, the proportion of cereals eaten It is because of the structure of the is bread that wheat berry whole wheat sometimes rising to larger,Is much 1 nuvarious bread. white better than The percent.eighty

tritious substances are not distributed counother in many and In America kernel. the throughout wheat Inuniformly wheat. is fromtries, made bread constituimportant the of most Several antedates of food man as a wheatdeed layouter in the concentrated are ents widelarge and history. Thewritten are substances kernel. the ers These of

great imcereal this gives usespread are layers these flour the lost to when the people, is, It mostportance. among millof present in the method removed

staff of life. ing. That is the reason why people

In earlier days wheat was ground CROSS SECTION OF A GRAIN OF WHEAT who understand the laws of nutrition, whole, and the resulting meal used for A. Outer envelope, yielding bran in milling. speak of white flour as an impoverished

of B. layer, product. of contains advent which devitalized the Second the or much making. Withbread

E. kernel, minerals. protein Inner of part and including gluten, this wheat whole Starch and protein, machinery,milling chiefly starch. rich in G. vitamins and Germ,

flour is sifted and bolted to obtain a fat. ("Vitamins,"Medical Research Council, form nearly all of the wheat kernel. The

white flour from the inner starchy part page 159.) starch is concentrated in the inner part

of the wheat kernel. The outer coverof the kernel. Therefore, there is less

ings of the kernel appear by this meth- '"Phere are at least five social, ecoprotein, and more starch, in white than the flour. midThis makes germ, wheat shorts, whole wheatod as bran, considerations dein have nomic which

values, calorie in efficient flour commonmost white are useddlings, etc., and the verthe of general acceptance layed

feeds. less efficient as a replacer of wornanimal asly and successfully First, flour dict of science. white may but in the body. out cells indefinitely, while other be flour and wheat kept whole of the refining Since

reflour rather within been narrow be used must has question the began,foods maintain utilization to of food 'T'he limits stortime. prohibits long This of made bread whether askedpeatedly largely upon health depends good is as interferes flour present thus age, with and refined wheat white,from in turn need eaten. minerals These the as usage. Decentralization healthpromoting commercial andnutritious their Thus, work. to perform vitamins flour. flour mills flouring of produce wheat would whole from madebread first of vitamins minerals become and acriovercome as been needed and would has debate much theSometimes of in dietary man. the importance large are there this objection. advancSecond, years recent Withinmonious. quantivarying in contains Wheat their question interests protect milling the which answered has scienceing soil in all ties the minerals upon the

advertising. wheat vigorous investments whole food, by fully: human As of grown. the plant Some was which the bread. favor with upon not look white do is than They betterbread essential are there minerals found these industry the decentralization which of it out, health. II broke plant animal and growth to and World War When will necessary whole wheat be when to ever in largely the than germ contained necessary are They morebecame is Third, day. of the order flour the people. kernel, of the The coverings the the outer of health and the preserve the is foolish prejudice on a there

is of white protein. deficiencies also there much where the ofknowledge the against persons of part many flour and for seldom America white pound, provisions by Pound flour, to led bread. of The wheat color whole flour than white one the contains the average more enrich on to BritainGreat like better flour, they the the whiter the of as mineral matter whole third as some adding much market, by theon it. this chemiprejudice meet To is less. That, milling. often This wheat, and much in lost modern substances flour the bleach to often used cals are proposition. studies. in well foolish out brought The many a seemed course, of milIntelligent color. white to a dead first is be to partial table following example a were constituents Valuable this prejudice tried lers meet by to have of then some flour; the of out V) taken layers of the outermost only removing thoughtEvery added. to be were these a producing thus kernel, the wheat 6JC use not E ask, to led why ful person was ac grayish, slightly wholesome but more

E berry? The whole the ranee5 flour Subs from the?.2 <u 8- "peeled"the flour. have come Thus c4)JJ—oo ocCo nevertheless was program enrichment cuofj o<0 4; o gjjS.o S-cK8 of production which flours the in "S wheat superiority 0,8. e!* the a. O.U of evidence a itself an of is removed. covering outer the extreme grain; or whole the from flour made of Wheat like characof others flour"and "Staff of evidence stated, an better 1 perhaps 8 0.03 0.38 0.15 0.002 kernel flour Ellison produced. ter are so The flour. white of nature impoverished the 1.13 0.45 0.10 0.006 4Q Bran is apand so in made, Canada made all that by however, conceded, It was First the of composition the proximates submissing such few of a addition the.. 0.03 0.12 0.32.1.3 0.002 middling flour. people Fourth, who wheat whole flour equal a make not would stances 0.01 0.03 0.13 flour 0.0005.0.5 Refined all lives their bread white eaten have wheat the whole from obtained that to retaste, the to and accustomed are

kernel.* quire some time to learn to enjoy the In every case the total minerals and

p. 33 Bread, Modern taste wheat iSherman and Pearson, of whole nutty, sweet

Bulletin. Health Maryland 2E. V. McCollum, notion incorrect has Bailey,Constituentsp. 214 o[ Wheat and of Wheat Products, Fifth, the 17:1, bread. 1945

742 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA I r

invaluable vitamins in the bran and middlings, used ordinarily for the feeding of the lower animals.STAFF OF LIFE Chemical analyses agree that there is

no question about the superiority of

also been experiments have Feeding -J. WJt6oe By jbr. JoL whole wheat bread over white bread.

in to answer great numbers OF THE TWELVE conducted OF THE COUNCIL the question of whole wheat bread versus white bread. The results have been

uniformly in favor of whole wheat, the iron, calcium, magnesium, and wheat germ.* Several studies report on The animals used have ordinarily been

phosphorus, all indispensable for good some of the B vitamins in wheat and its rats, animals that in physiological relahealth, are in white flour from about products. Here is one: tionships are much like human beings.

one fifteenth to one third of the One of the most recent of such tests the in kernel, States bran, amounts the or Eastern wheat conducted was by.5.t <i—first different middlings. investigations, All Farmers'and Three Exchange. oj.!? "* 9)&3 i S* are they fact out carried with the numerous, confirm experiments were Substance"6 =*> E is flour that inferior in white mineral nonenriched enfrom breads and made

s B C So*u R> o-w ** o jjf.—is flour, content. for riched serious, h the from white whole This minand

erals in human food are of prime im- S wheat flour. Each kind of flour was

portance in maintaining human health. Wheat 2.28 1.00 6.0 4.6 made into bread with water, or skim

Without them, illness is certain to folBran 4.25 2.80 20.4 milk, or one third whole milk. The

low. This is not yet as widely known Germ 10.40? 24.1 9.6 growth responses were remarkable. In

as it should be. Refined flour.. 0.31 0.34 1.6 2.2 a period of twenty weeks the animals

There are in human food also a series fed whole wheat bread, with or without of substances which act as catalysts. This table shows that as with the milk and vitamin enrichment, grew

That is, they make the minerals active minerals, refining the flour leaves the much more rapidly and showed better in achieving normal nutrition. These "*rjr. health than the rats fed white bread.

investigator experiare called vitamins. the popularly says that 5"Wheat S&fifit 301. wZnTkL.309, 311 The pp. 291. (Concluded 744) on page exBailey, its products and been studied have

tensively for their vitamin content. It

has been found, almost without exception, that the bulk of wheat vitamins Gains in weightWhole Wheat - Enriched NonEnriched With necessary for human welfare, are grams WHOLE MILK lodged in the germ, with some in the 2S0

RAT 240 kernel. outer of the coverings wheat

230 GROWTH is socalled Vitamin complex The B 220 GAINS 210 in the prevalent probably most wheat. ON 200 It is absolutely for necessary complete TEST 190

is bodily welfare. This 180 complex made B BREADS..*H

170,t distinct of several up vitamins:

Bj, B, riboflavin thiamine or niacin or 150

'.*'? "r 140 (pellagra or pyripreventive), p.p.

.'130 acid, doxine, others pantothenic and 120 at."ENRICHMENT functions with 110 not well so known. The

LEVELS 100 of for the importance complex human, B PREVIOUS 90 physical welfare, overesticannot be 80 \* A *'TO / mated. are other vitamins of great There I, 70 OCTOBER

60 in kernel. 1943 the importance wheat For 50.r \* example, is yielding 40 1 Vitamin which E

dramatic results in preventing many ills, 2030 including cancer, is most abundant in 10

I 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 II 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20

WEEKS

Gains in weight Whole Wheat - Enriched - NonEnriched WITH Gain* in weightWhole Wheat - Enriched - NonEnriched WITH qrams SKIM MILK grams WATER 250 250 240 240 230 230 220 220 210 210 200 200 190 190 180 180 170 170 160 160 150 150 140 140 130 130 120 120 110 110 / 100 100 90 90 80 80 70 70 60 60 # i 50 50.1j—40 *—a*-————- I 1—I—. 1—1—-I I——I——40 30 30 m SaBgil jjJJ

20 20.. 10 10 I 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 1 1 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 II 12 13 14 15 I 6 17 18 19 20

WEEKS WEEKS DECEMBER, 1945 743 NICHOLAS G. SMITH

755i5iant to the Lovtncil of the Jweliue

for him. His way of life, embodied in couple is here whose marriage he performed

the quotation above, won friends for in the temple. They are living happily bethe cause he represented. cause he counseled them as to the steps

in they in could take order to be happy in that the Netherlands It was way their criticized home. is one There own who a as missionary he labored from where the Authorities the Church. of Brother Smith

1902 to 1905; and when he presided went down to him and learned about his

over the South African Mission for difficulty. That man today is mourning the

eight years beginning in 1913; and as passing of the man who taught him the betthe bishop of the Seventeenth Ward ter way.

in Salt Lake City; and as a member of He had an expression that we have oft

"I repeat: him got arm around my board; the general and as heard Y.M.M.I.A...."feels I think better. he him and much a patriarch he acted in the Church when

NICHOLAS G. SMITH Offices for a season; and as president It was indeed these little thoughtful

of the California Mission; and as a acts of Nicholas G. Smith that made

Hisafterwill, makingwritten dispositionin his own ofhand,the memberdency; andof theas SaltpresidentLake ofTemplethe Northpresi- himAuthoritiesone of ofthethemostChurch.belovedHe hadof thethe

property that he had collected western States Mission; and as assistant habit of making an appearance in a

during his lifetime, turned to his sons: to the Council of the Twelve. home, at a meeting, or in a hospital

in services his held the funeral At he most room when but needed was

... I like to say, should boys, To my Hall Square on on I Assembly Temple least expected. His deeds of personal

inall financially I leavewish could you B. the of 30, Elder Harold Lee October will kindness told at the be and retold that realize, however, dependent. You prinof of the one the Twelve, Council hearthsides of the for to years Church tried I have not been God. hasmoney my

related speakers, ciple Elder how, when come. live, I of live each to have as would you

to office assigned next an Smith was I that been has to turn a name over youand it yet alone. wasn't "Nick"Few, And his, connecting the unlocked door immorality he ancestors with unsullied by my if any, remember Brother ever Smith it to me, as as just clean came offices inquiring: or dishonesty the you two "Do

using the personal "I."pronoun Years to I it through to you expectand go on keep should see reason any we why

it suitreplaced ago the was until by more luster honor additional and receive us?"the closed door door between The

all will able us claim partnerour the "we."Savior that meant when day "We"hall, too, open, always the from was

Celestial in the exalted Kingdom beand ship we at formed the altar Salt the of all as entered greeted were and whoof our Lord. on 20, 1906, Lake Temple December sisters. brothers Brother Smith and

Smith, his Nicholas Groesbeck wife, with Florence President That Gay. was of other designation no knew for memof the the Twelve, Councilassistant to O. David Elder and Marion McKay family. the of bers human

20, life from extended the span June other at the G. Romney, speakerswhose

1881, to October 27, 1945, and who was Tt is hard to pinpoint incidents showing funeral, paid high tribute to her. It was

the son of Elder John Henry Smith of the worth of this man. Those who she who had been with him, assisting

the Council of the Twelve and later of have worked with him say: "Yes, I in his ministrations on every assignment

the First Presidency, and Josephine knew Nick; he was the finest man that he had filled since their marriage. Four

Groesbeck Smith. That was the humble I've ever met."Quoting Elder Lee: sons, Gerald G., John Henry, Stanford

elder who believed this charge that he There sits in this congregation today a G., and Nicholas Gay Smith survive

gave his sons, and who had practiced it wayward girl who was turned into the path him, as does Sister Smith, and his wherever he was assigned to labor. A of righteousness because he counseled her, mother, Josephine Groesbeck Smith,

pleasing personality easily made friends and directed her that way.... A young and ten brothers and sisters.

THE STAFF OF LIFE

(Concluded from page 743) the better parts of the wheat, and are that we shall seek good physical health ment "demonstrated beyond a doubt compelled to sell them at lower prices by abstinence from harmful things, and that the use of whole wheat bread in because of a false conception of food by the proper selection of our foods, place of white is of marked value in values. It is even less pardonable when so that great blessings, physical, mental,

terms of increased health, vitality, and people, knowing the truth, will not oband spiritual, may follow. "All grain

growth."6 serve it, because of tradition or apis ordained for the use of man—to be

Observations on human beings are to petite. People who bring disease upon the staff of life."So the positive aspects

the same effect. Cases of improved themselves, by ignoring truth, deserve of this divine law of health declare; and

health have frequently been reported little sympathy. they should be used in accordance with

when the diet has been changed only There are those who say that what our present understanding of the comfrom white to whole wheat bread. white flour lacks they will supply by position of grains. There is no reason

Doubtless much disease is caused by eating other foods very rich in the missfor assuming that the Lord meant a part an unbalanced diet, in which white ing substances. That sounds plausible, of the grain kernel. The regular use of

bread forms a large part. but is seldom attained. Poorer people whole wheat bread and cereal would

cannot always afford to buy the necesgreatly increase our health and protect

HPhe evidence for whole wheat flour, sary supplements. Richer people often us against disease.

as against white refined flour in forget, in the face of appetite, what Consult: C. H. Bailey, The Constituents

human nutrition, is complete and unanshould be done. It is best to eat all of Wheat and Wheat Products (1944);

swerable. It is a reflection of the conof our foods much as nature offers and A. W. Alcock, A Review of Vitamin

Flour White (Canada approved) Proit B them. knowledge is won, millers nature, Whentrariness of when human History and gram of Flour Enrichment In used. playing should be Then we are surpluses, of today, as they doreport the States United H. C. Sherman (1944);

safe. and S. Constance Pearson, Bread Modern 1943, 6Tda Fisher, States Eastern Cooperator, March

P. 8 The spirit of the Word of Wisdom is From the Viewpoint of Nutrition, 1942.

744 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

JOSEPH J.

CANNON an1 BURTON K.

FARNSWORTH

t/.W.MJ.-J.JeaJe*

oumetid JOSEPH J. CANNON BURTON K. FARNSWORTH

Joseph J. Cannon He wrote plays, three of which were once wrote in a brief autobiographical

produced. The Wild Pigeon and Rio sketch

TheChurchyouthwill organizationsfeel the loss ofofElderthe dePlayhouseAmor andwereSaltpresentedLake theaters.in theThinold the"Isamewas yearbornofin theBeaverLordCity,that theUtah,statein

Joseph J. Cannon, first assistant Air was presented in 1943 by the Desof my nativity, then a territory, issued

general superintendent of the Y.M. eret Players at the Lyric Theater. its famous 'manifesto.'

4, diedM.I. on A., November who talents as well and dramatic had I He three died mother was when "My 68. of son the at of age1945, The it to read one hear pleasure a him was I this old. experience years rememOf CanJenne and Sarah Jane Q.George sense his plays. keen of a showed He grief the of manifestations only ber on loved respected by andnon, he was under- a of sympathetic and humor I five old, side. years every was When theall of him. people knew The who for nature, he standing of was human I again. father married remember my encourstakes Zion were offaraway sociable. genial and distinctly preparations the of some visited inspired and he andaged when passing. All Elder Cannon's mourn trip for the long and team by made conventions. Only M.I.A.conducted will friends coworkers and His many Salt to where from Beaver Lake wagon the lived from havethose away who loyal lost a him. has miss Church The married. his fiancee to get he and went the appreciate stakescentral can what servant. talented and their of the during weeks Daily two leaders visits the of M.I.A. meanannual his to brother, older Dennis, extends and absence, sympathy Era The my laborareto the Church members who that poles old were the wife, fence Cannon, I rode Mrs. Wilcox Ramona far home.ing from build to Zion up

five 'bars'anxthe him: entrance to our of family survive home, the and who to workers those broughtElder Cannon return, in iously Father's sons, knowing waiting Europe Cannon, D. Wayne spirit gospel, helped the hethe and of Mary.'to representing 'Aunt CurtissWright have Aeronauan were we How his friendly ties the with byrenew home tired team, the tical Lt. Corporation; Cannon, were G. Grant when happy we spirit. understandingand our St. the Louis, Missouri; covered Adrian and Candrawing wagon W.

His name as a Church worker has non, Los Angeles; Ensign Bryant W. loved ones, drew into sight. We ran

been familiar to all for many years. He Cannon, San Francisco; and Mark W. to meet it and rode the last hundred

was superintendent of Ensign Stake Cannon, Deep Springs, California; two yards with them. I was given a new

Y.M.M.I.A. for three years. He served daughters, Mrs. Julian H. Steward, wooden handled pocket knife! It was

as president of the British Mission for Washington, D.C., and Mrs. Thomas wonderful. I still carry on my index

three years, returning in September F. Ralphs, Salt Lake City; eight grandfinger the markings of an early experi1937 to accept the position of assistant children; eleven brothers and six sisence with it.

superintendent of the Y.M.M.I.A. An ters. "The following year I began school,

appointment as president of the Temple then the usual: lessons, fights, picnics,

Square Mission came on October 12, Burton K. Farnsworth, Educator games, going to the principal, staying in

1937. He had previously served as at recess or after school."

sec55, r. K. Farnsworth, I. Burton in the superintendent A.Y. M. M. school high attending After academy superintendent, assistant Young of ond Twentieth wards andEighteenth D years, in his finishing three and work AssociaImprovement Mutual City. Men's Salt Lake for left an to and he began work home LatterChrist of tion, of Jesus Church of University at the student a As his farm. brother older on evening, Saints, Saturday died Ocday 1 in graduated 899 he from whichUtah, called a Elder on Farnsworth was the Virginia in 1945, 27, Mason tober degree, arts he of bachelor waswith a in going to mission 1909, by Samoa way Seattle, at Washington, Hospital fields. as served inactive many He Fiji the of Hawaii, Vancouver, and friends is his numerous and mourned by studenteditor Chronicle, the body of mission Islands. appointed was He of Franklin the family. son and was He of athleticpresident, manager, manager at his of time served secretary and most Farnsworth. Melissa White and D. and football a team,the member and mission headquarters.

organizer of the first track team. Active in both Church and state eduReturning in May 1912, he entered

He was also a student of languages cation circles, Elder Farnsworth was summer school in June, and then in the and had marked literary talents. He director of secondary education in the fall secured a position teaching school

was associate editor of the Millennial state department of public instruction in Montpelier, Idaho, where he met

Star from 1902 to 1904, and later, in and second assistant to the general suMabel Pearce, a teacher in the same 1931, became editor of The Deseret perintendent of the Y.M.M.I.A. school, who later became his wife. They

News. Of his early life Brother Farnsworth {Concluded on page 77A)

DECEMBER, 1945 745

2)o out* \JwnYOUNG MAN... Jklnkln%

0. JMc& OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC

At the Crossroads

"VT'ou'll stand at the crossroads all alone, * The sunrise in your face;

You'll have to think, for the world's unknown,

And set your jaw for a manly race.

Yes, the road goes east and the road goes west Young man, you'll have to know which is best One road ahead, my boy, will lead you down, And you can lose the race and a victor's crown.

Don't get caught in an angry snare

Because alone you stood at the crossroads there Know yourself; the better way.

Stand alone at the crossroad place

As a boy of high hopes would;

With your face all set for a manly race,

With your chin to the sun, seek the things that are good, As you stand there alone, the road you must know The only one on which to go.

Turn from the road that leads one down

You'll win the race and the victor's crown.

You'll walk today the highway fair,

Because you yourself were set at the crossroads there

To choose you the better road.

(Paraphrased by Marvin O. Ashton)

Youngafter allman,is, cantheyouimportantstand all alonething—or,orputtingdo you ithavea littleto be stronger,propped areup,

you in good company when you're—Illustration by ]. A. Bywater

alone? Can you paddle your own

canoe? It's a mighty fine thing for you

to contemplate having someone with Here's a little story that I hope will club hospitality and all the trimmings, you always to show you the better way, thrill you as it did me and they proceeded accordingly.

but life just can't be that way. The A president of a certain stake in our The first step towards upto-date

biggest part of the time no one can be Church buys and sells cattle and sheep. hospitality in a place like he was ushthere to point the way for you. Can He goes east very often to sell. He has ered into is the cocktail bar. It's a

you go through life on your own steam? a son that he sometimes takes to Chiplace where you are served a cocktail

No matter how the tempest rages cago with him. This particular fellow, before the meal, and it isn't a fruit

around you, can you choose your besides having a mind of his own, has cocktail. They had already offered the

course? a sense of humor—I mean, he is blessed lad the cigarets and he had refused.

with talking a comeback. we're Well, It the drink. offered came was Now ship drives east and another drivesOne trip a certain the about It silver tray. a shining now father him on beckwest

With the selfsame winds that blow, made when he took this young man oned him on with all the enticement *Tis the set of the sails and not the gales with him. At one time the cattle salesin the world. As it was offered to him,

Which tells us the way to go. man was called unexpectedly to anthe boy shook his head. The buyer

—Ella Wheeler Wilcox other town, and the boy was left alone leading the party, with a mixture of

in Chicago in care of the men who surprise and disgust, made up his mind

At the time you will make great dehabitually bought his father's cattle. to put this "pantywaist"sissy from

cisions, that father and mother and Now, part of the program in going east Mormondom in his place. Others were

those who have helped you in the to sell is the entertainment of the buyhuddled around, and it was really, in a course before may be hundreds of miles ers. These buyers, knowing the shipper small way, a fine place to make a grandaway. It's the stand you take then that was called away, were doubly deterstand play at the expense of the lad

will determine your destiny. When mined to spare no means in giving the from the west. With a sarcastic grin

temptation sticks up its hideous head boy a royal reception. They must take and a determination to humiliate, he

and beckons you on, will you have the him to the most elite clubhouse in the shot out at the boy, "The telephone is courage to say "no"? city. The young man was to receive (Concluded on page 775)

746 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA DL CHURCH WELFARE PROGRAM HELPS (L-tAviWDeaviip faints

Believing that "he gives twice who gives quickly,"the Church welfare plan has called its entire organizaBOXES FOR tion to assist immediately in the clothEUROPEANSAINTS ing and feeding of the Church members in Europe who can now be Photographs Courtesy reached. As other countries now un- "Deseret News"

der military control are liberated, help will be sent to them.

Perhaps the most critical need facing

Europe is fuel. It is necessary that the

little available be used for the running of the trains and the factories. Homes

and dwelling places are not heated members of the or heated poorly, and the slightest Church concerning is ofuse hot a luxury. water There collection. is the The

little fuel for cooking. In even many of clothes will be taken

the overrun countries the stoves, even to the ward meetingpots and pans, were taken by the Nazis house where they for the making of munitions. Unless will be checked and

the people are immediately clothed classified by the against the cold winter, suffering will be ward welfare committee who will then various meat producing projects. The

intense. deliver them to their bishops'storesecond need is for vitamins. For some

Thousands of quilts and blankets are house for boxing and shipping. years at least two stakes have produced

being sent in eleven pound boxes by Realizing that this is a real opportuvitamins as their part of the budget asparcel post to the Saints by stake and nity to help our brothers and sisters, the signment. In addition to their producregional welfare committees. During directing heads of the program are anxtion it will be necessary to make comthe war emergency every ward Relief ious that the best of clothing and shoes mercial purchases to supply the deSociety made twelve quilts and stored be donated. How bitter their disappointmand.

them in their ward firstaid kits. All ment will be, and how imprudent to The services of parcel post will be

of these quilts have now been called waste time and money, if articles are utilized for shipment of clothes and into the program and are being present that are not serviceable. food until such time as it is feasible to

forpared shipment as quickly as posdire the for clothing While need and send relief supplies by carload and shipsible. If the less than boxes weigh is is the bedding being met, food also being load.

allowed eleven pounds, packages of shipped in increasing amounts during Little did the Prophet Joseph Smith needles, thread, darning cotton, tape, the winter. The harvest in Europe has realize when the Lord revealed to him

dehydrated soups, and other useful been poor and small this fall. The diets the storehouse program for taking care

supplies are added to bring the boxes of all have been meager and insufficient of those in need that a hundred and up to weight. for adequate nutrition. The greatest fourteen years later it would mean the

need is for fats. Most of the fats availtemporal salvation for his people in

A Churchwide clothing drive will be able during the past war years have Europe. And little, too, did the memconducted on December 10 and 11. been used in the making of ammunibers of the Church realize when the

Relief Society teachers will visit every tion. The welfare program will enFirst Presidency announced in 1 936 the

home before that date and instruct the deavor to supply this lack through the organization of the welfare program to assist the bishops and the branch presidents in the discharge of their duties "... in searching after the poor to administer to their wants"that their work

on welfare projects, in the production

PACKAGING and storage of the necessities of life,

CLOTHING would, in less than a decade, help to

FOR bring relief to a wartorn world.

EUROPEAN SAINTS The calling into action of the vast welfare resources of the Church to clothe and feed our brothers and sisters seven thousand miles away is a living testimony of the inspiration of the

Church welfare program and personifies the cardinal objective of the program "... that no member of the

Church shall want for sustenance."

DECEMBER, 1945 747

—Illustrated by Charles Jacobsen

HIMMIIMMIIfOT—- iuiiiiiiHumiyiiij)HiiiiiJ!iiMPW'''';ja

i i"l i 1 1 l/i/ken 1 1 i i I i I i.i it

ff THE GRASS GREW J

in the neighborhood knewEveryone V I L A T E R A I L E that is, everyGeorge, and liked &1 one but Lucy, and George had no way of telling how she felt, for he was almost too embarrassed to look in her blackness of the night and considered laughed at his jokes, enjoyed talking direction. Lucy seemed so little, dainty, his small chance of ever taking any and working with him, they never inand pretty, while he felt longlegged, place of social acceptance among the vited him to their social affairs. Why?

awkward, and plain. Of course, he was young people of the ward. He had Why did they leave him out?

not much different from other boys of neither money nor time to spend in that Suddenly, he knew several possible fourteen, when legs and arms are fordirection. reasons: his trousers were too short; he

ever in the way, and feet are larger True, they did live in the best part looked funny; he had no fancy buggy;

than at any other time of life, but of the city. The Smith home was in and his family's horses were a work

George didn't know this. the vicinity of the Temple Block where, team; their house, though big, airy, and

What he did know was that, more at that time, some of Salt Lake's clean, lacked the fine, rosepatterned than anyone else, he wanted Lucy to wellto-do families lived, but George's Brussels carpets, the ornate hanging like him. Lucy lived with her grandfamily was not wealthy. Their limited lamps, and the stiff, red plush furniture,

parents, and they, as most of the neighincome had to be divided into too many like those in the homes of some of his bors, were extraordinarily fond of parts, to dress, feed, and educate the neighbors. And one other thing! the

George. They had admired his tender children of his father's two families. If Smiths had no lawn, so of course he

devotion to his mother, his helpfulness only his father had had fewer children could never have a lawn party. Beto younger children, and kindness to there would be more for each. George tween their front fence and the house,

persons in need. Lucy's grandmother checked this thought, and his face was nothing but clay which became a

often spoke of George's exceptionflushed, for he would not have given broad stretch of ankledeep dust or al qualities, but to her pretty fourup one of his brothers or sisters for sticky mud, according to the season.

teenyear-old granddaughter, George all the riches in the world. But my, On either side of the path jutted a row

Smith was a bothersome tease who how he did wish that his family were of skeleton peach trees, useless, ugly dipped the ends of her long, brown able to afford some of the extras that things except that the dwarf peaches braids in his inkwell or chased her unseemed to impress young people. If might be made into jam for winter use.

til she almost spilled the yeast that she only they owned a fine, large house with George was beginning to realize why carried in a pail from Scrace's Bakery a black and gold iron fence in front he was not accepted by the partying to her grandmother's home, every time and a beautiful green lawn from the group, but there was little he could do her grandmother was going to mix gate to the house, then he could have about it except worry—and worry he

bread. lawn parties, with a fiddler, and Japadid for most of the night.

When George was reprimanded by nese lanterns—a party like the one Rex

his mother for tormenting Lucy, he exBrown had last summer. He had seen HPhe following morning, as he dressed

plained, "But, Mother, that's the only the party in progress that hot summer to go to his work in the Z.C.M.I.

way I can make her even notice me. evening, even though he hadn't been inoverall factory, where during school

Most of the boys have fine clothes, vited. He remembered walking down vacation, he earned two dollars a week

fancy horses, and time to play and do the opposite side of the street where, by punching out thousands and thouthe nice things that the girls like. All hidden by the shadows, he could watch sands of buttonholes, his mother no-

I can do to make Lucy as much as look his friends dancing on the lawn, among ticed that he looked tired and pale, and at me is to torment her."His mother them Lucy. Why hadn't he been inasked if he were ill.

said no more. vited? In his mind George lined up all "No, I am well, thank you, Mother,"

She had no way of knowing that beof his faults and all of his good points he said, "but I would like a good talk hind George's good disposition, pleasto compare them; but actually there with you tonight."All day, as he fed

ant manner, and smiling face was an could be no comparison. He was being the overalls to the machine, he planned

aching heart. She did not see him as perfect as he knew how to be. He exactly the words he was going to say

squirm and turn and toss on his straw was doing his duty in every respect. to his mother that evening. She had

mattress. No one could see him lie Compliments were always pouring helped and advised him always. She

wideeyed, with hands locked tensely upon him from the older people of the would not fail him now. At her knee

behind his head, as he gazed into the ward. And, while the young people he had been taught to ask his Heavenly

748 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA imiiiiiitii 1 I I 1 I I 1 1 i L! -i"-inn-i-i5ii!liliiiiiii Hi I I H 1 11 1 1 1 1

Dm/ Jtom from the <=JLlfe of \Jar (resident Ljeorae Gilbert J>mlth

AS IT MIGHT BE TOLD TO VERY YOUNG CHILDREN

Father for the blessings he most desired. When night came, and the dishes

were finished and put away, and the children tucked into bed, George and the people of the world that they, too, mend and paint the fence, our place his mother sat down in the big, clean may know of the gospel and enjoy its would look as fine as any in the ward."

kitchen to talk over his problems. boundless blessings. Who could have George's eyes shone in anticipation.

George patted his mother's arm affecgreater things to be proud of? Never, "You're right, Mother! I can see that

tionately and then began very seriousnever say 'poor,'my boy. You are rich you're absolutely right."He spoke exly: "Mother, dear, I don't want you to—very, very rich in the priceless things citedly. "Is it possible, do you really feel that I am complaining, for I am not,—the things that really count."think we might fix the place up right

but I must have help and advice. I "I know, Mother,"George interaway?"Then in a low, hesitant voice

realize, that while Father is still on a rupted, fearing that he had hurt her he added, "You know I have so little mission, I have to be the man of the feelings, "I know, too, as you have spare time."

house. I, being the eldest son, expect to taught us, that the beautiful cleanliness "I have considered that, too,"his

carry the responsibilities. I am glad that and order of our home means more than mother explained. "Your father won't

I am well and able to work and help costly finery, but everyone else doesn't be back for about fifteen months so we you with your overwhelming duties. know this. Haven't you noticed that I will have this fall and all next summer

I am glad that I can milk the cow and am left out of all the big parties? Even to get it done before he comes. My plan

curry the horse. I am only too happy to Lucy doesn't notice me, now that I'm is to let the entire family in on the idea.

cut the wood, and to carry the coal and too old to tease her. She seems to be We will make the lawn a project, a

the water. I really want to do all these interested in Sam or John."surprise for Father. The plan to surthings; but by working all day, doing Mrs. Smith took George's face beprise him will interest each child, and all

chores all evening, going to my meettween her two hands, kissed his foreof them will want to cooperate. You

ings, and discharging all of my numerhead and said, "To me you are the will not have to work alone."

ous duties as a deacon, I have absolutefinest, the handsomest, the most won- "That's a grand idea,"said George ly no time left to devote to myself and derful son in the world. Of course I and his mother saw his smile as the

to make myself in any way attractive. understand, dear, and I'll think about it. moonlight fell upon his face. "I can

I should like to learn to dance well and Together we'll see what can be done to just see how much better our place will properly, and I should like to have the change things."look fixed up like that."

time to joke and play with the young The two of them talked and planned people after meetings, and not always irP'HE following day seemed doubly for hours. George went to bed feeling

feel that I should rush home to get A long to George, but again the next greatly relieved. He slept peacefully

busy. I do so long for a more atnight, when all the occupants of the big, and soundly.

tractive home so that we would not twostoried house had settled and seem like 'poor people'in comparison everything was quiet, George and his 'TThe next day was Sunday. After

to some of our neighbors and other mother went outside and sat on the * Sunday School and Sunday dinward members."front steps to continue their conversaner was over, Mother, Aunt Josephine,

At this point, George's mother intertion. The moon shone so brightly that and George gathered all of the children

rupted, "Did you say 'poor,'my son? every ugly stone jutting up in the front of the two families in the big square

Why, we are some of the richest people yard seemed visible. George's mother parlor. Then George's mother presented

in the world! Think of your inheritance. began, "My son, I have thought of you the plan explaining that it was to be

Remember your ancestors, few people all day, and I believe I have an idea. "a wonderful surprise for Father when

are so fortunate. You have the noble Our home is large, clean, and comforthe gets home in a little over a year

blood of John Alden and Priscilla in able; it compares favorably with the from now."All were delighted with

your veins. You also have the blood other houses in this neighborhood. It's the exciting plan. Each asked, "What

of our great Church leaders, you have our front yard that makes our place can I do?"or, "What is my job?"As-

a good and noble father who, instead seem so unattractive. If we could possignments were made. To some of the

of being here to buy you the worldly sibly plant grass in this big front yard, older children was assigned the job of treasures you desire and that you say have our path bordered with smooth, cutting down the peach trees that ran your friends enjoy, is giving himself round whitewashed cobblestones, covthe length of the lot, plowing and digand all his time that he may preach to er the walk with good sifted gravel then (Continued on page 784)

DECEM&ER, 1945 749 #ift from H fm\

Luella Layton lay abed on Christsun was low and golden above Mount mas morning listening to familiar Ogden, and the peak, shawled in snow, -I household sounds. That ring of was radiant amber. Between the winmetal against metal meant that Hal, her dow and the mountain, the orchard

husband, was fishing clinkers out of the stretched on and on, fairy trees frosted furnace. In the living room, the twelvewith snow and coppered with sunlight.

yearold twins, Mary and Joseph, were The blessed orchard! It, and the labor

exploring their Christmas stockings. it had brought, had made life endurable

The stockings were a concession which during the awful months after the reLuella made to fill in the time between ceipt of the telegram, "... missing in

arising and the family's assembling action."

around the fire in the grate for the giftCherries, cherries, until her back unwrapping ceremony. They were alached at the thought of them; and those

ways very long and filled with some scarcely harvested until the apricots—oranges,necessary andapples,some nonsensicalmechanical thingstoys, gold,were andon, helptons neverand tons,so hardperishableto hire.

trick boxes, gloves—anything to take How they had all worked, until exup space and time and to bring a laugh. haustion had made sleep imperative,

The radio was playing Christmas and there had been no time nor strength carols. "Silent Night. Holy Night."A for mourning! There had been a spell

quick turn of the dial and the strains of relief from the fruit during August, were gone. That would be Mary; but the Victory garden had claimed

darling, thoughtful child. She knew their time. And then the peaches. Had

how that song would hurt today. there ever been so many, or so few

Every Christmas morning for years, hands to gather them?

Paul had waked the household playThe season had ended at last and the ing that tune on the piano. There would canning and the crowded hours of getbe gifts from each of the children ting the twins properly clothed for

except Paul this year. No present, no school's opening; and they had managed

word, nothing! How could she ever get both the mental and the physical strain.

used to this nothingness? God seems always ready to give people

A squeal of delight, and rapid steps strength to bear what they must.

in the hall. Mary had found the lapel Hal's steps were ascending the basepin. Luella got up and slipped on a ment stairs, and breakfast not started.

robe as Mary ran into her bedroom. Hal must not find her too still. He

"Oh! Mother! Mother! How woncouldn't bear depression. He never

derful!"Luella looked at the absurd brought defeat into the open. She hurpin in Mary's outstretched hand. Funny ried to the closet for a dress. Thank

how important it was to have what the goodness for the gray plaid seersucker gang had. A face of shining porcelain, coat frock.

hair of blue yarn, who could think the She stopped a moment by the dresser pin pretty? But apparently it was not mirror to run a comb through her waves

only beautiful, but marvelous. Mary and repin her special Christmas curls.

spouted exclamation points! The comb had been Paul's Christmas

Luella caught her in her arms and represent to her last year. But today

ceived and returned her kiss. Then

she held her off and looked into her Tt wasn't that she loved Paul more than face. She couldn't understand how she * the others, but he had been a home

and Hal could have been blessed with boy. She missed him more. His interso exquisite a daughter. A face of ests and his pleasures had always been finer porcelain than the lapel pin's, blue at home—music, chemistry, a whole

eyes, and hair a heavy cloud of dark room of equipment and supplies in the curls. Her heart ached with delight in basement, which had been locked now

such loveliness. for six months. He had chosen few

She laughed softly and gave Mary friends but had loved them well and a little spank. "Run along out of here, had been wellloved in return. But he

young lady, and let your mother get had lived so quietly. She had scolded

dressed. Scat."him for being unsocial, and he had said,

Mary dashed back into the living "But, Mother, life is a trade. See how

room and the unfinished stocking fun. much I would have to give up to gain

the social interests you think I need. I

T uella stepped to the window and am happy. Do we all have to be ex-

*"* pulled the cord on the Venetian troverts?"

blind, flooding the room with soft light, No, they needn't.

part pale winter sunshine and part rePaul had lent his watch to his friend, flected snow light.which brought out the Sgt. Davis, who had been hospitalized

restrained suffering in her gray eyes and shortly after they had sailed. Hal had

the sag in her tall, almost gaunt, figure. wanted so much to get hold of Paul's

She stood a moment looking out. The watch. He had said, "If I just had

750 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA * * * ly lua Utiles Wangsgaard

something that Paul had had with him, person sat in front of a little stack of something I could touch and think of as his, or her, gaily wrapped presents.

coming from him to us! His watch or There they were, the gifts that had

pocketknife."lain within the paper: the warm,

How like Paul it was when he had brushed rayon robe for Luella for heard of Sgt. Davis'need to have said, which the twins had sacrificed so many

"Here. Take mine!"movies; the down comforter that Hal

A friend's letter had said that Sgt. had tried so awkwardly to hide; the

Davis had hardly reached the deck beusual array of neckties, mufflers, gloves, fore the torpedo struck, and he had and shirts.

never seen Paul again. The sergeant Now there was the miscellaneous

had been in hospitals ever since. He mail. Paul had given his friends his

would probably take care of returning parent's address, knowing that his own the watch when he could. Luella whereabouts was never certain, and in

dropped on her knees for a quick praycase a pal needed to reach him the folks er: would always be in touch.

"Father in heaven, help me to bring That long, flat parcel like a photohappiness to my family on this day of graph, from Sgt. Fred Talbott, somerejoicing, the birthday of thy Son and body whom Paul had met at camp. She

our Savior. Grant that the day shall handed it to Mary while she reached

not pass without leaving with me some for another.

message of hope to lift the weight of "Ah! How darling! Mother, see. A

futility and loss from my heart. Amen."baby. A charming baby boy. And a

letter. Mother, it s for you."Mary's

4iTU\other! Mother!"That was excitement was contagious.

A Mary and Joseph calling now. Luella studied the smiling baby feaThe pressure, always the pressure of tures, and read the inscription: "From

the twins'wants and Hal's needs, till Paul Layton Talbott to Pfc. Paul Laythere was never time to get her thoughts ton for distinguished service."

untangled. If she could once find someLuella swallowed rapidly and turned

thing to rid her mind of the conviction to the letter with its notation: "Dear

of futility; twentytwo years, boyMrs. Layton, please forward this pichood, college years, and now nothing ture. This is our way of thanking Paul

—nothing. for the night's sleep he lost to take care

"Mother!"of this young man's daddy when he

"Coming, dear,"and she hurried into was too distracted to take care of himthe kitchen. Soon the electric beater self. I've told Elsie, my wife, how

was humming in the hot cake batter, Paul saved me from making a fool of and the savory smell of sausage and myself. But it made me so mad to get

eggs caused a stir in the living room. tied up in red tape when Elsie needed

Mary came running to set the table. me, and it didn't seem wrong to me then

Joseph passed by the door on his way to go AWOL. But Paul saw, as he alto the bathroom to wash for breakfast, ways did, and persuaded me to wait

and Hal rattled the paper, contentedly and then watched all night to make sure waiting. that his persuasion stuck. The teleShe looked at her dwindled family gram next morning showed how right

seated at the breakfast table. Hal, tall he was—Elsie and young Paul safe

and robust in spite of his fifty years and everything okay! We hope that we

and his fine dark hair scarcely tinged can rear him to be half the man that with white; lovely Mary, and Joseph his namesake is. All our love, Fred and

with his eager, little boyishly round, Elsie Talbott."

freckled face under sandy hair, still Luella handed both letter and photowet from his crude attempt at combing graph to Hal and watched pride fight it. Today must be a happy day. Christwith grief in his bowed face.

mas was for children and happiness. "Please, forward..."She hoped

After breakfast, Mary and Joseph Paul knew.

cleared the table and did the dishes finished. to Luella the attended chores while Rosaunwrapping was of The

getting into the the turkey and oven lee, had show a, come to Mary's pal, other dinner fixings prepared. A few Mary her new coat. Joseph had slipped

minutes of slickingup the bedrooms, out with his new skis and a companion.

and they were ready for the real Hal was deep in a book. Luella went

Christmas. into the kitchen to check on dinner and

The fire was bright beside their little to prepare the salad. There was the

semicircle. Their thoughts, much ofdoorbell again. Mary could take it. It

tener than their words, were with the was probably the third of her trio, absent one. Virginia. But, no, that was a male

Hal turned to the task of helping voice, a strange voice, quick steps.

Mary sort the parcels, and soon each {Continued on page 788)

DECEMBER, 1945 751

is the biggest fact in the Its is clashingTruthworld. error with

the irresistible conflict of the ages.

When a timid reformer with his half error and half truth, comes in contact with the thought and opinions of his time he makes no great disturbance; but

when a bold prophet of God like Joseph

Smith announces his deep facts about

God, man, and eternity, all the forces of error are lashed into fury; the wicked

frown, the mob rave, and let loose the dogs of persecution.

What is in the homely name, Joseph

Smith, that the mention of it should divide humanity into two distinct classes: those who bitterly hate him and

those who ardently love him?

TThe right answer to these questions is the most vital and significant religious fact of our modern world. That

answer is not found in the word "delusion."The dim eyes of deception never

saw so clearly as Joseph Smith did the great fundamentals of religion. Hallucination never founded a perfect

church organization and gave to the world a great philosophy of religion.

Nor can this Prophet's message be driven out of the court of the world's thought and opinion by shouting, "Im-—Photograph by

postor."His mark upon his age is too Jeano Orlando

deep to be erased by the tongue of slander. "A false man,"says Carlyle,

"cannot even build a house."And yet

Joseph Smith laid the foundation of a church and erected a superstructure

i5u V jepkl srensen,Joseph Smith

thereon so perfect, in adjustment and presence of God. Herbert Spencer was the beginning of the real modern

practical workings, that it has called ended his long life saying, "God is unspiritual renaissance. The boy who

forth unstinted praise from even those knowable."Joseph Smith, when only a prayed that day in the silent woodwho hate his name. He bequeathed to boy of fourteen, saw the Maker of all, land of Palmyra had a heart as

this Church a legacy of truth and faith and heard the voice that had stilled the deep as truth, and lifted high as that inspires his followers with the holy storm and stayed the wave. heaven. He had the faith that defies

zeal to give all and sacrifice all for the In the age that Huxley glibly talked fate. Around him were the soenlightenment, purification, and enabout an "absentee God,"and learned phistical theologians with their hearts

noblement of mankind. theologians bowed at the shrine of a full of doubts and their heads full of

No, the explanation of the power of rhetorical image, Joseph Smith redistheological abstractions, wrangling

Joseph Smith's name is not found in covered the true and the Living God. about empty forms and dead cerethe epithets "delusion"or "impostor."In the teeth of the ageold doctrine of monies. All the notions, customs, creeds,

It is found only in the word truth. And a God "without body, parts, and pasand dogmas of the time, denied the poswhat a flood of truth he poured into a sions,"this bold prophet declared that sibility of a real answer from God. But

shallow world of "cold hearts and the Lord of heaven is a tangible personin spite of doctrines, dogmas, and hastening feet."age of tabernacle, in whose exact image doubts, he believed in him who said, "If

and likeness man was made. He boldly any of you lack wisdom, let him ask

"LJis real career commenced in 1820, brushed aside the Nicene Council's beof God, that giveth to all men liberally, when he was given a vision of the wildering words, descriptive of the and upbraideth not; and it shall be given

Father and the Son. That year, Herbert Trinity; and plainly averred what the him."(James 1:5.)

Spencer was born. The names of both Bible clearly teaches, that the Father

these men have been heard around the and the Son and the Holy Ghost are "ITU'hen Joseph Smith walked out of world. The one is the synonym of three distinct personages, and one in the sacred grove that day, he was

doubt; the other stands for faith. The mind, spirit, and purpose. While the greater than the most learned theoone was the high priest of evolution; faithless priests of shallow creeds were logians and the profoundest philosothe other was a prophet of a living faith. standing afar off, calling to God in the phers. He held the key to the knowlThey both strove to find the same thing, cold words of learned theological edge of God. He had a power greater

the knowledge of God. Herbert Spencer formulas, Joseph Smith reannounced than that possessed by potentates. He

used the key of reason, and Joseph the warm, pulsating truth contained in held in his heart the most powerful thing

Smith the key of faith. Herbert Spencer the Lord's prayer, "Our Father which in the universe, the omnipotent faith

sought to find God through an endless art in heaven.'that makes the powers of heaven the

analysis of the crust of things. Joseph Joseph Smith's first vocal prayer servants of men. The Bible had for

Smith went by prayer right into the marked the beginning of an epoch. It ( Continued on page 765

752 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 1 UNIVERSAL MILITARY TRAINING

<=JJediiahie

BY

O. rlten 5atentan, PH.D.

UTAH STATE SUPERINTENDENT OF PUBLIC INSTRUCTION

is the proposal Furthermore, made anyWhenever policy important adoption immediate an to change of our country, time should be of this proposed taken, if possible, to investigate all program would seriphases of the problem before a ously interfere with—Photograph by Neofot

decision is reached. There does not our efforts to secure

seem to be any good reason for the establishment of immediate action on the question of an international oruniversal military training. Its immeganization that will effectively maintempts to secure an effective world ordiate adoption is not necessary in order tain peace. Conditions are such that ganization. Our systems of voluntary

for the United States to have an adethose who wish to preserve our civilizamilitary service are as old as our modquate armed force in the event of an tion must make every possible effort to ern democracies. Although every other

early resumption of hostilities. We now see that nations do not again make war. large country has at one time had comhave a reserve of more than ten million All scientific evidence indicates that pulsory military service, these two

men, trained in the latest methods of within a few years, unless common alone during the past hundred years warfare, who could be immediately agreement and international organizahave been undefeated in war. For our

called into service if need arose. We tion prevent it, all of our large nations victorious nations, at the time we are

are still inducting, under the wartime will be making atomic bombs much leading the world in an effort to organselective service act, all eighteenyear- more destructive than those used ize to maintain peace, now to change old youths into the armed forces. A against Japan; that they will be made our traditions and adopt the greatest

constantly increasing number of discheaply and in large numbers; that there program of military preparedness the

charged veterans are enlisting for conis no adequate defense against them world has ever seen, would be to imtinued service. For the next few years since they probably may be smuggled press upon the world a lack of faith in

we are assured of adequate forces of into cities in suitcases, or sent thouour efforts; in effect it would be an

welltrained men to protect us in case sands of miles in rockets too speedy to announcement that we had no hopes for of need. be successfully intercepted; that the international cooperation. Other nanext war will doubtless begin with surtions would ignore our attempts to orprise attacks and that all large cities in ganize for peace and would multiply

a country could be wiped out in a few their efforts to prepare for war.

hours'time. In a war of this kind the There is nothing in modern history

United States would be at a disadvanto show that extensive military pretage because of our highly industrialparedness preserves the peace. Gerized society and the high percentage of many in the last two world wars has

our people living in concentrated areas each time attacked two great nations, of population. Our leading scientists France and Russia, that have been exhave recently testified that the atomic pecting war, have had compulsory milibomb has lessened the relative military tary training and have thought themadvantage of the United States as comselves to be adequately prepared. In

pared to other countries. Under these the recent conflict, Japan attacked the

conditions it is especially desirable that United States in what was essentially we find effective ways of international a naval war, although the United States cooperation to prevent war rather than had a navy which was generally to continue the attempt to maintain thought to be superior to that of Japan.

peace by the threat of armed power. The actual state of military preparedness is not the factor that determines

"pOR the United States and Great whether or not war will come, but

Britain to adopt compulsory milirather the belief of an aggressor that it tary training at this time would have a can secure an advantage by surprise bad psychological effect upon our at- (Continued on page 780)

DECEMBER, 1945 753 Jka oLlte WIFE A MORMON

home. Yes, because the same brain that

had struggled with the problems incident to the training of a schoolroom full of restless children now attempted toten—sevensolve otherchildrenproblemsandinthreea familyadults.of

No, because the soul of Augusta Winters Grant had developed, as a result of life's experiences, to a point where she accepted joyfully a situation which in former years would have seemed too much for her to undertake. The fact

that there was at last a spot she could call her home, and that she could now assume her rightful name, more than compensated for the extra burdens she assumed. "Home,"she wrote after she had been in her new surroundings for several months, "how sweet that word is to me and how much I appreciate my home no one can ever know, except those who have been deprived of that sweet blessing for as many weary years as I have."

There were gossips who shook their heads and whispered how Lucy was hardly gone before another woman had stepped into her shoes. They didn't

know as I do—not only my father, but my oldest sister has told me—that

Lucy's last words to her husband had been: "I can die peacefully because a

woman that I love and that you love is to rear my five little girls and my baby boy."The children were not left groping as to the meaning of death. They were

made to understand that to one who had suffered as their mother had, death could come as a sweet release. "There

was no dark, mournful spirit in that home when I entered it,"my mother

AUGUSTA GRANT'S NEW FAMILY AS THEY recorded in her journal, "but rather a

LOOKED WHEN SHE CAME INTO THEIR HOME. feeling of calm and peace."

3. 2. LUCY; FLORENCE; 4. RACHEL; X S. 6. EDITH;1. HEBER 5. ANNA; -! serenity of the so the of home, Dart

i Change A Great says, mother from emanated my before I could time overcome some Grant, my dear a memGrandma was who despondency. of the summer 1893, my mother of ber the household. very a She had

a what change, a "What thankful to the yet veryInwrote: "And I am relisatisfying philosophy of life. The

into I do change has come privilege my life! of taking that the I have Lord gion for she had which of Mormonism,

not seem to myself like the same person this responsibility and trust, and I look sacrificed wealth and comfort, was the that to feelI used ago. I a year duty, was well sacred as upon it as a in life as a dearest thing to her. Hers was a

I seeI useless, but almost now this so pleasure, life to sweet was to devote my faith, childlike satisfying. simple and

almost that to is I am do love. somuch dear overtask of husband My father said: suconce Of it my "When is anyone there think I don't thiswhelmed. considerate kind of and me that cess thankful; came, a she was when change complete a more it has had lighter than taskwho makes much my child the she born, Lord; thanked was

of life than I have. otherwise might be. I think I love him and when a loved one died, she always

"The saddest occurrence I have to more than I ever did before. I shall be felt to acknowledge the hand of the

if all assist in thankful I can them died on the so death. She is Lucy'srecord Lord. "Her motto was, 'It's all for the life."the share suffering of any burdens after such way and January,third of best.'

as no one can realize, I think, except Could this be the same individual When "Aunt Gusta,"as my mother those who go through it. writing, who, eight years before, had has always been called by Lucy's chil-

"I have all her sweet children to care felt to commiserate with her sister, dren, assumed her new responsibilities, for, and my heart is full of pity and Delia, when the latter had married she found that her relationship had been love for them. It seemed a very great John E. Booth and had taken on the recarefully explained to the children by

responsibility for me to undertake at sponsibility of caring for four mothermy father, and the fact that their mothfirst, and I feared that I might not be less children? The answer would be er had stayed in the quiet of her sister

able to do all that I ought to in the way yes and no. Yes, because the same pair Julia Woolley's home for several

that I should. No one can think how of hands that had belonged, at least part months prior to her death had somewhat

sad and sorrowful I felt to go there of the time, to a lady of leisure, now softened the parting.

and take Lucy's place as I did. It was helped in the daily tasks of a large After the mother of his children had

754 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA By MARY GRANT JUDD ers Ljrant -Daughter of /-'resident J4eber tf. and

died, my father had felt that his cup of must try to understand and attempt to.vuyulta lA/interi Urant

sorrow was full to overflowing, but it direct properly.

was only a short time until another great "Ray"as the eldest daughter has trial pressed close upon the heels of always been called by her intimates, to the festive meal. But she said

the first. but who was christened "SusanRachel"nothing, studied her cookbook, and at

In order to ease the hurt in the hearts for her two grandmothers, was a very the appointed time brought a beautifully of the three eldest daughters—Rachel, capable girl. The fact of her mother's browned bird to the table. The fact reLucy, and Florence—he had, immedilong illness had placed many of the mained, however, that she cooked more

ately after their mother's death, taken responsibilities of the home upon her because it had to be done than because them away for a trip to Washington, young shoulders and had matured her she particularly enjoyed it. The result

D.C. was that she usually depended on "the

"They were having a pleasant time,"girls"to take over the fancy cooking, so my mother records, "when 'Ray'and which they loved to do.

'Lutie'were taken seriously ill with diphtheria, and Heber was there alone "Day was an excellent cook, in fact, for over boardinghousewith in a them lines. capable along many When a terrible time."Thisa month. was but thirteen she years was old, GrandHow she prayed that her husband ma Grant had told in a letter written

parting of anguish notwould know the to parents, in Ray's on a trip were who the after children so soonwith his the their East, daughter had how well death of his wife, and how glad she taken hold in their absence.

was when she could write:

"They survived and at last were able The second daughter, Lucy, though to start home. only twelve years old when my mother

"For fear they would not be able to came into the home, was, like Rachel, stand the entire journey, Heber had matured beyond her years. She comspirituality marked with a loving in bined so that, in Chicago themme meet nature. plenty were always of There sincethis event, he could go right home,

for us and kisses ones younger to hugs very anxiousthe Presidency were call her from "Lutie"day. to this as we of the the dedication him there forhave

Salt Lake Temple. But the children It was she who gathered us about her

stood the journey remarkably well, and and told us stories that would help us we were all delighted to come home to- "GRANDMA"GRANT to be better children. She even organgether, the more so since we arrived ized a little evening class to which some

just in time to attend the first session of far beyond her years. It could not have of the neighbor children were invited,

(April dedication of thethe Temple for see another her to easy 6, been woman to

I mon. very appreciated a privilege1893), teachWeus alllistenedabout attentively,the Book of butMor-I, preside the household to over come

much. affairs in which she had played a leadfor one, was more intrigued when, with

"After we arrived home, Florence, ing part. appropriate gestures, she recited "Binwho had escaped diphtheria in the East, Grandma Grant had been trained in gen on the Rhine"or "Curfew shall

came down with it. That the other efficient household management, and not ring tonight."

children might not contact the disease was acknowledged to be an immaculate Florence, the third daughter in the

I took Edith, Anna, Mary, and little housekeeper and a perfect cook. My family, had a rare combination of artisHebey to the Deseret Hospital and mother, on the other hand, because of tic ability and a practical turn of mind.

stayed with them there three weeks, her aptitude for teaching, and her older As a little girl she had boxes and boxes but three of the four came down with sister Delia's interest in homemaking of "doll duds"which she had made herit, only Mary escaping. It was a misarts, had had little training in domestic self, and reams of handcolored paper

erable time."affairs. She had never supervised a dolls. To encourage her along these

But at last the ordeal was over and home in all her life unless we except lines she was given dressmaking les- "things brightened up, as they have a the short period when she and Bessie sons at an early age, and, while still in way of doing if you will just give them Dean Allison "batched it"in New her teens, was painting water colors time."York City. It must have been difficult under the tutelage of John Hafen, our

It artist. infor renowned Florence at the times noting Utah was Grandma, in been had mother the After new for lack brother, big of wife, who, son's could not of a her experience second months, a surroundings fewher changed

fix bit tinker the about the her to house a but to run and advise home, how has feel that the "I Lord wrote:she

it. things that needed held wisely her allowed she and peace are far. children thusblessed The me the of the to household member new Edith, the of the tempestuous tomboy be, and, they can asjust to lovely as me in her her out problems way. work own family, the opposite exact of was Anna, the of blessings continued thewith

Lord, I trust I may retain their love, Fortunately, my mother was of an ortwo years her junior. Where Anna

and that we may be a united and happy derly turn of mind, and the woman who would sit patiently each morning while family. If this can only be the case I had been so successful a teacher could, "Aunt Gusta"wound her dampened

shall feel fully repaid for any extra by applying herself, transfer her abilibrown locks around a long stick, Edith, cares I may have."ties into channels of homemaking. Orahead of her day, wore her dark hair

ganization played a definite part in the cut short like a boy's, and couldn't be

The New Family setup of her home, and cooking, she bothered with frills. She could run fleet

decided, could be learned from the big as a deer, skated expertly, and could hit

P\o not suppose there were not green volume labeled White House a baseball with a boy's bat, much to the "obstacles to overcome and adCookbook that she found in the family disgust of the rest of us who used a rubjustments to make when my mother kitchen. ber ball and a wide bat. In fact, the opassumed the role of fostermother. The She laughingly tells with what trepiposite sex accorded Edith the privileges

children from fouryear-old Heber to dation she prepared her first Thanksof a male in their sports. Even as a

fourteenyear-old Rachel were very giving dinner. She had never cooked child she possessed a natural singing

distinct in their personalities, which she a turkey, let alone the accompaniments (Concluded on page 790)

DECEMBER, 1945 755 <$ QJ(D[Pd] spGfeOD

TLTeard from the "Crossroads of the West"with the Salt Lake

A A Tabernacle Choir and Organ over a nationwide radio network THROUGH KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING SYSTEM EVERY

By RICHARD L EVANS Sunday at 12:00 noon Eastern Time, 11:00 a.m. Central Time,

10:00 a.m. Mountain Time, and 9:00 a.m. Pacific Time.

\Jn the iojvtedtion of <UJtivorce \Jn i5ecomlnaf rdle

is Scottish "If the reads: old an proverb which 'T'here in nature, personal is highly question is a which TThere

idle, he'll find it devil to work."set him a by 1 It was man because than personal, which and yet more is much

affects not only individuals, but the whole structure of no mere whim that the Lord God gave man his work to society. The world's attitude toward the separation of do and commanded him to do it."Yet men often suppose

two people who have been lawfully wedded, has varied that they would enjoy themselves everlastingly in idleness.

greatly with time and with place, and still does. But no But let them be forced to idleness, and it would quickly

matter how widely differing may be the laws and attitudes become more irksome than work had ever been. In fact,

toward divorce, we must admit that in our generation there he who supposes a heaven without work supposes no has been a growing laxity of attitude toward broken marheaven at all, but a place of boredom, a place of restless, riages, broken homes, broken families. Perhaps most men discontented souls. Of course there are extremes of work,

would be willing to concede that there are some causes as there are extremes of idleness. Some work becomes

which make it desirable, or even necessary, for people burdensome soon; all work may become burdensome if

who have once been wedded to go their separate ways. continued without respite—but so does all leisure. SomeBut it must also be admitted that to the real causes there times we hear of those who suppose that we have a surplus

have been added many superficial causes which cater to of hands or of brains—those who seem to fear that one

the whims and to the quick changes of mind and of heart class of men, or all men, are going to run out of things to of those who lightly consider and flagrantly abuse the do, and who would restrict, therefore, how much a man privileges and obligations of marriage. So often the person may do. As to this, we need but ask a few selfanswered

who seeks divorce as the way out, has supposed that others questions: Was there ever a time when even the meager

who are married do not have adjustments to make, or and modest wants of men were fully satisfied? Was there

sacrifices, or compromises of personal privilege. But never ever a time when everything was made that should be

would we find a man and a woman whose thoughts and made—or when everything was built that needed building?

whose preferences were so alike as to require that neither Were all things ever beautified that needed beautifyof them give up anything for the privilege of pursuing life ing? Were all the children ever taught that needed teaching?

together. Too many who request a termination of their Were all the souls ever saved that needed saving? We

marital vows imagine that their errors of understanding might even ask if all the worlds were ever made that could and deficiencies of wisdom would, with someone else, unbe made? Who under heaven is ever going to run out of

questionably solve themselves. But those who cannot make work! Or in heaven, either-—for that matter? To withtheir peace with one partner in marriage have no positive hold labor contributes but to impoverishment, because the

assurance that they can make their peace with any partner world is enriched only by the total effort of all, and the in marriage, because often those who seek separation supless there is for all of us, ultimately the less there is for pose that others are wholly the cause of their difficulties, each of us. Progress has been the gift of those who were

whereas they themselves, in part at least, may be responfearful that they couldn't do enough, and not of those who sible. There have been hasty marriages in war times, but were afraid they were doing too much. Progress comes

let not that mean that there should be hasty divorce. Too by letting good men do their best—and we assume much

often divorce means a running away from problems, rather when we assume the power and privilege of wasting human than the solving of them. Let those who have rushed in, energies, of making needed things scarce, or of retarding

take time to become acquainted and to work out their the progress of men. Either men are free to work, or they

relationship of is sacred, together. marriageproblems The

its are for at all; for is sake, not free work, even own

it in of not, sacredness there be little wouldand if were it essential as for creates. to happiness, well as what Of

it islife. is It contract; than solemn a legal a covemore

nant which affects not only the lives of two people, but course, free men must also have their freedom not to work the whole social pattern of the present, and the lives of—but it is written: "Thou shalt not be idle; for he that

the generation to come. The strength of a nation depends is idle shall not eat the bread nor wear the garments of

upon the stability of its homes. Easy divorce tends to unthe laborer."""Blessed is he who has found his work"*

dermine that strength without putting anything in its place. and who pursues it with all his mind and strength.

But, on the personal side of the question again: Admittedly—October 7, 1945.

there are exceptions to all these generalizations, but, admittedly also, running away from things is seldom the final GenesisComplete3:1719;CollectionExodusof Scottish20:9 Proverbs, 1721, James Kelly

solution to any problem.—October 21, 1945. a4ThomasD. 6 C. Carlyle42:42

756 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA m iptupe

LJn <=LuLym9 deed, they often weigh the supposed pleasures against the out Speakreatem9 possible penalties, and then they weigh the chances of

TThere has sometimes been an all too common assumption escaping the penalties, and act accordingly. Especially

that truth pertains merely to what one says or writes would it seem that punishments which are postponed to a in effective causing often hereafter not very are remote impression that with give assumption a wrong if we—an their ofttimes error of to ways. Heaven give up the men stillthe right the truth. within are But words words, we

that which is seemingly remoteare not the only way of conveying meanings. And whether seems so far away—and

or not we are truthful depends not only upon the words may hold but little fear for the present. But quite apart

we use, but also upon what our intention is, and what from the mere threat of remote punishment, it would be impression we give. The truth has not been told unless well to consider the absolute certainty of immediate punis accredited Elbert with saying: Hubbard "Men conishment. honestthere is an thought—an part their sins, not for them."* At least are punished by of have beenveyance what words honestmeaning—-regardlesstransference ofof

are certainlyused. The impressions we leave deliberately are as binding of this statement is profoundly true—we

as the words we speak, and if we knowingly leave a false punished by our sins. If we do something we shouldn't do,

impression, to that extent we are not truthful, no matter even if no one else knows it, the gnawing accusation of of immediate conscience certain and is one form our own impressions say. untruth of the can be Indeed,what we

others is of accusation punishment. unavoidable The of and the untruth misleading than vicious and moremore

words. A picture, an act, a gesture, may tell a thousand only intermittent, but the accusation of self is constant. It

untruths without audibly saying a word. It is a relatively hangs as a backdrop to all that we do. Whatever we may

easy matter to convict a man of a spoken or a written lie, think, always behind them is the suggestion of other acbut it is often difficult to convict him of deliberately making cusing thoughts. Whatever hours we may sleep, always

a false impression. You can analyze words; you can read there is the chance of dreaming, and always there is the

them; you can record them; you can define them; you can certainty of waking. There may be those whom we may

hear the true or false ring of the voice that speaks them. think have "gotten away"with some misdeed without

it is only because we doBut an unspoken lie is an illusive deception. It is akin punishment, but if we think so,

to the kind of lying a man does when, for example, he not know what goes on inside them. There is no misdeed

falsely wears a uniform of some kind or other, which, which does not exact its own penalty, whether God or without his saying so, gives the impression that he is the agencies of men immediately choose to do so or not.

something which he is not. For this kind of impersonation There is no kind of malpractice, the consequences of

there are specific penalties. But for some kinds of imwhich are reserved wholly for the hereafter. We may

personation, the penalties are difficult to invoke Nevergamble on outsmarting the law: we may gamble on the

theless, he who acts a lie, he who lives a lie, or he who seeming remoteness of heaven and its judgments; we may

knowingly permits a deception, is guilty on moral grounds even gamble on the leniency of men and on the mercy of a gamble with his own conwith him who deliberately speaks a lie, because both conGod—but no man ever won

his conscience think beaten has science. he he should Eventrive others. mislead to of the those minds with many To

still their leave upon marks his misdeeds submission, into all toyears our of them, to ahead youth especially—and all is certain in the than world nothing more him. There it if said live convincingly that be would youothers—let lives act our has that of thought and the certainty every inin offer hearts, honor, halfdon't with peace your and a

truth to anyone who has a right to the whole truth. Don't its effect upon us, for good or ill, whether it is known by

against this factwarp the facts, either by word or by a deliberate misothers or not—and anyone who gambles

14, 1945.impression-—because he who deliberately falsifies without has already lost his gamble.—October

words is guilty with him who does it with words. And Philistine, Vol. XI, p. 7

even though the rules of legal evidence may not always be able to hold him accountable, the rules of moral eviCopyright. 1945.

dence will. October 28, 1945.

\Jn (L>6capina [-enaiti "pREQUENTLY the question is asked: Just how effective

is the threat of punishment in keeping men from doing things they should not do? To this, we

must frankly answer that often the mere threat of punishment does not seem to becausebe very effective—perhaps

so many men apparently are willing to gamble on the chances of avoiding punishment for their errors. In

contemplating some misDECEMBER, 1945 757

Ward, as scoutmaster and scout commissioner of the Ensign district; stake

superintendent of the Liberty Stake

M.I.A.; Liberty Stake high councilor; CkwehJ/loves On

Swiss Mission ard W. Madsen who is expected to rePresident active Child has long been president of the Swiss Mission was"Appointment of Scott Taggart as turn to his home in Salt Lake City. in served Church affairs. counas a He announced October the First 20, by

Presidency. The missionaries were selor in the Alpine Stake Sunday

called from this field at the beginning of World War II.

Max Zimmer, Sr., has been

serving as actDAVID I. STODDARD DR. W. CREED HAYMOND

ing mission and counselor in the Bonneville Stake president. presidency. President dentistry studying a young man As Taggart was in he Pennsylvania of the University at

Europe from distinguished himself in athletics.

1920, 1916 to will accombe President Haymond servwhere he his field wife his of labor to by RICHARD W. MADSEN FRANCIS A. CHILD panied secretary as SCOTT TAGGART ed George Creed, Jr., sons, and and two

of the Swisslater as Haymond. superintendency, and School President under AnMissionGerman (Idaho) in the clerk Murtaugh ward year a he worked gus For Cannon. J. Mission Norwegian Stake. Falls the of He Twin Ward service. in consular the American He the of successively a member was the First announced Presidency 'T'he reposition vice as to consul declined a a Stake, ot the Ogden board M.I.A. * Peterof A. Richard appointment turn home. counhigh Stake of the Ogden member of the as president MisNorwegian son their daughtwin Taggart and Mrs.

cil, of the presidency of a and member 24. is President This sion October on will Claire, ters, Carol accompany and

later of the Stake, Ben and the Ogden Switzerland. to Taggarts have Peterson's him The

Stake. - Lomond i. mission fourth children. three other—will Child on him accompany Mrs. he to Norway,

Swedish Mission his mission. having filled a JSt* %&

1 in 905mission called First Presidency R. 'T'he Eben Mission States Northern preand 1907, A f to serve Blomquist president as T.

'Dr. of 7V Creed Hayppointment W. jk the over sided mission 23. the of Swedish October on *** dentist, as Salt City 1 Lake mond, 923in mission in other the missions of Europe, As States of Misthe president Northern again 1926, and s missionarie

1 the sion 2 October announced by was in 19361939, recalled were PresiFirst Presidency. succeeds He he evacuwhen at from Sweden

I. return will dent Stoddard David the who misated of the outbreak

in his to Oregon. LeGrand, home sionaries the at in hostilities

is the chairman Dr. Haymond, who beginning of af1939, and the the of of committee II. Y.M. Men World War M left fairs the in A. PETERSON RICHARD general long record a has M.I.A. board -restricted War local of hands activiof with boys'working and boys activities have Fritz members.

ties in the successivehas Church. acting He Sonsteby, directed been O. by has Johansson ly superintendent as the of served president. mission acting the been in the Salt City Eighteenth M.I.A. (Continued 768) on Lake page presimission

dent.

P r e sid ent Blomquist, a naEBEN R. T. BLOMQUIST

tive of Sweden, MISSIONARIES WHO emigrated to Salt Lake City, Utah, ENTERED THE MIS-, as a youth of seventeen. He returned to SIONARY HOME SEPhis native land as a missionary in 1911, TEMBER 10 AND DEserving until 1913. He and Mrs. BlomPARTED19, SEPTEMBER1945

quist recently returned from an eighteenmonth mission in northern

California, where he served as mission secretary. children Carroll, left Holladay, Esther Johnson, Evangetina Elixondo, Myrtle Jeanne to right: Dorothy row, and two Blomquist Mrs.

Lietz, Thornton, J. Isgreen. Flora Thornton, William director; Verna Colton, Esther Don FirstB. Blomquist. with President will go Anderson, Rela Haynie, A. Saunders, Stanton Armstrong, Second George Myrtle row: H. Mary

Call, Slack, Call, C. Price. Leah Anson Walter Mary are four older children in the There Slack,

Isgreen, Third Saunders, row: Martha Leo W. Val K. Meier, Mary L. Simons, George W. Simons, Beatrice family. Marshall, R. Price. Stringham, Alta Rulon

Fourth row: Beth Bell, Betty Hess, Zella Roberts, Fred H. Mason, Donna Youngberg, Jose de la Cruz,

Western States Mission GraceFifthStone.row: Thora Whiting, Glenna Cobb, Mardeen Davis, Frank E. Roberts, Ezra Bunker, Ruth Zundel,

"Crancis A. Child of Ogden, Utah, LauraSixthRae row:Sorenson.Virginia Paulsen, Eunice Frost, Irene Farnsworth, Ora Lee Cluff, Ruth Call, Lucille Beck,

*- was named by the First Presidency Eva Stoker.Seventh row: Anna J. Smith, Wilford McClellan, Reva W. Walker, Joseph E. Richards, Melvin Clayton,

on October 23, as president of the Horace Welling.

Western States Mission with headHyrumEighthGubler.row: Marie Burnett, Adelbert Barnett, Curtis Q. Baird, Paul S. Knowlton, Ben B. Alwari,

quarters at Denver. He succeeds RichLucile Richards and Samuel Tomlinson were absent when photograph was taken.

758 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Latlma 411 \ jins

FOR THE

c=>Latterdau Salnt Ljlrl6

Prepared under the direction of the

Presiding Bishopric by LEE A. PALMER

Field Representative foe the Aaronic Priesthood

H.HE Church has always taught the of such a proequalityT of the man and woman "in the gram and is

Lord."A man cannot reach his highest now in a posipossible estate without the woman nor tion to begin its

can the woman attain her greatest glory active promowithout the man. Whatever is done to tion.

glorify the man must be matched for the glory of the woman, else neither A SPECIAL shall be glorified after God's holy order. * meeting conBut the desire to reach the highest ducted by the

glory had best be kindled in the heart Presiding Bishlong before it reaches man's estate. opric and atYouth is the springtime of life. The tended by stake

warm and more easily cultivated soul presidencies, of a boy or a girl is more responsive to high councilors, the tender growing roots of truth. We and bishoprics

must plant early it we would reap the was held in the abundant harvest. We cannot afford to tabernacle, Ocdefer the sowing of the seeds of truth tober 5, 1945,

and thus cut short the season for their when a brief growth. outline of the

In this connection the Church has program was turned its attention to our young wompresented. This new feature of our The ward committee for Latterday

en. It is realized that, as with the man work with youth will become effective Saint girls is headed by the bishopric.

girl—weand the woman,cannot sosavewiththetheoneboyif weandlosethe JanuaryThe general1, 1946.committee for LatterAnthe advisoryward superintendentcommittee composedof Sundayofthe other—we can only really save by day Saint girls will head the program School, and the ward presidents of Resaving both. throughout the Church under the dilief Society, Young Women's Mutual

Parents from every quarter of the rection of the Presiding Bishopric. Improvement Association, and PrimaryChurch have remarked—"You have a Other members of the allChurch comwill be called upon by the bishopric to

unified program for the boys, but what mittee include the general superintendassist in this work as the need for their about our girls? Why do we not have a ence of the Deseret Sunday School assistance may become apparent. Memsimilar program for our young womUnion Board, and general presidencies bers of the ward committee who will

en?"Thanks to the mothers for their of Relief Society, Young Women's carry the program forward under the

gentle inquiries and for their subtle Mutual Improvement Association, and direction of the bishopric include a proddings. Primary. chairman (woman), two assistants, a

Now the girls of the Church come inThe stake committee for Latterday secretary, and an adviser for each to their own. A great new correlation Saint girls will function under the digroup of approximately ten Latterday

of effort on the part of all leaders of rection of the stake presidency with one Saint girls who are unmarried and who

Latterday Saint girls has been set in member assigned the immediate responare between twelve and twentyone motion. Features long tried and proven sibility for this program. A member of years of age.

successful in the Aaronic Priesthood the high council will serve as an adStandard group and individual cerprogram will now be introduced into viser to the committee. A chairman tificates of award will be provided by

this new work. Our girls will receive (woman), two assistants, and a secrethe Presiding Bishopric for outstanding

as much attention and care as our boys. tary will actively promote this work. group and personal achievements as is

"A need for carefully looking after An advisory committee composed of now done for quorums and members of our girls as we are now doing with our the stake superintendent of Sunday the Aaronic Priesthood.

boys of Aaronic Priesthood age is Schools, and stake presidents of Relief commonly recognized,"said President Society, Young Women's Mutual Im- '"Phe purpose of the new program is letter Albert to stake provement in a Association, SmithGeorge and Primary to encourage our to young women 5, 1944. Since will be calledpresidents dated into meeting June each full month take advantage of the training and

that time, the Presiding Bishopric upon as a part of the stake committee and education afforded by the existing auxspecial assignment from the First Presiwill assist as necessary in carrying the iliary organizations of the Church and dency, has been working out the details program forward. (Concluded on page 773)

DECEMBER, 1945 759 to speak his gratitude is actually ungrateful. But to be

valid, it would almost seem that gratitude must find some form of expression by word or by act or by atEditorials titude.

Of course, there are many degrees and varieties of

to lively of favors sense "gratitude is a that [-'resident vJf quoted Jhe J-ifth gratitude. It was once stated and has often since been chiefly is prompted that gratitude which come. But

by the anticipation of further favors, is, in a sense, not

VDriaham lyovma UinlveHitiA gratitude at all, but merely a polite suggestion of a continuing expectancy.

""Phe longremembered instructions of Brigham Young Most of us are grateful for one favor or one gift.

"* to Karl G. Maeser, first president of Brigham Young But frequently a gift or a favor that repeats itself,

University, were quoted again at the inauguration of becomes a cause for complaint if it fails to be renewed.

the fifth president of the institution: Indeed, there are those who become so accustomed to

favors, that they demand as their irrevocable right that

Addressing the President, he said: "I am about to leave for which they were once sincerely grateful—-all of

in the start Academy. to work for Brother Provo, Young, my discreproceeding with of suggests the wisdom which

to give instructions me?"you any Have with to begin comes favor tion, lest a that which was for moments, a few steadily forward President looked The

right. as upon a vested looked to be I Maeser, "Brother said: thought, then though in deep as

want you to remember that you ought not to teach even the The sincere gratitude of a friend for whom some alphabet or the multiplication tables without the Spirit of God. service has been done is among the richest of payments.

That is all, God bless you. Goodbye."{Karl G. Maeser, a But an ungrateful friend is a sore disillusionment. Likebiography by his son, Richard Maeser; published by Brigham wise there is no effort too difficult, no sacrifice too great

Young University, Provo; 1928; page 79.) for a parent to make for a child—if the child is grateful.

is disappointchild sorrow and ungrateful a a But an people pursue can wherein young institution This if not oversight did grave a ment. be it would we And learning, fields all thought of and in truth their of search

all of gratitude us the to Father of our something show in ideals, an and faith high and of conditions under confuDespite created. in were image much we whose spirituality, has of scholarship and high of atmosphere apprehensionanxiety in despite world, and the sion students, of generations to many a blessing to be proved life that all sometimes circumstances the despite make 1875. in its founding since for cause difficult discouraging, more have and we

The chief business of mankind is to search for truth gratitude than any man can voice, more than all men and to use it with wisdom in their lives, and the gospel in all their days can be duly grateful for.

of Jesus Christ embraces all the truth that any man will And where the suggestion fits, it may be well for evidenced are of this concept fruits discover. ever The of privilege gratitude the for our of us to show

learning institution of no Perhaps ways. in many of somelife sane, getting to and and to work, down down by

proportionately more outproduced its has size age and living. ye as earnest inasmuch reasonable, and "And

standing men in their respective professional fields than do these things with thanksgiving,... the fulness of

fountribute to the Young Brigham has is yours, offend doth University—a in nothing earth the man And

it founded, which principles was upon the to ders and all in confess those not save his hand,.. who God

the throughout its and faculty administration to and his things, not (D. commandments."C. obey.. and. &

years. 59:15, 16, 21.) 'In all thy ways acknowledge him, and

Fitting and impressive was the gathering of officials he shall direct thy paths. '(Proverbs 3:6.)

of the Church and of representatives of the major uniTo quote Benjamin Franklin: "And, forasmuch as

versities of America, who, with the student body and ingratitude is one of the most odious of vices, let me not alumnae and friends, participated in the inauguration be unmindful gratefully to acknowledge the favors I of Howard S. McDonald as the fifth president of receive from heaven."Great indeed among the virtues

Brigham Young University, Wednesday, November is gratitude.

14, 1945.

In the years to come, during his administration, we wish to President McDonald, personal success and satisfaction; and, the even greater wish: we wish to

the institution under his leadership a continuing and increasing fulfilment of the destiny which was envisioned by its founders, for the blessing of our own generation and of generations to come, in the discovery and pursuit of knowledge, in an atmosphere of truth and integrity and spirituality.

ome Varieties \Jf Ljratitudie 'T'he season between Thanksgiving and the New Year "* prompts many thoughts, including appraisal of ourselves and of our blessings.

If we may quote Cicero we may say that "gratitude is not only the greatest of the virtues, but the parent of all the others."(Pro Plancio, 54 B.C.) But whether

or not it be the greatest of the virtues, gratitude is highly becoming to men, and without it, the other virtues lack much.

Perhaps not everyone who voices gratitude is actually grateful; likewise, perhaps not everyone who fails

760 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA A curious illustration of the result of missing or distorted or misunderstood scripture appears in Paul's epistle concerning Melchizedek. In the King James Evidences and translation it reads, "For this Melchizedec... Without father, without mother, without descent, having

neither beginning of days, nor end of life."(Hebrews

7:1, 3.) This is an absurd statement about a mortal reconciliations man. The statement refers, of course, to the priesthood of Melchizedek, which is eternal. The Prophet

Joseph Smith rectified the error in his inspired translaXCIX. VOL Was WJcLuelL? tion of the Bible, as follows: "For this Melchizedek

was ordained a priest after the order of the Son of order father, which God, mother, without was without HPhe descent, without having neither beginning of days, A known.ancientEspeciallyhistory ofis thisthe sopriesthoodfor the periodis onlybetweendimly life."nor end of

Noah and Abraham.

There is an old Hebrew tradition that Melchizedek himself received the flood, After Noah, who had other than Seth, the none son was of as Noah. As far

8: the priesthood 84:14, C. 107:52; 15; Moses (D. & of the age is concerned, Seth is that possible. lived Seth

19), ordained his son Shem to the same priesthood five hundred two years after the flood, and Abraham (Genesis 9:26), and perhaps many others as the genwas born two hundred ninetytwo years after the flood.

erations of faithful men increased. Shem and other Abraham, therefore, must have known Seth. However,

priesthood bearers in turn undoubtedly ordained other dotjt is cast upon this claim by the revealed statement faithful men who had a claim upon the priesthood. It that "Melchizedek received it [the priesthood] through

is of of that likely followers communities whole the the lineage of his fathers, even till Noah."(D. & C.

at this time. gospel taught existed was which to Adam 84:14.)

Modern revelation confirms this view, for Moses received the priesthood from Jethro in Midian; and the Fortunately, modern revelation has given us indescent of the priesthood from Jethro to Abraham is formation concerning this man great in sacred history:

given in names that do not appear at that period in the faith, a was "Now Melchizedek man of wrought who Bible. (D. & C. 84:6-13.) righteousness; child a he feared and when and God,

In this period, Melchizedek springs suddenly into stopped the mouths of lions, and quenched the violence battle with after Chedor- a victorious view. Abraham, of fire. having been And thus, he approved of God,

of is king Melchizedek, laomer, calls on who ordained priest an high after Salem was the order of the (a place in or near the present Jerusalem), is entercovenant which God made with Enoch, It being after tained by Melchizedek, and finally pays tithing to him. the order of the Son of God; which order came, not

In this act, Abraham recognized in Melchizedek a perby man, nor the will of man; neither by father nor

son of authority among the organized followers of the mother; neither by beginning of days nor end of years;

tithing to for not one not gospel, pay his would he it of but God; delivered And unto was the men by

it. is supported receive This view by to authorized calling his of voice, according will, own to his own

in Bible, translation the inspired of Smith's Joseph as as unto believed many on his name.

is that "being Melchizedek, statement the which made "For having unto sworn his God Enoch and unto the of priest, storehouse of the keeper high the and with seed himself; oath an that by every being one tithes to receive appointed had him God; God whom this after ordained order calling and should have power, for poor."the

faith, to break mountains, by to divide seas, the to dry "...... this apostle, says, Melchizedec, the Paul, waters, to turn up of out their them course; at to put

first being by interpretation King of righteousness, and defiance the armies of nations, to divide the earth, to after that also King of Salem, which is, King of peace."break every band, to stand in the presence of God; to

(Hebrews 7:1, 2.) The accepted Hebrew meaning of do all things according to his will, according to his

of righteousking as taken then be Melchizedek may principalities command, subdue powers, this and and by suggested But, of language peace. students have ness or the will of the Son which the before from of God was

title title imrather a name, a the than that is a word foundation of the world. faith, this having men And

Linguists, leadership. position of spiritual plying a high coming up unto this order of God, were translated and

in it, syllable "el"finding the the dissecting word and into taken up heaven.

interpret the Melchizedek to mean a for God, Hebrew "And now, Melchizedek was a priest of this order; of the or king servant God, a "Kingpriest."supreme

therefore he obtained peace in Salem, called and was this tells great to "consider the Paul Hebrews how the of peace. Prince his people righteouswrought And ages the 7:4.) Melwas."Through (Hebrews man ness, obtained and heaven, for the and sought city of figure, mystical but one has been chizedek a somewhat which before taken, Enoch it had separating God from is given. highest respect the to whom

it earth, the having reserved latter unto the days, the or entertained Melchizedek, only by Abraham was Not of the end world; said, hath And and with sworn an priestthe priesthood him. received from he but The

oath, that the heavens the and earth should tocome his to descenddescended from Abraham which hood gether; sons the of and tried should so be as God by is through Melchizedek. thus traced ants back (D. &

fire. this Melchizedek, thus having And established is thing priesthood the important His most 84:14.) C.

about Melchizedek. David speaks of himself as "a righteousness, was called the king of heaven by his

priest for ever after the order of Melchizedek."people, or, in other words, the King of peace.

(Psalm 110:4.) Paul discourses at some length upon "And he lifted up his voice, and he blessed Abram,

the high priesthood after the order of Melchizedek, and being the high priest, and the keeper of the storehouse associates it with the mission of Jesus the Christ. of God; Him whom God had appointed to receive

(Hebrews 5:6, 10; 6:20; 7:1-21.) We of the restored tithes for the poor.

Church of Christ, following divine revelation to avoid "Wherefore, Abram paid unto him tithes of all that repeating the name of Deity too often, speak of the he had, of all the riches which he possessed, which God higher priesthood as the Melchizedek Priesthood or had given him more than that which he had need."

the priesthood of Melchizedek.—/. A. W.

DECEMBER, 1945 761

knowledge. Reading, growing, learning, they get the habit of developing

mentally, spiritually, and emotionally.

This will give them a 'reserve'from which they can draw all their lives,""I am going to turn over a new leaf;

I'm afraid I've been in the habit of owing evading the children's questions. As

Elizabeth Von Hess says in her deDEVELOPING INTELLECTUAL CURIOSITY lightfulesting peoplebook, Soare TothoseSpeak,who'Theare interinter- ested.'Had we not had this helpful

the of the I might been cause have their in- T''vp.ve nevernever seenseen anvoneanyone asas oatientpatient Ift (1K/IA,? CLIJV ilLvdlfen talk,children's fine losing of some

with children as you. You anterest in the things and people about

swer every question they ask; By HELEN GREGG GREEN them. But you have made me see how

questions! their encourage evenyou is in spent while the time encourworth

"as the answers over to think seemYou curiosity.'intellectual 'avid aging an dull to with some- a even and spend day

if a talking with mature man were you the psychologist neighbor ideas, sense lacks As waved a has one few who small mother Marie's saidor woman,"herself to she said goodbye, intellectual boasts of and no humor, pyscholthe neighbor,to our homespun

It curiosity. doesn't matter whether "It's thing able to being a wonderfulogist.

is else that person someone finer to happier, help of a someone way I right, consider you're "I guess Nan. or—yourself,'explained. neighbor wise our life. Particularly and men who women their questions and tothe answers many

it,"putting clever of a parents! way "What friendship are Their such pays say, as 'encouraging you themmy knitting, listening her continued fine in Nan of dividends the development I nieces andimportant. want my attentively. their girls."boys and intellectual avid to an havenephews psychologist thanks smiled her Ourcuriosity."'our continued, prepare must and We looked say?"did you Nan "What for children to thembe good company the at pompoussoundingsurprised

see, for selves as others. as well Youphrase. Letter to Christmas A is 'fellow'yourself, you, can one you children avid the to have an "I want

girls If get from. never boys and away If curiosity, acintellectual they Nan. Father Mother and intellectual curiosity, are My develop they for their hunger that knowlquire now,

for going reach to out information and will leaps proverbial other, than grow by theedge any Christmas, more HPhiS and bounds, until it will at last keep I extend a grateful greeting to you, going of its own momentum. We must my dear parents.

selfhelp. for that desire 'Theencourage of time Christmas giving, and is a

is the root ofspirit of selfhelp alive to tradition that have kept all you in the individual,'genuine growth receive highest degree. you the who Weknow."gifts realize giving of your your most

is interesting,""That Nan said, deep the confined to not has been Merry in thought. "Will you explain more Yuletide, but has been evident every

fully?"lives. all the of our through years day

first life step in important for "The love, life, then first gave and me You is children for to to prepareparents live with themselves. It's uninteresting a home. Later these same precious gifts

were given to Don and Marva. Our

gifts have multiplied daily through the years until now we have much to make that life you gave us happy.

Your gifts, both large and small, are too numerous to name, but all have given me much for which to be thankful.

I am indeed grateful to you for the gifts that have made it possible for me to have at my side a young wife whose courage, loyalty, and sincerity are unmatched in all the world. Another

cherished gift is a university education and degree. And more recently, when

life itself seemed near its end for me, your gifts kept flowing in ever increasing numbers—not only in money and

other earthly goods, but also in love, hope, faith, and prayers. It is because

of these uncountable gifts that I am now enjoying this Christmas.

I have discovered the only way to ever repay you, and that is to live the life you have taught me to live—a life

of honesty, cleanliness of body and mind, and complete unselfishness: A

Christian life. My prayer is that I may

accomplish this.

Thank you for everything, and God bless you both.

Your son, Boyd 762 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA nHanfeKmts

will be Hints used Payment for Handy sit*e event publication. the Inone dollar uponthat two with the same idea are submitted, TO**

the one postmarked earlier will receive the dollar. None of the ideas can be returned,

but each will receive careful consideration.

Preshrink the yarn that you are going to use for knitting. Place the skeins of wool

in a vegetable steamer on a plate. Steam

them well. When dry they will be soft

and fluffy, and the garment that will be made from it will be sure to stay the same size.

Mrs. G. D. C, Columbus, Ohio.

An ideal place to keep film negatives is under the finished picture in the photograph album. They will be in the dark where

they should be, and you will know just where they are.—Miss M. O., Clarion,

Iowa.

little Sprinkle flour a sugar or powdered of the topover before the wi $Mtttt a cake icing, and willicing sides. off the run not Miss

Falls,N., Idaho. Idaho G. *J luscious'slice turn yellow, ferns pota- a raw When

to and put it on top of the soil. This will

draw out the worms which are usually responsible for such a condition. Mrs. L.

M., Morristown, Pa.

When in doubt as to whether or not your small Christmas tree globes are good, try moved.—M.them in your/.,flashlight;Tacoma, doubtWashington.will be re-

A cut raw onion or potato rubbed on the ofoutside a prevents windshield snow sugar 1/3 cop sleet sticking to from C. M., syrup T. it.—Mrs. com ** cup J/3..,-m"FlourBellevue, Michigan. or O R S

it, 2e"mnV 1/2 cup floor, glass pick the from broken up To vafliMo acting t*P- double Vi a thewet newspaper and gendy wipe up glass with it. Mrs. G. H., Hinckley, Utah. y tsp. salt,

Teach youngsters to take pride in the appearance of their clothes. Arrange hangers and hooks low enough to be within their

P., Seattle, C. F. Washington.reach.—Mrs. Add g. "f—and milk ShSnVafter eac& bined Srmnute stringing pearls or of various beads When beat gto, ddition; alternately je cakesizes, in of the place order grooves them on

a piece of corrugated paper. It will then

be—Mrs.muchM.easierL., Baldwin,to slip themNewon York.to the needle.

Cover the top of your bedsprings with & oilcloth. This is a good protection for

your mattress and also makes it easier to h*l turn your mattress.—Mrs. /. S. S Lehi,

Utah.

If you boil your clothespins in a strong salt solution, they last longer and won't %**vcbe< freeze on clothes addmon. SP in cold weather.—Mrs. tl!0S each Utah.H. fine grained, C, Logan,

another easily, fresh cut the bread pass new Here's To and ''"UtaUzingwith a hinte I till featherylight, the the of knife theblade through flame western 1 Globe Mblade orange- d is hot—Mrs. J. G. W Stockton, Calof 1ifornia,.spe that's in flour resuits for**

piece in of asbestos the bot- I put a paper GLOBE! ndoesehest of the enamellined oftom oven new my

range. It will not burn or smoke. When

anything boils over the asbestos paper is very easy to clean.—Mrs. C. T. M., Bellebakingvue, Michigan. P for every

A cloth used for straining purposes can be fastened to the edge of the pail by means of ordinary clothes pins.—Mrs. M. G., Mesquite, Nevada.

DECEMBER, 1945 763 Yi teaspoon salt mince meat 1 poundfy&teCAUtfkasTiMHt butter. Add Cream Coofe Comer eggs, beating until fluffysugaraftergradually.each. AddAdd

mince meat. Fold in the sifted dry ingrediJosephine B. Nichols sheet.ents. DropBakebyin teaspoonsa hot ovenon greased(400 F.)cookiefor

Merry Gifts to Eat—From fifteen minutes.

Your Kitchen A tray of goodies to pass to those who cheese holidays. the during drop in Wee;V:7V; appreciated are goodies TJomemade trees, stuffed dates and pastry Christmas

"else, because anything puffs, nuts, mint * more than and spiced sugared prunes, spice goes real honey nougats. with the sugar and along

o&SJS&S1*** spirit. have Something you Christmas

Mint Puffs gift. is the perfect made yourself—that

MOLDED CRANBERRY SALAD Jolly Yule Pudding \y22 tablespoonscups sugar light corn syrup *?*esei te Recife 21 cupscup choppedchopped applessuet Yt1 stiffbeatencup water egg white

Put 1 pound cranberries in saucepan 2 cups seedless raisins peppermint extract with Vfc cup water; cook just until skins 1 cup currants red food coloring

burst; stir in 1 cup sugar. Soften 1 1 cup light molasses Combine sugar, syrup, and water; stir

tablespoon plain gelatin in 2 table- 1 cup cold water until sugar dissolves. Cook to soft ball stage.

spoons cold water; dissolve in hot 3 cups flour Slowly pour over egg white, beating until

from dropped shape holds when mixture salt teaspoon Y2 chill until mixture; syrupy. cranberry

deliextract. of Color a spoon. 1 drop Add teaspoon soda celery in diced and-% y-t cup cup Fold to teaspoon from Swirl cate pink. on 2 teaspoons cinnamon

walnuts; juice of add V2 chopped paper. waxed cloves teaspoon

salt; into and of dash pour lemon allspice teaspoon x/2Y2 Coated Walnuts Panocha chill firm. until molds; on Unmold suet, fruits, molasses, and water. Combine

crisp greens and serve with Durkee's Add sifted dry ingredients and mix them 1 cup brown sugar

Mayonnaise. Serves 6. thoroughly. Fill greased molds twothirds Yi cup granulated sugar

full; cover tightly and steam three hours; 2 tablespoons light corn syrup

or fill individual custard cups, colored mix34 cup cream

fasten paper; with each waxed ture. Top vanilla 1 teaspoon

place. casserole has in DURKEE'S ingsecurelybowls, or casseroles with pudding mix- 1 tablespoon butter or margarine The meats its 132 cups walnut

cool. with cover. and Deck Steam own syrup, sugar, to soft ball stage and Cook

center. daisies, cherry candied with almond until vanilla; beat butter and cream. Add

doilies lace paper and middle from Snip stirMAYONNAISE coated. until well walnuts; creamy. Add

in Christknife. ruffles in with Pack a tuck ininto pan; separate into greased Turn

stars, red with spangled boxes, and mas pieces. dividual

inscribe "Merry Christmas"with yarn.

Write your favorite pudding sauce on the greeting card.

SugarStretching Popcorn Balls Crispies Gay Gifts 5 quarts popped corn By Katherine Plume 2 cups sugar

1 its wrapping. is as water gift To gay as A x/2 cups

salt. teaspoon parcels, add little x/i neatly wrapped

Yi cup light corn syrup decorative touches which make your vinegar 2 tablespoons special, as a candy such extra PROTECT 1 vanilla teaspoon little package, for small a one packagescane—a salt, syrup water, and corn sugar, Cook YOUR package. for large a one a goodsized ball stage. over popto hard Pour very

CHILDREN'S corn, stir well to coat kernels. Mold a ball Tie a big ribbon bow around the crook

around gumdrops, or marshmallows, or a of the cane, and attach it to the parcel goodsized candy cane. Makes two dozen. with more of the ribbon. If the paper

Crispy Squares

cup butter Y marshmallows pound l/2

Yi teaspoon vanilla 1 5J/2 oz. package rice cereal

candies cinnamon cup Y is plain, which stick of stars, a couple on hot over marshmallows butter and Melt the of ribbon color bow. the match vanilla, over well. Pour beat water; add

is a round lovely package Another in candies cereal, with rice cinnamon mixed greased bowl; stir constantly. Pat out in box wrapped in pastel pink paper. A

greased eightby-twelveinch pan. Cool; scrap of gathered lace is pasted around

cut in squares. the edge of the box top, and a pair of

a ribbelow blue yarn dolls pink and Cookie Gift Boxes center. to the attached are bon bow

Fill pottery bowls, ice buckets, trays, or To make the dolls, wrap the yarn with containers flower interesting a times around twenty cookies approximately recipes. cookie favorite made from your the head, make square of cardboard. To

Mince Meat Drop Cookies tie tightly with yarn of a contrasting color. Pull out several strands at sides

or margarine butter cup Yi length, at off and proper for cut arms, sugar 1 cup also. at tie waist wrists. at Tie To make 2 eggs

legs, doll's separate yarn at the the boy sifted flour cups 2 x/i feet. tie at and bottom baking powder 3 teaspoons

764 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Joseph Smith (Continued from page 752) centuries been a mere fetish. It had been

a dead letter, containing the decrees and promises of God to another age.He put spirit and life into the dead letTWD NEW BOOKS

ter by demonstrating that God would dotoday the very things he promises in his FDR EVERY HOME LIBRARY book, the Bible. By the magic touch of

his faith, the Bible became in fact and truth the Book of God, a compendium Discourses of Wilford Woodruff of his promises to all men of all ages Compiled By Dr. G. Homer Durham all climes.and

At a time when the theologians of all One of the greatest missionaries the creeds and churches said that the Bible L. D. S. Church ever sent out... pioneer

contained all that God intended to releader of sterling quality—Wilford

veal to man, Joseph Smith, by divine Woodruff, fourth president of the Church, inspiration, translated the Book of Morearned a high place in the affections and mon from the gold plates which conesteem of his people. This compilation

tained the record of handdealing God's of his discourses brings into convenient his sheep,"the ancestors "other with his form powerful teachings, his clear, Indians. of the Smith American Joseph pointed explanations of gospel doctrine, that these plates declared gold been had revealed to him by an angel. In less than and his wise, farsighted counsel—all

a century after he had given the Book of as applicable today as they were in

Mormon to the world, as the gospel his generation. Price, $2.50.

brought to the earth by an angel, nearly half a million people had accepted the message. These zealous followers of Joseph Smith have translated the book JOHNNY

into twentythree different languages; Compiled By Harriet J. Stradling

and they are sending the message it contains to every "nation, and kindred, and In the letters of Johnny—written from

tongue, and people."(Revelation 14: his first war job, then from an induction

6.) Thus is literally fulfilled a Bible center, a training camp, and finally from

prophecy, the meaning of which had not Africa and Italy, there is unconsciously been discovered by the most profound revealed the "private's-eye"view of the students of the scriptures. war and the reasons for fighting it.

Pursuant to divine revelation, he or- "Johnny"was a real soldier. You'll be

ganized the Church of Jesus Christ of delighted with his letters, profoundly imLatter-day Saints, in the same pattern y<W)- pressed by the emotions and thoughts the established theas one Messiah they you'll thrilled that be reveal—and before. centurieseighteen This Church you were represented such by young

officer the in it everyhas which the field of battle. on men Price, $2.00.

in hisChrist primitive church. placed

These officers are endowed with the

Holy Priesthood, which has come down FILL OUT AND MAIL THIS COUPON to them through men who had received it by actual ordination from Peter,James, and John, who came to this earth 18 RichardsBDDKCRAFTStreet Salt Lake City 1, Utah COMPANY in the nineteenth century for the express

Please the send checked books below: of Signs me the Times $1.25 the priesthood. of impartingpurpose

Joseph By Fielding Smith Wilford Discourses $2.50 Woodruff gifts DIn this real the are present Church Hills the Unto $1.50 Dr. Compiled G. Homer ofby Durham D

L. Richard By Evans Johnny $2.00 revelatheof prophecy, Ghost: Holy This and Day Always $1.50 Harriet Compiled J. Stradling bytion, visions, gifts healings, tongues, or L. Richard By Evans of Prince $2.00 The Ur

Constancy Amid Change $2.00 D. By Susa Widtsoe Young interpretation tongues. the ofand Gates—Leah E. A. By Bowen the Dragon $2.00 and Man

God's Covenant Race $2.00 Dr. A. John Q Widtsoe By

H. By divine inspiration, James Anderson he was Reconciliations EvidencesrpHROUGH $1.85 and D Golden of Nuggets Thought $1.00 Dr. A. Widtsoe John By foresight. the prophet's true given L. Ezra By Marler Quest $2.00 The

Story The Jesus $1.25 F. the outbreak years before O.Twentyeight Ursenbach By

Eliza R. ofBy Snow His $2.25 Mansions Many civil predicted theof war, he American International Winston Bible No. 1 15..$3.25 Howells Rulon By

Skeptic Discovers A Mormonism "thethat $2.00 with a would $1.50 commence Spoken war The "and S.Word"

T. By Riggs W. L. Richard By Evans therebellion that Carolina,"South of Is Theirs the Kingdom $2.00 Military of $1.50 Book Remembrance

By J. Wendell Ashton states"divided"southern "be R. would By Gygi George

Modern Miracles $1.50 $2.25 Gospel The Kingdom that states,"against northern the and By Jeremiah Stokes Taylor John By

The Gospel the Through "call statesthe Ages $1.30 southern upon would Smith:..$2.25 ProphetStatesman Joseph

Dr. R. By Milton Hunter Dr. By G. Homer Durham for that assistance; Britain"Great and Thunder Cave...$2.50 Colonizer $3.00 Brigham Young, The

inthis Jeremiah the By Stokes "terminate struggle would Dr. R. Milton Hunter By

of Temples the Most High $2.00 in Setting $3.50 Western Her Utah souls."of miserydeath Every and many B. N. By Lundwall Dr. R. Milton Hunter By

of tragicdetail this Jesus Words of prophecy became $3.00 This For Glory $2.50 My

history in the struggle between the By Paul Bailey Hurlbut's Story of the Bible $2.50

Saint $2.50 Jesse Gay By Hurlbut Lyman northern states of the Thesouthern and By Paul Bailey In the Gospel Net... $1.25 Union.American enclosed Payment Dr. Send C.O.D. By John A. Widtsoe

The preachers of his time talked eloName quently about the Pentecostal, cloven tongues of fire, but never dreamed that Address (Concluded on page 766) DECEMBER, 1945 765.

000000900090099099990900 JOSEPH SMITH (Continued from page 765) meaning. He declared heaven to be a

people, living eighteen hundred years place where the truest human ties arc after Peter preached and "pricked inviolate, and the gentlest memories of

Improvement Era theSpirithearts"whichof sinners,testifies,couldreveals,enjoy andthe thisglorieslifeofarethemingledlife thatwithhas theno joysend. and

prophesies. While the divines were still He gave to the world the most salugraphically describing the great things tary, hygienic rules, contained in a diGod had done for his people of old, vine revelation known as the "Word of

Subscribers.. Joseph Smith fervently testified of the Wisdom,"which prohibits the use of

great things God is now doing for his tea, coffee, tobacco, intoxicating drinks, people in our own day. He reaffirmed and the excessive eating of meat. SubThe ERA gives you much of the promises of old and demonstrated sequent to the proclamation of this

the best current CHURCH their validity. revelation, scientific investigations have

LITERATURE. Within its covHe answered the question, "Whence demonstrated the great value of these

ers you find each month aucame man?"in the way in which the wholesome rules of practical living.

thoritative material written or poet and philosopher is now beginning Abiding faith in the divine Author of this the persistent hygienic and code are it. In the words, "Men answer spoken by our Church leaders. to

preserved of hunobservance it has the gave joy,"he have that they might

Has it occurred to you what best ana truest explanation of the purdreds of thousands of men and women priceless gems of theology, pose of man's existence. While the in splendid vigor of body, soundness of

poetry and downto-earth gostheologians were still saying that man mind, and abounding buoyancy of spirpel you have in the yearby- was merely a son of the sod, he declared it.

year volumes of this magaman to be actually and in truth the son The story of his triumphant faith is zine: of God, destined in the eternal years of the most thrilling incident in modern

God, to overcome, improve, develop, annals. It gives hope, light, and life. It

Why not preserve them for increase in intelligence, wisdom, goodis the beacon that lights the way across your future reference and your ness, power, and glory, until he becomes the dark chasm which ages of ignorance children's edification? We urge perfect, "even as your Father in heaven and superstition have placed between

you to do so. is perfect."man and God. Tens of thousands of

and women who have men cruel infinitely doctrue-hearted the exploded He faith allconquering this story of heard that arbipunishment, eternal trine ofSingle volumes (12 numbers) bound of in quest of the knowledge have gone eternal, unquenchthe to trarily consigns in durable, attractive, blue cloth able flames all nonChristians, and gives God with a sincerity and fervor so that that received they have genuine all, $2.25 or gold in to good bad, who harps wings andbinding, stamped

spirit has which of God's made in witness believe "I the words, simply speak postage. plus each existof certain absolutely God's them declaration the reaffirmed Jesus."He mission, Christ's divinity the of ence, acwill "judged that be time at of John, one man volumes or moreTen life. reality future the of and the his works."to cording postage. plus $2.00 each

the and made revitalized gospel He seer. a was! a he was man He it, TIThat them unto or mail truth, of theBring "power them in to us in God very * spirit light the of God's white J By the to salvation."modern man gave He nations covered past of the he now saw of the "fifth gospel,"Book Mormon Tbw! ages. of proph- a the dust with was He and appearance Savior's of our story

et. inspiration the Ghost, the of Holy By his Nephites, to the his preaching oc totomorrow's and tomorrow he saw the of forefathers the sheep,""other teacher. gave a morrow. was He He conthus he Indians; and American sensible, sane, the and to world a the story of Testament the firmed New religious philosophy comprehensive

Christ; and of mission Jesus saving the The successfully weathered has which very earth the to the powbrought back perof the the opposition learned and

that confaith the er of gospel—the for the than a secution of more wicked true the all restored things. quers He organizer. the century. an By was Press He Deseret Sews divine the gospel, of the and ordinances established inspiration aid divine of he

administration the that authority makes City Street, Salt Lake 29 Richards organization in so perfect and a Church efficacious saving as ordinances these of it the that internal workings commands eeoecceceecoeocococecccc principles. praise of even those who despise it. He

He brought new hope to a doubting was a leader of men. By the magic

and despairing world. With the majestic power of his pure character, genuine

boldness of one who in our own day sincerity, and deathless integrity to actually saw the risen Redeemer, in truth and loyalty to God, he gathered heard flesh bone, and and deathless his as him, aides and lieutenants about stilled the I Happy Christmas that once voice again the righteousness, of in the a coterie work and storm and stayed the wave, he reafof men of the highest probity and the

lives."Joseph Smith belongs to the ages. 1 prosperous firmedknow thatthe testimonymy Redeemerof one of old, "I greatest native intelligence.

lew Hear theHisactualreassuringappearancetestimonyto himconcerningof the willThe yettrumpetreverberatecall of throughhis mightyall landsfaith for went witness he Lord, which climes, doubting world turn and a and orders risen appreciate your We faithhis given grave, has martyr's to a clear, the to All heed back God. who furnish to will continue and sing to heart ful the hope and followers shrill this certain ringing of deep, note prompt and BEST COSTUMES news. Easter of new this will true of forever honor hope Service. and Courteous the aspire tomb. long dispelled as of Prophet gloom from God. men As He

faith, that truth, love, fervent man's the to honand and narrow dogma He denied HILLAM'S SHOP COSTUME is his interred eternal in will salvation with veneraor of they hold God, hope

Salt City 1, Utah Lake tion, this beneficent the great the doctaught of and bones; and good name filled splendid with Costumes 10 Rooms

trine of salvation for the dead. man who rediscovered faith, taught the

He gave to the word "heaven"a new truth, exalted man, and glorified God.

766 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ritamin Insurance for Chick Feed

Developed by the Idaho Agricultural Soil Station, Experiment t *ck and now in use on

SMALL MASH FEEDER FOR YOUNG CHICKS the IdahoUniversity this Poultry Farm, for P'ufl'n# covered feed trough

Portable brush burner pictured here, was gettinginsures theirchicksdailyof

El out Solyo, California, worked by ranch vitamins. of Loss

mechanics. Mounted an improvised on wagon values food from

bed, this burner rid gets of the prunings rain are sun and piling without hauling and out. them Tree prevented. Sides

prunings are fed into the LARGE RANGE FEEDER the trough slant in,of mouth of the burner... so feed will not pile

as out spewed ashes wood A SAFEWAY up on the edges a lip the... on keeps feed edge

its grilled through bottom. Reporter Farm scattered. being from reel in the center pre- A

soil doesn't re- (Where Advertisement vents chicks into stepping from... the trough

quire conditioner, ash a s Safeway'Reportis Farm in adjustable it three heights so raised can be tray sheet metal could be tab er keeps on what chicks as older. get are Dimensions given for a

fastened grill the under to to farmers are doing for feeder small chicks; mash young also a

easier, their catch the ashes.) make work feeder, large similarly range constructed.

costs, cut operating improve crop quality.

Safeway reports his findings because exchanging ideas helps everybody, including us.

,.1k in cartons Safety First Hoe—.oodSAFBWAVidea Pere Sharpening Stand Safeway in cartons milk Ue. whereve. stores i proy Cartons J.v Produc- ( bareUed savtog.W sayiogS

lower erS the by SS Me fflade Pts of milk costscots ofls operating i: mUk sharCbottle less Jhich S

rtand "* sCtXo

pnce. home importanturn?"*-- TW uh opd. stotel ofof thisthis

SAFEWAYdect, sells f * buysbuys Sate, cost* docers a * betean

.. never market better,

sharpening accidents in County, Monterey Hoe quotes SinS Pays frequent. California, were Walter So too 'producerthan P ses lower price Office the move designed of Labor Farm Anderson help to j. readyready by bfc it safety device. Stands collapsible this With any,

affor can lower sharpened, with danger length can be no hoe at P'Sells consumers.

the wrists. fingers of or Write Labor cut Farm distribution option F consun"their Salinas, for California, Office, plans. increase

DECEMBER, 1945 767

Industrial Tractors and Engines The Church Moves On 758) page (Continued from Loaders Snow Plows Mowers Brooms of is a patriarch Peterson President

Riverside Stake, Salt Lake City, and a former bishop of Storrs Ward, Carbon (Utah) Stake, and of Ferron Ward,

Emery Stake. He is also a former president of the Emery (Utah) Stake.

Mrs. Peterson will go to Norway

with him as she did during his two former terms of presidency. MAKE

VJ SURE I ES SIR, genuine "CaterExcommunications pillar"parts can make even TredberLeffingwell26, 1872, teacher.Beebe,Excommunicatedborn Decemyour oldtime "Caterpillar"JulySouthern5, 1945,States inMission,St. Augustinefor apostasy.Branch, kV*

equipment good as new. berDorothy26, 1924.ElizabethExcommunicatedBenson, bornAugustNovem22,

1945, Southern States Mission, for apostasy.

They're precisionmade from Gwenevere W. Cowley, born January

20, 1914. Excommunicated August 14, 1945,

the same patterns to the in Laurelcrest Ward, Sugar House Stake, for practicing plural marriage contrary to same exact specifications as Church rule and regulation.

Robert Byron Crandall, born February 1, the original parts. Order 1903, priest. Excommunicated on September 14, 1945, in Provo First Ward, Provo

genuine "Caterpillar"reStake, for apostasy.

Rubie Strong Hooker, born January 14, in St. 5, 1945, July 1884. Excommunicated placements now. Timeworn Mission, States Branch, Southern Augustine

for apostasy.

1902. 13, October born Robinson, Loy

University 1945, 3, July Excommunicated # * ITS A GtHOlHt partstrouble!can cause serious at and apostasy for Seattle Stake, Ward,

own request. CATERPILLAR"MPf Cecil Solano, born July 28, 1909, priest.

Excommunicated July 5, 1945, in St. Augustine Branch, Southern States Mission,

for apostasy.

Alfred Bangerter, a seventy, born October 16, 1889. Excommunicated October

13, 1945, in Bountiful First Ward. South

Davis Stake, for apostasy and joining the socalled "Order of Aaron."

Ivan Earl Richards, elder, bora April 3, 1908. Excommunicated October 3, 1945,

in Thirtieth Ward, Pioneer Stake, for joining the socalled "Order of Aaron."

Evelyn Bernice Shurtliff Richards, born CO. October 18, 1910. Excommunicated October PHINERY Pioneer Ward, the Thirtieth in 1945, south temple street - SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH 3,:245 West

of "Order the socalled joining for Stake,

Aaron."C AT PILLA Ward Discontinued > TRACTORS MOTOR GRADERS EARTHMOVING EQUIPMENT Linden Ward, Snowflake Stake, has been I& ENGINES discontinued, and the ward membership transferred to adjoining wards.

FAULTLESS FARM FUNNIES... worth filming GRAHAMHUNTER

WE'RE NEVMSREEY. MEN,

5\R. VME'NJE BEEN (VSK.EP

To "PHOTOGRRPH A.

HAPPY FAMVLV

768 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Salt Lake Tabernacle Organ HPhe rebuilding and enlarging of the * worldfamed Salt Lake Tabernacle organ will be undertaken as soon as possible, the First Presidency has announced. Work will be arranged so

as not to affect the daily organ recitals or the weekly broadcasts of the wAsremeroMtv choir.Tabernacle V(JRK$ the organ one of the largM7H In making

est and most versatile instruments in \ T80C0 the world, care will be taken not to change its outside appearance. Although the pioneer wooden pipes, Yes, add flavor to your h

some of them thirtytwo feet high, will meals with Durkee's Troco be retained, to maintain the distinctive Margarine! Supersmooth, pereasy to mix blended; and effects, other fectly tonal major color and

enEvery good! pound Oh, so the latest replaced will and be pipes A. riched Pure Vitamin with

and best equipment will be installed. vegetable oils are churned right

The original organ was built during in with fresh pasteurized skim 1866 to 1877 by Joseph Ridges, an milk for finest flavor.

Englishman who was converted to the SPREAD COOK

Church in Australia. Wood, hauled by BAKE FRY

Utah, was Parowan, from teamox

Foods 7 One of the Basic glue organ, the for building and used in the U. S. recommended

catof hundreds made by boilingwas Rules Nutritional Food tle hides and buffalo skins in large pots fires the on openover tabernacle 0lP.. so Strftt.se> coo*?* modernized organ grounds. was The

in 1900 and again in 1915, and a new console has been added since.

Leland Van Wagoner, supervisor in charge of pipe organs for the Church, is making an extensive trip through the east to study pipe organ installations.

Okimawa Conference

{Concluded from page 734) The October 7th conference on of arduous work product Okinawa, of COLOR ADDS the part effective planning onand a trio of outstanding chaplains,* was noTeheran or Yalta. No worlds were CHARM AND

influence of spheres conquered. The the DISTINCTION individual exercised the were by

aspiraconcern, repentance and only TO EVERY hundred tion the order. Four only new

that conviction with somemen bombs SCHEME OF are symbols not the only bulldozersand of power met to build faith, renew DECORATION covenants. Transcending the memory

of storm and battle, they will remember Okinawa best for the events of that day.

Latterday the war, Throughout FOR THE MOST each Saints sought have everywhere other in city and camp and on the EFFECTIVE battlefield to strengthen the tie that binds. has conference Okinawa on The COLOR ON

in of theater counterparts everyhad its the war. The sons are making the faith WOODWORKof the fathers their own cherished possession, endowing it with their own AND WALLS,

vitality and vision and their desire to make it an instrument with which to THERE'S A serve their own generation. At general

conference time in years to come these BEAUTIFUL, "veterans of L.D.S. conferences on

foreign shores"may hold reunions on EXCLUSIVE their Square and reliveTemple faceshours. Their bearing and their shining COLOR IN

deserve watching. Conferences liketheirs underwrite the future of the 65 West First South BENNETT'S

Church. and Bennett Branches and Dealers *Chaplains Howard C. Evans, Ray L. Jones, Wilin Utah and Idaho PAINTS

ford E. Smith

DECEMBER, 1945 769 Ofcu,pawi5ion OF THE MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD PROGRAM eMcfcftycicfe

OF THE CHURCH *| 'he following letter has been sent to presi- A. To help every individual member of We suggest that the division of respon-

* dents of stakes, chairmen of stake Mel- a quorum to attain a condition of wellbeing sibility having to do with personal welfare chizedek Priesthood committees, and quoin body, mind, and spirit. Every need of be assigned to the quorum president (see

rum presidents: a man holding the priesthood should be the (a).

concern of the quorum to which he belongs. It would follow then that the two counDear Brethren: B. To help the Church in the accomselors would each undertake to carry the

plishment the of divine duties responsibility (c) suggested (b) under imposed and upon to careful given consideration have We the organized divisions of Latterday Saints: three might well above. be body Thesethe the of Priesthood Melchizedek program

1. the designated: keep of the members Church To in effort this imtoChurch and an make

in the of full 2. their duty; teach way To 1. Personal welfareportant the function as work has comLord

the to those gospel not yet have heard who the difor attached themanded, program 2. activity service and Church Quorum it; or 3. accepted for provide the dead Torection of the supervision Melchizedek and statistical 3. Factfinding and the through the of ordinances temple, thePriesthood of the apbeen has Church

if the which obedient, means dead, by may presidency, the In to addition Meleach..,proved.

in participate the that blessings are enjoyed secretary. a chizedek has Priesthood quorum is It this requested that material conbe those citizenship by in have the who won It is of secretary the of the each quodutysidered the stake high presidency by and

of kingdom God. of to to meetings, minutes and rum make in for timecouncil to presentation the quoits priesthood to quorum, magnify op- A all of of record a keep proper and members at leaders therum monthly December

fulfil its portunities to and purpose must to the pertaining matters important quoleadershipMelchizedek Priesthood meeting, its for fitness greater develop to members quarter, also rum. compile should each all Hein that stakes order and be quorums may aid in three these great divisions of Church activities, etc., in his report the place and in theiruniform understanding proand

activity. the the president to of hands quorum be the ascedure enter year. we new

It is understood that this oudine superII. Responsibilities of the Quorum forwarded to the stake Melchizedek Priestsedes the instructions heretofore given in Presidency hood committee and to be made a part of

attested the properly stake report, by the folder,the Melchizedek Priesthood and lose sight the not of immust most We president, to the general to be forwarded thereplaces "four standing committees plan"that fact portant the presidency the quoof priesthood of of the committee Council therein, as well as the suggestionsoudined the responsible are directing rum officers. the Twelve.there given concerning the stake Melaffairs the management The and of quorum

Priesthoodchizedek committee. responsibility that of the seeing purposes IV. Division ResponsibiliSuggested of

this give material Please careful thought rest are accomplished, with abovenamed ties Presidency of the Quorum that study steps see toand are taken and the his counselors. president and Commitwelfare) (Personal president A. Quorum thisintroduce stake, in to program your tees in the to used are not intended place be

fully acquaint the officers and members of of the presidency, but as aids to the presiObjective: To help every bearer of the

the Melchizedek Priesthood quorums with dency in carrying out its assignment. Melchizedek Priesthood attain the degree

the procedure outlined and to see that the Bearing this in mind, we recommend that of economic independence and material plans herein given are effectively carried the responsibility be placed squarely on the wellbeing that will assure adequate food, out. shoulders of the quorum presidency and clothing, fuel, housing, and other needed

Ever praying the Lord to bless you, we that the president and his counselors divide physical comforts and educational advanremain the responsibility amongst themselves. tages for himself and his family.

Faithfully your brethren, It is understood, of course, that the presiDuties:

his (in the the case counselors and of of Council the Twelve dent 1. with the characquainted become To seventies, will the presidents) unit act as a F. George Richards, attitude acter of members quorum and so in their the induties discharge of not and President relate to of these far as the advancement other. of each dependendy member A ideals. of quorum the as of presidency a chairman commit- a

tee should not act independently with his 2. To have constant personal contact

LETTER FROM THE GENERAL PRIESTcommittee,decision of butthe onlyentirein harmonypresidency,witheitherthe withthe activities,every quorumgiving member,strength commendingto the sick, rediscouraged, awakening and It bereaved, at. or subsequently arrived HOOD COMMITTEE OF THE previously

the indifferent and newed desire among is realized that of the certain phases work

COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE can best be handled as a unit by the entire slothful.

these presidency. be mentioned foster and encourage stake and may Among 3. To

'I 'he following suggestions are published of visits to the planning service. members, foreign missionary quorum

of stake presidencies, the guidance * for temple work, ward teaching, and Church in himself improving the 4. To interest

councils,high stake priesthood activities. committees, welfare status of economic quorum members.

presidencies the followingand quorum on families 5. the of those on how To know III. Division Suggested of Responsibilityitems:

getting along. are three needs, are great bemissions There and we the of Purposes quorum

6. after those from look away home To falls lieve into the naturally rather work Responsibilities of presidencies quorum

their at children home. and and wives divisions. three division of responsibility of Suggested

the quorum presidency (a) A need to help every bearer of the 7. Church welfare:

Standing committees Melchizedek Priesthood attain the degree (a) To direct the individual quorum

The stake Melchizedek Priesthood comof economic independence and material wellmember in his participation in the welfare mittee being that will assure adequate food, clothprojects of the quorum.

Monthly stake Melchizedek Priesthood ing, fuel, housing, and other needed physi- (b) To meet regularly each week with meeting cal comforts and educational advantages the ward welfare committee as the official

Monthly priesthood leadership meeting for himself and his family. representative of the priesthood quorum, in

This outline supersedes the instructions (b) A need to help establish a feeling of cases where the quorum membership is heretofore given in the Melchizedek Priesttrue brotherhood that should characterize confined to one ward. In the case of a

hood folder, and other places, with referpriesthood quorums, and provide through priesthood group, the group leader may ence to stake Melchizedek Priesthood comquorum activities and Church service, inserve on the ward welfare committee. (Bemittees, quorum standing committees, cluding socials and outings, a feeling of cause of the relationship of the quorum

and monthly priesthood leadership meetings. fellowship, faith, and love that shall meet members personal welfare to the ward welall the needs of the membership. fare committee, it has been thought advis-

I. Purposes of a Quorum (c) A need to search out the facts and able that the president of the quorum or

We feel there is a great need to reem- make available all the information and group leader serve as quorum or group phasize the following main purposes of a statistics concerning the quorum and its representative on the ward welfare comquorum: members. mittee.)

770 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA NOLIQUOR-TOBACCO COLUMN Conducted by Dr. Joseph F. MerrillHPriestW

CONDUCTED BY THE GENERAL PRIESTHOOD COMMITTEE OF THE COUNCIL OF THE A Misunderstanding

B. CALLIS, HAROLD A. CHARLES FIELDING SMITH, CHAIRMAN; TWELVE—JOSEPH E. E. KAY, CLIFFORD G. MC LEE, EZRA TAFT BENSON, MARION ROMNEY, THOMAS **7V brother,came into aourpublicoffice,officecomplainingholder,

YOUNG, ALMA SONNE, LEVI EDGAR YOUNG, ANTOINE R. WINS that at the recent quarterly conference

manager""campaign a stake his in held and the Church, to individual 8. the of president, in service to his order out carry The this meant feared sustained. He was as happiness, and his growth responsibilities assigned to obtain promote should from campaigns political into going were we family. his of factfinding statistical that the as well counselor and

ticket. noliquor-tobacco "g"We with a items to rebelow, the "a"from and (Factpresidency in the Counselor C. groundless. fears were his assured him spective item bishops "h": statistical) finding and mis- (a.) list no be there of that or complete may in order group quorum But A in constantly, provide Objective: To (b) the of that our record members; a number suggest who understanding we incomplete upto-theminute, form, usable the (c) of record keep a Wisdom; Word stake at sustained chairman be stake the of the members concerning formation will of inthe include This unemployed. the of "chairman the as conferences to presidency the enable will that quorum, abilities, reflecting training, dividual records committee"noliquor-tobacco the stake in responsibilities its assigned perform helpful needs, information; other (d) a and suggestion that. it This at let go effective manner. and most list the those of render of can names who

service to the quorum and to the Church; Duties: has no reference to what candidates

feel to may and people committees inthe are of those (e) a list of names who 1. and direct the work of our To supervise

genIn elections. service capacitated render to in political and need support who secretary. the quorum

list (f) help; the citizens of those of a all names that good who is it eral, hoped times a comat all available 2. have To are attend meetings, but to unable who only support will elections members. in such group and of roster plete quorum

if transfurnished could someone so do will if elected, make who, candidates of record a maintain 3. and compile To facts, figures, portation; other such and (g) officers. efficient Good wise, in is and Church a good, doing each member what for; (h) called as the information be may out will try to keep men bad capacity. citizens at the president of should have quorum

hand a record of the full, part, and non- 4. To report to the quorum presidency of public office. All too frequently,

tithepayers in the quorum. It is thought the names of those who are attending to no however, office seekers have ulterior

advisable that the president himself seek this Church duty. motives which are not in the interest of

information from the bishop of the ward 5. To have available current information the public good. When possible such

and treat it in the strictest confidence, laborconcerning vocational ability, employment, people should be defeated at the polls.

ing in love and patience with those who needs, etc., of each member.

are careless in this important matter. 6. To note, at least quarterly, average Conference Address

at: conferthe at of October member each attendance address HThe in B. the Counselor presidency (Quorum

sacra- -"(b) meetings; quorum (a) monthly Merrill, on F. of Elder Joseph ence activity service) and Church

conferences; quarterly (c) meetings; ment Good Not "LiquorTobacco topic the to of bring Objective: every member To gospel (e) meetings; priesthood (d) weekly in the printed November for and spiritual Man,"Priesthood the Melchizedek and organizations. (f) auxiliary classes; doctrine has establish to wellbeing; help the Era mental Improvement of issue The inactive because those report: (a) 7. To that of feeling true should brotherhood copies form, in folder also printed been inacthose sickness; (b) infirmity, age, of priesthood characterize quorums; to and free from obtained be of which may (c) ward; from of tive absence because activity servthrough provide and quorum chairno-liquortobacco stake (d) your occupation; of account inactive those on ice, instruction, class including adequate noliquor-to- (e) general the unassigned; labor but or to from willing man, those active teaching, temple miswork, ward

(f) service; render to refuse South TemEast number 47 committee, who bacco feeletc., socials, service, outings, sionary a

otherthose service; in military those folder (g) City. Salt The Street, ple Lake faith, shall that fellowship, ing of love and

home. absent from wise requests satisfy to printed many all the of the membership. meet needs as was information other such provide 8. To that in form. address the for Duties: items "a"to "g"(See be requested. may use of the inroads the of Because through: social activity sponsor section A.) 8, inclusive, 1. To No.

stake is our making, narcotics these musicals; (c) dances; (a) (b) drama; Committees Standing V. are all workers, other and committees, reunions; (e) outings; (d) annual summer that comdemonstrated has Experience their to increase challenge with a faced (h) athletics; miscelexcursions; (f) (g) presidency aids to a valuable mittees be can abstinence. total of in social activities efforts the cause the to meet normal laneous

responsibilities. its in carrying out officers the of members. needs quorum all priesthood quorum Are redistribution of for wider need The

all of heads 2. Aaronic, fitness of adaptation the and and study Melchizedek To is sponsibility members quorum among

each member to some particular Church acrecognized, and committees provide opstake and ward auxiliary organizations, tivity, keep record of same, and make such portunity for such distribution. all classroom and other teachers, inpresi- available to the information quorum the that under their duty therefore recommend teachers, doing cluding ward We presito the stake through dency, and them there presidency of the direction quorum their in all users to win in the campaign bishops. and ward dency established, standing three committees be not? If not, abstinence? to why groups

three personally acquainted lines with the foregoing of the following become 3. To wherever reformation there a be Let their inclinations, qualithe regards presidency as of divisions, with a members member

all these is needed among a reformation fications, desires. with of committee and and each as chairman

sense they in for officers, very real a as outlined above, but and duties class able see that the has an and objectives 4. To the towcalled to on be watchmen leadership and direction of are under the active in doctrine instructor is sound worthy who

and the fundamental teachings of the the presidency. Under such an arrangeers of Zion.

of the president the quorum would class ment, that the instructor and and Church, of More Literature welthe personal of the chairman course be helps. to textbooks and lesson have access

serving counselors the committee, fare with Should book, You What new A at: 5. attendance promote To activity the and of as chairmen quorum ** written by Tobacco, About Know meetings; (b) or group (a) quorum service, factfinding the and and sacChurch presents Leighton M.D., Frank Wood, (c) meetings; stake priesthood meetrament statistical committees.

case concisely, fully, the yet rather conferences. (d) ings; quarterly

of book the use against tobacco. The responsible be 6. To for any ward teachsibilityIt is againfor theemphasizeddirection thatiand thesupervisionresponing that may be assigned to the priesthood of the quorum rests with the presidency, was written for the layman by one who

quorum or group by the bishop. and that committees are not intended to seems to be well informed about his 7. To use every possible means to stimutake the place of the presidency, nor to subject. It is a small volume—147 pages

late interest and activity to increase the {Concluded on page 772) (Concluded on page 772)

DECEMBER, 1945 77\

MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD

( Concluded from page 77 1 department to be conducted by one or more bishopric, general secretary, and advisers.

serve in its stead, but rather are to be used members of the stake Melchizedek PriestOne department for the stake committee as aids to the presidency in more effectively hood committee, and to be attended by all for adult members of the Aaronic Priestcarrying out the program. members of the respective committees from hood, to be attended by the stake comIf, in addition, the need is felt for special the high priests, seventies, and elders quomittee, and from the wards, one member of

task committees, the quorum presidency rums in the stake. (Each member of the the bishopric.

may name such, to be released when the quorum presidency would, of course, attend One department for the brethren not inappointed tasks are fulfilled. This would the department for which he has been made vited to attend one of the foregoing departcover special and miscellaneous activities responsible in his own quorum. It is sugments. This department is to be conducted

as may be authorized by the quorum and not gested that the secretaries meet with the by a member of the high council and will included specifically in the general phases factfinding and statistical counselors.) consider such items as ward teaching, famof the quorum activities covered by the One special department for the class inily prayer—topics to be suggested by the

three divisions listed. structors, to be conducted under the leadergeneral priesthood committee.

ship or at least under the direction of a The regular stake priesthood meeting

VI. Stake Melchizedek Priesthood member of the stake Melchizedek Priestheld in connection with stake conference

Committee hood committee: In this department teachmay, if desired, take the place of this comThe responsibility of directing Melchizeer-training helps and assistance could well bined meeting one month during each quardek Priesthood activities rests with the stake be given, lesson material enlarged and deter, and at that meeting all members of the

presidency. As an aid to the stake presiveloped. However, it should be borne priesthood, including the Aaronic Priestdency, we recommend and urge the appointin mind that class instruction and related hood bearers, should be urged to attend.

ment of a stake Melchizedek Priesthood problems are the responsibility of the memIt is recommended that this combined committee to assist them in carrying out ber of the quorum presidency assigned. monthly meeting be exclusively a priesthood

their duties. The stake Melchizedek PriestOne department for the stake Aaronic meeting, and that the stake presidency meet

hood committee does not preside, but super'Priesthood committee, to be attended by with the presidencies and superintendencies vises under the direction of the stake presithe stake Aaronic Priesthood committee, of auxiliary organizations at another time dency. We recommend that this committee and from each ward, two members of the for their leadership meeting.

be composed of a member of the stake presidency, who shall be chairman, and as many members of the high council as is in necessary, less but three. case than no NOLIQUOR-TOBACCO COLUMN

It is this that understood committee has evil it ruins is the of all and 77 1 source Drink Concluded ( from page equal authority responsibility in and this country. of the of working men It is elders,supervision the of obhalf readable. be seventies, very may and the—and George Washington. priests, the high under of direction the stake tained Deseret the from Book Compresidency. pany, Salt Lake City. It is published by Alcohol Problem

Publishing House, the Zondervan StakeVII. Monthly Melchizedek HThe alcohol problem is discussed by Rapids, Michigan. Grand Priesthood Meeting and Monthly

Priesthood Leadership Meeting Another recent publication is a F. W. McPeek in the September

We recommend and urge that a twohour booklet entitled "101 Facts About Al1945 issue of The Voice, organ of combined monthly stake Melchizedek cohol"written by Lon Adna Sours, the board of temperance, Methodist

Priesthood meeting and priesthood leaderOakland, California. It consists of a Church. We here produce a few of

ship meeting be held. (This does not replace summary from authoritative sources of his statements:

the it regular meeting, monthly quorum and is touches alcohol problem facts which alcohol, beverage. as one used The a about

is that urged again separate monthly a legislation, eneducation, business, on law It for a timesaver "as prepared was all for meetingquorum quorum members be remedicine, forcement, and employment, stake of social our workers."Eachheld, scattered except areas in widely where is It matter. personal not simply a sent sample a chairmen copy was suffice.)a meeting may the police the or can't depend upon of Weligion. this booklet. page sixtytwo foloutline of business suggested to be quarterlyA the the schools physicians or churches or

lowed and material to be considered at Here are a few quotations from the or anyone else to make conditions better.

leadeach Melchizedek Priesthood monthly to together. to Alt need work have booklet We

is for entireership the meeting being year percent Fortythree up. onehalf and wake defenders but Liquor a few have may theprepared general priesthood by commitfifteen sixty the to of between people ages I'd right lose rather defense. hand no mytee.

... these are drink years some. Among the to to perpetuate than a document is It first that the half of recommended to absolutely unable persons break 600,000 Lincoln. liquor is or inthe meeting, as such traffic.—Abrahamsign time needed are drinking, excessive they from away I I afraid alcohol. never used more amthe of the stake presidency, wisdom be perabout one drunkards. average an On it of of than Yankee todevoted general Priest- a bullets.—Stonewall Melchizedek to drink ten of begins out every son who Jackson. presided meeting,hood over and conducted afford will drunkard. can a as end Who the habit pernicious of wine Through the All stake presidency. ofby members risk? the all of the drinking nearly seventeen youngthe Priesthood adult Melchizedek and memfill in that class graduating were men my If point the of past the gonebers has are of Aaronic anyone Priesthood expectedto be present at this meeting. In addition drunkards'graves.—Benjamin Harrison. selfcontrol and wants help, he should

to appropriate opening exercises, roll call, not neglect to get in touch with "Alfor inrecommendations the advancement coholics of men Anonymous,"-—groups reports,priesthood, business, ingeneral were made up of those who oncestructions inspirational and messages from

the stake presidency should be given. habitual drunkards who then took hold

The second portion of the meeting will of themselves and, with the sympathetic comprise the monthly priesthood leadership help of others in a similar condition, bemeeting. This is a meeting at which the came abstainers. There is one or more of

stake presidency, stake Melchizedek Priestthese selfhelping groups in most of the hood committee, and stake Aaronic Prieststates. Since the beginning a few years

officers committees, the withhood can meet "Alcoholics ago of the Anonymous"groups, andand leaders of quorums quorum thousands of men and many presidenciesincluding secremovement, of quorums, taries, committee members, group leaders, some women have been rescued from class instructors, ward bishoprics, Aaronic a drunkard's grave, becoming selfre-

Priesthood general secretaries and advisers, specting, happy people. No one who

with a special department for those not has lost control of himself and drinks called to leadership in one of the foregoing to excess, and would like again to be a isgroups. to Separation be had on a departgetting in touch delay should free man,

basis.mental (not quorum) There are groups. of these will be with There one as follows:seven departments,

Three departments, one for each of the no fees or charges. For further inproposed divisions of responsibility and the formation write Alcoholics Anonymous,

proposed new standing committees, each P.O. Box 1862, Salt Lake City, Utah.

772 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ""Xarovtic HPriestdoo6 CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC. EDITED BY LEE A. PALMER.

WARD YOUTH LEADERSHIP OUTLINE OF STUDY L-kaiienaina /Kecordd

JANUARY 1946

Note: This course of study is prepared under the direction of the Presiding Bishopric for presentation during

the monthly meeting of the ward youth leadership to be conducted by the bishopric in each ward. Members of the

ward Aaronic Priesthood committee and the ward committee for Latterday

Saint girls are expected to attend this meeting.

'"Phe boy {or girl) whom we know as a *- bundle of energy which is one moment well behaved and the next unpredictable, is, above alL an individual. Underlying his

many interests and activities is a soul, a personality, which is striving to find the unity of his life. The boy is conscious of

a self which is the center of his feelings, thoughts, and fancies. A boy is not, in his

own mind, a student one minute, an athlete the next, and then a dancer. He is always

a person. an attendanceHere is anotherrecorddemonstrationof seventyfivethat percent"it can beor done."more atThesepriesthoodyoung menmeetingand young(for thewomenboys),establishedSunday

What leader or teacher in the ward is School, M.I.A., and sacrament meeting during the year October I, 1944, to October 1, 1945. Each

concerned with the whole life of youth? received the book, "FaithPromoting Stories,"as a token of appreciation from the bishopric.

A Sunday School teacher may think of a This challenging record was established in the Twentyeighth Ward, Riverside Stake, Salt Lake City.

first L. Bridge; Leaders to counselor included are in the Bishop Robert Harold photograph W. Jeffs,girl just class, as of (or boy) a her member

secretary; Luella Buchi, general for Latterday of committee chairman and the ward W. Jeffs, to, lessonas teach to then someone a and girls. to EphraimSaint

turn over to the Mutual Improvement Association on Tuesday evening. Our several

auxiliary organizations established were to will to that develop a appeal programfor excellent an purpose and dehas each S. D. Girls Program L will youth, that Latterday develop and

if richveloped program. a However, we lives. their in ideals Saint physician A girl careful, pageare not {Concluded or- a 759) from one go from may to the ability well as diagnose must havegenization to leader to another meet one treattreat his patients, his as to living otherwise the assist in standards to them byafter minutes another a few each week good. than ment do more harm may gospel. of the restored adWe Women findingwithout understands anyone who in are physicians the the of workers Church this in the visers labor to appointed lifeher inner or feeling her whole about

lives children. of diagnose must God's We sisters"to will "big act our girl asthings. entire wards takes personality her A their divine them, understand and humaninto class, teacher girls. a girls a to but conwill the be encourage may They relate effectively the before nature can we

it.scious of aspect of only one meeting, attend sacrament Sunday lives. their to activity gospel Church and

in the the youth of Somewhere program as they Mutual, School, become and shall in this discolumn month Each we feel forChurch responsible must someone interest active in the older, to take an girls cuss need and of boys some human girlcontinuous of each guidance and boy report Relief Society. on monthly satisfying of concrete suggest and ways Ain this the ward. should be? The Who for. In that activity. activities will called these through need guidance and beAaronic advisers leadPriesthood the and

ers of Latterday Saint girls working under As a project for the coming month will addition, the advisers will so conduct the bishop, have this responsibility and you please find out what responsibility each themselves that they may assist our girls privilege. They are to love and understand youth under your care has in the Church? over the rough spots on the teenage

each youth under their care and to keep What does he (or she) do besides attend highway; they will know their probin touch with the activity of each youth in your class? lems and be sympathetic thereto; they

the various organizations and meetings of will be worthy of.confidences and

the Church. Helps for the class leader: never gossip or talk indiscreetly.

leaders, together teachers with These limitations the of values of 1. Discuss and the throughout Fathers and mothers to M.I.A., School corare andSunday girl teachers several a or having boy support wholeheartedly should Churchrelate the of the ward. youth program in the week. during the Church

this movement. new that see are to are organizationsThey

the in 2. (a) worker Church Which atnot cross purposes, are working but It clearly understood should be by the enin with touch keeps ward theirto activities several arrange as they all this auxiliary orthat is not a new tire activity welfare Church and rather other eachsupplement than conganization. to are be There no new girls? boys, of (1) (2)flict. also leaders are the to These check

of classes courses organized, no new activity,attendance, attitudes the of and feel this (b) should worker Which additional provided, meetings study no in their at people the various chargeyoung ( for responsibility keenly most 1 ) meetings of the Church. boys, (2) for girls? held, no new social or recreational activities for sponsored young women girls, of Leaders Saint Latterday must,

acextent does checking on what 3. To these as to except twentyone, twelvehowever, than attendance check more do tivity parattendance encourage and

social girls correlate of eventsand of of the and boys programs a part become may ticipation?

effective toif they in their are calling be and the auxiliary the organizations of in the lives of youth. Young people are 4. Does a bey bring his whole personalChurch already in existence.

not inspired to activity by simply checkity into a priesthood meeting or just ing on their activity. We should study atthe spiritual aspect of his nature? DisAll printed supplies for this program

tendance and activity as an index to incuss the importance of always keeping will be furnished without charge by the terests and to needs, so we can learn how in mind the "whole"boy or girl. Presiding Bishop's office.

DECEMBER, 1945 773

CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC. EDITED BY LEE A. PALMER.

Centenarian Passes

"ELIZA Delaney Tillery, a faithful WARD TEACHERS** Latterday Saint for twentynine years in Baltimore, Maryland, died on The teacher s duty is to watch oyer the church always, and be with and

August 11, two months short of comstrengthen them:

pleting the age of 101, And see that there is no iniquity in the church, neither hardness with each other, neither lying, backbiting, nor evil speaking;

And see that the church meet together often, and also see that all the members do their duty. ( D. & C. 20:5355.

In/am J&ach ers ule$5aa& forfor /januaruysfanvian 1946 "YESTERDAY AND TODAY"A s the old year concludes and a new year begins, we unconsciously look "back in retrospect at our achievements. The view is not always an

imposing one. To some it reveals that they have fallen short of the goal

of original intent. To others it may be meaningless, since their plans did

not include the principle of progress. While to another group it may have

given great consolation in that they had planned certain objectives and were successful in reaching them. The words of J. M. Barrie are significant

when he said, "The life of every man is a diary in which he means to write

ELIZA TILLERY one story and writes another; and his humblest hour is when he compares

the volume as it is with what he vowed to make it."

At the age of seventyone she was Most of us are agreed that life is a journey and each of us seems to baptized in the waters of the historic be in a struggle to go somewhere, but not all are quite aware of the

Chesapeake Bay. destination. Many pause in their search not knowing what they seek or its

Eliza Tillery was born on October source.

26, 1 844, the year of the martyrdom of To give us direction it would seem wise to decide what we want and the Prophet Joseph Smith. how well we are equipped to achieve it. Over the centuries, happiness has

been the quest of the average man and remains so today, but many have erred in their interpretation of it. Health is a prerequisite of happiness,

Y. M. M. I. A. Leaders the two go hand in hand. Health is dependent largely upon how we treat

Mourned ourselves,ness then becomesbut happinessa dutyis notcontingentonly fromuponthehowpersonalwe treatbenefit,others.but becauseHappi-

(Concluded from page 745) of the effect it will have upon our associates. Our choice then becomes

important. morewere married in the Salt Lake Temple all the

first impulse might lead us to seek fame, wealth, and political sucTheOctober 13, 1913.

Elder Farnsworth's activities were cess. Such a choice, however, does not insure against sorrow, misery, and

varied, but he kept to his course, redisappointment. Our vision should not be dimmed by the glitter of the maceiving a bachelor of science degree terial, for it offers only the kingdoms of the earth.

and a master's degree at the U.S.A.C, The words of Jesus in the "Sermon on the Mount"offer guidance to

and a doctor of education degree at the those in need, and to those who may be confused, "But seek ye first the

University of California at Berkeley. kingdom of God and his righteousness; and all these things shall be added

Elder Farnsworth decided that teachunto you."(Matthew 6:33.) Who could doubt the wisdom of such a

ing and the rich association it offered choice? Those who have heeded the call of the world have had its promisesgave him greater joy and fulfilment than kept—they have their reward. Those who have tried the Savior's way

he would find in any other profession, have built a soul and all these other blessings "shall be added"in good so he bent his efforts toward advancemeasure.

editions of are second written pages our book are no There in thement field of education. of life—the was He

revisions will except live them. be no There them make may as we as weappointed superintendent of Millard

county schools, later professor of eduby living better today than we did yesterday. Genuine repentance is as a

cation at U.S.A.C, and subsequently blotter which takes up the mistakes of yesterday and removes them from

was offered a position in the state deour book of life through the atoning sacrifice of the Redeemer of the world.

partment of education. Let each day of the coming year be one of repentance from sin and

But his activities in education did not of resolution to live more closely by the word of the Lord.

lessen his enthusiasm for his Church work. He was a bishop from 1928 to

1931, and was superintendent of the few evening art classes of Joseph A. who was with him in Seattle, and to his

Ensign Ward M.I.A. Having been ap- F. Everett whom he greatly admired, family who survive him: three daughpointed to the M.I.A. general board in and developed a great enthusiasm for ters, Mrs. Lucile Hales, Pasadena,

1935, he was appointed by George Q. painting in oils. During the last few California; Mrs. Margaret Richards,

Morris, general superintendent, as secmonths of his life, he found his greatest and Patty Farnsworth, Salt Lake City;

ond assistant in April 1937. relaxation in his painting, and his work three sons, 1st Lt. Dean B. Farnsworth,

Elder Farnsworth has always had a is highly prized by his family and army signal corps, Washington, D. C;

deep appreciation of the arts, and the friends. Robert and Richard Farnsworth, Salt

past winter he satisfied a lifelong ambiThe Eva extends sympathy to bis Lake; five grandchildren; seven brothtion to "try"his talent. He attended a wife, Mrs. Mabel Pearce Farnsworth, ers, and four sisters.

774 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA stake averages from month to month.

On this board we show the progress of temple work as the year progresses.

This helps to keep up interest.

"There is no greater aid to the spirituality of any ward or stake than the spirit which is manifest as a result of frequent attendance at the temple. True,

it effort, entails are organized when we DISTANCE NO HANDICAP TO STAR VALLEY STAKE situated temple, the as but we are from

President Papworth of Star Valley signment there were present all of the it is a necessary part of the plan given

Stake has forwarded a report of stake presidency, eleven of the high to us by the Master and we must not most commendable temple activities in council, the two patriarchs, the stake fail in our responsibilities."

his stake. genealogical committee and almost

"Distance has not proven to be a every bishopric in the stake; also many

great officers. handicap for other stake and the Star Valley ward We have Ogden Stake Temple

located inStake, high as of ten percent southwestern had as a ward Wyoming. The membership of this stake membership attending on their day of Testimonial

travel as far as 150 miles to reach a sponsorship. To make the trip in one

temple, yet last year approximately day and do work for two names, many ["ATE in October twentyeight stake 6,000 ordinances were performed in the leave their homes at 4:00 a.m. and do officials and ward bishoprics of the

Logan Temple besides many hundreds not return until 9:00 or 10:00 p.m. Ogden Stake attended the evening sesin the Salt Lake and Arizona temples. "The temple presidencies have given sion at the Salt Lake Temple, doing

And this year promises to approximate special recognition to sponsoring units, names in honor of Samuel Martin, one that figure. permitting them to furnish parts on the of the patriarchs of the stake.

"What success we may have had is program, assigned in advance, which The group went by bus. Arriving

due to methods employed to get more adds to the interest in the wards. back in Ogden, President Belnap of

people interested. At the beginning of "Special invitations to worthy perthe stake presidency offered a benediceach year the genealogical committee sons on the part of those responsible tion before anyone left the bus. The

and their advisor from the stake presifor attendance at the temple, nave recommittee has planned two more temdency meet and make up the schedule sulted in many persons going to the ple excursions for the winter months.

for the ensuing year. Priesthood quotemple who had not been there since An exceptional meeting was held in

rums and wards are given definite their marriage many years previously. September in the stake with Elder Mark

dates for which they are to sponsor "Another method we have used is to E. Petersen of the Council of the

attendance at the temple, the high ask each Melchizedek Priesthood memTwelve as the speaker. The Twentieth

priests, seventies, and elders each takber, who is unable to go to the temple Ward chorus of over fifty young people ing a day. The assignments to wards himself, to pay for the endowment of furnished the music; while the ushering,

are generally given in units of two or two persons each year. This has reconducting the meeting, and the furmore wards. These quorums and wards sulted in having money on deposit at nishing of flowers which decorated the

take the responsibility of arranging for the temple all the time for special workchapel was done by the members of the transportation and other details. Transers called from the stake to do the genealogical classes of the wards in the

portation is by car or insured bus. Bework. stake. Refreshments were served after

sides the above assignments, stake au- "We employ a large bulletin board in the meeting. Over seven hundred atthorities accept the sponsorship for one our priesthood leadership meeting to tended. Reported by Heber J. Heiner,

excursion each year. On one such asbring before the priesthood leaders our Stake Chairman.

YOUNG MAN... DO YOUR OWN THINKING

{Concluded from page 746) ards of your mother and father? One brothers for a few pieces of silver, he

right there—would you like to call your man changed the history of the world was praying. Does the Lord really anmother long distance and ask her if by taking into a foreign country these swer prayers?

to drink for consent giveshe'd her you looking; he standards: good was He let's shift last the But to act of

personality; us?"with Beyoung. he had was play. our curtain goes with an up The the take to that enough carhis general Well, of physique was cause and entirely different scene. they "And it? fellows, wasn't out of riage, prestige.starch some carried a She he was all to nations corn."from came buy little I lad. I this a said had he not ofBut presume woman this great of head commiswas importance—yes, Who his veins. his in LookingIrish attractive. blood she him She tempted was

it that sary department? was was Who in uneye, the steadily hostsmartaleck him and tempted once—she the next king to the of land? Joseph twice—yes, full gently countered control, he retimes.der time he more Each many sold into the Egypt, was who boy who that tonight thinkswith, folk at mother his teachings the of membered "My lad could say the took who "no"—the gentlemen."sin with in outI'm face the looked home. and He of his parents standards foreign into a

like as the saying rock. Yes, a stood face, must the are handicap you ItYou land! that at the stood was who boy

it chin. goes, the took he on choose your must the are one whoYou all alone. the crossroads youth, That

place just price told a the he what For as it were, he day woman, when to go, want where you say mustYou forget don't to keep behind Satan,"the changed "Get me a straight—andmoment truth to paid the will study much youHow time. all the history she the praying he of readworld. If you, dear was When know.

God has equipped you for life, but he found herself unvictorious, she caught er, can think of the history of Israel

Lets you decide what you want to be. his garment as he fled. The sample of without seeing Joseph sold into Egypt,

figure, central her clothing husband, to the a can than shown do was more you said, fellow has wisely "A Someone

I. imagination, can't use our think a and the history the can of of if we You stuff in right him of the kindwith

lips her treacherous from remark seeing went without coat with world a Joseph than anyone harder himself topreaches to her colors role. follows: as about playing of husband a major many else can."else someone "A And

all here's evidence. the "Well, the almost daily to You come We straight likewise a man is said,pin—his in lilywhite, didn't lives crossroads thought you?"our he was where make we far."too going from him keepshead for decisions. Into in he Let us dungeon a dark "not went be an two caught

"Voiing man, a thousand miles away years. And he was still praying. And angry snare, but walk today on the

* from home, can you keep the standwhen he was sold into Egypt by his highway fair."

DECEMBER, 1945 775 GJjrtHimaa QrMing In 4K. Wavkns J.K

the Christmas season approaches, our hearts are turned to Him whose birthday as we celebrate. The song of the angel choir, "Peace on earth, good will to men,"is

reechoing in all our hearts. Our grateful thanks to God that hostilities have ceased will

make of this Christmas one of the happiest which we have yet experienced.

To you, our Mutual friends and workers, we send cordial Christmas greetings.

We appreciate your earnest and loyal support and have love in our hearts for you and the M.I.A. work. We believe in the youth of the Church and take pride with you in

helping prepare them to fulfil their glorious destiny.

setsytsWt77l/

o'4L*—Ot*f

surviv- S. Also in Texas. U. ArmyGRACE CANNON NESLEN, sising brothers her and were eighteen

J. Cannon, UJ. \AJ. fv(. Jr. vv. Lsenerai UJoard rvfember, J-aiiei rwau ters,died Novemberbut one brother,2, 1945.Joseph

Cor more than twentyone years, SisGrace Cannon Neslen, who died in ter Neslen served the young women an automobile accident north of Pocaof the Church as a general board memtello, Idaho, September 25, was the ber of the M.I.A. She was a willing and daughter of the late President George

conscientious worker, a true leader pos- Q. and Martha Telle Cannon. She was

sessing an alert and active mind. Her educated at the Latterday Saints'

ideas were practical and usable, and University and the University of Utah, revealed her sound judgment and her and received one year of training at the brilliant intellect. In her work on the Boston Cooking School, after which

general board, as in all other activities, she conducted a cooking school in Salt she was dependable and faithful in the Lake City for two years. She was one

performance of her duties. of the original members of the Pioneer

Stake Sunday School board, was one

One of her outstanding characterof the presidency of the Primary of that istics was her honesty. Everyone who stake, and served in ward and stake

her with been impressedmet must have capacities of in the Ensign M. I. A.,

efher genuineness. given to Never the of Stake. Sister wife Neslen,

fusive a compliments, she showered Clarence former C. Neslen Mayor

friends. real affection of herwealth on the Salt City, of mother Lake was

serene loving, graciousShe and was daughter, four sons of one and who radiating kind, cheerand always good her: also Lieutenant survive Colonel

and sweetness. Clarence C. Neslen; Mrs. Gertrude MissMATHONIAMagnusson,MAGNUSSON,17, daughter AofGLEANERMr. and Mrs.

Her associates loved her deeply, and N. Thody, Robert C. Neslen, Charles James Adelbert Magnusson, has just ended her

will ever feel a sense of loneliness in C. Neslen, all of Salt Lake City, sixthMesa consecutiveFirst Ward M.I.yearA.,ofandperfectfurthermoreattendancewas oneat

her absence. and Dr. George C. Neslen, with the of her ward's honor Bee Hive girls.

776 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA BOOKS

for the UJovivia jrolk

with West Point mother a very valuable lesson: "You must

officials. Tracing learn not to go around looking for trouble."

its development GRANITE HARBOR inception its from (Dorothy Maywood the present, to the

Macmillan Company, Bird.New York.Illustrated. made has author

211 pages. $2.00.) biography this of

Terrill learned Blake to overcome school a livof a "jitters"Howthe the wild to love and to ing monument the men who becountry of Lake Superior makes a thrilling lieved in our story for the girl between the ages of ten country, and a to sixteen. The story brings to life the joy

vitally interesting of winter sports and the beauty of nature even during its coldest and seemingly this genstory for—Photograph by Ted E. Collins

bleakest period. read. to eration

ARROW FLY HOME VALERY WILLIE'S WALK TO GRANDMAMA (Katharine Gibson. Illustrated. Longmans, (Elizabeth Mallett Conger. Illustrated. (Margaret Wise Brown and Rockbridge

Green and Company, New York. Henry Holt and Company, New York. Campbell. Illustrated. William R.

1945. 146 pages. $2.00.) 66 pages. $1.50.) Scott, Inc., New York. $1.25.)

"Dasedthe author'son the trueancestors,life storythe bookof twois anof Valerythe Whipples—andwas a cow who camethe totrickslive withshe *TntimateWillie tookdetailsto ofgo thevisitcountryhis grandmamaroad that

experience that each young person should pulled will make interesting reading for the make the delightful kind of reading that litlike matter animals, no very the authorenjoy. authenticated tle young has who The children to listen love to—and the illuswill do, the that very oldmaterial included, they and for she has who but she has what trations are to see. a delight

added enough material of her own to build relish the funny, tonguein-cheek attitude a most enjoyable adventure story, true to of the writer. BIG BROWNIE

the life of the Indian and of the white during (Rutherford Montgomery. Illustrated. the latter part of the eighteenth century. TWO IS A TEAM Henry Holt and Company, New

(Lorraine and Jerrold Beim. Illustrated. York. 222 pages. $2.00.)

ROCKETS AND JETS Harcourt, Brace and Company, "Dig Brownie is one of the rare Kodiak $1.75.) S. York. (Herbert Zim. Harcourt, New that ** bears extinction with faced was and York.Brace Company, the the Illustrated.New age, same were Paul same and ago. years Literary some Junior Guild A TED 1945. pages. $3.00.) 326 liked things. the size, they same and this selection, to sustain the has book drama

'latest the deals I *HIS informawith their book they they had But interest the of laggard reader most and troubles—and * tion relative to rockets and jetpro- learned that it is better to work together the same time has actuality in that the setat

pelled planes. The author has done an exthan to quarrel, and they also learned that ting for the story is Kodiak Island, near

ceptionally fine job of explaining these inthey must respect the rights of others. Alaska.

ventions did to help so which win much ALL the TRAVELERS IS THIS MILK THE against addiIn and Japan. Germanywar

Places) Plants (How Go JACK THATtion DRANK to the the clear explanations, author

Illustrated. E. William R. (Irma Webber. (Adapted from Mother William Goose by charts, included diagrams,has actual and

Inc., 1944. $1.25.) Scott, York. Illustrated. Scott. New R. Scott, William R. interestphotographs added have which

and clarity to the book. For the young who are always vitally Inc., New York. $1.25.)

other in will interested getting somewhere afford '"Phis reading for the book easy

YEARROOKIE OF THE offers this are, they an than book where is realjust youngest beginning to who

Harcourt, Brace and (John R. Tunis. indicating study, of kind unusual lies ize that the in printed the page. wonder

199 pages. York. $2.00.)Company, New animals as actually seeds how repetitions familiar the of child words, With naturetravel—even

air, plants baseball, but water, and this story boys adore and land,"ROST captures the soon the selection of rhythm travel—by

"-'in to people be helped have will by of baseball find responsive readactually obtains that and learns he the milk how ers. The Dodgers had a good team, parorder to travel in these various ways. he drinks.

brilliant theirticularly in pitcher, rookie

SKIPPY'S FAMILY CHILDREN'S PICTURE BOOK COOK irresponsibleBones Hathaway. he was

Brace Harcourt, and Meader. Margaret Gossett: (Stephen W. (Recipes by designed by thoughtless, the storyand until—butBut 153 pages. $2.) York. 1945. deCompany, New Elizabeth Dauber. Scott, R. William itsserves suspense.

Skippy was a little, brown, mongrel dog Inc., New York. 46 pages. $1.50.)HERE DADDY COMES to anychild that wouldn't love amounted have learn not to would to

Milius. (Winifred family to the William R. Scott, Inc., thing except to whom this little with guide? he Whatcook as a book

New York.) belonged. But to that family, he was an Mothers who feel that children should be

years, Peter the the and For seventeen cat important member. boy named will kept out of the kitchen to well doWhat

their joys them, sharing he lived with this they and purchase Finnigan for the fry went when named saw book young and out into the street to wait for Daddy will their misfortunes, and adding zest to all then ask the question, "What's cookin'?"

make interesting reading for the beginner. of their living.

The gay pictures will intensify the interest. POGO'S MINING TRIP

TIMID TIMOTHY (Jo and Ernest Norling. Henry Holt and

WEST POINT (Gweneira Williams. Illustrated. William Company, New York. 41 pages. $1.25.)

Scott, York.) Macmillan R.(E. D. Company, Waugh. Inc., New his father suggested vacation a

pages. 1944. 246 York.J. $2.50.)New subtitle of this book gives the secret Whentrip, it for HPhe John was delighted would

HPhis history of the school which has come * away: The Kitten Who Learned to be mean that he and Pogo could have a really

to mean so much to the United States Brave! And the kitten did learn to overgood time. They could hike, and they

was carefully prepared in close cooperation come its fear—but it also learned from his {Concluded on page 790)

DECEMBER, 1945 777 ZL RETURNING

Now at Your Grocers Recipes your family will cheer IllustratedJohn HenrybyEvans, Jr.

—pumpkin pie, date cake,

steamed puddings, holiday candies—now awaiting you at

your grocer's! Ask him for these

brand new Morning Milk Holithat the war has ended, a real now is the opportune time for reconday Recipes! Nowchallenge comes to parents, loved version and readjustment of our interBe sure to get an ones, Church and priesthood ests and responsibilities to fit theirs. It

friends. rewill for of the for and be both youth and too bad Many of leaders, ample supply

if girls service turning us preare have boys and too too found busy and we Milk for oriunQ Morning maturity their for to and from welfare and plan occupied wisdom gained new the holidays! military experiences. From their travel to give time to their needs.

in foreign lands and their contacts with peoples, strange customs and where unlike living are habits of ours, our /\ne of the best and surest ways to our boys and help different ways life. family our Agirls"homeis tonight"safeac- guard they MUK Finer Flavor youthof thinkinghave fromdevelopedthose which

quired in the home town. Because of once a week would be a good start. All

dovetailing between and the home to they the which home return may MORNING MILK these, and other changed conditions, that can be done to provide a smooth will result youth as in good. Family at first. a little to be seem odd

well as Church recreation and leisurePerhaps we have slipped just a little time activities must be developed. Anyfrom their ideals at times. Safari, more thing which will strengthen the family

active than ever before, is trying to unit is to be recommended. We must be

inject strife and contention into our highly aggressive in welcoming them homes and communities. The adverhome and in helping them to adapt toWeMUSICcarry large stocks of music suitable for sary has stirred up a tendency to tear conditions. They have anxiously

down the Church and lay waste reawaited the time when they could come for those spect been called who have home. CHURCHES to positions of authority. youth When have they would dreamed Some how in their quest home come for peace

their all their time, their love, if put and find it in not our homes, ANDSCHOOLS they they do into acquired newly God's power work Arranged for fields leave to seek a haven new may if for only opportunity. given Vocal an and Many rest. of peace keep and must them Instrumental We USE HOME secret learned that the have of happiat that led into not they be home may SOLOS—CHOIRS—BANDS lies this in ness in of thinking world

L. specialize in D. music. paths forbidden they Write bewhereWe may the of others welfare happiness andto for and us suggestions available. material S.andChurch this embittered. challenge! come Meet Steinway inDealers Lester pianos, and band in seriously. not taking themselves too

orchestra instruments, talkingand machines,

In of influence Living the under dis- a they a very hard good way,records have musicians'supplies. and

Mormon home is much different from covered that if there is to be peace in that first which most of them world, estabhave must been the peace be in the military service. doing lished Right heart. too, atDAVNES47 So. Main St. MUSICSalt LakeCO.City 1 in every home We,

778 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA SERVICE MAN

\AJlllara oC. J\lmbau SEND THIS 12TIME GIFT TO THOSE

ASSISTANT MILITARY COORDINATOR

IT AREA WHO WILL APPRECIATE SAN DIEGOARIZONA—Those in the armed services

Letters from the camps and bases over the world testify of the satismust learn this fact. Fully do they know faction and comfort carried to thousands of service men during the war.

that all this horrible warfare which they have left behind has been due to selfishness.—Those away at school

It will keep them in touch with the Church at a most critical time in

They have a natural impatience to their lives.

get started. Having been absent from

home for such a long time it is going to be very difficult for them to make the—Your NonMormon neighbors

readjustment. In and of themselves, Your neighbors want to know more about the church. The "Era"will

they lack the power to conquer people carry messages of intense interest.

and influences which are activated by the the adversary. of Certainly power and relatives in other States

extend help to these one way to to those return-—FriendsSend this missionary magazine you love who are out of touch

ing youth is for Church leaders to put with the Church.

them to work in the wards and stakes even if some of the "old timers"have to be released to make room. This is—Friends and relatives in foreign lands

part of the challenge that must be met. Mail lanes are open again. Only $2.50 per year to any foreign country.

Already they have testified that they Thousands are hungry for the gospel messages.

are not ashamed of the gospel of Jesus

Christ or of their membership in this others in your own ward Church. They have been proud to ac-—Widows and

knowledge the blessings of the gospel. No one who wants the "Era"should be deprived of it. It should go

In a remarkable way God has manito every Latterday Saint home.

fested his power in their behalf by lives their rejoice preserving they and friends and—Investigators to testify given an opportunity when

this to missionary Send their homes once a month. In times like these their that heard answered and God

gift. the ideal "Era"is an prayers.

truth to 'T'heir intense devotion and—"SendIf you aretheor'Era'weretoa aservicebuddyman"your buddy who read your "Era"righteousness, perstrong and their

sonalities, indicate that they are anxwhile in camp will enjoy it at home—Keep on being a missionary.

iously awaiting a call to expend their Send the "Era"each month for a year to maintain the missionary conefforts in the service of their fellow tacts already established.

men. They are determined to do the

Lord's will because they know that he $2.00 a year in United States, Canada or Mexico.

lives. $2.50 a year to foreign countries.

The future destiny of the Church is in the hands of our youth. And they USE THIS COUPON

are wide awake and ready to grasp the THE IMPROVEMENT EBA opportunities before them. Animosity 50 North Main Street, Salt Lake City 1, Utah

and hatred have been dismissed from Please send the ERA for on year as a gift subscription beginning with the their hearts because they have learned issue to:

this lesson, the in that to order have

Name... love his fellow love one must of God

men. They want to be of service to Address

their fellow men. And we must accept

our challenge by first, providing good

Ward. Stake for to return homes to, and secthem

subscription gift card. Please send the ERA Christmas giving to opportunities them ond, by

serve their fellow men.

DECEMBER, 1945 779 THE EDITOR'S PAGE

{Concluded from page 741) temples we occupy, which were created saw him come. They knew that he was in the image of God. We are not here

the Christ, for his coming had been to while away the hours of this life;

predicted by their prophets. we are here to qualify ourselves day by

the of of Church day. members As in which age and in the day Then his commandkeep should Christ, we individual. another live arose there we another. great love one The and ments, believed of age years fourteen boy A the given that by was commandment scriptures. in the contained was what the in of children the to men Savior lack "If of you in any James, read He is binding lived in upon he which day giveth that of let God, ask him wisdom, the love to are us. commanded We not; upbraideth liberally, all and to men all might, our mind with our Lord God

1:5.) him."it given (James shall be and neighbor our to love strength, and and into he went words, those Believing should love our ourselves. as Then

his prayer was pray, and to the woods lines the of the border pass beyond blessthe faith brought His answered. identified are which with we Church only not desired. ing so He he much of men, children after out the reach and

that Jesus Bible the of witness the had in is the belief growing the that which the Christ, he but saw God the was that live not and that does world God heaven, of in clouds the standing Father dissipated, is goal be our the grave may

Christ, glory, Jesus and with clothed disbelief that in the of place that and at exalted world, the of Redeemer the faith, a living yea, a there come may voice the heard right he his and hand, is the that living Jesus knowledge is Be- "This saying, Lord, my the of of children the are that Christ, and we testibore Him!"He Hear Son. loved Father. the

to those vision glorious this of mony this received of us Those who have reassociated. He was he with whom obligation an assumed witness have of of Morthe the record Book ceived

our turn backs upon cannot which we a witness received also Others of features if Amerimon. by be declared The would. It must and news we in the testimony high. Their from on of men. children to the us five services ca's great news mission had Savior's the of divinity

bring readers of the Sunday been increased and strengthened, so Let us see to it that we speak evil of

Salt Lake Tribune news coverthatcient ithistorywas nothatlongerGoda livedmatterandof thatanevilno one,of us.not Letevenusofextendthose whoto allspeakour

age found only in the nation's Jesus was the Christ; they knew it perFather's children the hand of welcome,

leading newspapers. The news sonally, because they had received a and teach unto them that we know

is and that themselves. was Jesus doubt without

in Salt testimony the read you Sunday a Smith that Christ, was the Joseph handed been has testimony This Tribune is selected Lake from the that living the and of God, prophet the but man, by us, not to by down retoday, the represent work men of who the Associated best coverage has Father, who of Heavenly our power the Father our Heavenly ceive from that children his all it of Internationto Press, Press, United promised his of mind revelation inspiration and keep and his commandments will obey Service, York al News New it to to give desires will he and when alone dependent not are laws. his We ChiService Foreign and Times his benefit Church. of for the them of teachings the history, upon nor upon

cago Tribune Press Service. any man, to know that this is the work That we may be worthy of the honor

of the Lord, because we have had it God has given us, that we may be

From the National and Interburned into our soul by the gift of the worthy of the lineage whence we came, national Scene—more important Holy Ghost. There is no doubt in our that we may be faithful sons and daughthe as to origin, nor his image bear to our as to ters worthy of God, now than at any time in history minds

is life this will that to when go earth, day may in the day by we place we—the Tribune stands alone in over, if we are faithful to the trust our light so shine that men, seeing ourlet

this area in completeness of its reposed in us. good works, will glorify our Father

news reporting. If we believe as we testify, that Jesus which is in heaven—and that when our

is the Christ, and that we are the chillabors are finished and we are sumThis is one of the reasons why dren of our Heavenly Father, then how moned back to our Heavenly Father, of there because be welcome ourmay to we conduct be we should the Sunday Salt Lake Tribune careful below. faithfulness here faith our and the of worthy be selves that we may

is your greatest newspaper purchase: Only 4J/3 cents when

taken with the daily Salt Lake MILITARY TRAINING

Tribune or Salt Lake Telegram. {Continued from page 753) Out what if we fail in our efforts to attack, superior organization, or by use "secure an effective international

of new weapons of destruction. program for preventing war? What if

Therefore, because of our present it becomes apparent within a few years state of preparedness, because of the that the United States must make the <:; urgent necessity of establishing new best of a terrible situation and be premethods of preserving world peace, bepared for attack? Is compulsory milicause of failure of military preparedtary service then to be the keystone of

ness to prevent war, and because the our preparedness program? I think not.

United States and Great Britain are Such a system has inherent weaknesses leaders in the movement for internawhich would not secure for the United tional peace, we have everything to States the most effective force for our gain and very little to lose by postdefense in event of hostilities.

poning action on proposals for uniThere are many reasons for believing {Continued on page 782) % versal military training.

78C THE IMPROVEMENT ERA symbol of service to postwar Agriculture

THE FARMALL SYSTEM

FOR FARM PRODUCTION

THE INTERNATIONAL TRUCK

FOR FARM HAULING. and the better. When it comes to your postwar The Farmer is building his future. for the new..

He did a whale of a job during We know our great responsitruck, remember that it's only the war years. The Farm ranked bility as the leading builder of INTERNATIONAL that outfits the

equal with the Armed Forces—the power and tools you need. farmer for both production and

equal with the War Plants. Count on Harvester to do its uttransportation, for nearly 40 years

of its 114year history, International Now that peace has come, which most to build the new equipment

International one of these three goes right on? you must have to carry on with Harvester has built

Whose job is bigger than ever? your work. Trucks.

Interyour with touch Keep in Interyears, new long For four The Farm—and the Farmer! in better He'll be Dealer. national off by to war Trucks went national

Yes, you are looking to '46, and shape, month by month, to get the tens of thousands. Today we're

to International Harvester. At you a new Farmall Tractor and building them again for the home

every International Dealer's store the improved equipment we are there is a rising call for modern building for postwar farming. front in lightduty and mediumoff the hadn't that sizes come duty your have made equipment. You Company InternationalHarvester

'42. 1, Illinois early lines since assembly 180 N. Michigan Ave. Chicago it is time do—now old equipment

INTERNATIONALDEALERS EVERYWHERE LJ HARVESTERTO SERVE THE FARMER

DECEMBER, 1945 Military Training (Continued from page 780) MILITARY BOOK wouldthat a behugealmostreserveuselessofif trainedwe havemenanother world conflict. The next war

atsurprise with begin probably would of REMEMBRANCE would atomic bombs which tacks in

By George R. Gygi either be secretly planted in the enemy

"Clear today, cloudy tomorcountry prior to attack or would be derow."livered thousands of miles by selfpro-

pelled vehicles traveling faster than forecast weather That may or meet to unprepared sound. A country

also to your apply memory might be moment attack at any of make the war. Many recollections hopelessly crippled within a few hours.

soon grow "cloudy."In the There would not be time to assemble

MILITARY BOOK OF REMEMreserves of trained men. A large standBRANCE you can keep your ing army of men highly skilled in

record permanently. There are handling the latest scientific inventions

blanks for names, travels, exof warfare, who could instantly go into periences, photos, messages; action in case of need, would appear to

force military than a more effective there are pictures of Church be small standing and army a relatively and national leaders, and many large reserve that could be called intoa choice literary gems. A thoughtaction only by act of Congress. The

ful gift for servicemen and proposed plan for universal military women, or their families. $1.50. training appears to be based more on

the experience of the past than upon reasonably anticipated needs of the future. to indicate also seems evidence The THE STORY OF JESUS scientific research, volume that a high

By Eliza R. Snow of industrial production, and the mainto proplants machined of war Young and old will enjoy this beautiful, tenance

instrulatest the delay duce without richly illustrated book from the pen of ments of war are more important facEliza R. Snow, famous Mormon writer, tors in providing adequate defense for

of accumulation the than country author of the hymn "O My Father."Pubour

trained reserves of men. If the large

lished now for the first time in book form, world must be an armed camp, the nathis is the only complete children's story tions that survive must keep in the lead of the life of the Master from a strictly in scientific research. They must have

Mormon point of view. It tells of Christ's thesurvivelatestthe andinitialbestattackweapons.we mustIf webe

ministry among both the Jews and the I THE STORY OF JESUS able immediately to throw our war

Nephites. Here is an ideal gift for chilproduction machinery into high gear.

econour entire to have we are dren of ten and older. $1.25. Unless control, military this means omy under

that the part of our preparedness proFILL OUT AND MAIL THIS COUPON gram under civilian direction will be of equal or greater importance than the military organization itself. BDDKCRAFT18 Richards Street, Salt LakeCOMPANYCity 1, Utah

Please below: the books checked send me

of a greatest the weaknesses /"\ne Military of of Prince $1.50 Book The Ur Remembrance Q U

Y. R. Gates- -Leah D. Widtsoe..$2.00 George Susa Gygi defense combased upon of systemof

Story of Jesus $1.25 Quest The DThe that be training military would $2.00 pulsory F. Eliza R. Ursenbach O. Snow

Man and the Dragon $2.00 Restoration of All Things $1.75 of regimentation. Great military orAnd the Dr.SpokenJohn WordA. Widtsoe $1.50 DiscoursesJosephof WilfordFieldingWoodruffSmith $2.50 ganizations tend to perpetuate tradiRichard L. Evans Compiled by Dr. G. Homer Durham tional methods, to oppose innovations,

the Colonizer Brigham Young, $3.00 Unto the Hills $1.50 and to make fundamental changes in Dr. Milton R. Richard L. Evans Hunter

$1.25 Reconciliations Vision $1.85 The and tactics the use weapons of new and D Evidences

Dr.... N. John A. Widtsoe disaster forces such military only after $3.50 Constancy WesternB. LundwallSetting Utah in Her $2.00 Amid Change

Dr. E. R. Milton Hunter the It is interesting that Bowen to note change.

...$2.00 the Kingdom Glory $2.50 Theirs Is that disof chairman the army board Ashton D For This MyAlbertPaul J. Bailey Wendell

The Gay Saint $2.50 Modern Miracles $1.50 missed Billy Mitchell from the army for

Stokes Paul Jeremiah Bailey God's Covenant Through the Ages $1.30 speaking "out of turn"when he became $2.00 The Gospel Race

James H. Anderson Dr. Milton R. Hunter impatient with the army's slowness to

of Thought $2.25 Golden Nuggets The Gospel Kingdom $1.00 recognize the value of air power is one L. Marler Ezra John Taylor

$2.50 this in Thunder war. generals Cave of our commanding His $2.25 Mansions Many

Stokes Jeremiah S. Rulon Howells that begin armies saying old is an There $2.00 Johnny

Inspired Prophetic $1.00 Warnings Harriet J. Stradling fight Compiled the by the to same with next war

N. B. Lundwall $1.50 Bible 214-C Reader's No. at close of the that used methods were -$1.25....$2.25 Smith: Joseph Vision ProphetStatesman The

Dr. G. Homer Durham N. B. Lundwall the preceding one. An article in one of

Check or money order enclosed. Send C.O.D our popular magazines recently told

the story of an attacking admiral in one

Name of our prewar navy maneuvers in the

Address Pacific who disobeyed orders. Instructions were given one part of the fleet to

782 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA defend the Hawaiian Islands. The other

part of the fleet was to attack, and instructions were given how the attack attacking should be made. The admiral "It's NEW! It's DIFFERENT! orders, his carriers ignored steamed

close to the islands on morn- a Sunday It ing theoretically deAnd What WONDERS out our wiped and fenses at Pearl Harbor. The admiral orders. Works For Your Baking!"for disobeying reprimanded was

later Several the years used Japanese the to out half our THE NEW maneuver same wipe fleet and most of our air force in the

Pacific. This disaster forced the United RED STAR DRY YEAST

States to rely on the carriers and airplanes, rather than the traditional batStays Fresh Without Refrigeration tleships. If it had not been for the disaster of Pearl Harbor we might not

have properly used our new develop- w ments in naval warfare until a large part of our battleships had been sunk by the enemy air force in a way similar to the sinking of the British battleships, the

Repulse and the Renown. Many people

think that the adoption of a system of universal military training would tend to make the army depend too much on mere size, and would increase the tendency for our armed forces to rest on tradition, to train men in obsolete methods, to become inefficient through S:

the regimentation of their great military machines. Baking "wonders"like these are

simple as ABC when you use the /*Vne trainingargumentnot usedfor byuniversalthe armymilitaryitself, ingnewnewRedproductStar DrythatYeast—themakes bakingamazbut advocated by some of our leading so much easier. This new Red Star

citizens is that military training would Yeast is notthe oldstyle Cake Yeast.

develop the character of our young men It's dry... comes in granulated form

and decrease delinquency. This argu-—and it staysfreshfor weeks without

ment has not been carefully checked refrigeration.

with experience or with fact. It is Why not try some Red Star Dry

pretty well agreed that general trends Yeast yourself? You'll be amazed at

of character are set in the individual how quick and easy it is! For, thoubefore he reaches eighteen years of age sands ofwomen every dayare finding 6e *<* <>n9

it easy the new, better his baking. character is way toand that determined bh*Z

grocer Your has supply alargely in now. his environment the home, by "SSrSfQ?

the community, the church, and the Simply ask him for the new Red Star school. These organizations are the Dry Yeast.

training grounds of democracy. If we &*

need better discipline or other qualities of character in our people, we should changes that will strengthen ourmake institutions for trainingfundamental Try RED STAR DRY YEAST our children. To advocate that we

should develop desirable traits of citizenship in our youth by placing them in an institution that is essentially autocratic and that takes them away from the ordinary routines of peacefulliving, is essentially to argue that our Breakeast Treat.

democratic institutions of family, church, school, and local government are bankrupt and that democracy is a failure. Army discipline may produce

certain forms of courtesy, but the army would be the last to argue that it is a moral training institution.

Facts do not seem to indicate that delay in taking action on universal military training proposals will cause our people a to make wrong decision. One Tea Garden Fancygreat fact again this demonstrated by

war is that democracies have usually Western Style made right decisions on fundamental Syrup... a moderately

military policy. The British needed a thick, richly flavored

fleet,great the people created and and... syrup does not soakmaintained such a fleet a voluntary on

into cakes. hot

basis. fleetservice the fundaThe was

(Conctuded on page 784) DECEMBER, 1945 783

MILITARY TRAINING thethe workbasis offora ourrebuiltvictory.navy provedThe experito be

( Concluded from page 783 its attack on Russia which had a system ence of history shows that if the Amerimental factor in saving Britain in both of universal military service. The peocan people are convinced that we need

world wars. This fleet, together with ple of the United States, up to now, a greatly increased army and air force

civilian development of great fighter have felt that large land armies were in the postwar world, they will volunplanes and radar, enabled Britain to be not necessary because our oceans and tarily provide what we need. It is

the first country to successfully repel other countries'resistance to an aggresprobable, however, that the method of the German military machine in the resor would give us time to prepare. providing such increased forces will not

this the case. have proved to be of universal system follow an outmodedcent war and cause Germany to turn Events

felt military however, have service Our people, that compulsory used by we needed a great navy and they proevery autocracy in the world but herevided that navy on a voluntary enlisttofore avoided by the two great world ment basis. It was in this strong branch powers that have felt such systems to

of the service that we suffered our be antagonistic to their fundamental greatest military disaster. However, ideals of efficiency and democracy.

Soaks clothes WHITER m WHEN THE GRASS GREW (Continued from page 749) Z.C.M.I. factory, rushed through the

ging up the hard ground, and spading chores and went to work preparing the

Leaves no rings on fertilizer into the soil. The middleground, that is, every evening when he

dishpan or washtub sized children were to carry off the big didn't have deacon duties to perform.

stones turned up by the plow and haul Those children who were old enough them away. The little ones were to go to stay up and work after supper,

up to the old City Creek bed and worked with him, and his mother sat to select from the thousands of cobbleon the steps and sewed carpet rags, for stones the smooth, clean, round boulshe, too, had a plan. There was to be

ders of regular size which would make a a new rag carpet in the parlor and

Keeps baby things neatexplainedborderthatfor ifthetheyfrontplacedpath. theseMotherin diningsurprise,roomand forto Father'scomplete homecomingit she must

piles, the older children would call for take advantage of every minute. immaculate

them every time old Major, the horse, One evening while George and his

LOTS OF wasMotherhitchedwarnedup thatfor someit wouldothertakejob.a brothersworking onandthesisterslawn,wereLucyindustriouslyrode by in a

SUDS waslong timea bigtotask.do allTheirthey planned,house wasforsetit teamfine carriageof prancingdrawnblackbyhorses.a handsomeOne of

KEVEN IN back about seventyfive feet from the the neighbor boys was driving, and as street and had very wide frontage. But he passed, he called tauntingly, "Hello,

the children were undaunted and enGeorge, don't you ever quit working?"

thusiastically accepted the plan. George's face burned. If he had not

Arrangements were made for gravel, been so determined to keep his hurt to for mountain soil, and even for ways himself, he would have gone inside and and means for the children to earn tne wept; but his mother immediately sensextra money to buy the lawn seed. ing his hurt, spoke saying, "George,

VVRKttS fAMO(/S Everymany, manydime ofuses.their regular income had didcreekyoutodayknowwhilethatgatheringClaire felltheintostonesthe

To George, that Sunday was a day for the path?"She described the incithe deto as they laughed at plan never had dent, and be forgotten. The COID 7M&y frightened dripping, scription In his the of promising. sounded he carmind

TA$re rw/c* ried a picture of a neat, white, picket child, Lucy and her unkind, showoff

AS GOOD / fence with a large smoothswinging companion were momentarily forgotfront gate, and from it two nice uniten. George had not needed to be reform rows of whitewashed cobbles minded that he had time for nothing

running to the steps, with lawn extendbut work. The task was big and the

It as there side. either ing job progressed slowly very a wide on was delicious

after picture. the chores time pleasant, enticing often so little were was He *"OUS *STke*nh evening. finished tree the thought the near of each apple the doubles D".'B'sins ( cold tuthouse and had pictured himself spreadGeorge had never failed to do more

those the his deacon, part as than a heavy, comforter and in a on wool cold ing other Sodoe? the friends his for to while grass deacons and scrubbed swept days sit on ke'a UP holiday pet cleaned chapel, the talked they him. with laughed windows, and washed He

built oil the filled this lamps, flashed coal the time thought smiled every and golden this fires, carried his and the the cut next mind. through and wood and summer By xJste and once meetinghouse. rich like the to coal the just of the look some would home warm Tauce be at evenings least never in tasks took the Perhaps neighborhood. two These homes you'll

without it! Lucy would be one of the crowd who out of every week, so almost before

would come to sit on the quilt in the preparation for the lawn was well shade of the tree. Thus he dreamed started, the summer was gone and it

night and day, as the work began. was time for George to get into the

big "whitetop"and drive with a numfine of only a few were weeks other students to the Brigham of ber for more stY ee famous HpHERE in get to remaining weather which Academy. Young

the work started before George must Even while away at school, he conleave for the Brigham Young Academy stantly visualized the growing lawn. He

in Provo. Every evening for the rest of saw his home becoming more lovely all

the summer he hurried home from the {Continued on page 786) 784 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "Tew cHMSTIAN "r mimrr—"""

OW EASTERN CHURCHC lATTERDAYOF(Mormon)JESUSSAINTSCHRIST OF

Statu CommunicantAOVENTISTSMtmMri CommunicantBAPTISTSMmb,r UnitedWorld

Estlm.t*l Adh.rtnh Es.lrMt.cl Adhtrnti 8WEftlmatad!ZL=Adh.r.nt

Eternal the a a Fatherhaving personage, Godc.a'led

i> God.upremelytangible.mag.om-.upportinfinite, His are. the omnuci.nt anduform orHein influencei.whose therefor.powerbody, Withoutsource per.on.1 ipiciwrfomnisci.nitelWJ*and *J"omniandallb.ginmng.isthings..pint, Spiritof bodyfromofeternal perfect omnipotent. me wenipresent:immortalizedarid I omnipotent,Apre.ent.

EterThe per.onag.s-. distinct p.r.on.: S-T Ood, thr only and Christ, MM and Consist, one. J.su. of Son Hi. Father. *J being: dist.net.piritual three, >""the ofi constitute manif.-ting of The.e Gho... Holy.ame of being a God. purpoi. Son Father. in one SrtS-v'rtFath.r. ai are,"* & and ThreenaltheGodh.ad d.i perfection, tn qual all action.—regenerand substance. in Spirit—great, on. but Holy ojjcj in Conaistlperson.—capableGhost:tinct Godhead; the ol member "Third power.. Father:ating..pos- b.ar. Deity; atrribot..,se. of Son: BMUWt andof Father the the of of Pcrion toe third or ol will third executing Godheadof,the Gotoi:Godhead, the (Spirit). of Executive Godattribute one. onlyperson, and Theone. Council of reme Sup presence presence m Son. thethe andis Father the TheSwho.,boih t b. to Bible the "We trail ll it a. far a. God believeof word God. truth. U. of word absolute the Mde* It * eorr.c.ly."h lal.d Holy by npon * *::::'::"moved Wort* infalliblemen to-.1!i> by *, Standatd I, Coota'n,Believe the among place Faith. of.1.enpture.. other Only beofare God'.theno Sprit There man. for Church. teaching, God', infallibleof,11 c spirits, as lived rtaWition. Contain.oar In Father. unembodiedEternal the of Jen. preeii.t.nce. in w believe unit.d i..pirit not Wethisdrent.Iity.!- hi. lived or.uch. had only Th. human.ubstance. earth ofthe world. this into commence,born is beinghe life. when Afnce (God)thia DoChri.tbefore immortal i.body existence. preriou* no ha* He

fol from in invest.o been Oth.r has authority. authority of succession and authority. teachmg for equal have Church may ChurchPriesthoodto ministry.authority one in vested the not within from authority restored admijby anyguiding.authorwas have can righteou.- their authorityOther throughcomes itself Smiih God ApostasytolicdivinethisJoseph with harmony Chri.t. in churchesare.rvc they to desire by Nochurches,.groupness and

word. IS ifHis Divine,heThi.man.Uy.and—

bapInfant, only. immersion Ih fa notbelieve. first which must act for died Rulon whopersonal expressesSavior, churchjs if. other of Chris, S Howells candidatesbaptism

immersion. by not I. sins. Onlythe by Acceptcondion churches olher of salvation. toimmersion. Bytized,Acceptdonenecessary The|ourbaptismtions.—- olHis * retaining, God., is link,, y to desiring A upon UNIQUE took voluntarily CHART nature, th/ born was by conceived flesh; human on J taking Virgin of born Spirit, Holy chvin.Himself"he ofHisOld the as Godman,thus(person). and 15 man inches. both by sin. 20 without is a distinctive fea*

God.Mary: ture of this visible remarkable a book* organize the "01 Read

D.sc.p!"CHRIST earth: on whiledihurch HeGospel.believersorganizei lollop chu.cb HisOur DIDGANIZE answers given 10 leading by s Christian give God -E IONA CHURCHORChrist today.to upfororganization. WH11EARTH rfT,cledraisedTiessaee

sy are churches and bread questions on 23 The of doctrine. and of representations

take thewinebodypa. who Christ. of mbioibolicth. 1* manife; Christ,

t death atoning HisofAll in memb.ancefailh

pwwi4y THE ONLY COMPILATION OF ITS HIND

ated. Especially appropriate for missionaries, teachers, How is Herestudents,is a truly unique gift that will long be appreciand investigators. Be sure to get a copy

for yourself.

"Bookcraff MORMONISM A publication $2.25

252page book and DIFFERENT comparative chart. from other religions?

* Full information—accurate, authentic—is

available to you for the first time in a single book and its accompanying chart. You

need not study hundreds of volumes for a thorough understanding... the work is

already done for you. Read HIS MANY

MANSIONS for your own satisfaction and to enable you to tell others more convincingly what you believe.

FOR SALE AT ALL New Edition BOOK DEALERS NOW READY

DECEMBER, 1945 785 When the Grass Grew {Continued from page 784) the time. He was very sure that he must

better his situation, for over and over his wise teacher, Karl G. Maeser, kept

repeating, in sincere but broken English, "Don't be a scrub."George

couldn't afford to be a scrub; he was

convinced that he was one of God's blessed children. In his veins flowed

the best blood of all the land. He

Royal Enriched Bread is a year 'round treat with younghimself!would, heHe mustappliedmakehimselfsomethingdiligently.of

sters—and with grownups, too. Every loaf is enriched He read the best books. He was a

faithful choir member and learned to with nourishing vitamins and iron, and sing and to enjoy good music. He imevery bite is doubly tempting with proved his dancing. Bit by bit he

sensed that his lankiness and seeming a good, oldfashioned trueawkwardness was passing. He wasn't

wheat flavor. inquitethe asgroupuncomfortablenowadays, whenbut he girlsstill wonwere

dered how he would feel when he next

ROYAL BAKING COMPANY saw Lucy, which, strangely enough

Salt Lake and Ogden happenedSalt Lake theafterveryfinishingday hethatreturnedterm ofto

Community Builders for more than 50 years school.

ucy happened to be passing his home, stacked to her chin with bundles, when George walked out of his gate. With new poise, he politely

WEAR withlifted herhisbundles.hat and Heaskedwalkedto helpwith herher

the short distance to her grandparents'home; and just as he handed back her

packages at the gate, several of them fell to the ground and were torn open.

Embarrassed, he gathered the contents for her and carried them inside the

REG. U.S. PAT. OFF. house. As he was leaving the porch of LEVIS the big house, he heard Lucy say to her

SINCE 1850 AMERICA'S FINEST OVERALL grandmother,quite a fine young"Georgegentleman."has becomePride

FIT BETTER...WEAR LONGER andGeorge'sinexpressibleheart. At joylast healmostwas reachburst

ing his goal—he was really becoming

somebody. Her words lingered and he

needed nothing more to spur him to the limit of his strength. Now, when their

lawn grew, and when the house looked it like to look, he he wanted feel free to invite Start Your New Year wouldmore to come Lucy over.

He quickly applied his energy to the cultivation of the new lawn. Through- >fie6mblem BUSINESS TRAINING out the summer the entire family

'Efficient School Whether we have a new world or the old worked tirelessly to complete the unDay and evening one rebuilt—business is sure to play an dertaking and to get the grass growing

classes. important part. You will stand a better well before the father returned. All

Approved training chance for employment... for a successful this happened more than sixty years for veterans.

at so there hose no sprinkling was Employment... if you have thorough business ago, service. career irrigating that time. ditches Small had training.

to be hoed and carefully tended in order that the fine lawn seed would not be out water. washed too by George much L. D.S. BUSINESS COLLEGE supervised always the watering, as he70 North Main Telephone 3-2765 Salt Lake City 1 couldn't others take a chance on the

doing it alone. Soon the seeds were

L. Business D. S. College

Salt 70 North Main, Lake City 1, Utah sending their first green spears through the entire ground. family shared The tell Please or evening me about your day rates serv- Q; employment

in his delight the remarkable change ice living arrangements for outof-town students Qj classes; tuition that to show. was beginning School Graduate High Remarks:

College or Student Graduate Then, thundershower, in a sudden Name Veteran tragedy. fell of rain came Torrents

Mature, nonHigh School Address G soft the earth the upon out and washed Graduate young grass. Deep gullies were cut in

786 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA the loose soil. And within a few minutes

the family's work of months was destroyed. The ground must now be resurfaced. More seed must be bought

and the only possible money with whichto purchase seed was that which MODERN MIRACLES

George had earned by doing small jobs By JEREMIAH STOKES at school during the winter. These

precious savings were to have bought Here is a rare coliection of modem a fall suit, to wear first when he met faithpromoting incidents in which the his father at the train.

Should he give up the idea of the power of God has been made manifest.

lawn and get the suit as planned? True, It includes not only accounts of miracuall of the family would be disappointed es lous healings, but. of many other reif finished, but not the lawn were he so markable manifestations as well. Here it ilM for planned a suitneeded and had

many, many months; besides, who are authentic reports of incidents everycould tell whether there might be anone will want to know about. This new

other thundershower? For two days, volume is a great sourcebook of spiriGeorge, his mother, and some of the

children considered the problem. Finaltual information. Among the finest

ly it was George who insisted that the books of your home library, certainly seed be purchased so that the lawn this one deserves a place. $1.50.

might be replanted. This time, it grew

to a thick stand before so much as a drop of rain fell. It looked beautiful!

George thought of it all day and hurried tohome from work see how much betnight.ter every it looked THEIRS IS THE KINGDOM

The summer was passing and the By WENDELL J. ASHTON

time for his father's return was growing near. George had never looked nor In this new book, Wendell J. Ashton

old coat sobeen happy. His been had catches—and passes on to the readerneatly pressed, darned, sponged, andand the remaining suit money had—a vision of the greatness that may

bought new trousers and a stiff, white, flourish and bloom in the lives of men straw hat. He was ready for the gloriand women who move among the rank

ous, longanticipated day when his father would return and look with inexand file. Here are eight biographical

pressible pride upon his greatly imsketches, the characters being Aurelia proved home and growing family. Spencer Rogers, Truman O. Angell, R.

But Brother Smith unfortunately arrived too late Saturday evening to see M. Bryce Thomas, Evan Stephens,

the lawn. George was almost afraid to Thomas L. Kane, George D. Pyper,

go to sleep that night for fear all of Richard Ballantyne, and Dan Jones.

to with their not might bethem waken father lawn. the But You'll find enjoyment and real inspirahe first saw when

early, early Sunday morning the chiltion in these intimate life stories. $2.00.

dren dressed and walked with Brother

Smith to the front door. As he caught FILL OUT AND MAIL THIS COUPON

his first view of their beautiful yard, his eyes twinkled. He looked proudly uponhis eldest son and said, "My, we Smiths BOOKDRAFT18 Richards Street, Salt LakeCOMPANYCity 1, Utah

are fine folk, aren't we, George?"Please send me the books checked below;

George experienced a joy never before Man and Dr.theJohnDragonA. Widtsoe $2.00 The Story of ElizaJesusR. Snow $1.25

if of his father that $1.50 the $2.00 then Temples Most Highknown. Spoken and "The Word"knew He D

L. Evans Richard N. B. Lundwall feel otherfelt that people would way, $1.30 This $1.50 the Always and Gospel Through Ages Day G The all atthat surtoo. L. not Dr. Milton R. Richard Evans was Hunter way He

prised when, after Sunday School, D Brigham Dr.Young,MiltonTheR. ColonizerHunter $3.00 Q DiscoursesCompiled ofby WilfordDr. G. HomerWoodruffDurham$2.50

her grandparents $1.75 walked Reconciliations the and Evidences andLucy Church and $1.85 D Youth D

B. A. Lee Harold Widtsoe John them. with andhome Upon Brother the.- Theirs Is $2.00 $2.50 This Kingdom Glory Dr.My D ForSister invitation, the three of Smith's Ashton J. Bailey Paul Wendell

them came in and sat with them under The Gay SaintPaul Bailey $2.50 Modern MiraclesJeremiah Stokes $1.50

in olderthe apple people of All $1.75 Gospel Through the The Restoration Things Ages $1.30 tree—the

R. Milton Dr. Hunter Fielding Smith Joseph folkchairs the quilt, and the on young

of $1.00 Thought Nuggets Golden The Gospel Kingdom $2.25 U a as L.just exactly had dreamed Marler Ezra George Taylor John

$2.25 Military Book Mansions His Manythousand times that they would—while Georgeof RemembranceR. Gygi $1.50 S. Howells Rulon

dishes heapingGeorge's served mother the $1.00 Lines Behind $2.25 ProphetStatesman Smith: Joseph D A. Fisher George cake. ice Dr.of G. cream and sponge lemon Homer Durham

$2.50 Thunder Cave

Life $2.50 of F. Smith Joseph Stokes Jeremiah D It daintily refresheating while was

$2.00 Fielding Smith Joseph D Johnny said, that "George, yourments Lucy of $2.00 Compiled J. Stradling Prince The Ur by Harriet

Story Hurlbut's Bible $2.50 of the front the beautifulfamily yard most has D. Y. Widtsoe Susa Gates—Leah

Jesse Hurlbut Lyman likein the entire ward. to I should Quest sit The Smith: $2.25 ProphetStatesman $2.00 G Joseph F. Ursenbach O. Dr. G. let this Durham will tree Homerunder whenever you

me."G Check or money order enclosed G Send CO.D

George didn't do what he wanted to Name do, jump straight up and down—but his Address

heart did!

DECEMBER, 1945 787 A GIFT FROM PAUL DRINK (Continued from page 751) "I had a threehour stopover. What

time you?"have

in the doorway, "Mother, And Mary was That it's for you."

little to spare. but

hurriedapron, off her slipped Luella chemistry Paul's asked about He BREAKFAST settled. There was time

ly from her hands, wet wiped to absorb as freshenroom. to want seemed He

ing the lettuce, and went into the living much of Paul and his home as three room. There stood a blond soldier as hours could hold. Mary took him down,

bashful as he was tall behind a large and Luella followed with the key, and bouquet in florist's green paper. Hal trailed behind. They watched

She went to him quickly to make him while Ray touched the beakers, the feel at ease. He held out the green tubes, the lamp, everything he had time

parcel and stammered, "Are you Paul's for, as though in that way he would

Caffeinefree, mother?"At her nod, "These are for come closer to his friend.

could that she Luella amazed was blended and you."locked there in the she had Hal had stood up when the soldier stand room

roasted to pe'rfechad come in and now moved to shake against painful memories so many still pain. hand. She feel no months ago, and / tion, Breakfast his peace eyes. There sought Hal's was knew Paul?"he asked. "You

freely pride. of there, talked and 'roundis a He Cup is Houghton, name "Yes, sir. My accidents, and experiments, Paul's in in camp met Houghton. Ray favorite. We theclock during talked as achievements he had England."New college years. absent, Paul's satisfying hot A led the girls the and introduced Hal

seated and davenport to the young man drink for all the family's set table in the the Tary ot him.&a TOP beside himself J"*A silver. linens, porcelain, best: She fami]y- the on the clasps loosened Luella in roses a long the crimson the arranged

MORNW*G"bouquet.dozen. SheRoses,gaspedredand ones,buried aherwholeface bluetion tobowl.Paul'sThefriendfamilyas theybent ate,its attento his

in their crimson fragrance. She turned conversation, to his needs. The dinner

to Private Houghton. "Thank you,"which Luella had most dreaded was

she said. "Thank you for so much going off smoothly and well, without

loveliness."Paul. The table and food were all she

"Thank you, for giving me a friend could ask. It was Christmas, a ChristLOMA LINDA like Paul. He is a right guy. Have you mas dinner, despite absence and death.

FOOD COMPANY heard from him lately?"Joseph was enjoying the excitement

Hal's head jerked up, and his lips of eating dinner with a soldier, and kept parted. Mary turned from Rosalee's his round, freckled face bright with

extravagant appreciation of the lapel eagerness turned to Ray, like a morningpin. Luella placed long thin fingers over glory drinking in the sun.

her lips and looked with quiet eyes After dinner they drove Private

seat. in sat beside the back him were and silent. Ray Joseph understood 'mwrtnik intoTheyHal's brown and Mary's blue ones. Houghton to the station. Mary and

liking deChristmas, deeper a than had was know. This need not A closeness

time for happiness. Knowledge that veloped between the twins and theii

would bring sadness would come some brother's friend. It was as though in

"The mineral industry's averday, but not today. trying to help Ray enjoy the home Paul

age annual in disbursement back. Paul they loved had his had said, "but recently,"she "Not for freight supand Utah Wages,

I see said. plies "Goodbye, "When to Ray $85,000,000. amounts In so glad letter that latest told he was

fact, roughly of cents 90 every all tell I'll swell were you him'Paul how use able to to be going he was dollar in is because of ore mined Utah

I'll tell I see that him what to me. now in spent Utah."last, someto training, at his and do

thing constructive. Of course, he he meant about a home to fight for.

couldn't tell us what it was."For the I'm coming back after my release, if

first time since that letter had come, you'll let me. Thanks, thanks for everyjust twelve hours before the telegram, thing."

she was able to think those words with- "Do. Do. Thank you for coming,"out a pain in her throat. They came chorused the Laytons—and Ray was

almost easily. gone.

the sat couch and home, on Hal Back in to turn spoke him family each The his against the leaned head dark of told amusing of he them Paul and pile. blue tidy the deep crocheted on INDUSTRY METAL MINING talked, reincidents. he he camp As

said. see "I kid,"he hope "Nice we OF UTAH ease. eyes at His soon laxed and was

again.""Well, paused. Mothhim He in the taking strayed around the room

is over. said, almost er,""the day he spirit fire, tree, festive of the the gay

it fine. through were got You We feeling the of a where room and home

right about splendid. were you And love, joy understanding, not were and

letting to not Ray."on inmates. guests but permanent merely the turned out on reached and He friend. OffER old smiled as an became and WE He Night."radio. "Silent Night. Holy COMPLETE He A

asked. is your home?"Mary "Where off, it stayed Luella to switch but moved ENGRAVING SERVICE

From Missionary Portraits to the Largest "I have never had one. I lived where his hand. The carol continued. They

Catalogues. boys came in wholesale lots, an orphanleaned back and listened.

Mail Orders Given Prompt Attention age."He grinned, but there was loneUTAH ENGRAVING CO. liness behind the grin. IUTary and Joseph had gone off with

113 Regent St. Salt Lake City, Utah "Can you stay for dinner?"Hal infriends as soon as they had required. turned from the station. There was

788 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA quiet in the room except for the song nearing its end. Suddenly, the doorbell

pealed. Hal rose and answered it. DOES CHEVRON SUPREME MAKE

"Special delivery forMr. Hal Layton. That you, Mister?"

"First parcel. small the Hal received seals. DRIVING IN TRAFFIC EASIER? at the tore andclass,"he read

The postman dashed away toward the sound of his purring motor.

Hal closed the door and sat again beside Luella. They opened the packQuick pickup is one remedy for

Mr. "Dear a letter: foundage and where and that's traffic headaches... you this reaches I that hopeLayton, highIt's a Supreme shines. Chevron have would Paul day.for Christmas

liked that. I couldn't get it off sooner way version of the Chevron Avia-

I landed. I am home have justbecause give to that was built tion Gasoline

it as and mailed leave convalescenton Chevpep. extra planes fighting I have you suppose possible. assoon

heard how Paul's watch came into my ron Supreme is designed to do the hands. Thank you for its use and for same for your car.

your patience in waiting so long for it.

I hope it serves as a comfort to you.

Paul was a son to be proud of. None

better. I loved him, too. Good luck,

Davis."T. Sgt. E. bless you. and God

his arm, Like fighting planes, your on the watch slipped Hal but his fingers were sticks and he car runs best—in traffic or on

couldn't make the clasp hold. Luella the highway—with a gasoline

the band for him. They sat fastened designed for its own special

hand in hand.

Hal's fingers played round and round requirements. So, even though

the face of the watch as though they Chevron Supreme comes from a could trace Paul's features there. famous flying fuel, it's tailored

returned at him. smiled He Luella there for your car; has the qualities eyes, and spite of wet smile in the

was peace in his face. your car needs most.

The scent of deep red roses pervading the room brought back the memory of the visitor of the afternoon and his appreciation of the spirit of home which they had shared with him, and for the first time since that awful night when You'll like the way Chevron of church out called been she had to Supreme doesn't sputter when you felt as if Paul she telegram, the receive were near. She realized that she had need quick getaway in a traffic snarl.

shut him out and in letting him in for And you'll like the way its highreceived him she had Houghton, Ray the you over hums octane power friends Paul's them. of for all back straight gasoline Not even she highway. again, and home him brought had

had thought that she had nothing to from a fighter plane's tanks could show for those twentytwo years. put better performance in your car.

She arose, went to the console, selected Paul's favorite record, started the machine and his loved music flowed into the room: "Unto us a Child is

born. Unto us a Son is given...."

Paul's gift was the most precious that the day had brought. She leaned against

her husband and his arm curved to receive her and tightened around her.

Her head rested on his shoulder.

THOUGHTS IN A KITCHEN

By Elaine V. Emans

made the cookies that you like today, SUPREME GASOLINE

I And, tucking them into their squatty jar, too far away he be why must the throughout ARE BACK! Good CARDS CREDIT NATIONAL for I smiled, though STANDARD'S Then them? ITothought,have office, of California Standard at any Apply and Canada. United States too far

For things I bake, I knew that you are near Standard Station or Dealer, Authorized Distributor or at any Chevron

Enough for safe receiving of the store Gas Station. We'll do our best to issue your Card promptly.

Of courage I can send, and sunny cheer,

And dreams of future, faith: and, even more

there probably, Important STATIONS, AT STANDARD one mayis nosendbana service love which On GAS STATIONS CHEVRON AND GARAGES man!

DECEMBER, 1945 A Mormon Wife (Concluded from page 755) fat a PEACEIGltAtitmcbb voiceartisticof temperament.rare loveliness, Sheand hadwith largeit an

dreamy eyes (which could flash fire when her ire was aroused) and a vivid imagination.

affecchild, very a quaint Anna was to loved be yearning THERE is one gift chat h especially tionate. Her

appropriate this year. A Bible, A Natraitttl seemed to attract her to the society of

Bible. & A Bible because no other gift her elders, which made her more seriso perfectly expresses the true meaning of ousminded than the rest of the chil-

"Peace on Earth". "A'A HaHwial Bible dren.to our Oftenhome whenfor a visitrelativesand wouldafter dinnercome

because it's the beloved King James the youngsters would be romping noisiversion ami because Nettlmnil is ly in the yard, Anna might be found famous for the fine and lasting quality sitting sedately in the parlor trying to of the books themselves. & Despite the understand the conversation of the

war's end. there still arc not enough grownups. Later she might even try

children with one other us to impress everyone. Bibles for But the National picked that she had or words two big

steadily—is increasing quantity available up.

so when you do your Christmas buying, Anna liked to cook. To encourage

ask your bookseller for the Bible you her my mother would let her make want—Ntfttti'M? graham crackers on Saturday mornings.

Cute Anna! I can see her now, patiently rolling and pricking those graham

recipe crackers, the for which—cream GIVE A

stirred into graham flour and salt to make a stiff dough—was simple

enough for any little girl to master. The

crackers were surprisingly good, the nation

Biftl r restkitchenof usandthought,gobbledas wethemdashedup as intofasttheas they came, all crisp and brown, from the oven. Finally Anna's usually serene

PUBLISHERS QUALITY BIB L E S SINCE 1863 disposition could stand it no longer, and she would call "Aunt Gusta"to come >X>><>X><>C>><><>><><>><><>><><>><> and make us stop.

As for myself, I fitted right into the family, being Anna's junior by two years. (Each sister was two years

younger than the one preceding her, so if the of age you one you knew knew HUNDREDS all. four it of old but years ) I was show that they prize I came to 14 Second East to live,whenso I

have only hazy recollections of any existence prior to this time.

The final member of the new family special play- "Hebey,"was little my eace on Earth mate. the first won He from my mothBy resuming their studies er's heart completely. He was not five

years old when he developed hip disat ease, and our memories of him are associated with some little crutches. Dear

(Brignam young University littleTim""Hebey,"of our family,you but,wereunlikethe that"Tinyof

Dickens'boyish character, your life was

PROVO. UTAH not to be spared to your loved ones.

(To be continued) m.

WINTER QUARTER begins Books for the Young Folk

January 7, 1946 could fish—but(ConcludedwhatfromJohnpageand 777)Pogo didn't

know at the time was that they would learn about gold mining.

LITTLE JONATHAN ICTORY IPSEAids in treatmentFor OVERof FIFTYCanker,YEARSsimple Company,128(Miriampages.E.New$1.25.)Mason.York.Illustrated.1945. Macmillan

child thirteenth the was older brothers six in the family—havingBrown

at sisters. Jonathan older six And CLOTHING soreand throatthroat andirritations.other minor mouth JONATHANand

to their family with his to going move was COLLECTION six Jonathan when house. moving But new Hall's Canker Remedy

it is different quite from what lived was For Overseas Relief 536 Lake City, Utah East 2nd So.—at Salt

nowadays, for he lived when buckskin suits 790 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA MailMe the following for OWelfoofcracfc Christmas YOUTH AND THE CHURCH Apostles from February 14, 1835, to De- (Harold B. Lee. Deseret News Press, Salt cember 27, 1847, and counselor to Brigham

Lake City, Utah. 1945. 236 pages. $1.75.) Young in the First Presidency of the Church A s we go to press, there are before us the from December 27, 1847, to his death on Presents

valiantly lived 1868, the 22, through June** proofs of concerning which page a book SKEPTIC DISCOVERS A bitterest stormiest persecutions scenes and later, like to which would more say andwe MORMONISM the leadership of towering His Church. was 10. availableshould about be December

disTimberline Riggs. By "The most in strengthen wherever to went, evidence he B. the and HaroldYouth Lee by Church

in the cussed of recent book Church the to in their sustain help Saints and them is the of theof of Council Twelve a work years."For old young and filled life the darkest hours. with His was the series chapterstwentyfour from radio

practical, the reading miraculous and and $2.00delivered Brother Lee between January by

it, his of in in those of the and words own to of 1945.and response wide June The ERA HEALTH A is fiction. NEW author, than more moving To talks inthese as radio messages well may

sell William M.D. Will Hay. Howard By the the of of Kimball Council Spencer W. the ofdicate enthusiasm something with

of the idea health you method and good of the family, Kimball and which Twelve will the received. Brother bewhich book

it like you and make for the is president, are indebted pubhe we in himself,Lee, years genuinely young and possessed of a youthful outlook, here meets, lication of this second edition. Not only $2.00

contents, to the in but appearance, also as fearlessly,vigorously, convincingly, many SLIM EAT GET AND is its attractive, including and worthy book theof questions are asking youth and many readable, very Cooley. By Donald A its large, colorful jacket readable twelve and facing.of the are problems youth vigor The sensible, interesting diet that book on ilattractive particularly type. point One his the hisof conviction voice of and

i profit reading anyone can by is lustration, several, the color plate among felt tothoughts heard be again and seem through the lines of the printed page, as of the Kimball residence in Nauvoo. It is $2.00

that will to another generation good know utterthey vocal were them he gave when inRELEASE FROM NERVOUS to with this acquainted able be become effective the verbalance and air. Unique on

illustrations—figures of speech, allegories, spiring volume. R. L. E. TENSION

Fink, M.D. Invaluable Harold By David the part as of appear PRINCEparables—frequently OF UR THE the those most would make who gift style.author's that and is a Here in collaboration with to Gates (Susa Young

lives their of the best and for looked asked and havemany Bookcraft Widtsoe. Company, D. Leah bookfor—and $2.00 to distributed promises be widely andwhich City. Salt 1945. $2.00.) pages. 246 Lake

the the of Church,widely read youth by 'in oriental resplendent the court THINK RICH key AND GROW their dealing are those withand by who Hill. 225,000 copies Over By Napoleon affords the of a Chaldees *I 'hecity Ur of teachers, advisers. as parents,problems and will sold. greatly that book this broaden for exciting story colorful backdrop A

L. E.—R. thinking basic enlarge your and your early of youth, the days from Abram's

LIFE OF HEBER C. KIMBALL before he had received the blessing that facts -

(Orson F. Whitney. Stevens & Wallis, changed his name to Abraham. Into this $2.00

Fertile of the luxurious CresbackgroundInc., Salt City. 1945. Lake $3.00 SMITH JOSEPH for civilization of pivotal cent, point many pages.515 $3.00.) Evans Henry John By laid plot authors centuries, the of so a have for generation, of the eyes a newHERE, intense intricate excitement weaving and $3.00 SMITH JOSEPH

is of edition the biography a second that reader, the exacting, every even most Preston Nibley Byfirst in since long published 1888, and arresting. out will find the story

is It print. F. $1.25 the ofof WhitOrson SIGNS TIMES work THE OF the of the of gods worship many From written apostle, poet, philosopher, Fielding Smithney, Joseph and By their city the with complex cosmopolitan

life the strongest personof of the oneon..: rituals, swiftly story to the $1.25 prove IN moves NET GOSPEL THE

alities the Restoration. of C. KimHeber the the true necessity of worshiping one A. Widtsoe John By

ball, the the of of Twelve member Quorum for children his love has never whose God HISTORY THE PROPHET OF failed.

In the dramatic scenes between Sarai JOSEPH $2.50

finally this popular. he outgrew Motherwere By His How Ischa, and of and and Abram Mardan—all interesting readsuit will provebuckskin the of character royal play household—the C. KIMBALL..$3.00 HEBER LIFE OF of four ages youngsters the froming to to is real. intrigue, intense jealousy, Court and F. Orson Whitney By

eight. all their prejudice part play and to make

$2.25 GOSPEL KINGDOM of interest. this novel of compelling a book KINGEMERALDS FOR THE By John Taylor leading characters and The are Abram Illustrated. Longmans,(Constance Savery.

andGreen Company, New York. people,Sarai, butas realin astheanybooknow areliving,innumerablewho live GOSPEL BySTANDARDSHeber J. Grant $2.251945. 270 pages. $2.00.)

WITH a setting in the troublous times of wayand act,that thinkpeopleandof speak,today infacemuchsimilarthe probsame TEACHINGS OF THE PROPHFirst, brother the worked Charles when lems. $2.00 SMITH ET JOSEPH Cavalier and brotheragainst if one were satisfying a thoroughly For book, The Fielding Smith By Joseph this the story involves Puritan,the other Prince of Ur has few C. J. peers. M. i * * *

is for the king. fortune of Tosty awinning CRYSTAL finally locates the ROCK of thethe and hero book following are three good, hisThe (Adalbert

the kingtreasure, pardons from wins and Inc., Books, torical instructive Stifter.New York.Illustrated.1945. Pancheon All novels. and to thefor his brothers opposed were who 94 $2.75.) pages. reading: very goodking.

SEA $2.00 CATS PRINCE THETHE Pxactly one hundred years ago, the auOF UR first this published story the under "thor Illustrated. Curtis (Alice Desmond. MacBy Susa Y. D. Widtsoe title it, Later, inrewrote he Eve. Holy Gates—Leah

millan York. Company, New it in cluding a collection of short stories $2.50 THE SAINT GAY pages.216 $2.00.) titled Stones, he Colored which changing Bailey Paul By

cats called are sea title by the Aleuthis the of story to to Crystal RockSeals tians, many of whom are cared for by conform to the other titles in the collection. FOR THIS MY GLORY $2.50

the United States in return for the work The beauty of the story lies in the intiBy Paul Bailey they do in capturing the seals. Ivan was a macy the author creates through the folk Check the books you want. They can

thirteenyear-old boy who had to do the of the small village and through his own come C.O.D.

work of an adult after his father broke his deep knowledge and love of nature. Order from

leg in a fall from a cliff. The book has Beautifully illustrated, well printed, and

attractively, incorporating value, the as it does thedouble boxed book an will make TIMBERLINE RIGGS gift forparticular of ideal Christmas against a background boy of the any member truth. family—and for one's friends. M. C. J.. OVERTON, NEVADA

DECEMBER, 1,945 791 SJJoiiTToge avii Ours

St. Louis, Mo.

Dear Sirs: r I this is a long delayed letter of gratitude for the inspiration * and help The Improvement Era has given my next door neighbor and myself.

I had just successfully finished fighting tuberculosis for five years when my left side became paralyzed.

Gradually the enjoyment of little things I never had time before even consciously to see began to register themselves:

the lacy outline of a tree against the sky, the busy industriousness of a hen with her flock of irrepressible chicks, a bird's clear call, even the pretty colors of some neighbor's wash, and the kindness of a neighbor who was blessed with the greatness of heart and understanding to make a troubled life easier.

I cannot imagine anyone who examines The Improvement

Era more thoroughly than I. From the ever delightful covers

through the fascinating "Exploring the Universe"and the poems, articles, and inspiring stories, faith and pure goodness shine like a high ideal which must embody your aim in living.

When we all reach the understanding that such aims and ideals must be shared by every human being, then, and then only, can there be a hope of the world peace which God intended. INNOVATION IN RAILROAD TRAVEL

Sincerely, Conducting experiments with a new type of streamline passenger

Mrs. Lillian Fehrman newcar lorstreamlinepostwar carChicagowith service.a glassenclosedWestern Pacificobservationhas perfecteddome froma

which passengers may enjoy a complete panorama of the passing country. Although the experimental car is a streamline coach, the

to postwar sleeping cars, which applied be can dome Just One of Those observation containing twentyis coach, of a streamline top like a penthouse on vision clear the of seats providing a passengers four deepcushioned Traffic think "Hey, Cop: you are?"who you do

territory. Driver: just I'm the of taxpayers "Oh, one who pays your surrounding is of several of thicknesses shadowproof constructed The dome

salary for insulting me!"car, resistant, entire glare the of special design, glass heat and and

including the dome,—Photographis airconditioned.courtesy Gabriel Moulin Studios

Correction $ picture of the cast of "Shubert Alley,"presented

First Aid A by the Salt Lake Stake M.I.A., appeared on page

600 of the October 1945, Improvement Era. In error, "Are you taking this course,"asked the first aid instructor,

it was reported that Minnie D. Margetts was the di- "so you'll be able to help if a member of your family is

rector. Lucille B. Petersen of the Twentysecond Ward injured?"

directed the play. "Oh, no,"she replied, "I thought the bandaging would come

in handy when I started wrapping Christmas packages."

CARBON STAKE QUARTERLY CONFERENCE PICTURE OF THE COMBINED CHORUSES OF BEE HIVE GIRLS AND SCOUTS FROM THE ENTIRE STAKE

792 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

ti$t atar wmt before tipm,"Again sweet carols ring across the world, healing the bitter wounds of war... kindling

anew the star of hope.., reechoing the

angel's song. And may the promise made

so long ago be at last fulfilled: That there

shall be, in all the earth, peace and good will toward men.

May it be so in your home and in your life this joyous Christmas time!

f fH>5#i

** \'* wM*H

.

FA V<H*J*ja|!ol $0to Uri&t"*** MO

r >

foNTEED amp.. f"S.lamyl.i, at,. Ut.i. {UTAH tH&u-mjLHGmmhfrGGeorg. Albert Smith, J>r 'f Fygf