THE FULNESS OF THE GOSPEL

PRESIDENT JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH

TREATS FOR FRONT DOOR

GOBLINS BY FLORENCE B. PINNOCK

THE YOUTH SECTION

SPEAK FOR YOURSELF

The Improvement Era October 1960

Lyou ouaht not to

teach even the alphabet

or the multiplication

tabled without the Spirit

of Ljoa

:f

Yesterday's Vision Continues In Balanced Education Today

On Founders Day this nflonth, BYU rededicates itself to the admonition given by Brigham Young to Dr. Karl

G. Maeser, whose statue appears at left, when he took

over Brigham Young Academy 84 years ago. Now it

has grown into one of the great universities of the world, yet this ideal continues as a guiding force for balanced education. Here students receive the deep

training of mind, body, and spirit together in an ideal social climate. Get your education the Y's way. Plan

now to attend. For information write Public Relations

Department.

Brigham Young UNIVERSITY PROVO - UTAH

All the Siilllla1 "FLAVOR; t:5": ';;;!;iip*::*::?ii is not in the soup KH:::;;;''Vi!;:7;

dip, or whatever salad or or::;::;s.::.ii;0::.: 111 (or the cheese

::: I p.lllll:: 11 I Purity) Saltine Crackers by with serve you

I!

JLhe fresh saltine goodness and crackling

BY DR. FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR.

crispness of these famous crackers, add

Ions their own perky touch to your enjoyment of

The effects on humans of ions in the hearty flavors in your favorite soup.

the air have been known and studied When the dish, or the simple snaccalls for for some time. Apparently the number and size of these small particles crackers, taste what a difference

electricwith charges are important Saltines byjPurity makes.

Itin comfort. that -r?——noticed has been

in poorly ventilated rooms the number of small ions decreases and the number of large ions of both positive and negative sign increases. Now

the effect of adding considerable number of ions of one sign is being studied. Using some highvoltage

clinical ionizers it has been found that negatively ionized air proved of value in the early period following operations and in patients with thermal burns by its dryingout deodorizing, sedating, and painreliev- ing quality.

Power from Earth's Heat

Three years ago only Italy had a power plant using the heat of the earth as a source of power, now the

USSR and New Zealand are also producing electricity by this means, with other countries planning similar installations. At Wairakei, New Zealand, the average well depth is 2,000

feet. Wet steam is discharged from

the wells with high intensity. Iceland has long used its geothermic

sources for space heating but they are to be used for salt production At your favorite grocer's from the sea to reduce present salt in 1 and 2 pound cartons imports for the fishing industry.

PURITY BISCUIT COMPANY Salt Lake Phoenix Pocatello

OCTOBER I960 689 The Improvement Era The Voice of the Church

Official organ of the Priesthood

Quorums, Mutual Improvement Associations, Ward Teachers, Music

Committee, Department of Education, and other agencies of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

Contents for October 1960 Volume 63, Number 10

Church Features

Editor's Page: For a Better World, President David O. McKay 702 ART AND PHOTO CREDITS:

Your Question: The Fulness of the Gospel, President Joseph Fielding Smith.... 704 Cover,Church BobInformationTaylor Service, 702703

Kelvin Wallace Coventry, 712713

Douglas Snow, 715716 Church MelchizedekThe On, 700; Moves

Kilbourne, 722723 Priesthood Page, How to Use the K-F-W-Y-F Books, V.Dale Bishopric's Presiding 756.754; Page, Burton, 758 Dave

Era Staff, 689, 692, 706, 708, 711, 71821, 725, 726, 729, 768

Special Features

Baptism in Ancient Israel, Gordon W. Hoagland 706

Charles Anthon and the Egyptian Language, Stanley H. B. Kimball 708

How Much Do You See, Henry H. Graham 711

What They're Doing to Freedom's Face, Kelvin Wallace Coventry 712

I'll Tell the World, Lamont M. Jensen 716

Shakespeare in Early Utah, Leland H. Monson. 718

Misinterpreted Divorce Statistics, Glenn M. Vernon 725

How Carefully Do We Select Teachers for God's Children? Walter E. McPhie 726

THE ERA OF YOUTH Center section between 728 & 729

Letter to Bob, Monte C. Scoville 729

The Spoken Word from Temple Square, Richard L. Evans.... 734, 738, 764, 766

Exploring the Universe, Franklin S. Harris, Jr., 689; These Times: Time, Organization, and the

Free Individual, Homer G. Durham, 692; Letters and Reports, 698.

Today's Family: Florence B. Pinnock, Editor

Treats for Front Door Goblins 758

The Last Word 768

Stories, Poetry

Where the Heart Is, Marvel S. Crookston 715

Stranger in the Land—Part I, Joan Tingey Essig 722

Poetry 696, 710, 728, 740, 744

The Improvement Era Offices, 50 North Main Street, Salt Lake City, 11, Utah the cover:

The rich, full colors of the brilliant as serve a season autumn L. Evans, Editor; Editors; Kichaud andDavid O. Editor; Associate Managing Doyle Elizabeth Marba Managing

reflective for the but McKayEditor; Editorial Editor; Editor; Albert G. Kinneab, Today's Pinnock, L.JohnGreen, C. FlorenceJosephson, Family MarionJ. D.MoFriTT,Hanks, backdrop

Editor; Youth Editor; Associate Gannon,Jb., Research Directors. ProductionThe Era ElaineL. Zoiiell, The Era of of Youth of Art Reynolds RalphAssociate; and En Maryon,B. today. forwardlooking youth

Archibald F. Bennett, G. Homer Durham, Franklin S. Harris, Jr., Milton R. Hunter, Hugh Nibley, Sidney B. Sperry, Contributing Editors. The photography is the work of

ThayerJoseph T,Evans,Bentley,RegionalGeneralAdvertisingManager; Representative,Bertha S. Relder, Associate General Manager; Verl F. Scott, Business Manager; A. Glen Snarr, Subscription Director; Bob Taylor.

Inc., Funds,Copyright and of of the Christ I960 by Mutual Associations Latterday published by the Church of Jesus Mutual Improvement Saints. AH rights

reserved. Subscription price year, special subscriptions, foreign $3.00 a for issues. in advance; except single copy, in advance; $3.50 a year, 50c

Entered Of Octoberat 1917,the PostauthorizedOffice, JulySalt 2,Lake1918.City, Utah as secondclass matter. Acceptance for mailing at special rate of postage provided for in section 1103. Act

ImprovementThe a word and must beEraaccompaniedis not responsibleby sufficientfor unsolicitedpostage formanuscriptsdelivery andbut return.welcomes contributions. Manuscripts are paid for on acceptance at the rate of l'Ac Cover lithographed in full color

Thirty days'cannotchanges noticebe madeis requiredunless thefor oldchangeaddressof address.as well as Whenthe neworderingone is included.a change, please include address slip from a recent issue of the magazine. Address by Deseret News Press.

690 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Here is a readable, understandable encyclopedia containing over 2,000 topics on L.D.S. doctrine, history and geography. Drawing upon

the Standard Works, writings of General Authorities, and the findings of many religious scholars, this authoritative volume puts vital, concise information right at your fingertips. In addition to being a superb

reference work, it stands as a fine guide to living the gospel. $5.00

By Sidney B. Sperry

The vita! and essential gospel truths contained in the Doctrine and

Covenants are discussed and summarized by Dr. Sperry in such a way

as to bring enlightenment to ail who read this scholarly abridgement.

Missionaries, teachers, scholars and leaders will find the numerous sidelights a great help in explaining the historical, doctrinal and linguistic phases of this Standard Work. $5.95

OCTOBER 1960——Here's These Times

where your Grocery Dollar II goes at AFEWAY

is the housewife Mrs. American Time, Organization, grocery business. of the bossbig

What she wants, she gets, at the price she is willing to pay. Today the big boss demands a and the Free Individual

builtin of with varietygreat foods BY DR. G. DURHAM HOMER saves that time andconvenience

STATE UNIVERSITY AT TEMPE ARIZONA effort the PRESIDENT, along with in preparation finest quality at the lowest price.

She gets it.

of takes only today Food 16% resolu- "in the that argued indifor is the outlook the Whyte What disposable income,our compared of such tion of dilemmas a multitude this of age communism, in to vidual ago, years the twenty based on23%... of individualism real issue the worldorganization, largescale and of food. quantity type andsame

Even with our demand for more wide threats of authoritarian preslies today."

and better foods, the percentage of sure? Here are some rather narrow A significant front on which to

expenditures is only 22%. This trebut technical views. view this battle of man "against ormendous improvement in eating at In that stimulating and provocative ganization,"as well as viewing the

isa lower of percentage cost for organization, necessity need and Organization Man, The due volume, to the in miracles achieved meritself. is of Rather in time the field reJr., H. Whyte, (1956), Williamchandising distribution of food. and "fight"to the individual forcing than of the "the problem that marked 18 only of centsToday our food

its beneorganization—including the is authority someversus individualdollar goes into handling costs compared to 25 cents some 30 years ago. thing of a dilemma. It is not a case ficence—it may be time for organizaHere's where your food dollar of whether he should fight against tion to reckon with the fact that all

goes organization necessarily at Safeway: when you shop is not trail time or blaze a new tyranny black

1 to farmers, 82( should organization time. growers, That procwould That patent stupidity. against

essors, manufacturers be easy—intellectually, at least. The recognize nonorganization time, in

9 for wages, vacations, sick real issue is far more subtle. For it the interests of organization and the

leave, insurance, etc. is not the evils of organization life individuals comprising it, is the

6 for rent, utilities, supplies, that puzzle him, but its very benethesis of this paper.

etc. ficence. He is imprisoned in broth- A great deal of attention is given

1 3A(- for federal, state and erhood."to the management of men, matelocal taxes and licenses Further, "We do need to know rials, and supplies in the field of

%$ set aside for expansion how to cooperate with The Organadministrative organization. The adand improvements ization but, more than ever, so do we ministration of time is equally signifiVi$ paid out to shareholders need to know how to resist it.... cant. It tends to be taken for granted

for use of their money Time and place are critical and hisdespite many "time and motion

That's why you always get the tory has taught us that a philosophical studies,"the use of payroll reporting, most for your money at Safeway... individualism can venerate conflict time clocks, the rationalization of

FRIEND OF THE FAMILY too much and cooperation too little."sick, vacation, consulting, other types

FRIEND OF THE FARMER "... we have gone very far afield, of leaves, and so forth. There are

and in our attention to making orundoubtedly other elements of this ganization work we have come close important ingredient. To call atto defying it.... The more power tention to the general problem,

therefore, may elicit more study of it. SAFEWAY organization has over him, the more

he needs to recognize the area where The fortyhour week, the eighthe must assert himself against it."hour day, the relief breaks—forenoon

692 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Work where you want to live!

A great surge of industrial development has enabled many Utaheducated people and others

Who have roots in the Intermountain area to return "home"and work where they want to live. Thiokol Chemical Corporation may offer As a result of three years of highly successful

you the opportunity to work in an industry research and development work on the USAF that is modern and challenging. MINUTEMAN ICBM, Thiokol is expanding operaIn addition, life in the rapidlygrowing

Northern Utah communities surrounding tions in the picturesque Brigham City, Utah

Thiokoi's operations offers many advantages in area.

recreation, education, and in stimulating

I community activities. For specific information on what Thiokol has to

Employment opportunities are available now offer you, please send complete resume to:

in the following fields:

INSTRUMENTATION AND ELECTRONICS ENGINEERS CHEMISTS

EQUIPMENT DESIGN ENGINEERS ROCKET DESIGN ENGINEERS

QUALITY CONTROL ENGINEERS AND STATISTICIANS

FIELD LIAISON ENGINEERS INDUSTRIAL ENGINEERS

BUSINESS DATA PROGRAMMERS SCIENTIFIC AND

ENGINEERS PROCESS ENGINEERS CHEMICAL CORPORATION TOOL AND MANUFACTURING

FACILITIES, DESIGN AND CONSTRUCTION ENGINEERS UTAH DIVISION—WASATCH DIVISION

INSTRUMENTATION INSPECTORS PRODUCTION FOREMAN

MATHEMATICIANS AND STATISTICIANS LOGISTICAL SUPPORT Box X35

PROPOSALS SPECIALISTS RELIABILITY ENGINEERS Personnel Office: 120 South Main Street

FIELD SERVICE ENGINEERS PROJECT LIAISON ENGINEERS Brigham City, Utah

OCTOBER 1960 693 Five important ne

Answers to Gospel Questions

V Uli 111 Joseph Fielding Smith

This newest volume in a significant series contains over fifty questions, many of which come from President Smith's private file and have never appeared in print before. They

include answers on: The Present Status of the Lamanites

Salvation of Women whose Husbands Will Not Embrace the Gospel

What is a Testimony?

"Bias Is Noah"A Mother in Heaven Those who read, enjoyed, and discovered answers to many perplexing questions in Volumes I and II, will find this new volume equally challenging and rewarding.

2.50 President David O. McKay's

newest writings—

Secrets of a Happy Life David 0. McKay

Selected and organized by Llewelyn R. McKay

People of all ages, faiths, and walks of life will be deeply impressed and motivated by this absorbing book on man's quest for happiness and how he may obtain it President McKay goes to the very heart of the situation as he shares with everyone his experiences and views on the home, marriage, education, religion and government. He explores the reasons for

hate, war, greed and selfishness and shows how they can be offset with love, peace, faith, reverence and tolerance. He summarizes all his views in the final

chapter and gives ten sources of happiness. Readers

will find this new book extremely easyto-read, holding one's interest from first page to last. ft?

Publication dote: October 1, I960

Published nationally by PrenticeHall, Inc. 3.50

w books by General Authorities

Toward a Better Life Mark E. Petersen

A choice collection of Conference Addresses, speeches, and articles by Elder Petersen on a multitude of subjects that will have strong appeal to all readers, young and old. It includes:

"On My Honor"(talk given at April General Conference, 1960)

Companionship in the Home * "Train Up A Child"

Carry Over and Carry On In Defense of Liberty

What Makes a Man and thirtythree additional titles

3.50

Publication dafe: October 6, I960

So Shall Ye Reap Ezra Taft Benson Ezra Taft Benson speaks as statesman, Church man, and Secretary of Agriculture in this new book, So

Shall Ye Reap, a compilation of some of his salient addresses as a member of the Council of the Twelve, as a Cabinet member, and as a leader of farmers'cooperative organizations. In addition, Elder Benson

includes admonitions to youth and parents, encouraging the building of strong homes basic to building a strong nation. >| nc

3. TRUE TO THE FAITH B.Lee ii DcsorGtiMBooh Co.'

East South Temple - Salt Lake City. Utah Elder Lee directs young 44

people, frustrated and discouraged by the materialistic Deseret Book Company philosophies of our time, back 44 East South Temple, Salt Lake City, Utah to the pure and timeless Laws Gentlemen:

of God in this heartto-heart Enclosed you will find check money order talk. Simply and sincerely I have an account. Please charge. Amount enwritten in the language of closed for encircled (numbered) books:

youth, it offers hope and 3 4 5 salvation. Name 12

.50 Address.

City Zone State.

Residents of Utah include 2'/4% sales tax.

BENNETT'S and afternoon, are familiar phenomorganization time. Management in

is concerned with of KriliKote organization.ena in the formalThe administrationaspect of everyof modernsocial environment.society The ecology

INSTANT PAINT timevolvesin (a)organization,the formal therefore,hours of theintheadministrationparks and playgroundsincludes the whichslums lieor organization, and (b) the informal outside the company's property. But

hours of the organization, or the free the free time spent thereon by the time of all its members (defined as staff should be viewed, organizaoccurring during the formal hours,) tionally, as a nonorganization matand (c) the total free or other time ter.

remaining, or the nonorganization In viewing the relations of free time. It is the hypothesis of this and captive (organization formal)

paper that a company or administrative agency may properly view the informal and the nonorganization time of its staff in relation to planning and programing the formal time. It

has been demonstrated that the period, the sick vacation hour, lunch "break,"the GARDEN GATE leave, the leave, funeral holiday weekend, and so forth have

JUST OPEN AND STIR great significance. There are 168 BY VIOLET M. ROBERTS

hours in every week. If the formal

hours less allowances (40 - x) are subtracted from 168, then the organ- I think of it kindly:

ization may well view the use of the Our old garden gate, remaining 128 hours as an important adjunct in relationship, which has Which heard whispered secrets direct bearing on the 40 hours of Right after a date.

organization time, formal or informal.

But this time, the thesis further conIt creaked on its hinges, tends, should be viewed as the completely free and private domain of But never a word the individual if these remaining 128 Did it ever relate hours a week are to best serve the organization. Of love it had heard.

The importance of free time, of leisure to pursue hobbies, personal

PAINT YOUR ROOM enrichment and interests, family affairs, and other matters has long been demonstrated in our industrial society. The relationship of this time

to individual satisfactions, to inditime, we must face twin fallacies.

vidual growth and development, to The first fallacy is that "there is the general social situation, is rather plenty of time."The second fallacy,

obvious. often repeated in organization, is

A critical point for modern manthat "there is not enough time."In

agement is to recognize the dangers considering these fallacies, it may be which accrue to "organization formal well to point out that from the standtime"if the importance of the free point of the individual, there is not time of each individual outside of plenty of time. Life and the ability

organization time is not recognized. to work and to enjoy the fruits of

It would be disastrous for any orlabor is limited. Life and time come

ganization to attempt to schedule, to an end for the individual. On the

CLEAN UP WITH WATER plan, shape, or in any way appear to same thesis that "there is plenty of does organization as such an Intime,"time. control nonorganizational

Easier painting! No solvents. fumes. No No mess.

is plenty. This measure a rights have privacy of the terference of with

Bennett's (if KriliKote ready thinto use comes its fact of corporate the civilized due to prized ("the right most by isning desired, just water). a rich walls add Gives

flat finish, cures to a tough film that's washable. man") and the many freedoms and (hence timeless legal) existence;

1,322 Colorizer colors! liberties supporting our entire social and the continuation of the legal

structure should be resisted. The fiction of the corporate or agency

justification for administrative conenterprise without relationship to the cern with "free time"is only to unlives of the individuals involved.

derstand the relationship between Johnson dies or retires. But the ForGobuzem the formal and informal hours of the est Service or General Motors goes

organization, and the remaining nonon.65 W. 1st South PAINTS 21st So. & 2nd West Bennett's Branches

and Dealers in the Intermountain Area and So. California

696 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA With respect to the second fallacy, that there is never enough time, it would seem to be a factual statementthat most of us are less effective in on lose the time we have than we might be.

With proper environment, preparation, training, and adequate care, there is sufficient time for most individuals to do the necessary tasksbefore them. "Sufficient to the day is with SURE MEAL

the evil thereof."This biblical

maxim indicates that there is, in a sense, plenty of time. But an organization's time, as is often said, S Control

"is money."The organization does Your Weight

not have plenty of time in this sense. Reduce When you have

The bidimensional discussion of with siredreachedweight, yourcontinuedethese twin fallacies relates only to SURE MEAL to use one Sure Meal once each day this will ofthe time problem the during—

It's safe sure! and help you to maintain a good of theformal organization. hours It calorie your nutritional balance also and help

lies the additional intakeBeyond maintaincon- to you keep—cutswhile the intake of calories

temporary challenge of the coexist- ing your vigor and health under control. If you gain with

ence of free and leisure time whether through proper nutrition. one Sure Meal, you can cut the

calories is in your Sure a scientifically ordinary meals orin of the organization. or outside use else! two or three planned Sure Meals a day Mealfood—nothing

for short organization periods to Beyond time lie the bring about rapidly or slowly can reduce You the control it you when use withnecessary Sure—for sleep, can required hours Meal You—

, there's Meal countno lost until 3 times you a day have you—want care,meals, personal movement to I all for done you! all \\ inguse substantial part the or a of Surecalories—it's work.and from the Beyond beckon lose. to weight you want

hours for which all human beings For best long range results use work and strive, namely "their free Sure Meal twice a day with skim time."Whether this is used for milk or powdered milk and have

calorie each meal low one other reading,newspaper TV viewing, off until taken have you the '.concern with family problems to lose. wish over weightday, you

three or four generations of coexisting individuals in a group, household repairs and maintenance, church and civic service, entertainment of friends and business associates, the challenge of free time Feel \ Save Money remains. This is part of the time Better Sure Meal costs less than the ordiit nary replaces, meal constitutional at libertywhich and the free and weight I no had

time, same can you sure the be Ienterprise, entheir but with doctrines problem, of will meal be nutritiously sound. just Meal Sure joythe value the individual indiand of serving of One oz.) Sure Meal use I it's 3/4 good. because creativity, celebrate.vidual 1 when with mixed cup (of milk \ regularly breakfast it for

will furnish the individual normal along drink as a sometimes and creative Despite paraand work with essential the food elements. to It helps meals. other with mydisiacal for of views organization time, one complete meal consisting essential the with body supply my of meat, vegetables, bread butandindividuals truly cannot develop minvitamins and elements, food

ter, beverage. and a pep. for I more that needed erals to a chained group, voluntarywhen

or is involuntary. Loneliness—you but "I feel better with Sure Meal."

\ I canIf youaffordcan SUREafford MEAL!to eatthe aggravated form conof the true

dition of the individual, who, as

Aristotle said, is gregarious, but nevertheless an individual.

If you just want to try SURE MEAL, send for the 20meal size. But if you

The modern human being, in modern society, has need to become an have a lot of weight to lose, order the economical 40meal size at only $9.00,

"innerdirected"person. Everything or the case of 6-40meal containers for only $45.00.

in society, including his work, conspires to make him an "otherdi- rected"person. The creative talents Don Lyman & Associates I may be interested in selling SURE MEAL [

E. 9th 1087 South forces alland upon which of us Phone EM 3-9674 City, Salt Utah Free Delivery Lakedepend innerthe emerge from

Vanilla Defatted Chocolate Please senddirected politiperson. runs So our

cal, religious, and economic doctrine. SURE MEAL Bland Butterscotch fj Maple

"The kingdom of heaven is within 20 Meal Size $ 4.75 fj Name

you."40 Meal Size 9.00 Address

6-40 Meal Size (Case).... 45.00 City and State

OCTOBER I960 697 Letters and Reports

Wav&tyip in comfort with individual seating by More and more HEYWOOD-,1 places of worship 'WAKEFIELD are featuring individual comfort and privacy with HeywoodWakefield seating. Tastefully designed and

manufactured to highest quality standards, chairs are available with a variety of hymnal racks and aisle ends adapted to your specific requirements. Write for folder illustrating many models. Pictured above from left to right: Gayle, Marsha, and Phyllis Lyman of Union Stake,

HEYWOODWAKEFIELD COMPANY LaGrande, Oregon

Church Seating Division MENOMINEE, MICHIGAN These three girls have a total of 16 years Church of Jesus Christ of perfect attendance at all three of their Latterday Saints meetings, Sacrament, Sunday School, and Great Falls Stake M Men

MIA. Phyllis has 4 years perfect attendance and Gleaner Council

at all three meetings, Marsha has 5 years Great Falls, Montana perfect attendance with the exception of 1 meeting, Gayle has 7 years perfect attendDear Brother Hanks and Sister Cannon, ance with the exception of 1 meeting. Congratulations to you on the new "ERA

These girls are the daughters of Ida N. OF YOUTH"section of the Improvement

Lyman, LaGrande, Oregon. Their father Era. It was enjoyed by all M Men and

passed away four months before Phyllis Gleaners in this stake. Our sincere best

was born. wishes for continued success in the future.

We look forward, with much enthusiasm, to all future editions.

Sincerely, Larry J. Maness

quality Council President copper printing Cardston, Alberta, Canada

Dear Editors, plates Dear Friends: As long as I am writing to ask you to

color process I am the librarian in our public library, change my address, I would like to take and I always feel a sense of pride as I this opportunity to thank you for all the or black stamp our Era each month and lay it on pleasure that I have received from your

I can't magazine. pick out any certain fear—anyit all. thing. I enjoy and filled & white theone rack.who readsThereit willis nothingbe edifiedto

spiritually. There is nothing obscene or The two dear missionaries, who condestructive to the reader. When I put out verted me to this Church, two years and

even the best magazines of the world, I nine months ago, gave me my first year's hesitate and wonder if there is anything subscription to the Era. I haven't missed a

harmful there. I am thankful for our copy since. Quite a few times I've had a

leaders who serve so diligently in teaching question in my own mind about something, us. It has been my love for our Church then, lo and behold, the answer would

literature that has made me a teacher of come through in "Your Question."This

truth and light. magazine helps to strengthen my faith in

Thank you for the splendid magazine the Church.

you publish.... Thank you for your consideration and

help in this matter.

Sincerely, Sincerely, Mrs. Myrtle G. Olson Mrs. Thomas Travers

RICHMOND 92396 IV&'vl—CALL COLLECT R<>SEIENGRAVING COMPANY

or write 1242 Santee St., Los Angeles 15, Calif.

698 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Start your membership with

New South Wales, Australia sm

Dear Editors:

As you see I'm a Latterday Saint from many miles abroad. Distance doesn't seem

to matter where Saints are concerned. We

all seem to enjoy the Era. When I went

nursing up country, I thought I would be forgotten but I received the Era to help keep in touch with other Saints in differentplaces. I still receive them from many Book

different places and send them on farther.

surprised You'd it does be how much to contact us in Saintskeep with near and add LDS books far and and helps us keep faith and love. Many

of the elders talk about how much your magazine has helped them in their veryimportant work. your library regularly

It's good to hear from other Saints who write to the Era and know just how we are all family joined in God's through this Just i.P.$ inference If the prmtf,

faith, love, true the understanding, and and imeyciopedie of will be the meif Over 2,000 topics on gospel.wonderful again you and Thank

versatile books and God bless you, your writers, and the veluobfemay in your More than 500 pages

Siibrory. Standard Based em themagazine.

Works, Church hSstfyf rid the writ* Authoritative

Sincerely yours, iffiigs of Church Authorities end

Rochelle (Rowie) Steenbeck fiiimmerous scholars, it provides in U BiographicalDoctrinal ghebetieol order, answers to hundreds HistoricalGeographical

I questions. It sells for $5.00.

FPO, New York

Dear Editors:

like I would to inform you of my new SAVE UP T( ZUtik With evry four books you buy you receive...address.

I would also like to add that I enjoy fifth book free... book you will select from a long list of choice bonus books

The Improvement Era very much and look provided. Thus you get five books for the price of four.

forward to getting it. It answers a lot of

the problems I am forced to cope with and helps me to put up with some of the thingsthat surround me. HOW Fill out the blank below and mail it with your check

I'm sure that personnel in the service r money order. Each month you will receive reviews of several carefully selected

to like the Era receive wouldwho give soaks. If you wish the top book you do nothing—it will be sent postpaid along thanks again the and back a pat onyou all

for the wonderful articles which are in the with a statement. If you do not want the book, return the postcard provided for

magazine. for none t II). Purchase as few as one book every three months

? keep your membership active.

Yours truly, Kenneth Larson MAIL TODAY

La Mesa, Calif. LDS BOOKS CLUB

Dear Brethren: P.O. Box 385, Salt Lake City 7, Utah

Please renew our Era subscription for ( ) Please send more information.

two more years. Our family enjoys this Please enroll me as a member of the LDS

publication very much. Books Club and send me the new L.D.S.

The cover is always beautiful, and the Reference Encyclopedia.

two issues that bring us the general conference addresses are worth many times Name the price of a single yearly subscription price. Inspiration and education fill each c

issue abundantly.

State Thank you for a wonderful monthly Books "i Amount of check or money order enclosedexperience. f

Sincerely H. W. Stokes yours, rJ JU ta*L r%I If (Utahyou doresidentsnot wishaddto mutilate2Vz% salesthistax.)page,

send information on separate sheet.

OCTOBER 1960 699 The Church Moves On

ELECTRIC

WATER July 1960 HEATER Approximately five thousand LDS Scouts and scouters attended the National Boy Scout Jamboree held near Colorado

Springs, Colorado. Among the general officers of the Church

LIVE BETTER attending were Elder Mark E. Petersen of the Council of the

ELECTRICALLY Twelve,Primary GeneralYMMIAPresidentGeneral LaVernSuperintendentW. Parmley.Joseph... TheT. Bentley,LDS Churchand

with FULL received the first church charter issued by the Boy Scouts of

America. The "partnership"began in 1913. HOUSEPOWER

UTAH POWER & LIGHT CO. Weeklong celebrations featuring parades, rodeos, cultural,

and religious gatherings extending through the 24th and culminating on July 25th, featured the 113th anniversary of the coming of the Utah Pioneers to the valleys of the mountains....

a Saturday. 24, 1847 The first religious services held in was July Order Today 25, 1847. the valley on were July

GRIND YOUR OWN FLOUR & CEREAL with this sturdy August 1960 More people than ever before enjoyed this year's three perWHEAT MILL formances of the sacred pageant Americas Witness for Christ,

Than More in at York. This presented the Hill Cumorah upstate New

12,000 It there presented constantly in 1937. Sold pageant, improved, was first to Date

ONLY hamis givenYoungyearlyUniversity.by a cast of Theremissionariesis someand byevidencestudentsthatfromsacredBrig-

$695 pageants were presented at the Hill Cumorah in the late 1920's.

POSTPAID Toronto (Canada) Stake, the three hundredth stake of the

ANYWHERE IN Church now functioning, was organized from portions of the

AMERICA Canadian Mission by Elder Mark E. Petersen of the Council

of the Twelve and Elder Alma Sonne, Assistant to the Council of the Twelve. Elder William M. Davies was sustained as president

Mill cracks or grinds wheat, corn and all with Elders Cecil H. Tayler and Elden C. Olsen as counselors.

grains. IVi soft kinds Grinds of or hard

... Wards are Toronto Second, Oshawa, Hamilton, Kitchener, and St. flour per minute. of cereal or pounds

Fully guaranteed by Pehrson's. Catherines. Branches are Brantford, Welland, and Gait. NinetySPECIAL PRICES TO LDS GROUPS four percent of the stake's 2303 proposed membership attended

the Sunday morning conference session; in the afternoon, the perPlease send me one Wheat Mill. Enclosed is centage of attendance was ninetyone. The area is rich in early

$6.95 (check or money order.) Church history. In 1833 the Prophet Joseph Smith and Elder

Name... Sidney Rigdon were in Brantford, Ontario. In 1836 Elder Parley P.

Address Pratt went, in fulfilment of prophecy, to Toronto, where he conCity tacted John Taylor, who later became President of the Church. In

State 1837 the Prophet Joseph and Elders Rigdon and Thomas B. Marsh

visited Toronto.

PEHRSON HARDWARE 2102 SOUTH 11th EAST SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

700 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

r v

Mie oc/dktit/wb..

MlmetwtJi tm?

tion that men and women in the age of space exploration and atom cracking must |||: ask themselves. But the

answer depends, of course, upon the tradition to be preserved.

So... is our American heritage of family Bible reading

worth preservation? Yes!

Because peace on earth begins at home. No man is an

island. Each man is a part

of mankind. And all of us

can do our parts to preserve and enjoy our Christian heritage.

The Columbia Research Group TALKING BIBLE... The Holy Bible is a haven of peace, inspiration, and

handsomely bound... quality recorded. Hours of joy. The Bible should be a part of our family life...

inspiration and pleasure for your family. The complete and the Book of Books traditionally belongs in the

King James Version of the New Testament for only family. The family which lives with the Scriptures is

$34.95. Less than $1.00 per record! Or send $9.95 to the family which will live by the Scriptures. The Holy

Columbia Research Group. You will receive the album Bible brings its message of faith to the family that will

and two records. The remaining records will be sent listen.

for $1.00 a week plus postage and handling. And now, Columbia Research Group presents the

COLUMBIA RESEARCH GROUP is Utah's new and proTALKING BIBLE... the new way to give your family—

gressive company. The Group has allied itself with and yourself—the peace, joy, and inspiration which our

America's educational future by using the magic of Holy Bible offers.

recordings to bring education and enlightened entertainment to the nation. If you would like more details

about Columbia Research Group, please write or call. MAIL ORDER FORM

Interest in this new firm is interest in the future of our Check amone: interested in the Columbia Research Group idea,

nation. ( ) Please send more details about the Talking Bible.

( ) Please send information about other Columbia Research Group

A TRADITIONAL AMERICAN REPLY TO AN OLD QUES- ( ) Enclosedproducts. is a check or money order for $34.95. AAy Talking

to Bible will mailed be me immediately.TION... Is tradition worth preserving? That is a quesis ) Enclosed or a check money order for $9.95. This amount

is down payment on the Talking Bible. I will receive the

I will pay $1.00 per weekAvailable also at albumplus postageplus theandfirsthandlingtwo records.for the records. remaining

Research Group

Street ZCMI and AUERBACH'S Clip and mail to 3600ColumbiaMarket

Salt Lake City Salt Lake City 4, Utah

COLUMBIA RESEARCH GROUP NameAddress

Street Market 3600 Salt City 4, Lake Utah City State.

OCTOBER I960 701 ver since man was given dominion over the world, the inhabitants of the earth have sensed the need of betterment, and leaders have sought to improve conditions. Men

have ever been prone, however, to look upon their particular generation as having probably the most difficult problems in history, and the prospects ahead as most discouraging; for example, note the following:

ft "It is a gloomy moment in history. Not for many years, not in the lifetime of

most men who read this, has there been so much grave and deep apprehension.

Never has the future seemed so incalculable as at this present time."ft That

was written over one hundred years ago in Harper's Weekly, 1857! In every

age of the world's history, thinking people have been dissatisfied with their current social and economic conditions and have sought for remedial changes.

ft Our present age is no exception. Humanity is passing through one of its most

crucial experiences. We are in the midst of a revolution both of thought and

mode of life. Beliefs of parents are questioned; old ideals are in the discard.

Communism, socialism, totalitarianism are giving birth to new conceptions that strike relentlessly at beliefs and teachings that were accepted not long ago as fundamental and unassailable. ft Moral and religious skepticism is too greatly

apparent, and political chicanery, fraud, and civic unrighteousness all too common.

emocracy, as exemplified in the United States

Editor's Page and the British Commonwealth of Nations, has successfully withstood the battling horrors of two world wars, and now after a few years since the end of World War II, the headlines are, almost daily, black with worldshaking threats and counterthreats as crisis follows crisis. ft If the world would be at peace, it must supplant the rule of force

by the rule of love. The scriptures tell us that in the beginning Satan proffered

to force all men into subjection to the will of God. By compulsion he would

save every person, and for so doing he asked that the honor and the glory that are the Lord's should be his. ft There is an example of dictatorship supreme!

ft In contrast to this, the Lord's plan was to give men their free agency. ft A man

may act as his conscience dictates so long as he does not infringe upon the rights of others. That is the spirit of true democracy. ft There are four fundamental

institutions upon which our success and happiness depend: first, the home; second,

BY PRESIDENT the church; third, the school; fourth, the government. ft The foundation and

DAVID O. MCKAY future of our nation depend upon proper home training. In the home we give

to our children their physical life and should give them their spiritual enlightenment, ft The church should supplement that training, and instil faith in the hearts of the children who come from those homes. ft The main purpose

of the school is to develop character, to develop loyalty to the government, loyalty FOR A to the home, loyalty to the individual. ft It is the duty of the government to

protect these three fundamental institutions in the fulfilment of their missionnot to dictate, but to protect and guide. ft Peace is not found in selfishness

but in striving to help make the world better and happier. ft In naming someBETTER essentials of a better world, I call attention, first, to the need of having more

governments that derive their authority from the consent of the governed. A

better world demands a free and educated electorate. However, a better world

is dependent not so much upon the kind of government as upon the character ofWORLD

the men who compose the government. fl If we would have a better world,

it is evident that hatred, jealousy, envy, and selfishness must be replaced by wholesome, kindly thoughts and emotions. Ideals are stimulants to progress.

Without them men would degenerate. Through hope, ideals, and aspirations

God inspires men to move upward and onward toward the higher and better life. f Today, the world yearns for peace, the winning of which seems to be

more difficult than the winning of war. fl No peace, even though temporarily

obtained, will be permanent unless it is built upon the solid foundation of eternal principles. fl The first of these the Lord gave to Moses on Mount Sinai: "Thou

shalt have no other gods before me."(Ex. 20:3.) Consider what that means.

When we sincerely accept God as our Father and make him the center of our being, we become conscious of a new aim in life. No longer is the chief end of

daily life merely to nourish and to pamper the body as all animals do. Spiritual

attainment, not physical indulgence, becomes the chief goal. God is not viewed

from the standpoint of what we may get from him, but what we may give to him. Only in the complete surrender of our inner life may we rise above the

selfish, sordid pull of nature. Divine and eternal as an element in the acquisition

of peace is Christ's admonition, "... seek ye first the kingdom of God and his

righteousness."(Matt. 6:33.)

f equal importance is the acceptance of the

Son of God as the Savior of mankind.

fl Those were not mere words of defiance which Peter uttered as he and John stood as prisoners. He proclaimed an eternal

truth when he said: "... for there is none

other name under heaven given among men, whereby we must be saved."(Acts 4:12.) f I like to associate with that word

saved the power that man gets in this life to rise above his animal instincts and passions, power to overcome or resist social evils that blight men's and women's souls and shuts them out not only from the peace of the world but also from citizenship in the kingdom of God. Men may yearn for peace, cry for peace, and

work for peace, but there will be no peace until they follow the path pointed out by the Living Christ. fl A third essential to our peace of mind and eventually to the

peace of nations, is to keep confidence in our fellow men. You say, "How can we

keep confidence when men are so corrupt?"I answer that even if two or three, or

even a score of men prove themselves dishonest and wicked, we are not justified in losing confidence in all men. Most people are honorable and upright and

desirous generally to deal considerately and justly with their fellow men. f Even

if the international leaders of a nation or of five nations disavow their Creator, and even deny the Christ who redeemed them, let us remember that ten times that number of nations still profess to believe in God and in individual freedom.

|f To these principles—faith in God, acceptance of Christ as the Savior of men,

confidence in our fellow men—I shall add a fourth fundamental principle and

responsibility: the gift of free agency—a gift second in preciousness only to life

itself. j[ To curtail evil, to spread love and peace, brotherly kindness throughout

the world is our paramount duty. If we would face the future, no matter what

it may be, with calmness of spirit, with an assurance that God governs in the affairs of men, let us as individuals and as a group live exemplary lives. |[Let

us see to it that the social evils now rampant in the world that bring such sorrow and degradation to mankind, that spread sorrow and misery throughout the world, are reduced to a minimum in our own communities.

OCTOBER I960 703 Question: "In one of our meetings recently dispensation. Neither would this statement imply

the question arose in relation to the following statethat every truth belonging to the celestial kingdom ment in the Doctrine and Covenants, section 20, verses and exaltation therein was to be found within the 8 to 10. covers of the Book of Mormon. There are many

"'And gave him power from on high, by the means truths belonging to the exaltation that have not been which were before prepared, to translate the Book revealed, nor will they be revealed to man while he of Mormon; is in mortality. We must concede it to be a fact that

''Which contains a record of a fallen people, and there are many things related to the exaltation which the fulness of the gospel of Jesus Christ to the Gentiles cannot be received now and do not concern mortal and to the Jews also; man. These truths were not given to the Nephites;

"'Which was given by inspiration, and is confirmed neither can they be given to us in this present day, to others by the ministering of angels, and is declared for they do not in any way apply to the needs of the to the world by them'mortal condition, nor could we comprehend them "One of the brethren felt that there was an error while we are in mortality. These things belong to

in this statement because there was no reference in the kingdom of God and will be revealed to those who the Book of Mormon to temple ordinances as well attain to their celestial exaltation. Paul has given us

as to other things essential to our salvation and the the key to this situation in the following words writsalvation of the dead. Our instructor replied that ten to the Corinthian members of the Church:

undoubtedly the fulness of the gospel would be found "I knew a man in Christ above fourteen years ago in that part of the plates which have not yet been (whether in the body, I cannot tell; or whether out of

translated, but this explanation was not satisfactory the body, I cannot tell: God knoweth;) such an one

to the members of the class. Will you please help us caught up to the third heaven.

to a better understanding?""And I knew such a man, ( whether in the body, or

Answer: It is out of the body, I cannot tell: God knoweth;)

in order for the mem- "How that he was caught up into paradise, and bers of the class to heard unspeakable words, which it is not lawful for 1Your Question seek for a better an- a man to utter."

ANSWERED BY swer. It is rather It is evident that there are many things that belong

FIELDING SMITHJOSEPH THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE strange that one to the exaltations which are reserved for immortalPRESIDENT OF would consider that glorified souls. The fulness of the gospel then, as

THE FULNESS thean untruthLord hadwhenstatedgivenceexpressedto theinprinciplesthe Doctrineof salvationand Covenants,by which haswe attainreferunto this glory. Therefore the Lord has revealed inOF THE GOSPEL ing this revelation. It

is not the Lord who the Book of Mormon all that is needful to direct is at fault, but the fault of those who question this people who are willing to hearken to its precepts, to a statement. Now should there be in the minds of any fulness of the blessings of the kingdom of God. The

member the thought that Joseph Smith had deceived Book of Mormon then, does contain all the truths the people by recording something in the name of which are essential for Gentiles and Jews or any other the Lord which was not in full accord with the facts? people, to prepare them for this glorious exaltation in

Let us take a more careful and prayerful view, and the celestial kingdom of God.

we will discover that there is no error in the revelaIt is beyond dispute, or should be, that the Book tion but that the Lord declared that which is true. of Mormon teaches that the first principles of the gospel

First of all, let us consider what the Lord means are, faith in God; repentance from sin; baptism for

by "a fulness of the gospel."He did not mean to the remission of sins; the gift of the Holy Ghost,

convey the impression that every truth belonging to obedience to divine law and that man cannot be saved exaltation in the kingdom of God had been delivered in ignorance of these divine truths. It teaches that

to the Nephites and was recorded in the Book of "wickedness never was happiness,"and that no man

Mormon, to be delivered to Gentiles and Jews in this 12 Cor. 12:2-4.

704 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA can be saved without repentance of sin. The Lord when they died, from the time of Adam down to the

said in very definite terms to his disciples: present time. We have been taught that this is our

"... no unclean thing can enter into his kingdom; responsibility and that the Lord in his due time, after

therefore nothing entereth into his rest save it be those we have done all in our power, will make it possible who have washed their garments in my blood, because by revelation for the salvation of all the worthy dead of their faith, and the repentance of all their sins, and through all ages of time. The great work of the

their faithfulness unto the end."2 millennium will be this labor.

In the Book of Mormon we find the clearest stateThis criticism here raised by a member of the class, ment on the resurrection of the dead ever revealed to has come up for discussion periodically in past years.

man. Let it be remembered that there are some truths Can we not put an end to this fruitless and unnecessary

made manifest in our sacred covenants, that are not discussion? Several years ago President Charles W.

intended for the world. These, naturally, do not apPenrose in a general conference of the Church gave

pear in the Book of Mormon. The Savior taught his expression to the following words:

disciples many things which they were not to reveal "Now, some of our brethren have taken up quite a to the world which belong solely to those who have discussion as to the fulness of the everlasting gospel.

made their covenants in righteousness. Things of this We are told that the Book of Mormon contains the

kind do not appear in the Book of Mormon, or the fulness of the gospel, that those who like to get up a

Bible, or any other published book. dispute, say that the Book of Mormon does not contain

If there is no reference in the Book of Mormon in any reference to the work of salvation for the dead, relation to baptism for the dead, we ask the question and that there are many other things pertaining to why should there be? Is not baptism for the dead the gospel that are not developed in that book, and

exactly the same principle that it is for the living? The yet we are told that the book contains 'the fulness ot

answer is naturally "Yes."There was no baptism for the everlasting gospel.'Well what is the fulness of

the dead until after the resurrection of our Lord. This the gospel? You read carefully the revelation in regard

ordinance for the dead was not performed until Jesus to the three glories, section 76, in the Doctrine and had opened the way. Therefore if there is no mention Covenants, and you find there defined what the gospel

of baptism for the dead in the Book of Mormon, that is. There God, the Eternal Father, and Jesus Christ,

does not prove that they, after the resurrection of his Son, and the Holy Ghost, are held up as the three

Jesus, could not, in cases where it was necessary, Persons in the Trinity—the one God, the Father, the

perform such ordinances, since they had the fulness Word, and the Holy Ghost, all three being one God.

of the priesthood. When people believe in that doctrine and obey the

Then we should remember that for some two hunordinances which are spoken of in the same list of dred years after the visitation of the Lord to the principles, you get the fulness of the gospel for this

Nephite nation, all observed the principles of the reason: If you really believe so as to have faith in our

gospel. Children under the proper age were not Eternal Father and in his Son Jesus Christ, the Rebaptized, and we may well believe that in that age deemer, and will hear him, you will learn all about

of universal righteousness, children who had reached what is needed to be done for the salvation of the the age of accountability were not neglected. living and redemption of the dead.

We may conclude that the statement of the Lord "When people believe and repent and are baptized in the Doctrine and Covenants is not violated because by divine authority, and the Holy Ghost is conferred baptism after the resurrection of our Lord is just the upon them as a gift, they receive the everlasting gospel.

same ordinance which it was before his resurrection, We used to call it, and it is now called in the revelaand as far as the dead are concerned, it is merely an tions, the 'gift of the Holy Ghost,'the Holy Spirit that extension to the dead of a principle that has come proceeds from the Father through the immensity of down through the ages from the beginning. space, which guides, directs, enlightens, which is light

It is our responsibility to perform all the ordinances in and of itself, which is the Spirit of intelligence, the essential for the dead, no matter when they lived or light of truth."3

a3 Nephi 27:19. General Conference Report, April 1922, pp. 2728.

OCTOBER I960 705 We believe that the gospel with all its principles and ordinances was given to

Adam and continued on the earth for a long time before much of it was taken away.

Those not of our faith quite frequently ask, "If this is true, why is there not more evidence of it in the Bible?"Then we have to admit that our most substantial information on the subject comes from latterday revelation. This is not always as

convincing to others as it is to us. But there are other evidences of a very interesting nature.

Take for example the ordinance of baptism. It would logically be assumed

706 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

that an ordinance such as this, if it were practised, would be referred to somewhere. Let us then go into the records and histories of ancient Israel.

Shortly before the time that Christ began his ministry in the Meridian of Time, there came a man by the name of John the Baptist, who began preaching to the people near the Jordan River. Here, from the Jewish Encyclopedia, is what he

preached "'Ye miserable mortals, repent; wash in living streams your entire frame with its

burden of sin; lift to heaven your hands in prayer for forgiveness and cure yourselves of impiety by fear of God!'This is what John the Baptist preached to the

sinners that gathered around him on the Jordan; and herein lies the significance of

the bath of every proselyte. He was to be made a new creature."(Jewish Encyc.

John the Baptist had a broad knowledge of the meaning of baptism. It is also

reasonable to assume that his forebears knew of it. Referring again to the Jewish

Encyclopedia:

"According to rabbinical teachings, which dominated even during the existence of the temple, baptism next to circumcision and sacrifice was an absolutely necessary condition to be fulfilled by a proselyte to Judaism."(Vol. 2, p. 400.)

Quoting further from the same reference, an understanding is gained of the purpose of this baptism or "bath"as it was commonly called.

"The baptism of the proselyte has for its purpose his cleansing from the impurity of idolatry, and restoration to the purity of a newborn man. This may be

learned in the Talmud (Sotah 126) in regard to Pharaoh's daughter, whose bathing in the Nile is explained by Simon B. Yohai to have been for that purpose. The

bathing in the water is to constitute a rebirth, wherefore, the Ger is like a child just born. And he must bathe in the name of God—Leshem Shamayim—that is, assume the yoke of God's kingdom imposed upon him by the one who leads him to

baptism or else he is not admitted into Judaism."

To the Latterday Saint, this has a familiar sound. This is the gospel as it is today.

In speaking to a rabbi on the subject of baptism, I was quite surprised to find it is still being practised today on proselytes to Judaism. In order to become a member of the Jewish faith one must undergo a course of instruction, then he is taken

to a ritual immersion center where he is baptized by immersion. This baptism has

the effect of starting the proselyte off with a clean slate. The main differences between the baptism of modern Judaism and Mormonism is that the Jewish faith does

not require baptism of those born in the faith. Some rabbis are baptized by immersion even today. However, in ancient Israel, those born in the faith were

also baptized as is shown by this quotation:

"Israel was admitted into the covenant by three things, namely: circumcision,

baptism, and sacrifice."(Hastings Eccles. Hist. Vol. 2, p. 376.)

From the quoted references there is evidence that baptism in ancient Israel was intended to have the same effect as that of the Latterday Saint faith today. But

how about the reason for this baptism? The Jewish Encyclopedia again provides an

answer. "To receive the spirit of God, or to be permitted to stand in the presence of

God, man must undergo baptism."(Jewish Encyc. Vol. 2, p. 499.)

Another interesting reference which also points out that baptism must be performed by immersion is found in the Cairo Genizah Document of the Damascus

Covenanters. This group of writings similar to the writings of the Essenes of the

Dead Sea area forbids baptism in water insufficient for immersion. (Section 10,

verses 1113.)

Also from the Dead Sea Scroll Manual of Discipline we read the following concerning baptism:

"For it is through the spirit of God's true counsel ( Continued on page 767

BY GORDON W. HOAGLAND

OCTOBER 1960 707.

CHARLES ANTHON

by Stanley H. B. Kimball

Assistant Professor of History

Southern Illinois University, Alton

In February 1828 Martin Harris showed Samplings from the volumes available to the American

Charles Anthon, LLD, a copy of some Book students of Egyptology at the time Martin Harris visited of Mormon characters with a translation of Professor Anthon. This is the type of material with which

some of them. According to Martin Harris, Professor Anthon may have compared the Book of Mor-

"Professor Anthon stated that the translation mon characters.

was correct, more so than any he had before seen translated from the Egyptian."1 BEITRARfir 7.1'R KGN.VTMSH

We have already discussed various interpreLITERATUR, KUNST, MYTHOLOCIE tations of this remarkable pronouncement of L \ It

Anthon's. (See The Improvement Era, FebGESCHICHTF.

ruary 1957, p. 80.) It is now our purpose to II i: S A I. T E \ AEfiVPTEN

go more deeply into the possibility of Charles

Anthon or anyone in the Western Hemisphere PRECIS in 1828 vouching for the correctness of a transSYST|ME HlEROCLYPHlQUEDU lation from purportedly Egyptian characters. 'DES ANXIENS EGYPTIENS,

There were several scholars to whom Martin RECHERCHES

Harris could have gone. In 1828 there were a.l i i. iA.=Jrv*lJ

five main centers of learning in the USA: Par M. CHAMPOLLION u jiuni.

Harvard, Yale, Princeton, University of Penn- l.M)Ri;K B HATDEN. ih Hit, \}>/ki\y,\,,, iNjo'iui

.. i /r-VJ'Vw/ Psylvania ( or what later was called by that CLASSICAL IMCTIONAKV; *i&\Mv l/SAJHlMtVAname), and Columbia College (now Columbia I

A < IPPIOIS At COUNT Of JlQUl D) '/o/.,\'Ayix,{\i

vkX3uVx;i-,umMUniversity). The chief classical scholars conMA. THE PROPER NAMES A PARIS, \ms!

of these institutionsnected learning with were: n Bouibon, me de Ubr.,

comincti de m*,r Abiton Ticknor, at Tilt VAI.LT or COINS. wruillTS, AND MEASURES, ItlLondret,VCllTl, Everett,Robinson,;'.. u.\iiM|i)X /,/.,. 'Bancroft and

Harvard; Kingsley and Woolsey at Yale; and A CIIKONOI.OGK'AL. TABLL'.

Anthon at Columbia. However, Robinson and 11V J. LCMPRIERC 1*. D.

Woolsey were in Europe in 1828; Ticknor was i;v:a 3Birm.ui tnninn. JVlpljrtbrtrjrtrmoniuu*:

primarily interested in romance languages; and BY (II 1HLKS ANTHON, ""J-E-ll A I

Everett was in politics after 1826. Of the remaining practising classicists who were in the K.y,y*'-

country during 1828, Anthon was the best JL known. His famous edition of Lempriere's

Classical Dictionary was already in its sixth edition by 1827.

Classicists, in the days before the birth of -7 1.

Egyptology and other specialized studies of the S=D ancient world, did not limit themselves strictly to Greek and Roman studies. Their field included most of the other ancient civilizations

as well. It is not, therefore, surprising that

Harris would have sought out a classicist to Harris and Anthon took place is too well documented to be judge the characters. Indeed, only this type of discussed here. Francis W. Kirkham has done exhaustive

scholar could have been expected to have had research on this matter and presented it in his A New Witthis special type of training. And so it was that ness for Christ in America. 2

Martin Harris either sought out or was directed following is an interesting nonMormon reference to Harris's visit with Anthon:

to Charles Anthon. That this visit between interpretation"He [Harris] andcarriedbibliological[them] toscrutinyNew Yorkof suchCity, scholarswhere heas soughtHon. Lutherfor themBradis,the

Dr. Mitchell, Professor and others. Anthon

iPearl of Great Price, Joseph Smith 2:64. Its Origin, Rise, and Progress (1867), p. 42... Quoted."Pomeroyin FrancisTucker,W. Mormonism,Kirkham, A

708 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

AND THE EGYPTIAN LANGUAGE

Now to examine more closely Anthon's capabilities "In presenting a new edition of Lempriere's dicfor having given a favorable report to Harris respecttionary to the notice of the public, the editor feels ing the characters and their translation. The best himself called upon to tender his sincere acknowledgesource of judging Anthon's knowledge of Egypt in ments of the very flattering patronage which has

general and the Egyptian language in particular is been extended to his labours. The rapid sale of the

from his own writings. Fortunately Anthon was very previous impression has induced him to spare no efforts

prolific, producing nearly one volume annually durtoward rendering the present volume still more deing his fortyseven years with Columbia College, 1820serving of public patronage, both as regards typo1867. He was "the principal classical bookmaker of graphical appearance and the nature of the additions

his time."3 Unfortunately for us, the vast majority of which have been made to the work itself. Not only

this output was after February 1828 and therefore not have all the articles previously altered or added been of much help. One very significant book, however, carefully revised, and, whenever it appeared requisite,

was published in 1825 and went through six or more materially enlarged, but many of them have also been editions by 1828; in fact, this was the book that estabwritten anew; and, besides this, important and extenlished Anthon's reputation as one of the foremost sive additions have been still further made to the

classicists in the USA. The work was the above menwork. It was stated in the preface to the fifth edition

tioned Classical Dictionary, by J. Lempriere, corrected that the whole number of additions which had been

and improved by Charles Anthon. (See illustration.) appended to the volume amounted to above three

Lempriere was a British classicist of the day and thousand: in the present edition they exceed four

his work long remained a popular English authority thousand,"on mythology and history. Today Lempriere is not It is clear then, that this book may be legitimately

thought very highly of as a scholar, and indeed there used as a criterion of Anthon's learning and acquaintwere far better classicists than he on the continent, ance with various subjects.

especially in Germany. Lempriere's work was, notBut which of the book's four thousand subjects are

withstanding, very popular. His dictionary had alwe interested in and which have value in determining

ready seen twelve editions in England and four in Anthon's acquaintance with Egyptian? Reading

this country. American scholarship, in those days, through, his reference to Egypt is most disappointing.

came to this country from German scholars like Heyne It is only a short geographic sketch of the country.

and Wolf. In fact Anthon was one of the first However, farther on in the preface Anthon states,

American scholars to acquire and practise the rigorous "The articles on which the most labour has been beand strict discipline of German scholarship, although stowed are the following:... Memnonium... Nilus..

he never studied in Germany. Pyramides... Thebae...."Turning to these and

Anthon was fully aware of the limitations of other entries in this Classical Dictionary we find Anthon

Lempriere but was equally conscious of the great referring to the following writers and authorities:

respect Lempriere's dictionary had in this country. Bruce, Davison, Mary Wortley Montagu, Salt Belzoni,

So that the reading public, however, would be well Lacroze, Denon, Jablonski, Mannert, and finally aware that he had not merely reworked Lempriere, Champollion. Anthon writes in reference to Champolhe wrote the following in the preface to the sixth lion, "This writer, in his elaborate treatise on the

edition of his "corrected and improved"version of Hieroglyphics of Egypt...."4 Definite evidence is

Lempriere's work: thus produced that Anthon was familiar with the early

of the works greatest student of the Egyptian language Witness Christ for in New America, third edition, enlarged, vols 3 (Independence, Mo., vol. 1, 1951), p. 161. of the period, the upon man whose of work This much Luther Bradis, 17831863, a was diplomat, statesman, stuand

of languages. lived in Franklin He County, York, served and New subsequent in advance Egyptology was made. Anthon the state York assembly, New 18271830. dentm relatives had in He and

around Palmyra and visited on is occasion It them. therefore entirely does not identify title the exact this of book by possible that Harris have consulted may it with Bradis that and was

Bradis suggested talk who he Mitchill with in Anthon and York Champollion, New but Champollion written had only one City. writer The has located eleven of boxes private the papers of Luther

is Bradis and currently searching for them relative information any that to book by 1827 could have been an "elaborate early Mormonism.

3John Sandys, Edwin A History of Classical Scholarship, (Cambridge,

OCTOBER I960 709

treatise on the hieroglyphics of Egypt"and that was were published after 1828, and in the fourth edition his famous Precis du systeme Hieroglyphique des of his dictionary he devotes twenty double column

Anciens Egyptiens, Paris, 1824. pages to Egypt, including the language. This would

In the previous article in The Improvement Era indicate that his interest in Egypt was of long duraon this subject it was suggested that "Among the books tion and that he kept up with the latest developments.

Anthon and Mitchill may have been acquainted with It is conceivable that the visit of Martin Harris had were... and Champollion's Precis...."Also in the something to do with Anthon's continuing study of

same article it was suggested that someday the libraries the language.

of Anthon and Mitchill may be found and give some The writer has been able to secure on interlibrary clue as to their owners'acquaintance with the Egyptian loan from Cornell several of these books about Egypt.

language. The writer has been successful in locating Only two of the volumes could be proved definitely

Anthon's library. After his death in 1867, Anthon's to have been owned by Anthon. Fortuitously this was

private library was purchased from his maiden sister Champollion's two volume Precis. (See illustration,

by Cornell College, 5 Ithaca, New York. We also have p. 708. Note Anthon's signature in upper righthand

a good idea what was in his private library. Some corner. ) Hopefully the books were searched for maryears after Anthon's editing of Lempriere's Dictionary ginalia, but none were found. Anthon was known to

he felt well enough established to publish his own be neat and fastidious and apparently did not mark classical dictionary. In the fourth edition, 1842, of his books. How interesting it would have been to

Anthon's Classical Dictionary he provided a "List of run across a notation that such and such a page or

Works, exclusive of the classics, forming part of the illustration resembled the strange characters presented author's private collection, and which have been to him by an upstate farmer by the name of Harris.

consulted for the purposes of the present edition."In summation then we know that Martin Harris

This list included the following works actually did consult with Charles Anthon, that Charles

Abidfedae Descriptio Aegypti, Arabice et Latine, Anthon was acquainted with the latest discoveries ed. Michaelis, Gotting, 1776; Champollion, Precis du pertaining to the Egyptian language, and specifically

Systeme Hieroglyphique, 2 vols., Paris, 1824; Henry, that at least a full year prior to the visit by Martin

Lettre a Champollion le Jeune, ire, Paris, 1828; Harris, Anthon had studied the work of Champollion.

Jablonski Opuscula, ed., & c, T. G. Te Water, 4 vols., However, this does not prove that Anthon knew

180413; Kennedy, Researches into the Origin and Egyptian, only that he was familiar with its appearance

Affinity of the Principal Languages of Asia and and general structure. Champollion himself was just

Europe, London, 1828; H. Murry, Historical Account beginning to "break"the language and could actually

of Discoveries and Travels in Africa, 2 vols., Edintranslate little more than royal titles and demonstrate

burgh, 1818; Perizonius, Origines Babylonicae et the inner relations between the hieroglyphic, hieratic,

Aegyptiacae, 2 vols., Ludg. Bat. 1711; Prichard, and demotic systems with Coptic. His Grammarie

Analysis of Egyptian Mythology, London, 1819; Seyand Dictionarie appeared much later, in 1836 and 1841

farth, Rudimenta Hieroglyphics, Lipsiae, 1826; Brevis respectively. Therefore not too much weight can be

defensio, irs., Lipsiae, 1827; Beitrage zur Kenntniss given the statement by Anthon that "the translation

der Litteratur, ire, des alien Aegypten, heft. 1, Leipzig, was correct, more so than any he had before seen

1826; Witsius, Aegytiaca, Basil, 1739. translated from the Egyptian,"except that he saw the

Anthon listed other volumes relative to Egypt that similarity between the Book of Mormon characters cAnthon's will bequeathing everything, including his private library, and hieratic or demotic (Continued on page 765) is on file in the New York City Hall of Records, Liber 167, p. 476.

Cornell College had just been founded in 1865 and consequently had "Champollion's famous Precis contained philological results of his not been able to huild up much of a library. They therefore desired the discovery, but very little actual translation. Not until after 1827 was

excellent one of Anthon. he able to do much translating.

My small one mounts her lively broom HALLOWEEN PRANKS Her broomstick makes the street a sky

With laughter, riding into the night With rooftops over which to soar.

Between a lad in robber's mask BY JEAN RASEY She sweeps a high and windy path

And one all draped in goblin white. Collecting treats from door to door.

Being a tot with small concern

For earthbound ghost or bandit bold,

She acts as witches do who ride

Where moon is red and stars are gold.

710 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA HOW MUCH DO YOU

BY HENRY H. GRAHAM

A scoutmaster once told me that boys were not surroundings, not only for my own enjoyment but also ordinarily very sharp observers—a fact which he conso that I would have something of interest to talk

sidered rather unfortunate. about upon my return. Before, the only benefit I had

"Some time ago,"he said, "I decided to check the received from the trip was the exercise.

powers of observation among a group of lads who The second time, however, it was very different.

were under my leadership. I asked them all sorts Almost at the start of the journey I spotted a tumbleof questions about things with which they should have down old cabin that had not been occupied since

been thoroughly familiar. Not one of them knew pioneer days. It was situated in plain view of the road,

how many trees were in their front yard. Only one and close to it at that, but I had not spotted it before.

knew the color of the houses next door to him. Only Examination of the premises revealed a roof caved in

two out of ten knew the hair color of any other boy by fierce snowslides, some still legible writing on the in the group. Only three could tell me the name of faded walls of the building, a few pieces of lead and

the big clothing store next to the town's only bank. silver ore, a rusted tablespoon and an ax, the handle

It was a small town, with a population of fifteen of which had rotted away completely over the years.

hundred. A little farther on, a small spring gurgled from the

"Frankly, I was shocked, and decided to do somesandy soil. It was the coldest water I had ever tasted.

thing about it. The boys did not realize how unSomeone, perhaps the mining prospector who had

observant they were. So in the future we discussed occupied the nowdecrepit cabin so many years before,

the importance of close observation at meetings, and had dug out the spring, enlarging it so that he could each youth promised to 'see'more—to keep his eyes at that time probably have dipped a full bucket of

open. I am happy to say that further tests were far water. Now it was filled in somewhat with sand.

more satisfactory. The boys gradually learned to On my left, as I advanced through the quiet forest,

see stationary objects and activities that took place was an entrancing waterfall that gurgled musically within their range of vision."over polished stones. Then I spotted a beaver dam

Close observation is a wonderfully fine thing. It above which the water backed up to form a small

enables people to get more out of life, to take advanpond. Keeping very still I saw a beaver and watched

tage of their opportunities. God gave us eyes and him swim around for perhaps half an hour.

expects us to use them. Yet so many of us just go Topping a rise in the road, I observed a swarm of

around more or less blind. bees around a tree, clearly indicating the presence

Some years ago I took a solitary hike over a longof honey. All around, such wild flowers as lupine

forgotten woodland road in heavy timber country. I and Indian paintbrush grew in profusion. It was a

walked fully three miles. Upon my return a friend veritable paradise for bees.

asked me what I saw. And to my consternation I was The trip rewarded me with many other sights well

forced to admit that nothing had registered. I could worth seeing. Yet on the first hike along this same

not recall more than one or two things, both unimroad all of these things had completely escaped me. I

portant. I apparently had just walked along with had just gone plodding along with unseeing eyes.

my mind a thousand miles from the scenery through In the future I resolved to be more observant at all which I went. Yet I knew there must have been intimes and actually see what was around me. Followteresting objects along the way. ing this practice, I began to enjoy life more and to

So a few days later I went over the same route again, get more out of it. I can strongly recommend closer

this time resolving to look around me—to observe the observation for everyone.

OCTOBER I960 711 What they're doing to Freedom's

BY KELVIN WALLACE COVENTRY

liiillils-"':*-::,; MiKliiSs"'

Did you know that freedom's cradle, the IndeUrban blight, Philadelphia's nemesis, is a disease pendence Hall district of Philadelphia, is being rocked not easily stamped out. Its tentacles almost choked

like never before? Statehouse Row to death before civic leaders were

Invading armies of workmen are smashing into prodded into action.

homes, tearing down, gouging out, following behind In 1942, headed by Judge Edwin O. Lewis, the

spearheads of growling bulldozers—all under the Independence Hall Association was formed. Through

shadow of the white steeple which crowns the birthtireless effort this group stimulated the city, state, place of our Declaration of Independence and Conand the federal government to pump new lifeblood stitution. into the area where our founding fathers mutually

Standing on a newly erupted mountain of earth, pledged their "lives, fortunes, and sacred honor"in we can look northward and already see some of the pursuit of a dream.

results of this gigantic facelifting operation. Now we see the $20,000,000 facelifting project in

A jungle of firetrap buildings has fallen, as if by full swing. Its avowed purpose is "to substantially

atomic blast, and been neatly dispatched to oblivion. restore all historic buildings and features to their

From this squalor a beautifully landscaped approach, appearance in the period 17741800."

or mall, now serves as a welcome mat to America's But where would you start? Wouldn't it be wiser

most historic mile. to save money and time by guessing in the restoraWafted fragrance from newly planted foliage retion? Perhaps with some papiermache summertime

places the former dustladen, closedin smell of tourist attraction you could, but not when the attraccentury-old commercial establishments. tion is the spawning ground for a nation—our nation.

Giant steel balls swing in pendulum fashion against The new look on freedom's face will be authentic.

the walls of every nonhistone building within a threeIt is as real as researchers can make it. Every branch

block area. of science at man's disposal is being called upon to

"If the buildings aren't tied in with the Philadelphia join in this exciting and educational adventure into that Washington and Franklin knew, they go,"points the American past.

out a demolition foreman. You'll find archeologists burrowing below old buildWhy this sudden interest in a parcel of land that ings to get to the grass roots of colonial America.

spawned a "birth certificate"signed by fiftysix traitors You'll find the architectural investigator out probing to the British king? The interest isn't sudden. But the fabrics of these ancient homes as they crumble

now it's backed up by dollars and action. before power machines. {Continued on page 736)

OCTOBER I960 713 714 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA..>*. r A WHERE IS THE HEART

Bartley Jensen sat in his airconditioned office on the thirtyfourth floor and looked out over most of the other buildings. He viewed

with satisfaction a project going on nearby.

He noted the wrecking equipment, nearly obscured by other buildings, making way for the new edifice he had designed.

He looked around his office with what he felt to be justifiable pride—the intercom box

on his desk; the soft carpeting; the finelygrained, real wood paneling covering the

walls; and his name neatly lettered on the

door.

He jumped guiltily back to the present as the intercom buzzed. He flipped the switch.

'/Yes?"The girl answered, "Your wife on line two, Mr. Jensen."

He picked up the phone. "Yes, Doris?''

"Oh, Bart, I've the most wonderful news!

Hal and Nellie Peterson are in town and just phoned. They'll be here tonight."

Bartley frowned.

(Continued on page 740)

MARVEL S. CROOKSTON

OCTOBER 1960 Members of our Church in their varied activities find that a considerable part of their time is taken in "telling the world"in one capacity or another. They may be expounding the

scriptures from the pulpit, explaining a Bible lesson to a class of sixyear-olds, directing a group of MIA "little theater"actors, or encouraging a quorum of elders to take a turn at the welfare project. In all of these instances, and in innumerable others—in the

Church—at home—at work—we are doing that

which is basically defined as "communicating."

Webster explains it: "the act of interchanging

thoughts or information."

Nearly everyone takes for granted that he is able to say what he means, and gives little or no thought to the "art"of communication.

However, in fact, many of the troubles which beset us today, as individuals and as a world community, stem from misunderstanding what others would convey to us.

To assist us in improving our "communicaMllMWltions"with others we have available, now, a new branch of science, an offshoot of psychology called "general semantics."Since all

of us in this Church are potential teachers, missionaries, or group leaders, we will find it to our advantage to consider some of the basic formulas of semantics which show us how and why our habits and forms of "communication"function as they do.

First, let us consider some of the most common semantic "barriers"which hamper us in

getting our ideas across:

1. The mirage of meanings. This image leads

us astray when we do not pause to realize that II the same words can mean different things to different persons. Our missionaries quickly

come to recognize this barrier when they encounter the words saved, salvation, eternal life, as used by the various sects and churches.

The world just does not understand their meaning as we of the Church do.

In our Sunday School and other classes, we as teachers should also realize the many and varied meanings which can be taken from such

716 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "abstract"words as faith, repentance, charity, and the Remember no verbal description can cover every like. Some such words may be defined for the class detail. Words are only labels for a few selected details

at the time they are first used. Others have such a of the speaker's mental picture of something. When

multitude of possible meanings that they should be hearing or reading someone else's description of an defined or, at least, "identified,"each time they are object, event, or other "reality,"or when giving such used. a description of your own, remember that many parRemember that most words have more than one ticulars are left out. To all such descriptions, mentally

meaning. Several words strung together in a phrase attach the ending "etc."

or a sentence may have a large number of possible 3. "Groups"and "masses."In the daily newspapers

meanings. To be sure that your hearer understands, we read that "... are against"this or that

rephrase your statement in different words. When proposition—that "the don't like"this or

you are the listener, don't look for meanings in the that governmental figure—that "dentists prefer"this

words alone, but in the person who is using them. or that mouthwash, toothpaste, or whathave-you.

2. The trap of "all."We fall into this trap when Then there are the longtime prejudices: "Artists are

we think we have said all there is to say on a subject temperamental"—"gentlemen prefer blondes."If we

when, really, we've said only all we can think of at stop to think, we realize that these statements may the moment. Perhaps most of us, at one time or have any degree of truth from zero to something over

another, have had an experience in this regard similar fifty percent, yet is it not true that many of us unto that of a YWMIA president who arranged with a consciously accept them as though they were one prominent attorney to be a speaker for a "fireside"talk. hundred percent true?

She was careful to explain the general subject area When you see or hear a statement that refers to a which she and the class members wanted the speaker group, an organization, or a "mass"of people, rememto cover. She gave him the address of the building ber that the conclusion reached may be that of the

where the gathering was to assemble and made sure average, the "mean,"or other statistical sampling, or that he had no other interfering appointment on the it may be what someone thinks about such a group.

night of the meeting. In any group there are likely several individuals whose

As the young folk gathered for the fireside, there actions or opinions range from mildly to violently was much anticipation for the popular speaker who contrary to that of the group average. When we deal

was to appear on the evening's program. Soon the with people, we are dealing, first of all, with inditime for the meeting arrived—then passed—and no viduals, and we must remember that, as no two objects

speaker came. The YWMIA president began to fidget in reality are exactly identical, so every human being

—and then to fume. Finally, with the aid of a man differs from every other human being in a multitude

from the ward, who quickly answered a last minute of ways.

requestIIIIIMIMIMMMIto speak, the evening was saved—at least to a 4. All or nothing. This manner of thinking ignores

degree. the middle of the road—it contends that everything is

The following day the woman in charge talked to either black or white and that the in between "gray the attorney who had just arrived in town from a twoarea"is of no consequence.

day trip to another city. After explaining what had Whenever you find a statement or an idea involving

happened, the reason for the difficulty was soon contraries, especially if they are extreme, examine the apparent. She had specified the day of the week on middle ground between them. Do not assume that

which the talk was to be given, but not the date of there is no middle ground, or that the "gray area"is the month. The attorney had understood that she unworthy of your consideration.

meant the week following—she thought he understood 5. "Tunnel vision"thinking. In this mental tunnel

that she had meant this week—and both had thought we can see one and only one way of doing a thing. It

they had "all"of the information which the other was seems obvious to us that, since a certain thing has trying to convey. always been done a (Continued on page 734)

OCTOBER I960 717 Since "the extent of the reading and performance of Shakespeare's plays is commonly regarded throughout the Englishspeaking world as one of the most reliable of touchstones for measuring cultural development,"a study of the precise nature of the experience Utah Pioneers had with his dramas (18471900) and of their effect on society should be rewarding. Certainly, such a study will Shakespeareextend our knowledge of this facet of Utah culture.

This article, therefore, will be concerned primarily with Utah pioneer experiences with Shakespeareanperformances in the Salt Lake Theater and in cities in Early in other parts of the state.

Interest in Shakespeare during the pioneer period stems directly from England and from Nauvoo, BYIllinois, where, especially in England, men and UtahDR. LELAND H. MONSON

women had had a superabundance of experience WEBER COLLEGE with his plays. OGDEN. UTAH

"The majority of the citizens [writes Tullidge] in 18511852 were fresh from a land of theatres....

There were those in Salt Lake City who had seen

Macready; some who had seen John and Charles

Kemble, their sister Sarah Siddons, and Edmund

Kean on the stage in their native land. The majority

of the English people in the valley at that period were from Yorkshire, London, Birmingham, Manchester, Leeds, and Edinburgh, where the common people for generations have been accustomed to go to the theatre and to philharmonic concerts, to see the best acting and to hear the divinest singing, at a few pence, to the galleries. Such a community

could not possibly have gotten along without their theatre, nor been content with their isolation without something to awaken pleasurable reminiscences of the intellectual culture and dramatic art of their native land."(Tullidge, History of Salt Lake City,

p. 737.) Interest in Shakespeare in the first half of the nine718.

teenth century in England was national in scope. evil and its consequences, good and its happy results

Macready toured the provinces nearly every year of and rewards, the weakness and follies of men, the the second quarter of the nineteenth century. The magnanimity of virtue, and the greatness of truth."

records show that in Birmingham, Macready presented (Journal of Discourses, IX, 243.)

fourteen Shakespearean plays between 1826 and 1850.

His productions were confined to the four major Furthermore, two anonymous writers, both impressed tragedies: King Lear (once), Othello (four times), with the educative value of the theater, noted that

Macbeth (four times), and Hamlet (five times). From it was a more impressive way of inculcating moral

1834 to 1850 in Liverpool he presented eleven Shakesentiments than any other means separated from spearean productions, representing four different amusement. ( Deseret News April 1, 1869, and January

plays: Julius Caesar (once), the Merchant of Venice 6, 1879, and November 5, 1886.) The pioneers seem

( once ), Othello ( twice ); and Macbeth ( seven times ) to have been aware that it was not only from the pulpit

This list, although incomplete, contains ten tragedies or the lecturer's platform that the greatest social and one comedy. Edinburgh also had many perlessons are taught, but from the stage itself.

formances between 1809 and 1850. These productions The extent of Shakespearean performances makes it

represented twentyone different plays including clear that these pioneers recognized the spiritual value comedies, historical plays, and tragedies. And these which was inherent in Shakespeare's plays. The piowe must remember are the cities that contributed neers enjoyed all three of the conventional types of

heavily to the Mormon migration to Nauvoo, Illinois, Shakespeare's plays—comedies, histories, and tragedies

and to the West.—but they showed a preference for the tragedies.

It is easily understandable, then, that Mormon pioThe following nine comedies were presented in the neers with such a cultural background would call for Salt Lake Theater between April 9, 1863, and May, the Shakespearean theater. That they did call for 1897: Measure for Measure (once), A Comedy of

such productions is clearly revealed in a survey of Errors (twice), Twelfth Night (twice), Much Ado writings concerning the importance of the theater and about Nothing (five times), Merry Wives of Windsor in an account of the many performances between 1862, ( six times ), As You Like Jt ( eleven times ), The Tamwhen the Salt Lake Theater was finished, and 1900. ing of the Shrew and its adaptation, Katherine and

Utah pioneers looked to the drama for instruction. Petruchio (thirteen times), and The Merchant of

One of their number, sensing keenly the educational Venice (eighteen times). These nine different comevalue of good theatricals, wrote: "that the stage is a dies were staged for a total of fiftynine performances,

great factor in our modern civilization for the education but contrary to the practice with the tragedies and the of the people, no reading, reflecting person would histories, not one of them was ever presented by a attempt to deny."(John S. Lindsay, The Mormons local stock company without the assistance of a visitand the Theatre, p. 174.) And Brigham Young ing star. Seventeen performances of comedies were

fostered the drama among these people as a nursery of presented between 1860 and 1869, fourteen between principle and of honor, calling their attention to the 1870 and 1879, eleven between 1880 and 1889, and fact that seventeen between 1890 and 1899. These productions

"Upon the stage of a theatre can be represented, indicate that comedies were popular during every

OCTOBER I960 719 decade and that such catastrophes as the Civil War compared with productions of Dion Boucicault's, a and a depression did not materially alter the number playwright who met with much favor in the Salt Lake of performances. The slowest decade for productions, Theater, is shown by the fact that twelve of Shakeas in the case of histories and tragedies, was during speare's plays were performed sixtyseven times in the

the depression period of the 1880's. first decade of the Salt Lake Theater, while nine of

The history plays, except for Richard III, were not so Boucicault's plays received fortynine productions.

popular in Salt Lake City as were his comedies and This indicates that there were thirtynine percent his tragedies. There were thirtythree presentations more productions of Shakespeare's plays than of

of five plays, King lohn (four times), Henry V (twice), Boucicault's.

Henry IV Part I (seven times), Henry VIII (once), The extent of Shakespeare's influence is also evident and Richard III (nineteen times.) Twelve producwhen we compare the number of his plays produced

tions were staged in the first decade, 1862 to 1869; in the Salt Lake Theater with the number of other

thirteen in the following decade; none in the deprespopular dramas. During the first decade The Charcoal

sion period, 1880 to 1889; and eight during the closing Burner was presented nine times; The Pride of the

decade of the century. Market, three; Virginius, four; Damon and Pythias,

Tragedies were not favored by Brigham Young, ten; Pizarro, eight; Richelieu, ten; Uncle Tom's Cabin,

who urged his people not to follow the world in its seven; The Forty Thieves, six; Aladdin, ten; and Under

liking for the tragic, saying: the Gas Light, thirteen. From 1862 to 1871 inclusive,

"I do not wish murder and all its horrors and the The Merchant of Venice, Richard III, Hamlet, and villainy leading to it portrayed before our women Macbeth were presented eight, nine, thirteen, and and children; I do not want the child to carry home eleven times in the order named. Shakespeare was,

with it the fear of the fagot, the sword, the pistol, or perhaps, the most popular playwright of the period.

the dagger, and suffer in the night from frightful (Lindsay, op. cit., p. 176.) Representations of his

dreams. I want such plays performed as will make individual plays rank well with productions of the

the spectators feel well."(Journal of Discourses, IX, most popular nonShakespearean plays. Over thirteen

245.) percent of all fulllength productions in the Salt Lake

Theater for this first decade were Shakespearean.

In spite of his appeal, however, the tragedies of Moreover, the number of productions of Shakespeare

Shakespeare were more interesting to the Utah piofrom 1862 to 1880 in Salt Lake City and in Denver, neers than the comedies and histories, figures for a Colorado, indicates greater interest in the former city total of 121 performances of the following six tragedies than in the latter. In 1880 Denver had sixtysix pertook place in the Salt Lake Theater: King Lear (three cent more population than Salt Lake City (Salt Lake

times), Julius Caesar (ten times), Othello (nineteen City, 20,768, and Denver 35,629); yet for this period

times ), Romeo and Juliet ( twentysix times ), Macbeth there were 133 productions of fourteen of Shake- (twentynine times), and Hamlet (thirtyfour times). speare's plays in Salt Lake City and eightyfive proThis is twentynine more performances than those of ductions of ten plays in Denver. (Dean G. Nichols,

the nine comedies and five histories combined. Pioneer Theatre of Denver, Colorado, pp. 332333.)

The number of productions of Shakespeare's plays The pioneers of Utah had an opportunity to witness

720 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA a

fiftysix percent more productions of Shakespeare than settlements were not without this influence, for Salt did the pioneers of Denver. As a matter of fact, the Lake Theater performances were seen by visitors from

first presentation of a Shakespearean play in the all sections of the state during the general and auxiliary

Rockies was in Salt Lake City. conferences of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday

Attendance at these numerous Salt Lake Theater Saints. The pioneers came in large numbers, particuperformances of Shakespeare's plays also shows the larly to the general conferences. John S. Lindsay

extent of his influence on this pioneer culture. pointed out that as early as 1863 the manager of the

Throughout the nineteenth century the pioneers of Salt Lake Theater looked forward to the October

Utah loved Shakespeare as good theater, for the plays conference for increased patronage:

were well attended. The reviews in the Deseret News "During the summer of 1863, the interior decoraand the Salt Lake Tribune frequently contain general tions of the theatre were completed and preparations

statements concerning the size of the audience that were made for opening the season of '63 and '64—

attended a production. For example, the News relittle in advance of the October conference, which alported a "good house"on August 18, 1868; a "magnifiways brings the people in even from the remotest

cent house"on February 5, 1875; a "crowded house"settlements, and consequently makes a great harvest

on April 24, 1877; and a "magnificent house,"on March for the theatre."(Op. cit., p. 33.)

1, 1886. Such comments are not uncommon. On one Over the years a regular attendant at the Salt Lake

occasion when Julius Caesar was presented, the house Theater during the week of general conference could was filled, even though competing with a presentation have witnessed five productions of Macbeth, two of of Tannhduser in the Tabernacle. By and large, the The Merchant of Venice, two of Richard III, six of

reviews indicate that attendance at the plays was Hamlet, four of Othello, three of Julius Caesar, and one good. Attendance records for the first decade (1862 performance each of The Taming of the Shrew,

to 1872), the period for which figures are available, Katherine and Petruchio, As You Like It, Romeo and show, however, that the average attendance at the Juliet, and Much Ado About Nothing.

comedies was less than at nonShakespearean plays And it was not church meetings alone that brought and Shakespearean tragedies. Attendance at producpeople from remote settlements into the church center.

tions of comedies averaged 750 (this includes several Salt Lake City was also a commercial hub of the matinee performances) compared with 855 for all state, which attracted people from distant towns. Very

others, or seven percent less. These figures concerning likely many of these visitors attended Shakespearean

the size of audiences in a playhouse seating fifteen plays.

hundred are significant, in that Salt Lake City during To bring people to Salt Lake City for theater prothis time was a small city (20,768 in 1880, 44,843 in ductions on occasions when they were not there for 1890, and 53,324 in 1900). business and church activities, the management adverThough productions of Shakespeare's plays in Utah tised in local papers in Provo and Ogden and arranged

outside of Salt Lake City were few in comparison ( one for special theatrical excursions to Salt Lake City.

to five ) with those in the Salt Lake Theater, a sufficient The papers on rare occasions mention that Ogden number were presented to merit consideration, especitizens were in attendance at the Salt Lake Theater.

cially in Ogden. On the other hand, the outlying Salt Lake City not (Continued on page 763)

OCTOBER I960 721 Stranger InThe 'This country is glorious, Dan, what was all "Red Sands bears no resemblance to this,"Dan

Wells'tone was solicitous. "So don't build up your

that about burning sands and desert waste? hopes after I've spent months preparing you for the

Trying to talk me out of marrying you?"worst. To me it's home, with a charm found nowhere

else—a kind of weathered beauty. But viewed by a

Neva's green eyes consumed the dense pines, coddled girl, raised on a Wilmette estate, it's bound to the agesculptured trunks, the graygreen be a little rugged."

spiked boughs. She settled down in the car outward"I'll probablygesture survive,"of reassurance.she pattedHis hiswordsarmbroughtin an

and breathed deep of the pungent fragrance. a pang of homesickness. She remembered her mother,

722 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA BY JOAN TINGEY ESSIGLand too filled with tears to speak, her father, pressuring comprehend such frugal existence. Strangers in face,

to the last to buy Dan's change of mind, to set him dress, abode, there was no common ground to which up in practice, if they would not go west to the she could fasten. She too loved to dance, but not at a

Navajo Indian Reservation. Squaw Dance, on bare ground to throbbing drums

"But I want you to do more than survive, Neva,"and weird chants; dancing was for gleaming ballDan intruded upon her nostalgia. "I want you to rooms. She loved to ride, not galloping bareback,

love it as I do. Not only the country, but most of save for a homespun saddle blanket, across shadeless

all, the people."Neva recalled Dan's pictures of sand, but through winding green parkways with Dan.

Navajos: herding sheep, riding horses, weaving, dancDan had tasted of her life and taken to it naturally.

ing. As people they had no reality; she could not Given a little time, she told herself, he would give up

OCTOBER 1960 723

this stubborn dedication. Then they would return the white man's name for them. Dineh, The People,

to Wilmette. Dan was not a man to be forced by the spoke from the generations of proud, rangy wanderers.

ultimatum of choosing between her and the Navajos. The world about their reservation had constantly

Time would make the ultimatum unnecessary. He changed, skyscrapers had risen into the air, been torn

must be allowed to feel he had changed his own down, and risen again. The shadows of the twomind. winged plane, which flitted across the desert had

Receiving no response, Dan glanced at Neva and changed to whistling, sleek jet profiles. And somesensed that her thoughts were of home. His lifelong times, when unheard of things were taking place on

goals were conceived and built on love; they must Yucca Flats, a new and frightening voice would speak

not be allowed destruction by this new love for the to them from the heavens and shake their hogans silent woman beside him. threateningly; still they would not change. They were

Actually he wondered if the longing to become a content in their mud hogans, the women in their bright, doctor had ever had a beginning. It seemed to have silveradorned velvet blouses and billowing skirts, the

hung dormant inside him until his tenth year, when men in their tight levis, hometanned moccasins, and it burst forth in an oath of devotion to his friend Zon tall, uncreased black hats.

Nez, who lay writhing and sweating with pains in his He glanced momentarily from the gutted dirt road.

stomach. Dan had run the torrid three miles from the Already the pines had dwindled, leaving only low,

Nez's summer hogan back to his own home at Window gnarled spruce. Soon these would give way to the

Rock to phone the reservation hospital. The doctor barrenness of scant rabbit brush or isolated yucca,

scoffed at the immature voice, "On their diet of smoked tall and straight, yet pliant enough to yield to frenzied bread and watered stew, I'm surprised all these sandstorms and thus to survive. The Navajos were

Navajos don't have stomachaches."He couldn't like that—tall, straight, yielding to the elements. They

possibly drive way out to a hogan, the waiting room had survived, even flourished, becoming the largest was cluttered with sick Indians. "If you want him of the Indian nations. Good reason then, to carry

looked at, bring him in yourself,"he chopped off the themselves so proudly.

conversation with a decisive thud. In the distance he spotted a lonely hogan and close

Frantic, the boy raced to his father's government by, the important circular corral of upright sticks office, explaining between gasps for breath. Mr. lashed together by shreds of cast off clothing—here

Wells, in the Indian Service, had spent his life among resided the family's precious herd of sheep. Gently

the Navajos, never hesitating when one was in need; he touched Neva's arm and pointed toward the hogan.

and the urgency in his son's face told him there was Her eyes followed his direction, "It's unbelievable!

need now for haste. But haste was impeded by the What holds them up?"

rough, winding, wagon trail of a road. By the time "Logs stacked in the shape of a hexagon. The thick

they arrived, Hosteen and Florence Nez had laid mud covering smooths it into a circle. It's sturdy

Zon on soft twigs outside the hogan, for should he die enough, a little crowded by our standards for such inside, the hogan would become Chindee, inhabited prolific dwellers, but cozy."

by spirits, no longer fit for human dwelling. "It's fantastic to see, but to live in—"apprehension

Dan hugged his friend to him in the vain attempt marred her pretty face. "You said our residence at

to keep him in life. It was then he vowed through the new hospital wasn't completed yet; the home this

convulsive sobs that someday he'd come back to the Navajo woman is letting us use, it isn't like that?"

reservation as a doctor—a doctor who cares. His de- "No,"Dan smiled reassuringly. "There is a hogan

termination never wavered, instead it heightened, in back that the Nezes will be living in. But we'll be

spurred by enlightenment in medical school that his in the small house they built of sandstone. Of course

friend's death had been utterly useless—appendicitis, there won't be any water or electricity."Her pensive

so simple when caught in time. Even now after all expression remained, pricking him uneasily. "Maybe

these years it both irked and pained him to think of it. I should have insisted on coming out alone until

A wasted, abortive life, the only child of Holsteen and everything was ready. It's going to be terribly lonely

Florence. But the dead boy had remained a bond of for you. I'll be gone most of the day."

love between the Nezes and himself. They now lived "I'll keep busy. Until I master the culinary arts,

at Red Sands; it would be good to see them again. He it will probably take me from sun up till sundown

wished only that his father were still alive. just to get your dinner ready—maybe longer with a

The long years of medical school and internship coal stove."She winced at the thought.

were behind him. He had come back to The People, Controlled by knowing ( Continued on page 732

The Dineh, as they called themselves. "Navajo"was

724 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA:..:.:,.,...::.-: irpiHHMH M(W1W\;w;M'.VWK*.VW<VwAv.w*w(iwwwKM!.W -:vcv,: K::::.>:;:..";:;::v::v:,vf.:;:; I-:!::;;;:;::.:.,\...:::::: -,'>.;.,:;

MARB.AGES...fO

O/Vo*ces TlWt H\GHr.SOO.OOO 4 ro 1. I9201945, 34,000,000 MARRIAGES

6.000.000 DIVORCES. 6 TO

yutl>g Ple ''"'"A our divorce rate i* 1 /oMeir willingness to "ex?e<AeA M

f'..-:::;.rr::::.-,,:.:

Misinterpreted

*MMMP4|p

Statistics BY GLENN M. VERNON v—-".{-.v+HKeeMMiwmattMctttofliis

Latterday Saints in particular, and Americans in divorce court. These records are widely known, and

general, are a recordkeeping people. In the Church we are, accordingly, widely judged from these recwe are constantly concerning ourselves with such ords. Available evidence, however, indicates that

things as attendance records, tithing records, and ward these records are extensively misinterpreted! If this

teaching records. In the nation we pay frequent attenis true, then, who suffers? We do!

tion to such records as income tax records, production Let's look at our divorce records and the interpretarecords, unemployment records, and sports records. tions thereof, to see why this is so.

We were recently engaged in what is probably the "One out of every three Detroit marriages ends largest recordtaking process in the world—the 1960 in the divorce court"a recent issue of a major Detroit

US Census. Since we are frequently evaluated, by newspaper said, and then went on to indicate a national

ourselves as well as others, from these records, it average of "one in four."This "one in four"comwould seem to be important to keep the record as parison is a familiar one to anyone who has read much

accurately as possible, and then also to interpret our about divorce today. It is often quoted from the pulrecords in a manner so that we can properly underpit and in discussion groups. It even shows up in

stand what they say about us. We are all aware of more scholarly publications such as the widely used

the fact that this goal of accuracy is, at times at least, college textbook in "Social Problems"which states that not completely realized, and that when this happens "currently one marriage out of each four that are someone generally suffers. contracted ends in divorce."Likewise, a popular text

One type of record to which we in America pay for college courses in "Courtship and Marriage"porfrequent attention is our divorce record, Since widetrays the current divorce pattern with a picture of spread recognition is given to the influence which four couples in wedding clothes, one of which has a the family exerts in so many different aspects of life, big "X"through it, which suggests that one out of it is not surprising that attention is also given to the every four couples who get married terminates their frequency with which marriages terminate in the marriage in divorce. (Continued on page 750)

OCTOBER I960 725 "How Carefully Do We Select

BY WALTER E. McPHlE

Who has more important responsibilities than the to teach comes into full view.

Church executive who must discover and select An example or two may help to put the above ideas teachers of the gospel? The real importance of the into proper perspective. A superintendent of a public

task is far too often overlooked. The person who school district is faced with a problem. He has a

selects teachers inherits the responsibility for the vacancy in his staff for which he has been unable to influence those teachers have on the lives of their find a qualified teacher. As the first day of school

students! approaches, he hires a virtually unknown applicant

The true importance of teacher procurement is seen and is relieved of the pressure of the moment. It is

best, perhaps, if one really understands why teachers discovered later that the new teacher is substandard.

are needed in the Church organization. When the He does not prepare well; his teaching is punctuated

time came for God to send his children to earth for a with error; there is a complete lack of interest and

new and necessary kind of experience, two plans were motivation. What are the possible results? More than

considered. One, which was rejected, embodied the likely the students in his class will be unprepared in

use of force, but guaranteed that all of the Father's some way for future life. They may not have an

children would pass the test and would be returned adequate background in spelling, arithmetic, or any to him. The second, which was accepted and is the number of other kinds of essential preparedness.

plan under which we now live, suggested no use of Now, for the purpose of extending the example, force. Rather, man was to be guided, persuaded, led, look at a similar situation which exists in a Church

and otherwise assisted in achieving his purpose here setting. An executive in the Sunday School (or Prion earth. He was to be taught as a free agent, a manmary, or the Mutual Improvement Associations, or

ner fitting for a true child of God. Thus, the very priesthood, etc. ) is faced with a problem of filling a

plan of salvation itself was one of learning—learning vacancy in his staff. He goes over a wellworn list,

what man must know if he is to regain the presence ready to accept anyone who will agree to the position.

of his Father in heaven. With this understood, the If a new family is moving into the ward, the executive

magnitude of the responsibility inherent in the task is likely to arrive at the house before the furniture of discovering and selecting people who are qualified does. With little or no knowledge of the new mem726 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

u Teachers For God's Children?

ber's background, his testimony (or lack of it), his possibilities that the students might learn to dislike attitudes, or his abilities, he is quickly invited to fill the class? What are the chances that some of the

the vacancy. The executive justifies his actions on students might develop, from their dislike of the class,

the basis that if he does not move swiftly some other a distaste for going to Church itself? And, if this

ward leader will. The fact that this is very often true happens, what may follow? A negatively impressed

only serves to point out the importance of taking a student may refuse to go to Church, or he may conmuch closer look at the possible results which may tinue to go out of a sense of duty—even though he

occur from such procedures. would rather not. In the first case the effects are obWhat may happen? In a sweeping generalization it vious since divorcing oneself from Church attendance

may be said that if the new teacher happens to be certainly weakens one's chances of meriting a return to substandard, he may in fact thwart the very purpose the Father's presence. The second choice of action

for which he was asked to serve. In the public is a better one, perhaps, but not much less dangerous.

school example, the seriousness of the situation was Even though a student continues to go to Church, if seen in the possible unpreparedness of the students to he is possessed with a negative attitude, he will look meet certain problems in life. In the Sunday School at his experiences negatively. It will take many exsituation, however, there is a real possibility that the tremely good teachers to overcome the original imstudents involved may not be prepared to meet the pressions.

problem of eternity-, they may be unprepared to find Not all of the possible harmful effects arising from their way back to their Father in heaven. poor teaching can be categorized as attitudes. Some

To some readers, the suggestion that a poor, subwell-meaning teachers have their own private interstandard teacher in the Church may be responsible pretations of the gospel and are eager to promote these for the failure of some students to regain the presence ideas wherever possible. Moreover, some teachers in

of God is a little harsh—if not absurd. But is it? If the Church are only superficially strong. Their testionly meager preparation goes into lesson planning, if monies have given way to doubts and uncertainties,

the lesson is prepared on the way to Church or during and they seem to gain satisfaction from transferring the opening exercises (or not at all), what are the these weaknesses to others. Still others are "good

CONDUCTED BY THE UNIFIED CHURCH SCHOOL SYSTEM

OCTOBER I960 727 teachers"in the classroom, but teach far stronger on a spurof-themoment basis. Through interviews,

negative sermons through their actions in everyday careful observations of response to assignments, and life. investigation, however, an executive can determine

"The same subject taught by two different teachers the depth of a testimony with much accuracy.

may scarcely be recognizable as the same subject- ( 2 ) A good teacher will have "unfeigned love for so great is the variety of individual color, personal bias, children."People who receive love reciprocate, and

and point of view—and so potent a factor are the such an atmosphere is extremely conducive to learning

personality and personal life of the teacher."( Richard the gospel. Such love implies honor and justice in

L. Evans, "The Spoken Word,"The Improvement Era, all interactions. Here, again, no hurriedup appoint46:662, November 1943.) ment will reveal this characteristic. Time consuming

The executive who makes snap judgments in acobservations appear to be the main avenue open for quiring his teaching staff and then comforts himself discerning this desirable trait.

through thinking that all goes well because he has ( 3 ) A good teacher is one who manifests "thorough placed a copy of the manual course in his teachers'preparation. The successful teacher studies the child,

hands may be ignoring the facts—and, in so doing, as well as the lesson."Substitute teaching assignmay actually put the eternal ments, other assignments,

lives of the students involved recommendations from prein jeopardy. TREE IN A DESERT LAND vious Church associates, and

Admitting, then, that poor similar means may be emBY MAUDE RUBIN teaching can have disasployed to determine the trous effects on the lives of On this windscrawled page of desert sand value a prospective teacher students, natural questions places on preparation.

arise from those people who One poplar (4) Cheerfulness is anare charged with the responStands like an exclamation point to show other characteristic of a good sibility of discovering and teacher, "not forced, but selecting teachers: "What The climax of a tale of flashing flood natural cheerfulness, springshould we do? What can we Whose water licked its way through cotton ing spontaneously from the

do?"It is unlikely that any snow soul."This characteristic

one encompassing answer can be discovered more could be given to these quesTo release one downy seed quickly, perhaps, than any tions that would be equally To sunshine, of the others. In a very

satisfying to all concerned. short time, through interIt is hoped, however, that Life and growth. action with the person being

the following suggestions considered, a cheerful or will prove to be helpful. sour countenance becomes

Executives who are involved in teacher procureapparent.

ment should: (a) know the characteristics of good (5) President McKay would want a teacher of the

potential teachers, (b) seize every opportunity to gospel to possess the "power to act nobly."How a

build the prestige, dignity, and worth of good teachers, potential teacher acts outside of the classroom cannot and (c) encourage and promote the teacher training be determined immediately. Time taken to make inprogram. quiries, to read recommendations, and to observe careNot all characteristics of good teachers are overt fully, however, will pay high dividends and possibly

and easily discerned, but some do lend themselves to may help avoid a real catastrophe. Imagine the effect

discovery. President David O. McKay has listed five upon the minds of students who discover that their

characteristics which are essential to good teaching teacher, with whom they often identify closely, is and which seem to be important in this consideration. immoral, dishonest, or blasphemous when not in a

(David O. McKay, "To the Teacher,"The Improvechurch environment!

ment Era, 58:55758, August 1955.) Hector Lee has proposed a decalogue for teachers

(1) A good teacher will have an "implicit faith in which might serve well as an appendage to the above the gospel of Jesus Christ and a sincere desire to serve suggestions. (Hector Lee, "Ten Commandments for

God."Without a testimony of the truth, teachers Teachers,"Adult Education Bulletin, April 1941, as

form dangerous leaders of the seeking minds of the quoted in The Improvement Era, 44:559, October

Church. Discerning whether or not a prospective 1941.) Though the article in which it appears was

teacher has a testimony can rarely be done quickly or written nearly twenty (Continued on page 746)

728 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The Era of Youth

OCTOBER 1960

Marion D. Hanks, Editor

Elaine Cannon, Associate Editor

n

this # issue

WAYS

**m** '**<#*.

FOROGOOO by Marion D. HanksOOOOOOOO

"Language most shows a man; speak, that I may see thee."Ben Jonson

The man who said, "Monkeys very sensibly refrain from speech"was humorously pointing up one of the most important and distinctive attributes of man—his ability to communicate through language, through words. He was also emphasizing the great blessing and grave responsibility of

possessing such an attribute, and that some of us could make better use of it!"

"That's for sure,"says a young person. "Sometimes I think that animals are smarter than

people by not talking. Every time I open my mouth I seem to get into difficulty!"

Many of us don't know how to express ourselves effectively. But we can learn, and almost

everyone understands how vital it is to our success and happiness that we do learn how to convey our thoughts clearly and correctly and convincingly.

Said Joseph Conrad, "Give me the right word and the accent, and I will move the world."

True, most of us are not anxious (or likely) to "move the world."We simply want to be able

to speak with confidence and understandability. A good place to begin is to appreciate the

importance of what we say and how we say it.

During World War II three Latterday Saint boys serving in the Navy were invited for dinner in the home of a friendly family whose own son was overseas. As was their custom, the

hostess served an alcoholic cocktail before dinner. One of the young men was confused and

afraid to offend and hesitantly reached out for the glass. The second seemed insulted at the invitation (though the family knew nothing about the boys or their religious convictions) and indignantly refused the drink, embarrassing the lady. The third young man smiled warmly, graciously

thanked her, and quietly explained that none of them used alcohol. During the course of the

evening, one of the three was invited to teach the interested and responsive family the story of the gospel. It takes little imagination to guess which of them had this privilege.

Think of the power of words! With words we can bless or curse, criticize or praise, teach truth

or falsehood. We can crush, sting, entice to evil, plant foul thoughts and unwholesome stories

or we can use words to inspire, encourage, show sympathy and compassion, share happiness.

Words can be used for gossip, arousing a mob, injuring a good name—or to calm and comfort,

counsel, teach faith, reprove, cry repentance. We can say yes, or no. We can mock and sneer, treat

forholy things lightly, "make man an offender for a word"—or we can worship and pray and

give. With words we speak to our Heavenly Father and testify of his goodness and his love.

Words, then, are instruments. Their effect is determined by how, in what spirit, and for

what purpose we use them.

To speak for oneself, with knowledge, using good judgment, knowing when to be silent; to

leave unsaid the wrong thing at the tempting moment; to fit our conduct with our words—these

are vital human opportunities; and there is something more. We must be genuine. Words may

convey a message to the mind; sincerity sends a message to the heart.

We will probably never know how many parents have been brought to faith, how many schoolmates, neighbors, friends have come into the Church, how many servicemen have been baptized, because young Latterday Saints knew enough about the gospel and had faith and courage enough to teach it and live it. What a marvelous harvest would occur if every young

person in the Church were to learn the gospel and speak for himself!

In school, at work, at play, how important it is to be able to communicate clearly and live convincingly.

So, In school, with your friends, in seminary and committee meetings and the speech contest, on your feet in testimony meeting and on your knees in your room, to the elderly and the sick and the suffering, the lonely and frightened, to your parents and family, to the student who cheats or talks of it, to your employer, SPEAK FOR YOURSELF!

1. You're doing your homework over the tele- 6. Someone calls and says "guess who this is"

phone, and Dad needs to make a call, so you: so you:

a. glare at Dad and go on with your lessons a. hang up

b. explain the situation to your friend and b. mimic operator by saying "This is not a

call back working number"c. do homework by yourself c. ask what the prizes are for getting the

right answer 2. A friend is visiting and another one telephones "just to talk,"so you: 7. Someone on the party line is using the

a. settle down for a gabfest on the phone phone and you want to make a call, so you:

b. greet phoning friend warmly and ask if a. tell them you have to call a doctor

you could return the call later b. keep picking up the receiver and sighing

c. have someone in the family tell phone c. wait a reasonable length of time and

caller you can't come then try again

3. You are crazy over a certain someone and

have a hankering to hear his or her voice, so 8. You've made a call and when someone says

you: "hello"you ask:

a. dial the number and hang up when he a. "who is this?"

or she answers b. "is Jane (or whoever) at home?"

I please speak with Jane?"b. call up and say, "What are you doing?"c. "may

c. stifle the urge by reading a book

Round up the crowd at your house and TEST YOUR TELEPHONE TACTICS

9. The phone call has gone on past a reason-

4. Someone calls for a family member not at able time limit and there seems to be no quithome, so you:

ting point, so you say:

a. tell the caller they're not home and hang

a. "I've gotta go now."

up b. "goodness, I didn't realize I'd kept you so

b. identify yourself and ask to take a meslong."

sage c. "the 'war department'around here is

c. tell him to call back

bristling... let's quit talking!"

5. You and your family are having trouble 10. You've been invited on a date, or to a

over the use of the phone, so you: party, and you have accepted then you say:

a. demand your own phone now that you a. "thank you so very much for calling. Will

are a teen with so many calls I hear from you again about final details b. operate on a firstcome-getsto-keepit or should we make it definite now?"

premise b. "I'll be seeing you."

c. invest in a timer and agree on a time limit c. launch off onto a lengthy conversation

per call for all about something else.

ipoap sao6 3ui| XjjdcJ jnoX sjojaq saipoj ouoL|d3|a| jnoX 3J03S jnoX 4| puy -jsmsud pajjco tpoa joj sjmod Ql ajoag uo dn i|sruq jayaq poX psjpunij d punojo 6uu3aolj j,usj o-ol -q-6!:>-3 '3-z -'-9 -'-s q-t''3 -e -q-z ''"l:Sa3MSNV

LOOK WHO'S TALKING Rule Number One: Choose a subject on which

you have a sincere conviction.

of the nation's leading salesWHAT DO I SAY? Not long ago one

men spoke to a group of young men who had deby Arthur S. Anderson cided to make selling their life's work. He passed

"Mom, what shall I talk on?"on to them this important piece of information:

"Not 'talk on/ dear; talk about,"comes the "Sincerity is the most priceless tool of salesmanreply from the kitchen. But who cares about the ship. With it a man can do wonders; without it, no

Queen's English when it's Saturday night, and man can be a real success."

you don't even have a subject for the two and a So make this Rule No. 1: Choose a subject on

halfminute talk you have to give Sunday morning. which you have a sincere conviction through your

The subject is almost always the hardest own experience, study, or through vicarious expart; once this is decided, the rest of the job is periences of others.

relatively easy. A talk that is composed without a Rule Number Two: Choose a subject that is

title or a clearly defined objective will likely end of real interest or importance to the audience you up where it started—nowhere. So to make better intend to address.

talks, choose better talk topics. And to choose Ask yourself these questions about your

better topics, follow these three basic rules audience

jft * v* <k aytV * **y**vv *yVt\ * * i ] 4 * < ]—< > < < * 9 >—,S ftftftJ will disappear when you get into your talk. HOW DO I SAY IT?

And do get right into it. When your turn has

by Dr. Keith M. Engar come, walk right to the pulpit and take a firm

If you're nervous when you stand up before a stance with weight evenly placed on both feet.

congregation to give a talk, congratulations and Save the swaying for the dance floor. Stand erect

welcome to the human race. Millions share your and look right at the people to whom you're speakfeelings. Some people even brag about it although ing. Include all the congregation as you talk by

they're really making a trite play for sympathy. directing your glance first at one group, then anJust accept the fact that a bit of nervousness beother, until all have felt your penetrating gaze.

fore a talk is par for the discourse. If you are preIf you feel the urge to illustrate a point with

pared, if you believe in what you're saying and a gesture, by all means do so, but avoid artificial want to convince others, then your nervousness movements. No one will shoot you if you grip the

1. How old will the members of the audience Here are a few thought starters to help you

be? begin your talk topic file:

2. Will they be male, female, or both? 1. What does it mean to "love your neighbor as yourself?"

3. What common interest will the group (based on your experience in helping others)

have: religion, sports, scouting, fashions, 2. ofDoessmokingsmokingon preservefreedom toyourchoosefree friends,agency?activities,(the effectetc.)

marriage, etc? 3. "No man is an island..."(comparing the necessity of

4. What subjects will be discussed in other teamworkfriends) in athletics with teamwork at home, with

talks before and after mine? 4. Would you like to swing on a star? (telling how a goal

Rule Number Three: Decide in advance what 5. helped"Steadyyouas sheachievegoes something..."(viewsworthwhile)on going steady)

action you want your audience to take as a result 6. The Hidden Persuaders, (giving reasons why it is wise

it) follow course and chart your of your or the on talk and keep this in mind when you choose 7. to working (on Sunday money's Your ownworth—subject. your it is acquired) of measured by the way value money

Now here is one last suggestion: Get some 8. "My brother's keeper"(how "the gang"kept a friend

3"x 5"index cards and start a personal file on from making a serious error) talk subjects. Next time you hear someone talk on This is just a start, with opportunities un-

a subject on which you have an educated opinion, limited for sincere and effective talks. Start a

background, or sincere conviction, jot down some collection now of your personal talk topics and notes and write them on a card for your storage never agair be caught saying, "Mom, what shall I list. talk on?"

edges of the pulpit with your hands, but remember you'd better dig out a few cogent (look that up) that when you converse with friends, you use your words to enlarge your vocabulary.

whole body to emphasize what you're saying. If When you've finished your talk, go directly to

you possibly can, use the same style when giving your seat, and don't ham it up by turning to your a talk. In our twentieth century era of p. a. systems neighbor to let everyone in the congregation know

and mikes, you can duplicate the conversational how glad you are it's over. Everyone on the stand,

style nicely. Speak distinctly, though, or not even including you, should act reverently from start to

the mike can save you. finish of the meeting.

Use only the words you need to give life to There are two words which sum up all we've your own eloquence. Affected speech is worse than said: be honest. If you're honest, you'll be effecyour own, natural, sloppy style, but since good tive, and the Church needs effective speakers.

speech habits are more important today than ever, We're counting on you to set the pace.

"Thanks just the same, but, no thanks!"A phrase

often easier read than said—depending, of course, on the

taunts of the crowd and the strength of your will power in a moment of temptation.

Whether it's an invitation to take a beer "just this once,"park on Lonely Lane, or break the Sabbath day, a teen must say "no"gracefully and still make it stick. This

is a trick the sooner learned the better used.

The time to decide anything is not at the moment of crisis, really. You may succeed in only raising a gulp

in your throat when a good firm refusal is just what's needed.

A "no"in any other language may be just as meaningful, but learning to say it in more words than one is a trick teens would do well to master. A wise phrase lightly

uttered can ease the tension of teasing. A ready answer

can stall further temptation. A bit of wit can shift the

HOW TO SAY

DISCREETLY..

by Elaine Cannon

mood. And your point has been gained without insult

or offense.

A holierthan-thou approach not only is unbecoming andblaze—uncalledmakesforthe butcrowdusuallymore addsdeterminedfuel to thana cracklingever to

break down smug defenses.

Your basic reasons for refusal should be wellgrounded. You should know WHY you don't want to

smoke, drink, park, go steady, go slumming, or cheat.

Your refusal should be based on a firm personal conviction arrived at by study, an understanding of gospel principles, observance of the lives of others, selfanalysis, and prayer for guidance.

In other words, don't lean your case on "my mother says I can't"or "my Church says 'no.'"Know for yourself, and answer for yourself, and the results will be far

better. And don't listen to the foolish suggestion that

everyone is doing it. The fact is that not everyone is

doing it. No one with good sense is.

THE QUESTION: Let's go steady should we?

SOME ANSWERS: Listen, Billy Boy, I can't even bake a cherry pie... let's go get a

pizza instead... I'm too young to be buried alive... you deserve a better fate than

this... think it over carefully in the harsh light of day... do we have any witnesses

for an agreement of this kind?... I didn't know you were an isolationist... climbing

Mt. Everest would be smarter... could we make it "steadily?"... I like you too well

to tie you down... comparison makes the heart grow fonder, y'know... its'against my

word of wisdom... would we have a joint checking account?..

THE QUESTION: How about a beer (or cigaret)?

SOME ANSWERS: I'm in training for the Russian Ballet... I'm in training...

against my principles... Me?... I like raw oysters better... you want I should be

sick right here?... no, thanks, allergies you know... thanks, but I like SEEING my

friends... but I'd break out in a rash... 7 talk plainer this way... I must be in the

wrong pew... I ivas born thirty years too late... may I have a soda pop instead?

I get the same effect inhaling exhaust...

THE QUESTION: Let's head for Lonely Lane, hm?

SOME ANSWERS: Have you ever had scarlet fever?... you must have me confused

with somebody else... croquet, anyone?... what's the matter, are you too tired to drive,

anymore?... let's go make fudge at my house... say, did you hear the one about the

... it's getting late and my Mom will be ivaiting... say, did you know mybeatnikMWMttKMMMMnmWRwho?

dad was a jui jitsu expert?... but I turn into a pumpkin at midnight... I make a better

sparring partner... that's offlimits for me... is the food good there?... let's think

of something more original... but I still have a Sunday School lesson to prepare...

parking turns me purple, and my dress is yellow... I can't stand clashing colors... when

it's time to park, it's past my bedtime... but I'm, so thirsty... I've seen the place and

view is ghastly... I never go there with boys in blue (or whatever color) ties...

THE QUESTION: Aw come on, it's fun to go slumming.

SOME ANSWERS: It's fun to go parachute jumping, too, and maybe smarter... who

writes your material these days... my horoscope advises against it... but how would

I explain it in my diary?... let's go raid my fridge, instead... who wants ptomaine

poisoning just before Thanksgiving?... I'm strictly the Waldorf type, myself... let's

drop in on the nearest psychiatrist first... Tiddlywinks, anyone?... let's street dance,

instead... and I was having such a wonderful time... who let in that ill wind... so

what else is new... only if I can go home and get my mink first...

Mys do,

- Wou

,, would you like* to go to fee school dance with me?""Oh Tom, I'd lov

'.... These words won't t'll pick you up at eight."...."Thanks Tom, see ymi

in history, nor do they sound like a Summit Conferen on, but they did get Tom id so they served'their purpose. The wonderful, awakerfi n years are sometimes made

jrrifying because we have the feeling that our mouths have b:actly measured to fit our

J!rovercome:. thisu terror there are Certain conversational helps th.

"iral, and relaxed whether we are asking for a date, accepting onJj ring or reel >r trying out our thoughts on grownups. I gfc

>r instance, a boy can help himself by coming to the point quickly rather than asj tewhat r questions such as: "Are you busy?""fyiiat are you doing Friday?""Are you >

Do let the girl.know that you are anxious to have her as your date; don't give her the third

and don't be a poor sport if she turns you down.

by Bobette JohnsonWHAT DID YOU SAY?

A girl can help by accepting graciously with a quick "Thank you"or "I'd love t boy down gracefully with "I'm sorry, but I'm busy"or "I already have a date. But thank for asking me."

In every conversation the key to being at ease is to mean what you say, kc and simple and your mind and tongue working together.

For example: to compliment, one can say, "Your dress is lovely"or "You look wonderful."Simple

words, indeed, but much better than trying for Hollywood phrases which by their very nature and use sound insincere. A compliment is best accepted by a simple "Thank you"and a mod|smile.

To introduce someone, simplicity is atom the key. and a '.'Mary, this is Tom"and*5 How do vou do,

Mary"are hard to improve on. If you trp| )thers your introductions w.i

warm, sincere, and effective.

Talking to adults is nof Tyou decide Sinatra, and walking in the rain. Now tell me

about you...)CONVERSATION Second rung up the conversational ladder

you are really TALKING! Some new ones to conPIECE sider.takes you into the exciting realm of ideas. Now

Talk about... books, movies, TV, major

league games, and the newest sports car on the WATCH FOR... frozen milk concentrate... a

block, fashions, trips, Dave Brubeck's latest hit; new hummable hit "Our Language of Love,"in the

... the past (Remember the Prom last year?) mood of "Three Penny Opera"and by the same com-

... the present (Isn't this food the greatest?) poser.... Plastrons—not a bandage or building ma-

... the future (Making any plans for vacation next terial but a popover bib to be worn on top of dresses.

year?) even the weather! First cousin to a "weskit."

But if you want to make your conversation pleasant, memorable, even impressive; if you want

to strike a responsive note with most anybody at TASTE TREAT... Spaghetti Balalaika

all, old or young, male or female, but especially which mixmatches RussianItalian cookery with SOMEBODY, talk about THEM (Aren't you in one wonderful dish now wowing continenthe one tvho... toured Yellowstone by bicycle last tal travelers. Russian sauce combines bacon

summer?... rated raves in the talent assembly?) bits, oil onion, and tomato pieces, and litGood talk, the YOU approach, is what makes erally gobs of paprika (can you stand it?).

the difference bettveen tivo people exchanging pleasantries as they wait at the bus stop and friends. PARTY LINE... Ginger Wood, Parley's Stake,

Given nothing more than names to go on, you Salt Lake City, and Pam Thomas, Santa Ana Stake, can always talk about US. (Well, should we fill in California grace the cover and telephone tactics page,

the blanks? I'm a senior and like shishkabob. respectively, posing with their party lines in operation.

I'D LIKE TO KNOW immediatelyin their context,in a goodnow knowingdictionary.theirReadmeaning.them againUse

them, when they can be properly used in normal

QUESTION: When some people pray they say expression. Do not use them to impress or confuse,

"thou"and "thee, "while others do not. to "show off."

Is it important to use such language? A good way to learn words is to trace their

ANSWER: When we pray, we talk to our Heavenorigin, or learn their parts. For instance, the word

is a result of a newspaper misprint.ly Father. He is much more interested in our HOODLUM

hearts than in our words, of course, and will accept A newspaperman writing about a rowdy named the humble, honest prayers of his children in MULDOON reversed the letters of his name to whatever language. In reverence before the holidescribe him. He called him a NOODLUM. A

ness of the Lord, however, because he is our printer mistook the letter N for the letter H and eternal, allwise Father, because we sense our the word was printed HOODLUM.

limitations and his majesty, we are counseled to A fascinating way to develop vocabulary is to use the formal language of prayer, "thou,""thee,"study a word in connection with its family tree.

and "thine."For instance, when you see a word containing the

root DIC or DICT, you can be fairly sure that part

QUESTION: How can a person acquire a good of its meaning has to do with speaking, since that

vocabulary? is what the root means in Latin. PREDICT means

ANSWER: Read! Read widely, read observantly, to speak about a thing before it happens. CONwith deep interest in words and the way they are TRADICT means to speak against, or oppose.

used. Mark the words you do not fully understand, Other words like DICTION, DICTIONARY, DICconsider how they are used, then look them up TATOR, VERDICT, etc., are related.

Gravel Gus...

Now it is most offensive To talk to Gravel Gus, He ought to go "Ahem, ahem"And clear his throat for us.

Slurring Sue

She's better known as "mpfttpmpht'

Her name is Slurring Sue, And mumbojumbo you must know To dig her talk, it's true.

How are

your sound effects? When last

seen, were your friends running1 the other

with their fingers plugged in their ears? Next

time you're chatting in the malt shop, shouting at the i game, whispering while dancing, or reporting at theWHAT youth meet... next time you open your mouth at all,

SOUNDS compare your sound effects with the static created

W by these typical teen offenders. Work

to make your voice pleasing not

freezing.

Boisterous Bud

Oh, Boisterous Bud puts on a show

Each time he says a word.

He shouts and guffaws openmouthed

The grimmest thing we've heard.

Arpeggio Ann

Arpeggio Ann squeals up and down

In major 'n minor keys Her shrill ejaculations greet Most everyone she sees.

.-*"..* VHUll*,, / / afiK**- *f / / %\ / r"/ =i =

* * # / f"i**'=

5 **'/.',11"'--fir <J;>,;

- LiiiiiiBiiima ) r\ piss"I n ij tmu/i.

Julie, a shy, attractive girl nearing her twenties, sat secure when I am with him. I don't know what I'd

silently across from me. The YWMIA president had do if I lost his love and companionship. I'm frightsuggested that she talk to me about a personal probened, Bishop Wilson. I don't know what to say to

lem. In the silence of the moment, I allowed her to him in my letters. Can you help me?"

gather her thoughts. Finally she raised her eyes to In her eyes I could see tears forming. My heart

mine and spoke, pleadingly: "Bishop, will you help went out to her. I knew just how serious this problem

my boy friend?"could be.

"I'll do what I can, Julie. What seems to be the "Julie,"I spoke, "your problem is real and very

trouble?"serious. Our boys join the service, leave home for the

"He's only been in the Navy a short time, and I first time, and face great moral dangers. What do you

received a letter from him the other day telling me think I could do; Julie, that would help Bob and you?"

that he was ashamed of himself. It seems he went "Bishop, you always say such inspiring things to us,

out with some boys to have a good time. He got into could you write some of these things to Bob the next

bad company, drank with them, and associated with time you write?"

girls who do not live our standards. I don't know "That's not asking too much, Julie. Even though

how seriously involved he became."we are at a disadvantage by being separated and have

Her voice stopped and I could see that she was to rely upon the words of a letter, I'll do and say trying to contain herself. Finally she continued: whatever I can to help Bob.

"Bob's a good person. He's been active in the Church "Remember, Julie, he is faced with great temptations

all his life. Every Sunday you would find him in every day he is away. The only companionship he

priesthood meeting and in the evening at Sacrament has of you now is his recollection of your past assoservice. His morals and conduct have been unquesciation and the letters you write. Write to him often.

tioned, Every day if you have the time. Keep before him the

"I have always been shy and unsure of myself until great goals you are both working towards."

I met Bob. He helped me become active in our I went on to explain in detail some of the many

ward. Now I am working towards the time when we things she could tell him in her letters.

can be married in the temple. I feel so strong and After considerable (Continued on page 761)

BY MONTE C. SCOVILLE BISHOP OF THE KEARNS 1 4TH WARD

OCTOBER 1960 729 COUGAR FOOTBALL

YEAR OF BROADCASTS

PLAY BY PLAY BY

DEAN BENNETT

1960 BYU SCHEDULE HEAR ALL THE GAMES ON

DATE OPPONENT BDCST. TIME

Sept. 16 vs. Calif. Poly 8:15 PM if& DUX

Sept. 23 at San Jose St 7:45 PM

Oct. 1 at Colo. State U 7:45 PM fado

Oct. 7 at Univ. of Utah 8:15 PM

Oct. 15 vs. Arizona St. U 1:15 PM

1160 ON YOUR DIALOct. 22 at Univ. of Montana 1:15 PM

Oct. 29 at Utah State U 1:15 PM

Nov. 5 vs. U. of New Mexico 1:15 PM WRITE KSL FOR HANDY WALLET SIZE

Nov. 12 at U. of Denver 1:15 PM BROADCAST SCHEDULE.

Nov. 19 vs. U. of Wyoming 1:15 PM

730 THE IMPROVEMENT EBA BUILDING COSTS ARE LOWER WITH

MAINTENANCE

COSTS ARE LOWER WITH

Whatever you're building—homes,

schools, churches or commercial buildings, only brick has all the advantages of economical, durable construction. Brick is not only low

in initial cost, but is practically free of maintenance costs. Brick offers

outstanding protection against the elements... it's firesafe and

permanent. Available in many new

color shades, that will harmonize in any architectural plan.

Manufacturers of Burned Clay Products

INTERSTATE BRICK CO.

3100 SOUTH 1100 EAST SALT I A K E CITY, UTAH

OCTOBER I960 731 Stranger in the Land by invisible, strangespeaking creahim was a curious assortment of tures. She heard Dan's voice, soft feathers, shells, rocks, and several

items. guttural, she could not unnondescript but and(Continued from page 724)

said. seizure left him derstand he a word The coughing A woman's

hands, the car bounced from the narvoice broke in intermittently. It breathing in huge, raspy gasps. Dan

row gravel road into two weaving had never occurred to her that Dan continued to clasp his hand, to smile, ruts, following them into the desert spoke Navajo, she felt piqued at not to speak soothingly. Finally the old

like a train clinging to its tracks. being told. Now she could see his man closed his eyes and rested.

Occasionally the wheels whirred as outline. She took his hand, securing They left quietly.

they spewed through drifts of red herself, reminding him of her presAt a discreet distance Neva broke sand, heaved in long fingers by the ence. He drew her to him, speaking the silence. "Why that black paint

omnipresent wind: the mischievous, so she could understand. "I'm sorry, on his face? And those queer things

temperamental wind: one time dancDarling, I didn't mean to leave you around him?"

ing, whistling; other times raging, out. Florence, this is my wife, "They held a sing and that was

roaring, pushing, and bending everyNeva."The Navajo woman moved part of the medicine man's ritual to

thing to its will; then in the next closer and touched Neva's hand in a help make him better. Hosteen Nez

instant soft and whispering, like tobrief Navajo greeting. is in the last throes of tuberculosis."

day, gently fanning, bringing relief Dan's expression was pained.

from scorched air and burning "Tuberculosis! But she let us

sands. walk right in by him."

I stop. to Finally the car their education, sporadic a shuddered "With

lives our to Should be extended a all out, jarred to feeling the expect don't clamberedNeva them know still years, live thousand and may weto the bone. intricacies disease. the of she Meticulously with But learn. vicissitude Every pass we

I at into, the dustbrushed her white on advantages born were you is necessary through experience for suit, littlelinen After tolerance. only in a but expect succeeded do preparation example, to and and for

it. allstreaking tuberthe brought people white is that enjoy the reward which for

it, is first to "This culosis other Indian, the the our not Neva, home."faithful. Discourses of Brigham

She looked around, too heartsick Young, p. 345. way around."The severity of his

to speak. True, it wasn't a hogan, tone heightened Neva's anger.

and it was stone, but it looked so "Dan, you've got to insist that we crude, the rocks jutting out in all pay rent for the house, I won't be sizes. The doors and windows were obligated to them. I don't underset noticeably crooked and even the "Dan has told me so much about stand the way they live."

walls weren't straight, like the little you, Mrs. Nez. It's very kind of you Dan was disappointed; in spite of

crooked house in nursery rhyme to let us use your house."She could the months of trying to prepare

books. The plainness of the boxy see the woman now. Baked by the Neva, of imparting understanding,

house was exaggerated by utterly hot dry sun, her face was browned he had failed dismally. She viewed

barren surroundings, not a tree in and furrowed like the earth. Her his people like some bigoted toursight, not so much as a blade of grass. dark eyes glistened astride a promists who stare and babble as though

A clothesline drooped in back, and inent nose. Her thick black hair the Navajos possessed no feeling.

beyond that the red domed hogan was drawn up in a large chongo at Deprived of more violent ways of with a small circular sheep corral the back and wrapped with yards of saving pride and displaying scorn beside it. Nothing else looking the dusty white yarn. A smudged, for the white man's lack of underleast bit human marred the blue green velvet blouse sacked over a standing, the Navajos reverted to

sky or the red earth in all directions wrinkled, sunfaded, orange velvet silence, revealing only an impassive as far as she could see. skirt. face to strangers.

"Let's say hello to the Nezes. I "We are only happy to have Dan Never could an outsider know that

want you to meet Florence. She's a back again."She glowed in admirain their hogans, away from rude,

fine person."He took her hand, tion. "Since I lost my own son, he peering white eyes, was the devoted,

eagerly pulling her along, not notichas become one to me."loving Navajo, protective and close

ing how her thin heels submerged A sudden convulsive coughing of family and clan, quick to laugh with each step. She felt clumsy, drew their attention to a prostrate at homemade jokes, patient, acceptridiculous, and hot stumbling along. figure on the sheepskinned floor. ing what life offers. Sharing with

She certainly did not feel like meetDan dropping quickly to one knee, each other to the bottom of the flour ing any of his old friends. Dan grasped the thin trembling hand that sack, to the last spark of a warm fire.

pushed back the sheepskin and wavered toward him from under a To live, love, and die on their own stepped through the low doorway. faded blanket, and spoke softly to land among their own people, asking

Neva followed, with mounting irrithe old man in his native tongue. and expecting nothing more. The

tation. Neva felt queasy, not used to the friendships, untainted by selfish moAfter the brilliance of the desert, sight of illness. The face was tives, he had found nowhere else.

Neva at first could see nothing exemaciated, the eyes seeming to bulge The lack of a little soap and water, cept the small circle of light through from the sallow, flaccid skin, dotted the lack of a conventional home and the roof. A sudden sense of unreality and streaked with black paint. His a broad education seemed trivial in

possessed her, of having fallen into thick jet hair was shaggily drawn up comparison.

a dark abyss and finding it inhabited by a soiled band. Strewn close to (To be continued)

732 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA WINTERIZE NOW!

of ATLAS PERMAGUARD Antifreeze all winter

When you get Guaranteed Radiator Protection at your Utoco dealer before Dec. 1, i960, he gives your ear a complete winter

check and servicing of the cooling system, hoses, fittings, drains the radiator and block - - and fills your radiator with the proper amount of Atlas PermaGuard Antifreeze.

You choose the temperature protection you need, even down to 40 below zero.

Under this plan, you are guaranteed free replacement of Atlas

PermaGuard Antifreeze if needed to keep cooling system at the level of protection until April 1, 1961.

fj./.MtR See Your SS*i MBS UTOCO DEALER

UTAH Oil. Mf'NING COMPANY

and get

slQted anhfreeze* AilWinter ATLA5 PERMAGUARD is at s,ch - r.f.hot* it* will degreemointain

in lag, iato, rad when *drferi., mointained tho. con**Jthan At Protection NOW, arger mechao'eal from l,e.

to maintain the in, J\fJ-* 9 fQCQ >:Ri; kftftfcfW, r.C i'

Vbf/ expect more from UTOCO and you get It!

OCTOBER I960 733 I'll Tell the World see only one way of doing something, especially likely to happen when we that is the time to look hardest for are under pressure.

(Continued from page 717) another way. Many examples might be cited to

6. Short circuit thinking. This illustrate this point. It happens so

certain way, that is the best way "short circuit"is built into us, to be often that a slang expression has to do it. used in time of emergencies. If we been applied to it: "blowing your

To prevent or to remedy "tunnel see something falling toward us, we top."A teacher with an unruly class

vision"in our thinking, follow these are able to jump out of the way or may allow the distraction to build rules: Anything that is obvious take other necessary action without up a pressure within her, until some

should be suspected. Obviousness actually thinking about what we incident causes this "blowing the

exists not in things, but in our way should do. This unthinking reaction top"or reacting without thinking.

of thinking and feeling about such is appropriate only in an emergency; We may be talking to or working

things. We stay in the "tunnel"unhowever, unfortunately, all of us ocwith someone who is under pressure

less we break our rigid habit of casionally see emergencies where at home, at work, or elsewhere and thinking or feeling. Whenever you they don't actually exist. This is who suddenly takes offense at something we say or do for no apparent

reason.

By being aware of the possibility

Fretfulness... and tionsof reactingyou canin sometimesthis way inguardsuch situayour-

self against it. The practice of

is it one, for a good to think chance thoughtfulness "countingmay allow ten"us a and

RICHARD L. EVANS to reconsider our actions.

Knowledge of this reaction can best be used by those attempting to

Some recent weeks ago the Choir recalled some communicate with others who are meaningful music from Mendelssohn's Elijah, from under heavy pressure. We may be today a scriptural which take text, with would THE we to forestall able the reaction by apSPOKEN that lines: words these run along harvest "The now proaching If the person properly. WORD 1 is over, the are days gone."are summer There that you yourself, remember you,

times when all of us become acutely aware of the swift passing of can react without thinking in some the seasons, and of the days and hours as they seem exceedingly situations, you will find it easier to short. Being so absorbed in daily details, it is sometimes difficult allow for such reactions in others.

to a sense keep of direction. "To where know you are is a good

thing,"said a sentence recently read: "It is as important But and into7. thisThe traptrap ofand"is."neverYourealizemay fallit.

so, to perhaps this are going."2 more where also you know But result hear the You may a of such

It is also to thing add: a good why. we would has to There know fall if listen to the you of comments

be purpose to make things meaningful. The idle and aimless two different groups who are dismotions, timepassing without a sense of purpose, give a listlessness cussing a lecture they have just atto life. And if we had a word to suggest today it would be "thoughttended. The members of one group

fulness"—thoughtfulness in pausing to consider the point and purmay say: "He is the best speaker

pose of all we do. A sentence from Thomas Hood suggests an I've heard for a long time. You

attitude at least occasionally becoming: "Stand shadowless,"he said, can certainly tell he is smart, just to

"like silence, listening."3—listening, thinking, a little away from the listen to him. His plan is the only

rush and the routine—a little time taken for the quieting of the spirit, one that will work!"Then we move

for the slowing of the pulse, for reflection, for some serenity; a little over to the other group and eavesfreedom from the fevered pace, a little time for appraising the purdrop: "Of all the nonsense I've ever

pose. We often wonder. We often worry. We sometimes spend some heard! He is the worst speaker we've

sleepless hours. We turn things over in our minds, with anxious ever had here.""If they follow his

anxiety. But fretfulness is no substitute for thoughtfulness—the ideas we'd all go to the dogs. It is

thoughtfulness that quiets the spirit—that ponders, that prays, that the poorest plan you can imagine."

thoughtfully appraises, and that doesn't let itself get lost in routine, Remember that both groups are in the trivia of daily detail. Life is a search, and the importance of talking about the same thing. They

the search should not be lost sight of in the swiftly passing seasons. are expressing their judgments as

And we would plead for the slowing of the pace that moves too fast definite facts which ought to be obto absorb the meaning of the passing scenes. We would plead for vious to anyone. Their statements

prayerful pausing, for thoughtfulness, for more awareness of the are not, however, statements about ultimate aim, before the harvest is over, before the summer days the lecture or the man, but about are gone. the speaker's reaction to them.

1See Jeremiah, 8:20. a hear someone When you make

2Quarterly magazine, Rotary International in Great Britain, November 1959. positive statement in this way, men3Thomas Hood, Ode, Autumn.

tally substitute for "is"the words "The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the "seems to me to be."

Columbia Broadcasting System, July 31, 1960. Copyright 1960. So much for the most common

734 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA TAKE 5-WEEKDAYSfor the best in

CHILDREN'S PROGRAMS

This daily CBS presentation with Captain T"1 CAPTAIN KANGAROO 5 tO

Kangaroo and Mr. Greenjeans is packed with wholesome entertainment that \\

has made it an awardwinning delight for kids... and their harried moms. OiUv d III

The class to order comes each day of area viewers, 11 "00 tO atROMPER11 and Miss ROOMBarbara, favoriteSCHOOLof thousands directs in educational OIT1 actlvityinterestingas stud'projects.classmatesPresentedand bythoseCreamat homeO'WeberCottonwood,participate Clover Club nOft ClI the OU Potato Chips, Peter Pan Bread. and

For the best in children's programs

For the best of EVERYTHING Take 5- CBS for the Mountain West KSLTV 5

OCTOBER i960 735 semantic barriers. Now, if we would thoughts, uplifting thoughts—to disFreedoms Face

really improve ourselves, we should seminate information which may imlearn, and develop within us, four prove the world and help our fellow (Continued from page 713) positive traits—the keys which will men. If we thus demonstrate nobilOPEN the door to effective comity of character, our listeners will "Look what I've got!"you'll hear

munication. They are: believe in us, and be more ready to the occasional cry of a worker as he

O. Order listen to us. makes his find for the day. It might

P. Precision These, then, are four traits which be a colonial shoe, a glass bottle, an

E. Empathy OPEN the door of communication. iron pot, or a silver spoon.

N. Nobility There remains but one admonition The digging crew uses growling

which should be followed in all bulldozers and crane shovels, right

Let us consider each, briefly: communication, but which it is most down to tiny tools the size of a

rethat in imperative observe we teaspoon. effective Order. For communica- "... if ligious instruction: receive ye novelties these ancient As poption thoughts, order should our we Spirit shall not the teach."not ye into our world, space the back age ofplan presentation them, our (Ibid., ask, 42:14.) you Why, may of era Jefferson, and and Adams, in then method, advance ourchoose this in consider factor should we falls into place. back Hancock The stepby-step.follow through The '76""Spirit of a has red newfound ordersimplicity with comes which

its tinge coloring cheeks.

is listeners for to easier grasp our historian, the patient And who of ideasthan which a hodgepodge alhis job? would want They have heltertumble over one another,

skelter. ready examined more than 2,000,000

Precision. Precision is the polish 7/ the devil says you cannot pray dusty, crumbling manuscripts, at

yes, to in even and Europe, shine. tell it ideas is home angry, are our makes youwhich him when When ferret right the out answers. in presentation the thoughteach his business, until pray none and of this far, painstaking research So

it is for like jewel, easysparkles a is that insanity species dispelled has produced of valuable 30,000 some the to graspthe meaning audience items to of information pertaining is serenity to restored the and mind. Precision imply not intend. doeswe of history physical the buildthe of Discourses 45. Brigham Young, p. onlya curt, a clipped manner, but

ings, interiors, their events the and mental separation of the wheat that took place in and around them.

from the chaff before we present our "It's like a big jigsaw puzzle,"a message. national park historian explains.

Empathy. This may be a new "Many of the pieces are still missing.

word to many of you and deserves Probably as many as 8,000,000 manumore explanation. Empathy goes other than the field of religion? We, scripts will have to be examined

further than sympathy—it is more as members of this Church, know that before all the facts are known."

than just "trying to see the other "the Spirit itself beareth witness with fellow's point of view."In psyour spirit,..."(Romans 8:16), and What buildings will reflect the

chology, empathy is "the imaginative those of us who have had the experitender surgery of space age scalpels?

projection of one's own consciousence of listening to a teacher while Remember Carpenters'Hall, the big ness into another being."It requires under the influence of this Spirit redbrick building where our first

Continental Congress met in 1774? thatthat the effectiveness of the other perrealize learn about comwe

has changed. How its setting aspirations, ideals,son's munication a background, hunbe increased may

and personality. It also requires dredfold thereby. A few years ago, a covered bridge

sympathy, charity, tolerance, and a We presume that most of those sort of entrance led up to its historic love toward our fellow men, if it is who read these lines will be memthreshold. Its imposing face was

truly to succeed in improving our bers of the Church who, no doubt, masked behind tall buildings. The

understanding, and our socialintel- are already aware of the conditions public often bypassed this noble lectual relationships. When we upon which the Spirit may, or may structure.

undertake this study of other people not, be received. Because of the Now the shielding buildings are

to improve our mutual understandpossibility, however, that others may gone. A vast lawn of emerald grass

ing, we find that, once again, we are read and desire this information, we has been planted in their stead. Now

following an admonition from the quote here one formula: the sun can get through to gleam reLord, "... seek learning even by "And when ye shall receive these splendently from the gilt letters

study and also by faith.... Of things, I would exhort you that ye which proudly proclaim: Carpenters'

things both in heaven and in the would ask God, the Eternal Father, Hall earth.... the perplexities of the nain the name of Christ, if these things Most of the timetested structures

tions, and the judgments which are are not true; and if ye shall ask with of historic interest survived by accion the land; and a knowledge also a sincere heart, with real intent, dent, rather than design. Within the

of countries and of kingdoms—."having faith in Christ, he will manithree-block area are the First and

(D&C 88:118,79.) fest the truth of it unto you, by the Second Banks of the United States;

Nobility. The preparation for efpower of the Holy Ghost. Franklin Court, site of Ben Frankfective communication, which we "And by the power of the Holy lin's home; the Betsy Ross House;

have described, is worth the effort Ghost ye may know the truth of all and the house where Dolly Madionly if we use it to convey noble things."(Moroni 10:4-5.) son once lived.

736 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA..;'.**. Wellknown construction superintendent Frank Lemperle with volunteer workers at site of new church building.

Postum is the natural wholegrain drink that warms the heart

Have a cup of friendship... have a cup of Postum. So many POSTUI

leading citizens do. Postum is made from wholegrain cereals,

slowroasted to bring out a rich, satisfying flavor. It's hearty, +S

healthful, hospitable.

Postum is 100% coffeefree, contains no caffein or other K INSTANT artificial stimulants. Ready in an instant, it's always welcome. POSTUM

Make sure you always have Postum on hand.

100% coffeefree Another fine product of General Foods

OCTOBKR I960 737.

Also in the area is Christ Church, the historic bones of its ancestor? In 1704 this square was made a

more than a monument to colonial It's the spanking new Library Hall, potter's field and later hundreds of craftsmanship. Seven signers of the built to house the historic library soldiers of the Revolutionary War

Declaration of Independence, as collections of the American Philand many victims of the great yellow well as four signers of the Constituosophical Society. fever epidemic of 1793 were buried

tion, are buried at the church and Passing under the striking John here without name or station.

in its nearby cemetery. Barry statue, the subject being George Washington's statue is

Founded in 1731 by Ben Franklin famous as the "Father of our Navy,"part of the memorial, flanked by and his friends, the Library Comwe find another new feature in silver flagpoles topped by blue flags.

pany of Philadelphia was the first freedom's backyard. The white The inscription reads: "Freedom is

subscription library in the American steeple of Independence Hall looks a light for which many men have colonies. This attractive building down on Washington Square and died in darkness."

was demolished in 1884. the newly erected Tomb of the UnQuite naturally, it is the neat

What do we see now, rising on known Soldier of the Revolution. Independence Hall group of buildings that receives the closest scrutiny

from hundreds of thousands of awed visitors.

There's Congress Hall, a solid redbrick building that served as our national capital from'17901800.

Washington was inaugurated here for his second term as President of

Thoughtfulness. theItsUnitedtwin onStates.the other corner is the

Supreme Court Building, backed by the American Philosophical Society.

RICHARD I. EVANS This is the oldest and one of the

most distinguished learned societies in America. Ben Franklin started

Last week we talked of thoughtfulness—and it Butoff infrom1743.every corner of the world

as pleaded, for passes, season a the a pausing from pilgrims to see the State come House THE pace, for routine, the fevered the the rush from and itself, its Bell, Liberty famed and SPOKEN spirit, for quieting of the the pulse, of the slowing WORD the assembly the where room for an appraisal of life's purpose—and from Thomas Declaration and Constitution were

Hood we cited a sentence which said: "Stand shadowless, like siborn.

lence, listening, There is another side of thoughtfulness that "When did the atom bomb hit we would turn to today: thoughtfulness for people and for their this place?"freedomconscious visproblems. We often wonder what others think of us, but often itors have jokingly inquired of nathey don't think of us at all. Often they are so absorbed with their tional park guards over the last few

own thoughts, with their own problems, with the impressions they years, with good reason. The inare making on others, that they are all but unaware of us, even as terior has been a shambles.

we are often unaware of them—except perhaps somewhat superNo superlatives could adequately

ficially. But with thoughtfulness we learn to know that every person describe the intricacy of the carved

has his problems, that no one can always be at his best, that everydecorations now adorning the room one has good days and bad, and times of encouragement and times where the seventeenday manuscript of downright despondency. With thoughtfulness we learn that what of "boy wonder"Tom Jefferson fired

seemed to be a slight may not have been intended so at all—and an infant nation into drastic action.

we learn not to be supersensitive, not to imagine offenses that aren't This is the first step in a program intended. With thoughtfulness we learn to deal gently with the lives to restore and refurnish the entire

and the hurts and the hearts of others, and to hold the tongue and building.

the temper. We learn to see the problem of those who are younger, You can still see the Liberty Bell,

who need understanding and kindness and encouragement—and just inside the tower door. An endalso of those who are older, who, for a different reason, need underless stream of visitors pays it the

standing and kindness and encouragement. With thoughtfulness affectionate reverence so richly

we learn to live with problems that seem all but insolvable. We deserved by the actual instrument

learn to hold on, to wait for a mood to change, for people to modify, which first proclaimed "Liberty for the difficult day to pass. We learn something of the enduring Throughout All the Land unto All

values. We learn patience and prayerfulness—and understanding—the Inhabitants Thereof."

and faith for the present hour—and faith for the future. Such today This is the changing face of freeare some thoughts on thoughtfulness. dom—being molded into those same

lines that fostered our national be1Thomas Hood, Ode, Autumn. ginnings. And from these, we will

be able to perpetuate the patriotic 'The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the and spiritual inspiration that is the

Columbia Broadcasting System, August 7, 1960. Copyright 1960. heritage of free men everywhere.

738 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA When MrWm you get v > that 1 N w/ Hollow

Feeling...

It's

time for NABISCOSugar

% '4 Honey # Grahams

al U/MJCV GRAHAMS

Available in two and one pound packages

Sweet enough... flavored just right for adults'and children's tastes alike Wonderfully light... won't spoil

appetites Baked with pure, fresh honey and rich graham flour Scored so they snap right in half for easy eating Wrapped in 6 InEr- Seal wax packets to keep 'em fresh and crisp, national biscuit company

OCTOBER 1980 739 Where the Heart Is pass up an opportunity like this. "All right,"he answered curtly, "I'll

Doris had been able to see that, try to be home by six."

though her agreement had been But at 4:30 the top vicepresident

(Continued from page 715) conditional even then—that they bounded into Bart's office without

"Oh? Couldn't you have put them "give it a try"for three or four years. preliminary. "Quick, Jensen, what's

off?"He tried not to remember it had the name of that church you told

There was no answer for a mobeen nearly five now. me once you belong to?"

ment, then he heard his wife's Hal should be pretty impressed Bartley Jensen frowned slightly strained voice: "Bartley, they called with what he'd managed in five short and half rose from his chair. "Uh,

first because they weren't sure of a years. Besides the private office, that was a long time ago, Mr.

welcome—and after you worked there was the big house—complete Ruther."

first interviewedunder Hal for six years! I urged with swimming pool—and private "Sure. When I

them to come, Bart."schools for David and Beth. Of you for this job. You still belong,

you?"course, you couldn't expect the don't him, escaped his mind and A sigh

face colored. "Well, yes, Bartley's six years. He'd to thosedarted back

liked Hal Peterson well enoughsir. The Church of Jesus Christ

only a few years his senior, but head of-"of the department there at the uni- "No, no—"Ruther snapped his

versity. In fact, it was Hal's enfingers trying to remember. "Morcouragement that he go ahead for "BE STILL AND KNOW"mon, wasn't it?"

his doctorate that had landed him "Yes, yes, of course,"Bartley anhere. BY PAUL ARMSTRONG swered,"Look, "butdash why—?"over to my office with Might do old Hal good to see the

way things had turned out. Maybe me. I've a man there—important

he'd quit hounding him then to come business contact from Europe—who

on back and take that professorship Silence is a holy place, picked up that young people's thing this on TV. did week the Mormons here. situation the Sparsely populated; he sawwhen

it, about to anxious more know He's of view, point Hal's see could He invaded, while along don't you come so why just didn't all right. how Frequently know He

the other half lived. He'd never Desecrated; I wine him and dine him tonight?"

Bartley of him ahead hurried He like setup himself, of adreamed, Boundaries are paperthin, explained on as he of the door out beof this until just weeks a couple fore graduation when the firm had Always crushed and broken, the way down the hall to his own sent the contact man to talk with When unkind and pointless office. "This man, DeVestro, can

our business overseas of turn a lot the graduates. ofsome

years if he's a mind next the few Words are spoken. way rushing back to remembered He

their apartment to tell Doris. It to. So after we meet DeVestro, you

was raining, and she'd been washget out of anything you have on for ing clothes in the bathtub, wontonight and plan to come with us for dering how she'd get his other white the evening."

shirt dry enough to iron before It was not a question, but a comevening. Tenyear-old Davy had Petersons to appreciate just what it mand. So after Bartley met Demet him at the top of the stairs with meant to have a house in that neighVestro, he went back to his own

the sad story. borhood. office to phone Doris.

"Mom's about to cry because she He sighed again and said into the "But, Bart,"she pleaded, "this is can't get your white shirt ready in phone, "Well, if you've already important to us! Surely, just this

time for you to baptize Beth tonight."asked them, I suppose they're comonce—"

He'd grabbed Davy in the naring then?"He interrupted, "Doris, I can not.

row hallway and whirled him high "Yes,"she answered, "tonight. You can explain to the Petersons

up on his shoulder. "DavyBoy, They can't get here in time for that I'm busy."

we'll go buy one!"and he tramped dinner, but they want to attend our He started to hang up, but Doris

into the steamy apartment spilling special meeting tonight. So they'll said, "Just a second, Bart. I agree.

the news to Doris. probably drive straight there and You are a busy man—too busy to

"And besides all the practical excome home with us after. You will bother with a family, apparently. Do

perience I'd be getting,"he exulted, go with us tonight, won't you, Bart?"you have any idea how seldom

"guess what the salary is?—no, you'd The note of pleading in her voice you're ever home any more before

never guess; I'll have to tell you! irritated him. He asked acidly, the children are in bed, and gone

Why, in five years we will be able to "Aren't you afraid Beth or David before they get up?"

pay spot cash for the house the colmight mention it's the first time I've "Look, Doris, this is no time to go lege president himself has!"accompanied you to a Church meetinto that—"

He never had understood Doris'ing in a year and a half?""Oh, yes, it is, Bart. You're too

reluctance. True, they'd agreed "Please, Bart, just tonight. Surely busy for Church and you're too busy

when he was in the army that if you don't have to work this one for us. And I don't like raising my

they ever got safely back home time?"family practically alone."

again, they'd stay in the west. But It probably would look strange to "For heaven's sake, Doris, you

it would have been sheer idiocy to the Petersons if he didn't show up. know it's for you and the children

740 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Choosing something as important to the life of your church as an electronic organ is not asA easy as it looks. Organs vary greatly in quality, in

versatility, in tone. We could tell you the CONN

Organ is the best (and we believe it!) but that's what

every manufacturer says about his own product. So weCONN

leave it to an impartial judge... YOU! We invite you

to hold an organ "bee"i.e. ask your CONN dealer tois a provide a CONN Organ (no charge, of course) for a

sideby-side test with other makes of organs. Let your

own ears be the judge of the CONN's superb tone.

Test its versatility. Explore its unequalled musicalsound

range. And when you're through, we believe you'll be

convinced the CONN is the organ for your church.

CONN Organs are the product of C. G. CONN Ltd.,investment a leader in the production of musical instruments for

nearly 100 years! There's a CONN for every budget,

church size and range of musical expression needed.for your

CONNDon't buy any organ untilORGANyou try this one...

Conn Organ Corporation Elkhart, Indianachurch

OCTOBER I960 741 I'm doing all this. Now calm down

so I can hang up—I have to go now!"

"Just one more thing, Bart."Her

voice was steady now, but something warned him she was far from calm.

"All day long I've dreaded this call because I somehow knew you'd find an excuse to get out of going tonight.

Bart, you'll have until after dinner to arrange your affairs and see us at the meeting tonight. If you're not

there, I'll know neither us nor the

Church is important to you any more."Then she hung up.

"How do you like that? After all

these years, Doris picked a fine time to go temperamental!"

As the three men walked into "The

Golden Pheasant"for dinner, Ruther clapped DeVestro on the shoulder.

"Bet the steamed rice here will rival anything you get on the continent, ha ha."DeVestro smiled

politely.

Casually refusing the drinks before dinner as he always did, Bartley toyed with his water glass while the other two discussed some mutual

Bartley's acquaintances. wanmind

crisis <( I love your new deep - textured Bigelow, Edith"the domestic dered back to he'd vowed to ignore for the evening.

It was hardly fair of Doris to accuse him of not caring for the Church

Exaggerated? Certainly I You don't actually have to wade through any longer. But before he felt

beautiful, deeptextured Bigelow Carpets. However, comfortably settled in the wellbeing

of his righteousness, he thought of

Bigelows do give you a wonderful cushiony feeling of luxury underfoot. his work. Actually, it was working

Bigelows create an atmosphere of comfort and on Sundays that first started keeping wellbeing that makes life happier and cozier in any hom'el him away from ChurchHe suddenly realized Ruther was talking to him. "Hey, quit frowning, and come back to the party.

People who know... buy Need a drink to relax you, that's Bigelowrugs carpets since 1825 all!"

DeVestro turned to him then and asked seriously, in his soft accent.

"But your Church—these Moormons?—do not beleef in alcohol?"

Bartley started explaining and the man plied him with questions through the whole meal. Ruther

had the wisdom to be quiet, though rr his eyebrows shot up in surprise at some of the doctrine expounded. HBURNED OUT They were finishing dessert beREALLY MEANS BURNED OUT TODAY fore Bartley realized how swiftly

and pleasantly the time had gone.

A fire may mean you are out of a place to live, It was almost like being in the miswith tremendous added expense before you find sion field again—and he suddenly

another. knew how far he'd wandered and

Let us explain your need for ample insurance how justified Doris'complaint had been. to cover today's higher values.

He glanced at his watch. It was

UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY seventhirty.seventen, andOntheimpulsemeetinghe wasturnedat

HEBER J. GRANT & CO., General Agents, Salt Lake City

742 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA They wipe all your worries away

If you can spare the time, your Conoco Dealer won't spare the service. Busy Conoco hands are quick to clean

your headlights and windshield... carefully check tires, battery, and water. They make you a more confident

driver... make Conoco the Hottest Brand Going. Put your car—and your cares—in Conoco's hands...today!

Hottest Brand Going 1960, Continental Oil Company Conoco...CONOCO!and Carte Blanche Credit Cards are accepted at Conoco stations.

OCTOBER 1960 743...

to DeVestro, "Sir, our Church is holding a special meeting tonight.

Perhaps you'd like to attend?"

Ruther harumphed and tried to get

LAKESIDE ASPEN She dimples at her double his attention, but DeVestro graciousLike a maiden at a ball ly accepted the invitation.

BY ETHEL JACOBSEN Hearing the softplucked viols At the check stand on the way out,

Tuning from the hall. Ruther seemed to be desperately

seeking an excuse to beg off. DeVestro smiled up at him. "I hope

The lake is rippled silver, Rustling skirts asparkle, you von't mind my not sharing your

And in its lustrous face She lingers half in trance. efening, after all; ve can talk at your

An aspen stands reflected, It's the autumn cotillion, offeece tomorrow, no?"

Gowned in golden lace. And the wind's first dance. beamed"No? Oh,Ruther.1 meanHeyes.happilySure,tuckedsure!"

them into a taxi and waved them off. The meeting was well under

way when they arrived and the See Our buildingseats on wasthe rightcrowded.side They found

Beautiful caughtAs theysight of: hisbeingfamilyseateda couplehe

of rows back. Beth had seen him

Trees When VESTER andBartleywas smilingwonderedwidely.what DeVestro

lines to of the the opening thoughtYou Visit song sung the double mixed by

Salt lake City aroundquartet:us—.""FirmYou'das thinkthe they'dmountainsfind

a few other hymns in the book.

Then an incident flashed into his mind that he hadn't thought of in many years. He and Doris had a

drably furnished room at the time where he was stationed in an army town. The one bright spot of their

week was when they attended Church at the local branch, though

all reother soldiers—and three

discovered SAVE by Mail at itturnedmet in the Odd Fellows'Hall. He missionaries—had

Western Savings where theiroften furnishedvoices blendedspecial well;musicsofortheythe

you get the very most for your meetings.He'd asked Doris one evening for

money. It's the Western idea: You get the very most nextan ideameeting.what theyShe shouldhadn't usebeenatfeelthe

for your savings at Western Savings in Salt Lake City. ing well, and he was trying to tease

her out of a spell of homesickness.

Western pays the postage both ways for you, your money He'd sung out the words, "stalwart earns a full 4% current rate, and your account is insured to and brave we stand"and she'd $10,000 by the Federal Savings and smiled quietly up at him and snapped out of the mood.

Loan Insurance Corporation. to Sitting in the meeting now and

UMSl 111 1 l-Mf listening to the words ring out, "Oh youth of a noble birthright—"; he if remembered the rest of the inciAT THE ORIGINAL dent.

Send the coupon today!- He'd gone over the song that night,

Savings Western Please Send Salt Lake City, Utah Savings Plans long ago, while Doris listened. When

he finished, she'd repeated that line,

Name. adding, "A noble birthright—home

Address and the beauty of the mountains—

City State AND LOAN COMPANY H.'jjmi'iu that's what I want for our baby."

FIRST 45 EAST SOUTH CITY, SALT LAKE UTAH MORTGAGES "Our what?"he'd exploded.

Serving you from the West's newest and finest savings office at the

Original Timeand-Temperature Sign in Salt Lake City.

744 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Thrill to a breathtaking garden of Giant Ranunculus 20 GIANT WmHTEEB RANUNCULUS Yoursfor only and proof of purchase from any one of six fine White King products BULBS

PLANT NOW. BLOOM FROM EARLY SPRING TO SUMMER ENJOY ARMFUL AFTER ARMFUL OF GORGEOUS, FULLYDOUBLE

12 TO 15 DOUBLE BLOOMS PER BULB, 300 IN ALL! BLOOMS! Imagine your garden bursting with gorgeous

HARDY GROWER OUT OF DOORS. YIELDS EXOTIC, Ranunculus blooms! You'll be the envy of your friends.

HOTHOUSELIKE FLOWERS NEWEST, MOST IMPROVED Never such a riot of colors. Never such profusion of

HYBRID STRAIN. UP TO 4"IN DIAMETER ABLAZE WITH giant, fullydouble blooms. All for a fraction of the price

you'd normally pay.

COLORS -RED, GOLD, PINK, WHITE, YELLOW, SUNSET,

Take advantage of this remarkable, unconditionally

ROSE EXTRAFINE QUALITY FROM THE WORLD'S LARGguaranteed offer now. It's White King's 100th AnniverEST GROWER EASY TO PLANT COMPLETE PLANTING sary gift to you. Fill out the coupon and order your giant

INSTRUCTIONS WITH EACH ORDER. HURRY, ORDER NOW! Ranunculus bulbs today. Offer limited, so hurry!

GET YOUR GIANT RANUNCULUS

BULBS WITH A BOXTOP OR LABEL WHITE Send for as many sets as you like! I

KING SOAP COMPANYFROM ANY ONE OF THESE KING WHITEDept. I, Sierra Box 12, Madre, California f|

FINE WHITE KING PRODUCTS Please send me set(s) of 20 Giant j'Ranunculus bulbs and the easyplanting instructions. I enclose 50 and one proof of purchase 1

from a "White King product for each set ordered.

NAME- (Please Print) ADDRESS.

CITY -ZONE.STATE.

Offer limited. Void wherever taxed, restricted or

prohibited by law. Allow 3 weeks for delivery.

Products of the White King Soap Company,. '.'Quality in the West for 100 Years"J

OCTOBER I960 745

She laughed shyly then. "I wasn't spirit. I must go now, but you tell to sense insincerity and superficialgoing to say anything until I went me how I find your people ven I go ity and will react negatively toward

out to the base tomorrow to see the back home?"it. Observations over a period of

doctor. But I am sure—and I'm just Bartley promised to do it. When time will generally reveal any such

as sure it's going to be a boy!"He Beth and David reached them, he tendency.

held her then and kissed her. declined Bartley's offer to see him ( 3 ) A good teacher is sensible; he

The apostle was speaking now and back to his hotel. "No, you stay shows good taste in expression and

the word "birthright"caught Bartweeth family. I tell Mr. Buther appearance. Again, applied observaley's attention. Those words of the they better company than him, no? tions should relatively quickly indisong had apparently set that train He let you stay home next time, ha?"cate the presence or absence of this

of thought in the speaker's mind, They both laughed and shook important characteristic.

also. He was telling the story of hands. (4) A good teacher is loyal to

Esau and Jacob and the mess of Bartley turned to Doris standing superiors. If, in conversations out

pottage. Bartley had heard it many quietly, happily beside him. of the classroom, the prospective

times and told it in the mission field She squeezed his arm and smiled teacher is inclined constantly to and Sunday School classes himself. up at him. "The Petersons phoned criticize or belittle those in authorBut as never before, it held new they couldn't make it tonight after ity over him, whether at the ward,

meaning for him. all and will be here tomorrow."stake, or church level, this is eviIf it were true that his burying Bartley put his hand over hers dence of a lack of one of the most

himself in his work was for Doris resting on his arm and looked deepimportant characteristics of a good and the children, then hadn't things ly into her eyes. "If it's what you teacher. Much harm can be done by

become ridiculously out of balance? want, Doris, we'll pack my suitcase, the instructor who destroys faith in

Here he'd been claiming the time too, and we'll all go back home."leadership. An alert ear is the only

away from home and Church to earn She looked up at him in quick requisite for discovering this trait.

a living that would be easier and surprise. Then calmness replaced (5) A good teacher is progressive.

more pleasant for them all. the eagerness in her face as she. Through working with a person in a

The speaker had now come to closed her eyes and gently shook variety of circumstances, an executemple marriage, urging the imporher head. She opened her eyes, tive can soon determine whether or

tance of it. When he and Doris were glazed with happy tears, and said, not he is willing to try new and more

married soon after he returned from "No, only if it's what you want, Bart. effective means of completing tasks.

his mission, no one could have made I don't think it's going to be necesIf he is wed to one routine, this may him believe they would ever come sary now. I've just found out that be a danger signal, since teaching rethis close to parting. There had been home is wherever we are—together quires a plastic, creative, and teachdifferences and disagreements, of with the Church."able person if the best results are to

course; but Doris had always acoccur.

quiesced to him. (6) A good teacher is optimistic.

better he'd remind Maybe Haw! Carefully Do We Thisservedcharacteristicover a brief periodis readilyof time.obto- Howher they when got home of that

night. But the nagging voice at the Select Teachers? Sensible optimism is a tonic in classes

back of his mind wouldn't be stilled. ( Continued from page 728 where the eternities are being con-

"And her obedience was on condition sidered.

that you obey the Lord!"years ago, the teacher characteristics It will be noticed that most of the

Bartley ran a finger round his mentioned are as fresh and meaningabove characteristics require time collar to ease the sudden tightness. ful as if they had been penned yesand effort if they are to be discovered.

All right, so he was a backslider. terday. Since some of the material The implication is clear. The execuThings would be different from now duplicates President McKay's list, tive who sits back and relaxes beon. only the supplementary suggestions cause his staff is complete is apt to

The thought crossed his mind, will be considered here. discover that he is in real trouble

"Just how far would he have back- ( 1 ) A good teacher shows interest when an unexpected vacancy does slid if he hadn't come to the meetin the course he is to teach. This is appear. Constant vigilance is the

ing tonight?"an important factor in teacher seleckey to successful discovery of deThe congregation were opening tion. The best salesman is the one sirable teacher characteristics. The

the books to sing the closing hymn. who is sold on his product. This executive who never stops looking

Bartley's clear tenor rang out as loud does not mean that the prospective for these traits and who makes brief as anyone as he sang along with teacher must be an expert in the subnotes of his discoveries will be more them, "We thank thee, Oh God, for ject to be taught ( though this would apt to know whom he wants when a prophet; to guide us in these be extremely desirable), but it does the necessity arises.

latter days—"mean that the teacher should not be Having once discovered who will

He turned to DeVestro when the passive or negative toward the submake good teachers, however, the meeting was dismissed, but out of ject. Interaction with the person executive is still beset with another

the corner of his eye he could see being considered can generally bring problem: How can good prospective

Beth and David trying to get through to light his feelings about the subteachers be motivated into wanting the crowd to him. DeVestro warmly ject matter to be taught. to accept positions offered to them?

took Bartlev's hand in both of his. (2) A good teacher will be himPeople want to do things which seem

"I haf nefer felt such vonderful self—not affected. Students are quick important to them and which offer

746 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

The Church Model of the Hammond Organ in walnut

Beautiful music...

without any tuning expense ever!

Tuning the organ can be a major and rendering of all ity can affect the performance of your recurring expense for your church—untypes of church Hammond Organ. It is precision built

less it's a Hammond Organ. literature by means to play year after year.

Then you will never have any tuning of Hammond's exPermanent Pitch. It is this feature that

expense. For Hammond is the only organ clusive Harmonic makes Hammond the only organ that

that can never go out of tune. * Drawbars. never goes out of tune... that elimiMagnificent tone that always stays Cathedral tone quality in any type of nates all tuning expense.*

that way is but one of the unique adenclosure. Even the smallest church can To hear a free concert, see a color film,

vantages that Hammond offers your enjoy resonant tones with Hammond's or receive a booklet on fund raising, church. Consider also... exclusive reverberation control and just mail the coupons below. Address

amplification. Organ Company, 4220 Hammond W. tone. versatility ofRemarkable You threechannel

111. Ave., Diversey Chicago 39, easily Organ,can, Lasting durability in any climate. Neither on the Hammond

to *Pertains Spinet, Church, Home, and Concert blend thousands of tones for the extreme heat nor cold, nor severe humidModels. {Except Solo Pedal Unit of Concert Model.)

THE HAMMOND ORGAN

Choice of over 43,000 institutions

Mail these coupons

is in interested Our church telling booklet your send Please complete send literature me me color a film about the Please raise the describing various church can money models how our of the Organ. for ViewingHammond

an organ. O Hearing a free organ concert. Hammond Organ.

Name NameName-

ChurchChurch- ChurchAddress- AddressAddress-

City & ZoneCity & ZoneCity & Zone.

County & State County & State—County & State1959, HAMMOND ORGAN COMPANY | 106D

OCTOBER I960 747 Try this RecipeIt's a Gold Ribbon Winner no serious threat of failure. It is

extremely important, therefore, that those in charge of teacher procureLunch Loaf Box in the everything do Church ment is loaf "This husband's favorite for lunch my sandwiches box their presthe in to enhance power it stays because nice so and says moist,"Mrs. Wesley

tige the pronounce and importance Williams of Farmington, Utah, winner the of new Gold of teacher."the person "good The for the best.- yeast Ribbon last at baking

year's Davis County Fair. "I think who thinks he will be "just a teacher"

you'll like my bread at your house, will either refuse the position betoo. Just be sure to make it with cause of a lack of interest or he will

Fleischmann's Active Dry Yeast accept and do a job commensurate the kind most of us prizewinning cooks with the importance he assigns to the prefer. Jt's easy to use, and so dependable."task. Either alternative is obviously

fWSiSi undesirable. Prospective teachers,

therefore, should never be apLUNCH BOX LOAF Makes 3 loaves proached with such lackluster state- 1 quart milk sticky. Knead well, about 10 minutes. ments as "All you have to do is just

cup sugar class of a Yz youngsters"teach or "You Place in kettle dough greased or bowl, 3 tablespoons salt this to job, won't turn have in over do side much in greased with pan packages 2 Fleischmann's Active rise up. Cover. place, Let discussion."free just the apin warm lead Such Yeast Dry

Yz cup warm, not hot, water from draft, until doubled. Mix down a proaches obviously detract from the

4 cups whole wheat flour (stonelittle. After about 20 minutes'rising, importance of the teaching responsithirds. punch divide into and down ground 100%) bility and there is probably no more cup shortening into loaves three Shape in place Yi and

10 cups sifted white flour greased 9 x 5 x 3-inch loaf pans. Let rise important job in the Church in terms

Put milk, sugar, salt in a pan and scald; 1 hour or until just rounded above tins. of impact upon individual members.

cool to lukewarm. Add Fleischmann's Bake at 400F. (hot) 3035 minutes. The alert executive will seize every

Yeast dissolved in the warm, not hot, opportunity to praise a good job of water. Blend in whole wheat flour. Add teaching, and to point with pride

shortening. Add 5 cups sifted flour; to the effort extended and to the

beat until smooth. Gradually add reresults achieved. Such diligence

V maining flour until—. ANOTHERmoistFINEbutPRODUCTnot tooOF STANDARD BRANDS INCORPORATED J/ readinessand thoughtfulnessof more qualifiedwill lead peopleto the

to accept teaching positions.

OFFICIAL PIANO of THE highlyLast significant,to be mentioned,is the teacherthough

METROPLITAN OPERA trainingcovering programand selectingas a goodmeansteachers.of disCHOICE of LEADING ARTISTS Properlyshould giveconducted,ward executivesthis aprogramchance

to become extremely well acquainted with the potentialities and characterDISTINCTIVE IN TONE and STYLING istics of many selected prospective teachers. It offers an opportunity

for each ward to have a constant supply of teachers whose convicFirst choice for tions and abilities are known in advance of the needs. It practically

professional, personal eliminates the need for hurriedup and institutional use. appointments. It is the means

through which each of the traits

Unequalled for voice suggested by President McKay and

Dr. Lee can be discovered and/or

accompaniment. developed. The key to this opportunity, however, lies once again in

Preferred by teachers careful—extremely careful—selection

of the musical arts. of instructors for the teacher training

classes.

In summary, it has been stated that before the children of God may return to him they must first be

For information about sizes and types for every purpose, taught the saving principles of the write to Dept. ME—gospel. This emphasizes the necessity for good teachers. Three sugfm. KNABE & CO. gestionsof helpingwerepeoplegiven forin thechargepurposeof

v* Proud Member of AEOLIAN AMERICAN CORPORATION

East Rochester, N. Y.

748 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA i n Anyth fc our way

Carload or carton, let us give "kid glove"handling to your next shipment.

Be Specific

ship UNION PACIFIC OCTOBER 1960 749

vc SPECIFY teacherdecisions:procurementKnow good toteachermake charwise

acteristics. Build up the prestige

and acknowledge the importance of good teaching. Support teacher

AMERICA'S FINEST FOLDING CHAIRS AND TABLES training programs.VIRCO last that thought: In order One because VIRCO on replacement—save original you price, and on the You save benefit children God's from might

.. of rugged service for years built are chairs folding and tables instruction, of. priced to the very gave best he

meet any budget. Folding chairs and tables may look alike, but when you compare his Only Begotten Son to become the

them pointby-point—for advanced design, structural use of Vircoloy steel greatest of all teachers. It is in-

(up to 20% stronger), and beauty—you'll find VIRCO furniture ahead admissible even to think that God

of the field in value and lasting satisfaction. made a hasty choice. Therefore,

executives who must choose teachers for these same children of the Father should make a real effort to exercise the same care he did in making his choice. They will not find perfecVIRCO-MATIC Series of tion, as the Father did, but, through

Cafeteria and AllPurpose adjust more diligent effort, they can find Folding Tables easily to any height from 21"the very best people available—peoto 31"—in oneinch ple whom the Father himself would

increments. Heavy gauge choose under similar circumstances.

tubular steel legs and nonglare linen pattern Vircolite plastic tops banded with aluminum. Misinterpreted Divorce

Statistics msmsssS? (Continued from page 725) A most interesting aspect of this figure, however, is that despite its

ALLMETAL VIRCO #127 true. CHAIR widespread use, it just is NOT FOLDING

It is an unwarranted conclusion

Tubular steel construction with three fusionwelded braces. from available statistics.

Tubular steel reinforcement in Statistics can at times be rather at seat legs front pivot tricky. to repoint important An

forward also under point, statistics is that to for two member seat. Metal of edge

capped legs with be comparable, they must have a durable rubber comparable base. This is the difficrutch tips. culty about divorce statistics. The

available divorce statistics are genmm erallyavailabledrawnmarriagefrom onestatisticsbase, whileare complete VIRCO's catalogue showing FREE! New line drawn from quite another and difchairs folding institutional and tables. and of church

Write today to: ferent base. This prohibits a perin centage for example, comparison; MFG. CORPORATION VIRCO

Los Angeles, Calif. Station Hancock, 44846 L-10, P.O. Box Dept. for both alltime high 1946, the Pennsylvania and in Arkansas also Plants

marriages and divorces, there were, according to available statistics, approximately 2,300,000 marriages and approximately 610,000 divorces.

By the use of these figures a ratio of nearly 4 to 1 can be computed. However these figures do not indicate that

610,000 of the marriages entered into during 1946 ended in divorce. The

It looks like cream divorces were drawn from one base- -pours like dream all of the married couples in the

United States whereas the marriage -tastes even better The sanctity of marriage and the

EVAPORATED family relation make the cornerstone of our American society and civilization.—Garfield. MILK

750 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA figures are based on only a fraction of approximately 31,500,000 married or more years in the future. The

of the married couples—those who couples. Comparing these figures closest approximation we have towere married during 1946. we find that there was one divorce day of the percent of marriages

From these figures we can properfor about each 52 families in the which are ending in divorce is obly say that for every four marriages U S during that year. However, tained by taking the number of marduring 1946 there was one divorce this ratio is just as misleading as the riages occurring over a long period of

during 1946. We are, however, ratio of one divorce for each four time and comparing this figure with

saying something quite different and marriages since, again, the two figures the number of divorces during the quite incorrect, when we say that come from quite different bases. In same period. Following this proone out of every four marriages durthe first case (four to one ratio) the cedure, we find for the vears 1920

ing 1946 ended in divorce. We canyearly divorces which are drawn to 1945, for example, about 6,000,000

not legitimately compare the divorces from all married couples are comdivorces and about 34,000,000 marfor one year with the marriages for pared with only a small fraction of riages giving us a ratio of about six to one year and then generalize about the marriages—those actually taking one. However, even though these

all marriages, any more than a busiplace during one particular year. In figures do provide us with a better

nessman can figure his total inventhe second case (52 to one ratio), approximation than the four to one tory from simply considering his all marriages are compared with ratio, they are still subject to the purchases and sales for one week. only a small fraction of the divorce limited interpretation outlined above,

If the ratio of divorces to marriages (those taking place during one year) since the two bases are not the same.

were to remain the same for many which will eventually be experienced There are other methods of stating years, we would have the necessary by these married couples. Neither the divorce rate. We can, for exfigures to determine the proportion of these ratios permits us to say what ample, compare the number of diof our marriages that are ending in percent of our marriages are being vorces per 1,000 total population

divorce. However, the yearly ratio broken by divorce! which gives us a figure of 5.4 for the

has been in a constant state of flux Actually, we wouldn't be able to year 1949. Another method is to

since we started to keep the figures say what percent of the couples compare the number of divorces a in 1867. married in 1959, ended their maryear with the number of married

Coming back again to the 1946 riages in the divorce court until after females 15 years of age and over.

figures, we find that actually the all of these marriages are terminated Accordingly we find that during 610,000 divorces came from a group either in death or divorce some fifty 1949, divorce affected 10.8% of the

YOU'RE AHEAD EVERY WAY WHEN YOU INSTALL

feature for feature no other folding door can match it in...

BEAUTY DURABILITY ADAPTABILITY ECONOMY A Typical Latter Day Saints Church Installation

we welcome the opportunity to verify these facts CONTACT YOUR L.D.S. DISTRIBUTOR

SPLENDOR OF UTAH, SALT LAKE CITY

Amazing soft pastel of new beauty 14 in a range OR WRITE

IT FOLDS colors or steel Choice of aluminum Greater fire THE J\ resistance Superior accoustically durable More

ITS METAl Fingertip less operation stacking 0> space 25% to 50% i *f 4sue pw** installed Easily economical Less maintenance VMore

Rigid and light weight Any width Heights: Aluminum CORPORATION WORLDWIDEM to 30', Steel to 12'For religious, institutional, comDISTRIBUTION mercial, recreational installations. BOX 71, NEW CASTLE, INDIANA

OCTOBER 1960 751 RIDE married women age 15 and over.

We can also point out that the diRIGHT vorce rate has increased almost ten times as fast as the population has increased since 1867. The fact remains, however, that from none of

these statistics can we make an accurate statement as to just what proportion of the marriages are now ending in the divorce court.

ELECTION Furthermore, the divorce statistics which we do have today are not states really of our complete. Some

just on not collect data divorce do BANDWAGON M. DeMAR

basis. have Estimates a statewide

to be made for these states before with any figures for the United States as a whole can be presented. However, TEUSCHER it would seem to be safe to assume

You'll be right on top of the election scene that the available figures do give us when you follow the complete election news a fairly accurate picture as far as in your Deseret News. Expert local writers they go.

headed by M. DeMar Teuscher... fine There can be no question that the

national columnists... and expert upto-thedivorce rate has increased tremenit. minute reports are complete in every dously no matter how we figure

However, we should not draw undetail interestingly presented. You can be warranted conclusions from the

proud of your Deseret News. figures which we do have. We

should recognize, as Samuel C. Newman, Chief of the Marriage and Divorce Analysis Branch of the NaSail &itc d&Leontm tional Office of Vital Statistics has

pointed out, that the plain facts are adequate not have data we do... that IN YOUR HOME as the question to what to answer

marriages of today do or proportion IN YOUR CHAPEL.

divorce. in do not end

..-:. *..:-.*.*..'//.'.v Our church leaders and many of

our national leaders feel that our divorce rate is nothing to be proud of, and various plans have been suggested in an effort to reduce divorce in America. In any such efforts it

would seem to be important that we not sell ourselves short, by representing divorce to be more frequent than it actually is. Although the

factors contributing to our divorce rate are very complex, and should not be oversimplified, familiarity with the correct interpretation of the available statistics may even make a contribution toward lower divorce.

PRATT & LAMBERT Ifrateyoungis high,peoplethis thinkmay addour todivorcetheir willingness to accept divorce as the usual or expected thing, and thus increase the likelihood that they themselves will turn to divorce

Countless homes in the area and many of our most beautifully decowhen the going gets rough in marrated LDS Chapels are finished inside and out with the finest—Pratt riage. Certainly, to misinterpret the

& Lambert paints and varnishes. available statistics widely can only

SALT LAKE GLASS & PAINT CO. serverather thanto aggravateto help it! the situation

"Decorating Center of the Intermountain Area"330 East 4th South—See your local Pratt & Lambert dealer—Salt Lake City, Utah

752 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Pledge of Service A from Phfflips 66 Dealers

Ik

Ik We pledge to serve you with products of the finest quality. In gasoline, motor oil, tires, batteries

and accessories for your car, you can rely on the name Phillips 66 for top performance.

We pledge to you that we will always be friendly, courteous, and helpful, in keeping with our policy of "Hospitality on the Highway."

We pledge to be conscientious in servicing under the hood of your car. We will check the oil level,

radiator, water hose, battery and fan belt, and service these as needed.

We pledge to be concerned with your comfort and safety. We will carefully clean your car's windshield. If you wish, we will gladly clean the windows

all around... brush out inside your car... and

check the air pressure and condition of your tires.

We pledge to maintain clean stations and clean rest rooms, so that wherever you see the Phillips 66

Shield, you can drive in with confidence.

it's a. jpleasure to pzease you!

Keep Faith with Ifour Family

the Church, Authorities around the go GeneralAs religion yati the wsTtt m <*n your yow pas? iiftriividuab*bfelkrw htlpfuinations? and ofia of MvesDo Dothe *ftdto religiouschildren benefit* helps toof in reactivationdirecting discussions the on priesthood life in whw'h received theyor you youth?

i!!:.i:,i.vi r:i*:5riy t.hix fact pw*

ill leadership acceptance meetings,the they a strong find for a vtH*tfe wmc'mE lt handptnil&tM Tmttte* <%iwfe ge *:+f&* %.! art t**s f*r Sf* -t**8in m*jm>i>i*ms*.irwiw handatWfftAw*.m j) **stcSafeircn Pa**a$)j i>( ibajthis jsc*4wfHi*w—(>.tv-.fii ttf,v it><(3 -! granm-* {ltd wwnpteM being the books Family"Faith with Your "Keep nowof

used in all stakes in this program. v in itv* ttattod*, ItftJ rfMrtwwin Jaith m *$ hr(ns <sf smwfc* *rf youth ut-t-fding t<> fetm& momMany persons report that the easeltype "Keep Faith Doreligious you. believetrainingreligionand experience ymif own—

with Your Family"book is one of the best reactivation has helped you?

,<ind rwsjJtiyvJwrffcfift&tWfEefS*gre*Ewfegttistof *birffwitthetools ever used in the wards and quorums; that it &Cjs>.<rv]:-i.tSettatnpswait*f-*;imf>t(<7-* (x<tmrti*ti(>iu>ffstts>fstJef oftwtyj.fvl*- wilt

carries a compelling and emotion packed appeal to

...,..,...

fparents; and that great numbers of inactive persons........ /asfi*

immediately respond and begin a course of renewed * **"?"'"t <**** **.** tiO*&#

activity in the Church.

Those who have used the "Keep Faith with Your

i/ow; to /se /Ae JFIF- Y-F Books

Family"approach to priesthood reactivation, according Persons who have not responded to schools or cottage to the design and intent, are thrilled with the results. meetings may well respond to this new approach.

Obviously, then, no new organization is needed.

As is wellknown, the Church has been engaged in Stakes do not need to get organized before this new a program of priesthood reactivation for many years. approach can be carried forward; they only need to

Various approaches have been made in the homes of use the existing organization that has been operating inactive brethren. for years.

Some persons have been reactivated as a result of Already there are advisers for senior members of schools for senior members of the Aaronic Priesthood the Aaronic Priesthood; these advisers can present the

and their wives, or for elders and their wives, or "Keep Faith with Your Family"program to those they through cottage meetings, or as a result of the personal are assigned to serve. Already there are elders workmissionary approach, or through a program of Church ing with their inactive brethren; they can now present

activity, or in some other way. All of these approaches the new appeal to the same brethren with whom

to the problem are good and productive and should be they have been laboring for as long as the work has continued. been going on.

But now the brethren are suggesting a new and What is needed is for the existing organization to different approach. This time an attempt is being function. Those who are to make the presentation

made to bring parents into activity by appealing to should acquaint themselves with the instructions in them from a family standpoint, by using their children the small yellow book entitled, "Keep Faith with to crystallize in their minds the responsibilities they Your Family,"should make appointments with those have to live a spiritual life. The easeltype "Keep in their charge, and should go out and present the

Faith with Your Family"book is the tool which is material in the large easeltype book.

being used in this new family approach to an ageold It is important to make an appointment in advance problem. because the first presentation will take about fortyfive

First of all, it should be understood that the family minutes and, ordinarily, should be made in the absence approach does not stand alone as a new program. It of the children. Those to make it should simply say:

is simply a new approach to the same old problem. "Brother Jones, we have some important material

754 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA w )

of the yellow book, or a copy of the little blue book, and use it as a basis of discussion. Since it is intended

that three callback visits be made with the little book as the subject of discussion, it is also suggested that only a part of the blue book be discussed at this second visit.

The portion suggested for discussion at this visit might be: (a) Read the questions and answers on pages 4—and 5 of the little blue book, making a particular

f <r 7 point of the boxed off section on LDS arrests. The

point to make here is: Church activity is a wonderful

deterrent to juvenile delinquency, and therefore in the interest of a child's own welfare, he should be encouraged to go to Church. Naturally we should point

out too that it is easier to bring a child to Church than to send him alone while the parents remain at home. A (b) Follow this up with a discussion of page 6

pointing out that this material, placed in the hands of the parents, will be a helpful tool to them in teaching their children what is the popular thing to do.

which has been especially prepared for presentation When the child says "everybody does"(pertaining in the homes of members of the Church. It will be to some wrongful habit) the parents may here point

of great value and. help to parents in rearing their out that "everybody does not"and show what the

children. It will take us about fortyfive minutes to surveys set forth—for instance, that most young people

present it. May we come over Tuesday at 8 p.m. and want to be told what time to come in at night ( ninetygo over it with you and your wife?"five percent ), and most of them ( ninetyfour percent

Having made the appointment, the brethren workexpect guidance from their parents.

ing in the program should plan on having four visits (c) Next go to page 7 of the blue book and disin the home of the inactive brother, after which the cuss the points raised there, making application as bishop will send representatives from the various wisdom directs.

auxiliary organizations to augment the priesthood This should be sufficient material for the second presentation. visit. After having made these points, the priesthood

It is thought that it would be wise to follow somevisitors should make an appointment for the third call.

what the following pattern in presenting the "Keep Third Visit. We suggest that the priesthood brethFaith with Your Family"appeal: ren review with the father and mother in the home

First Visit. Do not attempt to explain the book on the material printed in smaller type under the blue

this first visit. Let the book speak for itself. Turn background at the bottom of the pages in the blue

the pages slowly; read all of the material aloud. Perbook. There are two sections of this material, one

mit the family to make any comments they may desire beginning on page 2 and the other on page 9.

to make, but ordinarily do not make any particular Take these up point by point with the parents and explanation yourself. Explanations will come at later discuss with them pointing out that all of this material

visits. After the entire book has been read, leave one comes from the studies made by the 1960 White House

of the little blue books entitled, "Keep Faith with Conference on Children and Youth. It is authoritative,

Your Family,"make an appointment for a return visit, and is something in which the parents may place their and then leave. trust. It represents the best thinking of the nation on

Second Visit. The priesthood brethren should take these problems.

with them—not the big easel book—but their copy Fourth Visit. In this (Continued on page 765)

OCTOBER I960 755 Aaronic Priesthood Bearers Can Grow and Develop in Ward Teaching Program

The young Aaronic Priesthood bearer has many opportunities to grow and develop in the gospel. One of the greatest of these is presented to him through the ward

teaching program.

Here he can learn much about Church order and procedure. If observant, he

can gain knowledge of Church organization, for through his visits and meetings he can see a part of that organization in practise.

The young ward teacher can also receive worthwhile experience in the field of human relations. He can learn to meet and talk with people, to present lessons

and to lead discussions without being ill at ease. This training will prove invaluable to him in the event he is called to serve in the mission field and of extreme

worth in any event.

He can also grow by widening his sphere of acquaintances. He gets to know

the families he visits and learns from them. Particularly can he learn from his

senior companion. The senior is usually a veteran teacher, skilled in dealing with

people and conversant with the gospel. He is in a key position to assist the young

teacher in his learning and growing processes.

To serve as senior companion to one of these fine young men is a special challenge. It carries with it a great deal of responsibility also, for the examplebe it good or bad—set by the senior will make a profound and very probably permanent impression upon his young coworker.

For this reason, the senior companion must be at all times "on his toes."He

cannot cut corners or do things in a goodenough-toget-by fashion. That he might

fulfil the trust given him, he must teach at all times according to the instructions he receives from his bishopric and from this office. His lessons are painstakingly prepared and convincingly presented. His visits are welltimed and thorough. He does

these things, first of all, because he realizes that they are proper for all teachers and is especially cautious because he knows he has been entrusted with a young, impressionable companion upon whose character and ward teaching habits he can exert a powerful influence for good. He knows that if he takes advantage of his

opportunity and succeeds in instilling good habits and a proper attitude in his young colaborer, his satisfaction can be great. He knows equally well that if he

fails and sees his junior companion develop slovenly habits and ideas, that he will have much to regret. He realizes also that as he teaches, he learns, and he himself

becomes a more effective ward teacher.

For both the senior and the junior companion, then, the challenge and the opportunity is great. Both can grow and develop in the program and the Church as a

whole. Wise are they who take advantage of the opportunity, and wise indeed the

bishop who gives as many as possible, the chance to do so.

756 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA WARD TEACHING SUPPLEMENT Your Spiritual Food or of good report or praiseworthy, we seek after these

Man is the highest and most complex of God's things."(13th Article of Faith.)

creations, a being of many sides and facets. He is at 8. The commandments of God. Through keeping

the same time a physical being, a social being, an ourselves unspotted from the evils of the world, we intellectual being, and a spiritual being. Each of the make it possible for him to show us the way we must

aspects of the whole has its own characteristics and go.

makes its separate demands. Each needs sustenance In the final analysis, each of us is merely the sum

if it is to thrive and grow and live. total of the forces that act upon him. This being true,

This is especially true of the spiritual, for in many we would be wise to make those things part of our ways it is the most significant of all. lives which tend to nourish rather than starve the

Just as the physical part of us does not prosper spiritual being in us. For if this allimportant part of

unless we care for it and nourish it, so the spiritual us is withered and dying, then—regardless of our

part will weaken and die if not properly fed. Unless strengths, abilities, and accomplishments in other

this part of man is strong and well, the whole cannot phases of life—we are failing where we can least

flourish. afford to fail.

How can we keep ourselves spiritually healthy? "And Jesus said unto them, I am the bread of life:

What are these spiritual "foods"we must take unto he that cometh to me shall never hunger; and he that

ourselves? Among others, the following deserve believeth on me shall never thirst."(John 6:35.)

mention: 1. Prayer. Through earnest and meaningful prayer, Nevada Priest has

a cornerstone of the spiritual life, we attune ourselves Exceptional Record with our Creator.

2. Fasting. Through denial of bodily foods, we inAnother example of uncrease our receptiveness to spiritual foods. usual diligence and de-

S. The Sacrament. Through partaking of the bread votion in the Aaronic

and, water "in remembrance of him,"we covenant Priesthood program is Leon that we will "always remember him"that we "may Storms of the Wells Ward, always have his spirit with"us. to be Stake. Humboldt (Nevada)

4. Meditation. contemplation,; t: -i 'Through worshipful year record He has a seven

we grow in the understanding of spiritual values and of perfect attendance at priesthood meeting and goals. Sacrament meeting and has earned six individual

5. Study. Through study, especially study of the Aaronic Priesthood awards.

scriptures, we learn of spiritual things. The son of Elder and Mrs. George Storms, Leon

6. Activity. Through activity in the Church, we ashas taken part in many phases of Church activity. He

sociate ourselves with those who have put spiritual is a seminary graduate, and is now serving as secrematters foremost in their lives. tary of his priests quorum.

7. "The good life."Through the enjoyment of upTalented musically Leon has been a valued membuilding things and people, we gain spiritual depth ber of his high school pep band, and this last year

and awareness. "If there is anything virtuous, lovely, served as assistant director.

OCTOBER I960 757 FRONT DOOR

u.

I-

758 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

TODAY'S FAMILY, FLORENCE B. PINNOCK,

EDITOR IN Soon little goblins, witches, and ghosts will ring your door bell crying out the ditty, "Candy or cake or your windows we'll break."Under those sheets and

masks, gentle little hearts are beating without a thought as to the real meaning of this threat. That is why it is a pleasure to treat these young neighborhood

characters. Don't try to settle down with a good book or relax in a deepcushioned

chair to watch TV. Halloween just isn't the night for this. You might as well

enter in and have fun with the children. Prepare ahead of time a special treat

and have fun meeting them at the door, guessing their identity, acting frightened of the tiny masked people, and passing out a delightful surprise. Just a stick

of gum, an apple, or a plain lollipop isn't as much fun, and you will find that a special treat prepared ahead of time is just as inexpensive and will be greeted with oh's and ah's that will be well worth the effort.

I know of one man who always dresses up for Halloween, mask and all, and the children are so surprised when he answers the door. He invites them in

(it's best when the weather is good and small feet do not tramp in mud and water) shakes hands with them all and passes around a special treat. Those

little ghosts and goblins always leave his house with the thought, "He's the nicest man in the whole neighborhood."One woman I know has an apron made of orangecolored organdy with little black cats appliqued all over it. The apron comes

out once a year and greets the Halloween visitors. She looks so festive as she

passes out her treat. Another home always sets the dining room table with a

shining black plastic cover. Orange pumpkins are glued around the border.

On the table stands a huge punch bowl filled with orangecolored lemonade (the hostess discovered that little people like cold lemonade better than a hot wassail )

Small homemade doughnuts accompany this drink. The centerpiece is usually a

large cutout pumpkin lighted with a candle. Does all this sound like work?

Well, it's worth it. Enter into the fun yourself, and the evening will be a gay one,

rather than an irritating, interrupted, ordinary one.

Let's talk now about the treats for these little tricksters. One treat that is

always greeted with ecstasy is little gingerbread boys. You could line these

gingerbread people against the wall and have the tiny guests choose their boy or you could just pass them out on a large platter. Just take one package of gingerbread mix and add about Vs cup of milk, just enough to form a stiff dough.

Mix well and chill. Roll to Vt inch thickness, cut with a gingerbread man cutter.

Place on greased cookie sheets and bake at 375 degrees F. To decorate dip a

toothpick in orange frosting and make eyes, nose, and mouth. The buttons just

shine if you make them with little silver candies.

Popcorn is truly a Halloween specialty. It can be served in so many ways.

My favorite, I believe, is a popcorn ball. Let me repeat this recipe for you. Combine 1 cup of dark corn syrup, 1 package brown sugar, and bring to boil. Add 1

square of butter or margarine, stir and bring to boil again. Add 1 cup of evaporated milk and V cup white sugar. Bring to boil and cook to the softball stage.

Pour over 3 gallons of popped corn. Form into small balls. Wrap each ball in

cellophane and tie with variedcolored ribbons. Salted peanuts may be added to

the popcorn to vary the recipe.

Sugared corn is good served in small wax bags.

Sugared Corn (simple to make but tasty)

Va cup melted butter Vz teaspoon cinnamon 2 tablespoons sugar Vz teaspoon nutmeg

OCTOBER I960 759 FUND RAISING Mix and pour over 2 quarts of hot Easy SpiceNut Cake popped corn. Mix well.

2V4 cups cake flour Puffed Rice also makes delicious 1 teaspoon salt balls. of Boil sugar, white 2 cups teaspoon baking powder

V2 of corn syrup, white cup teaspoon soda and %1 of stage. hardball to fhe water 2 cup 1 teaspoon cinnamon

Pour over the puffed rice, first mak- y% teaspoon nutmeg ing the rice crisp in a slow oven. 1 cup sugar

balls Form into shortening cup using butter on % to Invites you raise money gaily. Wrap 1 milk cup sour selling his delicious by home hands.

style candies. 12 deliciously Crunchies make a wonderful Hal- 1 teaspoon vanilla

different confections at loween treat wrapped in orange 3 eggs reasonable prices. Send for cellophane and tied with black rib- % cups chopped walnuts

his beautiful, natural color bon. I have had a number of

catalog free. requests to repeat this recipe, so here

NO RISK NO MONEY NEEDED it is: Sift the dry ingredients together

WE PREPAY FREIGHT in mixing bowl. Add sugar, shortenTHIS MAIL TONIGHT ing, COUPON of the sour milk. and % cup Crunchies Dept. A- 19 SIMS & CO. Vz 2 minutes. Beat remaining Add

AVE., PHILA. 6007 41, OGONTZ PA. V2 box Cheerios the milk Pleass cup sour and eggs Carl unbeaten free catalog. send Hummel my

Nam e 1 medium package Post Toasties and vanilla. Beat 2 minutes. Stir

Address 1 medium package Rice Krispies in the nuts. Bake in paper cups in

City,.Zone Stale 2 cups cocoanut flakes muffin tins at 350 degrees F. Frost

Organization 2 cups salted peanuts and decorate when cool.

Mix all together in a large pan

Cupcakes may be decorated in so

to faces melted with draw pumpkin TYPEWRITERS Syrup many ways. One of the simplest is

this chocolate, toothpick; using a especially suitable for 2V2 cups dark Karo syrup do

2V2 cups sugar after the cupcake has been frosted to set, or make you can frosted cupcake GENEALOGY WORK Vz1 cupcup molassesevaporated milk anda facehadontimethe orange! with raisins, or you can use colored SAVE! Cook to softball stage: pour over fruit candy lifesavers for eyes and

Stir well and let stand for nose. Make the mouth with a strip 25% to 60% mixture.

10 minutes, then shape into small of red gumdrop. on Factory Rebuilts balls.

PORTABLES - STANDARDS Cookies also may be decorated the

ELECTRICS Homemade Peanut Brittle is also same as cupcakes. Here is a favorite

Write For Free Literature a favorite with the little ghosts. cookie recipe with the little people

I know.

Peanut Brittle Business Machines and Supplies 2 cups sugar Spicy Drops 1 cup white corn syrup (Makes about 110 cookies)

State 757 So. water cup unsifted flour cups 3 City 11, Utah 1 Salt Lake

2 cups salted peanuts 1 teaspoon baking powder 2 tablespoons butter teaspoon soda vanilla 1 teaspoon ERMA WHITE'S salt teaspoon 2 teaspoons soda % teaspoons 2 cinnamon 1 teaspoon nutmeg Cook the sugar, syrup, and water 1 teaspoon cloves to softball stage in a large skillet, 1 cup shortening continue peanuts cooking and add 2 cups brown sugar until light gives syrup is brown and eggs 2

FIESTA TOURS a hard crack test in water. Remove 1 cup milk

soda, heat for Fun"from "Famous and and add vanilla, vanilla 1 tablespoon HAWAII stir. butter, 2 large out on Pour

Jan. 1961 2 walnuts cups chopped

cool, sheets, cookie break Tow as buttered as raisins cups 2 $349. out pieces into small or spoon one cooking rolled oats cups quick 2 MEXICO

Feb. 1961 teaspoon at a time on greased suras low as

for 17 days. face—work fast. $259

$50 FREE EARLY BIRD Mix the dry ingredients together.

BONUS Cupcakes are delicious and they Cream shortening, sugar, add eggs,

Sign Up Now are so easy to decorate. Here is the beat. Stir in the dry ingredients IN 7-4722

If no answer call recipe of a wonderful spice cake. alternating with the milk and vanilla.

IN 6-2455 2890 Melbourne Street Salt Lake City 6, Utah

760 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Right at the Center of the Center of Scenic America

Fold in nuts, raisins, and rolled oats.

Drop by tablespoons on greased cookie sheets. Bake 375 degrees F.

Decorate as for cupcakes.

Halloween Chews

1 cup sugar 2 cups honey 1 cup light cream.iriilBflMifii

Combine the ingredients and cook slowly until it reaches the hardball "'.::..: ':......:.;'

stage. Pour onto a buttered surface.

Then cool enough to handle, butter light pull until goldhands, and color. Adjacent to worldfamous Temple Square

pieces. scissors inch in oneCut with

Wrap in wax paper. Your choice of downtown locations:

HOTEL 500 air conditioned rooms with Hotel Utah 1 50 air conditioned rooms with television, circulating conpool, swimming TV and treats:Other Halloween ice MOTOR

facilities vention UTAH radio,water, adjoining lobby, garage for up to 1500 lOnrF faces persons. Empire marked with Coffee Room, Shop. Oranges—with

whole cloves. Max Dean, Manager

Jelly beans threaded on heavy thread to make a string of beads.

Donuts served from a long arrow.

bag filled huge Grabbag—a with Magnificent Tone gifts such assortment ofan wrapped

as: pencils, pennies, gum, stick from a beautifully compact

licorice, marshmallows, erasers, note modern console paper, etc. HAMMOND New StereoTone

little only Halloween your Not Reverberation System New if SELFCONTAINED willcallers, fun too have but you 'All outstanding features found spirit this into night of the enteryou ORGAN! in larger models goblins, ghosts, witches, andwhen

all kinds of little people walk the --i colorsThousands of beautiful tonestreets.

Rich Vibrato effects on either keyboard Never gets out of tune Only Hammond offers all these features Only $25.00 down

Letter to Bob Glen Bros. Music

(Continued from page 729) OUR PLAY TIME PLAN 2546246 So.Wash.MainBlvd.—SaltOgdenLake

thought and earnest prayer, I started Keep organ 30 days$25.00—6 lessons for only Hammond Organ Dealer for 25 Years

to write:

"Dear Bob, "Julie came in to see me the other night. She asked me if I would keep (j*(i+byin touch with you while you areaway in the service. Since I was in P

the army myself, I know what itmeans to receive encouraging letters ek t& 6ekooi time from home. "Julie told me that you helped her to become active in the Church.

I'm grateful to you for that influPlease lend a free HOME STUDY catalog to:

ence, Bob. A while back she came Name

up to me and said: 'Bishop, what do Address

I have to do to prepare myself to City State be married in the temple?'Bob, it T* S.nd to:

Adult EducationHOMEjnd STUDYEirttniion Srvic< righam Young Uniyariity Provo, Utah

OCTOBER 1960 761.

thrills me to see young people with thinking virtuous thoughts, and if high and lofty desires preparing for there is a prayer in your heart, you eternal marriage. can have the strength to overcome

"Now I know that you want the any temptation. Then, even to the

respect of your friends. As long as chiding of your associates, you can

you remain loyal to your ideals of say: 1 have always been taught that

virtue, you will have that respect. smoking is harmful to the body, both

Because you are of the gospel, you spiritually and physically. Thank

NEED MONEY? toaresellof yournoblebirthrightbirth. Youfor can'ta moment'safford you"Oneanyway.'LDS boy serving in Korea

You or your Church organization can pleasure. The cost is too high. May was given the keys to the Overseas

make up to $1,000 or more by selling I offer you some suggestions to help Club. He was the only person the

Christmas cards and supplies. you remain pure and clean while officials could trust because he didn't

Absolutely no money outlay. Free you are away from your sweetheart? drink. He said to me: 'I couldn't

delivery. shipping, immediate All maOne of the surest ways to safeguard drink. Thev trusted me, and bejor quality cards lines of and supplies

available at lowest prices. yourself from the sin and the filth sides when I got away from home

Average profit of LDS organization that is all around you, is to be preand saw the difference in the high last year, over $200—several more pared beforehand, either to avoid standards I had as compared to the

than $1,000. the temptation or to have sufficient filth and immorality around me, I

Many other fund raising projects also strength to withstand it. realized that the consequences of

available. "The other day I was talking to a these sins were just too great. I

Write or call now for full details. fellow who had been in Japan. He knew that to take a drink was the

No obligation. said: 'Whenever I was tempted to first step towards losing control of

Visit us during conference. go into a bar, or a nightclub, I asked myself and ending up in a house of

myself this question—"Is that a propprostitution, committing the sin

U. UJ. Wholesale Jjidributord er place for a person who holds the which would bring great sorrow. No,

LDS Owned and Operated priesthood to go?"If the answer sir. I couldn't take a drink!'

was "No,"then I would say to myself: "To 'pray always'means just what

2435 So. State Salt Lake City, Utah "I'm not going in there by myself."it says, Bob. Pray a hundred times

Phone HU 6-7166 And I never did.'a day, if necessary. Pray until you

"That's a pretty good basis for are so filled with the burning desire 12U making a decision, isn't it, Bob? to keep yourself clean and not submit to the pleasure or excitement of helped ideas have which "Other

will that the be able you moment, their testimonies to build boys many of to all temptation to 'No'forms say are while true remain away and the appearance avoid very thus and story of the read these: Each week

evil. of Joseph Smith when he went into the

grove to pray. Visualize the picture "What tremendous strength of

in yourself. PORTABLE you'll build all his heart. character praying with of him and Hal Racks Coat of all the respect You'll command jCis** yourself in prayer kneel down Then

and say something like this to your your friends. You'll also be true to

parents, your sweetheart, your your 'Because in this wonheaven: Father Holds and72hatscoats Father, and yourself. Heavenly of appearance of the vision derful

service small readily a as asWheels of prayer the is power come into a unfolds wilt true, rackcart. thou "May The the Son Father and

6'6"coats unit holding VeeplonKrigid life counter72 Scientifically hats. with into that strongly so a up youand your it let mind so impressed upon be my it set that be up so can of the Setssweep

fold inbalancedliterally down In 2 able will clean... arms and be home come it before will whenthat come me umbrella. easily asseconds andas an seconds. or 3

steel with tubular squareBuiltTor storage of 'I resweetheart: to to have your say to wrong?'I do ever tempted closedend of shelves hatdouble am

cast by supported tubes to you. true can asmained to Plated we brackets. Now

in offered tobacco and beauty. permanent bealuminumaluminumsure "You may Wheelsthroughordinfinish. Qualityand marriage.'forengineering, temple plan our ary doorways. vet efficientconstruction equipment most resistanceThe your build alcohol. up To 8'4'x area meeting and for dining sustain bless and Lord you racks stores "The etc. equipment, standbydevelopedrooms, visualize this. try no, Simply to say varies. (or people. 720 "load"the for wherever... you, Bob. I you. saying, thank yourself 'No for BulletinWrite VP690

Made VOGELPETERSON CO. don't smoke,'to a buddy. Think of "Faithfully your brother,"

Only By Rt. 83 & Madison St.—Elmhurst, III. being at a party where some intoxicating beverage is being offered to

A BARGAIN IN TRAVEL! ing,you. 'NoAgainthankpictureyou, yourselfI don't asdrink.'sayTwo Months

Unlimited Train Travel "By doing this you will make your in Europe decision in advance to avoid these influences. Our character is but the stamp on

$125.00 "The Resurrected Jesus said to the

Can be purchased only in U.S.A. Book of Mormon peoples: 'Pray alour souls of the free choices of good

Call or write ways lest ye enter into temptation.'and evil we have made through

( 3 Nephi 18: 18. ) There is no better

Christopherson Travel Service advice than this. If your mind is life—Geike.

"Big John Weenig"Box 403 Provo, Utah FR 3-5310

762 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Shakespeare in Early Utah

(Continued from page 721)

only drew people to its commercial and church activities, where they could see Shakespearean productions, but also created a statewide interest in the drama. Like an alluvial fan,

the influence of Shakespearean theatricals spread from its center in Salt

Lake City to remote parts of the state. The greater influence was, of

course, in larger cities close to Salt

Lake City. Ogden and Provo, where

twentyseven productions of twelve plays were given, were important Wonderful places of dramatic interest in Utah. For WE1NERS

Brigham City and Logan also had a few presentations of Shakespearean plays. To the south, Cedar City and For Picnics That Click, Get TABLE QUEEN BUNS

Parowan citizens had the privilege SALT LAKE CITY C. J. vanROYALUitert,BAKINGManagerCOMPANY OGDEN

of seeing Shakespearean plays in.V w itheir own localities. Perhaps many v

unrecorded plays were seen by en-..sparkling

thusiastic groups in other centers in the state.

With nearly 250 productions of twenty different plays in all parts i settlements state,of the even remote of lemon limein with hundreds southern Utah;

conference and business visitors from outlying parts of the state taking advantage of opportunities to see good Shakespearean theater in

Salt Lake City; and with theatrical in the green bottle

excursions from Ogden and Provo, one is impressed with the abundant opportunities available to pioneers *i*S*: 'ii4:"> i: *s V-'-'i!

to see many performances of these plays. When compared with prowith the red label

ductions of Boucicault or with individual popular nonShakespearean plays in the Salt Lake Theater,

Shakespearean productions stand out, so much so that Lindsay wrote: Get in the Spirit!

"Out of the multitudinous drapre- pictures beenmatic that have Bottled by Co., lSERVE ice cetB"76"Bottling CocaCola of this theatresented on the stage

City, Salt Lake Utah during its fortythree years of existence, it is interesting to know which relief. bold need out instand We ONE! INCH EVERY HEALTHIER A

flour grind or Stone before hours your bread baking a few of reply, the to plays hesitatenot.. it's rolls to nutrition get a simple, inexpensive more way

that are thoseShakespeare, and daily diet flour. fresh into your. with ground whole wheat

nearest akin to them."(Op. cit., LEE HOUSEHOLD FLOUR MILL

p. 176.) Electric * Automatic

When Shakespearean productions Portable Economical in Utah are compared with producChoiceintroductoryof 4 flourmills,offer.writeSendfor couponprices! withSave checkon thisor

tions before 1880 in Denver, another daymoneyshipped.order for 5 lb. pkg. Flour is stone ground

center of culture in the Rockies, we LEE ENGINEERING CO., Milwaukee 1, Wisconsin

are extensiveness the with impressed

J in interestof the Shakespeare in LEE2023 ENGINEERINGW. Wisconsin COMPANYDept.Ave.—Milwaukee 1,IE10-60Wis.

| 5-lb. pkg. FLOUR, ( ) SMITH DEAF artistry acting of theUtah. The and

$1.50 Ppd. Only I'

5-lb. pkg. of FLOUR, ( the pro- ) WIS.-MINN.staging and the number

! Ppd. $1.00 Only

Name | Street—| City State J

OCTOBER 1960 763 PORTABLE POWER CUTS YOUR COSTS ductions lead one to believe that productions, exerted an influence for

Shakespearean theatricals were an good among a people who were lookagent of civilization among the pioing to the drama for spiritual betterneers. Shakespeare's treatment of ment. All of this, of course, indicates

universal themes, issuing in maxims, that the early Mormon settlers in the axioms, and practical truths, freRockies were a cultured and a requently given emphasis by quality fined people.

100KW—AllOther Sizes—600Voltaqes,WattPhases.to

USE POWER TOOLS WITH DEPENDABLE What manner of men they *"*- ELECTRIC OWE* PLANTS You save 4 big ways with a were....

WINPOWER electric plant:

(1) automatically idles plant when load is off... cuts fuel cost...

lowers noise... extends engine

life; costs less to buy... priced to RICHARD L. EVANS (2)

beat all competition;

(3) speeds up production by supplying low cost, instant power on the job;

(4) gives you long and dependable service backed by 35 years of Portable experience. manufacturing dolly Each generation runs its short run, leaving the fucradle units or two wheel

types. ture to take on some of the problems of the past,

COMPLETE FREE BROCHURE AND prinothers, appraising solving adding some and INFORTHE MAIL. RETURN SENT BY MATION SPOKEN ciples, struggling sometimes devicompromise, with

WORD ating, sometimes staying true to course. And as WINPOWER MFG. CO. we see the stark reality of what our forebears faced, we wonder

Dept. NEWTON, IOWA what ingredients of greatness went into the making of such men. If

Distributed by one could realize acutely what it would mean to enter an isolated

L A. JONES CO. area, with little more than a few simple tools—except for faith and

1120 Richards St. DA 2-5849Salt Lake City, Utah freedom and courage and convictions and the willingness to workone could then sense a little more what manner of men they were.

Idea! tor CONSTRUCTION - HOME - FARM Nobody now seems much to move anywhere without impedimenta,

CAMPING much paraphernalia, much provision, much costly equipment. But

WELFARE think of being far from a ready source of food, far from any source and EMERGENCY PROGRAMS of supply—of being dependent upon the ability to gather and to

get what the open country could provide. Think of being in the

wilderness with no one to turn to—no one except themselves and

divine Providence—and think of the extra closeness there would be

S to him under such circumstances. Much of what we have we would

not have if our pioneer and pilgrim forebears had not laid their lives on the line. Everything we have that is worth having has

HilF ditionscome throughare notthealtogetherwork and comparable,sacrifice of someone.the same Andprincipleswhile constill

prevail, and we have to be willing to stand for something, willing to extend ourselves, willing to sacrifice, willing to work if we are to have and to hold that which matters most. We can't idle our way into

affluence. We can't keep even if we are digging deeper into debt.

We cannot safely forget that the easy way is often harder than any other. And we would plead with this generation not to ignore

history, not to ignore principles, not to forget the price already paid—

BRIDAL GOWNS not to forget honor and honesty and the honoring of obligations;

FORMALS not to forget the willingness to prepare; not to forget sacrifice and

DRESSES service. If ever we were drawing more heavily upon the past than

LINGERIE we are replacing, we should be pursuing a course that is less than safe. Thank God for the courage, for the faith, for the foresight,

for the principles, the honor, the effort, and the downright devotion to duty of the pioneers and patriots of the past. And God grant that

we may appreciate and preserve the heritage we have.

"The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the

Columbia Broadcasting System, Jul)'24, 1960. Copyright 1960.

38 South Main Salt Lake City

764 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA THE CENTER OF \Charles Anthon and the ( CONVENIENCE \ Egyptian Language y /T-.—K (Continued from page 710) COOif4 MOTELNEW AMERICA writes, B.Egyptian. H. Roberts SHOP "Of 330MUTYBEAUTIFULMAINSALONAT FIFTH BABESOUTHROOMS

transcripts the professor in thecourse [Anthon] would doubtless recognize some Egyptian characters of the hieratic Egyptian, and in the translation would also find a right inofterpretation characters those salt lake city

I this not thinkbut. he. do beyond. Mm, J.

to as confirmationcould give much the correctness of the translation."7 (LU)J!jtjdl>liO\m USA/ UMti hJO&W

Several efforts have been made to cT J demonstrate that the Book of Mormon characters are in fact Egyptian.

Honorable as such attempts are andfascinating though they may be, the New Crop Raisins Are net result is generally a striking comsimilar characters of theparison and At Your Grocers NOW! charof the dissimilaran ignoring

acters. By this very method it may

be "proved"that we speak Russian in this country. Even a reincarnated

Egyptian could not have translated PAKthe "Anthon Transcript,"because HOME * the "reformed Egyptian"writing and BRAND language was such that "none other our language."people knoweth CALIFORNIA SEEDLESS 9:34.)(Mormon

In conclusion it has been shown that the two men to whom Martin

Harris showed the "Anthon Transcript"were actual people of im- - RAISINS - portance, and that Anthon, in particular, would have been one of the few men in the Western Hemisphere capable of noting the similarity between the characters on the transcript and Egyptian. The real

significance of the event, however, lies in our understanding of the fulfillment of Biblical and Book of

Mormon prophecies (Isaiah 29 and lovely 2 Nephi 27.) for* Leftovers DEVELOPEDFILMSand PRINTED

7B. H. Roberts, A Comprehensive History of

the Church of Jesus Christ of hatterday Saints (Salt Lake City: Deseret News Press, 1930), KITCHEtl CHARITl

PER ROLL For any 6, 8 or 12 Exposure B &W Roll

Melchizedek Priesthood Page How about sending a JUMBO PRINTS only 354 per Roll (Continued from page 755) gift subscription to the ERA? Send coin only—no C.O.D.'s

visit we might use pages 9 to 11 for A monthly reminder of MoneyBack Guarantee discussion, taking up point by point your thoughtfulness.

there. suggestionsthe given Then PHOTO LAB it 12 issues - $3.00 SAM'S

Utah P. O. Box 1115 Dept. AA Salt Lake City,is that suggested the turn with we

parents to pages 12 and 13, urging them to read these pages over i**>>:-. ><fr><$t<**j*j*3:**M-Mjg<gi*<it<gt8>*$ti$

themselves. It might become toopersonal if we spend too much time APOSTLES OF JESUS CHRISTon each of these points the same *** Reprint of FULLCOLOR pictures of November, 1959 Improvement

evening, and the inactive people Era with text by President David O. McKay. For teachers, parents,

might feel we are "pouring it on."It or ward or home libraries. **** Now available in Bound Booklet Form at your L.D.S. CHURCH BOOK

DEALERS - Only $1.00. **

M**M<M*<M*M**->J* OCTOBER I960 765 QUICK PROFITS

is visits therefore, suggested, that These four by the priesthood we front EASY SALES call their merely attention brethren the visits should to them, precede will people y"our buy the auxiliaries. do enter into detail on the by that we

* Messenger's Latterof prayer. matter the priesthood brethren When Saints Art Calenday

on sight. dar This is If conditions seem right, it would (whether for senior Aaronic or Melespecially the calendar

designed and produced be well at this point to ask the father chizedek quorum work) have made for the Latter Saint market. Wardsday and mother if permission may be had their four visits (more if necessary

and Stakes can make to have the priesthood brethren and advisable) they should notify up proven to 100%andprofit.testedA visiting them kneel with them then the bishop that the family is ready

fundraising program and there in a family prayer. It for visits by the auxiliary workers. for quorums and organizations. would be well to call in the children Auxiliary Organization Visits: It is

Mail coupon today for at this point and have them kneel suggested that when the auxiliary full particulars. in prayer, too. One of the visiting workers visit the family they do not

Messenger Latterbrethren should lead in prayer to content themselves with merely exday Saints Art Calavoid embarrassment to persons not tending an invitation to attend endar has brief accustomed to praying themselves, Church. Rather they should come, scriptural message

Latter - day for to set of their with and also them an example some of how to bringing for Saints each day circle. as material exhibits in the teaching family and topray of the year

propriategether with 13 artapreproductions i n full,Alsonaturalhistoricolor.

cal data, etc. The ti fullcolor Scriptural Supplement on exile leaves himself is What the back cover

most beautiful and suitable for framing. behind?'

PRICES: Single copy 45<; 3 copies $1.25; RICHARD L. EVANS

12 copies $4.50; 25 copies $7.75;

50 copies $15.00. It is apparent that the pressures of life are, at times,

Write today for better prices on larger upon all of us. Anxieties, difficulties, decisionsquantities and for proven sales plan. THE even opportunities weigh heavily under some cirSPOKEN pressures collectively, meet cumstances. And, we J?* WORD JflVignore in sometimes problems and many ways. We Francis Proctor full in the face sometimes them them. seek to evade We 1051 E. 21st South, Salt lake City 6, Utah themor

Please send at once Messenger face, with the faith to know that, as we do what we can, there are

Latterday Saints Art Calendars for 1961. help and strength that come from sources both inside and outside

Enclosed is remittance of S likely solving of any the least ourselves. Certainly one ways of

send free information his to face facts. In refusal satisfactorily one of on Ward and situation is by I I StakePlease sales plan.

writings Montaigne implied the ineffectiveness of trying to evade

Name issues—of trying, in a sense, to run away from ourselves—or our

Address. obligations—or our opportunities. He quoted from Horace the

classic language of this question: "Reason and sense remove anxiety,

City State. Not houses that look out upon the sea. Why should we move to

find countries and climates of another kind? What exile leaves

himself behind?"1 When, indeed, did anyone ever leave himself

IN USE for SEVENTYFIVE YEARS behind? There are times when all of us need a change of pace,

Aids in treatment of Canker, simple rest and recreation, and time to step aside and think things through.

sore throat and other minor mouth But no one ever leaves himself behind. And changes: repentance,

and throat irritations. the altering of attitudes, the meeting of problems, the meeting of

opportunities—and all personal improvement—these have to happen

receive addition inside to whatever ourselves—in from help we may HALL'S REMEDY other sources. on from wherever knowing must move we are, We Salt Lake City, Utah

s.nBi'U- l)()t)'(}'M04 that there are problems and decisions, consequences and compensations, in all endeavors—that there are scars of battle, in a sense,

life isn't for that to altogether easy undertake do—and all we DRINK in

to live learn on; to through; believe; to hold anyone. have to We

ficq A delightful toagetry;to repent,to trust.to Andimprovepeaceuponcomes—personalthe past, to meetpeace—withthe problemsthe courand

hot beverage for those opportunities of the present, and to have faith in the future. "Reason

who don't drink coffee. and sense remove anxiety, Not houses that look out upon the sea.

AT YOUR GROCERS Why should we move to find countries and climates of another kind?

What exile leaves himself behind?"1

AVAILABLE NOW AT ZCMI trie presented Square Word,"from Temple over Spoken "The KSL and listing write for FREE complete of

System, Broadcasting 1960. August 14, Copyright 1960. Columbia

Choir Tabernacle Records Mormon by

Of Solitude, accredited to Horace. COLUMBIA RECORDS 1Quoted by Montaigne,

ZCMI Record Centre 47 South Main Salt Lake City, Utah

766 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA to the family theydemonstrate what e family. porissionary to offer suchhave A

trayal of what is offered for the various age groups should be given.

A "selling"job should be done,which should be persuasive, yet kind, D,istinctive choice of in encouraging the family to come. programs to make the

Auxiliary visits should be spaced farewell complete. The

a week or two apart to avoid "crowdmissionary's photograph ing"upon the family. The Sunday included in folded

School could come one week, and program.

the Primary another, followed in another week by the Relief Society, $18.00 for 500

and at another time later on by the and 85c per 100 or less than 500 for more people.MIA

plus postage This should be a gradually developed program, not a "crash"program.

We must avoid showering so much The West's Finest attention upon a family that they Printers and Binders feel they are being "smothered"by

it.

Even while the auxiliaries are working with the families, it is sugDeseret gested that the priesthood brethren continue their interest on the regular basis outlined for all work with inactive brethren as provided by the News quorum program.

33 8ICHARDS ST.

: m 4-2581 SALT LAKE CTY t UTAH Baptism in Ancient Israel (Continued from page 707) DISCOUNTS BEFORE BUYING AN ORGAN - SEE U in regard to a man's ways that all his TO 5 40%CHURCHES FOLDKING TO iniquities will be atoned so that he AND OTHERS may look upon the lifegiving light, and through a holy spirit disposed toward unity in his truth that he will BEFORE BUYING A PIANO - SEE...

be cleansed of all his iniquities, and

TABLE K-3 NO. spirit anthrough upright and humble

MASONITE TEMPEREDPIASTICIZED sinthat his will atoned, be and TOP FOLDING TABLE LINE through the submission of his soul Kitchen committees, social pianos groups, attention! Dircctfrom- allto flesh that his God's ordinances %

factory discounts up to terms.—Churches,will 40%prices so that cleansed be he may

Schools, Clubs,—Lodges and all THE WORLD'S FINESTpurify himself waterfor-imwith organizations. Our new Monpurity and sanctify himself with Banquetroe 1961TablesFoldKingare unmatchedFolding MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS

rippling water; and he will direct 7SMOOTH,MODELS.ROILING. iencefor quality,and handsomedurability, convenappear- AVAILABLE FOR CHURCH OR HOME

his steps so as to walk perfectly in EASY HANDLING, STORAGE. ance. 68 Models and sizes. PHONE OR WRITE FOR INFORMATION

all God's ways, as he commanded FREE—BIG 1961 CATALOG

trucks, table Full line tables, chair pictures. chairs, Colorfor his and turnseasons, appointed not CO. bulletin MUSIC -risers, SUMMERHAYS boards. partitions, 53rd year. portable

left, righting or transgressing nor a platform 3719 Utah So. StateAM 2-1 061 -S. L. C, St., Colfax, Iowa CO., 249 Church THE MONROEsingle all his of provisions. one Then

will he procure pardon before God through agreeable atonements; and

this will become for him a covenant of eternal communion."(Section 2, MEN

verses 6-12.)

From this reference it seems apWHO BUILT thatparent even before the time of THE WESTChrist, the of the people Land Holy were teaching that one must trulyrepent prior to baptism. By fulfilWORE

ing this requirement, baptism then brought about a remission of sins.

firm AMERICA'S FINEST OVERALL OCTOBEK I960 767 The Last Word

Waiter: "How would you like your rice?'Director: "Have you ever had any stage experience?'

Spinster: "Thrown at me."Applicant: "Well, I had my leg in a cast once."

Good habits are the soul's muscles. The more you The trouble with some people is that they won't

use them, the stronger they grow. admit their faults. We'd admit ours—if we had any.

It taketh age to make a sage, The wise no longer doubt it;

The older we grow The more we know, And the less we brag about it.

"If a thing is old, it is a sign that it was fit to live.

Old families, old customs, old styles survive because they are fit to survive. The guaranty of continuity is

quality. Oldfashioned hospitality, oldfashioned poAmerica is still the land of opportunity where a hadliteness,qualitiesoldfashionedof survival.honorTheyin transactionwill come back."and workman can start out digging ditches and wind up behind

a desk—if he doesn't mind the financial sacrifice. Capt. Edward V. Rickenbacker

Some people refuse to come up to the front of the church unless escorted by pallbearers. The easiest way for a driver to lose control of a car

is to forget to make the payments.

—Toronto Star

When you can think of yesterday without regret, and of tomorrow without fear, you are on the road to success.

Spare moments are the gold dust of time.

all of portions the stern to moralist said the the boy Of man,""Young life, the our spare monot "yourfishing creek time be very bank, must on the valuable. I've been watching you two hours, and ments are the most

you haven't had a single bite."evil.fruitful in good and

"Well, stranger,"the lad replied, "I consider my time too valuable to waste two hours of it watching another guy fishing when he ain't catching anything."

Don't let it be said of you, "He lived in a world of going to do but died with nothing done!"The best things are nearest: Light in your eyes,

—Te Karere flowers at your feet, duties at your hand, the path

# * * # of God just before you.

Almost sixyear-old Lois Marie, anticipating her first Then why grasp at the stars, but do life's plain, day at school and the necessity of a birth certificate, common work, certain that daily duties and daily ran to the door one evening with: bread are the sweetest things of life.

"Daddy, did you bring home my birthday ticket—English Precept

for me?"

768 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

nnTj tji 1 rlx \ND V >A X v J JL>|XjL that's all prime fillet, pressurebaked our own way to protect the natural protein and flavor! For consistently high quality, make your brand White Starthe tuna with theNEW

RECIPE mermaid on the label IDEA WHITE STAR TUNA RAREBIT Melt 3 tablespoons butter in saucepan. Stir in V3 cup flour and XA teaspoon

salt. Add 2 cups milk. Cook, stirring constantly until thickened and smooth.

Stir in 2 cups grated Cheddar cheese, % teaspoon Worcestershire sauce, 1 teaspoon prepared mustard. Heat to melt cheese. Add a 9 x/4-oz. Family Size

can or two 6 1/<>-oz. cans of White Star tuna. Garnish with parsley and serve

on toasted English muffins. Serves 4.

When it comes to planning the financial future Is the Family Benefactor Plan the one for you?

for your family, you need the very best help you Or perhaps it's the costsaving Commercial can get. You'll find it when you call your BeneWhole Life Plan. Or it may be one of scores of

ficial Life agent. He not only knows the value others. The important thing is to review your

of planning ahead... but he can tell you which insurance program now... and to plan careplan will best suit the needs and income of your fully each move that leads to a secure financial

family... now and in the future. future for your family.

Beneficial Life Insurance Co.

Beneficial Building, Salt Lake City, Utah

Please send information about Family Benefactor Plan

| Plan.Q | Commercial Whole Life BENEFICIAL UEE

Name tmutance

Street or RFD Virgil H. Smith, Pres. Salt Lake City, Utah

City Zone State