February 196, Get top academic training at a great university

Together with spiritual development in an ideal social

climate at your

Church university

j Brigham Young University, one of the great trained in a hundred universities and colleges.

universities of the world, offers finest education But there is a plus at BYU—it provides spiritual

in 60 departments of instruction. The students growth in addition to the academic and physical.

come from every state and scores of foreign Through its democratic spirit, counseling facilicountries, and because of superior training are in demand over the nation. They study on this ties, and religious organizations, BYU retains all

fastgrowing, beautiful campus with finest fathe friendliness of the small college while procilities and staffed with an outstanding faculty viding all the advantages of a big university.

CLIP AND MAIL REMEMBER THESE DATES

TO: Public Relations Department 2nd Semester Registration Feb. 5, 6

Brigham Young University, Provo, Utah Midsemester registration for rePlease send me free of charge additional information turning missionaries, servicemen, others by arrangement Mar. 28

about BYU. I am especially interested in

Summer School registration June 18

Name Brigham Young Address

City State UNIVERSITY BY DR. FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR. Now ovenfresh Purity Supreme Saltines are

crisper than ever, thinner than ever... so thin

Information Storage Space that every one pound package contains sixteen

One of the most important areas more saltine crackers than ever before. Buy a

of rapid development in modern package, next time you shop, and... for goodscience is "information theory"ness sake, whatever you serve, saltine it with

which considers the space required for storage of information, or the Purity Supreme Saltine Crackers.

time to transfer information by a given means, say by telephone or other communication devices. The

unit used in discussion is the "bit"which is the information gained by a decision of "yes"or "no"when the probability of the two answers is equal. Dr. R. Clark Jones in an

examination of the information capacity of photographic films has found a range of onehalf to three million bits a square centimeter (1/6 of a square inch) for Royal-X (high speed) film and Panatomic-X (medium resolution) film respectively. He further found that it takes

between 8,000 and 30,000 photons for one bit. A typical highfidelity

speech and music channel has an information capacity of 166,000 bits a second, or it would take 17 seconds to carry the same information as on one square centimeter of film.

A standard television channel has the same information in one frame as a half square centimeter of

Panatomic-X film, in electrical form And, treat the family to Supreme but somewhat less actually because Cocoanut Chocolate Drop Cookies of the limited resolution of the...so good with their rich chocoimage orthicon and the kinescope.

late bits and tender cocoanut.

Satellites with Snow Enjoy them often!

Saturn, the planet with the ring, also has nine satellites. It is thought

that because of how they reflect light that they must be covered with snows and ices of water and amSUPREME monia. One of the satellites, Titan,

has a tenuous atmosphere of SUPREME BAKERSmethane gas.

Denver and Salt Lake City

FEBRUARY 1962 73 The Improvement Era The Voice of the Church

Official organ of the Priesthood

Quorums, Mutual Improvement Associations, Ward Teachers, Music

Committee, Department of Education, and other agencies of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

Contents for February 1962 Volume 65, Number 2

Church Features

The Editor's Page: Free Agency—The Gift Divine, President David O. McKay 86

Your Question: In Obeying God Is Personal Liberty Curtailed?

President Joseph Fielding Smith 88

Delbert L. Stapley of the Council of the Twelve, Spencer W. Kimball 90 ART AND PHOTO CREDITS:

The Church Moves On, 78; Melchizedek Priesthood, 122; Presiding Bishopric's Page, 124. Photographs

Eldon Linschoten, 102 Max Tharpe, 110 Chicago Historical Society, 114

Ralph Clark, 126 Special Features Art Era Staff, 80, 106 The Spoken Word from Temple Square, Richard L. Evans 84, 113 AlvinPhyllis Gittins,Lueh, 9096

Virginia Sargent, 98 The Wentworth Letter, Preston Nibletj.... 96 Era of Youth

Photographs The "New Morality"in Motion Pictures and TV, Victor B. Cline 102 Ralph Clark

THE ERA OF YOUTH between pages 104 and 105

Character Sketch of James Lloyd Woodruff, Linda Andrews 106

The Book of Mormon and the Charge:. The Product of One Man of

Mediocre Ability,"Glade L. Burgon... 108

Youth Leaders, Help Youth Take Sides, Marion D. Hanks 110

Exploring the Universe, Franklin S. Harris, Jr., 73; Letters and Reports, 76; These Times: The

Civil War Centennial and Mr. Lincoln, G. Homer Durham, 80.

Today's Family: Florence B. Pinnock, Editor

To Keep You "In Shape"126 The Last Word 136

Stories, Poetry

New Shoes, Ora Pate Stewart 98

Poetry 84, 101, 105, 116

The Improvement Era Offices, 50 North Main Street, Salt Lake City, 11, Utah THE COVER:

stately Arizona the before Editor; Associate Standing Editor; Albert Managing L. Zobell, Editors; C. Josephson, L. Managing Evans, L. Green, Marba Doyle David and O. Richard

FarnilyJr., Editorial Today's B. Pinnock, Florence Patricia McKayEditor; E. Stephan, is Middleton. Grant, of Carter Judith Research G. John Stapley Delbert Elder Leon Temple

Editor; Art Directors. Associate Era Editor; and Era Mapyon, Youth Editor; Youth Elaine Reynolds The of Cannon, RalphAssociates: D. Hanks, Ed Marion TheKinnear, sustained Twelve, the of the Council

Editors. S. Harris, Sperry, B. Contributing Nibley, F. Bennett. Sidney Franklin G. Jr., Durham,of Archibald Hugh Homer at to apostleship the the 1950 October

Director; Subscription Scott, Business Snarr, A. Associate Manager; Manager; F. Bentley, General Glen T. Verl General Manager; Bertha S. Reeder, for the page conference. See 90

Representative. Advertising Regional Evans, JosephThayer article. biographical accompanying

Copyright Funds, 1961 by Mutual reserved. price Subscription $3.00 aInc..year,andin advance;publishedforeignby thesubscriptions.Mutual ImprovementS3.50 a year,Associationsin advance:of 35cthe singleChurchcopy,of JesusexceptChristfor specialof Latterdayissues. Saints. All rights

Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah as secondclass matter. Acceptance for mailing at special rate of postage provided for in section 1103. Act

of October 1917, authorized July 2, 191S.

The Improvement Era is not responsible for unsolicited manuscripts but welcomes contributions. Manuscripts are paid for on acceptance at the rate of 2c

a word and must be accompanied by.sufficient postage for delivery and return.

Thirty changesdays'cannotnoticebe madeis requiredunless thefor oldchangeaddressof address,as well as Whenthe neworderingone is included.a change, please include address slip from a recent issue of the magazine. Address Coverby DeseretlithographedNews Press.in full color

74 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

(fc *

\ Timely and Challenging LDS Selections 1. CONTINUING THE QUEST

HUGH B. BROWN

President talent Brown has a tremendous in express- < ill ing himself and inspiring people all ages and 11 walks of life. His rich full life as exemplary parent,in all

counselor, attorney, advisor of youth, and now as a

General Authority qualifies him in a wide area. Within

this 534page book of sixtyeight selections is a bounteous treasury of his writings, "musings,""browsings,"radio talks, and Conference Addresses which ring with respect for facts, for authority, and for the eternal truths. This outstanding new volume should

be in every LDS family library. $3.95

2. PIONEER THEATRE IN THE

DESERT ILA FISHER MAUGHAN noun Early this March the Pioneer Memorial Theatre on tntfU thehundredUniversityyears priorof Utahto thiscampusdedicatorywill be date,dedicated.the oldA

SALT LAKE THEATRE first opened its doors to

President Brigham Young and the early pioneers in

Salt Lake Valley. Read this absorbing, colorful account

of the old Salt Lake Theatre, the Social Hall, and of theatrical endeavors throughout Utah in the early days. Extensive research makes this one of the most

fascinating LDS books ever written, highlighted by t>j&0$0t rare photos....$2.50

3. MORMONISM, AMERICANISM

AND POLITICS RICHARD vetterli iim This welldocumented volume of historical adventure r **& "J contains the full, factual story of the political philosophy of the Mormon Church from the time of Joseph

Smith to the present day. With rare insight and in a

-;!'/ '.-'scholarly, colorful, yet easyto-read way, Vetterli lays

bare the intrigues and machinations of early American politicians that fed the fires of mobocracy and led to the martyrdom of Joseph Smith, the expulsion of the

Mormons from Nauvoo and finally the horrors of the

Civil War $7.95

5aa

Deseret Book Company iiffiii 44 East South Temple, Salt Lake City, Utah

Gentlemen: Enclosed you will find check money order Q I have an

minimi account. Please charge. Amount enclosed $ for encircled

3 books: (numbered) Co. Dwecet&tBooh 12 Name.--**..... 44 East South Temple - Salt Lake City. Utah

Address City Zone State Residents of Utah include 3% sales tax.

FEBRUARY 1962 75 Letters and Reports

.#p of the South German Mission, who presided during the conference, and Walter

E. Traufer, president of the Swiss Temple.

Although only those who were free from duty were able to attend, nearly three hundred participated in the twoday conference.

The Book of Knowledge GIVES THANKS

aft'* Montevideo, Uruguay will wake him up! m

IN OUTSTANDING TEENS Editors: Dear tell truly there are no usEducators D.C. WASHINGTON, I of myself behalf thank on you May

.. uninterested onlylazy children sons, for great teachings the and two my

These two teens are examples be-—ofones. Knowledge Book. The Era. of many of missionary your

Latterday folk Saint young to are converts of three us—outstanding The now its unique arrangement ofcause

the set throughout world have who of the the help borrowed with Church, but curiosity. interest arouses andcreates for their fellow standards students and arc catching volumes, up backdated we

its child through thumbs follow. associates toAs your active are Both memhistory great of our events the with and

pages he becomes intrigued and is led bers of the Silver Spring (Maryland) Church.

in the Stake. Washington and muchas gracias. Thank you again, logical presentation. beWard Heon by the

Allredge L. is a priest with five David stop fascinated so he cannotcomes individual Priesthood awards. Aaronic He Sincerely,

reading. He actually learns without is an Eagle Scout with Bronze Palm, your brother in the faith,

even knowing he is learning. served on the district round table advisory J. A. Rial

committee for Explorer Scouts, and has

See for yourself. Send for the his Duty to God award. He has been

student body president at the Wheaton

FREE "miniature"Book of Knowledge High School in Washington, D.C. and

This free 24 page full color booklet served as president of the Montgomery contains actual pages of science, histionCountyof RegionStudent ofCouncils.the MarylandHe wasAssociaco-

tory, art, stories, quizzes, things to captain of his high school's championship make and do and other informative football team and played on the county and entertaining features taken diall-star team.

is an Roberta Honor Bee Jean Laneyrectly of Book Knowledge The from ENGLISH GOSPEL AND has awards. She two Mia Joy IN MIAitself. child to has TAUGHT PERU Give it your activfor individual and see fourand awards Church

it. reads eagerly is he Send for it ity, class,how of president her was and in Elder Stewart, laboring O. George

Blair of president the elected it's Montgomerytoday. It's free tvonderful! and Peru, teaching is seen English commercial

a service Library Club, School High orto converts investigators in the and of ganization three over hundred memCallao a small Branch MIA, town is bers. a She of the French member outskirts city. of capital Peru's Lima,THE BOOK OF Society the National Honor and Honor "... in elders for Callao, a the branch

Society. is not a the branch without Mutual,"

Elder Stewart writes.KNOWLEDGEopens the door to success SERVICEMEN'S CONFERENCE on the

IN GERMANY OUTSTANDING LDS YOUTH "FREE 24 PAGE FULL COLOR BOOKLET

THE historical city of The famous lovely and KNOWLEDGEInc. GrolierBOOK SocietyOF The Nineteenyear-old

Avenue, 575 Lexington New York 22, N. Y. old recently Heidelberg, was the Germany, Olsen is setDonna

Please send me the color booklet described above. scene of a district conference for the memting the pace in the

of bers serving the in the Church armed Twentysixth Ward forces are stationed in south Germany. who There are- -children in my family, ages - of the West Pocatello

The servicemen's district includes all of (Idaho) Stake. She

Name the South German Mission, and is prehas a one hundred sided attendance over by Amos L. Wright, district percent Addresspresident. all three record at

City -ZoneThe conference was high lighted by the meetings for the past presence of Blythe M. Gardner, president three years, and has

1E.L12J Inc. ACountyMpublication of Grolier Inc. 1962. Grolier

76 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA received seven individual awards. She has

received her Honor Bee, Worker Bee, first and second year Mia Joy Award, Junior

Laureate award, and Silver Gleaner award.

She is currently working on her Golden

Gleaner award.

THE 1923 VISIT

Los Altos, California Dear Editor, Today I found an item in the San Francisco Chronicle that was most interesting because of a certain interview Senator

Reed Smoot had with Lord BeaverWilburn G. Pickett's a farm boy. His column in The Deseretbrook. July 16, 1923...... (which) he

described in his diary. News, "Farm Roundup/'keeps his friend the farmer up to "The question of the Express publishing bitter attacks on the Mormon people the minute on latest farm news. It's another outstanding feacame up and he told me he had become

convinced that the attacks were unjust;

and upon assuring my that him they were ture in your Jggg/ggFhe told that M/MWg they me would not occur j&Ut fata {jfclcgramagain."

Today, 38 years later, Lord Beaverbrook reprimands the Sunday Express as

:follows "I protest. Paragraphs and interviews

denouncing Mormon missionaries should not be given publicity in the Sunday

Express. "Mormon missionaries represent an important and dignified branch of the Christian religion.

"I conclude... by declaring my own

devotion to the. "Gold Ribbon Winner at the Colorado State Fair. Presbyterian faith.

(Associated Press). gives you her recipe for Senator Smoot, evidently, soundly convinced Lord Beaverbrook on that afternoon in 1923. Candied Fruit Braid

Sincerely yours, "When I worked in the entry department of the Colorado

Fair, I never to enter,"had time says Mrs. Robert B

Jr. A. F. Cardon Wiley, of Boone, five Colorado. with "Now, young

to sons take care of, I'm a exhibitor. prizewinning This |jAIR FORCE CAPTAIN'S LETTER is Fruit Braid a favorite with my family, and it won $100WON

a Gold Ribbon at the Fair. It's easy with Fleischmann's

Captain Ferris M. Johnson, traffic Yeast because Fleischmann's rises fast every time."

analyst of the 1503rd Air Terminal Squadron at Tachikawa Air Force Base in Japan, recently won a George Washington medal / CANDIED FRUIT BRAID Makes 2 braids and in $100 the American Freedom 134 hot water cups Vz sugar I covered, cup 10 minutes. Divide half ofFoundation's letter writing contest. The Va juice orange cup into dough equal 4 portions. Roll threeletter, entitled Vote; "My Freedom's Privitablespoons 3 shortening 12"sections into ropes long,lege,"braid placed third on among some 500 1 Vi salt teaspoons Va very cup water warmentries in this greased sheet. cookie contest. Divide 4th por- 1 package Fleischmann's Active Yeast Dry Elder is Johnson 10"tion an into three servicemen's long ropes; LDS make 1 sifted IVi flour cups egggroup leader. is His wife disLorna the small braid. Place top on larger of one. Vi raisins cup 1 cup fruits candied mixedtrict Relief Society president. Elder Johnfruit Make second 2 braid this tablespoons rind orange butter melted way.son his and wife have two small children. let Cover: rise in place, free warm

A WRITER WRITES Combine hot water, sugar, orange juice, from draft, until doubled, about 40 shortening, salt. Cool to lukewarm. minutes. Bake in moderate oven

Salt Lake City, Utah Measure Va cup very warm water into (350 F.) 35 minutes. Brush with melted

bowl. Sprinkle in yeast. Stir to dissolve. butter, let cool.

Dear Editor: mixture lukewarm Add 2 cups and Frosting: Candied Blend 1 cup consweetest The words flour; well. beat egg remainand Add fectioners'sugar, fingers That peck: 2 tablespoons orange ing flour. lightly floured Knead on "Enclosed will you juice 1 and tablespoon butter. Decorate until board smooth, 7 about minutes. (please) find a check. cooled braids with frosting, candied in Place greased to bowl; turn grease cherries, pecans.

all sides. let rise in Cover: Sincerely yours, place, warm

free from draft, until doubled, about 1

Virginia Baker hour. Punch down, turn onto lightly

floured board; knead in raisins, can-

k died fruits, orange rind. Let dough rest,

ANOTHER FINE PRODUCT OF STANDARD BRANDS INCORPORATED m0t

FEBRUARY 1962 77 The Church Moves On

November 1961 LETTERPRESS TheTheodoreFirst M.PresidencyBurton, Assistantannouncedto thethe Councilappointmentof the ofTwelve,Elder

as president of the European Missions. He succeeds Elder

Alvin R. Dyer, also an Assistant to the Council of the Twelve, in

PRESERVING this capacity. Elder Burton, a former president of the West

YOUR PRIDE IN German Mission, will supervise eleven missions upon the contiCRAFTSMANSHIP nent of Europe.

Perfect photoengraving Announcement was made of two new members to the adminplates time after istrative staff of the general committee of the Church be achieved can time only with craftsmen welfare program. They are Elders Donald M. Bagley and

entire time whose and Gerhardt Drechsel. skills are to devoted

letterpress plates. Ammon (Idaho) Stake created from the South Idaho Falls

Stake with Elder Harold W. Davis as stake president and

CO. his R. Blatter counElders Glenn and Ralph M. Wood as

1242 SANTEE PST.ROSE LOSENGRAVINGANGELES 15 RICHMOND 9-2396 selors. as president of the Cecil E. South President Hart continues

Idaho Falls Stake with his counselors, Elders R. Jennings Scott

and Delmer E. Simpson. The stake receives its name from the

original Ammon Ward which was named for a great Book of

Mormon missionary. Ammon Stake, the 343rd in the Church,

was organized by Elder Spencer W. Kimball of the Council of

the Twelve and Elder Antoine R. Ivins of the First Council ofFILMS the Seventy.

AND PRINTED per roll December 1961

For any 6, 8 or 12 Exposure B & W Roll Mexico City Stake, the 344th in the Church, the first stake

JUMBO PRINTS only 35c per Roll in Latin America, was organized under the direction of

COLOR FILM is also areaEldersupervisorMarion G.of Romneythe LatinAmericanof the Councilmissions.of the ElderTwelveHaroldwho

sustained as president of the stake with Elders Julio C. was

as counselors. DEVELOPING BrownGarcia Gonzalo Zaragoza a membership and With

KODACOLOR of approximately 3,500, there are seven wards: Ermita, Ermita

8-Exposure Roll per Second, Industrial, Montezuma, Roma, San Pedro Martir, and

Printing Dev. and $2.55 roll Tlalpan, three branches: Corona, Toluca; and the EnglishMonte

Roll 2-Exposure per City; branch: speaking at Mexico branch one dependent and roll 1Dev. Printing and $3.00

Color Reprints 20c each Atlatlahuca. Missionaries first arrived in Mexico City in 1879.

a since has Stake in northern 1895, There Mexico been Juarez

SLIDES COLOR origin. entirely to of ministering almost AngloSaxon members

Slides 135 mm Color of as sustained president Paskett Raft River Elder H. Edwin exp., Dev. and 20 Mount. $1.35 rollper

135 mm Color Slides per (Idaho) Stake succeeding President Ephraim S. Miller. President

36 exp., Dev. and Mount $2.40 roll Paskett's counselors are Elders Donald W. Chandler and Charles H.

Color Movie per Warr. Released with President Miller were his counselors, Rawlins mm, 25'Roll $1.35 rol'

Afton Nye. D. and J. Harper iiiji i i.p wi i j m | inm m R. Elder Tate Donald sustained as president of Nevada Stake

as first counNEGATIVES MADE of OLD succeeding President Clair B. Black whom he served

PHOTOS, 60c each. PRINTS selor. New counselors are Brothers David J. Naylor, who served

of NEGATIVE, 4c each President Black as second counselor, and Clifford T. Utley.

as Britsch sustained A. to Presicounselor second Elder Ralph coin only - Send no CO.D.'s of the Stake presidency succeeding dent Utah Fred L. Markham Guarantee MoneyBack

B. Jones. (Continued Harold Elder on page 83)

SAM'SP. O. Box 1 1 1 5 Dept.PHOTOAA Salt Lake City,LABUtah

78 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA for your winter reading pleasure THE GLORY byOF SterlingTHE SUNW. Sill

These brilliant and enlightening radio messages of Elder

Sill contain sparkling, moving stories, and heartwarming experiences that will be long remembered. An excellent

guide to help Latterday Saints reach that exalted kingdom with "The Glory of the Sun."$3.50 BOOK

YOUNG BRIGHAM YOUNG

by S. Dilworth Young

::.::.: forHereyoungis a fascinatingpeople in whichbook

a master storyteller has recreated the setting of Brigham's youth. Vivid illustrations reveal the secrets of the flintlock gun,

special animal traps and JUST TO ILLUSTRATE other woods lore this great THE MASTER'S TOUCH by LeGrand Richards colonizer learned as a lad. by DoroJhy S. Hcckworth

Prepare yourself for a treat! Un $2.50 Fascinating, intimate, faithconditionally guaranteed to depromoting stories fill this

light you! Packed with fascinbook with hours of reading

ating true experiences... told pleasure. Gathered from

as only this powerful, enthusiastic the mission field, and from speaker can tell them. $3.25 private lives, these rich

spiritual experiences will inspire readers of all ages.

$3.50

WEIGHT OF AN ANGEL u IHi by Roy Lambert The Angel Moroni, one EDITION SPANISH OF THE STORY MORMON WH6HT ofial thepersonalitiesmost controverin HgSKJ "hristendom, is th by Rulon S. Howells

Of ft* object of this informc A unique, pictorial account of ive volume. Reveal Mormonism, translated into

lis life, calling, anc Spanish. A best seller in the

*?*** mission on earth English version, children are

plus his dramatic par fascinated, adults thrilled and in the Restoration. inspired by the hundreds of

$1. i*':- rare photos, paintings, etc,$2.25

jjJnJ* 3-SECTION SAVINGS BOOKCRAFT 1-62 11 South Main 86 Hit BANK $& City, Sait Utah Lake jjitSSIO* Children ea- 0*Q> Please send me the books circled below, for gerly save which f enclose my check ( ] or money order ( ) their money in this colorful 3- section bank.

Pictures help Name for mission, them save ling, and own needs. Teaches

thrift at early age. $1.00 AlHfi State

FEBRUARY 1962 79 A TOTAL ELECTRIC

THESE TIMES

0SSr VX

The Civil War Centennial A wonderful new way to live and Mr. Lincoln

BY DR. G. HOMER DURHAM

PRESIDENT, ARIZONA STATE UNIVERSITY, TEMPE

UTAH POWER & LIGHT CO.

Buy now from your dealer

With published pictures casting the lenging reminder of the requiresoft glow of romance around one of ments of popular government. Most

the greatest civil wars of history, it Americans can repeat portions of the may be well to remember three address. Few articulate the meaning

deep comfort major outcomes of that struggle. and symbolism of the graveyard at

and privacy—tion(1) Thewas Unionmaintained.under the(2)ConstituNegro Gettysburg."It is rather Lincolnfor us thesaid:living to be

in portable, slavery was abolished. (3) the ecohere dedicated to the great task renomic and social progress of the maining before us—that from these

individual seating South was arrested by devastation honored dead we take increased and military occupation for twelve devotion to that cause for which years (until 1877), while the rest of they gave the last full measure of rethe rapidly here highly country devotion—that began to move we

used chairs, portable HeywoodWakefield shall industrialization. solve that these Linnot have Mr. towards dead withwith or or three, or in units of two singly

out arms, are ideal for the house of worship coln had much to do with the first died in vain—that this nation, under

or auditorium. They provide coilspring comtwo results. His assassination at the God, shall have a new birth of freefort, privacy and dignity, stack in minimal age of fiftysix, April 15, 1865, predom—and that government of the

space, give troublefree service, and are low vented him from carrying forward people, by the people, for the peoin cost. Write today for free catalog showing the ideals expressed in his second ple, shall not perish from the earth."

the complete Heywood line. inaugural, March 4, 1865: We "the living,"as Lincoln said

"With malice toward none, with at Gettysburg, still have "unfinished charity for all, with firmness in the work"in the pursuit of Mr. Lincoln's

right as God gives us to see the right, ideals. With respect to the Constitulet us strive on to finish the work we tion and the Union, there is as much

are in, to bind up the nation's debate (however in other fields of wounds, to care for him who shall human activity) over the proper auhave borne the battle and for his thority of the national and state widow and his orphan, to do all governments as there was before which may achieve and cherish Mr. Lincoln and Mr. Douglas de-

a just and lasting peace among ourbated the issue. Lincoln held that

selves and with all nations."it was one nation, indivisible; that

Earlier, on the grim battlefield of a house divided cannot stand. DougGettysburg, November 19, 1863, las said at Alton, October 15, 1858

Lincoln urged his countrymen to see "in my opinion our government can in a vast military cemetery a chalendure forever, divided into free and

HEYWOODWAKEFIELD MENOMINEE, MICH.

80 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Now Baldwin offers four

mmsmm

New! Baldwin Model 12 Baldwin Model 10A Baldwin Model 5A Baldwin Model 46C

Designed to meet the highComprehensive organ A standard organ in every Threechannel amplification est artistic standards within adhering to A.G.O. specidetail with two complete system enclosed in console.

a practical range of size fications. Thirtytwo indemanuals and full 32note Two complete manuals.

and cost. Three manuals, pendent stops (including a pedalboard, plus 26 indeSwell to Great coupler, 23

60 independent stops. threerank mixture). pendent stops. independent stops.

Magnificent Baldwin Organs especially designed to satisfy the requirements of any church. Whether your musical responsibility—and budget—is cathedral size or chapel size,

Baldwin offers you an organ that will provide profound satisfaction in your church. Just as

important as the right organ for your church is proper installation. Baldwin, backed by experience

with more than 15,000 church organ installations, has prepared a brochure that answers the 80 most frequently asked questions. Use the coupon to send for it today.

Baldwin Piano Co., Dept. R-20, Cincinnati 2, Ohio

Please send me your free brochure, Practical Guide to Organ Installation.

Name—Church—Title Address BALDWIN PIANOS ORGANS City.. Zone. -State.

Check if also interested in specifications of

Model 1 2 D Model 1 0A D Model 5A Model 46C Spinets

FEBRUARY 1962 81 slave States as our fathers made it...."In 1857, the Supreme Court

had rendered the Dred Scott decision, supporting Mr. Douglas'theory

of the Union, that it was a creature of the States. In his first inaugural,

Lincoln said "The Union is much older than the Constitution"and was paramount to the States. In his

"House Divided"speech, June 17, 1858, he attacked the Dred Scott decision as political conspiracy and the "result of preconcert."The Dred

Scott decision was reversed by the election of 1860, the Civil War, and the 13th, 14th, and 15th amendments to the Constitution which followed the victory, at arms, of Mr.

Lincoln's theory of national supremacy. Today, a confused constitutional debate involving the

fourteenth amendment, its "equal protection"clause, education, possible extension of federal aid to local schools, the threat of socialism, internal security against comFROM (arnation munism,other issues,theboilUnitedand bubble.Nations, Someand

-A DIFFERENT HOT CEREAL! fear the national power. Some fear

the power of the states is inadecon- the to serve. Some fear quate100% nourishing golden wheat! New deeprich that makes provision stitutional

flavor! Wonderful new smoothness! treaties and the UN Charter part of

the "supreme law of the land."(ConArt. States, United of the stitution different in the There's new family enjoyment the role of the that fear Some Brings you VI.) Instant Wheat! hot cerealCarnation

affairs does in world flavor of golden whole deeprich true the 100% (arnation Constitution adfar enough, and not begin to go... in to wonderful cook that new tiny flakes wheat

smoothness in just three minutes! vocate federal union instead, among

backlook powers. A the NATO lowexclusive Carnation's toonourishment, KSTANT Best Gettysburg, towards in time ward all protein, active natural retains the process heat to challenge constant shows indeed, grain. golden the of whole minerals B-vitamins and

if governpopular living,"the "us! cereal, this soon family the with Surprise new

is people, the by government ment, Carnation. product quality from A

not to perish.

VISIT CARNATION EXHIBIT AT CENTURY 21 EXPOSITION SEATTLE WORLD'S FAIR / APRIL 21 TO OCTOBER 21, 1962 Brigham Young put it this way in an I860 discourse: "The signers of

the Declaration of Independence and the framers of the Constitution were inspired from on high to do that work. But was that which was

given them perfect, not admitting of

THE CENTER OF N. any addition whatever? No; for if

J men know anything, they must know (v CONVENIENCE, Aj - f. NEW AMERICA that the Almighty has never yet

COOetfb MOTEL found a man in mortality that was at initimation, at the first capable, ROOMSSHOP 320BEAUT*BEAUTIFULMAINSALONAT FIFTH BABBERSOUTH anything to receive first impulse the in a state of entire perfection. They

laid the foundation, and it was for after generations to rear the superstructure upon it. It is a progressive

salt lake city—acourses,gradualvol. work."7, p. 14.){Journal of Dis82 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

receive IN NOW—The Church Moves On

(Continued from page 78) My Book of Treasures

The appointment of Elder A. Hamer Reiser to membership of the general board

of the Deseret Sunday School Union was announced.

- South Cottonwood (Salt Lake Valley) Stake organized from portions of Cottonwood Stake with Elder James S. McCloy, former

second counselor in Cottonwood

Stake, as stake president and Elders

C. Shirley Reynolds and Ferris L.

Shaw as counselors. Brother C.

Garnett Player sustained as second counselor in Cottonwood Stake succeeding President McCloy. South

Cottonwood is the 345th stake of the

Church. It was organized under

the direction of Elder Mark E. Petersen of the Council of the Twelve

and Elder Milton R. Hunter of the

First Council of the Seventy. The

South Cottonwood area was "pioneered"in 1848 by a group of Saints 10. L.D.S. Reference from Mississippi. Encyclopedia

Leadership by Melvin R. Brooks

Sterling Sill by W. 11. Faith to Live By A $3.50

I 2. Vol. $3.50 E. by Petersen Mark CHOOSE YOUR First The II 3. Vol. Presidency an- $3.50

12. The Naked Communist $4.95 nounced the Stories appointment L.D.S. of of $3.95 Hymns FIRST BOOK 4. by Cleon Skousen

J. by Spencer Cornwall Elder Spencer Owen 13. Eternal Jacobs Quest $3.95 THESE FROM Doctrines of Salvation of Emmett, B. Idaho, by to Hugh Brown preside over R. Bruce by McConkie

14. a Bavarian new of Book Stories for I to Mormon Mission CLUB orCHOICE be 5. Vol. S3.50

Latterday Young Saints $3.25

II ganized 6. Vol. from parts $3.50 of the South SELECTIONS: by Marr Petersen Emma

Ill 7. Vol. $3.50 Mission.German President Jacobs, 15. The Myth Makers $3.50 8. Just to Illustrate $3.25 servingnow as president of Weiser by by LeGrand Nibley Richards Hugh

(Idaho) Stake, served in the Swiss- 9. Doctrine & Covenants 16. A Basic Course in

German Mission from to 1929 1932. Compendiumby Dr. Sidney B. Sperry$5.95 GenealogyGardner, Harland, & Smith$3.95 Mrs. Jacobs six of and their eleven

children will accompany him to the

Bavarian Mission with headquarters How to join do nothing... it will be sent to you postat Munich. Germany now has six Send your check or money order for your the book, return the post card always promissions and three stakes. first selection checked below. Your book, vided for an alternate (or none at all). Buy

plus your free "My Book of Treasures,"will as few as one book every three months to be sent postpaid. keep your membership active. With every

Each month, you will receive reviews of four books you accept, you receive a fifth "Faith in Action,"a Sabbathseveral fine books. To get the top book, you book of your choice free... a savings of

day radio program of the do nothing... it will be sent to you post 20%.

National Broadcasting Company presented to their listening audience a detailing program the Please enroll me as a member of the LDS BOOKS CLUB, INC. Enclosed is my check262oractivities of in Church the LDS

Hawaii. money order for $ for my first selection checked here.

1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 joining thisI willmonth.receive "My Book of Treasures"absolutely free Activities of the Church in ar forI understand

Brazil were highlighted on Name the "Faith in Action"radio program of the National BroadcastState.

ing Company.

LDS Books Club, Inc.

P. O. BOX 400 1188 SOUTH MAIN SALT LAKE CITY 10, UTAH

FEBRUARY 1962 TRIED AND to give it 1TED Advice—and how

RICHARD L. EVANS

'in all of relationpersonal is a point approach

. \"series of subjects, f/-r Thereships that could up a long open.%.. 3 '"v

the as that of things as is the well "how"and 1 THE

SPOKEN jiA iM!#il2. $l said. things things are are done, "what": how how WORD

Consider, for example, the giving and taking of difficult relationships of the advice, is one and most delicate which;>..-/*':i Jhn/iSn'ma

it is advice;"disliked is not said Leigh because of life. "Advice

Hunt, "but because so few people know how to give it."1 There

is none of us who has lived so long that he has no need to learn.

flllllS There is none of us who wouldn't profit by counsel and consultation, but how it is done; how it is given, how criticism is offered, the y spirit, the manner, the attitude, the kindly or the cutting quality—

the "how"of things is exceedingly important in all relationships::ti1 I'll M life. Franksensible said in Benjamin wellmeaning, men,""I wish (ip:::liuiu:;: jjg,'-> w Sfcwsia,m mf a((c,A,

: ''''Hi

: lin,:: of: doing | by a positive, good not lessen their power "would

assuming manner, that... tends to create opposition, and to defeat

every one of those purposes for which speech was given to us....

Please send free For,advancingif youyourwouldsentimentsinform, maya positiveprovokeandcontradictiondogmatical andmannerpreventin..."2 And then he added, "they that will not HOME STUDY a candid attention.

she hear reason counselled, If you cannot do not be helped. catalog to: be

counsels have will no effect": the knuckles."3 "Harsh rap you on

NAME. said another source, "they are like hammers which are always reADDRESS. pulsed by the anvil."4 We all need to seek and consider counsel.

CITY.STATE. Children need it; parents need it; everyone needs it; personally

to HOME STUDY and professionally, privately and publicly. We none of us know

BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY, PROVO.UTAH it all. We are none of us sufficient unto ourselves. Seeking and

considering counsel is a source of strength and safety, and there is no use letting pride or anger or irritation prevent us from acceptis continual of "Life for good. our course but one ing what is Sell famous Mason Candies. "s. instruction. others teach those and tell would But who

and in 4 to 75 days your group would well avoid the alienating, irritating attitude, and should can make $300 to $2500 counsel and correct with love and patience and persuasion. "A

sound head, an honest heart, and an humble spirit,"said Sir Walter

For complete information fill in and mail Scott, "are the three best guides through time and to eternity."6

us the coupon shown. If you decide to go And surely he who would advise others should give evidence of

ahead you don't risk a cent,—you pay nothall three.

ing in advance. We supply on consignment

your choice of THREE VARIETIES of famous 1Leigh Hunt, The Indicator.

Franklin, His Autobiography. extra charge At no Candy. Mason Franklin. each 2Ben]'amin'Benjamin

printed with package a band is wrapped Helvetius, French philosopher, 171571. Claude Adrien

Hill, English preacher, 17441833. 5Rovvland picture. with organization's your and name

Scott. Walter after sold the candy "Sir you have pay You

and return what you don't sell. Candy is "The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the

sold at less than regular retail price. You Columbia Broadcasting System, December 3, 1961. Copyright 1961.

make $12.00 on every 30 sales of our $1.00

box (66%% profit to you on cost). There's

no risk! You can't lose. Mail in coupon VALENTINE NOTATION

today for information about MASON'S

PROTECTED FUND RAISING DRIVES. BY L'NNIE FISHER ROBINSON

Your valentine of violets received,

Mr. George Rauich, Dept. IE-2 While junior yelled, "Where are my clean new socks?'

Mason, Box 549, Mineola, N. Y. And 1 stood by the counter beating cream.

Gentlemen: obligaPlease send me, without

tion, Raising I looked at them through the cellophane box; information on your Fund

Plan. 1 helped our youngest down from his highchair

Name And told our eldest how his drawer's arranged; You had only been gone to work an hour;

Age if under 21 Yet, when I turned to open them, things changed:

My hand shook on the ribbon I untied,

Address Their perfume wafted me to April in a wood—

Organization Our class was on a search for violets,

You gave me yours, you said, as lovers should;

Phone And all these years your violets mean spring,

Through rain or shine they wake my heart to sing.

City State..

Maton Candies, Inc., Mineola, L. I., N. Y.

84 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Start NOW to build your family's 1-year supply of Food and Water!

IT'S EASY AND ECONOMICAL WHEN YOU

FOLLOW THE PERMAPAK STORAGE PLAN

3. SAVES MONEY. At PerHere's What You Do

ma - Pak's low, bulk - quantity 1. Send in coupon below for the "PermaPak

costs, you can serve each meal Food Storage Catalog."

at an average cost of about 10 cents per person 2. Thengroupsordershownfromin eachthe ofPermaPakthe 8 basicCatalogfoodFOOD the 1-year quantities indicated. Gives you

Here's Why It's Wise to Buy Pay as little as $85.00 asatisfyvarietythe tofoodchoosepreferencesfrom in ofeachyourgroupfamily.to

PermaPak's LowMoisture and per family member for a

Concentrated Foods for Storage whole year's balanced food supply! 3. Choose the purchase plan that best fits

your budget:

1. get 3 You SPACE. SAVES Order. whole your Order 1-Year A—One... compactPERMA-PAK in the as food or 4 times much for of your supply whole food year's in foods storage, lowmoisture

(less for time at than family one $400 space, to storage compared same protectorcans with large 10 No. 1 shipbulk of 4). get You a family goods. canned lids. doublefriction tightseal costs. freight save on and ment

dieteticallyof a All the details CUTS SAVES FOOD

Va, Orders. Partof-Year Order various B—Several of the supply balanced Lowmoisture...ROTATION.2. of a year's supply month each V2 or Vb

fruits, dehydrated vegetables types of foods needed for proper or so over a period of several months.

and concentrated "instant"foods human nutrition have already 1"Orders. "Unit Order Monthly in the C—12 for you worked out cans been "protector"in PermaPak

2"first second month, "Unit month, STORwill last for many, FOOD PERMAPAK many years. Storso "Food on, on PermaPak's and Canned goods must be kept in AGE PLAN, (based upon U.S. age Unit of the Month"plan. At the

rotation much more often to Department of Agriculture recend of 12month's you'll have a balavoid spoilage. ommendations.) anced 1-year supply of storage foods.

possible emergency need for not be contaminated by nuclear pure drinking water, PermaPak fallout or bacteria. It is very

offers... at the lowest possible pleasing to the taste and will

price... this "aquapak"highkeep for many, many years unpurity water which comes from der normal storage conditions.

a deep well in the Rocky MounIdeal for camping, hiking, traWATER tains. To keep it pure, it has veling use as well as for emerPay only $2.99 per case of 24 cans been very specially processed by gency survival use. This is fresh,

... not aged -.. for your emergency supply a wellknown canning company newlypacked water

of pure, newlypacked water! under the most exacting scienwar surplus.

tific specifications laid down by "Aquapak"... speciallyone of the nation's leading can24 12fluid-oz. cans $2.99

processed, pure, tastepleasing, ning research laboratories. It

drinking water in hermetically meets Civil Defense requireShipping wt. 21 lbsShipped

sealed, radiationproof cans. ments. In its high - vacuum, "Freight Collect;'f.o.b., S.L.C.

As vital insurance against a sealed cans, this pure water canPrices subject to change without notice.

PERMAPAK, Inc., 40 E. Robert Ave., Salt Lake City, Utah To save on shipping costs... pool your order

Choice: Check

Please send me your "Food Storage Plan CATALOG."with Friends or your Church Group. Generous

Please send me your "Food Storage Itemof-theMonth"discounts offered to Church Groups, Wards & Stakes.

plan. details complete Please about send me I CAN HOW AVAILABLE! DEALERSHIPS BEIMPORTANT: DEALER. PERMAPAK A COME

If in interested exclusive are dealer you an becoming PermaPak details Dissend complete your Please about Group me Q in in line or Products our your area of Preparedness adding...

Projects. counts FundRaising and

retail this to indicate already items in the... please you coupon

12oz. cans) (24 cases Send of "AquaPak"

today! mail at left and

- - case $ per pure water $2.99 @

(I am enclosing check or money order.)

My Name

Address... PERMAPAK City Zone State. PIONEERS IN PREPAREDNESS PRODUCTS

PERMAPAK INC., 40 E. Robert Ave., Salt Lake City, Utah

FEBRUARY 1962 85

uu

THE EDITORS PAGE / PRESIDENT DAVID O. MCKAY

. Free Agency the

\/'; Next to the bestowal of love, that he is our Father and desires the happiness

setf, right to life tne eternal of his children. diand tI: t11 K e

1 1 1 tt t: is rrc ( life choose God's the Men may right or they may choose the v te>

greatest gift to man. One wrong; they may walk in darkness or they may walk

of the most urgent needs today is the preservation of in the light; and, mind you, God has not left his

individual liberty. Freedom of choice is more to be children without the light.

treasured than any possession earth can give. It is God is watching over the destiny of nations.

inherent in the spirit of man. It is a divine gift to Shakespeare said:

every normal being. Whether born in abject poverty "There's a divinity that shapes our ends,

or shackled at birth by inherited riches, evervone has Roughhew them how we will."

this most precious of all life's endowments—the gift ( Hamlet, Act v, sc. 2, line 10.

of free agency—man's inherited and inalienable right. We may "roughhew our ends,"as we choose our

Free agency is the impelling source of the soul's course, but God will overrule our acts and the acts of progress. It is the purpose of the Lord that man nations for the consummation of his divine purposes.

become like him. In order for man to achieve this With free agency there comes responsibility. If

it was necessary for the Creator first to make him man is to be rewarded for righteousness and punished free. "Personal liberty,"says BulwerLytton, "is for evil, then common justice demands that he be

the paramount essential to human dignity and given the power of independent action. A knowledge

human happiness."of good and evil is essential to man's progress on earth.

References in the scriptures show that this principle If he were coerced to do right at all times, or were of free agency is (1) essential to man's salvation; and helplessly enticed to commit sin, he would merit

(2) may become a measuring rod by which the actions neither a blessing for the first nor a punishment for of men, of organizations, and of nations may be judged. the second. Man's responsibility is correspondingly

I do not know that there was ever a time in the operative with his free agency. Actions in harmony

history of mankind when the evil one seemed so with divine law and the laws of nature will bring determined to strike at this fundamental virtue of happiness, and those in opposition to divine truth, free agency. misery. Man is responsible not only for every deed,

I am not one of those who see in the world catasbut also for every idle word and thought.

trophes the hand of God as their cause. I do not Freedom of the will and the responsibility assobelieve that God has caused the misery in the world ciated with it are fundamental aspects of Jesus'

today. I do believe that the conditions of the world teachings. Throughout his ministry he emphasized

today are a direct result—an inevitable result—of disthe worth of the individual and exemplified what is

obedience to God's laws. now expressed in modern revelation as "his work and

I believe that one of God's greatest attributes is his glory."(See Moses 1:39.) Only through the divine

Gift Divine

gift of soul freedom is such progress possible. the transgressions, and the sins of his wayward chilForce, on the other hand, emanates from Lucifer dren, but we cannot blame him for these any more

himself. Even in man's preexistent state, Satan than we can blame a father who might say to his son:

sought power to compel the human family to do his "There are two roads, my son, one leading to the will by suggesting that the free agency of man be right, one leading to the left. If you take the one to

inoperative. If his plan had been accepted, human the right, it will lead you to success and to happiness.

beings would have become mere puppets in the hands If you take the one to the left, it will bring upon you of a dictator, and the purpose of man's coming to misery and unhappiness and perhaps death, but you earth would have been frustrated. Satan's proposed choose which you will. You must choose; I will not

system of government, therefore, was rejected, and force either upon you."

the principle of free agency established in its place. The young man starts out and, seeing the allureThere is another responsibility correlated and even ments and the attractiveness of the road to the left

coexistent with free agency, which is too infrequently and, thinking it is a short cut to his happiness, he emphasized, and that is the effect not only of a perconcludes to take it. The father knows what will

son's actions, but also of his thoughts. Man radiates become of him; he knows that not far from that

what he is, and that radiation affects to a greater flowery path there is a mire hole into which the boy or less degree every person who comes within will fall; he knows that after he struggles out of the

that radiation. mire he will come to a slough into which he will

Force rules the world today. Individual freedom flounder. He sees others who have chosen that path in

is threatened by international rivalries and false that same slough, and he knows that in their struggles political ideals. Unwise legislation, too often prompted to get on dry land there will be fighting. He could

by political expediency, if enacted, will seductively see it long before the boy reached that condition, and undermine man's right of free agency, rob him of his he could, therefore, foretell it. The father loves the

rightful liberties, and make him but a cog in the boy just the same and will still continue to warn him crushing wheel of regimentation. and plead for him to return to the right path.

It is well ever to keep in mind the fact that the state God, too, has shown the world, through his prophets exists for the individual; not the individual for the in ages gone by, that many of his people, individuals

state. Any form of government that destroys or as well as nations, would choose the path that leads

undermines the free exercise of free agency is wrong. to misery and to death, and he foretold it, but the

Liberty becomes then license, and the man a transresponsibility is upon those who would not heed gressor. It is the function of the state to curtail the God's message, not upon God.

violator and to protect the violated. The power of choice is within you—the roads are

God is standing in the shadow of eternity it seems clearly marked. In making the choice, may God give

to me, deploring the inevitable results of the follies, you clearseeing, strong wills, courageous hearts!

QUESTION: "Our class recently discussed the ANSWER: Seneca (Lucius Annaeus) was a Roman

subject of obedience in all things, and in the course of writer and philosopher who lived in the first century the discussion these words of Seneca were considered: of the Christian era. It is unlikely that he ever saw

"'We are born subjects, and to obey God is perfect the Lord, but there is a tradition that he had some liberty. He that does this shall be free, safe, acquaintance with Paul and from him may have

and happy.'absorbed some gospel truth. Whether this is true or

"We disagreed with the phrase, 'perfect liberty.'We not cannot be definitely stated. This expression which

seek your advice on this question. How could there be is here called in question by members of the class is

perfect liberty if we are compelled to accept the same one of considerable importance. We have all been

view, and individuality and freedom of expression are taught the doctrine of personal free agency and that no denied? We ask you to answer in terms of Church individual is ever compelled by force or other means

philosophy. Is not this an interference with personal to comply with divine edicts and philosophy. We

freedom and the right of a person to express his own have been informed that a long time ago in the prethoughts on many subjects? Will you give us an existence there was a rebellion in heaven, and because

answer based in terms of gospel philosophy?"one notable character, who had been entrusted with

great authority, rebelled and led many away with him, he had to be cast out of the kingdom. However we

should remember that every principle and law existto celestial proved be in the has been ing kingdom YOUR QUESTION they have through the eternities perfect which through

ANSWERED BY come. If any individual proves himself worthy for the

JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH exaltation in that kingdom, it will be by strict obediPRESIDENT, COUNCIL. OF THE TWELVE

ence to every principle and covenant here existing.

Therefore we may be assured that every law and principle thereunto pertaining is perfect and cannot be amended or discarded because of its perfection.

However there is no reason to believe that under such conditions there could arise differences of judgment or opinion in relation to any principle or comIn obeying God, mandment, for everything has reached the stage of perfection.

We may well believe that since our Eternal Father has been building worlds, peopling them and having ispersonal them go on to perfection through countless ages, that every divine law and commandment has been so liberty thoroughlytime a conditiontested wherethat therean individualcould not whocome reachesat any the exaltation could discover wherein any principle or commandment could be discarded or in any way amended to improve the conditions of that kingdom. curtailed? One of the most glorious principles or truths ever

revealed to mortal man was given to the Prophet

Joseph Smith in Kirtland, Ohio, in May 1831. This

truth, for some reason which is difficult to explain, has been criticized by many who ought to know better, but it stamps Joseph Smith as a prophet and a

88 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA revelator who has made known to the world perhaps who reaches this exaltation will realize that there one of the greatest truths that was ever revealed. Yet could be no disharmonv, and when the inhabitants

the world will not receive it! Unfortunately many of that kingdom see clearly, and not "through a glass

who profess membership in the Church have quesdarkly,"there will arise no contention. Personal

tioned the validity of it. It is as follows: ambitions are due to mortal desires. In the kingdom

"And that which does not edify is not of God, and of God those who enter will have learned the great is darkness. lessons of humility, obedience, and divine love, for all

"That which is of God is light; and he that receiveth the weaknesses and ambitions of the flesh will have

light and continneth in God, receiveth more light; and perished with the grave.

that light groweth brighter and brighter until the The Savior's words in the Sermon on the Mount, perfect day."(D&C 50:2324. Italics added.) "Be ye therefore perfect, even as your Father which

There is another revelation similar to this, which is in heaven is perfect"(Matt. 5:48), evidently have

points to the time when all who find that divine light been by many misapplied or limited in their appliand truth will be exalted. It is as follows: cation. The Savior knew that mortal man could not

"The Spirit of truth is of God. I am the Spirit of reach the great goal of perfection like his Heavenly

truth, and John bore record of me, saying: He reFather, but here in mortality is the place where that

ceived a fulness of truth, yea, even of all truth. foundation should be laid. Then we should continue

"And no man receiveth a fulness unless he keepeth on from grace to grace, not only in this life but in the his commandments. eternities to come, and it is within the possibility of

"He that keepeth his commandments receiveth truth any faithful soul to eventually attain to that perfection.

and light, until he is glorified in truth and knoweth Again:

all things."(Ibid., 93:2628.) "Then said Jesus to those Jews who believed on him,

Here we are informed that those who are worthy If ye continue in my word, then are ye my disciples of the exaltation will be blessed in knowledge, wisindeed:

dom, truth, and light, so that they will, like our Lord, "And ye shall know the truth, and the truth shall eventually know all things and be bathed in light and make you free."(John 8:3132.)

truth. When this time comes there could not arise True freedom can come only through obedience to

any differences of opinion. There could be no ambidivine law. There is no compulsion in the kingdom

tious souls who would be dissatisfied, or who would of God. Wisdom, love of truth, and obedience make

wish to introduce any individual notions or wish to us free. The moment a person turns from the path of

change the laws by which all things in perfection are truth and observance of divine law, he becomes subgoverned. Since the joy of all who dwell there is ject to sin and a slave to sin. There is more truth in

perfect there could arise no occasion for a difference the words of James than many think:

of opinion or a conflict of ideas. The weakness and "For whosoever shall keep the whole law, and yet

imperfections of mortality will all be brushed aside, offend in one point, he is guilty of all."(James 2:10.)

and those who receive this exaltation will be bathed What is the true meaning of this remark? It is

in wisdom, light, and truth in their perfection. that only by obedience to the full law, can the

Should there arise a person or persons who wish to promised blessings come.

change the order, then the perfect order would cease The purpose of our mortal existence is that each to exist. Neither could any person or group disindividual may be tried and tested to see if, through

cover any principle or commandment that would the temptations, trials, and tribulations of mortality, need to be modified, for the eternal state of perfeche can maintain a faithful demeanor and prove himtion has been reached. True freedom can only come self worthy of the exaltation in the kingdom of God.

through obedience to divine law. This is true in this This is the goal we are seeking or should seek, and

mortal world; how much more so in the celestial it is this integrity and perseverence which brings the

kingdom. There is no compulsion there. Every soul fulness of life which Lehi has defined as joy.

FEBRUARY 19fi2 89 Picture of DeThmiJLeon Stapley (1) in his early childhoocfante style of dress and hiickdrop whicnWre used when htiviffg a picture taken. Elder Stapley

ivas the second of nine children.

90 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA BY SPENCER W. KIMBALL

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE Friday, December 11, 1896, was an eventful day. In land. It refused to grow crops and would only grow

Mesa, Arizona, a sweet young mother brought forth them if hard labor sent water from the lower levels of a child whose lusty cries were later changed into a the river to irrigate its rich soil. Arizona was truly in

clarion call and a voice of warning to the world. its pioneer stage, but today it is a changed empire,

The Church was growing. Wilford Woodruff was and in no small way has our brother, Delbert L.

President, and there were about forty stakes of Stapley, contributed towards its marvelous growth

Zion, largely in Utah. Proselyting was worldwide, and development.

and converts were migrating as they had done for Among Mesa's earlier inhabitants was the family more than half a century. Even from far away of Thomas Stapley, grandfather of Delbert L., who

Australia had come important people, some of whom went from England to Australia in 1838 as a boy, are concerned with this story. along with his father Charles Stapley, Elder Stapley's

This child came to the small, simple home of the greatgrandfather. They were among the first conOrley Seymour Stapley family—a child of promise, verts to the gospel after the Church mission was

wanted, loved, and welcomed—Delbert Leon! This established in Australia. The first meeting of the

house was a home in a deeper sense than most modern Saints in New South Wales, Australia, was held at mansions or luxurious palaces, for in it was a growing Sydney on Sunday, November 2, 1852, and it is likely family building a close harmony of faith and love. that Charles and Thomas and other Stapley converts

Mesa, named for the plateaulike nature of the area attended that meeting. It is interesting to note that

above the river valley, was on the fringe of the desert the descendant, Delbert Leon Stapley, was one of two

Morgan, Heiner, Spencer and left), (front Kanab Carlos Judd, the (picture on him baseball Stapley's love for 2) foundElder Elder left). (back Nev. Mesquite, L. Hardy, his Utah; and Leo with right), along row, far (front in Mesa team schoolhigh

in group. The the Arizona represented right) (back Stapley Later turned left). he down two, far (rowbrother, Lorel Aaron

an opportunity to play major league baseball. As a youth (3) future apostle served in the Southern States Mission. Following

he spent considerable time working in his fathers store prior his mission he married Ethel Davis on Jan. 17, 1918 (5).

to his mission call. Mission field companions (4) included

moved his family to Utah and after a time located at what is now Honeyville, which town he founded. It.

was here, to Abraham's son, Alexander Hunsaker and his wife Melissa Caroline Johnson, that Polly

May Hunsaker was born and spent her early childhood. With other members

of the family she went with her parents in a covered wagon to Snowflake, Arizona. Here her father,

Alexander, worked with the Indians for two years and then continued south with his family into the Mesa area where he later became bishop of the Alma Ward. The HunThe Orley Seymour and Polly May (Hunsaker) Stapley family sakers had reared this lovely girl worthy to be the

were well thought of in their Arizona community. For inspiration young Delbert (hack row, far left) had onh/ to look to his wife of the stalwart Orley and to be the mother of

father who was an outstanding Arizona merchant, state senator, nine splendid children, one to become an apostle.

counselor in the stake presidency, a trustee for the Normal

School at Tempe (now Arizona State University), and a leader She was reserved, quiet, meticulous, and orderly, in the erection of the Arizona temple. creating a home which afforded the progressive

atmosphere in which young Delbert and his brothers apostles to return to Sydney and organize the Sydney and sisters grew up.

Stake on March 27, 1960, the first stake in Australia When the second son Delbert came to the Stapley and the second in the South Pacific. home in Mesa, he came to a modest tworoomed brick

From Australia the Stapleys came to America. house to a young couple who wanted children, who

Charles Stapley and his English wife and their twelve loved the Lord, who were ambitious and industrious, children arrived in San Bernardino, California, in 1854, and two years later made their way to ToquerApostle Stapley s leadership abilities ivere evident as president ville, Utah. There Thomas fell in love with Mary of the Phoenix Stake. His counselors included David E. Hei/-

Ann Bliss, and they were married in the St. George woodMelvin (left),Johnson,presentlater presidentpatriarch ofof theEastPhoenixPhoenixStake,Stake,andnowR.

Temple. It was in Toquerville, April 28, 1872, that deceased. Marion L. Clawson (hack) was stake clerk.

their son Orley Seymour was born. In 1882, when he

was about ten years of age, the family moved to

Arizona where the parents and seven living children cultivated their fortyacre farm southwest of Mesa and took care of their cattle. This meant little formal

schooling for Orley Seymour and his brothers and sisters. This selfeducated man, however, became

one of the foremost merchants in Arizona—a leader in

reclamation, a trustee on school boards, including the Normal School at Tempe, a state senator, and a counselor in the Maricopa stake presidency which was given the responsibility for the erection of the

Arizona Temple.

Other forebears, Abraham Hunsaker and family, joined the Church in 1842 in Illinois. Abraham later

92 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA and who would proof Church leadership.

vide the background The Stapley boy was to grow up in a home of good and environment in training and in an atmosphere of culture and family which great souls affection. Regular family prayers were to develop

were to be nurtured. his faith. Chores and work were to develop responsiThe small home was bility. Individual prayers at his mother's knee, and

enlarged as children family planning and family gatherings were to tie continued to make him close to the family. Honesty and integrity of an

their appearance. exemplary father in business, church, and community

One room after anlife were to develop character in the boy.

other room was As he grew older, he entered into the games of added to the original youth—baseball, basketball, and later hunting, fishing,

structure until there and golfing. Of all of them, perhaps baseball was his

was a large home, favorite. Here there could be fudging and chiseling,

In 1918, twentyone, at age Elder capable of accombut this was a boy whose religion carried throughStapley the entered Marine Corps.

He was stationed at Mare Island modating the eleven seven days a week, who would rather be injured than in San Francisco Bay. members of the injure, who would rather be fouled than foul. His

family. brother Thyrle says of him, "In all his dealings with

The children, who all grew to maturity, filled the Church or business, not expediency but right responsible positions in business, community, and ruled his decisions. I remember particularly that he

Church activities. They were Orley Glenn, who was loved to play baseball and was invited to play on the

older than Delbert, and Lorel Aaron, Lynn Erwin, town team. This he agreed to do provided that he

LaRue Zelda (Hakes), Thyrle H., Zola May (Deshler), did not have to play on Sunday. So he played the

Cleo Melissa (Johnson), and Wayne Curtis. Of these, week days only, although pressure was brought on

Glenn, Lorel, LaRue, and Wayne have passed away him by many sportsmen of the town. He was offered

in recent years. a chance to play major league baseball but turned it

For Delbert there were the wholly dependent days down because he would have to play on Sunday. The

in his mother's arms; there were the barefoot days of Sabbath also ruled out for him on Sunday his loved

marbles and tops and kites; there were the growing sports, hunting, fishing, and golfing."

up days, including the youthful days of athletics and As a young man of twentythree years, the father, the beginnings of romance; there were the missionary Orley Stapley, has envisioned a business which would

days, the days of blossoming out into business, church, cement family relationships and provide for his exsocial, and community life, and then came the days pected numerous posterity and keep his family about him. This business in 1895 was known as the "Hunsaker and Stapley Hardware Company,"and ads wereBrother Stapley has been an active scouter for fortytwo years.

The BSA National Council has awarded him scouting s highest running in the Mesa Free Press such as this:

honor, the Silver Buffalo award. He is pictured below as a member of a selection committee for Eagle Scouts representing seven

councils. "Full line of wagons and

buggy material, stoves, tinware, celebrated blue flame oil stoves. Mining supplies

complete, terms strictly cash."

|P"W| or

"Nails at 4V2 cents per pound.

Wire and staples at the same old price."

The confidence people had in his father and the kind, solicitous interest he showed in their problems was certainly

ISHiS

*A \ |

inherited by the son. The father had filled a mission him in business. Delbert saw his benevolent father

in the Southern States in 1898, leaving his wife, two forgive debts of customers, give commodities to sons, and an unborn third one. He had sold the busiwidows, and assist those in distress. Thus, generosity

ness to his fatherin-law. was born in Del's life, and many are recipients

Delbert speaks of his own youthful experiences: thereof. He felt the deepseated love of a mother who

"Most of my early days at home were spent running was devoted to her family, and tenderness sprang up the ranch, milking the cows, and looking after the in his nature, kindness was inherited, and love for fruit orchard."At ten he remembers seeing the people became his consuming interest. This carried

disastrous fire which wiped out the Stapley business on into Delbert's later life, for today he is president in Mesa. There had been established a good credit of the family business, which is like a covering tent

rating, however, and so they were able to reestablish over the Stapley tribe. The family numbers about

the business immediately. The father expressed his 175, and his personal interest lies with each one. He

happiness that it was the business and not the home is exultant when the business prospers and when the that had burned. individual members are doing well. He is troubled

At fifteen Delbert began working in the business and anxious when problems are found in family by delivering commodities with a horsedrawn wagon. or business.

He was warehouse boy, handling heavy equipment Elder Stapley has been an active, consistent memand assembling machinery shipped from the factory. ber of scouting for fortytwo years. He was a charter

After his mission he began his sales work and later member of the Roosevelt Council and served in all became the manager of the store in Mesa. His older positions therein, including president of the Council

brother, Glenn, assumed leadership in the general for two years. The Silver Beaver and Silver Antelope

management of the entire business. Another store was were awarded him in 1934 and 1957 respectively. His

opened in Phoenix while Delbert was in the mission activities have reached into the regional field where field, and later stores were opened in Chandler, Glenhe served as vicechairman of Region 12 and national dale, and other towns until the total number of nine representative. On June 3, 1961, he was awarded the

stores was reached, with some 450 employees. So Silver Buffalo by the National Council, Boy Scouts of

Del grew up in the mercantile business which was to America, scouting's highest honor. "He possesses

give him long years of occupation and opportunity for those qualities which exemplify all the things we are expanding leadership. working for with boys in scouting"says George F.

The father's example was always before Delbert Miller, Scout Executive of the Roosevelt Council

Stapley. Orley Stapley had taken his sons in with at Phoenix.

Brother Staplei/s daughter, Phi/llis

Ruth, her husband, Reed F. Mack,

and their family, twin sons Mike and

David (1-r), Coralie, and Delbert (back), named for his grandfather.

Orley S. (below), the Stapley son.

He, like the rest of the Stapley family, lives in Arizona, residing in Phoenix.

IlllfJ

From the beginning, his church life was full and consistent. While most

of his friends found other things to do, he filled an honorable mission. His

brother said, "Of course, the biggest thing that happened to Del as a young man was his call to a mission for the Church when he was just eighteen."KenThe eldest daughter, Ethel Berdine, assists her husband Grant A. Farley in their hardware and gift

tucky was then in business in Yuma. Their son, Bruce, recently returned from the ScottishIrish Mission and is now

the Southern States Janice.attending Brigham Young University. Other members of the family are (l-r) Dianne, Leona, and

Mission. Delbert

tells of rare experiences. There was the time when entered his mission naive and young; he emerged

he had difficulty readying a young man for baptism. therefrom matured and inspired with an unwavering

Without success they retired for the night, and in testimony and determination to follow the lofty path, a dream he saw himself talking again to the young the high road.

man, then taking him to the river where he was I have known Delbert L. Stapley through the later

baptized. The next day the dream came true as he phases of his life. Having had similar experiences as

had seen it. a youth in the same demanding, hard country, I know

Into the back country of Kentucky he went—an the man.

immature boy. Out of the hills of Kentucky he came I asked others of his associates about his growing

two years later—a man with steadiness of soul and up days. One of his contemporaries in military life,

with high purpose in life to follow his own charting not a member of the Church, made this remark:

like a river follows its own selfhewn channel. He "Some of the Mormon boys who came to camp found

opportunity to relax the standards of their Church and jump over the traces, and some were real problems to their commanders, but not Del Stapley. Never

did any officer see Del compromise his standards. We

always knew where he stood."

:':p%>. Delbert was a good soldier, tall, erect, impressive.

He entered the Marine Corps in 1918 at twentyone years and after a few months of training had to return home on furlough because his wife, Ethel, was critically ill with influenza and double pneumonia.

When the Arizona National Guard was organized in 1924, Delbert was given the rank of captain and commanded a company of infantry. After nine years

of military experience he resigned his commission. At

that time he then held the rank of major and was a battalion commander. ( Continued on page 112

A recent photograph of Apostle Stapley and his beloved wife

Ethel. Both natives of Arizona, they have one son, two daughters, and eight grandchildren. Elder Stapley has been called

"Mr. MIA"by his associates who found him always thinking of

and planning for the youth of the Church. Other titles given

him are "Mr. Responsibility"and "Mr. Reliable."

FEBRUARY 1962 95

fr* oftike Ucermcat

LETTERTHE WENTWORTHBY PRESTON N1BLEY

ASSISTANT CHURCH HISTORIAN

Among the literary treasures which the Prophet While at Dartmouth he grew to a height well above

Joseph Smith left to the world is the document known six feet (six feet six inches, it is said) and became as "The Wentworth Letter."This letter was written known among the students as "Long John."

or dictated by the Prophet in January or February After his graduation in the spring of 1836, John 1842, and was published by him at Nauvoo, in the returned to his home in Sandwich and talked matters little Church magazine known as The Times and over with his father, pertaining to his future activities.

Seasons, under date of March 1, 1842. Between them it was decided that the young man

Students of our Church history have known of would do well to follow the advice later expressed by the Wentworth Letter and of its importance since Horace Greeley—"Go west young man and grow up

the time of its publication. In fact, parts of it, espewith the country."Therefore in the fall of 1836, with

cially the latter part, which includes "The Articles of bag and baggage, the tall young man from Sandwich

Faith,"have been published and republished countless set out for some western city, where he hoped to find times. But as for the editor of The Chicago Democrat, fame and fortune. On October 27th, he arrived in the

John Wentworth, who called forth this important small but growing city of Chicago. As nearly as we

descriptive writing from the Prophet Joseph Smith, can learn the city had about 4,170 population accordwe have known little, or nothing at all, until recently, ing to the census of March 4, 1837.

when a life of Wentworth, written by Professor Don Meeting a friend on the street whom he had known

E. Fehrenbacher of Stanford University was published. in New Hampshire, and who made him welcome,

From this book we learn that John Wentworth was young Wentworth decided to remain. Within

born on March 5, 1815, at a place called Sandwich, a month he had secured a position with a struggling

New Hampshire. His parents were Paul and Lydia weekly newspaper known as The Chicago Democrat.

Cogswell Wentworth. John was the eldest of nine The owner of the paper, Horatio Hill, had gone

children born to this worthy couple. east to raise money, and he placed Long John in

Apparently the father, Paul Wentworth, was anxcharge of the weekly until he could return. The

ious to have his son acquire an education, and the new manager went to work with a will and put in boy was sent to New Hampton Academy at the age of long hours trying to master his problems.

thirteen. Here he was drilled in Latin and Greek The panic of 1837 prevented Hill from raising

and obtained the rudiments of a classical education. money in the east, and when he returned to Chicago

After three years at New Hampton, he was sent to he offered to sell the paper to Wentworth. "Long

Dartmouth College where he continued his studies, John jumped at the chance to become editor and dimly aiming to someday study law and carve out proprietor in his own right, and arrangements were a career in politics. completed in July 1837."(The Chicago Giant, by

96 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Fehrenbacher, page 37.) By 1840 the industrious new letter by Wentworth was the most important act of

manager had paid off $2,800 of the indebtedness he his life, the one thing that will be remembered about had contracted and owned the paper outright. him when everything else has faded into the dim past.

From the beginning Wentworth showed that he In publishing a copy of his "sketch"in the Times was not only anxious to become a good newspaperand Seasons, the Prophet Joseph Smith lets us know man, but he still had a career in politics as his goal. in the first paragraph that it was written at the

The growing population of Chicago, and the northern request of John Wentworth.

counties of Illinois meant that more congressmen "At the request of Mr. John Wentworth, Editor and

would be chosen to represent the state in WashingProprietor of the Chicago Democrat, I have written ton. Wentworth told his friends that he was ambithe following sketch of the rise, progress, persecution

tious to become a member of Congress. and faith of the Latterday Saints, of which I have the

Of the year 1842 Fehrenbacher writes: "Although honor, under God, of being the founder. Air. Wenthe never made a formal announcement of his worth says that he wishes to furnish Mr. Bastow

candidacy, Wentworth had already begun to cam- [should be Barstow], a friend of his who is writing paign seriously for the potential new seat in Congress. a history of New Hampshire, with this document. As

He wrote letters by the score to influential Democrats Mr. Bastow has taken the proper steps to obtain corand spent many weeks of the year 1842 touring the rect information, all that I shall ask at his hands is

northern counties."(Idem.) that he publish the account entire, ungarnished, and

We do not know when or how Wentworth became without misrepresentation"(Times and Seasons, Vol.

acquainted with the Prophet Joseph Smith, or whether 3, p. 706.)

indeed he knew him personally or not; there is no Diligent search on our part has failed to uncover

mention of Joseph Smith and the Mormons in the any evidence that Mr. Barstow ever published the

entire volume. To John Wentworth, twentysix article in his history of New Hampshire or elsewhere.

years of age, it appears to have been a thing of no Had not the Prophet Joseph Smith published it in his special significance whatever, the writing of a letter little magazine, it might have been lost to the world.

to the Mormon Prophet; only an act to accommodate For the interest of the reader, we are publishing

a friend. But the ways of men are not the ways of a copy of the Wentworth Letter in full just as it

God. It may yet be proved that the writing of this appeared in Times and Seasons.

CHURCH HISTORY December, A. D. 1805. When ten could not be the author of so much

I determined to investiAt the request of Mr. John Wentyears old my parents removed to confusion

worth, Editor, and Proprietor of the Palmyra New York, where we regate the subject more fully, believ- "Chicago Democrat,"I have written sided about four years, and from ing that if God had a church it the following sketch of the rise, thence we removed to the town of would not be split up into factions, progress, persecution, and faith of Manchester. and that if he taught one society to

the LatterDay Saints, of which I My father was a farmer and worship one way, and administer in have the honor, under God, of being taught me the art of husbandry. one set of ordinances, he would not

the founder. Mr. Wentworth says, When about fourteen years of age I teach another principles which were

that he wishes to furnish Mr. Basbegan to reflect upon the importance diametrically opposed. Believing

tow, a friend of his, who is writing of being prepared for a future state, the word of God I had confidence the history of New Hampshire, with and upon enquiring the plan of salin the declaration of James; "If any

this document. As Mr. Bastow has vation I found that there was a great man lack wisdom let him ask of

taken the proper steps to obtain clash in religious sentiment; if I God who giveth to all men liberally

correct information all that I shall went to one society they referred me and upbraideth not and it shall be ask at his hands, is, that he publish to one plan, and another to another; given him,"I retired to a secret

the account entire, ungarnished, and each one pointing to his own parplace in a grove and began to call without misrepresentation. ticular creed as the summum bonum upon the Lord; while fervently en-

I was born in the town of Sharon of perfection: considering that all gaged in supplication my mind was

Windsor co., Vermont, on the 23d of could not be right, and that God (Continued on page 114)

FEBRUARY 1962 97 '!.'".'':''''.'"'- "'.-,'

"Look, Mom, aren't they just simply elegant!"Marcia balanced the needleslim heels over her slender wrist.

"But it's September, darling. Why

white shoes in the fall?"

"I'm nineteen, Mom, and I won't grow out of them. Besides, there * 1/

might be another wedding before spring. Saundra told all the bridesmaids to get white."

I glanced down at the box.

"Did Saundra tell all her bridesmaids to get them at The Parisian

Room, Fashion Square?"

Marcia turned the box quickly around. But I had already seen the

telltale sticker. They had cost

a week's wages.

"Don't look so beat, Mom. I paid

for them myself."

"Yes, I know, dear. That was

thoughtful of you. But I will have

to pay your bus fare and all the incidentals until your next pay check.

"Wouldn't some school shoes have been more practical? Didn't you say

vou needed some flats for the dorm?

You could have had four pair for the price of these."

"Two, Mother. I always need flats.

But Daddy11 come through. I've already told him I need two pair of

flats and one good pair of Sunday best—and some black heels for dates.

And this year I want some ankle

m: '.

jfipft**', ""*"S

'But I was afraid that someone might notice the irregularity the neoct day at school..,

so I repainted them with brown enatnehc."

boots for the Timp hike."thin slippers for Sunday you'd catch your death of

"I thought you had some saddle oxfords."croup. You know we can't afford two pairs of sho<

"Mother—1 wore those when we whitewashed for each child. You can have one pair of shoes for

the sy: "school, sensible ones, and you can black them on

"They were white buck elk—should wear for years."Saturday so they'll be nice for the Sabbath day.

"But they looked so freshman. Anyway, I gave Besides, slippers are a mark of vanity. They are

them to the Deseret Industries."frivolous and impractical. They are worldly, to say

She stepped into the magic slippers and struck the least."

a pose like the girl on the cover of Harper's Bazaar, Yes, I supposed slippers were worldly. Everybody

only prettier. in the world had them but me. And they all had

"I'm making my dress, and that will make up the white stockings for Sundays, and not always the difference. The bridesmaid patterns call for blue silk heavy ribbed ones, either. But Mamma didn't like

organza over skyblue slipper satin, with cummerwhite stockings. She said they reminded her of

bunds. It saves a lot when you can sew."death. Time for white stockings when you we

Yes, I was glad that she could sew. in your coffin.

"Anthony's Department Store is announcing its back- "Now, come on into the Golden Rule and we'll get toschool specials, dear. Ladies'shoes up to twelve a nice, sensible pair of shoes,"

dollars are on special for $5,88.""Do you suppose I could have button shoes then?"

"They're probably 'grandma's comforts.""Not if they have laced ones to fit. Elizabeth is

"The ad says College Shoppe."It also said new always dropping the button hook down the well; and

pointed toes and slim heels. But there was no use I'm just about out of big hairpins. Button shoes

to carry it further. Marcia had spent her money, and are a nuisance.

there wouldn't be any more until after the sale "Yes, Mr. Hoskins, we want a pair of high top

was over. laces—size twelve and a half, or one. No, Mr. Hoskins,

"Mom, haven't you ever had your heart set on a pair not the new fawn color. No, not the cloth tops with

of shoes? Don't you know what it is to see just, the the black patent bottoms. We want a good black

right pair? Haven't you ever cared about shoes, Mom?"leather. And give us some long black stockings, yes,

"Yes, darling, I've cared,"those sturdy ribbed ones—and a bottle of bla<

dve-n-shine,"

"Oh, Mamma, couldn't I have black patent leather slippers this time—with ivhite stockings? I'd be ever Right after we moved from the Wyoming rant

so careful with them and keep them just for Sunday."to Utah, Papa came down with influenza and double

"Then what would you wear to school? If you pneumonia together, and he was delirious and fevered,

wore your hightops all week and then changed to on the edge of the valley of the shadow, for many

BY ORA PATE STEWA1

FEBRUARY 1962 weeks. I was a freshman in high school and a full settled down against the door. Wet leaves from

year too young for my grade—but Mamma and I took last year's blow had strained the mud somewhat,

turns sitting up with him nights, giving him the allowing mostly just the water to go on through.

eucalyptus inhalants and the steam tents, fifteen minPapa pushed the slab door open, and it squished utes out of every hour, nothing failing. When the against the potatoes. There had been about two tons

pneumonia finally broke, it left his heart so weak put in there in the fall. But the ones nearest the door

and damaged that he had to stay in bed for several had frozen and thawed. You couldn't help stepping

months. I was a senior before we could leave him on them, and the ooze came up through my shoes.

for any length of time, day or night. When he began Once in a while one would burst under the ball of my

to get up some, we had to follow him wherever he foot. It was cold and wet, like applesauce. But the

chose to go. He would go out to get the mail, and smell was not like applesauce. There was an acrid

we'd find him face down in a snowdrift. Throughout bite to it. It was strong, like spices, only without the

those terrible years Mamma wove rugs, and we pleasant flavor. It was more like a taste, and it

children "peddled"them until she worked up a steady was bad.

clientele. Sometimes people sent us carpet rags in Sometimes I'd step on one that didn't squash. Then

exchange for weaving; and we would search through it was time to run my hands down into the cold,

the castoffs to find items we could cut down or make mushy slime. This might be one that people

over before we reduced the bundles to narrow strips would buy.

for rugs. During these years it was not uncommon to Papa and I worked all day to get three sacks.

have some child exclaim—"That skirt used to be "Wish we coulda kep'them spuds for another

mine. We're going to give you the blouse that goes month,"Papa said. "I've known people to pay two

with it next time we send the rags."Often they threw dollars for seed spuds."

in worn out or outgrown shoes with their carpet "Well, Jake,"Mamma consoled him, "in another rags. We became quite adept at mending them, and month you might not have got any. And that child

they were often very welcome finds. did need shoes."

When I was in my junior year an older sister who was teaching providentially sent me some new rose "Papa,"I said again, "the holes in my shoes are as taffeta and a pattern, and I made a beautiful dress.

big as dollars now."A bashful boy asked me to go with him to the prom.

"She's exaggeratin'again, Pa,"Johnny put in. "They We would have to walk the three miles to the high

was only as big as quarters last week. But she said school as the buses would not be running—and it

they was half dollars."posed quite a problem. I thought I had solved it by

"That child does need a pair of shoes, Jake,"cutting two sets of cardboards to put in my oxfordsMamma said. "There are no feet left in her stockings."one for the walk and one for the dance. But I forgot

I didn't get my exaggerating from Mamma. to cut a third set for the walk home. So I arrived

"I see where spuds are bringing a dollar a hundred."with my stockings worn through and the balls of my

Papa shuffled the paper to get a better grip. We feet bleeding. My triumph was that the boy

didn't take a paper. Annis Wardle had brought it never knew.

over to show Mamma the pattern for some pineapple # # # * # lace. Mamma drew it off for her and helped her Sometime after the prom—just long enough to

get started. undo completely any faith in the Cinderella myth—

"I don't suppose there's a hundred pounds in the a pair of honestto-goodness slippers arrived in the cellar all told,"Papa went on. "But we could go carpet rags. By some miraculous circumstance they

down and do some sortin'and see. How much is were exactly my size. They were not black patent—to

shoes for a kid that size?"this day I have never had the black patent ones—but

"Three dollars,"Mamma said. "But you'd better they were fawncolored suede sandals in a delightful

not mess around in that damp cellar."style, with heels and soles intact. Obviously, some

We had to go outside to get to the cellar, so we young girl had outgrown them—or maybe even died

put on old sweaters. The snow was almost gone, but and left them unworn. (It didn't occur to me until

the ground was wet and steamy. We walked down years afterward that some thoughtful, observing,

the plank that went over the dirt steps. The long generous person might have noticed my need and

winter had softened the steps, and much of them had divided her substance. My undying gratefulness

100 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA to such a friend.) They were almost new. I never "undyeing"it out pale again for day wear. But I had

did know where thev came from, because nobody to have black slippers. My shoes were brown oxfords,

ever claimed them. I wore them the rest of that but thev were nearlv done for, so I cut them down

school year and well into the summer. Then I was and painted them with black enamelac, tying the

suddenly taken with a ruptured appendix. (It had one improvised "strap"with a piece of grossgrain

been giving me chronic trouble for eight years.) I was ribbon on the top of my foot. They looked quite

rushed into the hospital and operated on at midnight convincing from the big stage. But I was afraid that

with all my clothes on, including my shoes. After someone might notice the irregularity the next day at

the surgery there were drain tubes and sponges, and school—so I repainted them with brown enamelac.

I was held for four weeks. When I was released to As the opera ran for two nights I had to give them a

go home I couldn't find my shoes. The nurse said third coat for the final performance. The problem

that Mamma had taken them home. The bishop came that I had not anticipated was that the enamelac did

after me in his Buick, and I was mortified because I not dry properly between coats, which made the had to go down the long steps in my stocking feet. shoes unusually sticky. So I had to walk with my

It was the day I turned sixteen. When I got home feet wide apart; and a lot of people noticed them who

Mamma said that Elizabeth had needed shoes—she'd would not otherwise have paid any attention.

always gone barefooted summers before. But now I washed eggs every night for a prosperous neighshe was twelve—and they weren't at all sure that I bor, and after six weeks he gave me three dollars. (It

would ever be needing them again—so Elizabeth had would have been six; but I had taken half of it out in

"got the good out of them."cracked eggs.) So for graduation I had shoes like the

Well, now there were two of us needing shoes. So other kids.

while I convalesced I made us each an innertube handbag—with innertube sandals to match. They #

made our feet look as if they had been boiled, and they didn't wear very long, because the carpet warp "Yes, darling, I suppose I've cared."

blanket stitching cut through the rubber. But believe "You don't think I'm too extravagant, do you, Mom?"

it or not, we almost started a fad. Several of my She gave me a sweet little kiss. Marcia is our affecfriends asked me to make them some innertube bags tionate one. No one could say Marcia was selfish.

and sandals to match. At fifty cents a set, with them Earlier in the summer she had bought shoes for her

furnishing the materials, I could make three dollars younger brothers. Their needs had come first.

a week. But the fad went out when school started. "They're not too expensive are they, Mom? They

It was strictly a summer item. only took a week's wages. You told me that you

once worked for six weeks for a pair of shoes."

"Yes, dear, I did."

"What were they like, Mom? Were they exciting?

We put on an opera in the spring of my senior year, Were they just elegant?"

and I had one of the supporting roles. The part "Yes, dear, they were. They were creamedcolored

was inconspicuous enough that I could get by with pumps with two inch heels. And they cost three

dyeing my pale crepe de chine a dark cerese, and whole dollars."

TO OUR MISSIONARY

BY EVELYN S. GRANT

Courage, my son, and don't forget Discouragement is always the devil's tool

That God is with you in every step But show him quickly that you are no fool.

You take for him in a righteous cause Get down on your knees in humble prayer;

Such as teaching his sacred and holy laws. God's encouraging Spirit will meet you there.

There are souls out there waiting to hear There are souls out there in the mist and fog

The message you carry of faith and prayer Who are waiting for you and your message from God;

Of a God who dwells in the heavens above For he has love for each child that he owns,

And rules the world with the spirit of love. And wants them back in his heavenly homes.

Forget all worries and earthly care, Be not discouraged, no matter how hard the way

And put your soul in the message you bear. But deliver the message God wants you to say.

FEBRUARY 1962 101 THE "NEW MORALITY"IN MOTION PICTURES AND TV BY VICTOR B. CLINE, PH.D.

CLINICAL PSYCHOLOGIST, UNIVERSITY OF UTAH movies and TV) exactly the opposite of what we want them to imitate. We are showing them men

"Our greatest concern with the onwho brutally attack others when angry. We show

people who murder because of hatred or expediency.

coming generation, I submit, relates We show that love is expressed only by hunger for to the perversion of young minds another's body. And we show them little else. We

through the mass media of movies havelove anddiscardedpity forthe thefinelyunmodulatedmodulated emotionsbrutalities likeof and television - the problem is only murder and crime. And all the while our children

are watching. We do not want to become so inured

beginning to receive the consideration to violence that we have no capacity to feel anything."

its seriousness calls for."In the September 1960 issue of the American Psychologist (the professional organ and publication of

Thus wrote the distinguished jurist and late chief the American Psychological Association) the comjustice of the Supreme Court of New Jersey, Arthur ments of a New York school psychologist Arthur Kleps

T. Vanderbilt. are quoted: "I happened to attend a matinee showing

A committee of one of the leading Christian reliof—(a certain motion picture) and the theatre was

gions in the US on November 29, 1960, in a formal crowded with children. Long Island parents should

declaration charged the motion picture industry with be made aware of the fact that this motion picture making a "bold and unprecedented departure from is... a macabre, clinically explicit, grotesque study

previously accepted moral standards for movies, of of a psychotic personality of the most extreme type wholesale and brazen violations of the Production and it is loaded with sadistic violence and sexual

Code, and of turning out pornographic and perverted associations. In my opinion the benefit they derived

subject matter, wantonly immoral, which debased from this experience, if any, could have been achieved and ridiculed matrimony, personal integrity, and equally well by going on a tour of the disturbed wards deadened human sensibilities by submerging them in of a mental institution or by listening to the ravings a broiling sea of brutality and violence."of an excited paranoid schizophrenic for two hours.

Of possibly greater interest, however, is the fact A somewhat disturbed or neurotic child of which that some eminent social scientists are also directing there are many, or even a normal child passing a critical gaze at what is occurring in the television through certain states of emotional development, and motion picture industries. Dr. Shane MacCarthy, could, in my opinion have been seriously upset by

recent director of President Eisenhower's Council on viewing this picture. There is a great deal of differYouth Fitness declared in an address on October 18, ence psychologically between the evil witch in

1960, in Salt Lake City, Utah, "While we sterilize our Sleeping Beauty and the nude, blood drenched body glasses, we allow our children to feast on filth. In of a real contemporary person. It is incredible to

motion pictures, TV, and pornographic literature, me... that a movie of this kind, containing as it does

there is a glorification of vice in which a guilded verthe most vivid portrayal of the most obscenely deviant sion of prostitution, sadism, or perversion is too often human behavior imaginable could go unremarked seen. In a recent week's TV survey there were 221 and be accepted as a suitable afternoon's entertainkillings, 192 attempted murders, numerous robberies ment for children."

and lynchings in the tableau of television violence."Of all the social scientists probably psychoanalyst

As one of the causes of delinquency Dr. MacCarthy Dr. Frederic Wertham has been the most formidable

blamed the pattern of heroes we put before ourselves critic of the current trend in motion pictures, TV, and and youth, and added, "You can test the strong fabric other mass media. In books such as Seduction of the

of a nation by its calibre of heroes."Innocent and magazine articles (the most significant

Dr. Margaret Mead, the distinguished American of which is, "How Movie and TV Violence Affects

social anthropologist, has stated (in a This Week Children"published in the February 1960 Ladies'magazine interview published November 20, 1960) Home Journal) he writes, "Through the subtle condithat, "What few people realize is how much our tioning (of movies, TV, etc.)... children learn to take

children learn about expressing themselves from TV, pride in force and violence and to feel ashamed of movies, radios and books. In our society we use mass ordinary sympathy."To parents who say, "Children

entertainments to instruct our children on how they who are loved and well brought up and emotionally should express their emotions and what values they well balanced will not be affected by screen violence,"should have. Yet we are showing our youngsters (in Dr. Wertham replies, "we flatter ourselves if we think

FEBRUARY 1962 103 our family life, education and entertainment are so certainty. Dr. Wertham has used the case in medicine

far above reproach that only the emotionally sick can where we still don't know all the answers about polio.

get into trouble. We like to assume that most chilWe don't know ahead of time which child will condren are 'immune'to influences such as screen tact it in an epidemic, and we don't know what the

violence—that they are naturally so resilient that they specific after effects will be in a certain child or how

cannot be affected. But my work with youthful the youngster will react to the virus once he gets it.

criminals and troubled children convinces me that no But we do know enough to protect all children.

such immunity exists. Harm is harm. A noxious agent In a scientific study by Blumer and Hauser of 620

is a noxious agent. There may be defenses against delinquents, ages fourteen to eighteen, they found

a snowball—but there are none against an avalanche. that a significant minority (23%) of the boys indicated

The theory that harm can come only to the predisthat movies they had seen had taught them techposed child leads to contradictory and irresponsible niques of crime. In the case of the delinquent girls,

attitudes on the part of the adult. Constructive pro25% said that their specific sexual delinquencies with

grams on TV are praised for giving children construcmen were the direct outcome of seeing erotic scenes tive ideas. At the same time (some) deny that in movies.

destructive (or perverse) scenes give children destrucJames V. Bennett, Director of the U.S. Bureau of

tive ideas."Prisons, recently declared that the modus operandi

Dr. Horace King, the eminent British educator and in an increasingly large number of crimes committed

member of the House of Commons, is quoted as sayby young offenders closely paralleled TV shows they ing, "The unhurtable and incorruptible child is had seen.

a mythical figure—are not children who are very Many parents have indicated increasing concern

sensitive also normal children? Are not children who about the possible deleterious influence of motion

are richly endowed with emotions normal? Or do we pictures and television upon their children but have

mean by the 'normal'child, just the 'tough'child? If felt quite helpless in knowing how to cope with this

we have neurotic children in our midst is it our busiproblem. It should be noted that in the case of moness to feed the neurosis or to check it? If we have tion pictures, eleven national organizations (such as

in our community potential sadists, is it our job to the P-TA, American Library Association, Protestant stimulate and encourage these cruel fantasies?"Motion Picture Council, etc.) have their individual

Dr. Wertham had the opportunity of conducting reviews of major movies summarized by the Film

intensive studies of a number of children who had Estimates Board of National Organizations in a monthcommitted acts of extreme violence. Some of these ly "Green Sheet."One may get his (or his organwere socalled "model children"and others were ization's) name placed on the free mailing list and

"thrill killers."He concluded that in every case the have copies of the "Green Sheet"sent to him by

visual mass media (movies, TV, etc.) played a signifiwriting to Mrs. Marie Hamilton, Film Estimates

cant contributing role to the tragedy. And while Board of National Organizations, 28 West 44th Street,

they were never the major cause, they did serve to New York 36, N.Y. They will thus have an opporadd fuel to the fire, or help, figuratively, to pull the tunity to get careful evaluations of current films. Untrigger on the violent act. fortunately in the case of many films, these reviews

He further stated, "Many socalled children's TV are published too late for practical use in deciding programs or movies available to children portray in whether some current films are suitable for family a half hour more violent excitement than the average viewing.

person experiences in a lifetime. Shows featuring In the case of television, parents may exercise

violence overly stimulate children and keep them judgment by personally viewing the programs for awake. Watching such a show may cause a child to suitability and to some extent regulate the TV "diet"

want to commit violent acts and even though no of their children. If, however, TV is used indiscrimviolent act is actually committed, the need to supinately as a "baby sitter,"it may turn out to be a very

press the urge may place a burden on his mind and dangerous and perverse one with serious long range set up a conflict which will interfere with sound sleep."consequences for the children.

Certain motion picture and TV producers have In the writer's work as a clinical psychologist, he answered critics with the statement that scientists has become acquainted firsthand with the adverse cannot with complete and mathematical exactness effects of some of the more recent motion pictures and certitude prove that movie and TV violence, produced in Hollywood. In one case, a young marsadism, and perversion are bad for children. In a cerried man saw a recent "shock and horror"picture

tain sense this is true. But in the social sciences there which produced a state of acute panic and intense

is almost nothing that can be proved with absolute anxiety within him. (Continued on page 105)

104 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA LEARNINGfrom experience—our own and others; from books and papers and lectures andlooking; from using the senses and considering and sorting—is one of the special

qualities of life.

"Learning is but an adjunct to ourself and where we are, learning likewise is."

—Shakespeare

In this issue:

The ways of learning, its values, its challenges, its rewards, its adventures.

Marion D. Hanks, Editor;

Elaine Cannon, Associate EditorERA OF YOUTH

February 1962

Kathy Nicolaysen

East Millcreek Stake Scott Anderson East Millcreek Stake

Live and Learn

Among the unique values which have brought the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints most favorable attention from interested observers is its attitude toward learning. Utah,

center of Mor"monism, ranks at the top of American states in educational effort and results, and in the production of leading men of science and of achievement. Other areas with large LDS

membership have had similar results.

What are the reasons for this record?

To members of the Church, acquiring knowledge and growing in intelligence are principles of religious faith and action. Consider what the

scriptures teach about these principles

LEARNING IS COMMANDED BY GOD AND IS PLEASING

TO HIM. "... study and learn,..."(D&C 90:15.)

"... seek ye out of the best books words of wisdom; seek learning,..."(Ibid., 88:118.)

"The glory of God is intelligence,..."(Ibid.,

93:36.)

KNOWLEDGE AND INTELLIGENCE ARE ESSENTIAL TO

SALVATION. "It is impossible for a man to be saved in ignorance."(Ibid., 131: 6.)

"Whatever principle of intelligence we attain unto in this life, it will rise with us in the resurrection.

"And if a person gains more knowledge and intelligence... than another, he will have so much

the advantage in the world to come."(Ibid.,

130:1819.)

Bob Harrington

East Millcreek Stake

The Lord has sternly warned against the egotism and arrogance, the foolish pride and rebelliousnessintelligence—"thethat sometimeslight of truth"—andaccompany learning.ivith humility,Acquiringis indispensableand applyingtoknowledgeour happinesswith

and exaltation.

"... the vainness, and the frailties, and the foolishness of men! When they are

learned they think they are wise, and they hearken not unto the counsel of God, for they set it aside, supposing they know of themselves, wherefore, their wisdom is foolishness and it profiteth them not. And they shall perish.

"But to be learned is good if they hearken unto the counsels of God."(2 Nephi 9:28, 29.)

"... it is my will that you should... obtain a the judgments which are on the land; and a knowlknowledge of history, and of countries, and of edge also of countries and of kingdoms "

kingdoms, of laws of God and man, and all this (Ibid,, 88:7778.)

for the salvation of Zion."{Ibid., 93:53.) "... become acquainted with all good books, and

with languages, tongues, and people."(Ibid.,

WIDE LEARNING IS A QUALIFICATION FOR SERVICE 90:15.)

TO THE LORD. "... obtain a knowledge of history, and... of

..."(Ibid., 93:53.) (In D&C 88: 7679 is given a glimpse of the wide laws of God and man,

scope of learning directed by the Lord—see LEARNING MAY BE GAINED THROUGH SEARCH,below—and then follows this explanation of STUDY, DILIGENCE, OBEDIENCE, AND THROUGH

purpose): FAITH AND PRAYER.

"That ye may be prepared in all things when I "... seek ye diligently... seek learning, even

shall send you again to magnify the calling whereby study and also by faith."(Ibid., 88:118.)

unto I have called you, and the mission with "... if a person gains more knowledge and

which I have commissioned you. intelligence in this life through his diligence and

"Behold, I sent you out to testify and warn the obedience... he will have so much the adpeople, and it becometh every man who hath been vantage...."(Ibid., 130:19.)

warned to warn his neighbor."(Ibid., 88:8081.)

IT MUST DEMONSTRATE ITS VALUE IN RIGHTTHINK-

LEARNING SHOULD BE BROAD AND DEEP, INCLUDING ING AND WELLDOING, IN MOTIVATING OBEDIENCE "ALL THINGS THAT PERTAIN UNTO THE KINGDOM TO THE COMMANDMENTS OF GOD.

OF GOD.""... to be learned is good if they hearken unto

"And I give unto you a commandment that you the counsels of God."(2 Nephi 9:29.)

shall teach one another the doctrine of the "... let every man learn his duty, and to act

kingdom. in the office in which he is appointed, in all

"... that you may be instructed more perfectly diligence."(D&C 107:99.)

in theory, in principle, in doctrine, in the law of the gospel, in all things that pertain unto the kingLEARNING IMPOSES AN OBLIGATION TO SHARE AND dom of God, that are expedient for you to SERVE.

understand "... teach one another according to the office

"Of things both in heaven and in the earth, and wherewith I have appointed you;... words of

under the earth; things which have been,... wisdom,... the doctrine of the kingdom."(Ibid.,

which are,... which must shortly come to pass; 38:23; 88:118; 88:77.)

things which are at home... which are abroad "... if you believe all these things see that ye

the wars and the perplexities of the nations, and do them."(Mosiah 4:10.)

It takes a lot of learning in aLEARNING

knowing Learning to speak And to bear witness Learning to study

Learning to compete for the fun of the game Learning to be socially life to round it out Learning to know people Learning to be worth

To search and to sift and to sum To evaluate and take unto oneself

sharp Learning to be creative, to think straight To make decisions

Pictured on this page are teens from the North Central States Mission enjoying the various activities of their annual youth conference. And

there's purpose in their participation—look what they're learning!

FABLE: Once upon a time there was a great shatteroo in the animal kingdom. Report cards

had been issued at school that day, and many of the creatures hadn't made the grade, gradewise. Naturally there was much moaning at the malt bar.

The bear, who was an absolute bear on any team, would now be bumped from the squad.

The drill mistress, who was really a deer, would be dismissed from the

Pep club.

The chattering chipmunk was now ineligible for intramural forensic meets.

And the lion would have to step down as King of the Girls'Preference Ball.

"This is a most lamentable state of affairs,"sighed the rabbit, who stuck her nose into most everyone's problem. "As president of the Girls'League, I'm of the

opinion that school activities will be strictly cold mush with no participants."

"Nobody around here gives a hoot about studying, that's all,"hooted the owl, sipping loudly on his Night Hawk's special.

"Studying,"they groaned, or growled, or grimaced, or roared, as the case may be. "We've been studying. It's just the teachers'fault."

"Piffle,"sniffled the rabbit, "we'll have to come up with a better reason than that or the P-TA will get into the act and turn this whole thing into a growth experience."

"Right. Quite right,"agreed the owl, polishing off the last of a caramel

cashew sundae. (He'd received his allowance that very day and was loaded,

moneywise.

BY ELAINE CANNON

"Let's conduct a survey study and see what the drag is,"said the rabbit.

"Under what conditions do you do homework, Bear?"

"I study with the stereo going full blast. It drowns out the noise of the

cub scouts around our cave,"explained the Bear.

"I study with my boy friend four nights each week, and he's really a dear,"said the Deer.

"I take my homework with me to church—for spiritual strength, you know,"

chattered the Chipmunk.

"I wait until it's quite late and quite quiet, and then I do my homework in bed,"said the Lion.

"So far, I'm unimpressed,"sniffled the rabbit. "The only way to settle this

problem, study habitwise, is to get an outside opinion."

"Let's ask the Fox how he studies. He's way out,"said the owl, licking his

beak over a Pine Parfait.

And so they did.

"My friends,"replied the Fox, "perhaps I am the wrong one to ask. Actually

I don't do anything that's very far out. I just fifd a quiet corner and go to work by

myself. But,"he added quietly, "I'm still eligible to edit the school paper."

MORAL: Run, don't walk to the nearest library.

T! mt

Left to right: Gil William*,. Kirk Williams.

Robin Williams. Bottom: Ta\ Williams.

Grandchihitdtt of Helen S. Williams, former

member $fcj&e Gefrtpul Presidency of the

YW MIA, and |reatgruntjchildren of Clarissa

Young Spencer who audied in this schoolroom of the. Beehive House as a child:

BY HELEN S. WILLIAMS

--i\Y\*V> ***'vuO kv> VEnrol

Education, recreation, and physical fitness cut new patterns in 1847 in Great Oo!

Salt Lake Valley. Here a new civilization was taking root. Trees, streams, crops,

flowers, and buildings began to transform the desolation of the vast desert into beauty. Youth knew the satisfaction of having contributed to their particular

time, and rejoiced. It was an age unique with wonderful opportunities for colt:

religious growth, for education, culture, and recreation. They responded to the

particular demands of their time.

i*ivin.

Formal education for the youth of a hundred years ago began in a oneroom school which housed all grades. The A B C's and up to the higher branches of

learning, mathematics, languages, history, and literature, were taught by one teacher. Little ones learned from charts. Teenagers used slates, pencils, and books.

On Friday, formal study gave way to debates, spelling bees, organ and instrumental solos, singing and reciting, or "speechifying."

Recreation and athletics played an important part in those early days. There

were crossbow practice, trapeze, parallel and horizontal bar exercising, fencing, broadsword combats, and training in ballet.

Home was the recreation center, and a porch, carriage house, or barn, was fitted up as a gymnasium or little theater. Shakespeare's plays and original plays were

produced. Costumes came from old, forgotten trunks or wardrobes. The productions, the debates, the forensics, provided fun and intellectual development.

The art of conversation thrived as the subjects of books, travel, missions, and schooling were discussed. Art studios were set up in attics, and oil and water

color painting was taught.

There were no telephone calls for dates in those days! A handwritten note

slipped into a pocket, or under a door, or wrapped around a small rock and tossed into an open window, would carry an invitation to a swimming party at Black

Rock Beach, a sleighride, or to a theater, or Social Hall Ball. Music for dances

would be furnished by a thirtypiece orchestra or by "fiddlers three."These invitations required mother's or father's approval before acceptance. "Whose son

is he?""Is he of our faith?""Who is to chaperone this picnic or beach party?"

were the customary inquiries of parents in those longago days, and if the answers did not satisfy the parents, many a tearyeyed girl would go to her room sobbing.

Teens of a hundred years ago toiled, loved, laughed, gossiped, worried, succeeded, failed, and made mistakes. There were strong, noble young people, and there

were weak, sorrowful young people. There was pathos; there was joy. Their age

was unique with wonderful opportunities for grappling with real, downto-earth problems. Their hearts and minds knew the eagerness and expectancy of meeting the demands of their day.

The new patterns made in 1847 by the youth of that day contributed to the upbuilding and progress of this western land.

'.'ffiPN

DAVE COWAN AMY ANN BARKER

As a recent convert to the Church of Learning of the European ways and practices

Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, I has been very educational to me. While attending

have had my eyes opened to how learnschool in Germany recently, I had a chance to ing new things, and learning better and observe the beneficial aspects of German systems truer things can change one's life. Up and at the same time teach German children

to this point education has always been American ways. Once I used a softball and bat

rather a drag, you might say. Only shipped across the ocean in the bottom of my

recently have I stumbled onto the vast trunk to teach the German youngsters softball.

wealth it holds. Another time I gave a talk, in German, about a

Education is what you make it—a usetypical day in an American school. The children

ful tool, or a painful drudgery. Too were eager to hear about America. Living there

many of us realize too late the value of with good people gave me a chance to share with a good education and of learning as them my knowledge of the Church and to have much about as many things as we can. the missionaries and other Saints call at the home.

Education is a commodity which can be I also learned a great deal about diligence in purchased only at the cost of hard work studying and dedication to one's life's work that and perseverance. Proper learning is I hope I'll never forget.

a factor in measuring success. It is a Observing the Church from the European point

factor in personal happiness, too, for of view was very faith promoting to me. If you

in education lie the keys to the future. study the Church this way or in any place in the

world you soon see that there is something great and powerful behind it, not just people.

Dave Cowan, 17 Amy Ann Barker, 14

Salt Lake City, Utah Washington, D.C.

"INTELLECTUALS"—"MODERNS"

It is a paradox that men will gladly devote time every day for many years to learn a science or art; yet will expect to win a knowledge of the gospel, which comprehends all sciences and arts,

through perfunctory glances at books or occasional listening to sermons. The gospel should be

studied more intensively than any school or college subject. They who pass opinion on the gospel

without having given it intimate and careful study are not lovers of truth, and their opinions are worthless.—John A. Widtsoe

EDUCATION

The end of all learning is to know God and out of that learning to love and imitate him.—Milton

To be learned is good if they hearken to the counsels of God. (2 Nephi 9:29.)

EDUCATION NEVER ENDING

Educate yourself not only for time but also for eternity; the latter of the two is more important. Therefore, when we shall have completed the studies of time and enter upon the commencement ceremonies of the great hereafter, we will find our work is not finished, but just

begun. We may then say with the poet,

Lay this aside, say not your work is done,

No need of love or goodness ever dies,

But in the lives of others multiplies,

Say it has just begun.—Joseph F. Smith

EDUCATION

I shall not cease learning while I live, nor when I arrive in the spirit world; but shall there

learn with greater facility; and when I again receive my body, I shall learn a thousand times

more in a thousand times less time; and then I do not mean to cease learning, but shall still

continue my researches.—Brigham Young

At that time I was having my religious battles. Was Mormonism what it pretended to be?

Did Joseph Smith tell the truth? I read, listened, compared, thought, prayed. It was a real

search for truth. Out of it in time came the certain knowledge that the restored gospel is true

and that Joseph Smith was indeed a prophet, and restorer of the simple true gospel of Jesus

Christ. There has never been any doubt about it since that time of deep study and prayer.

Whatever the work fate thrust upon me, I have cultivated the life of the spirit. Reading, thinking, reaching out for contact with the unseen world, whether of imagination or revelation, have

brought a change from the routine of life, and daily peace. I thank God that men have written books. One can live with the great ones through their writings.—John A. Widtsoe

EDUCATION—BEAUTY

It should be the highest end of education to give a man that culture which shall impell him to enjoy the beauty of the world.—Ruskin

The head truly enlightened will presently have a wonderful influence in purifying the heart; and

the heart really affected with goodness, will much conduce to the directing of the head.—Sprat

STEPS TO LEARNING "What one knows is, in youth, of little moment; they know enough who know—Henryhow to Adamslearn."

READ "Reading maketh a full man,"said a sage. And so it may, if you read widely and wisely and

well... out of the "best books."There are so many that are so marvelous. Read! Starting now

LISTEN

Ah! there's a rare exercise! The Lord said, "... let one speak at a time and let all listen...."

(D&C 88:122.) Don't be like the student who couldn't explain what he had just read aloud to a

class, because he "wasn't listening!"Open your ears, be still, and listen.

MARK Read (or listen) with a pencil in your hand. Annotate, ask questions in the margin, crossref-

erence, write a meaningful word. Put up some markers so that when you travel this way again

(you will, if the material is worth reading the first time!) you'll be familiar with the terrain.

THINK

Concentrate. Invest your full attention. Meditate, consider, relate, apply. Use your imagination to push out the borders of your understanding. Enjoy mulling the thought.

ORGANIZE

Read widely enough and think deeply enough to get a good understanding of the point or principle involved. If it's the scriptures you're studying, pursue the subject into all the standard

works. It can be a fascinating adventure.

THRESH, DIGEST Blow away the chaff; chew on the grain. Absorb its strength into your bloodstream. Use it,

! the joy! Learning and living,share it, live with it. This takes time—a lifetime, eternity—but oh

living and learning, eternally.

"The best gift in today's world is a love of the act of learning."

Laura Bringhurst

East Millcreek Stake (Continued from page 104) He became so upset logical impact on youth that at least some social by it that he could not sleep and exhibited a number scientists have shown considerable concern about the of somatic and physiological symptoms which ininteresting psychological changes that have been occreased in severity daily. It finally became necessary curring, especially in the content of Hollywood movies

for him to enter into brief psychotherapy. In several during the past five years. In every movie there is

other cases known to this writer at least one "hero"and/or "heroine."

persons who saw this motion picture This is the person the audience had to be treated medically with DELINQUENT? "identifies"with. This is the "nice

sedations, tranquilizers, and barbiguy"with whom members of the turates. These were all adults. One BY LINDA RAMERIZ audience vicariously live through

wonders what the effect on children tragedy and final triumph. The

in the paper and hear on tendency of older Hollywood andmust have been. In another inWe read

air the the hero to portray films was girl late teens in herstance a young killing and stealing and crime TV Of good, pure, or comnoble, as all inparticipated deviant besexual everywhere.

havior contrary to her personal We sigh, and we say as we notice the pletely "white"with very little values as well as religious upbringtrend shading or significant character ing (about which she felt most "Are they all rebels, have they no definition, while conversely the vilend?"

guilty) after witnessing certain But can we he sure, it's their faidt lain was all "black"or bad. In

highly erotic scenes in a recent moalone? other words, the distortion was in

tion picture. The viewing of the That maybe a part of it isn't our the direction of exaggerating the

movie appeared to have triggered own? good qualities of the hero and the

overpowering impulses which she Are we the guilty who place in their bad qualities of the villain. Howway

many things to lead them ever, the new trend, becominghad difficulty containing. Too

However, the mass media also astray? more and more evident, is to make

have a much more subtle and longToo much money to spend, too much the villain into a sympathetic charrange effect—and that is as the idle time acter or "hero"while in many cases

teacher of values and morals. This Too many movies of passion and the "good guy"of old is now frecrime,

was once thought to be the primary Too many children encouraged to quently portrayed unsympatheticalprovince of religious institutions. roam, ly—as stuffy, ludicrous, bigoted,

However, this is no longer true. The By too many parents who won't stay insensitive, etc. Thus when one goes

modern motion picture, television at home. to the movies now, he can vicariously

screen, and novel all teach with Kids don't make the movies. They "commit"a variety of antisocial

perverse acts and get away withgreat impact and influence through Theydon'tdon'twrite paintthe books.gay pictures of and

the method of the modernday gangsters and crooks. it, with readymade rationalizations.

parable. And it is here where young They don't make the liquor. They Thus psychopathy and perversion

people learn about how "real"men don't run the bars. triumph in the modern novel and

and women live and solve their They don't make the laws. They movie to the accompaniment of 101

don't the cars. make strings and muted sax, while gooddon'tproblems, face personal crises, etc. They peddle drugs that addle

This is where they learn attitudes the brain. ness is more and more frequently

about personal integrity, honesty, That's all done by older folk greedy rejected.

what a healthy marital relationship for gain. The religious teachings and

is, what a man or woman's responsiBu the law of the blameless parables that sixteenyear-old "Jane

Savior known, madebility in marriage is, how one copes The Smith. learns,.in, Sund-. -. School are-, is there us to cast the, among who

with and channels aggressive, sexual, first stone?"being contradicted and perverted

and other impulses. Young people For in so many cases it's sad, but it's bY the much more powerfully told

learn to become mature men and true parables seen on the drivein women through the process of idenThe title "Delinquent"- fits older "panoramavision"screen during her tification with significant adults in folk too. Friday night date.

their environment. These include The whole essence of over three

not only parents but also public thousand years of JudeoChristian "heroes"such as Washington and Lincoln, Albert moral and ethical teachings and the Ten CommandEinstein—and various popular motion picture idols, ments are frequently mocked and derided in many

crooners, and other glamorous entertainers. films she sees.

It is because the TV screen and motion picture The theater as a teacher of morals and values is industry have such a tremendous emotional and psychonot too unlike the (Continued on page 132)

FEBRUARY 1962 105 CHARACTER SKETCH OF James Lloyd

LINDA ANDREWS WfoodruffBY

"To know you is to love you"may be just a saying sion in which he felt he could serve God. He lived

but it is very true—we love the people we know. By in Sudbury, Massachusetts, and married Dorothy

doing genealogical research, our ancestors cease to Noyes. They had twelve children—Mary, John,

become just abstract forebears whose names have Joseph, Daniel, Rachel, Ruth—all Bible names. This

been forgotten; instead they become real people tells me they loved the people of the Bible and that

with personalities and problems, loves and sorrows. they also loved children. I can visualize my grandGenealogy is like reading a novel but much more mother washing and ironing for twelve children. She

exciting. It is like a treasure hunt, and every scrap must have been utterly selfless devoting her life to her

of information we glean is like a tiny piece of mosaic family—getting them all ready for church on Sunday

that helps to build a picture. The time they lived in morning, praying by the side of the bed when tragedy

history can tell us much about what they thought struck. Thomas Haynes "died of fever"; Joseph

and did, what clothes they wore, what books they Haynes "fell from a tree and was killed when he was read, what songs they sang, and even what food they 15 years old"—only bits of information, but it is the

ate. To show how the pieces fall into place take pigment with which I paint my picture of the sorrow

Deacon John Haynes my seventh greatgrandfather. in their lives.

He was born in England in 1621. Yes, through genealogy I have learned to love my

Worshiping God in. his own way was important father's people. I was reared on stories of my Utahenough to him to leave his country and familiar pioneer ancestors, therefore, I have always felt I know

surroundings to come to a strange land of uncertainty. them well. I love to sit in the Salt Lake Temple

It also shows he had courage. The word "deacon"and look into the eyes of my grandfather Wilford

in front of his name tells me that he chose a profesWoodruff. I have a longing to meet him, for I feel

106 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA so close to him, and I have a deep love for him. In sion. He did most of his practising before the day

doing genealogical and temple work I often feel the of psychiatry, but he had an insight into human spirits of my ancestors and sometimes I am sure they nature that told him to administer to the soul as well are not so far away. I am working for the day when as to the body. In some ways he was a typical country

I can do the temple work for one of my own family. doctor although he always practised in the city. He

I am sure that death will truly be like going home—loved his patients and was concerned with all of their

a family reunion. How marvelous it is that I am able problems. No effort was too much on his part. He

to know and love my family even before I meet would sit up all night with a sick child so the parents them. What a joyous homecoming it will be. could sleep; he would put on an apron and do the

Any pictures, or even pieces, I have been able to dishes for a tired, harassed mother; he would go

find are priceless possessions to me. I feel that when shopping with a dowdy, neurotic woman—changing

we help someone or some cause we gain an underher appearance and her spirit. He seldom sent a bill,

standing and a deep emotional attachment. Mormon and he seldom got paid. One, looking at his life as far

genealogy is a unique plan—it combines the person as financial gain was concerned, might say he was

and the cause. Our ancestors are responsible for giv- a failure. His patients knew his poetry as well as

ing us life—now we in turn have the opportunity to his pills, and often the poetry was written to the

do the work that will give them Hie—eternal life. patient—especially to the children. He delivered over

Think of their gratitude. No one but our Father in one thousand babies without losing a mother or a

heaven could have worked out a plan to link the past baby. He delivered all of his grandchildren. It never

with the present so effectively and to "turn the hearts became routine to him, and he said he never ceased of the children to the fathers and the hearts of the to thrill at the miracle of birth. When he was young

fathers to the children."an apostle advised him to study medicine. He said

My grandfather Dr. James Lloyd Woodruff was that "Umpa"had the power to heal in his hands. This

a humanitarian with the soul of a poet. He had very surely proved true, and he often used his hands to heal

pronounced characteristics. He was always kind and with prayer through the power of the priesthood

generous—always willing to walk the second mile. which he held.

He was never known to hold a grudge and was always He fulfilled a mission in Germany where he gained forgiving. He loved his fellow men, and his poem on an unshakeable testimony of the gospel of Jesus Christ.

prayer reveals his philosophy and his life proved to be He learned to love the German people, but most of the example. all he learned to rely on the Lord for he traveled

without purse or scrip. One time he and his comLet Deeds Be My Prayer panion had walked all day and had found no

hospitality either for food or lodging. There was

"Lord I would pray to thee in deeds, a cold rain, and his companion was having chills and

Not babbling words from thoughtless tongue; could not speak because of hoarseness. They walked

A blithesome song, a helping hand, until three in the morning and then from sheer exMy rosaiy on life's altar hung. haustion lay down in a small grove—but not before

kneeling in earnest prayer. In the morning they

''Lord! Lord!', means little at thy throne, awakened; the rain had stopped but the ground was

If I stand not here in thy place covered with frost. They did not feel cold although

To aid the weak and curb the strong; they had slept with nothing over them; they did not

Leading the erring back to grace. feel hungry. Instead they felt refreshed in mind and

body and most remarkable his companion was com- "Just let me smile when skies are dark, pletely better. "Umpa"wrote in his journal: "We

Help me to ease another's pain; bowed our knees in praise and thanksgiving and went

Let me be kind, and speak no ill! on our way rejoicing—our testimonies much stronger

Lord, let these prayers be not in vain."and our hearts much happier than if we had slept in

a good warm bed. For had that been the case it might

"Umpa"(as all his grandchildren called him) put have been attributed to the goodness of the people, woman on a pedestal and kept her there. He was but as it was, nothing short of the hand of God could

always gallant—he never met an older woman who have protected us from cold and sickness."

didn't feel fifteen years younger when he left. He "Umpa"held many offices in the Church—especially

never forgot all the little courtesies that went out teaching jobs. He was a high priest and served on

with the "when knighthood was in flower"era. the high council for many years.

"Umpa"was a physician and surgeon by profesMy grandfather was (Continued on page 120)

FEBRUARY 1962 107

CONDUCTED BY THE UNIFIED CHURCH SCHOOL SYSTEM

BY GLADE L. BURGON. INSTRUCTOR. PLEASANT GROVE SEMINARY

TheBookofMormon

k AND THE CHARGE THE PRODUCT OF ONE MAN OF MEDIOCRE ABILITY

To return to the analysis of rhetoric in the Book of

The material in the chart which Mormon, the following observations give evidence of appeared in the January Era more than one author:

applies to this month's instalPersonification.—The striking figure called "personment as well. ification"is a vivid embellishment which seems to

change a plain message into a panorama of action. In

personification, inanimate things are made to appearPART2 alive. The earth "groans"(1 Nephi 19:12), "the blood

While attending one of our western universities, the of the Saints cries unto the Lord."(Mormon 8:27.)

writer approached a professor of ancient civilization Nephi used this type of embellishment slightly more with the intention of having an intellectual discussion than the other writers but notice the fine quality of about Book of Mormon characteristics. Before the Jacob's figures: "... and the sobbings of their hearts

discussion could get underway, the professor said in ascend up to God...", "the hand of providence hath

substance, "We all know that Joseph Smith was exsmiled upon you...", and "... many hearts died,..."

tremely brilliant, but it is quite evident that he was a (Jacob 2:13; 2:35.)

great deceiver."I then asked if he had examined the The writings of Mormon were conspicuous with no

Book of Mormon and he replied, "No, I'm not interuse of personification in his discourses.

ested in it."This same pattern, of concluding before Parallelism.—The antithetical parallelisms of Moroni

examining, characterized most of the criticisms menexceeded the number of the other writers five to one.

tioned in Part I of this article. A majority of Book of An example of this type of parallel is:

Mormon criticisms are made with no facts and very "... ye do love money, and your substance, and

few observations to back them up. Such was found your fine apparel, and the adorning of your churches,

to be true, for example, in the criticism of the minister more than ye love the poor and the needy, the sick quoted at the first of this article: "... 'And it came and the afflicted."(Mormon 8:37.)

to pass,'occurred hundreds of times in the Book of Another of the big differences which typified the

Mormon, although the first and the last writers were style of Moroni was the abundant use of logical arguseparated by many centuries of time...."These ment. He used parallelisms to display it in this way:

words by the reverend minister inspired the author to "Wherefore, there must be faith; and if there must

keep a tabulation of "Behold"and "And it came to be faith there must also be hope; and if there must

pass."The results quickly indicated that the minister, be hope there must also be charity.

like so many other critics of the Book of Mormon spoke "And except ye have charity ye can in nowise be without having analyzed the book he was criticizing. saved in the kingdom of God; neither can ye be saved

The average frequency per 1,000 words of matein the kingdom of God if ye have not faith; neither

rial was: can ye if ye have no hope.

Behold: "And if ye have no hope ye must needs be in

Nephi Jacob Mormon Moroni despair; and despair cometh because of iniquity.

4 4 6 8 "And Christ truly said unto our fathers: If ye have

And it came to pass: faith ye can do all things which are expedient unto

Nephi Jacob Mormon Moroni me."(Moroni 10:2023.)

6 4 1 1 Rhetorical Question—The writings of Moroni were

108 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA also abundant in the use of questionanswer way of an additional difficulty presents itself—a complexity of

teaching, such as: sentence structure which makes a few sentences ex-

"... when ye shall be brought to stand before the tremely "bad English."In many of his long sentences,

Lamb of God—then will ye say that there is no God? the author of Nephi interjected a clause in the middle

"Then will ye longer deny the Christ, or can ye of another clause when (to our way of thinking) it behold the Lamb of God? Do ye suppose that ye should not have been there. Or, the author reversed

shall dwell with him under a consciousness of your this process and put a subordinate clause or phrase guilt? Do ye suppose that ye could be happy to dwell at the end of the sentence rather than by the word

with that holy Being, when your souls are racked with it was to modify. Here are some examples:

a consciousness of your guilt that ye have ever abused "And I, Nephi, said unto them: Behold they were

his laws?"(Moroni 9:2-3.) manifest unto the prophet by the voice of the Spirit;

The average use of the question type delivery per for by the Spirit are all things made known unto the 100 sentences was: prophets, which shall come upon the children of

Nephi Jacob Mormon Moroni men...."(1 Nephi 22:2.)

7.5 9.0 3.0 12.0 "And it came to pass that I, Nephi, did make a

bellows wherewith to blow the fire, of the skins of the writings of Exclamation.—Exclamation among

. beasts;.."(Ibid., 17:11.)the the very soulto echo Book of Mormon seemed

stirring emotions of the writers: "O all ye that are pure "But ye know that the Egyptians were drowned in

in heart, lift up your heads and receive the pleasing the Red Sea, who were the armies of the Pharaoh."

word of God, and feast upon his love...."(Jacob (Ibid., 17:27.)

3:2); "O the pain and the anguish of my soul for the Sudden change of thought (2 Nephi 26:4), a thought

loss of the slain of my people!"(2 Nephi 26:7.) started but never finished (1 Nephi 22:6), interjection

Slightly more exclamation was found in the works of of subordinate clauses at will (2 Nephi 25:20); and

Jacob compared with the others. other types of poor sentence structure, are typical of

Nephi Jacob Mormon Moroni the writings of Nephi. The beauty of these writings,

however, is preserved by the choice of figures, embell- 4 6 4 3

Dialogue.—A striking difference was noticed in the ishments, and the interesting subject matter.

Offhand it would seem that complexities in Nephiaverage use of dialogue (making the characters speak) per 100 verses. The writings of Nephi were are simply the faults of the translator. Glancing at

abundant in dialogue while it was practically lacking the writings of Mormon and Moroni, the reader does in the writings of Mormon: see an improvement which he should expect if he

figures that the translator's ability would improve Nephi Jacob 'Mormon Moroni with experience. But as soon as the reader leaves the

37 17 8 12 writings of Nephi and begins the writings of Jacob

Sentence Complexities.—Many times one has heard he is suddenly aware of a simple, short, clear sentence

the prospective Book of Mormon reader exclaim, "I style which is not duplicated in the other four sections.

have started the Book of Mormon several times, but I Not only are Jacob's sentences shorter and more clear never get past the first few chapters."We all recogbut another personal characteristic appears—the frenize that "Biblical"styled sentences are at first tedious quent reversal of subject and direct object: "Whereto follow but in the first pages of the Book of Mormon fore, a commandment (Continued on page 134)

FEBRUARY 1962 109 immm.

'/ rf""> I iTi—i I czr /\ r**\ c* r*>

HELP

The following is the address given by Elder Marion D. Hanks of

the First Council of the Seventy during the afternoon session of

MIA conference, Friday, June 9, 1961. President Hanks has been

the editor of the Era of Youth since its inception in July I960.

BY PRESIDENTIDESMARION D. HANKS

My dear Brothers and Sisters: and example.

I honor and commend you who are here this after- 3. The solid majority of this generation of youth is

noon for being here. You are associated in the most decent and honorable and anxious to do well.

important business in this world—the business of 4. They need help of a particular kind.

helping boys and girls to become wholesome, happy The problems of the young are extremely serious, men and women. It is my conviction that this is, in but they are not unique. They are not problems of

the eternal sense, the very objective and goal of God philosophical abstraction, but of purpose, of moral himself. We know well the scriptural affirmation viewpoint, of attitude, of goals, of character, and of

that it is the work and glory of God to "bring to pass conduct. These are the same problems which beset

the immortality and eternal life of man."adults, and the land in which we live, and our

I would like to read to you this morning some civilization. I am confident that young people will

words of Dr. Elton Trueblood, writing in the meet their challenges and do a better job of it than

scouting magazine: we have, if they get help. It is my faith that the

"The problem of our time is whether we shall be solid majority of wonderful young people will rise able to develop our resources before it is too late. if they are challenged, walk in wholesome paths if

This is a problem for youth more than anyone else. they are led, learn and possess integrity if they are

Anyone, therefore, who gives his nights and days to taught by precept and example, act courageously if the spiritual undergirding of America's youth is they are inspired, rise if they are called upon. But

struggling on the front line of the battle of they must be taught, educated in the true sensethe century."that is, educated not alone to letters and numbers

With all my heart I agree and believe that we are and statistics and theories, but in terms of worthwhile in a battle of immense significance. We are fighting objectives, wholesome conduct, responsible behavior,

for the souls of men, and our particular concern participating citizenship.

is the youth. How can we help them? There are many waysLet me mention several basic truths about youth: through the home, the community, the school, and

1. Youth has soberingly serious problems. the church.

2. Their problems are closely related to and We must begin by identifying the adversary if we

often the product of adult objectives, activities, hope to defend against (Continued on page 118)

FEBRUARY 1962 111

Delbert L. Stapley Through Thyrle's operations, and stimulate goodness, he should give

each of them an emergency, Del offense, he is equally anxious to ( Continued from page 95 would somehow manage to get to rectify it. I remember once when it

He is a prayerful man. I hear Phoenix without our knowledge of came to his attention that offense

him pray. His voice has in it a his arrival and would appear at the had been taken in something that

it in greattenderness, and as I listen I seem to moment when we needed him most. he said. He told me of

hear Peter saying, "For the eyes of I shall never forget one afternoon concern. He mentioned it for days,

the Lord are over the righteous, and during a very trying painful ordeal, and then made a long trip and his ears are open unto their prayers, after the surgeons had reported that reconciled and cleared up the misbut the face of the Lord is against the operation was not a successful understanding. "Blessed are the

them that do evil."(1 Peter 3:12.) one, and there was nothing more peacemakers: for they shall be

And then I know that this man, they could do. Looking out of the called the children of God."(Matt.

wholesome as a child, worthy as window I saw Del walking up the 5:9.) Elder Stapley is such. Not

a boy, faithful as a man, devoted steps of the hospital. What a suronly is he courageous enough to

his own difficulties, but inas a leader, has the ear of the Lord prise! We thought he was in Salt clear

when he prays. There are no wornLake City. As I watched him enter numerous occasions has he stepped

out phrases, triteness, or memorizathe hospital, the feeling came over in to help former friends become tion. When he prays, every word, me that this wonderful man was friends again, to help neighbors reevery phrase seems to have meanmuch like Peter, who hastened to turn to speaking terms, to encourage

ing. Every situation, condition, or Joppa, laid his big, healing hands on brethren to settle their difficulties

individual seems to have a special the head of Dorcas, and raised her and to help husbands and wives to place in his heart. Have you heard from the dead. As I listened to the return to mutual understanding and

compatibility. sweet presentday of our prayer fervent softens, there voice His pray?him

If in his surprise there any was all and doubt apostle, and worryis is talkin tones. his pleading He

it call to apostleship, perthe was relief blessed left and fear me. The toing seems with someone he whom far so haps he because was away that husband assurance would my into well acquainted, he be whom headquarters. from knew who Many I not over recover me. was came faith.has great confidence His and

it, all rather expected and him who several bit least days surprised the gratitude, are there speak butwords it his as virtues accepted someknew said, 'Mr. later the doctor whenrequests besides, are they though ability thing merited worthiand by a Stapley, miraculous have you hadnot favors for himself. rememHe ness. an he chosen was "When recovery.'ill,bers the the weak, the wronged, in great apostle our Church,"added is the that strange so not This leaders,the brethren. the Brimhall, a coworker, former Naomi dethe comforted, should be aged of think Brother Stapley we When that "you have thought every would ill well, the healed, made formed Isaiah think that been have mustwe in the adult stake youth and had their of turned erring the from way of likespeaking him. "Then men in selecting personal a him, hand brought dying unrighteousness, theshall light thy as forth break the of so they him."were proud

it life, infor the not to back wasmorning, thine shall health and his pretender,"wrote was "He no his of through Master, junction forthspring speedily: rightthy and brotherin-law, Davis. "His Alma M.

call in of to the elders the James, shalleousness thee; before go I his bond. never word have was

faith of the prayer Church, and call, shalt the "Then thou and his to question anyone honor known

Lord shall answer; thou shalt cry, should heal the sick? or integrity. He developed the

and he shall say, Here I am. When I see him standing straight talents and gifts with which he was

"... then shall thy light rise in and tall and firm, and when I hear blessed by using them in the service

obscurity, and thv darkness be as him contend for the right, I recall of his fellow men and the Master.

the noon day: what Blaine H. Alexander, a former To him the gospel is the way of life,

"And the Lord shall guide thee counselor in the Phoenix Stake presinot just a theological doctrine. He

continually, and satisfy thy soul in dency wrote: "His outstanding has the common touch, he has great

drought, and make fat thy bones: quality would be his concern for humility, always recognizing that

and thou shalt be like a watered people... giving due consideration the cause he represents is far greater

garden, and like a spring of water, to the importance of people, their than his own personal interests. Also

whose waters fail not."(Isaiah problems, their rights, their health he has the ability to inspire confi58:8-11.) and happiness, their peace and dence in others and to organize his

The sincerity and intensity and progress both here and in the eternitime and effort. He is dedicated

personality and faith of his prayers ties. He has lived and taught the and loyal."

undoubtedly account for the numerthings that make men free—attriHis brother, Thyrle, says of him,

ous people who have been healed butes which preserve the dignity and "His policy is that the end does by the Lord through the hands of justice, virtue, honor, and integrity, not justify the means. It must be

this, his servant. Such healings and which bring mankind closer to right."

would fill chapters. His sisterin-law, understanding the everlasting things His friends outside the Church are

Ruth, says of him: of life."legion. One of the numerous life-

"We believe in him, have faith in Brother Stapley is just; he wants long friends, Marian L. Chandler,

him much like the earlyday Saints no favoritism nor unfair advantage. praises highly Delbert Stapley's talwho put so much confidence in the He wants things to be right. If, in ents and thoughtfulness.

healing power of the Apostle Peter. his anxiety to correct errors and to "No one ever had a better coun112 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

.

selor,"wrote James R. Price now coliseum, the silent moving pictures, charming daughters with eight

Arizona Temple President and for the Chautauqua, and also to Church grandchildren praise, honor, and many years the stake president to functions. The interest of those love them both. Their son, Orley S.,

whom Delbert was counselor. "He days deepened into a romance which lives in Phoenix. His eldest daughwas a natural leader, a great orgained in intensity and sacredness ter, Berdine, and her husband Grant

ganizer, loved and followed by until their sealing in the Salt Lake A. Farley live in Yuma. Their eldest

youth. Young men fulfilled missions Temple on January 17, 1918 made child Bruce, after serving in the

because Brother Stapley filled a misit eternal. ScottishIrish Mission, is now atsion. They wanted to be like him."Brother Stapley is a greater man tending BYU; Janice is married to

Our brother is impressive, never because of Ethel. A devoted couple, Garv Alexander Greer, and Leona

boisterous, yet he loves a good story. Del and Ethel take pride and satisand Dianne are at home with their

He laughs sometimes, smiles often, faction in their children and grandparents. Elder and Sister Stapley's

and he beams with the pure joy of children, all of whom live in youngest daughter, Phyllis, married service and love, which is beneath Arizona. A loving son and two Reed F. Mack, and their home also

his smiling face. His smile seems to

emanate from a keen sense of pure joy and an inward feeling of satisfaction, coming from an under-??

of deep, immeasurable,standing "Advice is like snoweternal things. a realist. He He is

is practical. In him is no weariness

of body and of soul. He acknowlRICHARD L. EVANS

edges the presence of problems, faces them squarely, grapples with Last week we talked of giving and taking advice them with both hands, and like the and of the importance of how things are done, of earnest plowman, holds the plow in how things are said. Among the greatest needs

its proper path. One is not overly among men is communication, understanding,

conscious of any of Brother Stapley's getting through to people—not just words, but

great qualities for they stand out in meanings; not just sentences, but spirit; not just utterances, but

a complete whole, none predominatheart. So'many misunderstand—so many misunderstand motives:

ing. They are so well balanced that why they do what they do, why they say what they say, what they

one is impressed merely with the mean by what they say. And failure in giving effective counsel

bigness, the wellproportioned bigis frequently failure in communicating the real meanings and moness of this apostle of the Lord. tives. In the first place, advice usually implies that something is

There is complete symmetry. He wrong, that something should be changed, that something is being

intermingles a majestic greatness criticized. And "One of life's greatest paradoxes,"said Milton Sills,

that his to nearly everyone improve wants circumstances but humility unre- "is deepestwith and 1 hardly himself."anyone wants to improve As Samuel Johnsonlenting determination with sweet

gentleness. said it: "Advice is seldom welcome. Those who need it most, like

Like other great men, Brother it least."- But no one likes it if it is given in the wrong way. And

Stapley has been lifted to greatness so often words get in our way, for the same words don't always by an inspiring wife. Ethel Davis mean the same things to different people; not even sometimes in

was his childhood sweetheart. As the same household, not even sometimes between husband and

they went through four and a half wife, or between brothers, or between parents and children, or, years of school together, they beunder differing circumstances, not even the same to ourselves.

came fond of each other. They Furthermore, the pressures of life lead us often to give less than

carried on a correspondence through due attention to the subtleties and sensitivities of some situations, his mission days. It would not take and we often blunder with words, and walk roughshod over things

too vivid an imagination to close we should have approached with delicacy and deference. We need

one's eyes and see them walking to talk, to communicate, to understand, to know that what friends home together, Del leading the biand loved ones tell us is usually well intended. Children, youth,

cycle. It seemed quite important need to know this, and not resent counsel. By listening and heedthen that he carry her books home. ing, they could save themselves many heartaches. And in the

Ethel was a basketball player, also, how of things—the how of saying what clearly should be said—we

for in those days there were both would plead with parents to have understanding and patience. And

girls'and boys'teams. Their friendwe would plead with young people to listen, to consider, to accept;

ship ripened. The best horses and for even when advice isn't offered without irritation, it is the

buggies from Dan Hibbert's livery substance that counts, the truth, the intent. As to all of this,

stable were none too good for this Coleridge commented: "Advice is like snow; the softer it falls the

lovely Davis girl. Del's father, one longer it dwells upon, and the deeper it sinks into the mind."3

of the first to have an auto, was obliging, and Ethel was later "Samuel1 Milton Sills,Johnson.quoted by George Romney, U of U Baccalaureate Address, June 5, 1960.

courted in the auto. 3Samuel Taylor Coleridge.

Delbert took Ethel to the travel- "The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the ing troupe shows, to the open air Columbia Broadcasting System, December 10, 1961. Copyright 1961.

FEBRUARY 1962 113 is in Phoenix. Their eldest child is The Wentworth Letter yet greater than that with which

named Delbert for his grandfather. I was already surrounded. This mesThey also have a daughter, Coralie, (Continued from page 97) senger proclaimed himself to be an

and twin sons, David and Michael. taken away from the objects with angel of God sent to bring the joyElder Stapley had many titles. which I was surrounded, and I was ful tidings, that the covenant which

Dix W. Price said he was lovingly enwrapped in a heavenly vision and God made with ancient Israel was

called "Mr. MIA"by his associates saw two glorious personages who at hand to be fulfilled, that the

who found him always thinking of exactly resembled each other in feapreparatory work for the second and planning for the youth—the hope tures, and likeness, surrounded with coming of the Messiah was speedily

of Israel. "Mr. Responsibility,"he a brilliant light which eclipsed the to commence; that the time was at

was called by those of his fellow sun at noonday. They told me that hand for the gospel, in all its fulness

workers like Mabel P. Davis, a sisterall religious denominations were beto be preached in power, unto all

inlaw and coworker in MIA, who lieving in incorrect doctrines, and nations that a people might be presays, "I have always found him honthat none of them was acknowledged pared for the millennial reign.

est, kind, generous, and dependable. of God as his church and kingdom. I was informed that I was chosen

Young people respect, admire, and And I was expressly commanded to to be an instrument in the hands of honor him. His courage never "go not after them,"at the same God to bring about some of his

falters.""Mr. Reliable,"he was time receiving a promise that the purposes in this glorious dispensation.

called others. by

saw We this young man in the aboriginalI was alsoinhabitantsinformed concerningof this counthe strength and virility of youth; try, and shown who they were,yesterday he was a babytender,

a brief they came; and from whenceweedpuller, gardenplanter, yardorigin, their of progress, sketch

cleaner, cowmilker, landplower, civilization, laws, governments, of and violinplayer. Today we see their righteousness and iniquity, and

a torchbearer, a lamplighter,him finally of the blessings God being ofa man action, a man as a people from of progress, withdrawn thema man of peace. "And he lighted the was made known unto me: I was

lamps before the Lord."(Exodus also told where there was deposited

40:25.) some plates on which were engraven

He is truly a man with the glow an abridgement of the records of the of love in his heart; a man with vigor ancient prophets that had existed on

and purpose, faith and vision. this continent. The angel appeared

Elder Stapley has an unusual to me three times the same night combination of selfconfidence and and unfolded the same things. After

impressive humility. He moves with having received many visits from

sureness into the solution of the most the angels of God unfolding the knotty problems yet has withal an majesty, and glory of the events that outstanding simple dependence on should transpire in the last days, heavenly powers. His humility is on the morning of the 22d of September A. D. 1827, the angel of the

strength, not weakness as some Lord delivered the records into my might imply. His faith is a genuine hands.

dependence upon his Lord whom he These records were engraven on loves devotedly and knows intiplates which had the appearance of mately. "Blessed said are thev"the six inches each wide plate was John Wentworth, an engraving from by gold, "thatLord to doubting Thomas, have Thomas Doney in 1849 for the United inches not quite long and eight and

not seen States and yet have believed."Magazine and Democratic Review, tin. so thick were They as common Vol. XXIV, no. CXXX. 20:29.)(John in filled engravings, Egyptian with

He needs not thrust his fingers in fulness of the gospel should at some characters and bound together in the wounds assassins bored in palms future time be made known unto me. a volume, as the leaves of a book

and wrists and feet and side. He On the evening of the 21st of with three rings running through

knows it is his Lord. Unwavering September, A. D. 1823, while I was the whole. The volume was somefaith in things divine, his testimony's praying unto God, and endeavoring thing near six inches in thickness,

sure. He knows that through to exercise faith in the precious a part of which was sealed. The

God's prophets now come revelapromises of scripture, on a sudden characters on the unsealed part were tions pure. He follows with a loyal a light like that of day, only of a far small, and beautifully engraved.

heart the leaders of our day; he purer and more glorious appearance, The whole book exhibited many

knows as sure as Peter did the kingand brightness, burst into the room marks of antiquity in its construcdom's here to stay. indeed the first sight was as though tion and much skill in the art of enWe see him now in his sixties, the house was filled with consuming graving. With the records was

alert, vigorous, inspiring, strong and fire; the appearance produced a found a curious instrument which

with neither his strength diminished shock that affected the whole body; the ancients called "Urim and

"nor his natural force abated."in a moment a personage stood beThummim,"which consisted of two

(Deut. 34:7.) fore me surrounded with a glory transparent stones set in the rim of

114 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA X I I I I I I I f THIS IS A VERY BUSY HONEY BEE I t MAKING HONEY FOR NABISCO II I t SUGAR HONEY GRAHAMS I i I i And that's a job that takes lots I i of honey. Because so many I

i people eat so many Nabisco i Sugar Honey Grahams. Because

i they're the graham crackers i x made with pure country honey x and real graham flour. Extra

delicious and extra nutritious. X\ America's favorite between-'

meal cracker. Get them in the

economical 2-pound package..<

NATIONAL BISCUIT COMPANY

FEBRUARY 1962 115 a bow fastened to a breastplate. use of to get the plates away from November, and they had no other

Through the medium of the Urim me, but the power and blessing of covering but the canopy of heaven, and Thummim I translated the recGod attended me, and several bein this inclement season of the year;

ord by the gift, and power of God. gan to believe my testimony. this proceeding was winked at by

In this important and interesting On the 6th of April, 1830 the the government and although we book the history of ancient America "Church of Jesus Christ of Latterhad warrantee deeds for our land, is unfolded, from its first settleDay Saints,"was first organized in and had violated no law we could redress. co., obtain Ontario no of Manchester, the town that colony from by ament came

state few were York. 1 Some of New There were many sick, who were of at the Babel, confusionthe tower

of languages to the beginning of the called and ordained by the spirit of thus inhumanly driven from their prophesy, and began and this all to houses, endure and hadfifth era. the Christian century of We revelation,

as the spirit gave them to preach to seek they abuse and where homes that these recordsare informed by

America in ancient times has been utterance, and though weak, yet could be found. The result was,

inhabited by two distinct races of were they strengthened by the that a great many of them being people. The first were called power of God, and many were deprived of the comforts of life,

Jaredites and came directly from the brought to repentance, were imand the necessary attendances, died;

tower of Babel. The second race mersed in the water, and were filled many children were left orphans;

came directly from the City of Jeruwith the Holy Ghost by the laying wives, widows; and husbands

salem, about six hundred years beon of hands. They saw visions and widowers.—Our farms were taken

fore Christ. They were principally prophesied; devils were cast out and possession of by the mob, many

Israelites, of the descendants of the sick healed by the laying on of thousands of cattle, sheep, horses,

Joseph. The Jaredites were dehands. From that time the work and hogs, were taken and our housestroyed about the time that the rolled forth with astonishing rapidhold goods, store goods, and printIsraelites came from Jerusalem, who ity, and churches were soon formed ing press, and type were broken,

succeeded them in the inheritance in the states of New York, Pennsyltaken, or otherwise destroyed.

of the country. The principal nation vania, Ohio, Indiana, Illinois and Many of our brethren removed to

of the second race fell in battle toMissouri; in the last named state Clay where they continued until

wards the close of the fourth cen- a considerable settlement was 1836, three years; there was no viotury. The remnant are the Indians lence offered but there were threatthat now inhabit this country. This THE TELEPHONE RINGS. enings of violence. But in the summer

book also tells us that our Savior MY OFFSPRING SPRINGS of 1836, these threatnings began made his appearance upon this contiBY ANNA M. GASSER to assume a more serious form; from

nent after his resurrection, that he threats, public meetings were called, planted the gospel here in all its She doesn't hear so well resolutions were passed, vengeance fulness, and richness, and power, At the alarm clock's buzz, and destruction were threatened, and blessing; that they had apostles, But let the telephone and affairs again assumed a fearful

prophets, pastors, teachers and evanRing, only once, she does! attitude, Jackson county was suffigelists; the same order, the same cient precedent, and as the authoripriesthood, the same ordinances, formed in Jackson co.; numbers ties in that county did not interfere,

gifts, powers, and blessing, as was joined the church and we were inthey boasted that they would not enjoyed on the eastern continent, creasing rapidly; we made large purin this, which on application to the

that the people were cut off in conchases of land, our farms teemed authorities we found to be too true, sequence of their transgressions, with plenty, and peace and happiand after much violence, privation that the last of their prophets who ness was enjoyed in our domestic and loss of property we were again existed among them was comcircle and throughout our neighbordriven from our homes.

manded to write an abridgement of hood; but as we could not associate We next settled in Caldwell, and

their prophesies, history &c, and to with our neighbors who were many Davies counties, where we made hide it up in the earth, and that it of them of the basest of men and had large and extensive settlements, should come forth and be united fled from the face of civilized sothinking to free ourselves from the with the bible for the accomplishciety, to the frontier country to power of oppression, by settling in ment of the purposes of God in the escape the hand of justice, in their new counties, with very few inhabilast days. For a more particular midnight revels, their sabbath breaktants in them; but here we were not

account I would refer to the Book ing, horseracing, and gambling, they allowed to live in peace, but in 1838 of Mormon, which can be purchased commenced at first ridicule, then to we were again attacked by mobs;

at Nauvoo, or from any of our persecute, and finally an organized an exterminating order was issued travelling elders. mob assembled and burned our by Gov. Boggs, and under the sancAs soon as the news of this dishouses, tarred, and feathered, and tion of law an organized banditti

covery was made known, false rewhipped many of our brethren and ranged through the country, robbed ports, misrepresentation and slander finally drove them from their habitaus of our cattle, sheep, horses, hogs flew as on the wings of the wind in tions; who houseless, and homeless, &c, many of our people were murevery direction, the house was frecontrary to law, justice and humandered in cold blood, the chastity of

quently beset by mobs, and evil ity, had to wander on the bleak our women was violated, and we designing persons, several times I prairies till the children left the were forced to sign away our was shot at, and very narrowly tracks of their blood on the prairie; property at the point of the sword,

escaped, and every device was made this took place in the month of and after enduring every indignity

116 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Thayer D. Evans and the Evans Quartet practicing in the Sons of the Utah Pioneers'Museum.

Postum is the natural wholegrain drink that warms the heart

Have a cup of friendship... have a cup of Postum. So many /fcil8Trij'w "2

talented people do. Postum is made from wholegrain cereals,

slowroasted to bring out a rich, satisfying flavor. It's hearty,

healthful, hospitable.

Postum is 100% coffeefree, contains no caffein or other artificial stimulants. Ready in an instant, it's always welcome.

Make sure you always have Postum on hand. '": "

100% coffeefree Another fine product of General Foods

FEBRUARY 1962 117 that could be heaped upon us over five thousand joined the standbe renewed and receive its paraby an inhuman, ungodly band of ard of truth; there are numbers now dasaic glory.

marauders, from twelve to fifteen joining in every land. We claim the privilege of worthousand souls, men, women, and Our missionaries are going forth shipping Almighty God according to

children were driven from their own to different nations, and in Gerthe dictates of our conscience, and fire sides, and from lands that they many, Palestine, New Holland, the allow all men the same privilege let had warrantee deeds of, houseless, East Indies, and other places, the them worship how, where, or what friendless, and homeless (in the standard of truth has been erected: they may.

depth of winter,) to wander as exiles no unhallowed hand can stop the We believe in being subject to on the earth or to seek an asylum in work from progressing; persecutions kings, presidents, rulers, and magis-

a more genial clime, and among may rage, mobs may combine, trates, in obeying, honoring and a less barbarous people. armies may assemble, calumny may sustaining the law.

Many sickened and died, in consedefame, but the truth of God will We believe in being honest, true, quence of the cold, and hardships go forth boldly, nobly, and indechaste, benevolent, virtuous, and in they had to endure; many wives pendent till it has penetrated every doing good to all men; indeed we

were left widows, and children continent, visited every clime, swept may say that we follow the admoniorphans, and destitute. It would every country, and sounded in every tion of Paul "we believe all things

take more time than is allotted me ear, till the purposes of God shall we hope all things,"we have enhere to describe the injustice, the be accomplished and the great dured many things and hope to be wrongs, the murders, the bloodshed, Jehovah shall say the work is done. able to endure all things. If there

the theft, misery and woe that has We believe in God the Eternal is any thing virtuous, lovely, or of been caused by the barbarous, inFather, and in his son Jesus Christ, good report or praise worthy we human, and lawless, proceedings of and in the Holy Ghost. seek after these things. Respectthe state of Missouri. We believe that men will be punfully &c.

In the situation before alluded to ished for their own sins and not for Joseph Smith.

transgression. Illinois in in Adam's state of the arrivedwe error. is a typographical 1This The Church that through We believe in Fayette, organized County. Seneca the was found a hospitable1839, where we

clarify the further the "In to meaning, order of Christ atonement all mankind friendly a a peopeople home; and Article later to the Fourth words were added

to the saved by obedience be of may Faith: the first principles and ordinances governedple to be were willing who the of gospel. of the Gospel. ordinances laws and principles humanof law andby the

these"that ordinances believe Weity. to build have commenced We

1st, in are Faith the Lord Jesus calleda city "Nauvoo"in Hancock co., we number from six to eight Christ; 2d, Repentance; 3d, Baptism

of the remission for immersion by vast besides herethousand numbers Youth Leaders sins; for the on of hands 4th, Laying inin almost the county around and

gift of the (Continued Ghost. page 111) from Holy state. of theevery county have We that believe a must be man We city charter us a granteda and to of learn him. something need We called of "prophesy, and by by God for of troopscharter legion the a his his strength, his plans, and of laying those are on hands"by who 1500. havewhich number now We is attack. of essenThis an methods in the authority to gospel preach university, for foralso charter a an a tial in you, I warfare, remind and in the administer ordinances and soagricultural manufacturing and battle. in are a we thereof.

ciety, adlaws our have and own our identifying and adversary In in the organizabelieve same We allministrators, possess the and against defending doing are him we in the tion that existed primitiveprivileges free other that enand is is this necessary, not but what viz: apostles, prophets, church, citizens enjoy.lightened offensive. the take enough. must We teachers, pastors, evangelists &c.

the not has Persecution stopped of our own. make plans We must We of tongues, in the gift We believe of truth,progress has but only added organize programs, develop visions, revelation, healmust prophesy,

fuel to the flame, it has spread with ing, interpretation of tongues &c. our strategy, use every available

increasing rapidity, proud of the resource, and be willing to give our to bible believe the the be We they espousedcause have and which struggle. the

it is translated of far as as word God their ofconscious of innocence is and in this battle our adversary allWhoin correctly; the believe also Book we their of truththe system amidst for of the souls youth?

calumny and reproach have the of Mormon to be the word of God. 1. Any force, group, individual, or

elders of this church gone forth, and We believe all that God has reagency who would deliberately subplanted the gospel in almost every vealed, all that he does now reveal, vert the virtue, integrity, morals, or state in the Union; it has penetrated and we believe that he will yet physical, emotional, or spiritual

our cities, it has spread over our reveal many great and important strength of the young.

villages, and has caused thousands things pertaining to the kingdom 2. The actively indifferent who

of our intelligent, noble, and patriof God. know there is a problem, being alert

otic citizens to obey its divine We believe in the literal gathering enough to see and sense it, but who mandates, and be governed by its of Israel and in the restoration of do not care enough to do anything sacred truths. It has also spread the Ten Tribes. That Zion will be about it.

into England, Ireland, Scotland and built upon this continent. That 3. Those who do not know the

Wales: in the year of 1839 where a Christ will reign personally upon seriousness of the problem, or who

few of our missionaries were sent the earth, and that the earth will do but through futility (what can 7

118 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA do?) do nothing.

The first group is easy to identify.

They are out in the open. They

exalt sex and use it as a moneymaking device in movies, plays, recordings, books, in filth they send through the mail. They glamorize

and glorify and advertise tobacco and alcohol for money. Some of

them even peddle dope to unsuspecting young people. This adversary

works through public media to make it appear that violence and dishonor and infidelity—life on its lowest possible plane—are normal and not to

be worried about. They do this for

money, as they also subvert quiz shows and otherwise designingly sow seeds of iniquity in the land. They

lack decency or honor or sense.

The second group ordinarily doesn't produce the iniquity, but they are willing to profit from it and use it. They sell it, promote it,

protect it, and often defend it. They

sometimes prattle about censorship... rates a Bigelow on the floorand their rights as free men. What A title on the door

they are defending is their right to P. S. Now that you're a Captain of Industry, why not deck out your quarters with

undermine and destroy the souls of the quiet, comfort and distinction of Bigelow Carpets. Special designs, colors

young people. In this same category and textures available. Call any Bigelow district office or our Contract Dept.,

are those who patronize and partici140 Madison Avenue, New York, N. Y. People who know... buy BIGELOW.

pate in filthy things.

The third group, certainly the most numerous, shrug their shoulders and do nothing. They lack

initiative, faith, interest, or the willingness to accept the personal responsibility to join in the war. Theythink that one person can do nothing PACKmanship

or little and therefore they do noth- *The finest automotive service available! Found service your car with the finest automotive equiping or little. only at PACK Motor Company, Whittier's Valiant, ment available. Treat your car to PACKmanship

I repeat, the first group is easy to Plymouth,"Anyone whoChrysler,expectsand fastidiousImperial dealer.and particular themodelnext—timeespeciallyit needsValiant,servicePlymouth,—any makeChrysler,or

identify. Let me give you an care of his car can have PACKmanship. You'll and Imperial."

example of some who are in the class know what service really means the moment you WE ARE CONVENIENTLY LOCATED IN WHITTIER of the second group of our adverdrive into PACK'S Service Department where you'll TO SERVE L.D.S. MEMBERS THROUGHOUT ALL OF

saries, though they would be disbusinessbe greetedandby whofriendlyknowservicemenyour car."who know their SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA.

tressed perhaps to hear it said. There "Our fast, efficient, factorytrained mechanics

was a group of fine young people in a certain junior high school who were apprehended reading filthyliterature. Their principal, an upValiant

right, decent man, took them into his office and explained what was happening to them, and then traced the source of the material. The part

I do not like to tell you is that it was traced to two homes, and to two fathers who kept a stack of the stuff for private use downstairs by the furnace, or in their own dresser drawer. The kids had found it and

passed it around to their friends.

The third group are all about us. IMPERIAL

I hope none of us can be counted among them. To them and to us I

would say that it is time to recogPACK MOTOR COMPANY 850 E. Whittier Blvd. Whittier, California

OX 8-0411 RA 3-5179 Dean C. Pack, President

FEBRUAHY 19R2 119 nize that are in a war, a we holy war mons? Yes, Through example? and Character Sketch of for the souls of men. never There through helping discover them good Lloyd James Woodruff will never was and a literature. be greater I sat this thinking mornprize. recall As examples the maring of the marvelous lessons of the (Continued from page 107) velous youngsters have scripture—of whom we Naaman, who learned

seen represented in this building that in arrogance and selfsufficiency, today. Do you know the words of in being vexed and turning away, a great sportsman. He loved the

Theodore Roosevelt in this matter: there is no real satisfaction. He outdoors and was an enthusiastic

"Aggressive fighting for the right learned that through humility and hunter and fisherman. When he

is the noblest sport this world faith God's blessings are obtainable. was young he was a longdistance

affords."I thought of Paul and his bad runner and a skilled boxer. He

I believe that with all my heart. memories and his great devotion, respected his body, and when he

No satisfaction in my lifetime has, and of the lessons of his life. From was seventyfive he said that from

or in my judgment will, equal the the Book of Mormon there came a medical standpoint he had the satisfaction of loving and helping flooding in the marvelous accounts body of a man of fifty. He attributed

fine young men and women. of Ammon, son of a king and a great this to the clean, healthy life he had

What can we do? Well, there is missionary, who had turned away lived. In his patriarchal blessing he

much that can be done, much that his own kingly birthright to pursue was given the promise that if he we must do. For one thing, let us another greater call. He went as a lived faithful and true to the comrecognize and join forces with the missionary among the Lamanites mandments of God that he would

good people in other churches and and taught them the gospel in prehave health throughout his life and out of churches who are aligned cept and by the example of his that he would never have a broken with us, and march arm in arm with marvelous humility and willingness bone in his body. This promise was

them toward the objectives we share to do the unspectacular task. fulfilled until the day he was hurled

in fighting the adversaries of youth. I thought of Alma who wished that sixty feet by a car driven by a drunk.

One of these good folks with whom he had the voice of an angel and When he was examined, having we are allied in the battle recently could cry repentance, and then been killed instantly, his body was suggested three important measures recognized where the true battle bruised but he had not one broken to help the young: front lies when he said, "Why should bone—truly a testimony of his life.

1. More wholesome play and I desire more than to perform the "Umpa"was a short man about

exercise. work to which I have been called?"fivefeet eight. In features he had

2. Cultivation of good habits in In the Doctrine and Covenants redominant family characteristics. His

reading, music, and the arts. call the story of James Covill who resemblance to his grandfather Wil-

3. Active worship. covenanted to do anything God ford Woodruff was striking in his

Consider the opportunities in MIA wanted him to do, and then was later life. He never lost his hair.

and the Church for providing these called to a mission he thought was It was dark brown when he was important opportunities for youth! the wrong one. He quit and went young but turned almost white

But let me center for a final moback to his former friends and when he was older. He was slight

ment on the second of these three people. in build but looked bigger because

thoughts. These are stories, ideas and ideals, of his broad shoulders. His eyes

There is so much of sublime literanoble characters that youth need to were as blue as the desert sky.

ture available to us. Have you not know. Use the scriptures, use the "Umpa"had the soul of a poet.

been moved by the magnificent available literature. Don't wait anHe was sentimental, and his senses

reading of the sacred writ today? other day to get into your homes the were finely tuned to beauty and love.

I was. There is available to us the wholesome, affirmative, constructive, He was able to express himself in

most wonderful help in providing wonderful magazines that the vivid words—his vocabulary was

heroes, ideals, images, principles, Church has to offer. The Era of limited only by the fact that there

leadership of the most high and imYouth is one of a number. The Era were no more words in the Engportant caliber for our youth. I itself is a wellloved and traditional lish language. Words, words—they

have sat in this conference learning official organ of the Church. Get poured out of him like water from

and appreciating our blessings. I it. Read it. Use the Era of Youth a fountain fed by an artesian well.

thought of some lessons I would like with your own children. Use it in He spent most of his nights writing,

my children to learn, one of them MIA in the classes you teach, in the writing. He would not write for

being the lesson in the article Sister talks you give. Help us to help you popular appeal but just let the ideas

Bennett wrote for the Era of Youth to help our marvelous young people flow out of him. He never revised

where young persons were encourin the "battle of the century."his work—he said it came as inspiraaged to be dependable, to show up, God bless you and us to do the tion, and he could not change it.

to be there, to plan and perform best that we can, for there is no time He had many poems published but and produce, whether it be a specto waste, and there is no cause more received practically no financial tacular defense of the front line in important. In the name of Jesus gain from his writings. However,

the battle or logistics that have to go Christ. Amen. he always believed he would make

on in the rear. Young people need to his fortune and each time he wrote

learn to be there with the goods and an operetta or story he was sure that to come through. "The greatest asset of a nation is the end of the rainbow truly held

How can you teach the young? its children."a pot of gold. I am sure he spent

Through lessons? Through ser-—President David O. McKay more money mentally than most

120 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA men ever dream of, and he had fun doing it.

He loved children because they were part of the world of make believe. He was always telling the

grandchildren about the ranch he would buy for us and the horse and how we would go big game hunting in Africa.

He had a deep love for animals—

especially horses. All animals loved

him, for I think they sensed his inatekindness. SAYINGS ACCOUNT

I was with my grandfather theday before he was killed. He AT WESTERN SAVINGS

seemed to have a premonition of the shortness of time for he read me Save regularly for a vacation... college... added

poem after poem and would hardly conveniences for your home. It's the one certain way

let me leave. He gave me three of to have money when you need it. When you save at

his poems and pictures and journals. Western Savings, you get the very most for your money.The family wanted to have some of

his poems read at the funeral, but Savings received by the 20th of any month receive his death had been so sudden that full earnings from the 1st of that month.

there was no time to go through all of them. I handed Mother the Insured Safety to $10,000 by PER

poems he had given me, and of all the Federal Savings and Loan ANNUM 4V4%Compounded SemiAnnuallythe poems he had written these were Insurance Corporation—a

the appropriate. most had We two permanentUnited States agencyGovernment.of the ONIN EVERYANY AMOUNTACCOUNT read.of them "Umpa"would have

loved his funeral. One woman reUse this coupon to open your account today.

marked that it was not a funeral but a lovefest. Just before the funeral WESTERN SAVINGS

was to begin a brother came up to SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH 45 East 1st South, us and asked if he could speak. We Enclosed is my check money order for $

didn't know him, but we said yes. Please open a savings account in the name of:

He had been in the German mission Name.

with my grandfather, and he related some of the choice experiences they (if a joint account put second name here) had had together.

"Umpa"loved life—I am sure God

could not have given him a greater gift. He lived life to its fullest,sucking from each drop the fulness w

thereof. But I feel he was ready to Home45 EastOffice1st South,

go, for he was lonely—one of the Salt Lake City 1, Utah

poems he had given me was written Cottonwood4989 HighlandOffice.Drive,

to my grandmother who had alSalt Lake City 1 1, Utah ready gone. N.E.PortlandSandyOffice,Boulevard at 43rd,

Portland 1 3, Oregon Your Song

"Night, and the dawn so distant

Night, and the way so long 11 n

Night, and the stars all hidden;Night? No, I hear your song: BURNED OUT

REALLY MEANS BURNED OUT TODAY "Singing a note of gladness, Singing love's paean clear, A fire may mean you are out of a place to live,

Singing though worlds divide us, with tremendous added expense before you find

Singing that you are near. another.

Let us explain your need for ample insurance"Sad is the day and lonely;

Sad, when all things rejoice, to cover today's higher values.

Sad with the ache of silence, Sad? No, I hear your voice."UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY

HEBER J. GRANT & CO., General Agents, Salt Lake City

FEBRUARY 1962 121 THE WORK OF THE MELCHIZ- -r liesQuorumuiwou cuiiinintmpresidencies are the active, directing heads

EDEK QUORUM PRESIDENCY of the1. quorum.Supervise,Amongcontrol,otherandthingsdirect theyall quorumare to: business and activities.

2. Appoint and direct the labors of all quorum

A Short Training Course committees.3. Coordinate the work on all quorum projects.

4. Appoint, counsel, and direct the labors of all

The members of the presidency of the quorum have group leaders.

been chosen and set apart. They face many class5. instructionAssure themselvesis given inthateachadequategroup. and orthodox

responsibilities. Chief of these is the personal knowl- 6. Teach quorum members to perform gospel ordiedge of each one that on him and his wisdom, thought, nances.

initiative, and action will depend the success of the quorum. Principles and their application, which

should be of help in this great enterprise, are herein To accomplish these objectives quorum leaders described. Their continued application will result should organize their work in such a way as to

in success if applied consistently. accomplish two goals.

Let us remind ourselves of the objectives of 1. To bring inactive men into activity.

the quorum. 2. To give a maximum amount of fraternal

association.

These are best brought about by the use of standing committees through which the presidency operate their accomplish Quorum To mission, quorums the quorum. Without these committees the presiobjectives: four primary Objectives have

dency do most of the work, and the members are 1. To promote gospel scholarship by teaching the

doctrines of the gospel. largely idle.

2. To provide opportunities for church service.

3. To care for the temporal, intellectual, and

spiritual welfare of all quorum members and their families. How to operate a quorum through committees.

4. To provide adequate fellowship and fraternalism through socials, athletics, and the like, for all

quorum members.

Quorum To aid in the management and operaCommittees tion of quorums, quorum presidencies

And the responsibilities of the presidency of the assigned labors.shouldFor appointconveniencecommitteesand efficiencyto performof

quorum: administration, these committees should be asked to

serve in the following general fields:

Personal Welfare.

Church Service.

Responsibilities Quorum presidencies are responsible Fact Finding and Reporting.

of Quorum for the temporal and spiritual wellbe- Special task committees may be appointed as the

Presidencies ing of all over whom they preside. They need directs.

are to lead their quorum members to eternal life in the celestial kingdom. In pursuing this

course, presidencies are obligated to labor with zeal, devotion, and energy; to conform to the Church program in all things; to keep the commandments themStep 1.

selves; to teach by precept and example; to use tact, It is understood that the presidency of the quorum

discretion, particularly and wisdom, in working with will be the committee chairmen, thus: less active brethren; to take counsel and and direction

from the stake presidency and stake Melchizedek

Priesthood committee. Quorum President Personal Welfare

(Continued next column) A Counselor Church Service

A Counselor Fact Finding and Reporting

122 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

At the weekly meeting of the presidency make matter how many times he lias refused to work before three lists of names from the roster of the quorum, now, each day he may have repented, so even if he has

In order to do this you will need, for reference: refused 70 times (or 70 times 70) you still must ask

1. The quorum roster—The quorum activity cards, him to accept an assignment the 71st time—then the

brought up to date, form the best roster. onus of refusal is on him—where it belongs.

2. The roll books for the past six months.

3. The names of those working by assignment in Step 2. Guiding Principle.

the ward and stake (not including ward teachers). Men work best together. Fraternal association is

Using these as a guide make up three lists, each begun when two men are working together on on a separate sheet. a project. It increases in proportion to the number of

additional men added. This is why you do your work

committees—they are the means to bring through

List 1 men together. List 2 UnassignedList 3 assigned Those Unassigned

to work in the men who atmen who do ward and stake. tend the weekly not attend and

( Do not list group meetings. do not appear 1. At the presidency meeting give each counselor

ward teachers. willing. a sheet of paper. Keep one for yourself. At the top

of your sheet write Personal Welfare Committee. You

The men on list No. 1 are active and working. Why are its chairman. Your counselors will write the name

then spend valuable time giving them more to do? If of their committees, according to which one is asthey do well in their present assignments, they will signed, and each will be the chairman of his commithave little further time. Your time is precious, too, so tee. The sheets will look like this:

spend it where it counts.

2. likely It is List that the No. on this list men WelPersonal Finding Service Fact Church farewill in and Reporting will mainstays respond your and become Counselor or

, Counselor Chairman, activity.quorum Quorum.-., Pres.ChairChairman

List No. 3. The men on this list will require your man

constant and devoted attention. Here you will need

to spend the majority of your time and effort. Now take list No. 3 (mentioned in step 1) and

(Your purpose will now be to create conditions so choose names to be on these committees. These are

that the men listed on sheet three may be listed on in addition to the group leaders, who should always sheet two, and finally on sheet one. The successful be included. Choose some from list No. 2. Don't be

accomplishment of this purpose will be your reward afraid to use more than three. Seven or eight would

and your satisfaction. You can see that your lists be more like it. These are the men who do not

must be constantly revised each week.) normally work—they are inactive—at least, they are

not now working. When you have this done you

A Principle to Remember are ready for some action.

For the next few nights you as a presidency (all 1. Men do not generally work at assignments unless three) call on these men. Explain to them that you

they are asked. For a long time we have had the prinwant their help in planning and advising on quorum

ciple that a man does not seek an office, he is called affairs, and ask them to accept membership on the to it; therefore, most of us wait to be asked. If you do committee assigned. Some will refuse, but some will

not ask the inactive men to work, they may never work. accept. But all those you have asked have had an

2. Another point. The member alone can make the opportunity to serve. To the extent that you asked

decision as to whether or not he will accept an assignyou are successful. Your purpose this time is to

ment. If you assume that he will not accept and then invite them to a specific assignment. You do not fail

don't ask him, it is you who are to blame. If you sit in with those who refused. And you had a few accept.

a presidency meeting and, consider him, then say, This will take several evenings of visiting.

"He wont work,"you rob him of his agency. It doesn't (Continued on page 130)

FEBRUARY 1962 123 iwiPRIS

Bishop J. Leonard Harman closed interview with Kent Evans.

INTERVIEWING BOYS CONTINUED FROM LAST MONTHS ISSUE

The bishop's interview presents an ideal opportunity him it is important enough to discuss it with you.

to teach a young man regarding his priesthood duties, Tell him the power of the priesthood which you hold tithing, habit of prayer, and the Word of Wisdom. is to help him in his personal problems.

It also provides an ideal opportunity to teach him Remember that in conducting a successful interthe sacredness of moral cleanliness. Here we sound view the bishop should encourage the young man to

a note of caution and request that you gear any disdo the talking—the bishop is to become the listener.

cussions of sex according to the age and comprehenLearn the art of good listening, thus giving each sion level of the young man you are interviewing. To young man a chance to express his feelings and

be more specific, the interview with a young deacon always give him an opportunity to qualify his anregarding morality should not go beyond such genswers. All of this requires the bishop to retain control

eral questions as, "Are you doing anything that you of the interview without being domineering. Ask

would be ashamed to tell your mother about?"Here questions which will result in discussion answers and

is an opportune time to stress the importance of not a simple "yes"or "no"reply. Lead the discusavoiding vulgarity and profanity, but be extremely sion, but let the boy do most of the talking without

careful not to suggest practices that will tend to letting him run away with the interview. Get all of

arouse curiosity. the facts; and as you close the interview, be cognizant

Should he be a priest and his development has of his casual remarks as he is preparing to leave. These

been normal, this is an opportunity to teach him that remarks may give you the real information you need.

sex transgression is second only to the shedding of Since boisterous, loud voices create a breach, making innocent blood, also that any form of sex perversion the young man feel inferior and inhibiting his expresis a sin and undesirable in the eyes of the Lord. Tell sion, speak in soft, low tones as you conduct the

him he must be clean and pure to receive the blessings interview. These suggestions are equally applicable

of temple marriage and missionary service. In conwhen interviewing girls.

cluding any interview invite each young man to feel The following is a list of various items where pofree to come to you any time to discuss any problem tential problems may exist and become a source of he may have. Assure him that if it is important to great concern to a young man. Proper counseling

124 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA and interviewing by the bishop should help to correct IV. Others:

deficiencies or involvements without scarring a boy's (a) Future education and selection of vocation love for the gospel. (b) Standards and principles of the Church

I. Social Difficulties: (Word of Wisdom, tithing, meeting attend-

(a) Being accepted by the group ance ) (b) Gossiping (c) Military service ( c ) Temper (d) Science and religion (d) Standards of conduct (e) Athletics (e) Lack selfconfidence (f) Temple marriage (f) Attitude (g) Mission (g) Dating or going steady (h) Melchizedek Priesthood

II. Family Difficulties: Analyze your success after each interview and ask

(a) Parents yourself where you can improve. List your answers.

(b) Brothers and sisters With all of your concentrated activities, provide (c) Security sufficient time to keep in tune with the Lord. You

(d) Lack of cooperation will always be successful if you are guided by the

Holy Ghost. Live to have this guidance. Peter of

III. Finance Difficulties: old, you remember, went up on the roof while food

(a) Lack of money was being prepared and prayed. Do not neglect to

(b) Too much money develop a spiritual life. It is all too easy to become

( c ) Working hours so involved with the (Continued on page 134)

WARD TEACHING SUPPLEMENT MARCH

FELLOWSHIPING NEW MEMBERS Most of us at some time in our lives have moved When a person has been baptized and confirmed, into new areas where we have been faced with the he is a member of the Church in his own right and anxieties of not knowing anyone. Remember the first should be accepted as such. It is not our prerogative

day you left home to attend college, to seek employto place him on probation or to wait until we see how ment, to enter the mission field, or other occasions faithful he is going to be before we accept him as our where it has necessitated meeting new people in friend and associate in the gospel of Jesus Christ.

unknown environments? These experiences are frusThe determining factor of how faithful a person will

trating, and the uneasiness remains until a person be depends upon the encouragement, love, and friendhas become acquainted and feels that he has ship given by the other members of the Church.

been accepted. Fellowshiping new members is a challenging obliThis situation also applies to new members who gation placed upon every member of the Church. Do

have embraced the gospel. They are anxious to be you have the faith to accept new members as your

part of the group and appreciate the kindness of those friends? Do you have the courage and Christian spirit

who hold out a hand of fellowship and invite them to go out of your way and invite a new member to into the various circles of activity. As they are thus participate with you? As you answer these quesassimihted into the activities of the Church, the tions, think of the story of the good Samaritan who

doctrines they have been taught by the missionaries found it within his heart to take time to dress and become vivid and real, proportionate to the love for feed an unknown brother. It would also be well to

the people of the ward or branch. recall the statement of James:

There is no place in the gospel for "cliques."Look "Pure religion and undefiled before God and the

around at church socials and be certain no one has Father is this, to visit the fatherless and widows in been excluded from the group. It is only another their affliction, and to keep himself unspotted from

step in developing a true Christian spirit for each of the world."(James 1:27.)

us to extend a warm greeting to those unfamiliar Far too often a "closed group atmosphere"can faces we meet as we attend Church activities. It may shut a newcomer out, whether that newcomer be

be the first time that these people have attended any a new member in the gospel or one new in the assignof our meetings, and the impression we leave with ment. Let's resolve now to institute a greater effort

them will undoubtedly be lasting. to make everyone a part of the whole body.

FEBRUARY 1962 125 TODAY'S FAMILY FLORENCE B. PINNOCK, EDITOR

HI "My husband likes me just as I am,"or "everyone loves a fatty,"or "it's not what I eat it must be my glands,"or "I've tried and tried and I just can't lose weight,"these and more arc just excuses for extra poundage. In nine hundred and ninetynine cases out

of one thousand we arc just what we eat and do. Extra

pounds are made of extra food the body does not need for its normal functioning so it stores it up in fat. This fat has a way of slowing down our energy,

dissolving our pep, forming a barrier to good health, and even changing our potentialities and personalities.

Fat is an enemy but not one that cannot be overcome.

It is almost impossible to pick up a magazine or newspaper without someone giving advice on this subject. We have all read of the seventeenyear-old

girl who lost 150 pounds leaving her a slim 120 pounds, good health, and happiness, or of the man who came down from 340 pounds to 190 pounds in a short space of time by way of will power, or of the woman who at 189 pounds was unhappy because size 20 didn't exactly compliment her and from sheer determination and a carefully balanced diet in twelve weeks weighed 145 pounds but still insisted that in another month she would be size sweet fourteen and on her way to ecstasy. These stories have hundreds of duplicates.

Never before have so many people become so weight conscious. This is good.

If you have seventyfive pounds or just ten pounds of extra weight, the first step is to consult your doctor for his approval and supervision of your diet. Then

educate your attitude as well as your appetite. Decide

that being well, attractive, and full of energy is surely worth more than the fun of frequently gorging on the wrong foods in the wrong proportions. You know

the old saying a minute in the mouth, an hour in the stomach, and a lifetime on the hips. Another adage

the extremely overweight must think of is "diet or die."After the decision has been made to diet, and

with your doctor's help, set a goal for yourself as to the amount of weight you must lose and the definite time it will take.

When your doctor says, "Eat plenty of fruit,"he

doesn't mean eat your regular meals plus all the fruit and rich sauces.

you want. One apple is good and only one hundred Don't become social outcasts as you diet. Mavbe

calories, but three or four apples add up to three or the first thing to learn is to say "no"graciously.

four hundred calories—and far too much! Remember When you accept an invitation to dinner, take smaller

too that some fruits contain more calories than others. than usual servings of the food served. Before you

I know of a girl who decided to eat all the fruit she leave home take the edge off your appetite by drinkwanted and couldn't understand a ten pound gain in ing a small fruit juice, then during the meal eat slowly weight in August. Grapes and watermelon are full of and take time to be sociable. A "No, thank you"

sugar, and an excess of them like an excess of candy said just the right way does not hold an insult to can send your calorie intake soaring. It is best to your hostess.

become acquainted with the 100 caloric portions of A young marrieds class met and decided that a comdifferent foods. Two thousand calories of fruit can mon project was a good thing to help hold them

be just as fattening as two thousand calories of any together, so they discussed the needs of the group and other food. decided that their greatest need was to lose weight

There are a few things to watch in your reducing individually and as a group. Each week as they met

diet. Be sure to keep track in calories what you add they would weigh in, and within a three month period

to other foods to make them more appetizing: for there was a joint loss of weight of nearly three huninstance, sweet pickles, catsup, mayonnaise, avocado, dred pounds. This group encouragement helped each

honey, jam, nuts, cream, butter, sauces, and gravies member to be calorie conscious.

will up an ordinary good nourishing meal to a gigantic At a soda fountain it is easy to order a small glass total of calories. Large helpings or second helpings of fresh orange juice in place of a loaded banana

of food also up the total of calories. Between meal split or a rich hot fudge sundae. Next time when the

nibbling is another common offender. I know a percrowd orders a chocolate soda at three hundred and

son who said the only calories she counted were the fifty calories, you have a glass of tomato juice for just ones she ate with her feet under a table. She sixty calories. It won't take many of these orders

couldn't understand why she gained weight. Again of consomme or fruit juice in place of chili and

it's the total daily calories that cause the harm. sundaes to make a noticeable difference in your weight.

Make the key of your dieting "variety."Only Have fun as you are dieting. Dance, skate, ski,

crash or fad diets consist of eating just one or two walk, etc., and keep in the social swim. It is important

foods. Of course, you will lose weight over a short that you have exciting things to do so you can forget

period on these poor diets but you will soon gain all yourself and food. Don't sit in a lump before the

your weight back when you return to the old way of TV and feel sorry for yourself. Nibbling will follow

eating. Again educate your attitude, change your bad as sure as you do this, and all your good intentions

habits for good nutritional ones and over a long will disappear. Good posture is a morale builder,

period of losing just two pounds a week on a scienit also makes a person look slimmer. So along with

tifically prepared diet, you will be able to retain dieting stand tall.

this loss. Educate your eating habits. Check yourNow let us talk about a new pattern for eating.

self each day to be sure you are eating a good balanced Eating is a habit and a delightful one, if wisdom is diet. Remember we all need dairy products, grains used. This diet pattern should continue on through

and cereals, meat or fowl, and fruits and vegetables life. After the pounds have been lost, add a little

each day. Learn to forget about heavy pastries, here and a little there of nourishing food to just maindesserts, fats, excessive candies, chocolate, gravies, tain your correct weight.

FEBRUARY 1962 121 THEIR HEALTH IS IN YOUR HANDS!

salad authorities with advise 1 slice of meat that a V. Green Many

children's health Your or chicken eat breakfast were added—dieter's as if he precious. Here's an inis person

to expensive way get a king, lunch as a prince, and dinner dressing into their more nutrition diet. Stone grind your as a pauper. Vz slice of bread

flour before hours a few baking bread your and Apple rolls. Enjoy pure wheat... Breakfast patterns for those who processed you by

avoid chemical additives. want to lose Recipe for dieters dressing

1 8 oz. can of tomato sauce

serving of fruit One 1 tarragon vinegar tablespoon INVEST IN A I. or boiled One egg—poached 1 LEE tablespoon HOUSEHOLD lemon juice

FLOUR MILL 1 slice of wholewheat bread or V2 teaspoon onion juice

Automatic toast and 1 teaspoon of Vz teaspoon Worcestershire sauce butter Portable Electric Economical 8 oz. glass of skim milk V&Vz teaspoonteaspoon onioncelery saltseed

Order today!

mills. of 4 II. Vz Choice grapefruit all ingredients in a jar Combine prices! for Write strips 2 crisp bacon introducon Save until blended. thoroughly shake and

offer. flour tory 1 toast slice wholewheat Chill. using. before with Shake coupon Send

check or money 8 oz. skim milk

order for 5-lb.

p kg., stone patterns Dinner for those who day ground shipIII. One egg—poached ped. lose want to

2 slices of tomato LEE ENGINEERING CO. 1 slice of toast and 1 teaspoon 1, Wis. Milwaukee I. One serving lean roast beef butter

potatomed. sized baked 8 oz. skim milk One Dept. IE10-61 LEE CO., ENGINEERING highly of one tablespoon use 1, Wis. Milwaukee 2023 W. Wisconsin Ave.,

.... Deaf Smith Flour, 5-lb. pkg. ppd. Only $1.50 seasoned skim milk as the

.... Wis. Minn. Flour, 5-lb. pkg. ppd. Only $1.00 IV. 1 sliced orange sauce.

Name Vz cup cooked wholewheat ceLarge green salad with dieter's

Street real, with Vz teaspoon honey, dressing

City State and Vz cup skim milk Fruit

Postum—plain

II. Bouillon

V. Tomato juice Slice of broiled chicken

1 egg—poached or boiled Large tomato and lettuce salad

1 slice melba toast with dieter's dressing 8 oz. skim milk One orange sliced, lightly

sprinkled with coconut Lunch patterns for those who want to lose III. Tomato juice

Large serving broiled fish with

I. 1 cup clear soup lemon

Lean piece of roast beef or Large salad of grated carrots dieter's fruit FOLDING chicken and apples—

Sliced tomatoes on lettuce dressing

PEDESTAL TABLES Vanilla wafer Broccoli served with a tableDirect from factory savspoon of seasoned skim milk ing to Churches, Schools, Clubs, Lodges and all organiII. 1 broiled beef pattie—2Vz in.

zations. 1962 MONROE

Tables Folding Banquet are dia. Vz inch thick IV. 1 cup consomme

unmatched for quality, dura- 1 cup chopped spinach or cabLarge serving pan broiled liver some appearance.bility,94conveniencemodels andandsizeshandfor bage Vz cup green beans

every use. Write for 1 glass buttermilk Sliced tomato salad

2 halves of water packed pears BIG FREE1962 CATALOG line Full pictures. tables, chairs, Color MONROE

trucks, platformrisers, table and chair portIII. Vz cup cottage cheese and Vz

able partitions. Write today! slice canned pineapple on V. 2 lean broiled lamb chops

THE MONROE CO., 249 Church St., Colfax, Iowa lettuce Vz cup stewed celery

1 piece toast or 2 crackers Vz cup tomato aspic

Vz cup jello 3 inch wedge of angel cake

IV. Vz cup stewed tomatoes and Dieter s Fruit Dressing

onions RIGHTEvenPLAY Know AWAY!

2 strips of crisp bacon Vz cup orange juice a NoteIt Youof MusicDon't Now it's EASY to tmfNow.\"1 slice wholewheat bread Vz cup grapefruit juice instrument.learn any

No boring exercises. %| Vz glass skim milk 1 tablespoon lemon juice

Start playing real pieces by note right away. No teacher. Few cents per

lesson. Write for FREE BOOK. No obligation.

U. S. SCHOOL OF MUSIC, Studio 1201, Port Washington, New York. (Est. 1898)

128 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA N0W...EVERY NATURAL VITAMIN% teaspoon salt

V4 teaspoon paprika Vz teaspoon sugar AND MINERAL KNOWN OR

Combine and shake thoroughlychill. Shake before serving. BELIEVED TO BE IMPORTANTFoods Loaded with

Calories Calories One sweet roll with frosting 350 TO HUMAN NUTRITION... ALL

1 slice French toast 235 Ham-4 x/2 by 4% by Vi inch 400

Spaghetti with meat sauce—IN ONE TABLET! 1 cup 290

Fried chicken—1 thigh and 1 leg 330

Tartar sauce—1 tablespoon 100 at less than 2<t per tablet

Macaroni and cheese—Vz cup 160

Mince Pie—3 inch wedge 500

Sweet Potato—1 medium 200 Lyman'sChocolate ice cream—Vz cup 250

Butter or margarine—

1 tablespoon 110Baked beans with molasses Daily Supply and pork—Vz cup 250 Wonderful for ALL age groups... here's why! Unlike

Doughnut—1 average 200 most one-a-day tablets which contain but the normal

vitamins of the knownto-beneeded daily requirements 1 tablespoon 105 butter—Peanut

... Daily Supply or no minerals each Lyman's few and 200 stewedPrunes—4

supply of the normal tablet provides a generous

Chocolate candy bar 450 Lyman's requirements of knownto-beneeded vitamins, PLUSdaily 1 piece 190Fudge—

fi Daily Supply vitaminslished butforwhichwhichareminimumsstrongly believedhave not toyetbebeenneededestabin 450Malted milk

Brazil nut—just one 45 the daily diet... PLUS a generous portion of essential

Peanuts—10 kernels 55 minerals... all derived from natural food sources and

all in a natural food concentrate base. This assures

School lunches high in nourishment availabilityand mineralsto thebut bodyalso ofthenotvariousonly alltravelingthese vitaminsagents and low in calories for overweight (enzymes, coenzymes, synergists, catalysts and trace children minerals) which helps the system properly utilize the vitamins and minerals. Also, by making all these nutri-

I. Sliced tomato and bacon sandents available in a carefully balanced formula, nature

wich on wholewheat bread can select whatever nutrients your body needs.

(1 double sandwich) 8 oz. skim milk Nothing like Lyman's Daily Supply anywhere near the

Pear Yes... you can loose price!mineralsComparein Lyman'sthe DailymultipleSupplynaturaltabletsvitamins... compareand

.. units the allin-one the USP tablet. compare conwith delicious, II. Cottage cheese and fresh fruit weight

.. all price. then with the the others. compare salad economical, safe You'llvenience find this to the best of its be product kind at

1 slice wholewheat bread lowest price! the

Carrot sticks SURE MEAL WARD, WELSkim milk 8 ounces STAKE, QUORUM, dietary ATTENTION! balanced, Carefully powdered

SOCIETY FARE, OR RELIEF FUNDRAISING or water, provides with milk mixed which,

Daily tablets DIRECTORS—Lyman's Supply are eggIII. Hardcooked in a nutritional essential element every

at available discounts generous group regard- 2 diet. Sure lowcalorie slim with Get green pepper and Cucumber less of quantity ordered! raise for You funds with daily. slim servings stay Meal Then slices projects, your group constant get repeat orders daily. serving Sure Meal 1 Sure Meal Thus bread and these Wholewheat and healthpromoting make vitaminfor 1 2 a regular butter allows day or meals you

sandwich the bulk your body requires. Order today! mineral tablets available to your families and

missionaries at a low, low cost. Mail coupon 8 ounce skim milk

for details. below

2 vanilla wafers

IV. Tomato juice Don Lyman & Associates, 1087 East 9th South, Salt Lake City 5, Utah,

Beefburger on toasted bran bun

Apple DailyPleaseSupplysend thenaturalfollowingvitaminmineralquantities tablets:of Lyman's Please20Mealsend the followingSize quantities of Sure 4.75Meal:

Size 40Meal 9.00 lOOTablet Bottle.$1.95 V. Swiss cheese on rye toast with

Size (Case) 45.00 Bottle 8.95 240Meal 500Tablet

lettuce Check Tomato Butterscotch, desired flavor:Q Maple, DefattedVanilla.Chocolate, Q Bland, Celery stalks We are interested in Lyman's Daily Supply

Piece of hard candy tablets or Sure Meal as a fundraising project My name i may be personally interested in selling My address..

Lyman's Daily Supply tablets or Sure Meal. City Zone State.

FEBRUARY 1962 12ft..!:

DISTINCTIVE BINDINGS A VALENTINE TREAT

For a PernioliJieference of the Improvement Era Lacy cookies

V2 cup flour Xor 12 issues in handlk teaspoon baking powder some covers only $3.30. All V2V2 cnpcup quicksugar cooking rolled oats

orders should be accom- 2 tablespoons heavy cream panied with 12 Improve- 2 tablespoons light corn syrup

V-i cup melted butter or margarine ment Eras and payment in 1 tablespoon vanilla advance, plus postage for return mail. Sift together the flour, baking

powder, and sugar, add the rolled oats, and other ingredients. Mix well

together and drop onto an ungreased

The West's Finest cookie sheet about 4 inches apart.

Printers and Binders Use a XA teaspoon measuring spoon for each cookie. Bake in a 375 degree F. oven until lightly browned.

pan. This recipe Deseret Letmovingstandfroma fewthe seconds before rewill make about 72 lacy cookies.

News Melchizedek Priesthood page 123) 33 RICHARDS SL%; Press (Continued from

4-2581 EM LAKE CITY, UTAH SUGGESTIONS FOR THE STAKE SALT

MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD COMMITTEE

During each quarter of the year you will hold two priesthood leaderBETWEEN ship meetings. Their purpose is as

... follows

Meeting 1—To train quorum presiTEMPLE SQUARE VISITS

dencies. enjoy a snack at Hotel Utah's delightful new Meeting 2—To train quorum committees.

... in the (See page 11, 12, and 13 of the BOWLn'BASKET lower lobby, opposite Melchizedek Priesthood Handbook.)

the Coffee Shop The material on the Melchizedek entrance. Priesthood page of this issue of The

Improvement Era is intended to be

Open—24 hours'rounda thedayclock! fora selfteachingquorum presidencies,course of instructionbut you

it at the will need to supplement. food. Tasty j above mentioned. two meetings

. I. fast service

pleasant surroundings Suggestions for your next meeting to train presidencies, HOTEL UTAH Make certain that the presidencies

Home of the famous SKY Room understand:1. The objectives of the quorum.

2. The responsibilities of the presidency.

3. That the best way to operate

a quorum is by standing committees.

DRINK The most economical food wrap 4. That the president is chairman

use: (In the seventy's quorum, any of ficqo A delightful you can I of the personal welfare committee.

for hot beverage CHARITl those KITCHEn coffee. drink don't who WAXED PAPER -3-U Grocers at your

130 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA New capacity to boost your earning power is engineered into every AlfisChalmers tractor for 1962.

D-19 NEW in the 5-plow class, big in earning power. Here is new 6-cylinder power

in your choice of POWERCRATER gasoline and LP engines or new turbocharged diesel. The D-19 with up to 70

PTO horsepower* has weight, stability and the hydraulic system to handle your heavy implements, including big 5-bottom plows.

D-17 Economy Champ in the 4-plow size.

Look at a record setter in work done and fuel saved. Your choice of POWER -CRATER

gasoline and LP engines, or rugged, workproved diesel. Traction Booster system

provides a proved way to keep your costs down yet have plenty of traction for pulling heavy 4-bottom plows and 1 5-foot disc harrows. New T-Bar hitch permits the

Traction booster system to work with many pulltype implements for D-15, D-17 and D-19.

D-15 Around the farm work horse. Here's

the tractor with choresize convenience and economy, yet there's 40 hp. when you need

it. Extra horsepower and weight in compact

size make this the workin'est power on your farm. In the field or around the yard, it's

heavy enough to put real punch behind hauling, loading, and feeding jobs. For crop

work, the D-15 is ready and able to help as an extra tractor on any big farming operation. Power Director on the D-15, as on

D-17 and D-19, provides 8 forward speeds, onthe-go range shifting, and live PTO.

D-10 and D-12 Biggest in Oneand

Tworow Tractors. A new bonus in horsepower lets these tractors pull three bottoms

under many conditions.

HD-3 and H-3 Toughest in Compact

Crawlers, have set a record among all crawlers for highest drawbar pull in relation to weight. You may have either diesel or

PowerCrater gasoline engine.

AllisChalmers, Farm Equipment Division,

MUvmukee 1, Wis. *M a nufacturer's estimate (corrected).

Get the dollarmaking difference with,

TRACTION BOOSTER and POWERCRATER are AllisChalmers trademarks. ALUSCHALMERS

FEBRUARY 1962 131 the presidents may be.) The counjects for the convenience of the vehemently denied by the motion

selors are chairmen of the other two inflamed male. The bonds of love picture industry. One of the leaders

standing committees. and devotion, of tenderness and of the Motion Picture Association of

5. That the use of unassigned men consideration, and above all of America testified before the Postal

is the main purpose of using comparenthood are unknown to such Operations Congressional Subcommittees and that most of the time writers. mittee in February, 1960, declaring,

. the motionshould be spent with them. Psychiatrist Hervey Cleckley in "Some have said that..

6. That the quorum activity cards his recent book, The Caricature of picture itself has changed, that

(see January Era), the quorum roll, Love, pursues these points much something has happened to our sense and the bishop's list of assigned men further and with considerable docuof selfdiscipline, to our Production are the sources of information as to mentation. He notes again and and Advertising Codes, and that our

who should be named on committees. again the perversion of love and sense of public responsibility, has

7. That it is fundamental that the malefemale relationships in modern diminished. This is simply not true.

unassigned men be the ones invited literature. And it is this material, Our members are just as strong in

to be committee men. originally in literary form, which is adhering to the codes today as they

8. That the presidency can't put with monotonous regularity transever were."

the program into effect without lated with increasing boldness into When the question was raised of making calls—over and over. screenplays and motion pictures. In not allowing children to see certain

9. That these things are discussed a few years these then appear on types of films that might be deleand decisions made at a meeting of our TV screens. And this is the terious, traumatic, or emotionally

the presidency. steady diet which children are being damaging, the leaders of the motion

(To be continued) conditioned with and raised on as picture industry placed themselves weekly or bimonthly dosages in the in strong opposition to such a move

The New Morality casecase ofof somemovies,TV orshows.nightly, in the withreallythedefineargumentat whatthatagenobodya personcan

(Continued from page 105) As Dr. Wertham succinctly comis a child or adult, and that no group

Temple of Aphrodite in ancient ments, "Men and women (on the of "censors"could ever agree on unsuitable suitable or what was screen) don't love other each any orGreece, the place celewhere is it infare. quite screen However, in exploit other each ofbrants the Black Mass and more—they

the teresting to note "Green that explicit and dehumanized the mostWitches Sabbath met to blaspheme of reviews compiles Sheet"which form. Violence becomes commonthe sacraments the during Middle

Ages. In the modernday example, place—a fundamental principle of eleven independent national organthe movie goer is now a spectator society. Killing is as common as izations does, in fact, show a great

rather than a participant. But the taking a walk, a gun more natural deal of agreement on their ratings

"New Morality"so seductively and than an umbrella."The Senate of suitability of films for children,

attractively presented cannot help Subcommittee to Investigate Juvefamily audiences, etc.

eventually, subtly and powerfully, nile Delinquency after conducting In a survey made by this writer affecting his or her basic values extensive studies and hearings of of films reviewed in the "Green system, and the eventual decisions effects of television on children Sheet"during a recent twelve and behaviors that follow. concluded in their final report (1955) months period approximately 50% of

Eric Larrabee (a former editor of that "In the light of evidence, there these movies were deemed unsuitHarper's and presently the managing is a calculated risk incurred through able for children, young people, or editor of American Heritage) in a the repeated exposure (through TV) family type audiences. Below are

newly published book, The Self of young boys and girls, even of listed excerpts of their reviews of

Conscious Society, points out with tender age, to ruthless, unethical some of these "unsuitable"films:

considerable acuity the current forms of behavior. The Subcom- "There is graphic presentation of

state of the American "novel"in mittee believes it would be wise to the extortion, arson, bombings and which normal love and sex are reminimize this risk insofar as posmurder practiced by this ring of injected in favor of a variety of sible."They also recommended ternational gangsters."Black magic

perversions. stricter FCC control of television rites presided over by a sinister

Author, professor, and critic Edprograming with authority given to priestess and carried on in secret mund Fuller in an analysis of Man revoke licenses of stations or of orgies, hysterical with drums, chants, in Modern Fiction (published by levying fines on those violating an frenzied shriekings and writhing,

Random House) comments that the established code. They also recomslithering snakes, voodoo torture, and

current vogue in American literature mended the formation of local citibloody corpses.""Miss X once again

glorifies the "beat generation"—"love zen's "listening councils"as well as plays a sexridden, harddrinking

is understood as nothing more than money to be expended for research girl with tormenting problems, patthe quest for Icicks.''Sex is poron the effects of television on chilterning her life to suit her desires

trayed as a stupefying pleasure dren's behavior. in one affair after another, priding

mechanism for which heterosexual While many students and critics herself on never accepting money or homosexual relationships can of the mass media have noted the for her favors. Salvation seems imserve equally well. In all these significant changes in content and minent when she falls deeply in

various kinds of novels offering us "morals"of Hollywood produced love with a married executive—but

loveless lust, women are depicted films in the past few years, it is a fracus brings an end to this brief primarily as depersonalized sex obmost interesting to note that this is episode. The sex centered spirit

132 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA NATIONAL DEALER'S OFFER of the novel is preserved in knowing, outspoken dialogue and sordid MAKE BIG MONEY AS AN AREA DISTRIBUTOR bits of business, etc., etc.""This ENDS OIL CHANGES! MONEY BACK GUARANTEE

lurid melodrama journeys through a Start making money now... by saving others money... with the Frantz

maze of torrid love making, hatred, "Miracle"Oil Filter. This highlyproven device is a revolutionary system of oil

infidelity, insanity, physical and filtration. Improves your present filtering system by continually cleaning your oil

drive, it you keeping free sludge, from carbon, metal abrasives and harmful...mental cruelty etc.""A couasacids, and oil eliminates for need additives, oil changes, filter expensive andrageous captain discovers mass changes. Actually life. doubles engine The replacement filter costs only pennies.

murder is being committed by an Fill out the coupon below for free information as to how you can qualify as a ancient religious sect. Its secret distributor.

followers strangle their plunder and lifetime Patented filter. Tested

training ofvictims. The new memproved RETAIL (Calif.: 4% tax) and by thousands of

bers and the torture of prisoners Complete with line and fittings satisfied users... farm equipare covered in a comprehensive Fits any car.. ment, trucks and cars.

cataloging of sadistic horror that leaves nothing to the imagination.

Good performances heighten the Grow to a effect of a film that is gruesome in fleet of Frantz the extreme."mobile units.

Probably the most significant single event that has led to the "liberalization"of screen fare has been recent court decisions with, regards to censorship of such films * DIMTER DISTRIBUTORS as The Miracle, Anatomy of a Mur12023 Venice Blvd., Los Angeles 66, Calif.

der, etc. In each case, local officials Please send me C.O.D Frantz "Miracle"Oil Filter.

banned showing of these films in Please send me information on a Frantz distributorship.

certain US cities as being "morally Name or otherwise offensive."However,

in each case where the specific film Address was ruled by the courts as being City State "not offensive,"this decision was made after the judiciary had private screenings of the film in question.

What this had done, in effect, is to transfer the censorship or decision of whether the film is objectionable FOR YOU...from the local police or similar New Profits

officials, to the legal minds and IN AN OUTSTANDING NEW BUSINESS OPPORTUNITY tastes of the judiciary. So that

it still remains a matter of somebody's or groups'personal judgment.

Thus the approach of controlling One of America's top record manufacturers seeks qualified the distribution of offensive films individuals to establish CUSTOM RECORDING BUSINESS under exclusive through legal means is somewhat franchise. (In areas outside Utah, as all franchise districts in Utah

clouded at the present time, and it have already been filled.)

will probably take several years beThis is an exceptional opportunity to own your own substantial fore all the legal aspects of "cenbusiness and be associated with a leading manufacturer of records sorship"are clarified. A major step and albums with a nationwide reputation for quality and service.

toward this end occurred in January Complete training and proven businessbuilding formula given, of 1961 when the Supreme Court of plus continuing management guidance and national advertisthe United States ruled that local ingandsalespromotion program.

boards set up to censor motion pictures were legal under the A minimum investment of $2300 required.

Constitution.

Actually a much more effective way of objecting to offensive films j and TV is through groups (such as P-TA's, church organizations, Century's owners are active L.D.S.

details, the opportunityto For appreciate whoservice clubs, etc.); for example,

to... write associated with Church members.minority in groups recent

recently have of these years beSome who have been particularly successful in taken advantage of this franchise getting Hollywood's cooperation in opportunity are:

eliminating scenes or material deTed Hannan, 340 North St., Olympia, Wash.

famatory or degrading to members Jerry Tucker, 4323 Broadway, Shreveport, La.

Herschel Edmunds, 15203 Ooty, Lawndale, Calif. CUSTOM RECORDING SERVICE

David Carrigan, Morgan, Utah Dept. E P.O. Box 308, Saugus, California

FEBRUARY 1962 133 of their group or race. This has Presiding Bishoprics Page are obvious. He needed not only

been done through persuasion, dislove and attention, but also someone cussions with leaders of the indus- (Continued from page 125) who cared enough to listen to his try, and through other "informal"problems—someone he trusted. He

(rather than legal) channels. Thus details of administrative duties that thought of his bishop, but the bishit would seem not inappropriate we neglect the spiritual requirements. op always seemed too busy. Fortufor majority groups to approach also What a wonderful practice it was nately, there is much that the

film leaders and engage in discuswhen the prophets of old ascended Church can do to give a boy like sions on how material particularly to the top of the mountains and Jimmy help.

offensive to Christian and other respent the whole day in supplication. This help must come from you,

ligious groups might be eliminated Great strength can accrue to the the bishop. Do not wait until you

or at least treated in better taste person who pours out his soul to have troubled waters before bethan at present. our Father in heaven, whether in friending the youth of your ward.

When the question is raised as to his closet, in the top of the mounAs the fisherman of the boys, wrap what parents can do specifically to tains, or in any other secluded place. the net of the gospel around their

protect their children from adverse This soulsearching isn't always conhearts when all is calm. It is the

kinds of motion picture and televivenient, but it is the most profound reaching out and the grasping of the sion fare the following suggestions medication that can be applied. opportunities with patience and love

are recommended: Under no cir- "We ask for strength and God that will fill your boat to overflowing.

cumstances allow your children (ingives us difficulties which make us cluding teenagers) to see motion strong. We pray for wisdom and

pictures and TV indiscriminately. God sends us problems, the solution The Book of Mormon

develops of which wisdom. We inwith apparentlySome movies (Continued from page 109) for prosperity plead and God gives titles the are frequentlynocuous

most obscene and/or traumatizing. us brain and brawn to work with. I give vou.."(Jacob 3:9),

for courage and God 'And now, this commandment they If you attend a motion picture or We plead."(Ibid., 3:6.),see a television show which you gives us dangers to overcome. We observed to keep;..

gives us ask for favors—God oppor- ". shall have ye concubines andfeel objectionable to highly be you

tunities. the answer."This is or,..."putting (Ibid., 2:27), none,.. as ask the theatre,might, leave you

to see the manager and express your (Pamphlets Doctrinal, Prayer, Hugh a prepositional phrase used as an adfeelings to him (or call the TV sta- B. Brown, p. 16.) verb at the front: "Now in this

tion). Also, at the next meeting of The following is a true case histhing we do rejoice;..."(Ibid.,

your civic, service, church, or tory which shows the need for the 4:3, 4, and others.)

P-TA group you might suggest that bishop to befriend his boys. Jacob also seemed to be an artist

a committee be formed for the purJimmy was fourteen years old, in the use of climax:

pose of protecting children from active in his Aaronic Priesthood "But behold, hearken ye unto me, being exposed to objectionable, diswork, a good athlete, and loved and know that by the help of the turbing, and traumatizing motion baseball. Since both of his parents allpowerful Creator of heaven and

pictures and TV shows. This comand older brother were working, he earth I can tell you concerning your

mittee will have far more weight spent each day during the summer thoughts, how that ye are beginning than you as an individual in aptrying to alleviate the burdens of to labor in sin, which sin appeareth proaching the theater manager, TV boredom and idleness. Day after very abominable unto me, yea, and

station, writing your Congressman, day it was the same routine—sleepabominable unto God."(Ibid., 2:5.)

etc. You could, in addition, write ing late, a bowl of corn flakes for The proof—Here in the form of

a letter to your local newspaper exbreakfast, watching TV, and playthe Book of Mormon is a physical, pressing your sentiments. Though ing catch with himself against the examinable object which can be a

if it is to be published, it would be side of the house. means of confirming the actuality of

the experience and Smith's of Joseph the summer, the end Toward of the the give to name notbest sceptic must of reality God. The into friend, the Bill, a moved new it this gives becausespecific show

is if the what that Joseph Book agree Bill interest no had neighborhood. atto will tend publicityfree and it is it a be, docuto claimed Smith referring kept in the and Church it. to seekers curiosity viewtract trans- a the gives world which it ment activity. as sissy and to a He to one's letter ConaWriting reality of to the witness cendent time spent more and more Jimmy well as (both Senategressman of as and the son Christ God Jesus late each together, coming home

as House representative) expressing night. No one worried about the purpose of his mission; it gives

your views is often most helpful. Jimmy because each knew he was much insight on the nature of God

Or another course would be to write a good, clean, active boy; and his and Christ and of the eternal nature

directly to the Motion Picture Assoconduct was never questioned. Howof the human individual; it offers

ciation of America, 8480 Beverly ever, it seemed to Jimmy that no light on the mysteries of faith, reveBlvd., Hollywood 48, California one was interested in what he was lation, suffering, grace, baptism,

(either to Mr. Eric Johnston or Mr. doing. Then a tragedy occurred—acquisition of the knowledge of the

Geoffrey Shurlock). And finally, if Jim was brought home one evening truth of things, repentance, atone-

a particular theater continues to by a policeman. He had been inment, destiny, and many other quesshow offensive films, refuse to volved in the theft of an automotions which plague the mind for

patronize them at any time. bile. The causes of Jim's involvement answers; it verifies Old and New

134 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The Improvement Era Testament doctrines and clarifies debatable obscnre and SHOPPER meanmany DDIRECT & itings; a sick offers to world a key... the merchandise shown on these pages

to new vistas in living in joy and can be ordered direct from the companies peace, here and now and into the listed. Enclose check or money order.

eternities. The Book of Mormon is

extremely important. A witness of

the truthfulness of its concepts is paramount. Are all the "Book of WARD OFFICERS, TEACHERS, SECMormon evidence"articles trying to RETARIES, PLEASE READ THIS AD!

bring about this witness?

or with pen phone hours on the spend If you evidences here presented and The if or reminders, notices or in sending handin of the scholars the research menwith is handouts spent time making spare your tioned can demonstrate that the carbon paper for your Sunday School or Pribook was not invented by Joseph mary class - THIS IS FOR YOU. The amazing

duplicate adwill and both DUPLICARD new articles But, theseSmith. cannot Housewives $$ DECORATING. CAKE BIG

will print or designs on post cards your dress time. Endless spare $5 hour easy wanted! final,give the motivating answer

It will size. card post to anything up almost ProDecorations lovely for and Cake demand isthat of inspired the Book Mormon ink, once, uses messy no at colors print several birthweddings, Christmas, for fessional Candy If articles increase the toof God. up special equipment, makes requires no all occasions. parties, you show days, how We

less costs master, each and from 100 copiestrust, important, and encourage most capital mine. kitchen into gold to turn your No

Unconditionally cards. of post a pack than small, Start business the required. grow your theyreading own of Mormon, Book

(this includes only $5.00 Send guaranteed. subscription for to 3 the big. FREE month Send their certainly purachievedhave tax, of supplies, six and months machine, for magazine Cake Hobbies""Fun & Profit is "scientificpose. the But method"B, P.O. Dept. to: Box postage) DUPLICARD, A/takers, facts Decorators and on and Candy

not the whole answer regarding how 11, Sa[t Lake City 10, Utah. complete home instruction. CANDY & CAKE,

to know things for sure nor to know Dept. D-117, Fallbrook, California.

the divinity of a thing. Jesus told his

disciples that they could be forgiven for denying after seeing and believing. But, if the Holy Ghost gave

them knowledge, they could never be forgiven if they denied. (Matt.

12:31.) On another occasion, Jesus

told his hearers that they could know if his doctrines were of God by doing the thing the doctrines suggested. (John 7: 17.) Both of these

principles are combined in Alma 32:2743, and a real experiment is SEW WITH "NUSEW"LIQUID MAGIC. In1000 NAME AND ADDRESS LABELS $1. Any 3

Different ppd. Orders Your and adname $2 holes, or applies tears, rips, mendsdescribed a reader which by can stantly

labels. finest printed dress 1000 on gummed clothing, upto fabric. Repairs patches any of testimony thecome to a message in useful Conveniently padded. FREE Packed rugs, binds leather holstery, goods, awnings,

of the Book of Mormon. etc. Use just as it comes from handy squeeze plastic "Gift Box."Useful on stationery,

etc. records, cards, checks, greeting books, else needed. top. Nothing with applicator proof of the divine bottle The motivating

3 Different OrSPECIAL-SAVE Any MONEY! boiled, in washed, seconds. be Dries Cannature of the Book of Mormon—the Gift. Ideal best ders $2. Agree buy of year 1001 use can on ironed. Everyone NuSew

sure, in full. personal refunded LABELS, evidence money that the book HANDY office; for the houseor jobs. For the home or

Calif. City, Bldg., Culver Jasperson 1270is it purports what Satisfaction SI. 00. to be—remains or sportsman. in wife Send

the reading of it and the personal guaranteed. No COD's. J. D. DISTRIBUTING

experience the reader has with its CO., Dept. M2, Box 378, Alameda, California.

message. By unbiased, methodical

examination, can one find ample thatindication neither Smith NEED MONEY? Joseph

nor his colleagues could have conLet us help you.

thecocted Book of Mormon. By YES! your stake, ward, M.I.A., reading,prayerful can feel the one

power of the book and gain a spirRelief Society and other Auxilitual witness of its truth. By trying iaries can buy our "STUFF"

the book's concepts, one can come to WHOLESALE.

of their verity. MAKEDECORATE CANDLES - for Fun or ProfIn thea knowledge

for Syrups Punch Products Paper it.—learn to create, or any age women Men lie of deterof meansBook Mormon

for decorate candles unusual custom design, Cotton Candy reality the of themining and God time spare or Fascinating all occasions! hobby Supplies and Cone Candy Snow ofaotuality Smith's claims Joseph later. Enorbusiness your Shop—Candle own

just as surely as one can know the mous year 'round demand—friends, clubs,

difference between hot and cold, or THEATRE CANDY DISTRIBUTING CO. stores, churches clamor for your original, unlittle in candles. materEM 4-3669 usual custom as 10c As is white. experimentblack and The

artistic All ages. brings income! $2 No Salt Lake City, Utah ial 225 West So. Temple there, to waiting be tried by the ability required. Send how. you show We

diligent seeker. TODAY for FREE FACTS on home instruction

method. CANDLE INSTITUTE, Dept. D-X-580,

Fallbrook, California.

FEBRUARY 1962 135 s?

It costs nothing to be cheerful, but cheerfulness always pays If days were artist's canvasses, dividends. And such dividends are among the few sources Picturing lives of men,

of income that the Internal Revenue Office does not reHow often we would scrape them clean, quire you to list on your tax report.—Roberta F. Caldwell And start again—Paul Armstrong

Fashion note: Little change The dawn does not come twice to

in men's pockets this spring. awaken a man.—Chinese proverb

The teacher asked her pupils who the nine greatest Americans Some people don't put were. All the students had turned in their papers except Johnny. their best foot for-

"Can't you finish your list, Johnny?"asked the teacher. "I'm ward until they get the

still undecided,"replied Johnny, "about the first baseman."other one in hot water.

Those who live on the mountain The wellintentioned man, The only reason why a great tops have a longer day than those when he found that the many Americans don't own an who live in the valley. Sometimes liniment made his arm elephant is that they have never

all we need to do to brighten smart, proceeded to been offered one for a dollar our day is to rise a little higher. rub some on his head. down and a dollar a week.

"\ hold the unconquerable belief The fouryear-old had stopped to that Science and Peace will triumph chat with a neighbor and his dog.

over Ignorance and War, that NaShe asked what the tag was on tions will come together not to dethe dog's collar. "It's his license,"

stroy, but to construct, and the future the neighbor said. The little girl

belongs to those who accomplish was quite impressed. "What kind

most for humanity."—Louis Pasteur of a car does he drive?"she asked.

136 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

COPR. 1962, VAN CAMP SE PANY, PACKER OF ALL FINE CHICKEN OF THE SEA PRODUCTS.

Chicken of the Sea is the tuna that's all prime fillet j\\J\ X LJ KA

HIGH IN i il j JL PROTEIN Only the prime fillet of the tuna -naturally high in proteinis accepted for Chicken of the Sea. Then, a special method of pressure baking protects

this natural protein. And it's this gentle pressure baking that keeps the prime

fillet so moist, so firm, so delicate in flavor. Yet even this superior brand of

tuna costs so little you can serve it often! Look for the mermaid on the label,

for the tuna that's naturally high in protein. Chicken of the Sea is the tuna

that's high in polyunsaturates, too

NEW RECIPE IDEA! TUNA BUFFET CASSEROLE

Combine 1 cup ( % pint) commercial sour cream and Mteaspoon crushed oregano in large bowl. Add two regular size cans (6}4 oz.) or one Giant Size can (12 Yi oz.) of Chicken of the

Sea tuna, 2 cups cooked elbow macaroni, Yi cup sliced ripe olives, M cup sliced mushrooms, Y\ cup chopped green pepper and \i cup chopped cashew nuts. Mix well. Spoon

into V/i quart casserole. Sprinkle 1 cup (4 oz.) grated processtype American cheese

on top. Bake in moderate oven (350F.) 25 to 30 minutes. Serve at once. Serves 4 or 5.

farm equipment specialists to tax analysts.

One expert whose advice most, wise farmers heed is their Beneficial Life man.

Yet a few farmers still insure everything on the farm—the machinery, the buildings,

the the animals—except with the knowman Is your going. operation that keeps the whole how

If you haven't examined your own life inlife insurance surance program recently, don't put it off.

It could be the most important thing you do today. Beneficial?

Profitable farming today requires scientiBENEFICIAL UEEfic management of a very high order. And

today's farmer consults with experts in many fields—from soil scientists to veterinarians, Virgil H. Smith, Pres. Salt Lake City, Utah