IMPROWEMEMI

El4

MARCH, 1926

ORGAN OF THE PRIESTHOOD) QUORUMS, THE YOUNG MENS MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS AND THE SCHOOLS OF THE CHURCH OF JESUS CHRIST OFw LATTERDAY SAINTS <wvw>w

PUBLISHED MONTHLY BY THE GENERAL BOARD YM.MJA

SALT LAKE CITY UTAH GO VIA SAN FRANCISCO TO LOS ANGELES AND RETURN. IT COSTS NO MORE TO SEE ALL OF

CALIFORNIA ININ ONE COMPLETE TRIP VIA Southern Pacific Lines 52 THREE TRAINS DAILY FROM SALT LAKE CITY AND OCDEN

PROPORTIONATELY LOW FARE FROM ALL OTHER POINTS IN

UTAH, IDAHO AND MONTANA STOPOVERS ALLOWED AT ALL POINTS. TICKETS ON SALE DAILY

For complete Information, Tickets and Reservations, Call Phone or Write.

P. BANCROFT, General Agent.

41 South Main Street. Wasatch 3008 Wasatch 3078

No substitute for Life Insurance can be found until you find a Remedy for Death Our modern upto-date contracts afford complete protection.

Our insurance in force including the Double Indemnity feature has passed the $32,500,000 mark.

Our Premiums and Interest Income now total between

SEVEN AND EIGHT HUNDRED THOUSAND DOLLARS

PER ANNUM

InterMountain Life Insurance Company

J. O. CARTER, President

Home Office, Twelfth Floor Continental Bank Building Salt Lake City, Utah

A few intelligent men to enter the salesmanship field desired.

Thorough instructions given.

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Our Golden Wedding

Half a century, dear, today, Half a century on our way, We've walked together, and lived the life

Ordained by Heav'n for man and wife,

As hand in hand our life should be,

I with you and you with me!

Proving that hearts in one may blend,

This is our union without an end;

While up the hills and down the vales

We've gone with courage that never fails,

And treaded the paths of destiny,

I with you and you with me!

Children we loved have blessed our home,

Going thence in their fields to roam.

Children's children have brought in view

The song and laughter of life anew,

And love blends all in our memory,

I with you and you with me!

So shall our future its way still ope

Blending our lives in our faith and hope,

As our ideals shall make us one

E'en when this earthly life is done

And on forever our course shall be,

I with you and you with me!

Albuquerque, N. M. JOSEPH LONGKING TOWNSEND

f vV lLiJ'H -si- -SiS sSl laft'si Jul. i%Bnsjra 'ft "Ilk. 'S p||

s

\\ mm

r

.**(: -3 ". 4$M

LANUTOO, A WONDER SPOT IN SAMOA

An extinct volcanic crate.r, once the scene of a veritable hades of fire,

molten rock and suffocating gases of immeasurable heat. This mirrorlike

sheet of water, with surrounding vegetation, is unsurpassed for beauty and picturesqueness.

From the rim of the crater, we behold the distant blue strip of ocean at the horizon, and a verdureclad mountain slope of perhaps fife miles in extent, on the lower shelf of which nestles picturesque little Apia (Samoa).

Just to the rear looms up the lone, sentinellike mountain on the crest of which rest the remains of Robert Louis Stevenson. Farther up the irregular

coast line are several native villages in succession.

The crater is much like a large, perfectly formed bowl, without a break in its perpendicular sides which are studded to the water's edge with tropical vegetation.

The lake is perhaps a quarter of a mile in diameter and of so great a depth that it shows up in a most delicate tint of green approaching a shade of blue. Being

above the cloud line, a soft, hazy enveloping fog is often seen, stealing over the rim and rolling down over the interior like an irresistible, noiseless spectre. Ever and

anon bright rifts break through the mist and an unnatural sunlight pierces the great, natural vault, where deathlike stillness reigns save only for the chatter of a few happy birds.

Native tradition has it that the water is a sacred trust, guarded jealously by an ever alert, unseen something, and that the slightest desecration of the place is accepted as a challenge, and the guardian force immediately releases volumes of vapor to screen its beautiful countenance from the gaze of the sacreligious.—JOHN Q. ADAMS.

Improvement Era

Vol. XXIX MARCH, 1926 No. 5

ORATORY, POESY AND PROPHECY By Orson F. Whitney

I.

In selecting for my present purpose the triple theme of oratory, poesy and prophecy, I am not unmindful of the fact that any one of these subjects is capable of almost infinite elaboration, and would of itself suffice for a long and interesting treatise. I combine them

because I believe them to be related—-three Godgiven graces which,

like charity, hope and faith, have a perfect right to go hand in hand.

To point out this relationship, rather than to deal with any theme exhaustively, constitutes my present purpose.

That the gift of oratory is poetic, and the gift of poesy prophetic,

I need not inform anyone who has given the matter more than superficial consideration. Moreover, not only poets, but orators are sometimes prophets; and prophets are or may be both poets and orators.

Oratory is the offspring of poesy, bearing the same relation to it as the child does to the parent, as sound does to silence, as speech to thought, as expression to imagination. Poesy is creation; oratory,

manifestation. Consequently, oratory is less than poesy, as the thing

created must always be less than the power that creates it. Poesy is

the creater of oratory. "We are born poets, we make ourselves

orators,"says Cicero. This being it was one of the greatest true—and

orators who said can be no question as to which is the it,—there

greater, that which is "born,"Godcreated, or that which man has "made."

This is not to say that some orators are not greater than some poets. It is between the gifts of poesy and oratory that the parallel

is being drawn. An orator of the first class may be superior to a

poet of the second class, but speaking in the abstract and without reference to individual cases, the sphere of the poet is above the sphere of the orator.

Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah, as second class matter.

Acceptance for mailing at special rate of postage provided for in Section 1 103, Act of October 3, 1917, authorized "on July 2, 1918, $2 per annum.

Address Room 406, Church Office Building, Salt Lake City, Utah.

402 IMPROVEMENT ERA

As a matter of course, one must first understand what poesy means, and what oratory means, in order to appreciate this distinction.

Not to those who judge after the seeing of the eye and the hearing of the ear, is it given to comprehend such a question. Worshipers) of

sound and show, who know naught of "that within which passeth show;"who recognize God in the earthquake and the whirlwind,

rather than in "the still small to such is oratory less voice"—not

than poesy. "The applause of listening senates to command,"to

be praised and appreciated in the present, is so much greater to the ordinary mind than to endure lifelong poverty and obscurity, neglected and depreciated while living, extolled and honored only when dead the frequent fate of poets and prophets in the it seems impast—that

possible to such that poesy or even prophecy can be equal, let alone superior, to oratory.

Poesy, I say, is the creator of oratory, a fact shown in part by the meaning of the two terms. Poesy springs from a Greek word meaning

"to make;"oratory, from a Latin word signifying "to speak."Hence,

as Dryden observes, "a poet is a maker * * * and he who cannot make, that is, invent, hath his name for nothing."

But the orator "makes speeches,"some will say. Is he not

therefore a maker? and must he not be "born"just as much as the

1poet? and must not the poet be "made"quite as much as the orator?

These questions bring us face to face with the whole problem whose solution I am attempting. I will endeavor to answer. But bear in

mind what I have already sought to emphasize, that it is of powers and functions that I am speaking, independently of persons who may possess and exercise any or all of them.

To begin then: Is the orator in the strictest sense of the term

1 not make thea speechmaker? I answer, No. The orator does

is the poet or thinker within him that does that. Thespeech—it

orator speaks the speech after the poet has made it. The orator

"makes a speech"as the traveler "makes a journey,"over a road already constructed, or as the actor "makes a part,"creates a role, which has been written for him by another. True, the traveler may

make a journey over a road constructed by himself; and the actor,

if a playwright, may give the original portrayal of a character which his own pen, his own mind has created. The case is just the same

with the orator; he and the poet may be the same person, one individual

possessing two powers and exercising two functions. It is the poetic

part of him that thinks, invents or "makes,"for that is the meaning of poesy; it is the oratorical part that "speaks,"gives oral utterance

to the thought inwardly created, for that is the meaning of oratory.

All men who think are, therefore, poetic to some extent. They

may use either pen or tongue to express their thoughts; but whether

those thoughts are set forth in a poem or in a speech, it is the poet or thinker, not the writer or speaker, who is the author of them.

ORATORY, POESY AND PROPHECY 403

"We are all poets,"says Carlyle, "when we read a poem well.

The imagination that shudders at the hell of Dante, is not that the same faculty, weaker in degree, as Dante's own?"

Still, imagination must be wedded to expression, in order that thought may be born. As it requires the art of the printer and

illustrator to properly present or render attractive the ideas embodied in a poem, so it requires! the powers and graces of elocution, of facial

expession and gesture, to fully interpret to and impress upon the mind the ideas embodied in an oration. Elocution is another name for

oratory; for elocution means the power of expressing thought by

speech and gesture, and that isvirtually the meaning of oratory.

Some might say that one point of difference between them is, that oratory presupposes originality, the orator voicing his own thought, while the elocutionist or actor expresses the thoughts of others.

It is true that the actor or elocutionist, in the exercise of his profession, generally utilizes the thoughts of others; but it is also true

that some orators and some writers do precisely the same thing.

The reader has heard, perhaps, of Richard Brinsley Sheridan's famous reply to an opponent in Parliament: "The gentleman has said

much that is good, and much that is original; but that which was

original was not good, and that which was good was not original."

There is no greatness without originality. "He is great,"says

Emerson, "who is what he is from nature, and who never reminds us of others."That is, by servile imitation. Nevertheless there have

been great orators who were not altogether original. "The secret

of oratory,"says George Eliot, "lies not in saying new things, but in saying things with a certain power that moves the hearer."

But noise is not power, nor is emphasis the shouting out of every other word in tones "to split the ears of the groundlings."

—"None emphatic can that speaker call,

Who lays an equal emphasis on all."

No, loudness is not logic, and though necessary at times in order to drive home an argument, it is no substitute for argument, and can easily be overdone.

A word of counsel to those who would become orators: Beware

of affectation. Do not put on what you cannot honestly wear.

Don't try to be eloquent. No man was ever truly eloquent when he

tried to be. No speaker ever convinced his hearers by a display of

emotion that was not genuine. Express what you feel, but don't allow

your feelings too much latitude. Don't pound the pulpit. It adds

nothing to your force of delivery. Shake off mannerisms, but above

all be yourself. Don't copy the errors of those whom you natural—be

have taken as models. Their mistakes are not worth perpetuating. If

they were great, it is not because of such things, but in spite of them.

Their admirers have something to forgive.

Lord Chatham was a great orator, but his oratory had faults.

404 IMPROVEMENT ERA

It was more or less theatrical. Carried into Parliament on a litter,

and supporting himself with crutches while speaking, as he warmed to his theme he seemingly forgot that he was lame, and flung his crutches aside, creating a tremendous sensation. But no man could

do that now. He would be laughed at, deservedly.

Another great orator, also an Englishman, made himself ridiculous by punctuating an impassioned period with a dagger, thrown upon the floor of the House of Commons; an anachronism that might have

passed muster in the days of Demosthenes, but which even the shamloving Eighteenth Century could not tolerate.

Speaking of things theatrical, note how the style of acting has changed in the past fifty or sixty years. How stilted and unnatural

it was, both in act and in utterance. Now all is changed. The

Spirit of Truth, pouring into the world at the opening of this

Gospel dispensation, has reasserted itself, has made or is making "all things new."Today is recognized, perhaps as never before, the

truth of the saying: "The perfection of art"—especiallyart—'"is the highest imitation of nature."dramatic

While oratory is not not imitation, yet the orator can acting—is

profit by the experience and by some of the methods of the actor.

A minister inquired of one: "Why is it that words spoken from the

stage are so much more impressive than those uttered from the pulpit?

What is the secret of your success?"The actor replied: "We

dare to pause."

There's a great deal in that. Pausing is as necessary in speaking,

as punctuation is in writing. If you doubt it, mark the difference

between the speaker who, upon arising, waits a moment with his eye fixed on the audience before beginning, and the one who starts to speak immediately upon taking the stand. The one invites attention;

the other indifference. The use of rise and fall of the cadences—the

the avoidance of monotonous droning, is another pointvoice—and

worth considering.

The truly great orator is a man of burning earnestness, intent upon his matter more than his manner, which, cultivated, will take care of itself. He does not fish for applause, nor pose for dramatic

effect. He is a despiser of vain show and cheap heroics, which appeal

to the shallow, but never to the profound.

How much buncombe and bombast was there in the divine

Author of that divinest of all orations. The Sermon on the Mount?

The world, with all its thundering declamation, its pompous posing and theatrical ostentation, has never reached, and by such means never will reach, as high a standard of oratory as was raised by that simple, unaffected, earnest soul, Jesus the Nazarene. Who comes nearest

to him in spirit, in speech, and in manner of delivery, will be the greatest orator of the future.

OUR CONSTITUTION AND GOVERNMENT*

By J. M. Sjodahl

It has occurred to me that on this day it would be proper to give a moment of our time here to the consideration of the great government of which George Washington has been called the "father."

Not that I expect to be able to say anything on that subject which you do not know; but it is well to pause occasionally, to consider the

blessings we enjoy, and you will agree with me, once an alien but, thank God! for many years a citizen, that the American government

is one of the greatest temporal blessings God ever vouchsafed to man.

Before 1776 the country later known as the United Statesi of

America consisted of 13 colonies, each under the complete control and rule of the government of Great Britain. But, as serious trouble between the mother country and the colonies seemed to threaten, George

Washington of Virginia was elected commander of whatever colonial forces could be raised, to the end "that the liberties of the country receive no detriment."This step was taken June 15, 1775, and was

the first direct move for independence, and on July 4, 1776, a

Declaration of Independence, drawn up by Thomas Jefferson of

Virginia, was adopted by the colonial congress. At the same time

Articles of Confederation were drawn up and submitted to the people.

These Articles had for their purpose the organization of a "Confederation and Perpetual Union between the States."This was, in

modern terms, a "league"between thirteen independent American states.

This Confederation met with many difficulties. Each state was

sovereign within its own boundaries, and as each had its own commercial and political interests, there were serious conflicts. Some

wanted free trade, and others prohibitive duties. Some wanted slaves;

others were opposed to that kind of labor. The debt incurred by the

revolution caused heated discussions. Some states negotiated treaties

with foreign countries, while the Confederation itself was without standing and credit abroad. It went so far that the opponents of the

Confederation gloried in the evident failure of the new experiment in popular government, and predicted the dissolution of the Union. The

situation became so critical that Congress in 1787 decided to issue an invitation to all the states to send delegates to a convention, to meet at Philadelphia on the second Monday of May, 1787, for the purpose of amending the Articles of Confederation and strengthen the Union.

The response was not, to begin with, encouraging. On May

14, the day set for meeting, too few states were represented to transact

*An address in the 12th13th Ward on Washington's Birthday, Feb. 22, 1925.

406 IMPROVEMENT ERA

business. On May 25, seven of the 13 states were represented, and

that was a majority. George Washington was then elected president

of the convention, and when this momentous assembly was ready for work, it was proposed that "a government of the United States be established, consisting of a supreme legislature, executive, and judiciary,"and this resulted in the forming of the Constitution of the

United States, adopted September 17, 1787.

The government founded on this Constitution is, as we all know, a democracy. That is, all power is vested in the people, and

those who govern derive their authority from the people and exercise that they understand their position the authority—if correctly—as

servants of the people.

But the government is, furthermore, a representative democracy, and that fact we sometimes lose sight of. Since it is impractical in a

large state for all the citizens to come together in one lawmaking assembly, or sit as judges on every case that may come up, and since every citizen does not possess the information and training necessary to make laws, or to execute them, or to interpret them, they can exercise the sovereign authority vested in them only by selecting representative men and women who have the necessary qualifications to attend to this public business for them. Those so elected are the

representatives of the people, and therefore we call the government a representative government.

But that means also, that when the citizens have attended to the election, which they should always do conscientiously and faithfully, then that ends their duty and responsibility as far as governing is concerned. All further responsibility, authority or duty is delegated to

the representatives, and these should be left unhampered and receive approbation and support, as long as they do their duty well. But if

they fail, and prove themselves unworthy of public confidence, then the citizens should exercise their sovereignty and remove them by the ballot or other legal procedure.

When we build a house or a ship and agree with the builder about the construction, we leave the matter in his hands, but in matters of government we sometimes ignore, or forget this, and so it happens sometimes, that when a legislature, for instance, is in session, individual members are hounded, as it were, by persons outside without legal authority, who urge them to introduce this and that measure, and sometimes societies and clubs exert pressure upon legislators for special interests, and the result is seen in laws and ordinances by the hundreds, which are passed, although they are absolutely valueless and remain a dead letter on the books.

All this is wrong. It is destructive of representative government.

It is one of the dangers against which the watchmen on the towers should sound a warning, whenever necessary.

OUR CONSTITUTION AND GOVERNMENT 40 7

Inspired of God The next point to note is that the great instruments of human liberty, on which this government is built, were inspired by our heavenly Father himself.

On this great truth let me read a few lines in Doc. and Cov.

101:7680, and let me say, this revelation was given through the

Prophet Joseph Smith in the year 1833, when the Saints in Missouri had been driven and scattered and were exposed to untold sufferings during a cold winter. The Lord, through his prophet, told the

Saints: "Importune for redress, and redemption, by the hands of those who are placed as rulers, and are in authority over you, according to the laws and constitution of the people which I have suffered to be established, and should be maintained for the rights and protection of all flesh, according to just and holy principles * * * * therefore, it is not right that any man should be in bondage one to another. And for this purpose have I

established the constitution of this land, by the hands of wise men whom I raised up unto this very purpose, and redeemed the land by the shedding of blood."Here we are expressly told that the Lord not only "suffered"the laws and constitution of the United States to be written, but that he himself established the constitution. It was God, who raised up such

men as George Washington, Thomas Jefferson, Benjamin Franklin,

Alexander Hamilton, and their associates, for the very purpose of breaking the chains of bondage and establishing individual liberty.

They were the instruments in hisi hands to do this particular work.

America is, in a particular sense, God's country, just as Palestine was, and still is, as will be evident in the future. The country was

for centuries hidden from the rest of the world, until the time came for the curtain to be raised, by the voyages of Columbus and others, and then, when the time came, the standard of human liberty was ensign to all nations.unfurled—an

But let us not forget, that the great movement, which culminated in the war for independence and the constitution of the United States, did not begin here on this continent. Let us remember that the fundamental principles embodied in that magnificent document were brought

here by the pilgrim fathers from Great Britain and Holland, and by others who followed in their footsteps. A great deal of preparatory work

had been done by such men as Wycliffe and Tyndale and their heroic followers in Great Britain and on the European continent; by John

Huss, the Bohemian, who, like Tyndale, was burned at the stake for his faith; by Luther, Melanchton, Carlstadt in Germany, by Calvin,

the French reformer, and Zwingli, the Swiss defender of the truth, as he saw it; by Savonarola, the Italian martyr; and then by the Waldenses, Albigenses, by the martyred Colligny and the Huguenots, by

Lollards, Mennonites, and others who lived and suffered for the principles of human liberty, not to forget the great hero from the 408 IMPROVEMENT ERA

north, Gustavus Adolphus, who, at the battle of Luetzen in 1832, gave his life for the liberty of mankind. All this work, all this conflict

and seeming chaos in the history of the world, was but preparatory to the great results of which we have become the beneficiaries. It was

the crushing, the mixing, the cutting and grinding, the polishing and fitting, of the material needed for this grand structure that we may call our home.

Now let us ask: what was the purpose of God in this great work?

Was it intended for the benefit of only a small part of the human family? No, to suppose that would be a serious mistake. The Jews

fell into that error and became so wrapped up in themselves that they lost sight of the mission entrusted to them, and their policy was therefore broken up and they, themselves, were scattered to the four winds. The Lord, in the revelation just read, tells us the purpose of his

great work. He says that the laws and constitution of America were

established "for the rights and protection of all flesh, according to just and holy principles."Note, "all flesh,"that is God's purpose with

regard to this government, whatever the purpose of man may be. And

I think that must have been the divine ideal to which President

Woodrow Wilson sought to give a tangible form, when he delineated a United States of the World after the divinely inspired pattern of the

United States of America. He, however, was misunderstood. The

time for the realization of that vision, although given to all prophets of God from the beginning of the world, had not yet come. But it

will come. This country is God's country, and its government, as

outlined in the constitution, is God's government. But the whole

earth belongs to our Lord Jesus Christ. He is its Creator and its

Redeemer. And when the plan of salvation was formed, God said

to him: "Thou art my son; this day have I begotten thee. Ask

of me, and I shall give thee the heathen for thine inheritance, and the uttermost parts of the earth for thy possession."(Psalm 2:7, 8.)

The earth, then, is the Lord's and the fulness thereof, no matter who claims it, and eventually the principles of the divinelyinspired American government will extend to all parts of it, as the little stone in the dream of Nebuchadnezzar.

The very fact that the Lord established his Church here, and made provisions for the preaching of the gospel to all nations, is evidence of his purpose to make this form of government universal; for

wherever the gospel of Christ is accepted and carried out, there the brotherhood of man under the celestial law of equality is a real ideal and at least a potential actuality.

Now then, it becomes the duty of every true Latterday Saint to study our fundamental law and the government founded on it, and to guard and defend our constitutional institutions against assaults from within and without. The Prophet Joseph at one time said the

time would come when the constitution would be in danger, and that,

OUR CONSTITUTION AND GOVERNMENT 409

if it be saved at all, it will be by the elders of this Church. (Orson

Hyde, Journal of Discourses, Vol. 6, p. 152.) This, then, is part

of our mission. Party politics may be more or less important. The

Prophet once declared:

"I wish to be let alone, that I may attend strictly to the spiritual welfare of the Church."History of the Church, Vol. 5, p. 259.

And on another occasion he said:

"In relation to national matters, I want it to go abroad unto the world that every man should stand on his own merits. The Lord has not given

me a revelation concerning politics. I have not asked him for one. I am

a third party and stand independent and alone. I desire to see all parties

protected in their rights."History of the Church, Vol. 5, p. 526.

But on the constitution itself, its divine origin and purpose, we have revelation. And by sustaining it and all constitutional laws, and

by sustaining the goverment in all that is in accordance with those laws, and with truth, justice and righteousness, we are hastening the coming of the universal reign of Jesus Christ, the Prince of Peace, the King of kings and the Lord of lords.

Holding Your Overcoat I would hold your coat when 'twas time to go

On those first cool evenings of early Fall;

It was my joy to serve you so You were the king and I was the thrall.

All the early evening / would command,

In my queenly power I would gloat:

"Take me out to hear the band!"

"Kiss my eyes!""Dear, kiss my hand!"

But at parting time I would meekly stand

Holding your overcoat.

And I would think, while standing there, "Three days must pass e'er you come again;

Three days before I can kiss your hair;

Three days of longing; three days of pain!"

Then the coat that I held seemed very dear;

I kissed the band that caressed the throat,

The turnedup collar that touched the ear, your heart would be beating here! The breast—ah,

When I was far, it would be near,

So I kissed your overcoat.

You were so tall, you must bend toward me;

I must reach as high as I could, tiptoe;

Then I would whisper, "How will you reward me

For this hard service, before you go?"

You would turn to me, serious, though your eyes were gay.

And all unsmiling, you'd gravely say, "Love, I have nothing with which to pay."

Yet I was in debt, when you went away,

For holding your overcoat!

Salt Lake City, Utah OLIVE F. WOOLEY BURT.

THE PIONEER USE OF ELECTRICITY

IN UTAH* By Dr. Richard R. Lyman, Consulting Civil Engineer, And

Member of the Council of Twelve Apostles

Benjamin Franklin, the beginning of things electrical in the United

States, has been dead but one hundred and thirtyfive years. It was

eightynine years after the death of Franklin, or fortysix years ago tonight, that with the invention by Edison of the first successful incandescent lamp, modern electrical development began. Swift hasbeen the progress. Electric lights have dispelled darkness, and by use

of the electric motor man is able to take on the strength of a giant.

He goes by submarine into the depths of the ocean, and by aeroplane into the skies. By the use of electricity, moving pictures bring us

information from every part of the world. The electric motor, with

lightninglike speed, takes us underground, through the subways of great cities. By means of x-rays, electricity enables us to explore the

human body, while by radio and telephone it carries our voices thousands of miles.

The telegraph, the telephone, electric lights, electric railways, automobiles, flying machines, and the radio, all came to Utah early.

In 1 844 the world was stirred by the miracle of the telegraph.

The first message was sent between Baltimore and Washington by

Morse himself.

During the Civil War, on Oct. 18, 1861, when the telegraph

line across the continent to Salt Lake City was completed, President

Brigham Young wired: "Utah has not seceded, but is firm for the

Constitution and laws of our once happy country."The charge for

messages of ten words to New York then was $7.50, as against 90c

today. In December, 1866, the line was opened for business with

Ogden, and soon afterward with Brigham City and Logan.

As early as 1878, but two years after the invention of the telephone, there were two instruments in Utah, one in Salt Lake City, the other at Fort Douglas. Our first exchange was opened in Ogden

in the fall of 1880, four years after the first telephone was made.

In the spring of 1881 an exchange was built in Salt Lake City.

In the early 90's, a woman, still in the employ of the Telephone

Company, put up between Logan and Nephi jthe first through connection, over which a successful conversation was held. Our

Telephone Company has had the vision and the material forces to keep pace with the growth of this inland empire. Advancing, building

*An address delivered by radio on "Electric Night,"October 21, 1925, at a national celebration, sponsored by General Electric, in honor of Thomas A. Edison,

for his greatest contribution to incandescent lamp, 46th anniversary. mankind—the

PIONEER USE OF ELECTRICITY IN UTAH 411

improving, it has anticipated the demand for its service. Today it is

the ally of every enterprise, the connecting link in all our business and social life. In Utah there is one telephone for every five people;

elsewhere in the United States, one for every seven. There is hardly

a settlement here that cannot be reached by telephone.

The history of streetcar, of lighting, and of power companies in

Salt Lake City dates back to 1872, when the Salt Lake City Railroad

Company was organized. In 1888, when electricity was substituted

for mule power, the company employed thirty men. Fourteen cars

were in operation, using eightyfour mules.

While electric street cars were first used in Richmond, Virginia, and in Cleveland, Ohio, in 1888, Salt Lake City followed very quickly, changing to the electric system in 1890.

Located in the tops of the mountains, with many canyon streams,

Utah has been a leader in the development of electrical energy from water power. In 1893 the Pioneer Electric Plant, located in Ogden

Canyon, was worldfamous. Its power line of 38 miles to Salt Lake

City was the longest, and its voltage, 16,000, the greatest of any power line in the world. Utah was the first to run alternating current

power plants widely separated, as Cottonwood and Ogden, '"in parallel;"that is, to connect them so as to feed power into the same

line.

As early as 1897 the first commercial transmission line in the country to operate at so high a used to voltage—40,000—was

distribute energy from the Provo Canyon plant. Since that time an

adequate supply of hydroelectric energy has been available over wide areas for lighting cities and towns, operating irrigation pumping plants, and developing industries. Electrical service has been made

available to a greater percentage of the farms of Utah than to those of any other state. According to the census of 1920, over thirtyfour

per cent of the Utah farms received electrical service, while seven per cent is the average for the country. It is said further that Utah has a higher

percentage of farm homes served with electricity than has any other

State.

Consider for a moment how large is the part, yes, how indispensable is the part that electricity plays in modern civilization. This

will appear especially remarkable if you remember that the first central district lighting station which Edison himself built began operating in New York City as recently as Sept 4, 1882. That plant started

with but fiftynine customers, and these were so skeptical that they had to be furnished with free service for a period of five months. The

electric light, a curiosity a generation ago, was looked upon with wonder and awe.

While electricity is used in practically all the mining operations of Utah, all coal in this State is mined by its power. Electrical

machines drive small pick points into the coal. The shots are fired by

means of electricity. The coal is loaded into small cars which are

412 IMPROVEMENT ERA

brought together by electric locomotives and hauled to the surface by electric hoists. Electric loading machines are displacing hand shoveling.

Every underground worker carries on his cap an electric battery lamp.

Under modern electric processes, explosive gases in coal mines can be ignited only if mine regulations are disregarded. Telephones are in

daily use, and electric signals control the movement of cars, hoists, and locomotives. Mines are lighted by electricity, and electric motors drive

screens which prepare the coal for market. Special electric machines

load the coal into box cars without hand labor.

Utah is recognized as one of the leaders in the manufacture of radio loud speaking units. The demand for these products has developed here a four million dollar business which employs five hundred

men.

At night the principal streets of our city are a flood of light.

Our "Great White Way"has transformed the darkness of night into the light of day. It looks as if the time had come when all people

must have faith as a grain of mustard seed, for the miraculous developments of the electrical industry are such that nothing seems impossible.

My Boy

Who is it makes me wait and wait

For letters that are always late?

It's my boy, my boy!

I know he loves me, always did,

But under a bushel he keeps it hid,

Does my boy, my boy So when in hand his pen he takes,

A memory, surprising, wakes In my boy, my boy!

He scribbles off a page or two

Of why he he's through, didn't—then

Is my boy, my boy!

He doesn't run a single bluff,

He states his case, and that's enough

For my boy, my boy!

The tender words with which to cope

Are useless stuff for me to hope

From my boy, my boy!

I know he isn't built that way

To say the things he'd like to say,

That boy, my boy!

But in my heart the springs of joy

Are filled with love for that dear boy

And, while I'd like to have him write

A letter oft when out of sight,

I'll take for granted all he'd say,

And never doubt, but always pray

For my boy, dear boy!

Salt Lake City. HATTIE JENSEN.

A GARLAND OF VERSE Little Things

Outlined in clear and perfect grace,

The maple sees her pictured face.

In flecks of gold and gleams of red,

Soft fall the leaves from overhead

Upon the still pool's level floor.

Wave after wave will seek the shore;

So faint the dimpling rims go by

They might escape a watchful eye;

And yet these tiny ceaseless shocks

Will undermine the solid rocks.

They firmly stood when torrents raved,

The earthquake's shock, the lightning braved,

To these succumb, and mutely grieves

To yield to foemen such as leaves.

And little plants beneath have grown

And overturned a mighty stone Opened a path for wind and rain

That lastly split the mount in twain.

A footprint one could scarce descry

Has caused a noble chief to die.

A sight, a song, a woman's tears

May echo for a thousand years.

At war with everything but God and truth

Man has stood firmer than the granite cliffs.

Noble, heroic in disaster's deadliest hour;

To save his honor, and for virtue's sake,

The love of freedom and the love of God,

Man launched his frail ships on a shoreless sea,

Crossed unknown rivers; plunged into the shades

Of pathless forests where all fears abound

Serpents and savages, disease and death;

Nor turned he back, nor lowered his proud crest.

Routed the plains, buried beloved dead

And with high faith left them to God's good care.

Performed prodigious labors undismayed.

Divided his last loaf with one in need

And gloried in his powers to endure.

Turned not aside for gold nor woman's lure.

Scorning the weakness of common men.

up to GodHis own approval—looking

For ultimate reward of everything.

But when these storms were past he sat him down

At ease, in peace; and in the marts of trade,

By small decrees insensibly he came

To grind the shrinking faces of the poor;

To filch from labor its small recompense,

Appropriating what endeavor earned 414 IMPROVEMENT ERA

To swell his coffers with a golden tide.

For deprivations in the time gone past,

Felt he had earned indulgence; ate and drank

The things accursed of God, darkened his mind.

Lusted for power; which, won in devious ways,

And striking hands with sly and wicked men

He used perforce improperly; and his example led

A host of youths to follow in his steps,

Lured by the story of his noble past.

He tolerated sneers at sacred things,

Until he scarcely knew what he believed

And was ashamed to speak in its defense.

He lost his all because of little things,

Compared with what he once endured—withstood,

As gnat stings are beside the thunder bolt;

Yet wreck the souls of well intentioned men.

Salt Lake City ELLEN L. JAKEMAN

The Greatest Prize

Ye Saints of God, awake and hasten

For coming changes to prepare.

The hand of love that guides must chasten

Those who shall know his sovereign care,

All who his grace and peace shall share,

Shall worldly greed for wealth and station

Corrupt our hearts and dim our sight?

We who have seen the gospel light

The power of God unto salvation?

Awake, ye Saints—arise

To conquer sin and strife matchless prize And win the great—the

Of Life—Eternal Life!

And shall we rise as Christ hath risen

To life and light and endless day.

While myriad hosts in spirit prison

Remain in darkness and dismay?

No! he hath taught the truth, the way,

And as we learn the gospel story,

How he, the Lamb, was sacrificed,

We for the dead will be baptized

That they with us may see his glory;

That they, with us, may rise, Redeemed from death and strife,

And gain the royal prize great—the

Of Life! Life—Eternal

While nations war in futile blindness,

Debauched and with wine. drunken—not

O! Saints, our light of love and kindness

Must through our good works bravely shine,

Till others, seeing, fall in line

And glorify the Lord descending

A GARLAND OF VERSE 4 15

Upon the earth to rule and reign,

Triumphant over death and pain,

His own receiving and commending.

Then shall the just arise, And freed from sin and strife,

Obtain the greatest prizefirst—the

Life! Life—Life—Eternal

Salt Lake City LULA GREENE RICHARDS

Our Savior

Christ went so quietly upon his way,

Yet knowing still The bitter anguish of that coming day

On Calvary's hill.

He went so quietly about his work,

So much to do;

Toiling for those who scoffed, he did not shirk,

Though followed few.

There were the sick to heal, the blind and lame,

The dead to raise;

There was repentance to be cried; God's name

To lift in praise.

Day after day, in patient, quiet mood,

He worked for all, Knowing full well the shadow of the rood

On him would fall.

Ah! we who know no sad oncoming fate,

Yet fret and fear.

Let us our Savior's pattern contemplate.

Till faith appear!

Murray, Utah MAUD CHEGWIDDEN

The Turn in the Road

There always comes a turn in the road,

Somehow, somewhere, someday, Tho'years seem long and hours seem void,

And sombre has grown the way.

When you have reached the crest of the hill

That you found so hard to climb.

Have you not attained to a broader view.

And to sun of a gladder shine?

You who are braving the stress of time,

And graciously bear your load,

Tho* rough to your feet may be the trail.

Watch for the turn in the road.

*16 IMPROVEMENT ERA

And when you come to the turn in the road,

You will find an unlatched gate

That shall swing awide at your lightest touch,

If your soul knows naught of hate.

Be mindful then, of the turn in the road

It leads to where heaven's blue

Is bright with a galaxy of stars,

Awaiting to welcome you.

Provo, Utah Grace ingle frost

March

Oh, March, wonderful month of promise!

Within thy gaunt trees are cradled uncounted baby buds, eager to burst forth into lives of service and of beauty.

Under thy myriad pools and patches of old snow;lics the moist,

brown body of Earth, silently nurturing innumerable seeds, bulbs, plants and living things; all waiting breathlessly for the magic words of April

"Grow and Increase."

From far off uncharted spaces come thy winds—-March winds—with

their wonderful whispering, as they shake the bare trees into life. They also

shake my soul, and arouse it to climb to the highest there is in me.

As in the wind's cadences, I hear voices of a past, where once I dwelt, and sweet murmurings of a future sphere, where I yet may rise to the pinnacle of the best, with the assurance that all my tears, my strivings, my regrets, have not been in vain.

Oh, March, month of wonderful promise; golden step from drab, bleak

Winter to pulsing beauteous Spring! Let me learn -thy lesson and take up

too, may grow and increase.my cross again—I,

Salt Lake City A. O. NUTTER

Greetings to Loved Ones at Home

On a calm and peaceful night, Days may come and days may go,

While the stars are shining bright; Heart will thrill and tears may flow,

Is it strange that I should dream. As I think of what I owe

When so far away? To my Mother dear.

Dream of happy days of yore, She who taught me what to be;

Dream of joys forevermore, And to pray with bended knee,

Dream of those on yonder shore, "Rock of Ages cleft for me,"

And dreaming. I should say: To you these words of cheer.

Refrain Nor shall I e'er blinded be has been to me,Give my love to Mother, To what Dad he toiled unceasingly Give my love to Dad, How

Sister and to Brother; Strong my stay to be.

Let your hearts be glad. I have watched him struggle on

Loving friends and neighbors. Days so long, until he won.

I remember, too I will be your own true son, all eternity.And to home and loved ones, Through

All my love to you.

Esbjerg, Denmark R. MlCHELSEN.

THE COMPACT By J. Arthur Horne

Of late Mrs. Rogers'face had worn a worried look. A strong

odor of tobacco filled the room whenever her stalwart son was present.

Twice she had actually seen him at a distance with a cigarette between his lips. For a long time he tried to hide from his mother the fact that

he smoked, accounting for the tobacco smell about his clothes by reminding her that most of the men in the railroad office where he worked were heavy smokers. One morning at the breakfast table she

took him to task about it.

"Seymour,"she said, "it seems almost incredible to me that with such a father as you had, you could have adopted a habit so distasteful to to me. In his labors in the bishopric he strove above him—and

everything else to impress upon the boys of the ward the importance of keeping clean; he almost dedicated his life to that end."Her son

stared down at the plate for a moment in silence. She felt that he

was ashamed of his actions and determined if possible to make him confess it. While she waited for his answer she sipped slowly from

her cup of fragrant coffee. Finally he raised his eyes and looked

directly into hers.

"Mother,"he said, "does smoking really seem so bad to you?

Some of the finest men we know are heavy smokers. The leading

men in most of our business institutions and in our government, too, are users of tobacco."

"But not in our Church,"she returned quickly.

"And why not in our Church?"he came back.

"Because God has forbidden it,"she replied.

"Where do you get that?"he asked innocently enough.

"In the Word of Wisdom, to be sure."

"And is that all the Word of Wisdom mentions?"he persisted.

She looked startled for a moment and set down her cup of coffee rather hastily.

"No, it mentions strong drinks, too."

"Anything else?"he went on relentlessly, a flash of amusement

in his dark handsome eyes.

"Oh, I know what you are driving at, tea and coffee, I know they are meant when it says 'hot drinks.'Surely, my son, you would not

put tea and coffee on a plane with liquor, would you?"

"And why not?"he asked. "Are they not listed together?"

He folded his napkin and rose from the table. "Mother,"he said

earnestly, "I'll tell you what I'll do; you give up your coffee and I'll

give up my tobacco."She was stunned. He put on his hat and coat

and, coming over to her, kissed her lightly on the cheek. For a

420 IMPROVEMENT ERA

moment he hung over her chair evidently waiting for her promise, but she looked up at him with a hurt expression on her face and allowed him to leave without committing herself. A triumphant

smile curled his lips as he opened the door and went out. Mrs.

Rogers sat for some time staring moodily across the table, then arose and poured herself another cup of coffee. Twice she raised the cup

to her lips and set it down again untouched. Then she smiled and

raising it to her mouth for the third time drank it with evident relish, as though it had almost been snatched away from her. "Perhaps

smoking is not the worst sin in the world, after all,"she mused, "for just as he said, many of our greatest men are addicted to the habit."But this twist in her attitude left her decidedly uneasy

in mind.

Her son, the only child of her short married life was all in all to her. She had watched him grow to manhood clean and straight

and pure, interested in Sunday school, in Mutual, and in his quorum duties. It was when he left business college and entered the office of the

railroad that he began to pull away from his early training.

For some time after the conversation above referred to things had gone on about as usual in the Rogers'household. However, Mrs.

Rogers found herself going to meeting more and more often alone. At

first Seymour had merely made some excuse or other for not accompanying her. But later he spent his Sunday mornings in bed and the

balance of the day away from home. At last she questioned him

about this.

"How is it, Seymour, that you do not care to go to Sunday

School or Mutual any more?"He stood before the mirror adjusting

his tie. "I suppose, Mother,"he answered, turning to face her, his hands still busy with the tie, "it's because so many of those sanctimonious saints talk about tobacco. They'd faint at sight of a cigarette,

but wouldn't hesitate to squeeze the last nickle out of a poor widow for rent or the payment of a store bill."

"I think that is hardly true, Seymour, for you know there is no kinderhearted man living than Bishop Johns or the Harper brothers."

He turned to face the mirror again a bit impatiently.

"I have no quarrel with any of the Church people; they're as

good as any in the world, no doubt, but are they any better?"

"Yes, I think they are,"she returned thoughtfully, laying aside the book she had been reading when the conversation began, "because they live for others as well as themselves."

"Just the same,"he told her, "I'm going where they don't make me feel that they are better than I."With that he left the room,

slamming the door behind him. Mrs. Rogers felt helpless to meet

the situation.

Again and again her son's proposal recurred to her, but she

THE COMPACT 421

could not bring herself to give up her coffee. It seemed like taking

all the joy out of life to think of a meal without tea or coffee. She

resented her son's attitude and felt that it was unjust; he was shifting

his responsibilities onto her shoulders, making her accountable for his sins. She had expected him to be more manly than that. Her

coffee was not an offence to him, but his tobacco was an offence to her; there was that difference. Had he asked her to give up her

theatres or wear less expensive clothes, she would have taken him up in a minute, but to give up her was too much. coffee—that

She saw her son drawing farther and farther away from her. He

seldom spent an evening at home any more, and was often grouchy at the breakfast table. Those breakfasts together had been the supreme

joy of her life all through his high school and college days and during his first years at his work. The two had been so chummy and companionable but of late breakfast had become almost unbearable. If she

should lose her son she knew that life would hold little to interest her.

She determined to inquire a little more into his conduct.

"Seymour,"she said one night as he was about to leave the house, "where do you spend your evenings?"

"You wouldn't know if I should tell you."he answered gruffly.

"Why wouldn't I?"she demanded.

"Because you've never been there,"was his curt answer. She

drew him gently to the big leather rocker and mildly pressed him into it, then she seated herself on its arm as she used to a long do—such

time ago. She laid her hand on his darkbrown hair, stroking it back

from his smooth white forehead.

"What do you mean, my boy?"she said in an anxious voice.

"Surely you are not associating?"But the sentence ended in with—

a little choking sob which she tried in vain to suppress. He arose

from the chair brushing her aside almost roughly.

"No, of course not. You don't understand, Mother. If I am to

advance in railroad work I have to stand in with the fellows who are over me. They despise sissies. Remember, I have already had two

promotions in less than a year. The fellows all like me and will do

anything they can to help me along. All the big fellows go to

cabarettes and other places of amusement where I go."

"Why not take me with you sometime? Often a mother can

do more than any one else to advance the interests of her son,"she said eagerly.

"Oh, you wouldn't care for the frivolous parties we have."

"And why wouldn't I?"she clung on desperately. She felt that

he had almost slipped from her grasp and the next minute would see him swallowed up in darkness.

"I don't think you'd like the girls very much."

"Are they bad girls?"

422 IMPROVEMENT ERA

"Oh, no, only some of them smoke a little."

"O Seymour,"she cried reproachfully. She placed her hands on

his forearms and with anxious, sorrowing eyes, looked up into his still handsome face. "Surely you cannot think that such companions

will promote your business interests. It is a trick of the evil one

to draw you away with silken cords until he can bind you with heavy chains. Stop! before it is too late."

"Piffle,"he said, and jerking away from her, left the house abruptly.

Mrs. Rogers threw herself into a chair and sobbed bitterly. "O

God in heaven,"she cried, "is this the end? Has my baby boy, my

son, my pride and joy, sunk to the level of the street? What will

his father say when I meet him on the other side? Will he hold me

blameless? I wonder if I am too late now to make the compact with

him."She dried her eyes, new hope springing up in her heart. "Oh,

I hope I am not too late. Father above, give me strength. I'll do

anything to save my boy."

That night Seymour did not come home from work at his usual hour. She waited an hour longer, then telephoned to the office. "I

1 believe he joined some of the boys on a motor trip,"came the answer over the wire. "They were planning to go up one of the canyons

this afternoon."A feeling of uneasiness seized her. She could

eat nothing of their dinner, now grown cold, and set the things away without touching a bite. She walked from room to room,

gazing ceaselessly out of the windows into the darkened street and listening anxiously for the approach of every footfall she heard on the pavement, but they all died off into the distance.

About ten o'clock the telephone rang. She took down the receiver with trembling fingers. "Hello, is this Mrs. Rogers?"a strange

voice asked.

"Yes,"she said.

"This is the County Hospital. Your son has been injured

in an automobile accident. Could you come at once?"She almost

flew about putting on her wraps. Before many minutes had passed

she was on her way to the hospital. When she announced her name

to the head nurse, she was conducted at once to the operating room where the house doctor was putting the finishing touches to some bandages about Seymour's head. She wanted to throw her arms at

once about her boy, but the nurse held her back.

"He is still under the influence of the anaesthetic; he would not

recognize you,"she said. The doctor turned from finishing his task

and looked at her.

"Do you wish to have him removed to one of the other hospitals?"he asked. "His wounds, though serious, are not necessarily

dangerous, if no infection sets in."

"If I could arrange to keep him here I would much prefer not

THE COMPACT 42 3

to move him,"she said. And so it was that Seymour remained where

he was, being assigned to a room on the third floor of the building.

She sat by his side until he recovered from the anaesthetic. She did

not realize until that moment the marked change in the features of her son the last few years had wrought. He opened his eyes and

stared at her a moment in bewilderment. His pale lips moved.

"Mother,"he murmured feebly. She put her hands over his as

it lay on the counterpane and he closed his eyes again. "So good of

you to come,"he went on in a scarcely audible voice. This hurt her.

Was he so far estranged from her that he considered it a kindness on her part to come and see him lying wounded in a hospital? The

hot tears burned in her eyes but she winked them back. The nurse

came in. "I think you might better go home and get some rest, Mrs. Rogers,"

the nurse advised. "He's too weak to talk and your presence might

induce him to attempt an explanation of the accident. Come tomorrow afternoon and I think you will find him much better."She

accepted the advice and returned to her home.

The next morning in the papers she read a full account of the gay motor party which had ended so disastrously. "A bottle of

moonshine and two empty flasks were found in the wrecked car,"the officers stated, adding that this was evidently the cause of the accident.

The writer of the article spared no one, but gave a list of the names and addresses of all the participants. It seemed to Mrs. Rogers that

her humiliation was complete. She could almost feel the eyes of

the boy's father looking at her reproachfully. How could she go

to meetings in the ward now? How could she hold up her head

again among the good sisters of the Relief Society? It was a very

humble woman who wended her way to the hospital that afternoon.

She found Seymour still very weak and persuaded him to remain quiet until she should visit him again about seven o'clock that evening.

It was then that he told her the full details. "I advised Blake to cut

out the liquor,"he said, "but the fool would have it; said the girls

would have a lot more pep and dash with a shot or two of moonshine inside of them. The whole bunch got stewed and the next

thing I knew they were bringing me into this hospital."Much more

he told her which need not concern us here. She could not tell

from his recital whether he felt any sense of humiliation over the affair or not. When the visiting hour was up she took her departure.

It was several days before she spoke to him about the subject that lay nearest her heart. "Seymour,"she said as she took his hand

in both of hers, "do you remember telling me one morning at the breakfast table that if I would give up my coffee you would give up your tobacco? Would you do that now?"

"Mother,"he returned, "I'm not worth much but there is one never break my word. If you think I'mthing left in my character—I

424 IMPROVEMENT ERA

worth the effort we'll make that compact now."She leaned over the

bed and pressed his lips with such a kiss as only a mother can give.

"To seal the compact,"she said. She left the hospital that

afternoon with the lightest heart she had known for a long time.

She found upon her arrival home a letter in the mailbox addressed to her son. It was from the railroad office where he worked.

She took the letter in and laid it on the table, but she picked it up several times. Somehow it seemed a foreboding of evil. She feared to

take it to her son in his weakened condition. Finally she decided

to open it and see if it contained anything of importance. She took

from the envelope a check for three hundred and fifty dollars, and a letter which read: "The unfortunate episode in which you figured

recently, coupled with the fact that your work in this office has been very much below the high standard we require, has made it necessary to dispense with your services. We are handing you herewith a check

for two month's salary which we think will provide for you until you can get located in some other position."Mrs. Rogers crushed

the letter in her hands and, sinking into a chair beside the table, bowed her head in grief over the crumpled sheet. She sat for a long time

thus, then she arose, weak and trembling, and going to the cupboard took out the coffee pot and set it on the range. She poured into it

some hot water from the tea kettle and then added a tablespoonful of ground coffee. She did all this mechanically.

"How will he ever stand this blow,"she kept repeating over and over to herself. When the coffee came to a boil she poured some

of it into a cup and set it on the table. She sweetened it with sugar

and poured in a bit of cream. She drew up a chair and prepared to

seek what comfort she could from this source. She raised the steaming beverage to her lips, then she thought of her compact. It was

like a blow in the face. No, this consolation was now denied her.

She looked at the cup with eager longing eyes. Perhaps this once

be stronger then. She raised the cup once more to herwouldn'tit—she wouldmatter. In the morning it would be easier to abstain from

lips. Something arrested her hand, almost like a voice speaking to her

came the words: "Perhaps Seymour, too, will want to seek consolation

in a cigar or cigarette."She looked about the room guiltily. Quickly

she set down the cup. "No,"she said closing her lips firmly, "the

compact must not be broken."She rose abruptly from the table and

cleared away the things. Never in her whole life had she experienced

such a craving for her favorite beverage. She went to bed, hoping

to forget her craving in slumber, but all the long night through no sleep touched her eyelids. In the morning she rose, weak and weary;

and the temptation to break her compact became almost unbearable.

A great fear came over her that she would not be able to keep faith with her son. Again like a voice speaking, came words to her,

"Why don't you pray?"Without loss of a moment she went into

THE COMPACT 425

her bedroom and knelt down in fervent prayer. She arose from her

knees feeling much less depressed. She went immediately into the

kitchen and dumped the contents of the coffee pot into the sink. She

boiled an egg, but ate only a mouthful; it seemed dry and tasteless

without her usual cup of coffee. Her head ached violently. At noon

1 seized her and she went about hershe fared no better. A dizziness

household tasks like one in a daze. In the afternoon she went as

usual to the hospital, but said nothing to Seymour about the letter.

"You look worried, Mother,"he said in greeting. "Did you

go without your cup of coffee this morning?"

"Of course,"she assured him. "You haven't been smoking, have

you? '"I should say not,"he replied with spirit. "But you, why, you

dear, brave, little mother; I didn't think you could live without your

cup of coffee."

"It is hard, Seymour,"she confessed, "I had no idea it would be so bad. If you find it equally as hard to break off smoking, I

pity you.""You poor little mother, I'll release you right now from your part of the compact and I'll quit smoking, too."She shook her

head. "When you come home, Seymour, you'll find no coffee at our house."For days and days her struggle went on. She was irritable and

moody and her nights were spent in fitful slumber. It told visibly

on her appearance; she grew thin and pale under the strain. Only her

faith in God kept her up. The heart of her son was torn with pity

for her. He pleaded with her to give up her part of the compact.

"Not for a minute,"shesaid in answer to his entreaties, "other women have struggled through it, and I'm just as brave as they are."

At last the day came when Seymour was released from the hospital and came home with her. It was then she allowed him to read

the letter from the railroad office. He read it through several times

in silence. "I guess they're right, Mother,"he said smiling ruefully.

"I've been all kinds of a fool, and this is no more than I deserve.

It's hard when I had built up such hopes for my future there, and since we made the compact I determined I'd show Mr. Marshall the hardest

working man he'd ever laid eyes on. All the advancement we make

at the office is on the basis of length of service. It takes years of

steady employment to get anywhere with a railroad. Now all my

seniority has been swept away. When I begin again anywhere I'll

have to start at the bottom, with probably not more than half the salary I was getting there. How shall I provide properly for you

now? For answer she came and sat beside him and laid her hand

caressingly on his head.

"Seymour, I don't care anything for fine clothes or parties or 426 IMPROVEMENT ERA

either, if I can have my boy back again like he was before.or—coffee,

I feel sorry for you losing your position, for your sake but not for mine.""I know, Mother, you're a brick, but I never want to see you have to go to church like poor old Mrs. Bradley in her faded coat

and funny little hat."

"What does it matter how we are dressed, if we keep God's commandments?"

"It matters this much, Mother, that nobody is counted anything even in our Church, unless they have money."

"I know,"she admitted, "that there are many in our Church who cater to money, but I hardly think God measures our worth by the size of our purse. I shall count this accident of your9 and

the loss of your position a great blessing even if we "have to go through poverty and distress, if out of it there emerges a pure unsullied youth of Zion, worthy to be called his father's son. It has taught me a

lesson, too, for I never realized what a blind and selfish woman I was until you showed me."He reached up and put his hand over her

mouth. "I cannot stand to hear such words as blind and selfish applied to my mother, even from her own lips,"he said. "I certainly

would be a heartless son if I could witness the brave fight you have put up and not keep my part of the compact. Sunday we will go to

church."That Seymour was having a struggle too, she had no doubt, for she heard him sigh at sight of a passing workman smoking a pipe;

and when the plumber came to fix the taps, Seymour hastily left the room when the fellow took out a cigarette to light it. Another

time they were on the sidewalk, the man ahead of them was smoking, and Seymour contrived some excuse to delay them until the man had passed from sight. At night she heard him moaning in his sleep

and, slipping on her kimona, she entered his room. Standing beside

his bed and looking down at his restless form she offered up her heartfelt prayers in his behalf. But through it all he dropped no hint

of his feelings. He seemed more kind and thoughtful of her than

he had ever been before.

Seymour sought employment in every direction. Sometimes

he was rewarded with a few day's work in one place and a day or two in another, but nothing permanent. The episode in the

canyon followed him like a phantom; no one cared to trust him with

any responsibility. Mrs. Rogers had a long talk with her Bishop

one Sunday and told him something of their story. He had noticed,

he said, that Seymour was quite regular in attendance at his meetings and had concluded that the young man had taken a turn for the better.

"Mrs. Rogers,"he said, "I am well acquainted with Mr. Dean (the

local head of the railroad for which Seymour had worked) and if

THE COMPACT 42 7

I were you I would go up and have a talk with him. If you like

I'll go along and introduce you to him."She was delighted and made

an appointment to meet him the next morning at ten o'clock. She

went home with a light heart, but of her conversation with the

Bishop, she said nothing to Seymour. In the secrecy of her own room

she laid the whole matter before her Father in heaven. She believed

in her son and prayed earnestly for guidance on the morrow.

The next day she kept her appointment with the Bishop and together they went to Mr. Dean's office. They were ushered into a

spacious room with heavy upholstered furniture and soft rugs. Seated

behind a shining, polished table was Mr. Dean, the highest railroad

authority in the state. Mr. Dean received them kindly, excused his

secretary, and shoving his papers aside invited them to be seated. The

Bishop excused himself after briefly announcing the purpose of the visit. Mr. Dean turned to her expectantly. Mrs. Rogers plunged

into her story a little nervously at first, but the kindly comments and searching questions of her auditor reassured her and she made her appeal for her boy as one friend to another. She was surprised that he knew

so much about Seymour, evidently knowing his record from the time he first entered the office. In her recital she kept nothing back.

Though Mr. Dean was not a member of the Church to which she belonged and was, so far as she knew a heavy smoker himself, she

did not hesitate to tell him all about their compact.

"There's an underlying principle there, Mrs. Rogers, which many

of your people overlook,"he said, "but it counts heavily with us.

When a man professes a thing and then fails to live up to it. we

know that his head steam is not sufficient to make the grade. If

I believed smoking was wrong, I wouldn't smoke. Your son gave

every promise of making a firstclass railroad man and we welcomed him among us. I was sorry when he failed to keep his drawbars tight.

Gay parties and late hours do not make railroad men. I believe what

you say is true, Mrs. Rogers, and if Mr. Marshall is willing I shall

be glad to recommend his reinstatement. Tell your son to call and

see Mr. Marshall in the morning."

"Oh, Mr. Dean,"she exclaimed, "how can I thank you for your

kindness?""No thanks are needed. If he makes good he will be a valuable

asset to the company."He turned once more to his stack of papers

and bowed and smiled to her as she left the room. Her feet did not

seem to touch the ground as she hurried home to tell Seymour the glad news. He was not home when she arrived and she had to wait

until night to tell him. In her mind she reviewed that early challenge

he had made to her and what it had cost her not to make the compact then. She thought of the days and months and the years

of suffering her refusal had cost them both, and compared them with 428 IMPROVEMENT ERA

the days of happiness she had experienced since the compact was made and kept.

Seymour came in tired and discouraged from his day's fruitless search for employment and threw himself wearily into a chair. "I

have good news for you, my boy,"she said, coming over to him and kissing him.

"Ye9,"he answered listlessly, looking up into her beaming face.

"Mr. Dean says for you to call and see Mr. Marshall in the

morning.'""What!"exclaimed the young man springing to his feet, his

weariness slipping from him like a cloak. "Mother,"he said seizing

her almost roughly by the shoulders, "you're not fooling me, are you?"

"Of course not, you foolish boy. I had a long talk with Mr.

Dean in his office this morning. The Bishop suggested it and then

went along and introduced me."Then she told him all about it.

"Well, bless his kind heart."Seymour said, almost in tears,

"Maybe God has forgiven me a little bit for my waywardness."

Then he threw his arms about his mother and caught her in a bearlike hug. "Your right, I'll make the grade when I have such a

brave little fighting mother to fire my engine for me and keep a full head of steam on."She looked at him with shining eyes and kissed

him just like they had made another compact.

Sandy, Utah.

Our Richest Treasures

Our richest of treasures, our children,

God given, are priceless indeed,

How great is our duty, as parents,

To sow in their hearts righteous seed.

To teach and to train and to guide them,

In kindness, in truth, and in love,

That in time again they'll be worthy

To dwell in the heavens above.

Important that we should remember

They lived e'er they came here below.

As spirits immortal; mature,

Their value our God only knows.

Then think ere ye chide too severely.

Our brothers and sisters are they,

Begotten by parents eternal Sent here for a very short stay.

To us has been given the privilege,

Their parents, on this earth, to be;

As such they will honor and bless us

If our part we'll do faithfully.

Mesa, Arizona. ETHEL R. LlLLYWHITE.

MELITONE GONZALES TREJO The First Spanish Translator of the Book of Mormon

By Tressie M. Post

We are glad to give to the Era a sketch of the life of one whose name appears on the roll of the first Y. M. M. I. A., spoken of by

Junius F. Wells in his history of the Thirteenth Ward, which was

published in the Era for June, 1925:

Melitone Gonzales Trejo was born in Castile, Spain, March 1 0, 1844, and was reared by his parents under very favorable circumstances.

The Unveiling of a Monument to the Memory of M. G. Trejo, at St. David

Cemetery, Arizona, August 3 0, 1925

He attained to a high degree of scholarship. His father held the office

of Captain in the army; and Melitone received the necessary training

to place him as 1st Lieutenant in the army stationed at the Philippine

Islands. At that time the elders of the Church of Jesus Christ were

scattering rays of living light, and a portion of that light penetrated his soul and awakened his conception of truth. He often related his

apprehension of truth by slapping his breast with both hands, saying, "The gospel truths came to me like this."He was one among the

many of whom Isaiah prophesied: "And many people shall go and

say, come ye and let us go up to the mountains of the Lord, to the house of the God of Jacob, and he will teach us of his ways and we will walk in his paths."

He consulted his father about leaving the army and going to

Utah, which resulted in his arrival in Salt Lake City about the year 410 IMPROVEMENT ERA

1874, when he was about thirty years of age. He was converted to

the gospel and baptized within two weeks after his arrival. President

Brigham Young and associates recognized his ability, and called him to the responsible position of translating the Book of Mormon into the

Spanish language. He commenced the work at once, and completed

it at Logan, May 17, 1884. He had married, for time, Mrs. Mary

Ann Christenson at Richfield, in the spring of 1875. One child,

Louisa, was born to them, and soon after her birth they emigrated to Arizona, and arrived in St. David March 15, 1878. Brother Trejo

was set apart as a missionary to the Mexican people. Wherever he

found them, he filled this mission with unfaltering efforts. At one time

he was interpreter for Moses Thatcher on a trip to Mexico. Later,

about 1905, he was called on a tenyear mission to the Mexicans. He

would always give back an allowance he received, or would give it to some poor Mexican, never keeping any for himself. Although he

was reared in plenty, he did not maintain those conditions, but was very poor in worldly possessions. He married Emily Jones, May 29,

1884, in the Logan Temple, twelve days after he had completed thS translation of the Book of Mormon. Ten children were born to

them. His wife and six children are still living. His favorite song

was, "O, ye Mountains High."He possessed an unusually kind and

generous disposition. He was net released from his mission, but was

driven out with the "Mormon"Mexico refugees during the rebellion.

He located his family at St. David, taking his eldest son, Melitone,

and returned to Mexico, spending two more years in this labor. He

died at Wilcox, Arizona, in the house of his daughter, Mrs. Sarah

Kimball, April 29, 1917, and was buried at St. David.

The unveiling of his monument took place at the St. David

cemetery August 30, 1925. The monument had been recently erected

by his children. The M. I. A., by request from Bishop Wright, was

in charge. Decorations and pantomime were directed by BeeKeeper,

assisted by BeeHive girls. The following program was rendered at

the cemetery: Quartette, "Jesus Lover of My Soul;"prayer, William

G. Goodman; duet, "Rock of Ages;"pantomime by four BeeHive

girls to the song, "Though Deep'ning Trials,"sung as a duet,, while two other BeeHive girls slowly approached and unveiled the monument; a short history of his life was given by John S. Merrill;

quartette, "An Angel from on High;"benediction, James N. Christenson. The inscription on the monument reads: "Melitone G. Trejo;

Born March 10, 1844; Died April 29. 1917; First Spanish Translator of the Book of Mormon."

St. David, Arizona.

THE MYSTERY ABOVE THE BOOTS By Carter E. Grant

This is a true story of what happened to me when I was a boy about sixteen. The midnight thrill I received at that time has never

been forgotten. Midnight has alwaysi seemed to be the time when

one gets the fullest benefit of that horrible chill of fright. Then, too,

this occurred, very properly, in our old barn. This huge affair was

used for many purposes. It contained the grainbins, harnessroom,

stallion's boxstall, open stalls for the other horses, buggy shed, hay mow, etc.

Our home at West Bountiful was situated between two railroads;

the Oregon Short Line, east about a quarter of a mile; the Rio Grande,

west about two hundred yards below the barn. Most of our visitors

came up from this latter track. A willowy lane led from the rightof-way to the lower barnyard. All unobserved one could slip up

here and into our barn. Visiting tramps often did this, even in the

daytime, but especially did they come after we had done our chores and left the stable for the night.

Every time I was after dark with my chores, I always felt that some fellow was watching me all the time. I would sometimes go get a

lantern, but that only made it better for the observer; he always knew

what you were doing and just where you were, while he, himself, could easily slip through the dark stalls and alleyways.

My older brothers had been no braver than I was. A sense of

dread for that old roomy inclosure grew up with us all. At night

we had a feeling of apprehension, almost a persistent, inevitable sense of fear.

On a number of occasions, when father was away, I saw strangers enter the haymow. They seemed to know when the men were gone.

The most horrifying dreams of my boyhood were those I had about being alone at night in the hayloft, and being overcome by some big, halfclad, grizzly fellow! But just as he was spiking me through

with a pitchfork, I would awake with a terrible jump, grab my bedfellow and determine never to go into the barn again. Several

times, during these night mares, my mother heard me scream in my sleep.

This experience, however, "The mystery above the boots,"was to be real; no dream or pulling covers for safety. I was to have it

alone. As I live through it today, trying to tell all by myself—and

the story again, the chills start creeping up my back. There seems

to be an inexplicable, peculiar something about this fleshytabernacle of ours that causes fear to cower and chill us when we are in some dark, lonely place. The instinctive self seems just to/ invite, and then

432 IMPROVEMENT ERA

urge on, a creepy feeling; the very blood races with the nerves in

making us frightened, bringing on dreaded images of impossible existence. More than once I have tried to to outrun it, flee—tried

but to no use. The demonistic, clutchy stuff seems to expand through

the very efforts of speed.

Well, on this particular night when I led my sorrel pony into that dark, cavernous barn, I could not flee; that was out of the

question. When I rode into the spacious front barnyard and pro-

1 minutes past midnight.ceeded down toward the stable, it was a few

I had seen my girl home, after the party at Centerville, some three miles distant; and, until this very minute, I had felt myself every inch a

man. As my horse walked slowly forward, that old barn, as usual,

loomed up in the blackness. Strange imaginations, in spite of my

young manhood, immediately began stirring up past experiences.

Trying to ward off my lonesomeness, I looked toward the house for the usual light. It wasn't there. This rather surprised me. I

knew father had been away for several days. Could it be possible

that the rest of the family were away also, and I was alone on the ranch? I did not know where mother and the children could be,

but it occurred to me that they might be visiting somewhere. I stopped

and listened. Everything up there, except the flowing well, was still

and quiet. The folks were all asleep, or gone. Either was bad enough.

These thoughts only tended to deepen my fear.

Drawing my horse to a standstill a few paces in front of the dark, open barn door, I dismounted. To gain courage with myself, I spoke

rather loudly to my pony. My boyish voice echoed so strangely

within the barn that I did not try speaking the second time. Then,

too, the thought flashed upon me, "There may be tramps inside! If

they hear your voice they can tell, even in the blackness of the night, that you are not a man coming into the barn."A peculiarly creepy

feeling answered such a thought. For some reason I turned and

looked toward the barn door. Then I resolved, "I'll never go into

that place tonight! Molly can stay loose in the stack yard."As I

hesitated, the thought of being taunted next morning at the family breakfast table, got the best of me. I knew they would all know that

I went to see my girl and did not dare to put up my horse, etc. Either

the thought of my best girl, or the fear of the jokes, made me determined to go in at any rate.

I turned just a moment to look about. The empty blackwillow

trees, with their long stretching limbs above the barn, stood naked against the sky. A regular March stormbreeze was coming in from the

South. The recent rains made everything underfoot sloppy and

muddy. The wind was now blowing harder; scattering drops of rain

began splashing on my hands as I untied the wet saddle girdles.

I was ready to proceed, but upon reaching for the halterrope,

I found it wa9 gone! Then, as my heart began pounding heavily,

THE MYSTERY ABOVE THE BOOTS 433

I remembered that, when I rode away in the early evening, I had dropped the rope on the board floor against the side of the wall, about eight feet back of the stall where my horse was to be tied. I was sure

I knew just where it was. I simply must have it.

Quietly leading my horse a few steps inside the door, I pulled off the saddle and hung it on its regular hook. One of the horses near

by, that had been lying down, gave a lunge and struggled to its feet;

then the stallion gave his shrill whinny. These startled me somewhat,

but I now went slowly forward, however, leading my horse, and half feeling my way with my feet. I was now sure I was even with the

empty stall.

It was black! No other word could tell it. And unless someone

was below me, looking toward me and the open doorway, they could not see me any more than I could see them. I knew it then and had

thought of it other times before. For just a moment, with one hand

holding to my pony's mane and the other to the reins, I stood getting my proper bearing. The rope, I felt sure, was just even with me,

over against the boxstall.

Knowing that Molly would stand for a jiffy, I dropped the reins, which, possibly, under the circumstances, was a foolish thing to do.

For if anything were really to happen, it would be much better to hang onto the horse for it might, during the excitement, fly backward toward the open door, jerking me through the darkness with it.

I now leaned down, almost on my hands and knees; placing one

hand close to the board floor, I moved carefully and stealthily forward, all the while reaching for the rope. Suddenly, my anxiously searching

hand took right hold of an upright booted foot. Unconsciously my

hand reached over a little; there was the other! I pulled my hand back;

but, for the moment, I was so terrified I simply could not move.

Someone was standing before me, and here I was on my hands and knees feeling of his feet, and possibly at this time with a pitchfork in his hands, he was leaning down over me. Immediately a crampy

feeling took all my strength. I felt faint. Things whirled in my

brain. A terrible flush, like a chill, rushed through every vein, and

up to my head. I managed to draw back a little, Here I was in the

darkest corner of the old was worse than a dream! barn—it

As the ruffian made no attack, my wits returned as quickly as they had fled. Not daring, however, to lift myself from my crouching

position, I noiselessly slipped back and to one side a few feet. As

I moved, one hand came in contact with the end of the rope.

Unwittingly I pulled a little. The man was standing on it, for when

I tightened the rope a bit, he moved one foot. I wasn't long dropping

the rope.

Quick as lightning my right hand found its way into my pocket not for a gun, no such good luck. I have always been glad since that

434 IMPROVEMENT ERA

I did not have one, for I surely would have used it. I was after

matches.

Still crouching close to the floor, I hurriedly shaped a half dozen matches together ready for striking. Just what I would do when brought

face to face with my enemy, I did not know; I could not think.

My hand and matches met the floor. I gave a short, sharp pull. The

matches all flared in unison. An electric light, for the moment, would

not have served me better. There before my bulging eyes, not four

feet away, one standing, the other lying, were my brother's empty boots. He had placed them there after I had gone to the party.

An Alleged Relic

Elder Rolla M. Rich sent this picture to President John H.

Taylor of the Northern States mission, who forwarded it to the Improvement

Era. President Taylor says he knows nothing about its authenticity. It is

claimed that this is the bench that was used in Nauvoo temple for the twelve apostles, and was about the only thing that was saved when the

temple was burned, on Monday morning, three o'clock, November 19, 1848.

The fire broke out in the upper story, and was evidently the work of an incendiary. The bench is now located at 1574 South Center Street, Terra

Haute, Indiana, and is owned by a Mr. Milks, who has had it in his

possession for twentythree years. He bought it from an old curiosity

shop in Terre Haute, Indiana. The claim that the bench, or seat, or chair,

is from Nauvoo Temple, is not authenticated, and is not verified by anyone in Utah who has so far seen it.

UP TIMPANOGOS By Lloyd O. Ivie

I have just returned from my climb up Timpanogos; my bones

are still aching and my feet are sore. I am one of the thousands or

more who have made the trip today.

What a wonderful climb it is! The Japanese say, "He who

climbs not once Mt. Fuji is a fool; he who climbs it more than once

is also a fool."Not so Timpanogos. He who enjoys the open air,

the sunshine, the he who delights in strenuous recreation wind—

he who reveres the grandeur of rugged precipices and babbling crystal streams, and whose soul can converse with birds and he who flowers—

would study scientifically and extensively the manifold forms of life, will always climbor the geological wonders of the earth—he

Timpanogos.

It would be impossible for any one individual to point out all the joys and lessons of this climb. Men of a thousand thoughts

assemble for recreation. Each sees his own mountain; each returns

with the abundance of his own heart to tell.

There was a motley crowd assembled at the bonfire festival last evening. Aspen Grove became as alive as the heart of a great city.

Men, women and children were there. Not merely those few monied

seekers of pleasure who flit here and there in impertinent opulence and ease, but every type and hue, from the pilfering parasite who hoboes his way and prowls the camp at night to steal his food from his sleeping fellow hikers, to the learned and sagacious nobility of mankind, who had come to lead a company of Boy Scouts or a group of BeeHive girls, or to join in the throng for the purpose of obtaining inspiration and rejuvenation for his mountain of service ahead.

But why do men climb mountains? Why do they do anything

which requires effort and endurance? Why do they impose upon

themselves tasks which compel themselves to fatigue, or to vie with one another for supremacy? For they seek not alone to do, but to

outdo.

This is not my first trip up Timpanogos. I have climbed it before,

only to be thrilled with the wonders of nature. Not alone with the

upheavals in the dim past, which created such hightowering precipices, nor with the dying glacier which scalloped those verdure walls.

But I have drunk in the mountain air and tasted the trickling rills, fresh from the melting snow. I have also glanced at the myriad forms

of life which, in answer to the call of service, had planted themselves even upon the walls of nature. Obnoxious weeds, perhaps, blanketing

the cliffs. Potential giants stunted by the adversities of nature.

It is well enough for society to congratulate itself upon its own 436 IMPROVEMENT ERA

well being. Yet cocksuredness and conceit are just as detestable among

men as it is in nature. I have seen the bent and torn guards of the forest,

old and scarred, standing at the forest's edge, unsightly and uninviting.

Ugly old stumps of trees; trees which even the woodchoppers have

passed by and ignored. Those old scamps and blotches of nature whose

sacrifices have turned the howling winds and awful snowslides away from the monarchs in the depthg of the forest that men may come and exult the greatness of the tall and stately timber. I have looked upon

those bleeding old gulped to hold back tears. I am knots—and

not convinced that such was their destiny; though it was their fate.

I have seen men hang their laurels of service, and pin their badges of greatness upon the tall trees within the forest, if they noticed while—

them at hurled censure and reproach at those outlying scrubs. all—they

I have heard them say, in glowing words of tribute, that society—even

civilization itself has been built and maintained by tallness and stateliness! Timpanogos has shown me such forests and such trees.

But I have brought back with me today another scene. Not that

which is of the birds or of the neither is it one of towering brooks—

weights and frowning precipices. Not that I enjoyed nature less, but

a continual contact with even magnificence sometimes allows the focus of one's attention to dwell for a moment on other things. And

what a blessing it is that I may go into the mountains and enjoy more than the mountains.

I do not mean that I stopped to count the numbers who climbed nor to take pictures of any of them. Others were officially there for

that purpose. I didn't even carry a kodak, nor anticipate an album of

pictures to display before friends and visitors at some future date.

Machines may exhibit a few facts, but they are not revealers of truths.

They are recorders of men's poses and performances; not of their

hearts nor their motives. There is no invention of man which can

see more in man than that which is upon the surface. Men do speak

their hearts, even though some thinkers say that language is for the purpose of hiding thought. But not always do they speak them with

their words.

As we zigzagged up the mountain side, higher and higher, new scenes and new thoughts thrilled the climbers: they saw the waterfalls,

the trees and the rocks. One man said, "How insignificant is man

compared with nature. What a little creature he is!"Another remarked, "How little others look way down there below us!"And

as those who had gone ahead reached the summit they looked back upon others yet behind, still struggling up the glacier. There was no

laughing or ridiculing at their struggles, for there was a common bond;

their own veins were still pulsating from a like struggle. They yet

knew sympathy.

With some the thought was to get to the top first. How men will

strive and strain under the whip of emulation. Their joy was not in

UP TIMPANOGOS 43 7

the climb but in the outstripping. They saw not the cliffs nor the

trees, but they arrived at the summit first. Others found a richer

social life. They were helpful and sociable. They had come to the

mountains to learn that their friends were their neighbors. They

enjoyed the climb in the little helpful acts they performed and in the pleasant words they spoke to those with whom they journeyed. I

heard no quarrelling nor complaining up that wonderful mountain side.

Such is what the people told me as they ascended the trail.

I was not among the first to reach the summit. By the time I

arrived at the top of the glacier, others had been around to the summit and a few had already begun the slide over the snow. Only three or

four were there, however.

My attention was attracted to a lady who seemed unable to gather courage enough to make the plunge. She walked to the edge of the

almost perpendicular incline and then finally turned away. She dared

not. It was too steep. She went to the side and prepared to climb

laboriously down the trail where others were coming up. There she

met an experienced mountaineer.

"You're not going down this way, are you?"he asked in a semireproachful tone. "You surely wouldn't climb all the way up here

and then miss the slide over the glacier, would you?"

"I'm afraid—"

"There's nothing to be afraid of. Just lay your head and

shoulders well back, keep your feet up, take a deep breath, and let go."

And his assuring look told her more than his words).

Determination set itself upon her countenance. She walked again,

but without faltering, to the edge of the glacier; adjusted herself according to directions fear was conquered. She, too, had and—her

now experienced the thrill of the wonderful glacier. She had played

and was young again.

By the time I had made the trip to the summit and returned, hundreds were assembled at the top of the glacier. The psychology

of the crowd was different, no one seemed to dare to express fear.

Those who cling to the crowd must follow the crowd. Pioneers had

fear of the disalready broken the trail. Now it was easy; now the

approval of others was stronger than the fear of plunging off, even cowardice was brave.

I looked out over two marvelous valleys blooming with roses, checkered with radiant fields. Mother earth was indeed yielding her

bounties to the toil of industrious hands.

is easy Here too the psychology of the masses now prevails. It

to work when thousands around you work. It is a blessing to

dwell in the midst of industry and achievement. Yet hands now

which made those fields when the soil was dry and cold—hands

parched, when there were no canals, no railroads, no cement highto us this ways; hands which made what we preserve,—bequeathed

43 8 IMPROVEMENT ERA

heritage of industry and service. They came to this garden before

us. It was not then a garden, but a desert.

There indeed was heroism. For they toiled when none was here

to applaud. They achieved, even in the face of taunts and ridicule.

An expanse of grasses and rolling hills was behind them; a land of gold

and opportunity was ahead of them. But a spirit of struggle and industry was with them. God had found willingness among men; he

gave them that task which is our heritage.

It is easy to stand with the masses, and watch for their signs of approval, or quail under their taunts and frowns. That is no task. It

is not bravery to climb to dizzy heights when the masses are around you applauding; it may be but the fear of scorn.

It is wrong to stand with the crowd today and belittle the deeds of our fathers because they are perhaps no bigger than ours geometrically. She who hesitated while alone might have been far braver

than many who followed the crowd. Greatness is not always in

position, but in direction. Mortals are puny. Those who we think

are small in the distance are oftimes bigger than ourselves. We marvel

at the great achievements of today. We wonder why our fathers

did not produce the many inventions we have now. They did more,

far more; they produced today.

I have just returned from Timpanogos, my bones are still aching and my feet are sore. But I look with greater reverence upon those

sacred pioneers, who accomplished, by dint of their own faith and determination, that service which many fear not to give lest the world might frown upon them.

Provo, Utah

Answered By Ora Haven Barlow

It was September, in the leper receiving station at Kalihi. The

algaroba trees were clustered with long, yellow pods that dropped intermittently to the sparse grass below. Lahala had been sitting on the

hospital veranda watching the soft evening glow through the fleecy trees at the west. Gradually the whole sky became golden, interspersed with

long lines of flaming purple. The open Bible lay in the girl's lap.

It had seemed ages since she had come here. But it had been only

four short filled with joy and with anguish. Joy had years—years

come to her when she had realized the little good she had been able to accomplish, but anguish hadbeen hers when she viewed the slow suffering of these afflicted ones of her race.

She turned her eyes from the glorious sunset to meet a group of leper boys who came into the yard with buckets and began picking up

ANSWERED 439

the kcawc beans from under the algaroba trees. The beans were fed

to the swine of the settlement. Each boy hastened to fill his bucket,

for a bucket full meant five cents for him from the head "kokua."

They were laughing and romping as they worked. Lahala

wondered if they ever realized what dread malady was upon them and how it would probably consume them bit by bit. She recalled

the story that in Biblical days the death ceremony had been said over such boys as these. They, then, would have been considered officially

but living.dead—dead

But now, here it was nineteen hundred and eighteen years after the Christ. He had cast out this dread disease from among those who

had faith. Why tcould it not be done today?

The leper children quickly filled their buckets. Each nickle

brought a thing to them which made life a little more enjoyable, a sack of candy, a story book, a funny paper. They lugged their loads

past the porch. Then Kala, the little lame one, saw Lahala, their

adored kokua sitting in the evening air.

"Hey, fellas!"he shouted. "Here's Lahala. Come back, maybe she

tell us a story."

She smiled down upon them as the group returned. They

stood a little way off and begged for a Bible story, "Sure, you tell, eh?""Tell us about the ten lepers again,"asked Wilama.

"Yes, about the lepers that were healed,"they called.

And again the wonderful story was told. As she finished the

tale of how the nine forgot to return and thank the Master, and of how the one was told it was his faith that had healed him, Kala, looking down at his ulcered hands, said, "I would be thankful, you bet, if

God cured me."

"Why doesn't God send someone to heal us?"asked Paulo.

They were interrupted in their story by Professor Dean passing by on his way out of the hospital.

Lahala leaped to her feet.

The noted chemist and president of the University of Hawaii saw her and recognized her in the fading light. He stopped. Her

question was unspoken for he answered her thought.

"Lahala, we have succeeded. Milo's case has been completely

arrested through injection of the ethyl esters of the chaulmoogra oil.

The other cases under treatment have all shown miraculous improvement."

"And you, Professor, have done this!"

"No, not I, Lahala. I am merely one of the servants of him who

has caused it to be done."

And as the noted, but humble professor went his way, Lahala, the Hawaiian nurse, answered the leper boy:

"God does send someone to heal us today, Paulo."

Preston, Idaho A CAREER OF REPENTANCE By Orville S. Johnson

Richard Larson had lived in the same house with his wife and son for twentyfive years, and never once had he been called dad.

Indeed, he was seldom called anything at home. He had grown so apart

from Marcia and Kent that he rarely saw them at all. He spent most

of his leisure hours in his big study, supposedly absorbed in delving deeper and deeper into the hidden beauties of truth.

He had become an authority upon most phases of the gospel.

He was a successful business man. He had cultivated a wonderful

smile that deceived most people who met him. Yet to a careful

observer there was about him an air of humble sorrow.

Marcia Larson was a beautiful woman whose greatest desire was to make the world, or as much of it as possible, appreciate her beauty.

Richard had discovered that she was a "Mormon"in name only.

Shortly after his son Kent's birth, when he tried to interest her in the work of the Relief Society sisters, she had laughed at him and gone calmly ahead planning her first trip to the Nation's capitol.

After that first trip, Richard tried once more to catch her interest and hold it in her home. He failed ignobly. And fearing he would

begin trying to influence Kent, she took the boy with her to Boston for a stay of a whole year. Richard never tried to interest her again;

openly, at least.

The years that followed were torture to his honest heart. He

watched as from a distance the bringingup of his only son in the ways of the world. Beyond being baptized and taken to Sunday

school a few times, by way of showing the town a real son, Marcia saw to it that Kent's training was other than religious.

In moments of deepest sorrow, Richard sometimes wondered if

Kent ever had, or would think of God. His wonderings came to an

abrupt ending on the 5th of September, shortly after Kent's twentyfifth birthday, in a most astounding manner.

Marcia had been at home for two weeks in succession, a thing in itself astonishing, having completed a two month's stay in Boston, where she had launched Kent forth upon the beginning of a career as a great violinist. She had left him studying under one of the city's

best instructors to return and flaunt her triumph before her husband.

She enjoyed each new victory of this kind, because she was sure that secretly Richard hoped that some day Kent would turn to him and follow his precepts.

She had convinced Richard of her victory so completely that he was in the depths of misery whenever he was alone. And then at the

climax of his despair, he saw Kent walk into his establishment. The

boy paused a moment to get his bearings, then came directly to the

A CAREER OF REPENTANCE 441

tittle alcove beside Richard's private office, where he was wont to work during rush hours as one of the regular bookkeepers.

Richard looked up as his son reached his side. Kent stopped and

looked down at his father a moment contemplatingly. Then he bent

over and spoke in low tones. "Dad, can't we go into your office?

I've a long story to tell you if you can afford the time to listen."Then

he hastily added, "It isn't about money."

The word "Dad"brought a lump into Richard'si throat. To

have a longing, even though a small one like wanting to be called "Dad,"so unexpectedly fulfilled, was almost more than he could bear without showing it. He arose slowly and held out his hand. Then

for the first time in his life, he felt the grip of his son's hand in friendly clasp. Without a word he led the way inside, closing the door

behind Kent.

He dismissed his stenographer with the instructions to allow no one to come in without first bringing his card. When he again

turned to Kent, he wore a smile which said, "You're in trouble, son, let me share the load."

For the first time, Kent realized his father's greatness of heart, and under that wonderful smile, he felt sublimely humble. "Dad,"

his voice trembled ever so little, "in so far as you know, is there any reason why I shouldn't go on a mission?"

For an instant Richard wasi speechless. His face slowly paled

as if he feared some new trick of his wife's making. He was silent

for so long that Kent grew a little alarmed. "You don't think I'm

an entire rotter, do you, Dad?"There was real pain in the boy's voice.

"Let me tell you Dad, before you say what you think.""Just a moment lingered over that word, son—"I son"—he

want you to know that I think you worthy of a mission if you really wish to go."

"If I can only make you understand how much!"murmured

Kent. "It was a girl, dad, a wonderful girl! I met her just after

mother left me in Boston, at a little recital given by Brocharte. Almost

as soon as I had been introduced to her, I loved her. There was

something very familiar about her, and yet I couldn't think I'd ever seen or heard of her before. I watched her most of that evening and she

watched me. I walked to her home with her after the recital and that

was the beginning.

"I think the next step was when I discovered she was greatly interested in religion. Of course, I immediately became interested

in the same subject. Mostly we discussed topics she suggested, because

I was too ignorant to risk suggesting new ground. We talked a

great deal about authority of which I was at first totally ignorant.

I soon discovered that she liked to talk about Catholicism, and I decided she was a Catholic. I dared not ask her what she was, for

there are lots of ways of findingfear she would ask me, and—well

442 IMPROVEMENT ERA

out what you are, in a great city, and I didn't want her to know what I was until I had learned enough to be something else.

"When she did ask me, I was almost ready for the question and told her I was without any religious connections at all; which was

nearly true. 'I like your franknessi,'she said. 'If there's one thing

I detest it's the type of religious snob who is the same thing you are.

He'll even be a 'Mormon'for a time if he's with a 'Mormon'girl.'

"I couldn't even think I was a 'Mormon'after that. I made up

my mind that she had planned that speech. She watched me close

enough when she made it to justify such a view, and that she had planned it to discover whether or not by the merest chance I was a 'Mormon.'She knew I had come from the west and that the west

held the 'Mormons.'Also, I knew the Catholics were bitterly

opposed to the 'Mormons.'

"In various little ways I began to build up the idea that I considered a man who was afraid to stand up for his religion, no matter what it was, a most despicable character. Once or twice when

we were at a cafe or an opera she pointed individuals out to me, remarking that they were religious cowards. I avoided them openly.

Gradually the light of approval deepened in her eyes until I forgot everything but my desire to win her. I resolved to bury the fact

that I was a 'Mormon'as deeply as possible.

"In this I counted upon mother's help, for Celia Marston was a daughter of one of the first families in Boston. Her folks had been

abroad for almost a year and she had been running the home. She

claimed to like doing that sort of thing better than hunting elusive pleasures that at best were uncertain. 'I think I shall choose it as a

life's work,'she told me once.

''And no wonder,'I responded, 'You were especially created to make a home for someone!'I'd have said more right then, only we

were on a crowded roof garden and I couldn't bring myself to talk of life's sacred gift in all that hubbub.

"The next night we were going to see Jocelyn. I went for Celia

in a cab. When I met her in answer to my ring, she had changed.

At first I thought her folks had come home. But when she led me

into the library and stood for what seemed a long, long time in absolute silence, I knew it must be something else. A great throb of

fear shot through me. There was nothing more likely than that she

had discovered my secret. I resolved desperately to get her promise

to marry me soon, right then.

"I seized both her hands and almost shuddered. They were like

ice. 'Celia!'I cried tenderly. She jerked her hands free and stepped

back. For a second she just looked at me, not angry or hurt, but

wistful. 'You mustn't say it Kent, boy, not yet! I'm afraid, never

If I let you tell me what is in your eyes, you'd only be sorry and

A CAREER OF REPENTANCE 443

ashamed. You might even loathe yourself after you had had time to

think!'I can't say it like she did, Dad, her voice was soft like the

low note of a flute.

"'Listen, Kent boy,'she went on, Have you ever belonged to any church at all?'

"There wasn't the slightest doubt then, that she had found me out and was seeking vindication of what she had learned. It was

plainly up to me to convince her that her suspicions! were without

the slightest grounds. 'In so far as I can recall,'I asserted, 'I have

never aligned myself with any creed.'

''And you've never so much as thought of investigating "Mormonism,"have you?'It sounded to me as if she were eager for an

affirmation. I gave it.

"'Never!'I cried, and I put all the scorn and loathing into that

one word that I could. 'When I stoop so low as to become even

remotely interested in such a despised sect, I hope I may die!'"Kent's

voice choked with regret.

"Sometime, Dad, when I've suffered a whole lot, perhaps God will forgive me for saying that. I was sorry almost immediately.

And what I've gone through since then has been worse than any physical torture could be. I felt almost numb for a second, then I looked

into her eyes again questioningly. She just looked at me for a long

time and seemed to be drawing away from me, farther and farther.

Suddenly her head came up proudly. Her eyes lighted with a defiance

which her voice belied.

''That's what I feared, Kent boy. That's why I didn't want

you to say it. Only I didn't know you felt so strongly against any

religion. Had I thought that, I wouldn't have allowed you to become

in the least interested in me. Much less, I in you!'There was

bitterness in her voice, then, Dad, and regret. But she didn't break

down, nor did she lower her glorious shining eyes.

"'My one satisfaction, Kent, shall be that I saved you from the self disgrace of having proposed to a "Mormon."'Her voice held not

a quiver and became richer and fuller as she continued. 'For I am just

that, Kent. A little "Mormon"girl who will have only her religion

when my family gets back. I think I shall go to Utah, then, and try

to forget these wonderful hours, and that peculiar feeling that we have met before. Goodbye, Kent. Try not to think too harshly

of me, because I didn't know you felt so strongly. Think of me

sometimes, Kent, as the one who talked to you of religion.'Her voice

seemed gradually to die, and I was alone.

"I got to the cab somehow, and then to my room. I can't tell

how I felt then, Dad, one can't describe those terrible feelings of remorse. A 'Mormon!'A 'Mormon!'kept running through my head.

She's a 'Mormon!'God meant her for me, had I kept faith with him.

We chose each other before we came here, but I failed to live worthily!

444 IMPROVEMENT ERA

"I was so sure that I had missed my paradise that I thought of killing myself. Then I thought of you. It was a funny feeling, Dad,

like I'd been smothering and suddenly found air. And with the

thought of you came the thought of repentance. I tried to pray. I

did pray in a way, but I felt as if I were asking for a forgiveness I had not earned. I felt better, though, and no longer considered

killing myself, and knew that I should come to you. I thought of

going on a mission while riding here on the train. It seemed to me

that if I worked hard for God, then I might have a right to ask him for a favor. And, Dad, he might forgive me and lead us together again

in such a manner that I will not be too ashamed to meet her. It's

worth working for, even if it is only a chance in a thousand. Do

you think there's any hope of getting my happiness, Dad?"

Richard Larson's face worked for several seconds before he could speak. He gripped his son's shoulders almost fiercely. "Hope,

son? I don't hope for your happiness, I know! You haven't committed any very grave offense. I doubt if your crime was any more

heinous than telling an ordinary lie would be. And while this is a

grevious sin, it is not one of the greater ones and it is willingly forgiven by our heavenly Father, if we but sincerely repent. I don't

know this girl, son, but she is a wonderful one. Anyone who does

as she did must be wonderful. I can understand your feelings in regard

to meeting her as a 'Mormon,'but if she is meant for you, son, and you put forth enough effort to prove to God you are sincere in your purpose to live rightly hereafter, he will grant your heart's desire. There

will, no doubt, be many trials he will put before you. Satan will

laugh at you at times and tempt you to dodge these unpleasantries.

But if you will only keep your faith pointed toward God's ultimate justice, you will, in the end, find happiness. If not with her then,

with a healed heart, you will find another.

'As for me, it will be the proudest moment of my life when I see you leave for the mission field. There can be but one prouder moment

for me, and that will be to see you return with an honorable release."

A low knock took Richard to the door. His stenographer

handed him a note. He glanced at it as he closed the door, then

looked contemplatingly at Kent. "I had almost forgotten, son, but your

mother made an appointment this morning for this hour and she is waiting now. I think it has to do with an increase in your allowance.

Shall we see her together?"

There was a note of comradeship in his father's voice which thrilled Kent. "Let's do!"was all he could think to say.

Marcia Larson entered majestically. She kept her regal bearing

for a matter of seconds before she seemed to realize that Kent was there. Then she rushed to him in a sudden alarm. "Kent, why are you

here?"she demanded.

He smiled down at her and kissed her before replying. "I'm going

A CAREER OF REPENTANCE 445

on a mission, mother, and I thought Dad would be glad to knowabout it."

"But, career!"she cried in sudded alarm. Kent—your "My career has turned out to be a career of repentance. I never

could have become a great violinist, but I can become a great repentant."

"You'll just be throwing your time away, Kent."Her voice

rose in excitement.

"Not throwing it away, mother, when I'd be paying part of a debt I owe to God."He spoke very quietly and deliberately.

"But what about me, Kent? Don't you owe me anything!

Haven't I earned regard from you!"She was sobbing wildly, then,

and clutching him fiercely.

"I owe my body and a lot of pleasures it hag had to you, mother, but I owe my soul to God. I have lived only for you, for twentyfive

years. Now it is time I began to live a tiny span for God."

She seemed to have suddenly lost all reasoning power and had become wildly hysterical. "No! No! Kent, no! I've counted upon

you so! You can't fail me now! Can't you understand that if you

leave the career I have mapped out for you now, that you will make it awfully hard for me to explain! It will kill me, Kent, to have to tell

those people back there that up a wonderful career you—you—gave

for I couldn't do it, Kent."a—a—oh,

"Mother, I feel that I must go."

"No! Kent, No! You mustn't leave me! You can't!"

"I shall not be leaving you, mother, any more than if I were to go on with my music. You can find me just as easily any time you wish

to see me."

"Oh, Kent! Find you! Yes, I can find you! But what a

pitiable find! My boy, who should be the boast of society, playing the

part of common tramp! Walking from place to place selling a—a

books! Giving away information that make9 him loathsome to all he

meets! No, Kent! No! No! No!"It was a wild shriek, she lost

complete control of herself and would have fallen to the floor had not

Kent caught her and carried her to a divan where he laid her tenderly down, still clinging to him frantically.

"You don't need religion, Kent! It's only a pacifier used by

the upper classes to keep the rabble from swamping the world with lust and crime! But it isn't for men, Kent, real men!"Kent

listened with bowed head. When she paused for a moment he slowly

shook it in the negative, as if about to say something. It seemed to

madden her afresh. She sprang to her feet and, levelling her glance

at her husband, screamed: "You leave him alone, Richard Larson!"

"But mother!"protested Kent, "he never so much as said a word

to me. I came to him!"

"He doesn't have to say anything, Kent! He only has to pray!

446 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Millions of friends are at his call! It was they that brought you

here! Don't listen to them, Kent! Be a man! Come back to me!"

Tears streamed from her lovely eyes. There could be no doubt

that she was suffering. So was Richard suffering. He feared his son's

new faith would weaken under such great pressure. Yet he could say

nothing, do nothing. There was no assistance he could give to his

dearest cause beyond a silent petition for divine aid. Kent had broken

down at his mother's last onslaught and had bent his head into her arms. She sat down, pulling him to his knees where he knelt sobbing,

his head in her lap. She was caressing that head with all the tender

longing she possessed.

No one spoke or made a sound above a low sob for a full minute.

Then Kent deliberately arose, and looking down at his mother through his tears, spoke slowly, delivering his ultimatum. "Mother, I must

make this sacrifice!"

It brought Marcia Larson defiantly to her feet. Majestically

she stood, as when she first entered, and with blazing eyes gave her verdict. "You have chosen, Kent, goodbye!"Proudly she

glided from the room, bearing her defeat as if it were victory.

"Father!"cried Kent, "will she ever understand?"

"I hope so, son,"was all Richard could say.

When they reached home, Marcia was gone. Where, neither had

any idea. The weeks that followed were so filled that neither had

much time for wondering. In fact, Richard gave her absence almost

no thought at all. She had been out of his life so long that it

seemed as if she had merely gone on one more trip. Kent never

mentioned her, though it is doubtful if she was ever far from his thought during the rare moments he had to himself. Outside of those

very few seconds, he was too busy to think of anything but his mission.

Richard held long talks with his son upon certain principles of the gospel, in a great effort to prepare Kent for what was before him in the field. These talks grew more and more interesting to each

as they probed deeper and deeper into what to Kent had hitherto been mostly a great mystery. Under his father's guidance, however,

things became clearer and clearer, until, when the time finally came for Kent to leave, he was all eagerness to give to the world the great truths he had learned.

Into the Southern States he was sent, and given Elder Hugh

Murray as a companion. Elder Murray was older than Kent and had

been in the field almost two years when Kent came. He was the

kind of man that made many friends, and Kent grew to love him.

He was getting well onto the work by the time Elder Murray received his release, so that he was given a new man in the field as his companion. Elder Benson was almost as old as Kent's father and fully

as sincere. It was to Elder Benson that Kent confided his story.

A CAREER OF REPENTANCE 447

And it wa9 from him that Kent received a striking view point that made his humility deeper even than when he had first been chastened.

"Be careful, my boy,"Elder Benson had said, "lest you put your own selfish motives before those of the Lord. That lovely girl

did a most wonderful thing in turning you to God, but you must keep God always first. If you are here working for her instead of

him, he will put great tribulation upon you to make certain that he has completely gained your soul. If your heart is in the work because

it expects her as a reward, then you are not giving yourself freely to the Master's cause? Cleanse the temple of your soul, my boy, from

any such thoughts and work only for God, for only thus can you receive full joy in your work."

After pondering this and discovering that he actually did have, deep within him, so deep in fact that he had almost taken it as knowledge, the feeling that for his mission he was to receive Celia

Marston as a reward, he grew alarmed. He redoubled his efforts to

put her out of his mind entirely, but did not succeed. When he

prayed he asked God to make of him an instrument through which his gospel might be spread. With his heart he asked God to make

Celia Marston his. The longing for her was almost a constant prayer.

It made him apprenhensive of punishment. He grew so to expect this

blow that when it fell he acknowledged it as God's justice and bowed himself nobly to his cross.

It did not happen frequently that Kent found his home newspaper on any news stand, but he was returning from his work of tracting one night, when he saw on a stand as he passed a copy of a paper published in Utah. He bought it and carried it to his room. Almost

the first thing he saw was a short announcement of the marriage of

Frank Harris, son of one of Utah's most prominent families socially, to Miss Celia Marston, of Boston. And then, while his heart was

still numb from the blow, before he had time to become fully aware of how deep the loss he had suffered, he opened the door in answer to a low knock and stood face to face with his mother.

She threw her arms about him. "I had to see you, Kent! I was

traveling through this part of the state almost without knowing it.

And when I discovered where I was, I just had to look you up. I got

your address from the mission headquarters and came here. Kent,"she

said softly, "if you must do this work, don't let it fill my place in your heart. For I need you, Kent! I don't feel whole without I

know you still need me as your mother. You are my all, Kent! Without you I have nothing!"

"But what about father, mother? Hasn't he a place in your life?"

"He mustn't know that he has, Kent. He wants nothing more

than to be rid of me, and I am trying to keep him out of my life as he is keeping me out of his."Then as if determined to dismiss the

448 IMPROVEMENT ERA

subject she stepped back and looked tenderly into his face. "You're

not happy, Kent. Are you sorry you took this step?"

"A thousand times no! mother. I've found the only way to

happiness, existing for me. It is a little rough right at present, but

there are smooth, shady driveways ahead. I have learned that the only

true joy lies in serving first, God, then one's fellowmen."

"But. it seems to me there is very little chance of serving either,

away out here. Especially your fellowmen. How can you serve them

when they so hate the 'Mormons'?"

"We are seeking the honest in heart, mother. When we have

traveled for days in the face of bitter opposition, and suddenly come face to face with one who is seeking the truth, then are we blessed.

One such will bless us forever. For unto him we have given a chance

to live again in the presence of his Creator."

"But are there really any such people, Kent? Isn't that just

a story told to the missionaries to keep them working?"

Kent's eyes lightened with sudden enthusiasm. It would be great

pleasure to let his mother see proof of this. "Have you been traveling

in your car, mother?"

"It's outside at the curb, Kent."

"Then come with me, mother. I'll let you meet a man I met

just today, quite a distance out in the country."

They found him seated upon his front porch, reading. He seemed

not to know that it was twilight and time for lights, if one would read. He looked up, saw Kent as he came up the path and arose to

meet him with outstretched hand. "Mother,"said Kent, "this is Brother

Call. He has only heard the gospel for the first time today, but

is much interested in it."

Something seemed to impel Marcia Larson to hold out her hand.

It delighted Kent to see her unbend. "Mother has never been able to

understand how people become interested enough in our Church to demand so many missionaries,"explained Kent. "So I brought her

to you, hoping you would tell her some of the things you told me."

Eldridge Call smiled a ready smile. "I told Elder Larson that

in all my searching, I had never been able to find a road that even promised to lead to my happiness. I held great joy in my heart for

a year. The year I was with my wife, but since she died, almost seven

years ago, I've never known what it was to feel real gladness. I have

investigated thousands of religions, it seems to me, but none of them held out what I sought until yesterday I saw this young man at my door. He had a message that seemed too good to be true, and yet as

I look farther and farther into it, it seems, more and more, to fill my ideal of a perfect religion. It is not a selfish plan as most

orthodox plans are, in that one may be a perpetrator of most awful crimes and still be saved by simply acknowledging Christ upon his deathbed. In this plan it seems that Salvation is reached through

A CAREER OF REPENTANCE 449

service to others. One has his ancestors to work for in the temples', in

order that he may not stand alone in the Great Beyond. Then one

has to help further the cause by missionary work, which but a very few have the privilege of doing in most sects. It seems to me that

this wonderful creed is founded upon friendship. The one who is

in greatest demand, that is, of not pretended demand, but who is loved by most, receives the greatest reward. Of course, I have only begun

but that's the way it appeals to me. Now if you two couM stay to

supper, I'm sure we would find much to interest us."

But Marcia could not. She seemed to have received something

that demanded instant attention lest she lose it. Almost as soon as

they were in the car she opened her questioning mind. "Is what he

said about being in demand actually part of our belief, Kent?"

"It's all our belief, mother. It's almost like clean politics

would be if they were run by God's plan. A certain number of votes

are necessary to get one into the Celestial Kingdom, say. It is up

to us to see that we make certain of those votes. That is, we must make

ourselves loved by enough people who we think will be there, to such an extent that they will call for us to come. Just to'bring

it close to you, how many of those high society ladies would call for you?"The idea suddenly amused her and she laughed softly. "I don't

think there'll be many such ladies there, Kent, because none of them will call for any of the others. They only pretend friendliness to

keep up the show."

"Well, how many would you call for? Not necessarily society

women, but thinking of everyone you know, how many would you vote upon as worthy and acceptable members of your home in the hereafter?"

"There'd be only two, Kent. You father. But,"her and—your

voice softened to almost a whisper. "There'd be only you to call

for me.""But think, mother, how easy it would be to change all that.

You are beautiful, mother, and loveable. It would be so easy to make

even thousands love you. If you would only forget about being a

society lady and spend some effort upon gaining the love of common people, you would soon have enough to make a whole kingdom following you."

"Kent, I'm afraid you've found another who has lost the road to happiness. Won't you help me to find it? You won't have to convert

me to 'Mormonism'because deep within me I have always known it is life, true, but how to work and apply its principles to my every day is yet a mystery to me."

"Have you time to read, mother?"

"My whole time is at your disposal, Kent."

450 IMPROVEMENT ERA

"Then I shall give you Added Upon to read. It will set you to

thinking and may make a lot of cloudy things clear."

That night Kent knelt in grateful prayer for the balm to his wound, which God had sent. For with his mother's new interest

and the possibility of bringing great happinessi to his father because of it, Kent was able to keep his smarting heart soothed. And as his

mission neared its end and her attitude toward her new faith grew more and more ideal, Kent developed a delicious eagerness that kept him almost continually thrilled with hope for great joy for his father and mother.

The night Kent received his release, he telephoned his mother to come over. She heard his announcement in silence. "Kent,"

she asked, "do you think your father will ever take me into his heart as he did when we were first married? Do you think he would take

me through the temple?"

"Why, mother!"Kent almost shouted in his joy, "that would be

one of the greatest joys that could happen to Dad! Will you do it,

mother? And take me through with you? All three of us to be sealed

together as a family for eternity?"

"We'll do it, Kent! Or at least we'll think we're going to do

it as long as we can. I've been awfully mean to Richard—your I don't deserve happiness with him, now that I'vefather—Kent.

found out how really wonderful he is. But I'll make it all up to him if

he'll only let me!"

"Mother, we're going home to great joy!"Kent's words sounded

to her like a glorious benediction.

"Kent, does he know about my being changed in the way I am?"she asked suddenly.

"No, mother. I wasn't sure you wouldn't change back again, and

I didn't want to disappoint him."

"Then let's keep it a secret. We'll see if a change in the heart

shows in the face. Let me go to him alone, and see if he will recognize

the change without being told."And with this great surprise in

store for his father, Kent's homecoming was not clouded by memories of Celia Marston that might have been his had he been different.

But it was and always would be sad, at times, he knew, because, of his great love for her, which he found did not lessen even after he knew she was impossible to him.

Richard had seen notice of his son's release, and was thinking that it took Kent a long time to write or telegraph when he might be expected. He was seated in his study, gazing thoughtfully into the

glowing fireplace, when the door softly opened and a woman entered so silently he did not know of her presence. She glided to a place

beside him and stood looking tenderly, longingly down upon him. She

saw him smile frequently as if some happy anticipation were being visioned as it would happen, and wondered if he was thinking of

A CAREER OF REPENTANCE 451

Kent's coming. Suddenly he looked up as if some unseen presence had

made him aware, and saw her.

Startled, he sprang to his feet, facing her. She never moved

nor uttered a sound, but just kept looking at him with that same tender longing. He reached out and touched her. A glorious light

leaped into his eyes. "Marcia!"he cried and caught her in his arms.

Some minutes later the door again opened to admit Kent. He

found his mother seated upon his father's lap, rumpling his hair and caressing him fondly. So engrossed were they, that he reached them

and placed a hand over the eyes of each before they knew anyone was near. "Kent!"shrieked his mother. And a moment later he was feeling

the welcoming hand clasp of his father. "Did he know, mother?"

smiled Kent.

Marcia Larson blushed. "Ask him, Kent."

Kent's look questioned his father. "Know what, son?"

"Why that mother had changed before she said anything."

"So it was a surprise, was it?"and Richard's eyes lighted anew.

"Yes I knew. But it seemed too good to be true. For a second I

thought I was seeing an apparition. But it isn't all over yet, son.

There are two others who can concoct really worthwhile surprises, besides you two,"and his gaze lingered fondly upon his wife. "Son, you

have brought back to me that which I prized most, and which I feared was lost. I am suffused with great bliss. But if you will wait here

until I call you, I will show you that I, at least, appreciate your efforts. Come dear,"he said tenderly to his wife, "leave him to his

thoughts and let him wonder about the Almighty's ways of rewarding faithfulness."

They left him staring after them with a puzzled expression that deepened with the moments. He wondered at his father's parting

words. Did he mean a costly present, jewels, a watch or a set of

books? Perhaps it was a missionary companion or somebody to whom

he had taken the message of the gospel come to bless him. A low

knock took him to the door where he met his father's smiling face again. "I only looked in to make sure you were still here, son. It

will be about five minutes more before my surprise will be ready.

Be careful with it, son, and think twice before you speak."

He wondered if his father didn't suspect how he felt about

Celia, and was making all the mystery in order to help him keep his mind off heart affairs. It showed just the thoughtfulness that his

father was capable of, but Celia Marston could not be driven from

Kent's memory by any means within mortal hands, he was sure. He

appreciated his father's efforts however, and resolved to keep his secret hidden in so far as would be necessary to keep an illusion for his father. He saw the door opening and wondered if he was supposed

452 IMPROVEMENT ERA

to be looking at it, or away. He decided upon the latter, and was

looking at the window away from the door when a low sob caught his ear. His heart began pumping furiously. He whirled about in

sudden suspicion, gripping himself with awful control.

Seconds seemed hours as he watched Celia coming toward him.

His body stood quietly to receive her nearness, perhaps even to touch her hand in friendship, but his soul shrank from such physical pains as began piercing it.

Dimly, as from a distance, he watched her uncertainty. It

was in her face, her whole attitude betokened it. He bearing—her

saw that she was thinking of what she had once seen in his eyes, and hoping to make it at least easier for her, lowered his gaze to the floor.

He felt her warm hands, not cold this time, but throbbing with life, grasp one of his. The mighthave-been of it, cut a swath

of terrific anguish through him. He dared not look up for fear, his

eyes were glassy with pain.

"Kent,"she sang softly, "don't be ashamed. Forget those awful

things you once said in my presence. God has forgiven you, and so

have I. A noble repentance like your's enriches a life more than

any life may be enriched which knows no such thing."

He struggled determinedly to keep from laughing rancously at the awful humor of the situation. Not once had he thought of what

he had said at that time, but only of what he would have said had she permitted it. She was taking his sorrow as shame.

"Kent, I am very happy because of your success as a missionary,"she sang again. But he could not look at her yet. There was a long

moment of silence while she waited for him to look up, and he struggled to do so. Then she spoke again, her voice full of hurt, "Kent,

didn't you want to see me?"

That was too much. His whole being answered that question in

a trembling sob. But his voice only said fiercely, "More than anything

else in the world. But not like this!"

She dropped his hand and recoiled a step at his burst of savageness. "Kent, what have I done?"She paused. "Why don't you

want to see me like this? You did once."

For the first time he looked at her. Never had she seen such

agony in a face. His tones were bitter with anguish. "Because you

are married, and I love you!"

She recoiled again is if from sudden shock. "How on earth!"

"I'd been known to read newspapers before, but not since,"he growled.

Her eyes lighted with sudden understanding. "And you've

thought all this time that I was married and still can that 1 show—Kent,story was an accident. Had you read a copy of the next issue of that

paper you would have understood. It was an excusable mixup. Frank

Harris'bride was expected on that train, but as none of the reporters

A CAREER OF REPENTANCE 453

had seen her, each was asking questions that would politely disclose her identity without directly seeming to. One asked me if I was the

lady from Boston, and almost unconsciously I answered, yes. He

asked my name and rushed off. That little announcement was the

result. All the papers didn't have one like that. Most of them had

it right. That one corrected its mistake the next morning."

It was fully an hour later when a knock sounded upon the door that reminded them that the earth, yea even that very house, held others beside themselves. "And so you see, dear,"she was saying,

"had it not been for those absurd news notes, your father wouldn't have known about my being in the city, and wouldn't have been able to give me a position where we became better and better acquainted until he told me about you. After that we watched your missionary career

with ever increasing interest. Your father called it your 'Career

of repentance'."

Looell, Wyoming.

A Noble Pursuit By Joseph S. Peery

All adults have a responsibility to help the young. It is your

business and my business. We must not shirk that responsibility, nor

pass it on to someone else. We are accountable for our influence—

good or bad. We would all like to have it said of us, when we get

to the other side: The world is better for your having lived. We all

would shrink from: The world is worse for your having lived.

We all have influence for good or evil with the young. How

noble, how Godlike, to help the young become better, to instill faith in God in the hearts of every young person we touch. What could

be worse than to impair, to destroy faith in the hearts of the young, to delude them into thinking their parents are wrong, that reason is the thing most desired, to lead them away from simple faith into the worship of mentality.

A teacher who deliberately beguiles a young person from simple faith in God and in his Son Jesus Christ into the gloomy darkness of infidelity, deserves the Savior's terrible rebuke: "Whoso shall

offend one of these little ones which believe in me, it were better for him that a millstone were hanged about his neck, and that he were drowned in the depth of the sea."(Matt. 18:6.) What worse hell

could he face than a decree on the other side: You must stop—be

barred from progressing, until you replace the faith you took away.

In turn you are responsible for your pupils instilling infidelity into the hearts of others.

What greater joy could come to a spiritual leader and adviser of the young: "Well done, thou good and faithful servant: thou

hast been faithful over a few things, I will make thee ruler over many things: enter thou into the joy of thy Lord."(Matt. 25:21.)

On whose side are you and I working?

THE HERMIT By Ruth Fishel and Fred McLaughlin

As the sun went down behind the low Florida coast, Miss Bettina suddenly famous as a amid theCrosby—grown novelist—crouched

ornate furnishings of her motor boat and frenziedly, bailed—bailed

desperately, hopelessly. Each green, oncoming wave lifted the boat,

and breaking into hissing yellow foam, contributed its fateful burden of water, then slid out from under the helpless craft, which plunged again into the trough, while the girl held on in breathless terror.

Resting a moment from her labors she contemplated the shining

could be more useless than a motor boat with a dead motor?"brass"—whatand silver and polished mahogany. "A motor boat,"she gasped

I ever get out of this—"She choked back a sob. "Not even an oar! If

A gull, idly curious, flew low, studying her. For an hour now

he had followed her. The mastery of his magic wings infuriated

her; she suddenly hated the dark, buttonlike, expressionless eyes.

She swung her arms wildly and yelled. He swept away in a graceful

curve and came back, ever watchful, ever near.

She studied the plunging sea and the scudding clouds. The

constant splashing slap of waves and the tearing shriek of the wind had strained her nerves to the breaking point, the futile frenzied labor of bailing had worn her body to a tired, helpless numbness. Utter loneliness took possession of her. All the world that she had known

seemed suddenly gone. There was left only icy water that chilled

her, only the foamflecked sky and a wild tumultuous consea—a

stantly menacing sea that promised death with every topling wave.

"Smart!"she gasped. "That's what I was. They said it was

going to blow, and I laughed at them laughedl"She took a long breath and watched the boat fill. "Well, guess there's nothing."I—I

A lump came up in her throat. They will miss guess."me—I

She quailed before a monster wave that drenched her and, cowering in the bottom of the boat, sobbed out her helpless misery.

She watched each wave as it came. She wondered with a sort

of detached fascination if that wave would be the last. She wondered

too how long she might be able to swim, yet she knew that a minute would be just the same as an hour.

The water crept up around her body. As the shining brass and

silver and mahogany went down she kept her head above the surface and her eyes upon the last green rolling ridge that bore down upon her. She saw, as in a dream, a tiny boat with a huge lugsail top the foaming crest, dip, and careening crazily, slide down the

side of the wave.

THE HERMIT 455

Hermit,"she sobbed. "Bless him!""The—the

She watched him shorten the sail and put the rudder down, saw the boat come around like a thing of intelligence, felt the grip of muscular fingers on her shoulder, the clasp of strong arms, and finally, the comforting warmth of some soft enfolding garment.

After two hours of grevious buffetings, the Hermit brought his tiny craft safely through the line of guarding islands and sailed slowly up the silvery bay under a glorious tropical moon.

Warm now and comfortably cuddled against the mast, she watched him through halfclosed eyes. The coarse brown shirt and heavy

corduroys could not conceal the easy grace of the man. He still

wore the huge blue goggles that had piqued her curiosity weeks before. Puttputting past his crude houseboat snuggled among the

willows, she had seen him loafing lazily in the sun, with his blue goggles, and a alone. Many times she had passed book—always

him and his craft, with its unwieldy sail, scudding precariously before the wind or tacking laboriously homeward. She had called

him the Hermit, and her mother, practical and progressive, had laughed at her.

She moved, and he turned his head slightly. "All right?"

His voice held a vibrant note of anxiety.

"Umphhumph."

He moved restlessly. "Did you know it was going to blow?"

She sat up suddenly and studied him.

"Shame to lose that beautiful boat,"he mused.

"Oh!"she gasped. "The boat indeed—humph!"

He raised his head and smiled at the moon.

the sea?""Does the sun hurt your eyes,"she asked, "—and

He nodded. "And the moon?"

"Not at all."He took off the offending goggles and put them

in the pocket of hi9 shirt.

"That's a lot better."She liked his eyes; the blue of them

was almost purple in the moonlight. "I've been calling you the

Hermit,"she confided.

he explained, "and the wind came up. You "I go out,"saw you back—didn't come—you

"So you risked your life in that storm?"

you have "I like it; it's great, to see what you can do—when

to. You will have to buy another boat."

"Sure."She was silent a minute. "They told me it wouldblow; shouldn't have gone out, but—I—I

"You had to,"he finished for her; "I understand. We have to

astry everything once. We are not as considerate of our parentswe should be, Miss Crosby—

"Then you know?"

456 IMPROVEMENT ERA

"Of course; besides, your picture is in the Miami paper, with

a long writeup of your life, and a most favorable criticism of 'Angela Comes Alive.'It has been proclaimed the greatest novel

of the year. You are to be congratulated; you're famous almost

overnight. Don't you feel * * *?"He was smiling at her

happily, but he found no answering smile in her eyes; only surprise

and hurt, and a little fear.

She sprang to her feet and held to the mast for support. "If you

ever mention that despicable book again, I'll—"

"It's a beautiful book,"he broke in softly, "a beautiful book."

He touched the rudder and the boat swung silently in toward the tiny landing, which led, by a narrow driveway flanked with palms, to the Crosby mansion.

"I'm sorry,"she said contritely. "You were very fine and

brave. Please don't mention the book again."

He nodded and she went on: "Mother will want to thank you;

will you come up and see Mother?"you—will

He looked at the dim white house, lacy and beautiful in the moonlit distance; he studied the girl, slim, lovely, with her great

gray eyes and her youthful eagerness, and then he looked down at his own crude outfit. "Perhaps I'd better wait,"he said; "don't

you think I'd better?"There was a pleading earnestness in his

voice that thrilled her.

"Alright.""And I will see you sometime?"

your blue goggles disappear entirely from the earth."and—andShe held out her hand. "You will, unless you and your boat

Then she left him standing alone on the little wharf, him—left

watching her until she disappeared among the other wraiths in the moonlight.

Hurrying toward the house she took no note of the slim, sentinellike trunks of the palms, or of the velvety smoothness of lawn, checkered with silver and brown. She was cold, cold from the wet

and clinging garments; and hot, boiling with unreasoning rage against

her mother. She was buoyed by a new and indescribable thrill, and

nerveless and broken by the strain of her escapade. She was a living

panorama of emotions. She burst in upon her mother and father.

Her father sat, half lost, in a great chair with deep leather cushions. He was pale, with scant gray hair, empty, inefficient

hands, and a dreamy sort of imagery in his eyes. He raised a newspaper futilely as his daughter entered. "There she is, Caroline—at

last,"he said.

"I've seen him,"she cried breathlessly; "he has the nicest eyes,

and the whitest teeth, and his shoulders—he—

"You're all wet, Bettina,"said her mother.

Mr. Crosby half raised himself from the cushions. "Why,

THE HERMIT 457

Caroline, I never heard you use slang."

"She's been in the water,"explained Caroline.

"I went beyond the islands and a storm blew me out to sea.The motor quit, and—

"You were out in that storm—Betty?"

"Yes, mother; and the boat sankHe picked me up out of the

ocean. She laughed shrilly. "He picked me up in that crazy catboat of his. He had followed me. Then he put back and worked it

into the storm. It took hours."She clasped her hands against her

heaving bosom. "Ah, what a man!"

"Who?""The Hermit, Mother."

"Oh, the Hermit."Her mother spoke with fine sarcasm: "And

he has the nicest eyes, has he, and the whitest teethand hisshoulders—

"Now, Caroline,"said Mr. Crosby, gently chiding.

"Humph, the longshoreman with his indolence and Hermit—the

his uncouth apparel and his foolish blue is the Hermit?"goggles—who don't know, Mother, but—"I—I

"Go change your clothes, Bettina,"said Caroline with heavy finality; "I want to talk to you."

The Hermit dug a hole in the white sand with a heavy heel. He

looked out over the blue and silver bay to the line of barrier islands which served always to spend the strength of breakers. A few white

gulls rode high on the surface of the water and a lone blue crane came winging up the bay in long, laborious lunges.

"A great university, Betty,"he was saying, "can teach a man a lot of useless things."

"But you did something, you?"Ted—didn't

"Umph humph. Let's see: I was right halfback for two years,

I won the pole vault, I was the best ukulele player in the Sigma Chi, and I used to fling a wicked barytone."

"It that all?"She studied the gentle ripples at their feet, a

mute hopelessness in her eyes. "It that all?"

"No indeed."He brightened up. "I was editor of the University magazine, and I spent twenty thousand dollars in four years."

She drew in a long breath. "And since then?"

"I tried newspaper work, but my stuff was not newspaper style;

too much imagination, too little fact. They threw me out. I spent

a year in my father's office in New York. Another flop. The

Governor had a right to be disgusted. Funny how sons can be so

different. He staked me again. He said that the world was full

of opportunities. He told me to find one of them and bring it home,

but not to come home without it. I haven't."He spread his arms

wide. "Oh well."

458 IMPROVEMENT ERA

"Go on, Ted,"she urged.

"So I came here and got the unbeautiful houseboat and that rustic, awkward looking thing with the oversize sail."

"And you have written?"

He nodded. "It has been a little quiet here and, up to the

time of that heavensent storm, a bit lonesome. Since then I've beenvery, very happy. Betty, you—

She touched his hand gently. "You finished your book, didn't

you, Ted?"He smiled happily. She loved that smile because she saw in it all

the yearning eagerness of his heart. "Yes, I rewrote I met it—after

you, and something of you went into it. It gave me such a joy

to write it."His rich blue eyes were searching her face hungrily.

"Some of the fine idealism of you went into that book, some of the sweet and winning frankness, some of the loveliness, and the ever delightful, varying moods of you. When you read a book you make

yourself the hero, and someone very dear to you the heroine, and you live the love scenes over and over again; when you write one

—ah!""You're nice, Ted,"she said softly.

"Since I picked you up out of the ocean you've been a lodestar of love, of ambition. For the first time life seemed worth while.

The book was a labor of love, Betty; it is you, and because it is you

it will go."

"I'm glad for you, Ted."She leaned against his shoulder.

"If it lands, Bettina, honey, I'm going to ask you to marry me."

"No,"she said, "no."She tried vainly to push away from him.

"No, Ted, never!"

"Why, honey; you love me?"The eager yearning in his fine

eyes and the fading hope in his voice hurt her. "You love me, don't

you?"She nodded against his shoulder. "But I c-can't marry you

never!""Never is a long time, Betty; I thought—

"I I can't."know—but

He put his hand under the sweetly pointed chin, and lifting the wistful face, studied the clear gray eyes until he saw tears beginning to form. "I'm sorry I hurt you,"he said gently. "If you love me,

is there any reason why you cannot marry me? Surely you can tell

me why."I "Because I'm a fraud."She hid her face against him. "A faker, a hypocrite—

"No,"he said; "just a sweet, slim little angel with the wonderjust made for kissing, and—fullestlips—lipsgray eyes, and the softest brown curls, and the most adorable red

"Don't, kiss me again, you you please—don't Ted—please;

THE HERMIT 459

make it so hard for me. Oh, I'm miserable, unhappy, fearful. Why

didn't you let me die in the ocean? Every day I wait for the crash."

"Crash? There can't be a crash."Far away across the tiny inlet

he could see the ornate gate that led into the Crosby estate, a thing book must have paid you a fortune. You——yourof wealth and magnificence. "There can't be a crash, Betty; your

"The book is just the trouble, Ted; can't you see?"

He waited for her to continue. "See what, honey? I can see

only a very lovely face."

"Listen, Ted, dear; I must tell I'm going away. you—then

I've been waiting for the thing to happen, as it must, some day.

When it does I cannot face you.""I'm listening, honey, but I warn you—

"You think you are in love with a great author, don't you?""I know I'm in love, but—

She rushed on, headlong: "One whose book is selling by the

thousands, one whose name is on the lips of everyone who reads, whose picture may be found in magazines and in the papers, whose everychildish prank has been depicted for the multitude. Oh—"She

was sobbing frenziedly. "Ted, didn't write that book."She I—I

held to the lapels of his coat. "I didn't write it, Ted; I couldn't

write a decent paragraph to save my life. It's all a beastly sordid

plot a trick!"She was crying softly against his shoulder. "Now

you will hate me, love you so!"and—Oh, I—I

He held her close, kissing the soft shining curls, the tearwet eyes, and the sweet tremulous mouth. She reached up and touched his cheek.

"Whatever was done,"he said after a long silence, "you could not have done it; I think you could not have prevented it."

still love me a little?"—you"I must tell you, Ted. Yes, you must let me tell you. You

"More than ever, honey."He was smiling happily. She

imagined she found a great relief in his face, as though he had feared some impending catastrophe, and had suddenly discovered his fears to be groundless.

"Mother is a kind of a—a—

Roman?""—a

"Yes, Ted,"she smiled wanly; "a Roman. Dad is a sort of

dreamer, but a you, Ted. Don't kiss me until I have dear—like

Where was I? Dad had a little electrical shop, andfinished—wait!

puttered with his foolish inventions. Not so able, nor so successful,

but happy, dear; and that counts for so much. Let me talk—I'll

never get through if you keep on kissing me; you can kiss me

afterward. Wait, Ted.

"Mother made him sell out, sold his shop, sold the home. I

suppose she got twenty thousand for all of it. In five years she

460 IMPROVEMENT ERA

ran that into a vast fortune. I think it was mainly Florida real

estate. Mother usually gets what she goes after."

Bettina waved her hand toward the Crosby estate. "After that

mother waited, but people the by the beautiful gate. people—drove

Do you see, Ted?"

The Hermit nodded.

"I didn't seem to care for the social stuff, which of course made it harder for mother, but obstacles for mother are only stepping stones to success.

"Literary people always have entree. Therefore I must write

a book, I must be famous. Everything that mother did she did

for me. Few people have ever prevailed against her will. A book

even an ordinary be so advertised as to sell, and sell book—may

extensively.

"Mother finally found a struggling author with a sort novel—a

of bureau drawer masterpiece. You know, Ted?"

"Yes, I know,"said the Hermit ruefully; "most novels are

bureau drawer masterpieces."

"So she bought it; for a thousand dollars she bought 'Angela

Comes Alive'from Mr. Arlo Anderson. All rights to it—authorship,

royalties, everything. Ted, I knew nothing about it until the book

was out. I never saw Mr. Anderson, I hope never see him, I—I

but there is no probability that he will keep quiet now that the book

Ted, I'mis a hit. And when Arlo Anderson does show up—Oh

afraid!""Why worry; didn't your mother buy the thing?""Yes, but—

"Hadn't she the legal right to do what she did?"

"Yes.""Then everyone can know."

"Ted, you're a dreamer, and a dear, but you don't see very far ahead. When people find out that Bettina Crosby, advertised author

of 'Angela Comes Alive,'did not write the novel they are going to laugh me off the face of the earth. I c-can't stand it. Arlo Anderson

will come back, there will be blackmail—"

"No, sweetheart!"

"I want to get away from it, to hide; Oh, to have been a party

to such a hoax! Don't you hate me, Ted? You're so fine, so

clean, so honorable; can you love me now? Why, you're crying, dear;

what is it?"

"Just tears of happiness, honey. Will you marry me, Betty,

if my book lands?"

it lands or not; I won't be able to help myself.""Yes—whether

"May I kiss you now?"

"Umph humph."

Slim shadows of palm trees lengthened across the inlet.

THE HERMIT 461

"I'm coming up tonight, Betty; may I?"

"Umph humph."The girl laughed a little. "Mother will be

surprised when she discovers that my longshoreman, as she calls you, is Ted Meredith."

"Yes, your mother will be surprised,"said Ted.

Mrs. Meredith has taken mother up, as you know,"said Bettina,

"and people the not pass the gate any more."people—do

"Fine,"said the Hermit; "I'll bring mother tonight."

can't; you've never been home "Ted—you since—since—

"Since the Governor gave me the gate, but he told me to bring home an opportunity, and I'm going to do it."

"You came here to be near your mother, Ted, didn't you?"

"Sure. No one knows me around here; I've been away at

school. Besides, the the blue up a satisoutfit—and goggles'—made

factory camouflage. I'm taking home an opportunity today, Betty,

and I think the Governor will be glad to see me."

Mrs. Caroline Crosby bit off the sunny side of a* peach and

chewed contentedly. Bettina, with fair young face upturned, transfigured, studied the golden moon. Her mother's voice broke into

her reverie:

"Mrs. Meredith is coming over tonight, Bettina."

"How nice,"said Bettina.

"And she's bringing her son, who has just come home. Mrs.

Meredith has spoken so often of her son. I hope you like him."

"Umph humph,"said Bettina.

"I have been harboring a faint hope,"continued Mrs. Crosby

tentatively, "that young Mr. Meredith might take the place of your

longshoreman."

"Me too,"said Bettina.

"Your conduct, my dear, with that creature has been little short of reprehensible. It has been a source of disappointment to me.The Merediths, as you know, are—

But Mrs. Crosby didn't finish, for a motor car, swinging into

the drive, swept the magnificent porch with a sudden flare of light.

Bettina fled, and her mother went out to meet them.

The two women pecked each other perfunctorily on the cheek, and then the hostess held out her hand to the gentleman who had been proudly introduced as "my son."She saw a faultlessly attired

young man with frank blue eyes and a most engaging smile on his bronzed, handsome face. "Mr. Anderson!"she gasped "—ArloAnderson! How in the world—

Ted shook the limp hand. "Not at all,"he said, winking

portentiously, "Mr. Meredith."

"But you—-"

"Ted, you rascal,"broke in his mother, "what kind of a game have you been playing?"

"Just a little joke on Mrs. Crosby."He winked again.

462 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Anyone who has run twenty thousand dollars into a million cannot by any stretch of imagination be considered simple. Mrs Crosby

laughed. "It was a happy laugh, a laugh full of pentup emotions,

of relief. "Ted has written a book,"said Mrs. Meredith happily, "and

the publishers have just accepted sent him a check. His it—and

father is very proud of him."

"Isn't that fine?"said Mrs. Crosby.

"And I thought it would be so nice if he and see, Bettina—youboth are interested in literature."

"Yees,"said Mrs. Crosby. "You see—"Ted squared his shoulders daughter has "—yourdone me the honor to promise to marry me, and—

Mrs. Crosby gasped again. never saw you!""She—she

Young Meredith smiled at her. She considered the deep blue

of his eyes, the even white teeth, and the shoulders. "The Hermit!"

He nodded. "Sure."

"I'm sunk,"said Mrs. Crosby.

They heard a light step and knew that Bettina was coming.

Ted Meredith turned quickly to his prospective motherin-law. "Arlo

Anderson is dead,"he breathed, "forever and ever."

"Amen!"said Mrs. Crosby.

Washington, D. C.

My Guide

Unworthily I tread the path toward God,

Though oft my tears rain down upon the mountain sod.

The Master's footsteps I but dimly trace,

And yet I follow meekly, through his grace;

I needs must travel brier and thicket, marsh and flood,

Whate'er betide, I know that God is good.

I know my Lord has passed along this way,

Submitting to his Father's stay. will—his hope and

I wander far afield and heavy grows my load,

But love divine fresh vision gives to see the road

Where flowers and fragrant roses strew the beaten track;

I whisper thanks to him who draws me back.

The Christ life beckons ever up the grassy slopes

Toward peace and calm content and heightened hopes;

I proudly gird my armour on, renew the fight,

Since he has promised strength and power to do the right

Though friends forsake and I may seem alone,

His tender Spirit will be there to fortify my own.

Kershaw N. White.

Salt Lake City HISTORY OF OLD BRUNO By Joseph J. Porter, Forest Ranger.

For a number of years an old grizzly bear roamed over the

Escalante mountain, killing stock wherever he went, and terrorizing everyone he met. Cowboys, forest rangers, campers, in fact everyone

who rode over the mountain, were on the alert for old Bruno, hoping sometimes to meet up with him and get in a fatal shot. Every camper,

on retiring for the night, slept as the old saying is, "with one eye open,"watching for old Bruno that he might not call on them when they were asleep.

But finally the time came that he did catch two forest rangers asleep in their tent. These rangers were Ambrose Shurtz and myself.

They had planned a trip around in the head of North Creek where they were to meet at a certain date, before going to Escalante after supplies. After having been out in his district for about two weeks,

Ranger Shurtz arrived. While coming in he passed the Willow Bottom

reservoir which was located at the head of Twitchell Creek, a branch of North Creek. The reservoir was full and the dam was about to

break, but he went on down the creek and selected a nice place to camp in a grassy flat by some willows where a ranch, or rather a dairy, was once located. He hobbled his horses out on the grass,

pitched his tent and got camp fixed up in fine slnpe when Ranger

Porter rolled in about three p. m.

They had a little chat and luncheon, then decided to go down to the brook and catch a mess of trout to take home the next day.

After fixing up the fishing tackle, they went down to the brook, and returned to camp in a couple of hours, each with a nice string of trout.

By this time it was dark and had begun to rain, so the saddles were piled, with guns strapped onto them, at the foot of the bed to keep them out of the wet. The rangers sat on the bed talking

about their luck catching the trout, about their trip through their districts, and about the weather. During this time they had been

cleaning the trout, and when they had finished, the refuse from the fish was thrown just outside of the tent door, and the trout were placed just inside of the tent.

The rangers waited for some time for the rain to cease so they could build a campfire and prepare some supper, but it continued to pour down so they decided to go to bed without eating. Just before

retiring for the night Ranger Porter stepped to the tent door, and on looking around said, "I'd like to see old Bruno step out on the flat."

"Why?"asked Ranger Shurtz. "O,"Porter answered, "so I could

get on him and take a ride,"and laughed.

Porter soon fell asleep. A short time after Shurtz awakened Porter

and wanted to move the camp up on the side hill. He had been

464 IMPROVEMENT ERA

thinking about the reservoir. at the head of the creek, and thought it

would break the dam and come down the canyon and wash them away.

After talking hard Porter convinced Shurtz that they would hear it coming and would have time to move before it reached them in case the dam broke. Porter was soon asleep again, but it was not long

until Shurtz awakened him. Porter asked, "What in the world is wrong

with you? Have you the jim jams?"Shurtz said there was nothing

wrong with him only he couldn't go to sleep. "Something has

knocked the guy ropes from the tent and let it fall in my face, and I'm going to fix it,"he added. Porter advised him to tuck the

tent down around the bed and not go out in the wet, as he might catch cold, "but for goodness sake, let me go to sleep."They lay

down again and Porter was soon asleep, for he was tired from his long day's ride over the range.

In just a few minutes Shurtz gave Porter a sharp poke in the ribs and exclaimed, "Porter, for heaven's sake, look at that big bear!"

Porter opened his eyes and there stood the big grizzly about a third of the way into the tent. Porter covered up his head and thought of

all the mean things he had ever done, while Shurtz was trying to crawl under him. "Here! Don't crowd me out of bed,"he said, and

then got up courage enough to peek out from under the covers. There

stood old Bruno calmly eating up the fish and looking around at the rangers. The men lay very still and watched him. After eating

all the fish he lapped out the dish and licked his chops with his long tongue, then looked down at the rangers as if to say, "Lie still. I am

boss here."There was nothing for the men to do but lie still. The

bear was so near that Porter could have reached out and touched him with his fingers. Shurtz had a quarter of mutton hanging on a tent

pole and the old bear would look up a,t it and then back at the rangers. Shurtz said, "Porter, he is going to get my mutton. What

shall I do?"Porter replied, "Well, let him have it. I am not going

to try to stop him."

Apparently the bear had only come for something to eat, and began to move off slowly. He had no sooner started than the rangers

jumped for their guns, but Porter could not find his gun, and was rummaging frantically for it. "Why, you have hold of it now, pull

it out,"Shurtz shouted. Porter must have been "some"rattled.

Bruno had gone about twentv vards when the rangers fired.

With a growl and a jump he was shots had missed their gone—the

mark.

The rangers sat in the tent awhile talking about the adventure.

Shurtz asked. "Porter, why didn't you ride him?"Porter replied,

"I couldn't find my spurs."They went to bed. but thev confessed

that they didn't sleep much for fear of old Bruno coming back.

Early in the morning the rangers went out to see if they had hit the bear, but could find no trace of any blood. They tracked him

across the creek, and saw where he had sat down, scratched around in

HISTORY OF OLD BRUNO 465

the dirt and then gone out through the timber. The rangers went back

to camp, got breakfast, rangled their horses, put on their packs, and started for Escalante, feeling sorry about the loss of the fish and the fact that they had missed old Bruno, but glad that they were alive.

After traveling about twenty miles down North Creek, the rangers came to Escalante, a town of approximately 1,110 people. A

big baseball game was on, so after taking care of their outfits, the rangers, of course, went to see the game. They told of their experience

with old Bruno, which caused quite a sensation in the crowd, and they gathered around to hear the story. The crowd listened with great

interest until the story was finished, then each began to express his opinion and tell what he would have done under the same circumstances. One man in particular, Ranger Shurtz's brother, Don C.

Shurtz, said that if he "had been there he would have had old Bruno's pelt hanging on the fence now."Others said they would have thrown

a blanket over his head and then cut his throat with a knife. Some

said they would have shouted and given a jump at him, and in that case he would have broken his neck to get away. But one old bear

hunter said that the rangers had done the right thing by keeping still, and not bothering him, for if they had bothered him, the bear would have killed them. The rangers felt that the old hunter was right, as

the bear didn't look to them as if he was a coward.

Mr. Don C. Shurtz seemed the most anxious to get a shot at

old Bruno, so Ranger Porter told him that he was going back in a few days and would like to have him go along. Mr. Shurtz was going

on the mountain to take out a load of salt for his cattle, and if Mr.

Porter would go around with him he would go with Porter and get the bear, and the plan.was agreed upon. Mr. Shurtz was one of the firsc

settlers of Escalante, is a good marksman, and quite a sport.

After getting their supplies and outfit ready, Mr. Shurtz and M-.

Porter left Escanante about ten o'clock one morning, going up the right hand fork of North Creek. After a day's travel they camped at

the hog ranch, where Mr. Shurtz'cattle were located. The salt was

put out for the cattle, camp prepared, and they sat down to supper.

While they were eating, Mr. Shurtz said, "Sit still. Do not move!"

Porter did not know what was up. Shurtz raised his gun and fired

lo and behold, there was a fine big buck deer passing by. As it was

dark, the shot missed its mark and the deer got off free.

The hunters soon retired for an uneventful night. Next morning

Mr. Shurtz got breakfast while Mr. Porter rangled the horses and

packed up, so they were soon on their journey. After a few hours'ride

they came to the spot where old Bruno gave the rangers the scare.

They pitched their tent, took care of their horses, and were soon down at the creek catching a mess of trout for supper. They returned in a

couple of hours with a nice string of trout, which they soon had frying over the campfire. These men thought they would eat the fish

before old Bruno had a chance at them. Porter showed Shurtz where

466 IMPROVEMENT ERA

they had their experience with the bear. Shurtz sized up the situation

and made the remark that "they would get him tonight if he came."

After sitting around the campfire for awhile, talking about the topics of the times, they went to bed to await results. Mr. Porter,

thinking Mr. Shurtz would want the best position, suggested that

Shurtz sleep at the front of the bed, but he declined saying, he "would not sleep on the side next to the tent door for a thousand dollars."

Mr. Shurtz began to show signs of cold feet, and was not half so

brave when it came to the real thing. Porter had to take the front of

the bed.

In a short time Shurtz was asleep and snoring. Porter lay there

awake for probably two hours, when suddenly he heard the underbrush begin to crackle as something came down the side hill. He listened,

thinking perhaps it might be one of the horses coming into camp. All

at once he heard a growl. He gave Shurtz a poke in the ribs and exclaimed, "There is old Bruno."Shurtz raised up in bed, grabbing his

gun and said, "Gee! Where is he?"and began to work the lever of

his gun and threw all of the cartridges out upon the ground. Being

awakened so quickly, he did not know what he was doing. The clicking of the gun had alarmed the bear and Porter heard him hurry off

down the mountain side.

Next morning bright and early Mr. Shurtz went out to see where

the bear had been. He thought Porter was just trying to fool him.

In a moment Shurtz called from back of the tent, "Porter, come here quick and look."Porter went, and there were old Bruno's tracks

where he had come up behind the tent, then whirled and run.

Mr. Shurtz said, "Now, Porter, if you won't tell this on me,

I will give you the best cow I own."Porter thought it was too good

to keep, so when they got to town he sprang the story and the fellows gave Shurtz the laugh. Even the little boys would holler at him and

ask him if he had old Bruno's pelt hanging on the fence.

After Don Shurtz had told the experience he had had with old

Bruno, Mr. Andrew Morton and Mr. Ben Tanner decided they were

the ones to get him and pledged themselves to each other that they would stay on old Bruno's trail until he was brought to justice. After

equipping themselves with special guns, revolvers, butcher knives, traps and pack outfit, they started out with brave hearts to find old Bruno's trail. Not long after reaching the mountain they found fresh signs

where the old bear had been. They started in pursuit, thinking every

moment they would overtake their prey. But like others who had

sworn vengeance on old Bruno, they camped on his trail for days, and for weeks, old Bruno giving them the slip every time. They trailed

him back and forth from Cannon mountain to the east end of the

Boulder mountain, a distance of about 150 miles, setting traps on his trail, but old Bruno continued to evade them. Finally they located

a place along the trail where the bear would always go through between two huge rocks at the point of the ledge. They decided to set

HISTORY OF OLD BRUNO 467

a gun for him, with a string attached to the trigger, so when the bear came along and struck the string it would set off the gun and kill him.

After setting the gun and getting everything fixed in proper shape, they went back into another part of the range to await results. A few

days later they returned to see what had happened, or rather to sec \\hat success they had had from the snare. There had been a great

mixup. Old Bruno had run into the snare and received the full

contents of the gun, and had torn things up until the place looked as if a cyclone had struck it. But Bruno had made his escape. The

hunters trailed him for about sixty miles, and although his tracks showed that he was traveling on three legs, they could not overtake him. They decided to go to Escalante for supplies and take up the

trail again later. However, while they were away, a storm came up

and when they returned the old bear's tracks had been entirely obliterated. They said that while they had been on the old bear's trail they

found Where he had killed 38 head of cattle in ten days. Being

wounded, old Bruno did not show up for some time. Mr. Morton

caught a few small bear while on his trip, but he had to give old

Bruno up.

The time finally came when old Bruno "hit the dust."In the

spring of 1916 Mr. Reuben Jolly and Mr. Chess Riddle, from Coyote,

went out on the west mountain to look after their stock. About

seven miles from town they ran onto the old outlaw. A fierce fight

was soon on. The boys were well armed and began to shoot. The

bear took after them, but the boys stood their ground for awhile until he got too close for comfort. They brought him to the ground several

times, but old Bruno would rally and come again. After chasing back

and forth through the timber and rocks for about three hours, the fatal shot was fired that put old Bruno to the bad.

After taking his pelt they made an examination and discovered that they had shot him about thirty times. He weighed 1400

pounds and was very fat.

Mr. Jolly and Mr. Riddle were lucky, as the stockmen had offered

a reward of $500 for old Bruno, which was soon paid. Mr. Riddle,

of Coyote, had the old bear's pelt tanned and is using it for a rug.

It is a fine specimen to see.

Now, when any one goes out on the mountain they can lie down and sleep without having any fear of the old outlaw bothering them.

There are a great many other circumstances that could be mentioned about old Bruno, but thinking perhaps you are tired reading this kind of history, will bring my story to a close.

Escalante. Utah.

Mr. and Mrs. William Harrison Homer

THE PASSING OF MARTIN HARRIS

By William Harrison Homer

[Brother William Harrison Homer, who has written the following testimony concerning Martin Harris, one of the three witnesses to the Book of Mormon, was born in 1845. He filled a mission in Great Britain in 186 7-69. He has lived an

honorable life of great activity. He and his good wife, who celebrated their

golden wedding anniversary several years ago, are still living in fair health on Provo

Bench. It was the privilege of Brother Homer to hear the testimony of Martin

Harris under the unique conditions here described. "To hear Brother Homer relate

the testimony of Martin Harris,"says Dr. Widtsoe of the Council 'of the Twelve,

"is a thrilling experience. The witnesses to the divine authenticity of the Book

of Mormon have passed into the spirit world, and not many remain who have heard their testimony. The unusual experience of Brother Homer is of great

historical interest and is faithpromoting. Brother Homer's testimony is of itself

convincing for, 'as he speaks, the fire of full knowledge touches all who listen: and

he delights to repeat Martin Harris'testimony, and to bear his own to the truth of the Book of Mormon."The Improvement Era takes pleasure in reproducing the

testimony herewith.—EDITORS.]

I first saw Martin Harris in Kirtland, Ohio, about the last of

December, 1869. On my return from a mission in England I stopped

to visit some of my relatives in Pennsylvania. On resuming my

journey, one of my cousins, James- A. Crockett, who was not a

member of the Church, came as far as Kirtland, Ohio, with me. We

remained in Kirtland over night and the next morning after breakfast, we asked the -landlord who was custodian of the Mormon temple at Kirtland and he informed us that Martin Harris was custodian, and pointed out to us where we would find the old gentleman. Accordingly we went to the door and knocked. In answer to our knock

there came to the door of the cottage a poorly clad, emaciated little man,

THE PASSING OF MARTIN HARRIS 469

on whom the winter of life was weighing heavily. It was Martin

Harris. In his face might be read the story of his life. There were

the marks of spiritual upliftment. There were the marks of keen

dissappointment. There was the hunger strain for the peace, the contentment, the divine calm that it seemed could come no more into his

life. It was a pathetic figure, and yet it was a figure of strength.

For with it all there was something about the little man which revealed the fact that he had lived richly, that into his life had entered such noble experiences as come to the lives of but few.

I introduced myself modestly as a brotherin-law of Martin

Harris, as an Elder of the he had married my eldest Jr.—as sister—and

Church who was returning from a foreign mission. The effect of the

introduction was electric! The fact of relationship was overwhelmed

by the fact of Utah citizenship. The old man bristled with vindictiveness. "One of those Brighamite 'Mormons,'are you?"he

snapped. Then he railed impatiently against Utah and the founder

of the "Mormon"commonwealth. It was in vain that I tried to

turn the old man's attention to his family. Martin Harris seemed

to be obsessed. He would not understand that there stood before

him a man who knew his wife and children, who had followed the

Church to Utah.

After some time, however, the old man said, "You want to see the Temple, do you?""Yes, indeed,"I exclaimed, "If we may."

"Well, I'll get the key."From that moment, Martin Harris, in

spite of occasional outbursts, radiated with interest. He led us

through the rooms of the Temple and explained how they were used.

He pointed out the place of the School of the Prophets. He showed

where the Temple curtain had at one time hung. He related thrilling

experiences in connection with the history of the sacred building. In

the basement, as elsewhere, there were many signs of dilapidation;

the plaster had fallen off the ceilings and the walls; windows were

broken; the woodwork was stained and marred. Whether it was

the influence of these conditions or not, it is difficult to tell, but here again, Martin Harris was moved to speak against the Utah "Mormons."

An injustice, a gross injustice had been done to him. He should

have been chosen President of the Church.

When the old man was somewhat exhausted, I asked, "Is it not true that you were once very prominent in the Church, that you gave liberally of your means, and that you were active in the performance of your duties?""That is very true,"replied Martin

Harris, "Things were alright then. I was honored while the people

were here, but now that I am old and poor it is all different."

"Really,"I replied, "how can that be?""What about your

testimony to the Book of Mormon? Do you still believe that the

Book of Mormon is true and that Joseph Smith was a Prophet?"Again

the effect was electric. A changed old man stood before me. It

470 IMPROVEMENT ERA

was no longer a man with an imagined grievance. It was a man with

a message, a man with a noble conviction in his heart, a man inspired of God and endowed with divine knowledge. Through the

broken window of the Temple shone the winter sain, clear and radiant.

"Young man,"answered Martin Harris with impressiveness, "Do

I believe it! Do you see the sun shining! Just as surely as the

sun ig shining on us and gives us light, and the sun and stars give us light by night, just as surely as the breath of life sustains! us, so

surely do I know that Joseph Smith was a true prophet of God, chosen of God to open the last dispensation of the fulness of times; so surely

do I know that the Book of Mormon was divinely translated. I saw

the plates; I saw the Angel; I heard the voice of God. I know that

the Book of Mormon is true and that Joseph Smith was a true prophet of God, I might as well doubt my own existence as to doubt the divine authenticity of the Book of Mormon or the divine calling of Joseph Smith."It was a sublime moment. It was a wonderful testimony. We were thrilled to the very roots of our hair. The

shabby, emaciated little man before us was transformed as he stood with hand outstretched toward the sun of heaven. A halo seemed

to encircle him. A divine fire glowed in his eyes. His voice throbbed

with the sincerity and the conviction of his message. It was the

real Martin Harris whose burning testimony no power on earth could quench. It was the most thrilling moment of my life.

I asked Martin Harris how he could bear so wonderful a testimony after having left the Church. He said, "Young man, I never

did leave the Church, the Church left me."

Martin Harris was now in a softer mood. He turned to me

and asked "Who are you?"I explained again our relationship. "So,

my son Martin married your sister,"repeated the old man, shaking my hand. "You know my family then?""Yes,"I replied,

"Wouldn't you like to see your family again?""I should like to

see Caroline and the children,"mused Martin, naming over the children, "But I cannot, I am too poor.""That need not stand in the

way,"I answered. President Young would be only too glad to

furnish means to convey you to Utah.""Don't talk Brigham Young,"

warned Harris; "he would not do anything that was right.""Send

him a message by me,"I persisted, now deeply concerned in the project. "No,"declared Harris emphatically, "yet I should like to see

my family.""Then entrust me with the message,"I pleaded.

Martin Harris paused. "Well,"he said slowly, "I believe I will. You

call on Brigham Young. Tell him about our visit. Tell him that

Martin Harris is an old, old man, living on charity with his relatives.

Tell him I should like to visit Utah, my family, my children—

would be glad to accept help from the Church, but I want no personal favor. Wait! Tell him that if he sends money, he must send enough

for the round trip. I should not want to remain in Utah."For

THE PASSING OF MARTIN HARRIS 471

.) 25 years he had nursed the old grudge against the leaders of the Church, probably because nobody had had the patience with him that I had shown.

After we had bidden Martin Harris goodbye, and had taken a few steps from the Temple, my cousin placed his hands on my shoulders and said, "Wait a minute."Looking me squarely in the eyes he said,

"I can testify that the Book of Mormon is true. There is something

within me that tells me that the old man told the truth. I know the

Book of Mormon is true."

In due time, I reached my home in the Seventh ward in Salt

Lake City, I recounted to my father the experience with Martin Harris, and we two set out immediately to report at the office of President

Young. The president received us very graciously. He listened attentively to my recital of my visit with Martin Harris. President

Young asked questions now and again, to make clear on certain points. Then, when the story was told, he said, and it seemed to me

that he beamed with pleasure, "I want to say this: I was never

more gratified over any message in my life. Send for him! Yes,

even if it were to take the last dollar of my own. Martin Harris

spent his time and money freely when one dollar was worth more than one thousand dollars are worth now. Send for him! Yes indeed I

shall send! Rest assured, Martin Harris will be here in time. It was

Martin Harris who gave the Prophet Joseph Smith the first money to assist in the translation of the Book of Mormon. Martin Harris

was the first scribe to assist in the translation of the Book from the original plates as dictated by the prophet who was led by the Holy

Ghost. It was Martin Harris who was called by revelation to assist

in the selection and ordination of the first Quorum of the Twelve

Apostles, of the newly organized Church. It was Martin Harris who

was called upon to accompany the prophet to Missouri to assist in the selection of the land of consecration. Martin Harris also aided

in the selection of the First High Council in the Church, and he was a member of said Council. When the new presidency of the Church

was chosen Martin Harris felt greatly dissappointed, that he was not called to leadership, but Martin Harris never denied the faith, never affiliated with any other sect or denomination, but when the Church came West, Martin Harris remained behind. It is true that Martin

Harris did not apostatize; he was never tried for his fellowship; he was

never excommunicated."

During the summer of 1870, Elder Edward Stevenson was authorized to collect money by subscription to bring Martin Harris to

Utah. About two hundred dollars were raised; and on August

30, 1870, Martin Harris arrived in Salt Lake City, in the company of Elder Stevenson.

When Martin Harris reached Salt Lake City, he visited Brigham

Young at his home. They became reconciled, and Martin Harris was

472 IMPROVEMENT ERA

invited to speak in the Tabernacle, and he bore a faithful testimony.

He went to Smithfield, and later to Clarkston and made his home with his son, Martin Harris, Jr., and in course of time he returned

to full fellowship and communion with the Saints.

Early in July, 1875, five years after he had come to Utah,

Martin Harris was stricken with a kind of paralysis. It wasi the

venerable witness'last illness, but through it all he remained true to his faith. At that time I and my small family lived in Clarkston.

With other members of the Clarkston ward, I called at the Harris home to relieve them in the care of the old man.

We began to think that he had borne his last testimony. The last

audible words he had spoken were something about the Book of Mormon but we could not understand what it was, but these were not the aged witness'last words.

The next day, July 10, 1875, marked the end. It was in the

evening. It was milking time, and Martin Harris, Jr., and his wife,

Nancy Homer Harris, had gone out to milk and to do the evening's chores. In the house with the stricken man were left my mother,

Eliza Williamson Homer, and myself, who had had so interesting a day with Martin Harris at Kirtland. I stood by the bedside holding

the patient's right hand and my mother at the foot of the bed. Martin

Harris had been unconscious! for a number of days. When we first entered the room the old gentleman appeared to be sleeping. He soon

woke up and asked for a drink of water. I put my arm under the

old gentleman, raised him, and my mother held the glass to his lips.

He drank freely, then he looked up at me and recognized me. He

said, "I know you. You are my friend."He said, "Yes, I did see

the plates on which the Book of Mormon was written; I did see the

angel; I did hear the voice of God; and I do know that Joseph Smith

is a Prophet of God, holding the keys of the Holy Priesthood."This

ws the end. Martin Harris, divinelychosen witness of the work of

God, relaxed, gave up my hand. He lay back on his pillow and just

as the sun went down behind the Clarkston mountains, the soul of

Martin Harris passed on. When Martin Harris, Jr., and his wife

returned to the house they found that their father had passed away, but in the passing, Martin Harris, favored of God, repeated an inrefutable testimony of the divine inspiration and the prophetic genius of the great Prophet, Joseph Smith.

(Signed) WILLIAM HARRISON HOMER.

Signed in the presence of Mrs. W. H. Homer, Joseph Homer, Leah Widtsoe,

John A. Widtsoe.

THE WORLD COURT By J. M. Sjodahl

Now that the Permanent Court of International Justice has obtained recognition by our government, through action of the U. S.

Senate in harmony with public opinion, a brief statement concerning the Court may be of interest.

The principle underlying a world court is very old. We find

it embodied in the Amphictyonic Council of the Greeks, centuries before our era, which was a league of tribes, at first for religious purposes but later for the maintenance of certain intertribal political rights.

Thus, the Amphictyony of Delphi consisted of twelve tribes, not to say nations, with their colonies. Their representatives, two from each

tribe, with full voting power, and deputies who might speak but not vote, met twice a year. They sought to mitigate the horrors of war

by an agreement not to destroy any city of the League, nor to cut off its water supply during war, and they bound themselves to observe certain intertribal principles of right, and to unite in punishing any member of the League that should violate the agreements. This remarkable association of tribes might have developed into a brotherhood of nations, had not the Roman militarism prevailed against

Greek culture, as the Prophet Daniel says of the "fourth beast,"that it should do: 'And [it] shall devour the whole earth, and shall tread it

down, and break it in pieces."(Dan. 7:23.)

In modern times the principle of international justice instead of war has been advocated by such men as Erasmus, the great Biblical scholar, Grotius, Emanuel Kant, Henry IV, of France, and others.

In 1832 the senate of Massachusetts adopted a resolution favoring some mode of amicable adjustment of international disputes, and that has ever been the American ideal.

In 1898, when European militarism was felt as an intolerable burden, the Russian government invited the great powers to a conference on "mediation and voluntary arbitration."The representatives of

most of the powers came to that congress, which convened at the

Hague in 1899, with doubts as to the possibility of obtaining any results, but the American delegates were instructed by the Secretary of State, John Hay, to propose a plan for an international tribunal.

This was thought to represent the sentiment of the United States at that time, as it, no doubt, did.

Very little was accomplished at the first conference at the Hague, but a beginning had been made to prepare the way for the Prince of

Peace.

A second congress was held at the Hague in 1907. At that

time, Elihu Root was secretary of state, and his instructions to the 474 IMPROVEMENT ERA

American delegates were to endeavor to bring about "a development of the Hague Tribunal into a permanent tribunal composed of judges who are judicial officers and nothing else, who are paid adequate salaries, who have no other occupation, and who will devote their entire time to the trial and decision of international causes by judicial methods."From which it is clear that the American government almost twenty years ago went on record as favoring a court of international justice. The Hague congress "recommended"the adoption

of that project, and the intention was to take the matter up at a third

Hague conference in 1915, but, alas! then the world war held the

stage, and no room was found for the Prince of Peace.

The first part of the Versailles peace treaty, which, by the way, was rejected by the United States, contains what is known as the

Covenant of the League of Nations. The organic constituents of this

League are three: the Assembly, the Council and the permanent

Secretariat. The World Court is not a part of the League in the

same sense as the three institutions just mentioned. It is not, in the

same sense, enacted by the Covenant.

But article XVI of the Covenant provides for the establishment of a court. That article reads:

"The Council shall formulate and submit to the members of the League for adoption plans for the establishment of a Permanent Court of International Justice.

The Court shall be competent to hear and determine any dispute of an international character which the parties thereto submit to it. The Court may also give an advisory opinion upon any dispute or question referred to it by the Council or by

the Assembly."

Pursuant to this provision, the Council on Feb. 13, 1920, appointed a committee of jurists to formulate a plan of organization.

One of the eleven members of this committee was Elihu Root, our former distinguished Secretary of State. The other members were

jurists of equally high standing.

The plan drafted was examined by the Council, at its meeting

July 30Aug. 4, 1920, submitted to the interested governments and

approved by the Council at Brussels, Oct. 2029, and by the Assembly

at Geneva, Dec. 13, 1920. The draft was then appended to a

protocol, which was submitted to the various nations for ratification.

Ratifications came in promptly from fortyeight nations, and the

Assembly and Council, on Sept. 1415, 1921, selected eleven judges

and four deputy judges, and thus the dream of ages became a reality:

the rising on the still smouldering ruins left by the war flames, a Permanent Court of International Justice. Hans Max Huber, then

president of the Swiss republic, was made the president of the court.

One of the members is John Bassett Moore, a distinguished American jurist.

On Feb. 24, 1923, President Harding transmitted to the U. S.

Senate a message in which he sought the advice and consent of that body to ratify the protocol, with certain reservations.

THE WORLD COURT 475

On Dec. 17, 1925, the Senate began the consideration of the

.resolution, and on Jan. 27, 1926, it was passed by the overwhelming

majority of 76 to 17. It was an entirely nonpartisan vote, 40

Republicans and 36 Democrats voting in the affirmative, and 14 Republicans, 2 Democrats and 1 FarmerLabor party, in the negative.

The court has rendered some important services in the form of judgments and legal opinions. One of the most notable is, perhaps

the dispute between Great Britain and Turkey concerning the boundary line between Turkey and the British mandate Irak. The Court gave

the opinion that the Council had jurisdiction, and the Council, after thorough investigation, sustained the contention of Great Britain.

In the dispute between Greece and Turkey regarding the inclusion of the patriarch of Constantinople among the Greek nationals to be deported, Greece appealed to the League of Nations, whereupon

Turkey withdrew the documents relative to expulsion of members of the Holy Synod. Negotiations concerning the matter were resumed

between Greece and Turkey, and the matter was settled.

The very existence of the Court is a factor for peace. It is, as

President Coolidge recently has said, a judicial and not a political institution. The members are selected for their ability and integrity.

None of them represents any one country, politically, but everyone of them represents justice and equity in controversies between nations, as our own courts do, in controversies between individuals. It is a

safe institution, destined to do for the great family of nations in the world what the Supreme Court of the United States is doing for the family of States. It is the great American ideal applied to worldquestions for the furtherance of civilization, and making possible the

coming of the kingdom of the Prince of Peace.

Since the passing of the World Court resolution by the U. S.

Senate, opponents have announced their intention of launching a campaign, with the object in view of electing a sufficient number of antiadministration senators to reconsider the resolution and reverse the decision. As part of this campaign, a Washington lawyer, Mr.

Benjamin Catchings, on Feb. 8, 1926, began proceedings in the U. S.

Supreme Court, asking for permission "to file suit requiring Secretary

Kellog to show cause why he should not be restrained from consummating this country's entrance into the world tribunal."His contention is that the action taken by the Senate is "unconstitutional"—

contention which seems to reflect on the intelligence of all who were on the affirmative side, including President Coolidge and all who, in this matter, followed his lead, and among these were both our Utah senators.

It is to be hoped the U. S. Supreme Court will take the matter

set the controversy up. A decision on a ruling by that authority would

at rest among all but those who, like the distinguished gentleman that was thrown out of heaven, have made up their minds to fight for their cause, right or wrong.

JOSEPH SMITH, AND THE GREAT WEST

The "Mormon"Stake in General Grant's Great Message at Fort Nelson of "Unconditional Surrender"

By I. K. Russel, Author of "Hidden Heroes of the Rockies"

VII

Everybody who has noted the facts of the Civil War is aware that the fierce earnestness of the Southern generals, such as Stonewall

Jackson, James Longstreet, and Robert E. Lee, gave the North some

very bad reverses before the Northern fighters really got their spirit up.

The North took a whipping at Bull Run, another at Harper's

Ferry, and at last out of the West came a young general who faced the proud, victorious South with a riding message, "No terms except unconditional surrender can be accepted. I propose to move immediately upon your works."

This great message was a clarion call to the North. Its writer

became the hero of the he was immediately nicknamed, hour—and

"Unconditional Surrender Grant."He struck the note that became

Lincoln's slogan from then on until the final end of the war at

Appomattox Court House.

At the time Grant uttered this great slogan, Brigham Young, out in Utah, was just sensing a relief from the heavy hand of Federal action through Johnston's army operations. He was pledging Lincoln

that "Utah had not seceded,"and was organizing troops to guard the overland mail route.

Grant spoke on February 16, 1862. That the "Mormons"in

Utah had a vital stake in that message from the North'si first successful general, at the moment he was about to strike for his first notable victory, we are likely to remain ignorant is, unless we reread of,—that

the whole story of American progress to find the roles played in it by those who aided, and those who greatly hindered and thwarted "Mormon"growth.

The message was not one that Grant sent out of a mere sense of vainglory. He wasn't that kind of a soldier. There was a man

capture alive. He was a man Grant did not want tocapture—andin the fort he was about to attack whom he especially wanted to

kill in battle. He was a man Grant called a "traitor."In Washington

he was a man known as a fugitive awaiting trial. He was, in short,

the worst enemy the "Mormon"people had had since their Prophet was martyred in Illinois, and they had fled for peace and relief to the midst of the Rocky Mountains.

Every early citizen of Utah knew his name, for Camp Floyd, the camping ground of Johnston's army, was named after him. Later

JOSEPH SMITH AND THE GREAT WEST 477

the name was taken away by order of the U. S. Government, for

Floyd, for whom the name was given, was considered unfit to be honored by his Government. 1

It just happens that of all the charges brought against the "Mormon"people; the charges that Brigham Young was disloyal and traitorous in assulting an army of the United States, when sent to garrison

Utah, a part of the Union, has been the most persistent.

Last year a "best seller,"biography of Brigham Young, 2 appeared in which this charge was most heavily presented. And all manner

of fun was poked at Brigham Young, for "twiddling his fingers at

Uncle Sam."It just happens, also, that the best witness for Brigham

Young, and the claim of the "Mormon"people that the charges on which Johnston's army was sent to Utah were fabricated, and constituted a "smoke screen"to disguise a deeper motive, is General U. S.

Grant. Pages 308 to 312 of Grant's Memoirs, Volume I, clear up

the record of Brigham Young's actions as no other witness could.

Grant wanted that same Floyd who sent Johnston's Army to

Utah when he demanded the unconditional surrender of Fort Donelson.

Floyd was its commander. Right back of him, commanding the next

great force of Southern soldiers was General guess who? General Albert Sidney Johnston. Grant did not get Floyd. Floyd slunk

away in the personal fugitive and left another to attend to night—a

the surrender. But Grant pressed on after Floyd, and Floyd's commander, and in seven weeks he had met Floyd's commander at Shiloh

and had brought his life to an end in battle.

We have insisted in this series that when Joseph Smith looked to the Great West as a potential part of America, he looked at the country the South had dedicated to slavery as it had dedicated Missouri.

Let us trace some of these lines of proslave policy right through from the martyrdom of Joseph Smith to the cry of General Grant, "Unconditional Surrender,"as it was aimed at Secretary of War Floyd, of Buchanan's cabinet, who sent Utah her Johnston's army, to seat a southern governor in Brigham Young's place.

First of all there was the Illinois situation. It was all in a

muddle to slavery. Governor Ford, who alternated friendship and

betrayal in his policy towards Joseph Smith, was a Northern politician of a group friendly to the South.

He was forever honoring Missouri writs, and it was the policy of his group to "stand in with Missouri."His was the same group

of proslave sympathizers that gave us President Buchanan and a cabinet which approved the sending of an army off to Utah. Other

hatreds lent vigor to the storm that formed about the head of Joseph

Smith. But the chief molestation was the "Missouri writ"business.

When the Prophet said he could see "peace in the West,"that idea was as abhorrent to Governor Boggs of Missouri as Joseph Smith's idea of settling Missouri with New Englanders had been.

4 78 IMPROVEMENT ERA

If the South had a policy of taking California, would it not, then, follow the martyrdom of Joseph Smith by pushing on before the "Mormon"idea, of going west, could be reorganized and put into action?

Boggs off to the West Well it happens the South did precisely this. And the agent

used in the business was this same Governor Lilburn W. Boggs of

Missouri. As soon as the prairie trails were passable, after the

martyrdom of Joseph Smith, Colonel Stephen W. Kearny received a

queer message at Fort Leavenworth.

It was signed by Lilburn W. Boggs. It stated that he, Boggs, was

putting off for California, and that he had been informed that he was to be met at the crossing of the Kansas by an armed force of "Mormons"determined to use him up. The arms had even been specified

to be brass knuckles and pistols.

Boggs was told to quiet his the armed protection fears—that

asked for could not be given. There was a big farewell party in

Independence, Missouri, and Boggs pushed off for the West coast. He

took a considerable party with him.

Some members of this party preceded the "Mormons"into Utah, but they passed right on with maledictions on its harsh sterility.

There remains a splendid narrative by one who saw Bogg's farewell in Independence, and who had a hard time working his way into

Utah by way of Ogden canyon. He was thwarted and had to turn

back. He retreated until he found a frightened Indian who fled

on his approach. But at last he found an Indian trail and won the

valley of the Great Salt Lake via Weber canyon. He passed on to

the desert and gained California while some immediately following became victims of a blizzard in the Sierras. This narrator of his own

and the Bogg's journey is Edwin Bryant, whose book, Adventures in

California is a classic account of the Fremont rebellion and the conquest of the Mexicans, as well as of the Boggs'expedition.

Boggs was not able to organize California for slavery. The

gold rush overwhelmed him. So many whites came that they did not

want to see negroes digging for gold beside them, and even Southerners turned against the slavery idea to protect their gold digging operations.

Boggs died there before the state government really got under way.

The Mormon Battalion Call There occurred the call for the "Mormon Battalion."It was

a curious call, until one reads it in the knowledge that the president who made it was determined to have a big proslave majority in the Far West. "You are authorized to enlist 'Mormons,'"wrote

W. L. Marcy, Secretary of War, to Colonel Kearny, "but not, however,

to a number exceeding one third of your entire force."3

JOSEPH SMITH AND THE GREAT WEST 479

We know where General Kearny got the two non- "Mormons"for every "Mormon."He gained one regiment from Missourians

and put them under command of General Sterling Price. He gained

another regiment from the same old mobbers of the "Mormons"and put them under command of General Doniphan. Both these generals

had figured in the expulsion of the Saints from Missouri and both were to give General Grant a great deal of trouble in the Civil War.

In fact Sterling Price's raids were the final worry of Grant as he surrounded Lee before Richmond. General Doniphan was captured

earlier in the war and became an unfortunate victim of prison life.

Letters from him to my father in Utah many years later tell of his humiliation at having to be body servant to a Northern soldier, while a prisoner of war.

Doniphan's soldiers became too involved about Santa Fe to care about marching on to California. Price pursued Indians down

the Rio Grande Valley. The "Mormon Battalion"alone marched

on as "The Army of the West"and reached its final destination.

An incident in Santa Fe showed the way mobocratic hatreds still pursued it. General Kearny left an order behind him on his

departure with a handful of dragoons for California from Santa Fe, pertaining to the "Mormon Battalion."It was that a dragoon escort

be furnished the Battalion. This order was issued because it was

contrary to all principles of war for a battalion of -infantry to be sent off by itself into enemy country. The only mounted men in Santa Fe

were the mounted men of Col. Price's Missouri regiment. Would

these mounted Missourians of previousi mobocrat experience, serve with the Mormon Battalion? The young lieutenant of Kearny's staff,

who conveyed the order to Col. Price, records in his diary that he

was met by such sour countenances that he marked the order, "impossible of fulfilment."Thus the Mormon Battalion was left to

pursue its lonesome, uncolleagued way, into the Far Western deserts. 2

The Battalion had other "buddies"in this war. It had Robert

E. Lee, an enthusiastic supporter of the war as a means of expanding

slave territory. It had U. S. Grant, a harsh critic of the war, because

he did not wish America to gain slave territory. It had William T.

Sherman, who was later to become commissary officer for part of it in a march from San Diego to Monterey, on which march he was to learn the art of subsisting off the country without any wagon train.

Application of what he learned with the Mormon Battalion was later to make his great march to the sea of triumph. And the man who

credits the lessons learned with the Mormon Battalion for the success of that master campaign of the Civil War is no less an authority than

Sherman himself. 4

Members of the Mormon Battalion made their way from California back to Utah and it seemed that peace had come to them as to the rest of the "Saints,"They learned how to till the desert and 480 IMPROVEMENT ERA

irrigate it. They reared homes. Captain Davis founded Davis

county.

And then Johnston's army came. With it came much powder,

much shell, much artillery. Why? They said it was rebellious

Brigham Young. History must record the fact that it was part of a

conspiracy to get shot and shell and powder out of Northern arsenals against a day that would fulfil a prophecy concerning a Civil War that Joseph Smith had uttered.

And with Johnston's army came a young teamster—inconspicuous at the time, but whose name in another four yearsi was to

become the terror of all the Middle West. He was to make Independence,

Mo., more notorious even than it had become for the expulsion of the

"Mormons,"for it was to become the center of origin for the bloody raids that gave us "Bleeding Kansas."In Independence the Civil

War was well under way long before Fort Sumpter was fired on, with a Johnston's army teamster as its terrorist leader.

This teamster wrote two letters home to his mother from Great

Salt Lake City, and one from Camp Floyd. They are treasured today

in Kansas archives as the only glimmer of human sympathy and love that William C. Quantrill, the terror of Independence, ever showed.

Quart trill in Utah

There came a time in the life of Quantrill when he rode into

Lawrence, Kansas, setting fire to houses, and killing men and women who came to the doors of their homes to see what it was all about.

It sounds like Independence action; the crime of the Kansas inhabitants

was that of being Free Staters.

One of the three letters that show a streak of humanity in this predecessor of Jesse James, as gang leader in Missouri, has this paragraph in it:

Great Salt Lake City, Oct. 15, 1858.

arrived here about two weeks ago and I was never so surDear Mother:—I

prised in my life as I was to find a people living here in large cities and towns and farming lands here, which without their untiring labor, would be a desert producing neither grass nor timber, nothing but a few stunted weeds; but they have

converted it into fine farms and gardens, by ditching from the mountain streams and watering the whole country. You go to their towns and cities and you find

the purest and clearest of spring water coming from the snow capped mountains.

They are an industrious people and all hold to their religion in a manner which shows no hyprocrasy, and I think their morals are as good as any people I have met with in my travels. I have not seen Brigham Young yet, he has to keep indoors since

the war. Of course, they have no religious services and therefore I have no chance

to learn much of their religion. * * * The soldiers are camped 45 miles

south from the city, in Cedar Valley. * * *

"Your son, "W. C. Quantrill."

Ouite a message to go back to Missouri, wasn't it?

For the rest of the story of Quantrill in Jackson county and his

JOSEPH SMITH AND THE GREAT WEST 481

career of murder, arson and pillage "for the innate love of lawlessness, robbery, and plunder,"readers are referred to a splendid volume by

William E. Connelley state historian of Kansas. Mr. Connelley entitled

his volume, Quanttill and the Border Wars.

An hour spent in reading this volume concerning the life lived in Jackson county and especially in Independence, after the "Mormons"were expelled, will convince any friend of the "Mormon"people that they made a splendid move when they left Jackson county to the ravages of Civil War affairs.

Quantrill rode, in his bloodstrewn path, through Missouri and

Kansas, General Albert Sidney Johnston blew up the munitions he brought to Utah and marched away, Secretary of War Floyd fled

Washington, Sumpter was fired upon, the North was placed in deadly fear lest Washington would be then came Gencaptured,—and

eral Grant to Fort Donelson.

Grant on Floyd He faced, first Floyd, at Donelson, and then Albert Sidney

Johnston, just behind him at Nashville. As he went into camp

on the eve of his first noteworthy victory, General Grant thought of Floyd, and of two special foes of the "Mormon"Johnston—these

people. And in his memoirs he reached this view of them:

"The outer line of rifle pits was passed, and the night of the fifteenth.

'General Smith, with much of his division, bivouacked with the lines of the enemy. There was now no doubt that the Confederates must surrender or be captured the next day.

"There seems from subsequent accounts to have been much consternation, particularly among the officers of high rank, in Dover on the night of the 15th.

"General Floyd, the commanding officer, who was a man of talent enough for any civil position, was no soldier and, possibly, did not possess the elements of one. He was further unfitted for command for the reason

that his conscience must have troubled him, and made him afraid. As

Secretary of War he had taken a solemn oath to maintain the Constitution of the United States and to uphold the same against all its enemies. He had

betrayed that trust. As Secretary of War he was reported through the

northern press to have scattered the little army of the country so that most of it could be picked up in detail when cecession occurred. About a year

before leaving the Cabinet he had removed arms from the northern to southern arsenals. He continued in the Cabinet of President Buchanan until about

the 1st of January. 1861, while he was working vigilantly for the establishment of a confederacy made out of United States territory. Well may

he have been afraid to fall into the hands of National troops.

"He would no doubt have been tried for the misappropriation of public property, if not for treason, had he been captured."

That is Grant's testimony on behalf of Brigham Young and the judgment of Brigham Young that all was far from right in the coming of Johnston's army. With the army in Utah and a southern

Governor in Brigham Young's place, the South was making its last desperate stand to hold the West for slavery. It failed. Now Albert

482 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Sidney Johnston was facing his doom, in front of Grant and Sherman.

Grant prepared for the assault which meant the end of Floyd's command. Before daylight on the 16th, Grant received a letter.

It was from Floyd, the commander. Floyd had fled, a personal

fugitive. He had left the fort in the hands of S. B. Buckner, whom

Grant considered the only soldier in the high command. Buckner

asked for terms.

He received them, in the reply:

"No terms except an unconditional and immediate surrender can be accepted. I propose to move immediately on your works."

The North was not used to generals who talked like that. Came

the immediate answer:

"The distribution of the forces under my command, incident to the unexpected change of commanders, compels me to accept the ungenerous and unchivalrous terms which you propose.

"S. B. Buckner, Brig. Gen. C. S. A."

General Grant met Buckner "and in the course of the conversation he told me,"records General Grant, "that if he had been in command I should not have got up to Donelson as easy as I did. I

told him that if he had been in command I should not have tried in the way I did: I had invested their lines with a smaller force

than they had to defend them; / had relied very much on their commander to allow me to come safely up to the outside of their Works.

He told me that Floyd had left during the night."

Floyd left. Nashville, commanded by Johnston was next in

Grant's victorious path. And then came Shiloh. General Johnston

drove Grant from the field. But a minnie ball pierced his foot. He

bled to death. Grant reorganized, drove back, and turned defeat into

victory, on the second day.

General Sherman took the terrible pounding from Albert Sidney

Johnston that Brigham Young would have taken in 1858, had not better councils prevailed in Washington as Southern influence waned.

Sherman described how he stood on the field at Shiloh and saw his army at last saw the grey lines waver, so that he shattered,—and

ordered a won. The wavering marked the death of charge—and

Johnston. He had inspirited his last charge.

"God must have meant the Northern cause to win,"wrote an aged Southern veteran to Sherman years afterwards, "else why did a little minnie ball bring death to General Johnston at the moment of victory?"5

God's ways are unscrutible. Joseph Smith predicted his people

would find peace in the Far West. He pleaded with America to solve

the slavery problem and avert this terrible war. And this is the path

that great actors in the "Mormon"drama took on the way to the grave. The "Mormon"destiny and America's destiny were predicted

to be one and the same. To make it so, "Mormon"affairs have

JOSEPH SMITH AND THE GREAT WEST 483

had to touch many vital moments in American history, and here at

Donelson and again at Shiloh, it happened just so.

In the next article in this series we will pass from slavery to the British interests in the Great West. For Joseph Smith's policies

were as vital to their affairs there as they were to the affairs of the proslave party.

References

*01d timers talked incessantly thirtyfive years ago in Utah of the blowing up of the Johnston army munitions in Utah and of the government's action against

Floyd incident to the outbreak of the Civil War. Floyd was the son of a Virginia

governor and came from a long line of Virginia proslave leaders. His uncle, in

1824, made the first speech in Congress in favor of taking the Far West. In

it he described the Navajo Indians, the Snake river salmon, and the easy approach through the South Pass.

2Werner's Brigham Young. Webb, in the Mystery of Mormonism builds up as

strong a case as Werner's salacious volume; in fact Werner almost copies Webb

throughout with the ornamental trimmings that make bestseller material.

sIt is significant of the way keyitems to the real situation become lost, that practically all historians ignore the orders to General Kearny to call a "Mormon

Batallion,"but content themselves with quoting Kearny's orders to Captain Allen to proceed to the "Mormon"camp and recruit troops. Secretary of War Marcy's

orders to Kearny providing that two non-"Mormons"be called for each "Mormon"are said to have been dictated by Senator Benton of Missouri. President Polk

had at first decided to call one thousand soldiers from the "Mormon"camp, and had so notified Elder Little in Washington. Marcy's orders were obtained from

the War Department files. They are mentioned in Stenhouse's History of Salt'

Lake City.

Sherman's Memoirs, Vol. 1.

5Appendix to second edition, Sherman's Memoirs.

Washington Behold the name of Washington,

The true, the brave, the hallowed one,

The noble, gracious, honored son

Of sacred liberty.

The stars will never cease to shine

But that his loyalty so fine Will ever be a memoried shrine

Through all eternity.

Old Father Time will add long years,

Ere his fond memory disappears

The name of Washington endears

To freedom's constant prayer;

Though empires crumble in decay,

And serried ages roll away, His soul remains a genial ray Of hope and strength and care.

Huntington, Utah LAMONT JOHNSON

EASTER By George D. Kirby

No country in possession of the gospel of Jesus Christ is unmindful of Easter day. It comes as a commemoration of a most important and significant event. It means new life for mankind; that even

the grave cannot bind forever what Christ has said shall rise. It may

well signify the reanimation in our hearts of all that is good and worthy.

We rejoice in honoring the name of Jesus Christ, who we believe to be the divine son of the eternal God, and through whom we ourselves hope to rise to a divine kingdom. Our religion is not the

dark and gloomy thing of the past, designed to scourge humanity into the straight and narrow path, but rather the gospel of love set like a star to guide men through this world and into the home of glory above.

Easter is the message of life rather than of death. Man should

consider himself mortal at Easter time and behold in the risen Christ his only hope of immortality; he should rise to the standard of Christ's

life and works. Easter bids us to see the divine possibilities of manhood; to stimulate our lives by the help of the Lord who conquers

death; to arouse our energies unto the things of the risen life.

The scope of the Easter festival is divided into two sections, the time before and after Easter. The time before Easter points to the

conflict of this present life; the time after, to the blessedness which

we can obtain through obedience to the laws and ordinances of God.

The Lord's passion shows us the present life of sorrow. The resurrection and glorification of the Lord shows the life which we shall

receive.

Jesus came into the world to reveal to us that we were not placed here for the mere contemplation of creature comfort, creature glory and compromise with evil; but rather that we might rise above these

things to the sense - of that which is spiritual, in seeking first the kingdom of God and his righteousness, and learning to pray from a heart full of gratitude: "Our Father, thy kingdom be my kingdom,

thy purpose be my purpose, and thy will be my will."That is why

the rugged fishermen of Galilee were his friends and followers; they

loved him, as did the little children and the purehearted women of his day.

And as Eastertide returns each year, we recall the last great tragedy which closed the mortal career of the Savior of mankind, and the love and devotion displayed by those humble, bereaved disciples who followed on that pilgrimage, as he stumbled along beneath the weight of the cross. It was that same love which kept Mary lingering at the

sepulchre; it was unbelief that kept her weeping. Again and again

EASTER 45

Jesus had told his disciples that he was to be crucified, and that he should arise again on the third day. But this was so contrary to their

old beliefs that they could not understand it. We, too, are very slow

to grasp the glorious significance of our Master's words, and so are often weeping when we should be rejoicing. The report of the

resurrection spread rapidly and its truthfulness was attested in many ways. The Christ who died was now acclaimed alive, and his followers were overjoyed with the actuality of a living Savior.

The great fact that Jesus Christ, the firstborn of our Heavenly

Father's spirit children, the only begotten son in the flesh, atoned with his life for the sins of mankind; and arose again on the third day, an

immortal being, as the first fruits of the resurrection, makes Easter the queen of festivals. We rejoice in the fact that we have not only these

natural bodies, but spiritual bodies as well; in the assurance of the

resurrection from the dead; in the hope of eternal life. The

promises of the Lord are based upon the spirit dominating the material; the higher man overcoming the lower man; the victory of the

better nature. "To him that overcometh will I give to eat of the

tree of life which is planted in the Paradise of God. I will give to him

to eat of the hidden manna and he shall be clothed in white raiment, and I will not blot his name from the Lamb's book of life. I will

make him a pillar in the temple of my God, and I will grant to him to sit with me in my throne."These are the words of the Savior.

Let Easter come with all its gladness, but let our thoughts be upon Jesus Christ who came to save us from our sins, and who gave his life to make our redemption sure. Let our thoughts be upon

the promises given through this risen life. This will make Easter

mean something of worth to us, and life will spend its days in praise of the central figure of the Easter day.

"What a wonderful, beautiful story

Is mutely proclaimed today:

How the loves of the world and its glory

End not 'neath a mound of clay!

"The palms and the Easter lilies,

Grouped round the chancel rail,

The roll of the organ all breathing

Of the love that cannot fail;

"The peeping pink of the orchards,

The whir of the waking bees, The promise of bloom in the lilacs,

The glimpse of green 'mong the trees;

"The something within us—reaching

For a promise clear and plain Prove stronger than scriptural teachings.

That we sleep to arise again."Adele E. Shaw.

Sugar City, Idaho THE MODERN DENIAL OF JESUS CHRIST*

By Dr. Frederick J. Pack

I shall read from the first chapter of the gospel according to

St. Luke:

"And in the sixth month the angel Gabriel was sent from God unto a city of Galilee, named Nazareth, to a virgin espoused to a man whose name was Joseph, of the house of David; and the virgin's name was Mary. And

the angel came in unto her, and said, Hail, thou that art highly favored, the Lord is with thee; blessed art thou among women. And when she

saw him, she was troubled at his saying, and cast in her mind what manner of salutation this should be. And the angel said unto her, Fear

not, Mary; for thou hast found favor with God. And behold, thou

shalt conceive in thy womb, and bring forth a son, and shalt call his name

Jesus. He shall be great, and shall be called the Son of the Highest; and

the Lord God shall give unto him the throne of his father David. And he

shall reign over the house of Jacob forever; and of his kingdom there shall

be no end."

An imperial edict was issued from Rome to the effect that "all the world should be taxed."The intent of the laws was that the

subjects of Rome should enroll their names on records which could be examined for purposes of taxation. The Romans themselves enlisted at the towns in which they were living, but it was the custom

of the Jews to go to the cities of their nativity. Accordingly, Joseph

and Mary journeyed from Nazareth to Bethlehem, a distance slightly less than a hundred miles. It was while they were in Bethlehem that

the Savior of the world was born. Wise men from the East came

in search of him, stating that it had been made known to them that a King had been born to the House of David, and that he should reign over it forever.

Herod, a Jew by religious faith but an Idumean by birth, was intensely suspicious of the child. He called the wise men of Jerusalem

to him and asked them to tell him where the child could be found.

Those who were familiar with the scriptures promptly stated that the

Christ should be born in Bethlehem. Herod secretly requested the

wise men from the East to learn of the whereabouts of the child and subsequently to inform. him. The wise men, however, discerned

the intent of Herod, and, after a visit to the manger, returned to their homes by another way. Joseph, the husband of Mary, had been

warned in a dream of the purposes of the wicked Herod, and subsequently, with his little family, fled into Egypt. It is not known

how long they remained in that country, or where they lived. It is

merely stated that they remained until after Herod had died. It was

Christmas sermon given at the Thirtythird ward chapel. Salt Lake City,

Utah, December 20, 1925.

MODERN DENIAL OF JESUS CHRIST 487

their intention to return to Bethlehem, but when they were informed of the eagerness on the part of some of the officials to apprehend them, they returned to their old city of Nazareth, where Jesus, so far as we know, spent his boyhood.

The mission of Jesus was accepted by a pitifully small number of the Jews, and was rejected by an overwhelming majority of them.

The crucifixion at Calvary was merely the climax of three years of rejection. Jesus had wandered from Galilee to Judea without favorable reception. The apostles attained some little success among the

Gentiles, but for several centuries thereafter the persecution was so intense that it was finally thought that Christianity had been annihilated. In fact, a monument was erected to Diocletian in Spain because

of his having extinguished the name of Christian who, it was affirmed, brought the republic to ruin. Constantine, who came into

power in the early part of the fourth century, made Christianity the state religion, whereupon it was rapidly accepted by the Roman people.

Records show that as many as twelve thousand souls were admitted in a single year. The dark ages found Christianity alive, thriving

at times, and at others, practically dead.

I desire to speak tonight, if I may have the proper inspiration, on the subject of the manner in which Christianity has fared since it was carried to the Gentiles.

One of the first modifications that was made of the doctrines of Jesus Christ was the modification of baptism, namely; from

immersion to pouring or sprinkling. I am simple enough in

my faith in God to believe that baptism by immersion is necessary because God has so commanded. I do not share the

modern opinion to the effect that we must know in all cases why things are so before we accept them. It is often stated,

even among men of intelligence, that matters of religion should not be accepted unless they respond to the tests of reason. This attitude,

of course, is altogether unreasonable. We do not demand in the

material things of life explanations before we accept the necessity of them. If such were the case, we would not be in this building tonight, for who is there among us that can explain the means by

which electrical power is conveyed from distant generating stations by means of copper wire to this building? or who is there among us

who can explain why a filament becomes incandescent and transmits light when electrical energy is conducted through it? Just so, there

are many of the laws of the gospel that we do not understand, and yet, their results are equally as apparent as those mentioned above. On

the other hand, what parent would regard a child as reasonable if it should insist upon a knowledge of things before obedience was rendered? Yet in matters pertaining to religion the world is insisting

that it will not live by faith but rather by knowledge. I have no explanation as to why one must be immersed in water in order that his

488 IMPROVEMENT ERA

sins may be forgiven. I merely know that God has so commanded.

Another repudiation by modern Christianity of the doctrines of

Jesus is the denial of continuous revelation. I do not understand

how the presentday preacher convinces himself that the "canon of scriptures is there is no further need of guidance. full"—that

Such a stand is contrary to all laws of learning. May I illustrate

with a simple example? A child is to be taught his first lesson

in geography. The teacher will present before him some sort of

spherical object, say a ball or an orange or a globe. The child

is told that the earth is not flat like a great plain, but rather that it is round like the object before him, that its apparent flatness is due merely to its size. If he could stand off at a distance, he would see

that it is round like the object at hand. This is all the information

that even the wisest of teachers will attempt to convey to the child at his first lesson, for the reason that the child can understand no more. He must develop further before additional truths can be

assimilated. At a later time, the child is again brought before

the teacher; modifications of the former statement, or at least additional statements are presented; for instance, that the earth is not

a true sphere but rather that it is flattened at the poles, and the number of miles and degrees of this flattening are discussed. Later

the child again returns. His intellect has expanded. His vision

has changed. He is prepared for further light. He learns that there

are major depressions in the surface of the earth, called oceanic basins, and that there are elevations, called continents.. Again he is dismissed and again he is brought back. He studies the subjects of

topography and oceanography. He is prepared to go into details

that he could not understand in his earlier life. Later, in his more

mature years, he studies increasingly difficult phases of earth development, probably isostasy, isostatic readjustments and other forms of diastrophism.

Why, I ask my friends who have discarded belief in the doctrine of continuous I say, shall I not lay before the child revelation—why,

at one lesson all the information that we have concerning the subject of geography? The answer, of course, is obvious. Then with equal

propriety I ask how is it possible, even if God willed, that he could convey to us everything at once? I affirm with no fear of denial

that there is no school of thought in the world, there is no branch of learning comparable to the one suggested by men who have denied belief in continuous'revelation from God.

Another denial of the doctrines of Jesus Christ is the denial of the resurrection. Where shall I go today to find the Christian who

unalterably accepts the truth that Jesus Christ arose from the tomb, took up his body, remained with his friends for forty days, went into heaven with it, and promised to return as they had seen him ascend? And yet, that scriptural statement is as plain as words can

MODERN DENIAL OF JESUS CHRIST 489

make it. In the estimation of by far the greater part of Christendom,

you and I will not have bodies in the world to come, and yet, if there is one doctrine taught in the New Testament and throughout all the Scriptures plainer than any other it is the doctrine of the resurrection of the human body.

It is also denied that God has a personal body. I was interested

in reading recently the statement of a prominent churchman who asserted that Michael Angelo, although one of the foremost painters of the world, made an unpardonable mistake in picturing Deity in the form of man. He called attention to the mural painting of John

Sargent in the Library of Boston wherein God is obscured behind a cloud, and stated that its conception is far superior to that of Michael

Angelo, since no one in modern times thinks of Deity as being in the form of man.

It is regretable that practically every Christian church has denied that God has a body in form resembling yours and mine. Yet, the

scriptures] are replete with statements that we are made in the form of God; that we are his offspring. The present conception of the

nature of God is altogether indefinite. He is regarded as something

wholly kind of force or power or influence existincomprehensible—a

ing everywhere and centered nowhere. This conception, of course,

robs Deity of that fatherly, paternal influence that he is said to have for his children. I do not understand how a man can believe

in the holy scriptures and at the same time deny the personality of God.

The repudiation of Jesus Christ did not stop here. Within

the past few years there hasi spread over the land an almost complete denial of the atonement. It took on its present form less than a decade

ago, when here and there isolated men stood before their congregations and disclaimed belief in the atonement of Jesus Christ. The denial

spread like a prairie fire, so that today there are hundreds of churches in America and foreign lands from which preachers are denying the atonement of Jesus Christ, and the fact that he is the Savior of mankind.

Last of all came the denial that Jesus is the Son of God; he was

not conceived by the Holy Ghost; but rather, he is merely the son of

Joseph, the carpenter. It is explained that Jesus, although a great man,

a man of much wisdom and intelligence, a man inspired of the

Father, is not the son of God.

Today, even at Christmas time, the doctrine is being preached in both the old world and the new that baptism by immersion for the remission of sins is not necessary, that revelation has long since ceased, that the human body will not be resurrected, that God does not possess a personal body, that there is no atonement, and that Jesus

Christ is not the son of God. / ask you, my friends, in the nam&

of Christianity, was the denial of Jesus Christ by the Jews any more complete than hi denial by the socalled Christian world of today?

490 IMPROVEMENT ERA

You and I, my brethren and sisters, stand in a fortunate position.

For some reason, God has favored us with recent revelations, which, if obeyed, will enable us to keep our feet firmly anchored in the truth.

The Lord with his son Jesus Christ appeared to the Prophet Joseph

Smith, at Palmyra, New York. He exhibited a glorified personality.

By his side stood his son. The Father said, "This is my beloved

Son. Hear him."Then Jesus with his own voice instructed the boy

prophet what should be done. Again, at the dedication of the Kirtland temple, Jesus Christ, the resurrected redeemer of the world,

stood upon the breastwork of the pulpit and expounded truths of the everlasting gospel. At various other times Joseph, the Prophet, was

instructed by heavenly messengers concerning the principles of salvation. I have already said that we stand today in a unique position.

While the world is groping in darkness, because of lack of connection with the throne of God, our journey has been vouchsafed, provided, we adhere to the principles that have been given unto us.

To me, two great lessons can be learned from the present condition of the Christian world. May I illustrate each with a personal

experience? I traveled at one time on the Escalante desert by night.

Through choice, I was seated by the side of the driver. The night

was dark, and the only objects that could be seen were those that were illuminated by the lights of the machine. At various points

in the desert the road divided. I frequently interested myself as we

approached points of bifurcation by guessing as to which of the roads the driver would follow. Sometimes he took the road that I had

selected, and sometimes the other. Later in the evening, after we

had passed a certain point of division, I said to him, "Why did you take the righthand road?"He replied, "I have taken the righthand road because we are going to Cedar City. The lefthand road

leads to Parowan."Again I asked him why he took the lefthand

road, and he said, "The righthand road leads to Kanara, the other to Cedar City."And then out there in the darkness of the desert,

I learned a great truth, namely: The most dangerous road in life

is the one that diverges from the right road by a very small angle.

When a road separated from the one that we were following by a small angle it was alluring, I could see why we should not follow it, its general direction was the same as that of ours, but on no occasion was I disturbed when we passed a road that traversed the country at right angles to the one that led to our destination.

Then, as I went back in my experience, I could not recall a single case in which an acquaintance of mine had gone wrong all at once. He had gradually departed from the right road. The application of this great truth, in my judgment, is this: The law of

God requires that Latterday Saints accept the doctrines of Jesus Christ in their entirety. We must not find ourselves departing even to the

least degree from that which has been revealed,

MODERN DENIAL OF JESUS CHRIST 491

The second lesson to be learned from the foregoing discussion applies to our responsibility in the yours and mine. Again matter—to

I draw upon a personal experience for illustration. My duties at

the University of Utah require that every season I conduct parties of young men from that institution into mining districts for the purpose of making geological examinations. I take these boys into

mines, sometimes hundreds and even thousands of feet deep. On

one occasion, I had sixty men on a ladder nine hundred feet long.

When we travel these ladders) we frequenty encounter rounds that are broken. It is our practice that an experienced man shall lead.

When he feels with his foot or his hand and learns that a round is broken, he says to the man next to him, "Look out! Here's

a broken round."And even now I can hear echoing and reechoing in

my mind, as the men pass these dangerous places, "Look out! Here's

a broken round. Look out! Here's a broken round."

Now, my brethren and sisters, suppose that when I go on one of these trips I am not sufficiently interested in the welfare of the men to warn them of the impending danger, and suppose that because of my attitude one of them falls to his death. What would the people

of this would you say of me and my negligence? state—what

I paraphrase the statement slightly. What will God say of

you and of me if we have not warned and rewarned the people who are coming in contact with doctrines that are not true? The information that we have is merely a heritage which we hold as a

stewardship, to be freely given to all the children of men. I pray that

during this Christmas time and during the coming years we may be happy in the possession of what God has given us and that we will be diligent in conveying it to others. I ask it in the name of Jesus

Christ. Amen.

Winter Now Mother Earth a pensive face doth show;

Her cloak of white and brown dour Winter fetched

From Nifleheim. Gray cirrostratus, stretched

Wan horizons above, pregnant with snow,

Fills yon dull atmosphere, where floats the crow

Across the sky, with frigid gloom. Bewretched,

The giant Ymir grudgingly hath etched.

On windows, plants such as in summer grow.

It profits man in chilly climes to live,

Where blighting blasts moan minor harmonies;

There doth creative genius choose to give

Most inspiration: so human frailties

To noble men a stimulus do prove;

They lift his thoughts on higher planes to move.

Logan, Utah ALLEN FlFIELD THE THING THAT COUNTS K. KUDYARD. MALE CHORUS. Geo. H. Durham.

fin Capper's Weekly.) Feb. 4, 1926.

Moderato con Esp. dim.

P—P- Cg=> p 4ai g

'-UP—P—#—0—p—WT—[P—P-——Pmf I P P '—b*——fi—P———zHi—H—r—1 v '* 1—P* V I—r—Fr—Pv V 9

It isn't the job we intend-ed to do, Or the labor we've just be-

1 1 '\ 1 ''1:—, P—L \-0—m-—p——F*Fi——P-—bh—V—L P—P—V—*—F———w S * I V *J

mf rail. m tf \—f 1=i \-m la #—F!*

1 P—P—pg,g1 111 10—Y-0 =2 f—%—*-F—I*—F<- I 1 =1= 1—i—pi->—- h F=> -—b—b F P "——f F1——Fh—5"

gun, That puts us right on the balance sheet, It's the work we have

- 1 1 1 -i h +—w—Fb / b 1 F -—F*

a tempo.

i * H—I F——*—F-—P—m—f*-—6-a-—r-n—P-fe—-1 U—L[ '—cf F? b—b—C-———p

really done. Our credit is built upon things we do, Our

fete, T, C |tffLX pLC Uf=

poco rail. ff

+- -t—=1- - b'-Y -k b1——c- P=

debt on things we shirk. The man who totals the big - gest plus,

s—g—j—fTjrT'=Fp=ff=i=p=i=F3=J=ifez=j

THE THING THAT COUNTS 493

mf rail. marcato.

5n J mmufy=pmm Is the man who completes his work. Good inten-tions do

=F=ts=3: -#-*- - E v—v = L v—

lj u w 1—v*—vt U 1 1 a u—I \j r

not pay hills, It is ea - sy e-nongh to plan. To

animato. /A

Is #- # ftk Sy-, p—i i—i—I C -L—L j. iv.h—y—B- W—W-t—

wish is the play of an office boy, To do is the work

Do, yes, to do

mosso. if vigorousty

i&fffirSfeiEimp meno of man To do is the work of a man.

Kfe h A. rfc I '- 1 -*-i>——z l—c c lgfegljPNr

Emphasize the melody, as it occurs mostly in the inner voices and should receive careful attention.

MESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS The Past Year in Australia The past year was a most successful one in the Australian mission.

Two new chapels were completed and dedicated, one at Hobart, Tasmania, and one at Perth, West Australia. We now have a chapel of our own

in each of the capital cities of the six states. The elders have been energetic

in their labors, and through the blessing of the Lord have seen the fruits of their labors in the baptisms performed. We have very little real opposition to meet. Our greatest problem is in overcoming the indifference

of the people and getting them interested in anything religious. President

and Sister Hyde are real parents to the elders and Saints, and are surely loved by them.

Missionaries of the New South Wales conference, left to right, front row: James R.

Webb, conference president; Charles H. Hyde, president of the Australian mission;

Carolina S. Hyde, president of mission Relief Societies; Esther Stanford, outgoing

mission secretary; Rulon Knell, outgoing conference president; Lewis D. Robbins,

mission secretary. Second row: Elders Francis, Storrs, Cottrell, Lillywhite,

McQuarrie, Christensen, Creer. Top row: Elders Pilkington, Smith, Simmons,

Bennett, and Weeks.

Sunday School Improvement Contest

During the last six months of 1925, an Improvement Contest was conducted among the fiftyeight Sunday schools of the Northwestern states mission to see which school could make the greatest increase in enrollment, attendance, punctuality, officers and teachers meetings, etc. The Butte,

*** >.*;

m

*j f # 1

; -*>;* 1V

*jif'*% 496 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Montana, Sunday school won this contest, increasing from 50% efficient to 86% efficient. Here are some of the things that they have accomplished:

Increased their enrollment from 62 to 130. Increased their average attendance from 55% to 83%. Organized a teachertraining class, and are

holding all other supplementary Sunday school meetings.

During the period of the contest, a very active missionary campaign has been carried on by the officers and teachers among the members of the branch, and this campaign, together with the splendid harmony that exists in the school and branch, is responsible for the Butte Sunday school winning the contest. Several of the schools of the mission were close behind Butte

in the improvement work. Chief among these were the schools of Snohomish,

Washington; Vancouver, Washington; Great Falls, Montana; and others.

The contest resulted in a very substantial advance in Sunday school work throughout the mission. In fact a general improvement of about 15%

resulted. Every phase of the work showed an increase over 1924. During

the year 1925, twelve new Sunday schools were organized, and nearly eight hundred new pupils were enrolled. Over four hundred nonmembers are

regularly attending our schools. The Lord has greatly blessed us in our

labors so that 1925 has been the most prosperous Sunday school year in the history of the Northwestern States mission. Abeam W. Conover,

Mission Superintendent of Sunday schools, and M. I. A.

Local Elders Laboring as Missionaries

Elder Wilford O. Peterson, Goteborg, Sweden, reports that there is still

opposition from the state or Lutheran religion in that district. Notwithstanding, the work of the Lord is progressing very nicely. Several new

missionaries have arrived, and these are ably assisted by local elders, who have been called and set apart as home missionaries. "We are determined that the

message of the Lord shall be heard by every soul seeking for light."

s.;. biy&. mM Hya 1 1 R

.i?:: ':>'. \'\. 'V'ljfiS

UJL \ S 3&j$&&wfn&M

Elders laboring in the Goteborg branch, Sweden: left to right, Franklin S. Forsberg,

Salt Lake, branch president; C. Paul Holm, Roberts, Idaho; J. Douglas Swenson,

Salt Lake; Wilford O. Peterson, Sandy, Utah.

MESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS 497

Elder Stephen L. Richards, in Michigan

The Saints and missionaries of the Michigan conference held a conference on October 24 and 25, at Detroit, Mich. Elder Stephen L. Richards

of the Council of the Twelve, in company with President John H. Taylor,

mission president, and Rachel Grant Taylor, president of the mission Relief

Societies, were present. Elder Richards gave inspiring talks to the missionaries on Saturday, on the call of a missionary and functions of the Priesthood; and the missionaries were instructed as to duties by President Taylor.

Special sessions of the Relief Society were held by Sister Taylor. On Sunday,

October 25, three sessions of the conference were held at the Danish Brotherhood Hall at West Forest and Twelfth streets. At all three of these sessions

there were more people present than at any conference previously held in

Detroit. The Saints and friends greatly appreciate the visit of Elder Stephen

L. Richards, and are grateful and thankful to the Lord for the instructive

sermons that he delivered. Through them the Saints are inspired to work

more diligently for the cause of the great latterday work. U. Lyman Miller,

conference president.

4fe - JM 'SB -nF mF- "Jr- * * J W W 1 >| Itv WT V y % $ p

J i % %, J 41 t W

**.; 4%- 1

.

MISSIONARIES AND ELDERS, MICHIGAN CONFERENCE

Back row, left to right: Ottis S. Rice, Lester W. Lee, Duwayne L. Henrie, Anthon

V. Haynie, Clair S. Terry, Rulon D. Pincock, Alex. J. Hoggan, Leo R.

Cottrell, Christopher Webb. Middle row: Julia Kunzler, Elva Orme, U. Lynn

Miller, conference president; John H. Taylor, mission president; Stephen L.

Richards, Rachel G. Taylor, mission president of Relief Societies; Zelda Keetch,

Lena Youkstetter. Front row: S. Leroy Mitton, Warren S. Jones, Chester

G. Page.

President Hyde in South Australia

Elder Zelph Y. Erekson, writing from South Australia, reports that

the work in that part of the world is not hindered by active opposition, but 498 IMPROVEMENT ERA

by cold indifference. The Saints in that district are strong, and through

their efforts the gospel message is spreading. The Spirit of the Lord causes

the elders to rejoice in their ministry. President Charles H. Hyde has just

finished a twoweek visit to that conference which is located some eleven hundred miles from the mission headquarters at Sydney. The President visits

them about twice a year and the visits greatly strengthen the faith of the

Saints and elders. The elders are preparing to carry on a vigorous Book of

Mormon campaign.

ELDERS OF SOUTH AUSTRALIA

Elders from left to right: Zelph Y. Erekson, Murray; Edwin E. James, Rock

Springs, Wyoming; A. Wendell Grover, conference president. Garland; William

S. Geddes, Preston, Idaho; Sherman P. Bybee, Roy, Utah; Emil L. Roundy,

Escalante.

A Threeday Convention in the Northwestern

States Mission

"One hundred ten missionaries met Friday morning in the L. D. S.

chapel at Tacoma, Washington, where President Brigham S. Young opened

a convention which lasted from December 1 8 to 20, 1925. Each year the

missionaries assemble from all parts of that mission to these annual conventions, where they receive advice and suggestions from the various conference presidents on the important phases of missionary activities, and instructions from President Young, pertaining to the coming year's work.

The convention this year was the biggest and best ever held in the mission.

We have had our ranks swelled by more than forty volunteer shortterm missionaries. This materially added to the spirit of the occasion. Elder

Ralph B. Stratford, the mission secretary, gave out the information that the

missionaries of the northwest have baptized into the Church 286 souls, most of whom were converts; that is, they were not young people born in the

Church. One session was devoted to mission Mutual convention, and was

presided over by President Brigham S. Young, and conducted by Elder

Abram W. Conover, mission superintendent of Y. M. M. I. A. It was the

first time that a general mission convention of the Mutual Improvement Association had been attempted in the northwest. Its success was phenomenal.

There were present more than one hundred delegates from the various AsMESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS 499

sociations of the mission. Great enthusiasm prevailed throughout the entire

missionary convention, and at the last session regrets were expressed by the missionaries to think the convention was at an end; but all departed to their

fields of labor with renewed determination to make 1926 a bigger and better year for our Lord Jesus Christ."Abram W. Conover, Supt. Y. M. M. I. A.

MISSION AUTHORITIES AND CONFERENCE PRESIDENTS OF

NORTHWESTERN STATES MISSION

Bottom row, left to right: Elder Alma U. Jones, president of British Columbia

conference; Sister Mary Winder, incoming president of Primaries and Y. L.

M. I. A.; Elder Harold W. Brohm, incoming president of Oregon conference;

I. A.; Elder Sister Anna Redd, outgoing president of Primaries and Y. L. M.

J. Moroni Ward, president of Northwest Washington conference. Second row:

Elder Joseph T. Allen, president of East Washington conference; Elder Brigham

S. Young, mission president; Elder J. Kay Nelson, president of West Washington

conference; Elder Abram W. Conover, mission superintendent of Sunday schools

and Y. M. M. I. A.; Elder Wiley F. Hansen, president of Southwest Washington

conference. Third row: Elder Orvill H. Stanfield, president of Southeast Washington conference; Elder Evan W. Ashby, outgoing president of Oregon conference; Elder Ralph B. Stratford, mission secretary; Elder Richard C. Jensen,

clerk; Elder C. Verl Benzley, mission clerk. (Sister Marie Young, mission

president of Relief Societies, was not present at the convention.)

THE HOME A Study for the Advanced Senior Class M. I. A., 192526

LESSON XVII—HOME HARMONIES

I. The Lecture:

is pleasing when musicians Superimportance! of Home Harmonies.—It

render harmonious strains, and artists paint in harmonious colors, but of more lasting joy and benefit are the harmonies that are made in the home when father and mother and children live in sweet accord. It is more

vital that home makers know what will produce harmony in the home than it is that the musician shall know what combinations will produce harmonious music; or, that the artist shall know what colors blend, for the home where

harmony prevails becomes a heaven on earth "a place that one's feet may leave but not his heart."

in the home comes not by chance, but How Attained.—Harmony

by observing the laws that make for it and by avoiding the things that

the chief cornerstonemake Love—lovefor discord. for the home and its inmates—is

of the home harmonious.

Seeing eyes and an understanding heart are most necessary. Those who

enjoy the comforts of home should realize how much it costs of time and thought, of labor and money to have such a haven of rest and refreshment. Realizing this each living one will want to share in the labor, bear

part of the burden, lift some of the loads, make some of the sunlight. Even

the little children can be active participants in this. They should have their

definite tasks to do and a set time in which to do them. A desire to serve

sweetens not only the character of the individual, but radiates its sweetness to others.

Voicing one's appreciation for the home, expressing love for father, mother, children, telling mother or sister or wife or daughter how good her cooking is. saying, "Father, what a good provider you are"—these

are harmonious notes that bring music in the home, light to the eyes, and buoyancy to the step.

Harmony demands a give and take policy. One must sacrifice his

pleasure in order that another may have his desire. Unselfishness must

flower. Toleration must abound.

Young and old view things differently. Each needs to bear and forbear and try to understand the other's viewpoint. This brings a spirit of

comradeship between parents and children. All like to be understood.

Sympathetically listening to the dreams and aims of another, and helping him to further his plans bring people together in the strongest bonds of fellowship.

Order and cleanliness are requisite for harmony in the home. The

spirit of God cannot dwell in unclean tabernacles. An orderly home invites

the spirit of the Lord. Having a place for everything, and everything in its

place avoids loss of time and temper.

It is desirable to have harmonious furnishings and decorations and desirable colors for woodwork and wall coverings, for these things do affect the people who dwell within the home.

Keeping the family well by living the laws of health, wellbalanced meals served on time with everyone there to eat when they are ready, promotes harmony in the family. Sickness brings strain, worry, overwork and very

often destroys harmony.

THE HOME 501

Thinking alike religiously brings unity of purpose and effort. Prayer,

a coming together of the family before the Father's throne, makes for harmony, peace, and love.

Enemies of of harmony are nagging, criticising Harmony.—Enemies

a member of the family before others, holding up some idiosyncrasy to ridicule, losing one's selfcontrol, speaking the harsh, hasty word, shrinking one's duties and obligations.

II. Thought Exchange:

Problems 1. Name and discuss eight things that make for home harmony.

2. Name eight things that should be avoided by those who desire harmony in

the home. Show why each will bring discord.

3. What effect does harmony in the home have on the health and disposition

of its inmates?,

4. Discuss nagging as an archenemy to homemaking.

5. Discuss the effect of pouting or sulking: a. On the individual, b. On

the family.

6. What two bears should be in every home to preserve harmony?

7. Discuss the value of cultivating in one's self "the funny bone"as a

means of disposing of trivial home discords.

Problems suggested by the class.

HI. Suggestions for the Social Period.

jV. Announcements and Assignments.

LESSON XVIII THE HOME ON SUNDAY

I. The Lecture:

A. Why the home should be interested in Sunday:

1. Because the Sundayless home like a Sundayless community is deficient in one of the essentials of Christian civilization.

Who would choose for a home town, the place where the question, "What do you do on Sunday here?"was answered, "This is not

a Sunday town."Who would consent to have the front door

marked? "No. Sunday here!"

2. Because, as the foundation of society, the home needs the elevating

influence of the Sunday spirit which radiates and adds to the life even of unbelievers. It was an honest man who said, "I do

not profess to be what is called a devout man but I must confess that I am a better man on Sunday than on any other day of the week."Even homemakers who care little for Sunday may consistently say, "We do not profess to have a Sunday home, but

we must confess that ours is a better home on Sunday than on any day of the week."Is not the community a better one on

Sunday than on any other day of the week?

B. How can the home add to the value of Sunday?

1. By keeping the home in harmony with the Church.

Sunday is the Lord's day. Take away from it the religious element

and it has lost its savor. It is like salt that has lost its savor.

Sunday without God would soon go underfoot. First, in the heart

of man, then in the home, then in the community.

The Church is God's instrument for giving man a more abundant life. The home harps kept in tune with the Church organ will

always produce heavenward harmonies;.

504 IMPROVEMENT ERA

2. By providing an abundance of spiritual activities on Sunday.

(a) By effectively encouraging attention to Church activities,

Priesthood and auxiliary.

(b) By providing for recreation, permissible recreation at the home.

Permissible Sunday recreation does not include any form of recreation that is void of Sunday propriety, such as: dancing,

feasting and the playing of games, and attendance at public movies, but it does include conversation of spiritual character, reading, reciting, story telling of simple order, musical exercises, walks, and radio.

(c) By glorifying Sunday selfrestraint as hero exercise.

Sunday is for man it is true and it is for the making of the man. Men are made by resisting as well as by persisting.

The decalogue is still in force. To make Sunday abstinence

ultra easy would rob it of much of its heromaking power.

He who gave us Sunday as his resurrection birthday practiced resistence in the dawn of the first Sunday. (See John

20:17.) C. A day of spiritual activity.

1. The first Sunday was a day of wonderful activity.

An angel of authority and power sped from heaven to earth and prepared the sepulchre for the event of the ages. He shook the

earth, rolled away the stone and sat down on it. The redeemer

of the world returned from his mission of establishing a gospel dispensation among the spirits in prison. He passed victoriously

over death from the second to the third through the resurrection.

He conversed with Mary and sent her as a messenger to "the brethren."(See John 20:17.) He walked into the country with

two of his disciples and apparently ascended to his Father. (See

Luke 24:1531.) In the evening of this first Sunday Jesus

attended a meeting of his apostles. (See John 20:1925.) On

this first Sunday, faithful women visited the sepulchre to finish the embalming of the body of Jesus and were made messengers to announce his resurrection. (See Mark 16:1-6.) Some of the

twelve visited the sepulchre and a quorum or council meeting was held in the evening. These are only some of the activities of the

first Sunday but they are enough to point out that Sunday is not a day for idleness and the nature of these activities indicate that

Sunday is a day for spiritual activity. A day on which spiritual

consideration should be paramount.

II. The Thought Exchange:

A. Discuss the suggestion that there be a survey made of:

1. How Sunday is spent in the homes.

2. How the home people would like to spend Sunday.

3. How home people think Sunday should he spent.

III. Sociability.

A. Confession:

1. What Sunday is to me.

2. What I would like Sunday to be.

IV. Assignments.

Benediction.

LESSON XIX—THE HOME ON HOLIDAYS

I. The Lecture:

1. Historical background relative to establishing holidays:

THE HOME 503

a. Religious, b. Political.

2. Object of Holidays:

a. Holidays afford an excellent opportunity for creating in the loves

of the family greater love for God; loyalty to country; respect for

public officials and companionships in the home. Our national flag

should be properly displayed on public holidays. Give proper

display. See Y. M. M. I. A. Hand Book for instructions, 12122.

b. Recreation: 1. Free from routine work. 2. Parents acting as

directors. 3. Children plan activities for the day. 4. Simplicity

of preparation so that it will be a holiday also for father and mother. i [

3. Way of emphasizing message of the day:

a. In family prayer. (Suggest family prayer appropriate for occasion.)

b. At the table. i

c. Enroute to picnic, festivity, or celebration?

II. The Thought Exchange:

1. How can we create greater respect for the purpose of holidays both

religious, and political? a. Discuss some fundamental events leading

up to the religious and political emancipation of America, b. Relate

events and promises made in reference to America being a promised land. Give scriptural passages relative to the same.

Days pertinent to such events: Columbus day, Fourth of July, Flag

day, Constitution day, Armistice day.

2. Both spiritual and cultural, and educational advantages are obtained

by reviewing the lives and achievements of great men and women who have made possible religious, scientific and political freedom in our great country. We have the opportunity of making of these

great characters our companions through a study of their achievements and application of the truths they teach.

Relate briefly outstanding events of one or more of the lives of the following characters: Joseph Smith, George Washington, Patrick

Henry, Samuel Adams, Ann Hutchinson, John Jay, Abraham Lincoln,

Thomas Jefferson.

a. Discuss the possibility of spending more holidays in the home

that it may more often be a place to abide in, rather than go out from. I b. Have the family select a day during the year which is commemorative of some historical event in our Church and fittingly observe

the same. c. Give suggestions for observing some of the following holidays at

home: Arbor day, Mother's day, Flag day, Constitution day,

Thanksgiving day, Christmas, New Years.

Prove that the Latterday Saints have more cause for celebrating the

Fourth of July and Constitution day than any other people. (See

Doc. and Cov. Sec. 101 and Book of Mormon II Nephi concerning

this land of liberty.)

III. Sociability:

Relate personal impressions of our recent M. I. A. Jubilee or interesting

narratives of other important events, i. e., Abraham Lincoln's

Gettysburg speech or Patrick Henry's speech at the house of Burgesses.

(Patriotic song, music, "My Country 'Tis of Thee.")

Suitable prayer.

IV. Assignments.

Benediction.

Editors Table

The Way to Happiness Marriage makes happiness, if entered into in the right way and lived in conformity with the laws of God. Marriage in the world

is looked upon as of small importance. The marriage covenant is

often considered solely a matter of convenience, easily broken, and is not looked upon as a foundation for lasting happiness. Divorce is talked

of as an easy exit from its obligations. Hence, much unhappiness and

many broken homes, and very serious consequences for society, not to mention the unfortunate children of such homes.

We have received a news cartoon, illustrating the condition in this changing world by two wedding announcements; one is oldfashioned,

reading something like this:

Mr. and Mrs. Hall announce the marriage of

their daughter, Ellen, to Henry, son of

Mr. and Mrs. White.

Another, showing a fashionable "modern style card,"used in these days of divorce and scrambled matrimony, reads:

Mr. Jones and Mrs. Smith announce the marriage of

their daughter, Mrs. Brown, to James Robinson,

son of Mr. Robinson and Mrs. Black.

The Latterday Saints counteract and fight the conditions which make for the "modern style card,"so common in the world today, by placing upon marriage a more serious meaning. It is an eternal

union designed for everlasting joy and companionship; performed in

the temple, it endures forever, insuring neverending family ties. Marriage so contracted induces fewer divorces by far than that entered

into for time only. This is proved by the statistics of the Church

of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

Marriage in the temples is, therefore, one of the most important steps in life to a Latterday Saint. The Lord, anciently and in modern

revelation, has declared its sanctity, as his law unto man. It is so

important that he has commanded his people that it should not be entered into for time alone, but for all eternity. If a man marry a wife

by the law of God, and she is sealed unto him by the Holy Spirit of promise, by him who is anointed in the Church, and unto whom the Lord has appointed this power and the keys of the Priesthood, they shall come forth in the first or second resurrection, and shall inherit thrones, kingdoms, principalities and powers; and if they abide

in the covenant, and do not shed innocent blood, it shall be done unto

EDITORS'TABLE 505

them whatsoever the officiating servant of the Lord has promised them, in time and through all eternity. It shall be of full force when they

are out of the world, and they shall pass by the angels and gods which are set there to their exaltation and glory in all things. This glory is

a fulness and a continuation of the seeds forever and ever. In other

words, they shall be gods, because they have no end; they shall be

from everlasting to everlasting, because they continue. But, to receive

these blessings, the couple getting married must abide the law appointed for the blessings, and live up to the conditions.

The conditions pertain to marriage by proper authority, by one who holds the keys of the Priesthood of God, the President of the

Church, or one delegated by him to perform the ceremony in the holy temples of the Lord.

Such an 'ordinance is for time and for all eternity. One can

readily see, therefore, how important temple marriage is to the young

Latterday Saints. No marriage performed in any other way is permanent and lasting; it is only until death separates the two; it is of no

force when they are out of the world. "It shall be thrown down, and

shall not remain after men are dead; neither in, nor after, the resurrection,"saith the Lord, God. "For whatsover things remain are by

me; and whatsoever things are not by me, shall be broken and

destroyed."

The young people of the Church, who enter into and comply with this important marriage covenant are forming for themselves one of the strongest supports for happiness that can be obtained, both for this life and for the life to come.

Resolved that young people contemplating matrimony shall look into this matter of temple marriages; and enter into the sacred

covenants in the right way, that they may be entitled to the richer blessings, and be made happy here and forever.—A.

Attendance at Sacrament Meetings

From the report of attendance at Sacrament meetings, and the regular ward teaching, for the month of January, 1926, as compiled by the Presiding Bishop's Office, in Bulletin No. 112, we learn the following

interesting facts:

The average attendance at Sacrament meetings, in 987 wards of the

Church, was 21%; wards reporting 100% visited by the ward teacher, 387,

an average of 68% of the families were visited; 46% of the ward teachers

all ofattended Sacrament meetings; and 24% attended Priesthood meetings;

the 94 stakes reported.

The arrangement of the bulletin was based on the average percentage of ward membership at Sacrament meetings, which ranged from 48%, in

Alberta, Canada, to 14% in Summit, Utah.

(Priesthood Quorums

A Message from the Presiding Bishopric

From inquiries coming to the Presiding Bishop's Office, it appears that some who are in charge of the Aaronic Priesthood work do not understand the meaning of the recommendation made by the Presiding

Bishopric that members of the high council be assigned to supervise Aaronic

Priesthood work, and that the bishopric, assisted by three supervisors, be placed in charge of the Aaronic Priesthood work in each ward.

We believe that the work of the Aaronic Priesthood has been very much neglected in the past. The annual ward records and the condition

of young men called to serve in the mission field are evidences of this fact. The Presiding Bishopric senses the responsibility placed upon them

as the presidency of the Aaronic Priesthood, and have started a campaign to place this work where it belongs in Church government. To meet

with success, responsibility must be placed upon certain individuals who should, as far as possible, be relieved from all other work, but should be in a position to work with other organizations and plan the work to avoid conflict.

It is very important that all those engaged in this work visualize the real purpose, and so plan their work, or carry out the plans recommended, that each department may work in harmony with all others, and with a view to giving to the young men in the Church training necessary to qualify them for greater service as they are advanced step by,step in the Priesthood.

They cannot properly qualify through study alone, but must be given work to do; for this Priesthood, which holds the keys of the ministering

of angels and the preparatory gospel, is a Priesthood of service, and provides that those holding it shall labor in outward ordinances. This requires action

as well as study. Members of the high council, who are interested in this

work and who can see the importance of it, can greatly encourage the bishops and those whom they select to assist in the wards. Where it is possible to

select active young men as class leaders, this should be done. It is expected that these leaders form a committ-e to act under the direction of the

bishopric and to keep them informed as to quorum matters. It is not

intended that these class leaders shall perform all"of the work of leadership, but they should go to the class as companions to the boys, for companionship is what they most to help them to realize the importance need—someone

of their work. They should have respect for quorum officers and should

advise these officers from time to time in their presidency. Quorums

should be encouraged to function as quorums. Officers should be in charge and

should conduct the exercises under the direction of the class leaders appointed.

The courses of study for this year have been especially prepared for the

Aaronic Priesthood quorums, each lesson arranged in such a manner that it is hoped that each one will give not only information pertaining to Church doctrine, but will also provide some labor to be performed. There are

duties that can be performed by deacons, teachers and priests, which may appear to conflict. It should be the duty of the supervisors to meet with

the bishopric, plan this work, and assign to each quorum the work required of that quorum. There are many times when these quorums may meet

together in social activities.

To carry on this work properly, it is important that every young man holding 'the Aaronic Priesthood be provided with a course of study. Up

PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS 507

to the first of February less than onefourth had secured these outlines.

Inasmuch as future promotions will be based largely upon the written record, as contained in the Class Roll and Record Book, it is important that ward authorities complete their organizations immediately and prepare to hold weekly Priesthood meetings as required.

Presiding Bishopric.

Leadership Week, Brigham Young UniversityJanuary 25 to 29

Preparation for the work, and a desire to serve, two of the leading factors that create successful leadership, were illustrated to perfection by all concerned, during the Fifth Annual Brigham Young University Leadership

Week, Provo, January 2529, 1926. The central theme emphasized, in all

departments and every day, was Better Teaching of Religion, a vital subject and much neglected in all our organizations.

This great Church school devotes one week each year to a training course for parents and others who cannot attend the yeararound studies.

The regular activities are suspended for the convenience and advantage of the visitors. President Franklin S. Harris and his force of teachers are congratulated upon the establishment of this much needed course.

More than twelve hundred people attended, from seventytwo stakes of the Church. They were very fortunate in having availed themselves of this

opportunity. Something was doing in every division of the institution

during every hour of the day. Class work began at 9 o'clock a. m..

a general meeting was held in College Hall at 1:30, and in the evening a

social, a concert, a dramatic performance, or debate, was given for the special entertainment of the visitors. The real class work was done during

the day, in sixteen departments, and a course of five lectures in each was offered, under the tuition of noted specialists in their respective fields of research and preparation. At the chapel exercises, at 1:30 p. m. each day,

leading speakers of the state occupied the time. Among them were President

Heber J. Grant, President Anthony W. Ivins, President Charles W. Nibley,

Dr. Adam S. Bennion, Dr. Fred J. Pack, Dr. W. W. Henderson, Susa Young

Gates, and others. The speeches were broadcasted by KSL radio, so that

many in all parts of the West listened in; and radio connection with other

rooms on the college ground enabled all who attended to hear the lectures.

The daily opportunities for study in regular courses were so numerous that almost any desire might be satisfied on any particular subject of interest:

music, methods of teaching, recreation, psychology for parents, genealogy, principles of recreation, social welfare work, religious education, fundamentals of home life, farmers'conference, story telling for children, literary programs, play production, health programs, training for parenthood, scout leadership. Enlightening demonstrations and lectures on these subjects were

presented. Methods of teaching, farming, religious education, psychology

for parents, genealogy, and the various divisions for recreation and scout leadership, were especially well received and recognized. Dancing, debating,

drama, and social work, in the evenings, were very popular.

On the whole, the program should have satisfied every thirst for knowledge and entertainment that the great crowd who assembled might desire.

Officers, professors, teachers, and regular students, alike vied with one another to make things pleasant and profitable for all who attended. The

school was a great success. In the midst of his splendid supervision and

masterful leadership, President F. S. Harris found time to extend many

courtesies to the visitors, and he was ably assisted in the multiplicity of his duties by the reception committee, students, teachers and professors.

OsYLutual Work

M. I. A. Contests for 1926

In addition to the regular M Men contests in public speaking and male quartette singing as outlined in the Y. M. M. I. A. Handbook, pages

7981, there will be contests promoted this year in Y. M. M. I. A. male

chorus, orchestra and instrumental trio. The latter two contests will include the Y. L. M. I. A. membership.

Preliminary contests are to be held in stakes and districts, and the final contests will be conducted during the June conference in Salt Lake City.

Districts explained in the Y. M. M. I. A. Handbook, page 79.

Winners of district contests in M. I. A. choruses and orchestra are to

prepare also ensemble numbers to be performed in the Tabernacle with all the groups combined.

Details of the contests follow: (Y. M. M. I. A. contests included.)

1. Y. M. M. I. A. Male Chorus. 1224 members.

Prizes: first, $50; second, $2 5. Open to all members of the Y. M. M. I. A.

2. M. Men, Male Quartette. Open to all members of M Men organizations.

Prizes: four gold medals.

3. Y. L. M. I. A. Ladies Chorus. Open to all members of the Y. L. M. LA, 1215

members.

Prizes: first, $50; second, $25.

4. M. I. A. Orchestra. Open to all members of the M. I. A. who are not professional musicians. This docs not apply to the leader.

Prizes: first, $50; second, $25. Orchestra limited to 5-12 members.

5. Instrumental Trio, consisting of violin, cello and piano. Note: Clarinet and

flute may be substituted for cello and violin respectively. Open to all

members of the M. I. A. except professionals.

Prizes: three gold medals.

Points of judgment for choruses and quartette singing will be found on page 81,

Y. M. M. I. A. Handbook.

For the orchestra and instrumental trio, the points of judgment will be:

Tone quality and balance 25 points

Interpretation 25 points Technique and execution, correct reading, fluency and intonation 50 points 6. M Men, Public Speaking. Open to all members of M Men's organization.

Prize: gold medal.

7. Y. L. M. I. A. Senior Public Speaking. Open to all Senior Young Ladies.

Prize: gold medal.

For detail of public speaking contests, see Y. M. M. I. A. Handbook,

page 80.

Winners must send to our general office, a statement of intention of entering the June finals, giving names of organizations, leaders, and members.

In case of orchestra and instrumental trio, please state the instruments used;

and in case of public speaking, the subject. This must be done before June

1, 1925.

CONTEST NUMBERS Male Chorus contest In Liberty's Name, by Parks. Key of A flat. Price 15c.

M Men Quartette contest The Builder, by Cadman. Flammer, N. Y. Price 16c.

Young Ladies chorus Serenade, by Moszkowski. Three part. Flammer, N. Y.

Price 1 5c.

i MUTUAL WORK 509

Orchestra contest Zampa, overture by Herold. Ascher. Price $1.65 small orchestra;

extra parts, 20c each.

Instrumental Trio Nocturne, Opus 9, No. 2, Chopin. Perfection Edition, No. 2 by

Leo Feist. Price, Book, $1 for piano, and 5 0c for each additional instrument.

ENSEMBLE NUMBERS Male Chorus The Hunter's Loud Halloo, O'Hara. Flammer, N. Y. Price 18c.

Ladies Chorus Sing, Smile, Sleep, Gounoud. Boston Music Co. Three part.

Price 10c.

Orchestra Ensemble Largo, by Handel. Published by Leo Feist. From No. 2 Perfection Edition, arranged by Robert Recker, price 75c for separate selection or

$1 for piano and 50c for other parts, if the book is purchased.

Note: The orchestra will also play "Zampa"as an ensemble number.

Music for these events may be obtained at: The Consolidated Music

Company, Beesley Music Company, DaynesBeebe Music Company, of Salt

Lake City, and other music stores; or obtained directly from the publishers.

We trust that these contests will result in stimulating permanent organizations in these activities and that a spirit of true sportsmanship may prevail.

Ever praying for our welfare in the great cause of Mutual Improvement,

General Boards, Y. M. and Y. L. M. I. A.

Prize Offered for a Short Play

The Improvement Era offers a prize of $35 and a gold medal for a short oneact play.

The subject might center around one of the following three topics:

1. Pioneer experiences; 2. The M. I. A. work as an inspiration; 3. Outdoor

subjects, Father and Sons'Outings, Scouting, etc.

The offer is open to all who may wish to write. Manuscripts must

be in the hands of the editor of the Improvement Era on or before the first day of July, 1926. Send unsigned and accompanied by a sealed envelope

containing the name and address of the author and the title of the play.

The author of the best production, in the opinion of the judges, will be awarded the prize.

The range of the subjects may be as broad as the work of the M. I. A.

organization, and need not be confined to the three suggestions made above;

but all the plays should be consistent with, and relevant to, M. I. A. standards and work.

The play winning the prize is to become the property of the Improvement Era. All other manuscripts will be returned, or arrangements made for

their purchase.

M. I. A. Conference Programs

Assistant Superintendent Karl S. Storey of the Ogden stake Y. M.

M. I. A. reports that they have adopted a uniform program for the Mutual

Associations of that stake, which they are carrying out in all the ward conferences. In the wards where the program has already been given, unusual

interest was manifest, and the attendance was large. They are convinced,

the report states, "that these programs are a splendid aid to the M. I. A. work

of Ogden stake."They hold their meeting on the evening of the Sunday

that ward conference is held, and the entire ward membership is invited.

The program, which takes approximately one and onehalf hours, follows:

1. Opening Exercises.

2. Sustaining of Officers.

minutes. 3. Presidents'either Y. M. or Y. L.—3 Report—Joint,

Scouts, 4. Song, "Boy Scouts of America"(July. 1925, Era)—Boy

510 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Girls. 5. "Ruth, the Gleaner"(September, 1925, Journal)—Senior

Girls. 6. Song, "Spirit of the Hive"(BeeHive Handbook)—BeeHive

of the Advanced Seniors. 7. Threeminute Talk, "The Home"—Member

8. Special Musical Number.

of 9. "The Young Man and His Vocation, a Practical Course,"—Member

M Men Class.

Junior Girl. 10. "Why We Bring Flowers to the House of Worship—A

(Chapel to be decorated by Junior Girls'class.)

11. FiveMinute Talk, "The Reality of Mutual Improvement as Manifested

Here Board Member. Tonight"—Stake

12. Short Scripture Reading and Slogan.

13. Closing Song.

14. Benediction.

Prevent Slump Time in M. I. A.

Superintendent W. H. Bingham, of the Y. M. M. I. A. of the Oneida

stake, Preston, Idaho, has sent a comparative report for January, 1926, to every ward in his stake. The showing is good, one ward, Glencoe, having

100%, and the Fourth ward having 98%. Two wards did not report.

The average of the stake is 90 points. In a note at the close of the report,

the superintendent instructs the presidents'and other officers of his associavery good example for other superintendents throughout the Church:tions—a

"Spring time is usually slump time in M. I. A. What are you going to do

to keep up your interest and the interest of your M. I. A. membership? You teach

your scouts to be prepared, and surely if each of us is prepared, it is very likely our interest will be kept up and our accomplishments good. If you haven't done

so, please read pages 116117 of the February Era, 1926. It may change your,

or someone's, mind as to whom we work for in this Church. After all, it is ourselves, and we should appreciate the opportunity we have to serve and not expect

thanks. Mutually yours, W. H. Bingham, Superintendent."

In this connection, we desire to state that the general officers of the

Y. M. M. I. A. set a great value on the work being done by the organizations throughout the Church, and they express thanks to the Lord, our

God, for the devout labor that is being done in his cause, and are full of appreciation for the zealous efforts of the faithful brethren in all divisions of our work. The General Board trusts that the interest will be kept up, and

centered in the activities of the annual M. I. A. conference to be held in June.

For Sale For $2 This is how they placed the current volume of the Era before the people of Vernal in the Uintah stake, judging from the contents for 192425.

They might have added 250 beautiful illustrations of people and places, foreign and domestic, with nearly all the articles bearing on essential points in the character and activities of youth.

One hundred twentythree good poems.

Fortyfour good stories.

Eighty sermons and addresses by leaders of the Church and professors at various universities and colleges.

Fifty items on current Mutual work, instructions for the development of our young people, and giving honorable mention to those who have done something worth while.

Twelve items, giving out instructions to the priesthood, such as outlining lessons, instructions to ward teachers, and any changes made in heads of departments.

Five songs, selected.

MUTUAL WORK 511

One hundred twentythree mission messages, coming from every nation, and from every state in our nation.

Twelve editorials on current topics.

Forty miscellaneous selections covering that many subjects by professors.

Sixteen sermons from the Apostles.

Sixtythree gems of thought.

Three hundred twentythree passing events—all important news items.

(A total of 891 articles and items.)

DR. FISCHER WITH THE OLDEST AND THE

YOUNGEST SCOUT Dr. George J. Fischer, Deputy Chief Scout Executive of the Boy

Scouts of America, of New York, was a recent visitor in Salt Lake City, where he gave a scout radio talk, and other scout addresses. He is here

shown standing between the oldest scout and the youngest scout of the

Salt Lake Council. The oldest scout is Hyrum T. Spencer, a pioneer of

1847, and the youngest is Scout Richard Ward of Troop 20. Mr. Spencer

is 91 years of age; Scout Ward is 12. Scout Ward is just entering scouting.

512 IMPROVEMENT ERA

When Mr. Spencer was 1 2 he was just entering the Salt Lake valley driving

a yoke of oxen. That was 79 years ago. Scouting in those days was

genuine adventure. "Spencer Lodge,"the boy scout home in Pleasant

Green, was named in his honor because of a gift to the Oquirrh district.

He was born November 13, 1835, at West Stockbridge, Birkshire county, Massachusetts, and came to Utah in 1847, in Daniel Spencer's company. His father and sister died in the camps while journeying from Nauvoo

to Council Bluffs. He and other boys drove loose stock when the buffaloes

were so plentiful on the plains that it was difficult for the ox trains to pass through the herds. The company arrived in Salt Lake valley September

23, 1847, where the family of Spencer lived in the fort for the winters. In

the fall of 1848, while Hyrum was hauling corn fodder from the farm to the city, he was thrown from his wagon into a ditch and run over by one of the wagon wheels, which crushed him and injured him m.ost terribly.

A doctor was summoned, and after examining the boy said it would be impossible for him to live till morning, and the doctor refused to dress the wounds, saying that such an act would only add more misery to the boy. His

skull was badly crushed and his jaw bone was broken in several places.

President Brigham Young came into the house and ordered the doctor who was again sent for, to dress the wounds, saying that the boy should live and not die; furthermore, that he should live longer than the doctor himself.

In March, 1857, he married Mary Barr Young, who bore him five children, four of whom are now living. Early in 185 7, he went to the Devil's Gate

on the plains to bring some goods left there the previous Fall by a handcart company. In 1859 and 1860, he made two trips to the States for

freight. At home he has been very active. For twelve years he was school

trustee, president of the Utah and Salt Lake Canal Company for four years, and a director in that company for fifteen years. He owns business and

agricultural property in Garfield and Magna, and, although 91 years old, is still an active scout in taking care of his interests. In 1857, he was sent

as one of the seven men who watched the movement of Johnston's army, as a scout, until they arrived at Fort Bridger. In 1858, he went with

General Burton on an Indian expedition. At the point of the mountain

at Garfield, for years, he kept a trading post and a camp house for overland travelers. The site is now covered by the tailings from the Utah

Copper mills. He tells a story of being able to detect an Indian stealing

bis way through camp in the night. He used to herd cattle on Antelope

Island, Salt Lake.

M. I. A. Work in St. Johns, Missouri

Edward Braby reports to President Samuel O. Bennion, Independence.

Jackson county, Missouri, that the work of the Young Men's Mutual

Improvement Association of the St. Johns conference is progressing fairly.

"Through the M Men's organization, we have interested five boys, nonmembers, through the basketball team which we organized some time ago.

The eligibility rules for the team require that each young man shall attend at least three Mutual meetings out of the month. The Sunday School

Basketball League, of which we are members, requires each to attend at least two meetings on Sunday each month. Three of the boys seem interested to the extent that they attend Sunday school and our regular

Sunday evening services every Sunday. We take for lessons the regular

M Men's outline for the entire Church; the subject being. "The Young

Man and His Vocation."We have some very interesting discussions

among the fellows. Our work is with the M Men, an organization for

boys between the ages of eighteen and twentyfour. We have three more

young men who expect to join the class next Wednesday. Our present enrollment consists of nine members and three visitors."

Y. M. M. I. A. Statistical Report, January, 1926

a ffi g

> 3-3 o g 2 g 8 o o 2 o So 3 a B aa aa T3 g 2 IS o a 73 a II a 5 3o,. o STAKES 2 3oE-l EH U '-2 O Msia a IIOQ 63 < |l

6Z o,2 1 53 1000 18 18 145 131 295 424 995 128 77 141 226 272

Bear River 476 13 10 86 114 115 29 96 440 60 73 49 14 53 249 309 5 3 29 76 51 53 209 25 62 36 50 173 562 13 12 99 158 202 40 266 765 70 82 101 14 162 429

Box Elckr 63 8| 13 13 84 258 157 53 289 841 75 81 79 31 191 457

Cache. 520 8| 8 76 36 175 186 4731 66 40] 84 122 312

590 101 5 45 76 55 8 79 2631 3 11 45] 27 4 50 157

Cottonwood 717 10J10 103 115 256 8 291 773 78 45] 120 3 185 431

Deseret - - 4711 12|12 106 187 160 17 141 6111 681 97| 79| 13 80 337

Emery 508 9 9 69 51 136 253 509 59 38 95 171 363

Ensign 948 8 8 85 153 292 98 269 897 73 75 146 65 219 578

Garfield - 1 278 8 5 37 40 32 53 162 23 25 30 9 22 109

Granite. 850| 9 9 107 106 257 122 261 853 82 56 165 78 179 560

Grant 1192 14 11 113 77 258 91 303 842 98 70 148 5 7 222 595

Gunnison 288 7 5| 33 52 86 16 61 248 27 18 38 8 22 113

Hyrum 517| 10 4| 32 51 70 17 52 222 21 23 45 10 24 123

Jordan 101 1 16 12 106 186 218 17 294 821 82 70 113 10 186 461—98 21/ 333 5 5 43 94 89—127 353 30 48 41

215 6 6 39 63 46 99 247 34 26 18 71 149

Kolob 390 5 5 40 61 117 123 341 34 35 80 93 242

Liberty. 1350 12 12 142 234 309 228 309 1222 116 175 209 156 249 905

Logan.. 616 11 11 1161 82 187 266 651 84 43 115 156 398

Millard 344 8 6 401 59 60 19 76 254 37 43 28 15 51 174

Mount Ogden 638 8 8 8 2 [ 87 119 36 178 502 66 61 72 22 127 348

Nebo 475 91 8 57 89 115 10 162 433 36 54 70 1 102 269

North Davis.. 460 7 6 57 76 104 35 120 392 44 33 41 15 69 202

North Sanpete 717 10 10 90 77 203 59 211 640 59 41 112 22 16/ 401

North Weber 640 13|12 93 58 121 17 214 503 77 45 6 2 17 120 321

Ogden 845 1 0| 1 97 123 229 60 254 763 70 61 119 11 154 426

Oquirrh. 462 51 5 55 88 109 30 145 427 42 22 43 14 69 190

Palmyra 475 8 8 65 113 195 36 219 628 49 41 79 2 3 89 281

Panguitch 261 6 5 45 84 79 38 78 324 36 51 43 22 43 195

Parowan. 495 8| 8 53 137 116 42 100 448 39 59 54 22 45 219

Pioneer 766 10il0 74 80 160 37 207 558 55 40 76 20 146 5i/

St. George - 680 151 9 82 177 117 94 87 557 50 104 90 43 58 345

Salt Lake 1078 13113 134 168 210 55 380 947 98 90 116 24 251 5/9

San Juan 167 4| 4 35 56 70 52 67 280 27 39 49 11 5 7 199 366 61 6 56 82 126 83 68 415 46 49 71 VI 42 266

South Sevier - 700 8 7 60 50 43 10 54 217 36 37 27 55 155

Summit 467 12|12 70 86 101 9 134 400 51 54 51 6 53 2 15 265 51 4 1 31 81 31 18 92 253 18 45 14 4 5/ 138 398 1 1 01 7 1 49 81 |104 12 122 368 38 44 24 3 48 15/ 1 10 1124 26 120 438 56 1 78 82 2 6 /4 316 Uintah—- 705 1 1 0| 1 1 58

Utah 1 100 |15|15 |l34 100 [270 61 311 876 70 67 170 45 223 5/5

Wasatch 383 1 9 | 70 134 |127 194 525 57 89 82 160 388 1 45 7 8 153 331 667 1 8| 8 1 7 * 106 |1 14 224 520 55

Bannock 242 | 81 6 | 64 79 | 60 55 258 50 1 47 43 41 181

Bear Lake 1 363 111H 1 87. 84 1 1 23 32 110 431 57 51 71 13 70 Ibl

Blackfoot I 514 |13|11 1101 1136 |117 65 99 518 79 95 70 43 64 351 | 223 | 41 4| 40 | 70 | 59 44 213 3 5 62 41 31 169 | 364 1 8 71 75 1 61 1 49 4 69 258 70 49 1 35 3 70 227 1 62| 34 13 37 182 Burley. | 324| 9| 7\ 46| 104 1 66 1 28 1 75 319 36

1 53| 14 12 1 4 142 | 1711 61 61 47| 69 | 24 1 24 1 58 1 222 29 | 20 | 20| 17 1- 1 31 | 88 | 125|10| 5| 30 41 1 27 I 1 40 | 138 1 55 1 48|—1 5/ |1 12 |272 | 420lll|ll|112| 93 1 - | 951167 | 467

1 85 |176|132 1 33 |129 |555 Fremont | 657|14|14|118|232|199 | 48|186 | 783 a 2s V. 8a * o 8 a.2 3 oa. S 1 5 sg gg 5 3 on* 93 b.B.2a -—E 3o siSTAKES oa sa.2S 1 Maa)—a o gg

I* S3 f "s? Ed 1 < < < < oH o j 1 HJ z;

1 26 14 29 175 27 31 8 4 14 84 203 1 1 6 43 63 128 4 4 27 43 31 43 144 19 25 20 25 89 131 8 8 78 89 111 118 396 58 ri 71 93 299 223 8 5 36 65 43 27 22 193 24 26 31 20 12 113 8 93 248 45 52 50 169 419 68 10 98 74 367 n 13Montpelier—108 258 41 68 351 41 111 62 91 9 87 354 n

524 10 9 82 92 110 32 176 492 60 56 68 31 103 318 12 57 21 41 232 48 66 W9 31 17 9 8 61 57 758 '2 7 120 19 38 36 51 234 46 8 83 54 160 8Raft River.

Rigby 520 13 12 100 132 101 20 138 491 73 88 64 11 86 ill 315 7 5 25 24 31 10 28 118 18 24 21 12 14 89 168 6 5 45 47 32 63 187 38 30 2 8 41 13/ 370 10 9 68 111 85 106 370 48 64 5/ 52 201 381 11 11 96 142 146 54 146 584 7 5 101 8/ 37 101 401

Lethbridge 223 9 8 66 88 77 33 73 337 56 61 4/ 27 46 li/

Los> Angeles.. 576 17 17 152 180 290 11 221 854 126 149 230 8 172 685

Maricopa 411 8 8 75 135 124 40 155 529 63 80 7 5 24 111 353

Moapa 191 8 7 59 88 73 51 70 341 39 60 41 31 46 2 1> b 93 364St. Joseph 427 15 P 103 174 158 40 160 635 67 91 88 2

290 10 7 37 80 32 48 67 264 2 8 47 24 24 46 169

Star Valley 359 1 1 1 1 92 75 118 110 395 58 41 /b 70 244 336 6 6 74 99 129 38 81 421 56 82 84 24 53 2yy 183 7 6 3 7 106 22 11 48 219 18 75 16 6 32 147 435 9 9 74 170 126 16 130 516 51 109 65 1U b/ 302 16 5/ 154 29 HJ 387! 71 39 62 21 7.1 88 177 States 298??. W.N 720 108 58 148 243 10461163 71 165 224 31 204(382 33 1046 MissionCalif.

Y. M. M. I. A. Efficiency Report, January, 1926

g sj a *S a. ao o a - a 3a3 a GO2 *3 1 1 s STAKES < 1 a c Cm 1 a9s sm o g9< Alpine 10 6 8 9 9 9 10 6 10 8 85

Bear River 9 6 8 7 9 10 9 9 10 9 86 9 10 10 10 88 Beaver -—7 10 7 5 10 10

9 8 79 Benson—10 6 8 6 6 9 10 7

Box Elder. 10 5 9 7 6 10 9 9 10 10 85

9 10 10 10 10 10 8 5 10 10 92 Carbon 4 6 10 3 3 5 3 2 5 5 46

Cottonwood 10 6 10 7 10 10 10 10 8 8 89 10 6 9 8 7 10 10 10 6 10 86 Emery 10 10 9 9 10 6 9 5 10 10 88

Ensign 9 6 10 10 10 10 7 5 10 10 87

Garfield 6 8 10 6 4 8 10 2 9 10 73

Granite 10 7 10 10 10 10 8 5 10 10 90

Grant 7 10 8 8 8 8 7 6 8 8 78 Gunnison, 10 5 4 1 7 7 6 5 7 6 64 10 10 10 8 9 10 86 Hyrum—4 5 10 10

Jordan.——8 6 8 6 6 8 8 6 8 8 72

Juab, 10 6 8 8 8 10 10 8 10 9 87

Kanab 10 6 10 10 10 10 8 9 10 10 93

Kolob 9 10 10 10 10 10 9 8 10 10 96 99 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 9 10 Liberty—89 8 8 10 9 9 10 9 10 6 10 Logan

"- - ===== it 8 lS m ao IS *a la aa 1 SS o l|CO o 1aS< STAKES si 31 IS s &|oft< SB* S3s a CO oS < i!

Millard 7 10 8 5 4 8 8 6 8 8 72

Mount Ogden 8 10 10 8 8 10 10 10 10 10 94

Nebo 9 6 8 7 7 9 7 5 9 7 74 North Davis 9 5 10 10 8 10 10 8 10 10 90

North Sanpete 9 6 10 10 9 9 8 7 7 8 83

North Weber. 8 6 8 10 4 10 10 10 10 10 86

Ogden - - 9 5 10 10 8 10 8 7 10 8 85

Oquirrh.. 9 5 10 10 8 10 10 8 10 10 90

Palmyra. 10 4 7 10 9 9 10 10 8 8 85

Panguitch 10 6 10 9 4 10 9 7 2 9 76

Parowan 9 5 9 4 5 9 3 8 8 5 65

Pioneer 7 6 9 7 9 10 7 7 10 9 81

St. George 8 6 6 4 4 10 7 4 9 58

Salt Lake 9 6 10 8 10 10 8 10 10 10 88

San Juan 10 10 8 10 5 10 10 10 10 10 93

Sevier 10 6 10 9 6 10 10 10 9 "10 90

South Sevier.. 10 10 10 10 8 10 9 10 7 6 90

Summit 9 5 7 4 3 9 6 10 8 7 68

Tintic - 10 5 '8 8 4 8 8 6 5 6 68

Tooele 9 4 7 5 5 7 6 5 4 6 58 Uintah 10 10 10 5 7 10 6 1 10 8 77

Utah 8 7 10 10 10 10 6 7 10 9 87

Wasatch 10 10 9 9 10 10 10 10 9 9 96

Weber 8 6 10 7 9 10 7 7 9 10 83

Bannock - 10 10 10 6 10 10 5 10 10 75

Bear Lake 10 6 9 7 10 10 9 7 8 82

Blackfoot——10 10 8 6 8 10 8 8 10 10 88

Blaine 10 10 10 8 3 10 8 5 10 10 84

Boise. 7 10 9 5 6 8 7 4 8 8 72

Burley 10 6 7 6 7 7 8 5 8 8 72

Cassia 10 6 10 8 8 10 10 10 10 9 91

Curlew 10 6 8 2 6 8 10 10 10 7 77

Franklin. 10 6 10 10 5 10 10 9 10 10 90

Fremont - 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 100

Idaho 9 5 7 5 7 10 8 10 7 8 7-5

Lost River 10 6 10 2 6 10 8 5 10 8 75

Malad 10 10 10 9 7 7 10 10 10 9 92

Minidoka 9 6 8 10 5 8 5 5 8 7 71

Montpelier 10 6 8 5 6 9 9 7 6 6 72

Oneida 10 10 10 10 8 10 10 9 10 4 91

Pocatello 9 6 8 10 8 8 7 10 6 8 80

Portneuf 10 10 6 1 10 9 8 8 5 67

Raft River 10 5 10 3 8 10 10 4 4 64

Rigby 9 7 8 8 8 10 9 9 10 9 87

Teton 4 10 2 8 9 9 6 3 51 Twin Falls, 10 10 10 8 7 8 6 7 8 7 81

Yellowstone 10 5 10 7 7 10 10 10 10 8 87

Alberta 10 10 10 3 9 10 9 10 10 10 91

Lethbridge 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 9 10 10 99

Los Angeles 10 10 10 8 9 10 9 9 10 10 95

Maricopa 10 10 10 9 10 10 10 10 10 10 99

Moapa 10 6 6 4 1 8 8 8 9 9 69 St. Joseph 10 6 8 10 7 9 9 10 8 9 86

Snowflake 8 9 10 8 2 10 9 8 8 10 82

Star Valley 10 10 10 6 6 10 8 9 6 7 82

Taylor.. 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 100

Union 10 10 10 8 8 10 10 5 8 10 89

Woodruff 10. 6 7 10 6 10 8 9 5 8 79

N. W. States.... 10 10 8 10 10 9 7 6 9 6 85

Calif. Mission 10 10 10 3 10 10 8 10 10 10 91

An extraordinary meeting of the Assembly of the League of Nations on March 8, was decided on, Feb. 12, by the Council at Geneva, for the

purpose of considering the application of Germany for membership.

President Heber J. Grant and his secretary, Joseph Anderson, returned

home, Jan. 19, 1926, after spending a week and a half in California. While

there, President Grant dedicated a L. D. S. chapel in Virginia City, near

Long Beach.

The Teton Stake Tabernacle, Driggs, Idaho, was damaged by fire, Feb.

4, 1926. The blaze is supposed to have originated from an overheated

furnace, and only the heroic work of the volunteer fire department and other citizens saved the building from destruction.

Temperance with reservations is the attitude of the Catholic church.

That church, according to Cardinal O'Connell, applauds "voluntary abstinence"but opposes "compulsory prohibition."How would that rule

work if applied to other laws? Stealing for instance?

Right Rev. Joseph F. Class, Roman Catholic bishop of Salt Lake, died

Jan. 26, 1926, at a hospital in Los Angeles, 55 years old. His body was

sent to Salt Lake City where elaborate funeral services were held for three days in the Cathedral of the Madelene. His body was returned to California

for burial.

Salt Lake City will become the great junction of airways, in western

America, in the judgment of Major O. C. Morsley, vicepresident of the

Western Air Express. What Chicago was to the development of transcontinental railroad systems, Salt Lake City is to the present development in

air transportation, Major Moseley says.

Mrs. Kate Toponce, Ogden, passed away Jan. 19, 1926, 78 years old.

She was the widow of Alexander Toponce, and one of the first white children born in Utah, having first seen the light of day in the old fort, Salt

Lake City, four months after the arrival of the first party of Brigham

Young. She was born in November, 1847.

The allied occupation of the city of Cologne, in the Rhineland, came to an end on. Jan. 31, 1926, after having lasted for seven years. Bells were

ringing, throngs were cheering, and torches were burning, while the message of liberation was carried to the world on the wings of radio waves. Celebrations were held in every city, town and hamlet in the Rhineland.

Commander Ramon Franco completed his trip from Palos, in Spain, to

Buenos Aires, in the Argentine Republic, Feb. 10, at 12:20 p. m., making

the distance of 6,232 miles in 62 hours and 52 minutes, actual flying time.

He received an enthusiastic welcome and many congratulations, including a message of gratitude and substantial recognition from the king of Spain.

The ancestral home of George Washington, which has stood in England for 200 years, arrived at Norfolk, Va., Feb. 9, 1926, packed in crates and so

marked that it can be reconstructed at the birthplace of America's first president. The house had been taken apart and marked piece by piece. There

were 15 cases of stone, 14 wooden beams and 350 tons of brick and stone work.

American adherence to the Permanent Court of International Justice was approved by the U. S. Senate, Jan. 27, 1926, by a vote of 76 to 17.

The vote was nonpartisan, forty Republicans and thirtysix Democrats voting for, and fourteen Republicans, two Democrats and one FarmerLabor

PASSING EVENTS 517

senator against. The two senators from Utah, Senator Reed Smoot and

Senator Wm. H. King, voted in the affirmative.

Blood diseases are to be cured by a new method, according to successful experiments by Dr. Bergel of Berlin. His method consists in artificially

increasing the number of leucocites so that the "army of defense"is strong enough to deal with all invaders. This Dr. Bergel obtains by an organic

extract taken from sick animals, which, injected into suffering bodies, create antibodies. His chief study has been of syphilitic spirochetes, which are

composed of a fat shell and internal substances.

Colonel Wm. Mitchell is well treated by the President. As generally

known he was convicted by a court martial of transgression of certain military rules, and sentenced to suspension for five years with loss of pay. In

reviewing the proceedings, President Coolidge thought the loss of pay was too severe, so he modified the sentence to the extent of allowing the officer practically $400 a month, while he is out of the service. Colonel Mitchell

sent his resignation from the service to the President, Jan. 28, and on

Jan. 29, it was announced that his resignation had been accepted.

Lead has been turned into mercury by scientists at the university of

Amsterdam, according to a report in the Scientific American, dated Jan. 24.

1926. "The success of such experiments,"says Orson D. Munn, editor and

publisher of the Scientific American, "delights every physicist who is interested in the new science of atomic physics. Many scientists have been

seeking to demonstrate that the only difference between the different elements lies in the number and arrangement of the electrons in their atoms.

Transmutation is the best kind of evidence in support of the theory."

The work of breaking ground for the Federal bank building, corner of

South Temple and State St., began on Jan. 25, 1926. Officials present

included William Harmon, excavation contractor; H. M. Craft, assistant

manager of the Salt Lake branch of the Federal Reserve bank of San

Francisco; D. C. Young, Jr., architect; W. H. Hale, assistant cashier of the

Federal Reserve bank at San Francisco; Ramm Hansen, architect; H.

Tempest, Harry P. Poll, architect, and H. M. Walker, of the P. J. Walker

company, construction manager employed by the Federal Reserve bank of

San Francisco.

Cardinal Mercier, primate of Belgium, died at Brussels, Jan. 23, 1926.

He became world famous during the war, on account of the patriotic stand he took against the invaders of the country. His principal interest in life

since the war had been his work to bring the high church of England and the Roman Catholic church closer together, and although nothing of a concrete character was ever accomplished, he had not altogether lost hope of eventually realizing his aim. Desire Joseph Mercier was born at Braine

l'Alleud in the year 1851, studied theology and philosophy, and became archbishop of Maline in 1906, and cardinal in 1907. He has published

works on logic and psychology.

Mussolini, the Italian premier, succeeded in creating a ripple in European capitals, by a fiery speech in the chamber of deputies, Feb. 7, which is

considered as a warning to Germany. Italy is trying to suppress the German

language in South Tyrol. The Bavarian minister, Dr. Held, recently asked

Germans to support the Tyrolians in their struggle for their language. To

this Mussolini replied in part: "Fascist Italy can, if necessary, carry her flag

beyond the Brennero frontier, but never backwards from where it flies now."

Stresemann denied that the German government had carried on any agitation in South Tyrol, whereupon Mussolini replied by reiterating his charges, and threatening "reprisals,"if necessary.

Wilhjalmur Stefanson, the famous Arctic explorer, lectured in the Assembly Hall, Salt Lake City, Jan. 20, to a large and interested audience, on

his experiences in the Polar regions. Contrary to the general impression re518 IMPROVEMENT ERA

garding the climatic conditions in the high northern latitudes, the countries within the Arctic circle, the explorer said, have delightful summers with as much as from 80 to 100 degrees of heat, and winters less rigorous than for instance, Montana, or Siberia. There were forests, several kinds of

large animals, and humming insects flittering from flower to flower. He

also maintained that it is perfectly feasible to travel and live comfortably off the animals that inhabit the Arctic.

Civilization is in danger was the burden of an address delivered, Jan. 1 1,

by the British Premier Stanley Baldwin at the meeting of the Classical

Association. There came a time, he said, in the history of the Roman empire

when there were not enough Romans to carry on the work of Rome. There

were fears among those in responsible governments today that war, by the destruction of the best lives in such great numbers had left Britain without enough of her breed to carry on the work of the British empire. "Our

task is hard enough, but it will be accomplished,"he said. "Yet who in

Europe does not know that one more war in the west and the civilization of ages will fall with as great a shock as that of Rome?"

The silver anniversary of the Alpine Stake was observed in the Tabernacle, American Fork, Jan. 20. Among the special visitors were President

Heber J. Grant, Patriarch Hyrum G. Smith, Elder George Albert Smith,

President Rudger Clawson, and Dr. George H. Brimhall. The members of the

stake presidency, President Stephen L. Chipman and his counselors, James

H. Clarke and Abel John Evans, were each presented with a large Bible, in

recognition of their services the past 25 years. A banquet was held in the

amusement hall with W. L. Hayes as toastmaster, and a general reception

was held from 7:30 to 10 p. m., with Harriet R. Hayes in charge.

At Lehi all business houses were closed at 1 p. m., to enable those

who desired to attend the anniversary at American Fork.

Edmund M. McLatchie, of Kaysville, Utah, passed away at his home

there, Feb. 4, 1926, 83 years of age. An attack of asthma was the cause.

He was born in County Down, Ireland, Oct. 23, 1842. His parents were

members of the Church at the time of his birth, being among the first converts in Ireland. He spent his early youth in Birmingham, England, where he engaged in local missionary work. He emigrated to America in 1862, coming

direct to Utah, walking the entire distance across the plains. He spent a

number of years working on the Salt Lake temple and was one of the first settlers in Kanosh and Beaver. In 1886 he moved to Star valley, Wyo., where

he also was one of the first settlers and where he remained until 1913, when he moved to Kaysville, where he had since resided. He is survived by a

widow, five children and a large number of grandchildren and greatgrand- children.

The death of Dr. Harvey Coe Hullinger, at the home of his son, Winfield Hullinger, Vernal, Utah, Jan. 27, 1926, was announced on that date.

He is said to have been, at the time of his death, the oldest practicing physician in Utah, and, possibly, the oldest member of the Church inasmuch as he was 101 years old. He was also the chief "medicine man"of the

Indians in the Uinta basin, having received that position, when he attended

Chief Wash and successfully treated him for pneumonia. Dr. Hullinger was

born in Ohio, December 2, 1824, and graduated from a medical school at

Columbus, Ohio, in 1852. In 1859 he came to Utah and settled near the

mouth of Mill Creek canyon. He did odd jobs until he enlisted in the

service. After the Civil War he took up his practice as a physician and

established his home on Big Cottonwood. Later he moved to southern Utah,

where he practiced his profession. A military funeral was held for the

doctor Jan. 31. The American Legion was in charge. He is survived by two

daughters, a son, twentythree grandchildren, eightytwo greatgrandchildren and thirty greatgreat-grandchildren.

Judge Edward Fenton Colbourn died at his home in Salt Lake City,

PASSING EVENTS 519

Jan. 14, after a week's illness of heart trouble. He was born at Modena,

Ohio, practiced law in various places in Kansas and Colorado and came to Salt Lake City in 1888, and engaged in real estate business. Along about

1890 Mr. Colbourn purchased from Charles Popper the tract of land that is

now known as Bonneville park, this being, oldtimers say, the original

Popper homestead. He named the tract "Popperton Place,"and through

extensive publicity and the expenditure of a large amount of money did much toward bringing about the modernizing of this section of the city, both in the matter of street improvements and the erection of desirable homes.

He later disposed of his interests in this place to the Newhouse organization, and it became known as "Bonnevilleon-theHill."

The first six converts in South America were baptized Sunday, Dec.

13, 1925, by Elder Melvin J. Ballard in the La Plata river, Buenos Aires,

Argentine republic. According to Elder Rulon S. Wells, these baptisms are

the first in South America since the days of the Nephites. The mayor, or

Intendente, of Buenos Aires has assured Elder Ballard and his fellowlaborers, that there would be no interference with their labors from the government.

The six baptized converts were Germans, having been converted by the efforts of one Brother Wilhelm Friedrichs and other members from the old country. Owing to serious illness Elder Wells was forced to leave Buenos

Aires on Jan. 14, 1926, landing in New York on Feb. 1, and arriving in

Salt Lake City on Feb. 6. His health was considerably better, and his many

friends all hope that his health will be restored speedily.

Mrs. Ann Elizabeth Riter Young closed her mortal career, Jan. 19,

1926, at the family residence, Salt Lake City. She was born near Florence,

Neb., June 3, 1847. Her parents were natives of Pennsylvania, and were of

Quaker descent. Levi E. Riter, the father, and his wife, Rebecca Dilworth,

with their children, crossed the plains in the company of Jedediah M. Grant,

arriving in Salt Lake in September, 1847. Mrs. Young, as a baby, was

carried across the plains, most of the way in the arms of her aunt, Maria Dilworth, later Mrs. George Nebeker. In 1867 Elizabeth Riter was married

to Dr. Seymour B. Young and was the mother of twelve children, the

following of whom survive: Seymour B. Young, Jr., Mrs. Melvin D. Wells,

Mrs. Ada L. Arnold, Mrs. Orson M. Rogers, Mrs. J. T. Hammond, Jr.,

Levi Edgar Young, Clifford E. Young. Florence, Elma and Irene Young.

One brother, Joseph B. Riter, also survives her.

Remnants of an ancient civilization in the Arabian desert are reported to have been found by explorers, and according to their reports, it was a civilization comparable to that of the Babylonians and Egyptians. Dr.

Ditleff Nielsen, the Danish historian, is about to issue a report of several years of study of the subject. He says, in part: "The Austrian astronomer,

Dr. Glaser, 25 years ago, returned after spending 12 years in the Arabian

desert, living the life of the Bedouins; he brought home 2,000 specimens

of inscriptions, statues, and gold and silver coins which he had found in the sandcovered ruins of ancient cities, temples and palaces, giving evidence that a highly cultured people had lived in those parts. For lack of the

necessary financial support Dr. Glaser was unable to do the necessary research work; and his collections were sold in 1908 by his heirs to the

Vienna academy."Since that time the Bavarian professor, Fritz Hommel,

the Austrian archaeologist, Rhodokanakis and Dr. Nielsen have worked

hard to decipher the mass of inscriptions and the culmination of their researches has been the revelation of evidences of a great old Arabian culture.

The anthracite coal strike was declared settled, in a dispatch from

Philadelphia, Feb. 12, by an agreement between miners and operators. It

is regarded as one of the greatest industrial struggles in the world's history of labor. Two million persons in the anthracite fields and nearby territory, including 150,000 mine workers, celebrated the event. The old

wage scale, which expired last August, was readopted, but after Jan. 1, 1927,

520 IMPROVEMENT ERA

either miners or operators will have the right at least once a year to propose wage changes. Arbitration, the principle which three times wrecked

the peace negotiations, is provided for in the agreement if a dispute arises over wage adjustments, but it is only optional and is claimed by the union leaders to be a great victory for them. The word "shall,"that has appeared

in all the peace plans heretofore submitted by the operators in their arbitration offers, today was changed to "may."The strike has lasted since

Sept. 1, 1925. The men went out because they were refused an additional

10 per cent increase in wages. It has been calculated that the loss to the

minerswas $1,150,000 a day in wages alone, and the loss of production amounted to 266,000 tons a day.

Angus services for Patriarch Angus Mckay, who died in McKay—Funeral

Huntsville, Jan. 13, were held in the ward meeting house, Jan. 17, 1926;

Bishop William R. Mclntyre presiding. The speakers were: George Hunter,

a missionary companion in Scotland; Patriarch Levi J. Taylor, a companion

in settling Arizona; Joseph Ririe, of Mount Ogden stake presidency; Judge

C. C. Richards, and Bishop Mclntyre. Appropriate music was furnished by

the singers of the ward. The grave, in the Huntsville cemetery, was dedicated

by Patriarch Edward A. Olsen.

Elder McKay passed away in sleep. His whole

life was devoted to energetic pioneering, agriculture, road building, educational and civic affairs in Utah and Arizona. He came from

Edinburgh to New York in a company directed by Elder David M. Stewart, in 1863;

and crossed the plains in the company of Thomas Ricks. He resided that winter with the family of Franklin D. Richards, and worked

on the Salt Lake temple. He

came to Ogden in 18 64, working for the first few months on the road in Ogden canyon. In 1865, he purchased land in Huntsville. He

helped to establish there the first free school in Utah, serving as trustee for nineteen years. For twentyone years

he served as Justice of the Peace. He was a member

of the second Utah State Legislature, serving as chairman of the committee on roads and bridges. He was an officer in the Sunday school for thirtyfive years; became

a Seventy in 1868, and was a member of the 75th quorum, serving for many years as one of its presiding officers. He was called by Brigham Young to Arizona

in 1873, to colonize on the Little Colorado. This colony had to be abandoned,

owing to lack of water; but in 18 76, he returned and aided in building several

irrigation ditches, and in founding the settlement of St. Joseph. In 1882, he filled

a mission to the Southern states, presiding over the South Carolina conference; from

there he was sent to Scotland, where he labored in his native shire, and in the Isle of Skye, and later presided over the Scottish mission. He was ordained a Patriarch in

1916. Thus, all his days, he was a faithful laborer in the Church, and in the

development of the country.—M.

Gems from the Book of Mormon and Doctrine and Covenants is the title of a sixtyfour page brochure by William A. Morton, 661 Wilmington

Avenue, Salt Lake City, Utah. This is a collection of gems, as stated, from

the Book of Mormon and from the Doctrine and Covenants, on a variety of subjects of importance to the student of the Gospel of Jesus Christ, as revealed to the Prophet Joseph Smith. It is a splendid collection for

obtaining topics for addresses on gospel themes. The only criticism we have

of the book is, that it has no index; a page or two of index would enhance

its value very much. For sale at the Deseret Book Company, 44 East

South Temple Street; the Seagull Press, 25 Richards Street; and at the

residence of the author, 661 Wilmington Avenue, Salt Lake City, Utah;

price, 25c.

IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1926 Two Dollars per Annum Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah, as second class matter

Heber J. Grant, \,. Melvin J. Ballard, Business Mgr.

Edward H. Anderson. f Moroni Snow, Assistant.

Acceptance for mailing at special rate of postage provided for in Section 1 103. Act of

October 3, 1917, authorized on July Z, 1918

Lanutoo, a Wonder Spot in Samoa Frontispiece

Our Golden Wedding. A Poem Joseph Longking Townsend399

Oratory, Poesy and Orson F. Whitney 401 Prophecy—I

Our Constitution and Government J. M. Sjodaht 405

Holding Your Overcoat. A Poem Olive F. Woolley Burt 409

The Pioneer Use of Electricity in Utah Dr. Richard R. Lyman 410

My Boy. A Poem Flattie Jensen 412

A Garland of Verse—Little Things Ellen L. Jakeman 413

The Greatest Prize Lula Greene Richards 414

Our Savior Maud Chegividden 415

The Turn in the Road Grace Ingles Frost 415

March A. O. Nutter 416

Greetings to Loved Ones at Home R. Michelsen 416

My Poor, Rich Friend O. E. Howell 417

The End of the Trail Henry F. Kirkham 4 1

Lights of the Firmament Ora Haven Barlow 418

The Compact. A Story J. Arthur Home 419

Our Richest Treasure. A Poem Ethel R. Lilywhite 428

Melitone Gonzales Trejo Tressie M. Post 429

The Mystery Above the Boots Carter E. Grant 431

An Alleged Relic 434 Up Timpanogos Lloyd O. Ivie 435

Answered Ora Haven Barlow 438 A Career of Repentance. A Story Orville S. 'Johnson 440

A Noble Pursuit Joseph S. Peery 453

The Hermit. A Story Ruth Fishel, Fred McLaughlin 455

My Guide. A Poem Kershaw N. White 462

History of Old Bruno r Joseph J. Porter 463

The Passing of Martin Harris William Harrison Homer 468

The World Court J. M. Sjodaht 473

Joseph Smith, and the Great West VII 1. K. Russell 476

Washington. A Poem Lamont Johnson 483

Easter. George D. Kirby 484

The Modern Denial of Jesus Christ Dr. Frederick J. Pack 486

Winter. A Poem Allen Fifield 491

The Thing that Counts. Male Chorus George H. Durham 492

Messages from the Missions. Illustrated 494

The Home—XVIIXIX 500

Editor's to Happiness 504 Table—The Way

Attendance at Sacrament Meeting.... 505

Priesthood Quorums.. 506

Mutual Work 508 Passing Events 516 Advertising Policy of the Era We accept only the highest class of advertising. We recommend to our readers

the firms and goods found in our advertising pages.

ADVERTISERS IN THIS ISSUE Acme White Lead & Color Works L. C. Smith Typewriter

Beneficial Life Ins. Co. L. D. S. Business College

Bennett's Service Stations Model Knitting Works

Deseret News Salt Lake Knitting Works

Dinwoodey's Furniture Co. Southern Pacific Lines

Intermountain Life Ins. Co. Jos. Wm. Taylor, Undertaker

Jensen's Jewlers Utah Home Fire Ins. Co.

Keeley's Ice Cream Co. Zion's Cooperative Mctle. Inst.

HUMOROUS HINTS

(Contributions for this page of the Era solicited.)

A Sensible Change A painter entered the medical profession. A friend complimented him on the

change, adding: "Your faults in painting could be discovered by the naked eye;

now they will be hid."D. C. R.

A Comely Reply "Johnny,"said a sponging friend to the sixyear-old son of the house, "what time are you going to have lunch?"

"Just as soon as you are gone,"was the reply. D. C. R.

YOUNG MEN who are particular in their desires for something DIFFERENT—something entirely NEW in the latest Knitted "SWEATERJACKETS"$7.50 to $12.00—Fancy striped "Collegiate Sox"

"Military stripe neckties"$1.00 each—*if—65c a pair—or

you want to be the "FIRST"with the newest "Knitted things"just what interests write us for further particulars'—Mention

you most. WE GUARANTEE to satisfy you.

"Everything Knitted?'

Salt Lake Knitting Store 70 MAIN SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH.

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ER4 LET he mwm POLICY PROTECT YOU The Deseret News offers to old and new subscribers a service worth while $7,500 Travel and Pedestrian Accident

Policy for $1.00

Some one has to Pay Let us tell you all about it

It doesn't matter whose fault it proves,. -, to be The DESERET NEWS

Are You Insured? SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

PROTECT AND BEAUTIFY

HOME SURFACES WITH AQMB QUALITY PAINTS AND VARNISHES Acme White Lead & Color Works 145 East Broadway Salt Lake City, Utah Phone W. 6544

The height of good luck is to see the speed cop have a puncture, just as he is about to catch you. Perrins.

"Is he a reckless driver?"

"Well, he has ten notches on his steering wheel."Perrins.

Habit—A wholesale grocer, in signing a baptismal register of one of his children, wrote: "Henry Milton & Company."He noticed the error only when it was

called to his attention by the pastor. D. C. R.

A REMARKABLE VALUE

12 SIZE ELGIN WATCH With Chain and Knife to Match at $16.75

This is a thin model genuine Elgin in white gold filled case and a knife and chain to match at $16.75 complete.

Cash or Terms

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

DINWOODEY'S The Oldest Continuous Business in Utah

The furniture, the store, the organization are always ready, and fully prepared to render its patrons a broad, valuable service. The store is

filled with the most complete and varied display of exceptional merchandise we have ever assembled.'Reserved stocks crowd our

warehouses to overflowing. No matter where you live, or what your

home furnishing requirements may be, we are prepared to serve you, and at prices much lower than you would expect to pay.

Remember you always pay less at Dinwoodey's

ESTABLISHED 1857 DINWOODEY'S * "GOOD FURNITURE

She is so dumb she thinks the Golden Rule is made up of inches, instead of good actions. Glen Percins.

When some people cast their bread upon the waters, they expect it to return in the form of a hot dog. Glen Perrins.

He is so broad minded, he is flat. Glen Perrins.

MISSIONARIES

Let Keeley's pack your BOX LUNCHES for the train!

Keeley's "Good Things to Eat"—Special Menus for Box

Lunches—packed fresh—individually economical—wrapped—and so

While in Salt Lake eat at any of our 5 popular stores.

Delicious "Home Like"Foods.

We feature Dinner Specials 40c and Merhants Lunches 50c

ICE CO. KEELET CREAM

- - 160 SaMain 260 Sa State -Wtl&rs QmdyDepL 55 SaMin

ALSO 268 SO. MAIN

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

INDIVIDUAL SACRAMENT SETS NOW IN STOCK

Best in the market

will last a life time—36 glasses in

each tray

RECOMMENDED BY PATRONS. REFERENCES FURNISHED

Made especially for L. D. S. Churches, and successfully used in Utah

and InterMountain region, also in all Missions in the United States, Europe, and Pacific Islands. Basic metal, Nickel Silver, heavily plated with

Solid Silver.

SIMPLE, SANITARY, DURABLE Satisfaction guaranteed. Inquiries cheerfully answered.

ONE OF MANY ACKNOWLEDGMENTS Bishop's Office, Bern, Idaho, May 2, 1921.

"I am in receipt of the Individual Sacrament Set, consisting of four trays and the proper number of glasses.

"Everything arrived in good condition. We are very pleased with it.

I take this occasion to thank you for your kindness."

BUREAU OF INFORMATION Temple Block Salt Lake City

BOOKS

Come Listen to a Prophet's Voice is a pamphlet of some twentysix pages by Elder Joseph 'W. Booth, missionary of the Church of Jesus Christ

of Latterday Saints, Aleppo, Syria, and president of the Armenian mission of the Church. Inside the cover is a picture of the Prophet Joseph Smith,

and a quotation from the Book of Mormon, Moroni 10:4. The reader

is told: "This 'invitation, to 'come'and 'listen,'is extended to you with

unfeigned love and sincerity."The hymn, "Come, listen to a prophet's

voice,"follows, with arguments setting forth the restoration of the gospel in the latter days. The statements in the last two pages are entitled: "A few interrogative nuts to crack at your own hearthstone,"and

close with the declaration, "Tha truth is mighty and will prevail."The

tract holds the interest and ought to do much good in the furtherance of the cause of the Lord in that country.

Bros. Typewriter Co. L.C. Smith &

NEW AND REBUILT MACHINES FOR SALE

Monthly payment plan if desired

Special rental rates to students

Write for free catalogue

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ER1T ERJ

DINWOODEY'S The Oldest Continuous Business in Utah

The furniture, the store, the organization are always ready, and fully prepared to render its patrons a broad, valuable service. The store is

filled with the most complete and varied display of exceptional merchandise we have ever assembled. Reserved stocks crowd our

warehouses to overflowing. No matter where you live, or what your

home furnishing requirements may be, we are prepared to serve you, and at prices much lower than you would expect to pay.

Remember you always pay less at Dinwoodey's

ESTABLISHED 1857 DINWOODEY'S""GOOD FURNITURE

She is so dumb she thinks the Golden Rule is made up of inches, instead of good actions. Glen Perrins.

When some people cast their bread upon the waters, they expect it to return in the form of a hot dog. Glen Perrins.

He is so broad minded, he is flat.- Glen Perrins.

MISSIONARIES

Let Keeley's pack your BOX LUNCHES for the train!

Keeley's "Good Things to Eat"—Special Menus for Box

Lunches—packed fresh—individually wrapped—and economical—so

While in Salt Lake eat at any of our 5 popular stores.

Delicious "Home Like"Foods.

We feature Dinner Specials 40c and Merhants Lunches 50c

ICE CO. KEELEY CREAM

- 260 55 So.Main - 160 SaMain Sa state -Wlfters GwdpDept.

ALSO 268 SO. MAIN

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

INDIVIDUAL SACRAMENT SETS NOW IN STOCK

Best in the market

will last a life time—36 glasses in

each tray

RECOMMENDED BY PATRONS. REFERENCES FURNISHED

Made especially for L. D. S. Churches, and successfully used in Utah

and InterMountain region, also in all Missions in the United States, Europe, and Pacific Islands. Basic metal, Nickel Silver, heavily plated with

Solid Silver.

SIMPLE, SANITARY, DURABLE Satisfaction guaranteed. Inquiries cheerfully answered.

ONE OF MANY ACKNOWLEDGMENTS Bishop's Office, Bern, Idaho, May 2, 1921.

"I am in receipt of the Individual Sacrament Set, consisting of four trays and the proper number of glasses.

"Everything arrived in good condition. We are very pleased with it.

I take this occasion to thank you for your kindness."

BUREAU OF INFORMATION Temple Block Salt Lake City

BOOKS

Come Listen to a Prophet's Voice is a pamphlet of some twentysix pages by Elder Joseph 'W. Booth, missionary of the Church of Jesus Christ

of Latterday Saints, Aleppo, Syria, and president of the Armenian mission of the Church. Inside the cover is a picture of the Prophet Joseph Smith,

and a quotation from the Book of Mormon, Moroni 10:4. The reader

is told: "This 'invitation, to 'come'and 'listen,'is extended to you with

unfeigned love and sincerity."The hymn, "Come, listen to a prophet's

voice,"follows, with arguments setting forth the restoration of the gospel in the latter days. The statements in the last two pages are entitled: "A few interrogative nuts to crack at your own hearthstone,"and

close with the declaration, "The. truth is mighty and will prevail."The

tract holds the interest and ought to do much good in the furtherance of the cause of the Lord in that country.

Bros. Typewriter Co. L.C. Smith &

NEW AND REBUILT MACHINES FOR SALE

Monthly payment plan if desired

Special rental rates to students

Write for free catalogue

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Latterday Saints Garments APPROVED CORRECTION PATTERN Prepaid Parcel Post to any part of the United States If paid In advance, 20c. extra on each garment to Canada or Mexico.

These approved Temple Garments are knitted and made right here In our own Utah factory, to your special order and measurements. Lowest

prices on market. Mail your order to us now and say you saw It In the

"Improvement Era."If order is C. O. D. you pay the postage.

LOOK FOR THE APPROVED LABEL IN EVERY GARMENT

No. Price 4 Light Summer weight bleached $1.49

11 Light weight cotton 1.50

20 Light weight cotton bleached 1.75

60 Medium weignt cotton 1.75

22 Medium weight cotton bleached 2.00

90 Heavy weight cotton unbleached 2.25

24 Heavy weight cotton bleached 2.60

60 Extra white double bleached, mercerized 8.00

10 Medium weight wool mixture 8.00

16 Heavy weight wool mixture 4.00

70 Snow white silkalene 8.40

18 All Marino wool 6.60

Sizes from 22 to 44 bust, 52 to 64 lengths, as desired. Longer than 64

inches or over 44 in. bust, each size 20c. extra. Garments with double

backs 25c. extra per suit. We will make any size desired.

Measure bust around body under arms; length from center on top of

shoulder down to inside of ankle. Orders for less than two garments not

accepted.

If "Modified Style,"short sleeves, low neck, buttons etc., is wanted, so state

and add 25c. per suit to above prices, or regular Garment will be sent to you.

KNITTING MODEL CHRISTIANSON, ManagerWORKS FRANKLIN 657 Iverson St., Salt Lake City, Utah. Phone Hy. 616

Has Your Picture Appeared in the Era?

If your picture has appeared in one of the past or current issues of the Improvement

Era, would you not like to have the cut from which it was printed?

This cut would be an appropriate souvenir and remembrance of all that it represents. It could be put to practical use in programs, biography, family history, etc.

We have on hand a number of cuts which we believe would be of inestimable value to the persons whose likeness they present. All of them are the best grade

copper halftones, and cost the Era from $3 to $6 each. We offer them for sale

at $1 each.

No doubt, you would be delighted to have the cut containing your picture.

Just pin a dollar bill to your letter, designating the page in the Era where it appears, mail it to Room 406, Church Office Bldg., Salt Lake City, and we will send you the

cut by return mail.

IS THERE NO TOP

No man or woman ever reaches his limits of progress, though many stagnate for want of effort. Are you in a rut? Are you standing by while the world

moves forward. Wake yourself. Get into day school or evening school and

do some regular study. Make ready for opportunity.

L. D. S. BUSINESS COLLEGE

WE ARE IN SESSION ALL THE YEAR

DAY AND EVENING

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA to A Timely Word Departing Missionaries

Before you depart for your field of labor, call at this store and check the numerous items that go in the "kit"of the well equipped missionary.

All the Church Works, in various bindings, and other gospel literature here for you to choose from.

What about a Fountain Pen—Stationery—Camera—Bill Fold—Money Purse—Diary

Brief Case—Dictionary?

Pay us a be welcome whether you make a visit—you'll purchase or not.

Deseret Book Company 44 East South Temple Salt Lake City

Integrity Inspires Confidence JOSEPH WILLIAM TAYLOR Utah's Leading Undertaker and Licensed Embalmer 2125 SOUTH WEST TEMPLE SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH Phones: Wasatch 7600

Both Office and Residence

it Distinctive My Service has the Little Marks of Difference that Make

Respecter of Persons Fire Is No

You may wait till tomorrow to insure but the fire may not.

"See our agent in your town"UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE CO.

HEBER J. GRANT & CO., General Agents, Salt Lake City, Utah

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA m) UT

TRY OUR NEW GASOLINE

BLUGREEN BOYCEITE BinGreen gasoline is the only carbonless fnel in America today. Wherever yon see Bennett's Boyceite treated gasoline featured be

it.sure it is BluGreen in color—or don't accept

BENNETT'S SERVICE STATIONS

An OVERALL with a Classy Appearance MOUNTAINEER EXPRESS STRIPE OVERALLS GUARANTEED FOR QUALITY FIT AND SERVICE A clean, neat appearing garment for the Store Clerk, The Flour

Mill Operator, the Dairyman, the Garage man, the Teamster.

None Too Lsirse

None Too Smnll

Our efforts are being put forth to make this year the banner year in the history of 9he BIG HOME COMPANY YOU NEED OUR INSURANCE WE WANT YOUR BUSINESS Beneficial Life Insurance Co.

Home Office, Vermont Bldg.—Salt Lake

Beber J. Grant, Pre*. Lorenzo N. Stohl, Mgr.