The Improvement Era January 1960

First place award in Simpson Paper Company Other award winners in the Simpson Paper Company competition, 4 color magazine cover division, magazine cover competition, 1959.

1959.

NATIONAL AWARDWINNING PRINTING

FROM DESERET NEWS PRESS

For many years, Deseret News Press has been noted for the tremendous quantity of fine printing produced in its plant. Each year sees millions and millions of copies of all forms of printing flood from its presses.

Now, in addition, Deseret News Press is receiving accolades for the quality

Award winner in the Simpson Paper Comof its color work.

pany magazine cover competition, 1958. In both letterpress and lithography, the skilled craftsmen at Deseret News

Press excel while still maintaining the production capacity for turning out volume at tremendous speed.

This is by far the Mountain West's largest and most highlyequipped printing plant. Put it to work for you to produce in quantity and with prizewinning

quality any size or type of job.

Deseret News Press 1 Saltines by PURITY iflP mm%m FIRST CHOICE FOR FLAVOR...

by Dr. Franklin S. Harris, Jr.

Microcopying Wartime needs have made great use of photography. Rene

Dagron during the siege of Paris in 1870 would copy 16 newspaper - size sheets, containing 50,000 messages on an area 2 x 1.25 inches to be carried by one

pigeon. Perhaps the present record

in microcopying is the achievement of Goldberg who in 1927 produced legible images of a size equivalent to printing 50 complete Bibles in a square inch. In World War II the

British transmitted over 300 million letters by Airgraph and the United More Saltines by Purity

States about 700 million letters by

V-mail. are bought and enjoyed than all other brands

combined in the Salt Lake Metropolitan Area"Mohawk"Hair Styles

There is nothing new about this. For many years, Saltines by PURITY

In 600 B.C. the Arabians, accordhave been the runaway best seller in this market, according to

ing to the modern Bible translations the annual Deseret NewsTelegram-Tribune Consumer Analysis.

of Jeremiah 25:23, shaved their Latest figures show that 52.7% of all families who buy soda crackers

heads except for a tuft of hair left choose Saltines by PURITY, with 47.3% divided among

at the top. The Bedouins today have the nine other brands.

a similar practice as also did some Quite a tribute to Purity's flavor and quality!

of the American Indians in "MoIf you haven't tried Saltines by hawk"hair styles. PURITY lately, pick up a carton next

time you shop and see Moon's Atmosphere if you don't agree with most

Experimental values from the use other people.

of a coronograph ( an instrument for studying the sun's corona) limits the moon's atmosphere to less than a hundred millionth that of the earth's. Made in the only

Now calculations of the effect of a cracker and cookie solar wind of protons from the sun factory between which would knock away moon's Denver and the atmosphere gases produced by radioPacific Coast activity and volcanic action limit the atmosphere to a hundred billionth t your favorite grocer's that of the earth. in 1 and 2 pound cartons

PURITY BISCUIT COMPANY "Salt Lake Phoenix Pocatello

JANUARY I960 1 The Improvement Era The Voice of the Church

Contents for January 1960 Volume 63) Number 1

Church Features

Official organ of the Priesthood

Music Ward Teachers,The Editor's Page: "Except a Man Be Born Again,"President David O. McKay 14 Quorums,Associations,Committee,MutualDepartmentImprovement of Education,

agencies other of the Christ of and Question: the GospelYour Jesus War and

of Jesus Christ Church of. 16 President Fielding Smith Joseph Saints. Latterday

Howard William Hunter, Apostle from California, Doyle L. Green 18

The Ultimate Objective, Richard L. Evans 28

The Church Moves On, 10; Melchizedek Priesthood, New Melchizedek Priesthood Manual,

A Cooperative Missionary Effort, 50; Presiding Bishopric's Page, 52.

Special Features

The Spoken Word from Temple Square, Richard L. Evans 12, 40, 46, 48, 62 ART AND PHOTO CREDITS:

The Library Room, Florence J. Johnson 24 Era2425,Staff, 26,1, 4,3031,6, 14, 3233,16, 2223,34,

5455, 59, 64 50, 52,Soft Discipline and Hard Knocks—III, Hugh B. Brown 25

Service, Information Church Thorpe, 33What Is an Ideal Mother?—Part I, W. Cleon Skousen 30 Max 14, 29

Gerdts, JoernAnnouncing... Section for Youth 32 Cover, 54

Music in the Classroom, Wesley M. Mason 34

Exploring the Universe, Franklin S. Harris, Jr., 1; These Times: Some Soviet Views of Our

Times, G. Homer Durham, 4; Thoughts for Your Inspirational Talk: "What Is Truth?"6;

Letters and Reports, 8.

Today's Family: Florence B. Pinnock, Editor

Singing in the Rain, Helen S. Neal 54

Cold Days—Hot Biscuits. 58

On Being a Lady—"Kind Heart and Kind Tongue"59

The Last Word 64

Stories, Poetry

The House in the Valley, Verna S. Carter and Leola S. Anderson 22

Poetry 5, 12, 38, 41, 44, 47, 58

The Improvement Era Offices, 50 North Main Street, Salt Lake City, 11, Utah

THE COVER

Editors; L. Evans, Doyle RichardDavid and O. McKay

of Photographer camera Editor; Editor; ResearchProduction L. Zorell, Albert Jr., L.JohnGreen,G. Kinnear,ManagingEditorialEditor; Associate;Marda C. FlorenceJosephson,B.AssociatePinnock, ManagingToday's FamilyEditor;Editor;ElizabethRalphJ. ReynoldsMoffttt, The

catches Gerdts Directors. Joern Artand Maryon, Ed

Archibald F. Bennett, G. Homer Durham, Franklin S. Harris, Jr., Milton R. Hunter, Hugh Nibley, Sidney B. Spebry, Contributing Editors. Elder Howard William

JosephThayerT.Evans,Bentley,RegionalGeneralAdvertisingManager;Representative.Bertha S. Reeder, Associate General Manager; Verl F Scott, Business Manager; A. Glen Snarr, Subscription Director; Hunter,of the Councilthe newestof the memberTwelve,

on the grounds of the 1959 Copyright reserved. Subscription by Mutualprice,Funds,$2.50 Inc.,a year,and inpublishedadvance; byforeignthe Mutualsubscriptions,Improvement$ 3.00 aAssociationsyear, in ad ofance;the 25cChurchsingleofcopy,Jesus exceptChrist forof Latterdayspecial issues.Saints, All rights Los(See Angelesstory, pageTemple.18.)

Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah as secondclass matter. Acceptance for mailing at special rate of postage provided for in section 1103. Act

of October 1917, authorized July 2, 1918.

The Improvement Era is not responsible for unsolicited manuscripts but welcomes contributions. Manuscripts are paid for on acceptance at the rate of l'c

a word and must be accompanied by sufficient postage for delivery and return.

notice days'Thirty cannot changes be madeis requiredunless forthe changeold addressof address.as well asWhenthe neworderingone isa included.change, please include address slip from a recent issue of the magazine. Address Coverby DeseretlithographedNews Press.in full color

L D S BOOKS

* CHUB'S ST88Y0F THE PROPHET BRIGHAM YOUNGfor CHILDREN,

TEENS and

NEELEV PETERSEH DETA

BLEU HEELEY NATHAN 2. $2.00 Brigham Young, the Man and A Child's Story of theADULTS--- His Work Preuon Nibley Prophet Brigham Young

Petersen Deta Neeley and revised the classic This newly LDS Neeley Nathan Glen life great intimate story of the revealsMormon in "Child's the Story"Newest volume colonizer and leader, Young, Brigham and dramatic of Brig- a account his teachings. life. seriesham Young'sgives

jnViuieii! \mm

$3.95

Christ in Ancient America Family Night Fun

Milton R. Hunter

Beautifully illustrated Volume II of "ArShirley and Monroe Poxman chaeology centhe and of Book Mormon"This outlines book of exciting things dozens ters QuetzalcoatI, on the Bearded "White to do for activities, family night family of parIndian God"origin legend, whose arties, all family of and gettogethers allels the of of account Book Mormon ids.

Christ's visit to Hemisphere. the Western

:'-!".',..;

6. P $1.00 Teen Dating and Marriage Mark E. Petersen

Elder Petersen speaks straightfrom-theshoulder on the parents'responsibility in helping youth achieve a lasting and successful marriage. Every parent, Sunday

School leader, and teachers in other auxiliary organizations will want to read it.

44 East South Temple Salt Lake City, Utah Name DESERET BOOK COMPANY Gentlemen: Enclosed you will find ( ) check { ) money order Address

( ) I have an account. Please charge. Amount enclosed $ City Zone State

for encircled (numbered) books: 12 3 4 5 6 7 Residents of Utah include 2V2% sales tax.

JANUARY I960 These Times

A MONTHLY JOURNAL

OF POLITICAL ANALYSIS NTERNAT10NAD Our Farmland's Best

Gets The Safeway "S"CONTENTS Some of America's choicest agriARTICLES cultural products are raised in A'.QuestionMJFJSSNF.R: For;i Peaceful Settlement of Hie German.. 3

Utah and Idaho. Y.K. /HtifvGV:SF.MYONQV:AnniversaryOb-.truclionof Tacticsthe RevolutionContinuein Iraq.... H9

Since only the finest food prod- M. LACHS; A;: Atomfree Zone in Cenlral Europe..... 10

ucts are packed under the Safeway "S"brand label it is to be expected that many of the famed "S"brand products are grown in Utah and Idaho. Some Soviet Views

This is true.

Many of quality products from Utah and Idaho farms are sold as of Our Times "S"brand foods. This helps the

farmers of this area and also provides Safeway customers with the by G. Homer Durham

quality that Safeway is proud of. Vice President, University of Utah

Good examples are:

Town House Apple Cider Cream O'Crop Eggs The Russian journal, International for bringing this particular issue to Affairs, is described as "a monthly my attention. (Professor Thomas

Skylark Bread journal of political analysis."It is spent the month of October in Russia

Town House Tomato Juice now in its fifth year of publication. touring educational facilities.)

Town House Peas This journal is published in Moscow, The lead article in the August

Highway Tomatoes Russia, by the "Soviet Society for 1959 issue, by Wilhelm Meissner, is

Gardenside Tomatoes the Popularization of Political and entitled "For a Peaceful Settlement

Scientific Knowledge."The English of the German Question."In this

Lucerne Milk edition, which appears monthly, is a article Meissner states that "the

PartyPride Ice Cream translation from the Russian edition. Western powers are wholly to

Red Hill Catsup Editions also appear in Chinese, blame"for the German situation.

Taste Tells Catsup French, and German. A typical "The violation of the Potsdam agreeGardenside Corn issue approximates 124 pages of ments by these powers and their

Gardenside Green Beans signed"Notes andarticles,Comments,"a sectiona sectioncalled unilateralson for theactionsdivisionareof theGermanyonly reaand

House RSP Cherries called "Rackground Facts,"and a the reducing of West Rerlin, now a... and many, many others. large section under the heading, forward post for provocation against

"International Commentary."The peaceful states, to an ulcer that is

latter includes editorial judgments poisoning the whole of Europe."

A Friend Of The Family on events in various parts of the West Berlin—"ulcer"to Russia; citaworld. There then follow reviews of del of freedom to the West, illumi-

A Friend Of The Farmer recent books and studies and a secnating Europe, symbolizing the tion on documents. values of Western civilization!

A sample from a recent issue will K. Semyonov contributes the secindicate Soviet thought on current ond article, "Obstruction Tactics

affairs of interest to readers of this Continue."This literary piece celemagazine. I am indebted to Probrates the efforts of American and SAFEWAY fessor M. Ray Thomas of the College British delegations at the Geneva

of Education, University of Utah, talks on ending nuclear tests, and

describes the position of our govThey must be seized by new people, here which I have not yet seen in ernment as "obstructive."The artiand these new people are workers."another country in the world. The

cle states, "The outcome of the These "workers"usually cooperate Soviet Union has outstripped all

Geneva talks will largely depend on fairly well with our freetrade unions, others in this respect."It does not

who gains the upper hand in the which are composed of other necessay what other countries Joe Sanchez ruling circles of the United States: sary workers. has seen, or his other qualifications.

Moderate and soberminded eleIn "The 7-Year Plan and Its But "testimonials"are wellknown ments or the militaristic forces from American Critics,"B. Vronsky says, as a technique to all of us.

the Pentagon and the Atomic Energy "For many years American propaIn the commentary on current

Commission, who are closely linked ganda harped on the point that the events in the United States, the subwith the biggest American arms socialist system, by rejecting private head is "Perennial Battle over Formonopolies which are vigorously opownership in the means of produceign Aid."It describes the debate

posing the ending of atomic and tion, runs counter to liuman nature'in Congress over the foreign aid apthermonuclear weapons tests."Most and will never be able to insure propriation during the last Congress

of us thought the Pentagon and a substantial economic advance."as furnishing "fresh proof of the

A.E.C. represent our truly "soberNow, however, says Vronsky, "No growing unpopularity of the policy

minded elements!"matter how bourgeois politicians of aggressive blocs and military

Y. Zhukov views the "Anniversary and ideologists are blinded by their adventures in the United States."

of the Revolution in Iraq,"stating: hatred for the socialist system, it is Is that what you thought?

"It is generally known that the difficult to argue against clearcut In its commentary on the situation

Soviet Union has never interfered facts."The piece then goes on to in Cuba, V. Yakovlev writes, "The

in the domestic affairs of other state that it is now common for land reform in Cuba, the stand states and has not imposed its "American propagandists"to qualiadopted by the Castro government ideology on them. There is nothing fy the sevenyear plan "as a most and the firm resolve of the people

more absurd than the assumption dangerous challenge by the Soviet to support the revolution are indithat Socialism or Communism can Union to the capitalist countries, cations of the breadth and depth of be imported into a country from the the United States in particular."It the national liberation movement in

outside."is true we have heard of Sputnik, Latin America."

In an article entitled "TechnologiLunik, the Russian engineers, the And so it goes. The foregoing

cal Progress in Capitalism,"L. LeonUniversity of Moscow, and are imexamples will illustrate the view of

tyev says, "In a recent number the pressed. American policies and Western afNew York Journal and American The section, "International Comfairs taken by the avid and earnest

said most eloquently that for an mentary,"reports reactions of Amerreaders who, regularly in Moscow unemployed (man) in Detroit, Pittsicans to the Soviet exhibition of and the Soviet Union, read Interburgh, or Los Angeles, automation economic achievement. The colnational Affairs, "a monthly journal

did not represent a machine, but umn reports the findings of one of political analysis."

rather deprived a monster which so they are—says As of the men think, "a representative Sanchez,

his livelihood of him Joe and madehim scripture. for the be useful It may [sic] (Rubber?) Realty Goodyear in a vain, daysidewalks thetramp

long search for a job."Towards the Company,"who is quoted as saying: us to know how men on the other

conclusion, Leontyev says, "We know "We Americans are not easily astonside of the world think about comthat the new social forces require ished by automatic machines. But mon problems, foreign policies, and

but one thing to operate properly: I have seen automatic machines issues in these times.

INVENTORY

by Dana Benson

In marriage his young hand held mine in sacred vow;

In childbirth his kind hand caressed and soothed my brow.

In love his hands cared for each tiny one who came;

In priesthood his hands humbly blessed and gave each name.

In parenthood his busy hands signed school grade cards;

In guidance his hands lifted chins and gave awards.

In sorrow his strong hands console the ones in need,

With thoughtfulness his calloused hands perform each deed.

In wisdom his hands reassure our destiny,

In faith his hand will hold mine through eternity.

JANUARY I960 i i

i

Thoughts for your inspirational talk inI (.(.What Is Truth?"

I

MIA Theme There is no progress in fundamental truth.

If ye continue in my word, then are ye my We may grow in knowledge of its meaning, disciples indeed; and in the modes of its application, but its

And ye shall know the truth, and the truth great principles will forever be the same.

shall make you free. -W. Radcliffe

John 8:3132. Bm

i In the discovery of truth, in the developGeneral, abstract truth is the most precious ment of man's mental powers and privileges, of all blessings; without it man is blind; it each generation has its assigned part; and it

is the eye of reason. is for us to endeavor to perform our portion

—Rousseau of our species.

—Whewell i

When all treasures are tried, Truth is the To seek the truth, for the sake of knowing best.... the truth, is one of the noblest objects a man

For he who is True with his tongue, True with can live for.

his hands—Dean Inge

Working True works therewith, and wishing ill to none, He is a god, the gospel says, in earth and heaven. I When a man has no design but to speak

—William Langland plain truth, he may say a great deal in a very

I narrow compass.

—Steele

Truth is a jewel which should not be painted over; but it may be set to advantage and Truth is only developed in the hour of need;

shown in a good light. m time, and not man, discovers it.

—George Santayana 1—Bonald

I Receiving a new truth is adding a new 8 Truth is the summit of being; justice is the

sense. H application of it to affairs.

—Liebig—Emerson

mH Him

IE H And truth is knowledge of things as they

Truth is inclusive of all the virtues, is older are, and as they were, and as they are to than sects or schools, and, like charity, more nn come.ancient than mankind. D&C 93:24

—Amos Bronson Alcott m

I H 6 I THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

I

i 1. EXCEPT THEY BE AGREED 3. IN ByYOURWendellOWNJ. AshtonIMAGE

E. Petersen By Mark discusRich, warm, human

::.: sm.:. sions experiences and of faith should read every people Young

;;; -. told feeling with mean-.. and pitfalls the this discussion of frank

. to ing. the reader. spur

which await those who marry outside loftier goals and mightier their faith. Contains quotations from, destinies. Reprinted from

i: -:::;.'many of the nation's leading clergy. the back cover of "The Instructor,"here is wonderful their teenagers parents will want Wise

lestalks for material and Faith. this vital message. to read A sons. $3.00 by $1.00 toLm

2. A FAITH TO LIVE BY

By Mark E. Petersen fv.

This stimulating book contains a rich treasury of superbly written editorials dealing with home life, morality, parent and child relationships, leadership, divine authority, etc.

$3.50

5. MORE PRECIOUS THAN

RUBIES By S. Dilworth Young

Written expressly for boys by a man who loves and understands boys, this book contains short, interesting articles on subjects that appeal to boys: why there is

a priesthood, how to use it.

Word of Wisdom, chastity, prayer, etc. Vital for the LDS

boy to read.

. $2.00 4. LEADERSHIP

By Sterling W. Sill

Whether you aspire to leadership in church, business, civic, or social pur- 6. RELIGIOUS TRUTHS

DEFINED suits, this brilliantly written volume By vividly points and tells the way Fielding Smith, Jr. you Joseph

there. to get IS Contains a wealth &KOj> how

of viewpoints The you'll of stories use over again and over denominations many preside. to called when

are accurately com- I TKliT1 $3.50

biblical teachto pared Hfc* ings and revealed & It presents doctrine.

the revealed truths of God in a simple, straightforward manner. Invaluable to

students. $3.95

These Walls

BOOKCRAFT 1-60 7. FROM WITHIN THESE 1186 South Main

WALLS Salt Lake City, Utah By Richard L. Evans

Please send the following circled books for which I is collecthe latest Here ( ) or order ( ) for: $ money tion of the "Spoken

broadcasts. fW. Word"The 3 6 4 7 5

rare "commonsense"conenclose12check tained in these selections will enrich the mind and challenge the spirit of every reader. Ideal for

random reading.

$3.00

JANUARY I960

ball, and the stake MIA youth chorus. She

entered Brigham Young University this fall.

The grave of Elisha Smith, a member of the Mormon Battalion, who died December 6, 1846, has been located with the cooperation of Albert Christianson whose father homesteaded twelve miles east of

Douglas, Cochise County, Arizona. A

marker will be placed on the grave by the

Boy Scouts of America residing in SouthLetters ern Arizona Stake. Any information concerning the date of birth of Elisha Smith,

and other information that his descendants or others may have, would be very much appreciated. Please send them toand

Marvin W. Follett

1365 21st Street Douglas, Arizona Reports Hawaii Dear Editors:

We couldn't help but be pleased with the cover on the August 1959 issue of the

Era, here in Hawaii. Not only is the

theme of the miracle of the gulls an inspiration, but the wonderful abstract technique of Brother Everett C. Thorpe is

refreshing. The cover shows excellent

taste and also is symbolic of the progressive attitude of the "new"Improvement Era.

The covers with the General Authorities'photographs have also been inspiring and useful in our missionary activities.

From the little island of Molokai in the fiftieth state of Hawaii, congratulations new years. for small service class photo are Pictured many The Mia above Maid memcover. splendid a on

left at in rose has tying Broadbent is Fern participatedbers the had who who for blessthe Lord's continued Praying School, at their Leavitt, percent in attendance Al100 in Sundayceremony ward sucfor ings progress your unending and for four meetings, teacher, andberta, Sacrament Their Emily Canada. MIA cess.

is years. a Laurel. outstanding (seated), She given hasLeavitt now Sincerely yours,

Elder Nathan B. Winters

Elder John David Lemperle Elder Glenn B. Keller

Elder Jerry P. Smith

Twins Irene and Ilene Hulse, Magna

First Ward, Oquirrh (Utah) Stake, recently received their Golden Gleaner pins. Hiroshima City, Japan

They are daughters of Mr. and Mrs.

Warren Hulse. Dear Florence B. Pinnock, Editor:

Ilene has served as Gleaner council Every month I appreciate your "Today's representative, Junior Sunday School orFamily"very much. I thank you for itganist, Sunday School organist, MIA orvery deeply. They are very interesting

ganist, and ward organist. and useful for us Japanese. I've tried

recipes. of your As some we you know Irene has served MenGleaner as M

fish, recipes eat of trout, and the much representative, stake councilchairman, especially usedishes salmon, tuna were assistant Irene II ene secretary, SchoolSunday and ful. I live seaside, get the near and can chorister.ward class, training participated teacher from fish. trout, I I can't fresh get so cooked

girls individual in the Festival, received ten have AllChurch dances, Music The or of instead horsemackerel mackerel activities. other year second Bees,awards. arc Honor and They MIA is trout. stuffing troutshrimp very Baked

girls Silver Gleaners, Gleaners are as Both serving and stake Joys,Mia now mistasty. fish like so don't those Even who sionaries. years.for graduated three have They dish. the delighted with were much

"A Wise Food Storage Plan"in the Era

September was impressive for me. A big

typhoon hit our country last month. Some

towns were isolated entirely with water for

Helen Farnsworth School, and MIA during those seven years. several days. (These more than ten towns

of the Boise First She is an Honor Bee, a Mia Joy, Silver are lower than the sea level. ) Only traffic

Ward, Boise ( Idaho Gleaner, and is now working on her Golden was helicopter. Those who have food

Stake, the daughter of Gleaner award. She graduated from storage carried it upon ceiling or upstairs

Mr. and Mrs. G. Kent seminary and completed one year post and could wait for the rescue calmly, but

Farnsworth, just regraduate in seminary in addition. She has those who have no food storage were more

ceived her seventh inserved in the ward as teacher and chorfearful, little ones cried for hungry. Helidividual award in the ister in the Jr. Sunday School, organist copter can't carry so much food.

Girls'Program. She and teacher in the Primary, organist in Thank you again and best wishes for

has had 100 percent the MIA, and chorister in the Sunday you.

attendance at SacraSchool. She has been active in all Church Yours sincerely,

ment meeting, Sunday activities, including girls Softball, volleyNobuko Sumuoka

8 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Police Chief Skousen at the training grounds of the Salt Lake City Police Canine Corps.

Postum is the natural wholegrain drink that warms the heart

Have a cup of friendship... have a cup of Postum. So many

leading citizens do. Postum is made from wholegrain cereals,

slowroasted to bring out a rich, satisfying flavor. It's hearty,

healthful, hospitable.

Postum is 100% coffeefree, contains no caffein or other artificial stimulants. Ready in an instant, it's always welcome.

Make sure you always have Postum on hand.

100% coffeefree Another fine product of General Foods

JANUARY I960 9 a few steps from the TEMPLE GROUNDS... The Church

Moves On

October 1959

Elders Carl A. Mortensen and Willis R. Burton sustained as

counselors to President Shirley M. Palmer of Oneida (Idaho)

Stake, succeeding Elders Gottfried Schwartz and Elden S.

... and your car is Tanner.

parked but a few steps from your room. Tampa (Florida) Stake organized portions of Orlando Stake,

with Elder Edwin H. White sustained as president, and

Every comfort and Elders Rolla Dean Richey and Clifton B. Edwards sustained as his counselors. Tampa Stake was organized under the direction

convenience of Elder Delbert L. Stapley of the Council of the Twelve and

Elder Henry D. Taylor, Assistant to the Council of the Twelve.

Free radio and television It is the 289th stake now functioning in the Church. It is made up

of Tampa, WinterHaven, Bradenton, Dunedin, Lakeland, Plant

Reasonable rates City, and St. Petersburg wards as well as Dade City Branch. The

Orlando Stake presidency remains the same with President W.

Complete convention Leonard Duggar and his counselors, Elders Farrell A. Munns and

facilities and exhibit W. Eugene Hawkins.

halls It was announced that the Salt Lake Tabernacle Choir had

Familystyle been selected to receive an award—affectionately called a

"Crossroads"restaurant "Grammy"—from the National Academy of Recording Arts

and Sciences, for the Columbia record of "The Battle Hymn of the

Next time you drive to Salt Republic,"which the choir made with the Philadelphia Orchestra.

Lake, be sure to plan the Recognition for the choir came in the category of "Best Performance this in five of candidates or Chorus."It was one a Vocal Group by extra pleasure of staying at in Classical Perthe "Best choir category. also nominated was The

the formance—Opera Cast or Choral"through its album, "The Beloved

Choruses,"made in collaboration with the Philadelphia Orchestra under its conductor Eugene Ormandy. In all, the National Academy

announced "Grammy"awards in thirtyfour categories. Ten award

winners—including the Tabernacle Choir—were invited to appear

on the television show from Hollywood, November 29, when the awards will be presented. It was later announced that while in

Los Angeles the choir would present an afternoon and an evening concert in the Shrine Auditorium, with the regular Sunday morning radio program being presented from Los Angeles.

John Kenneth Orton, former business manager of The Improvement Era, and Salt Lake City and Phoenix, Arizona, businessman, attack. in his lifefollowing a heart Elder Orton in Phoenix died HOTEL UTAH

as filled a missionary, to Tahiti, the first time time and two missions

MOTOR LODGE hislaterpassing.as the mission president. He was fiftythree at the time of

Max Carpenter, Mgr.

10 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA USE AND ABUSE TESTS PROVE SAMSONITE'S STRENGTH

Not even the grueling pounding of Ease of Handling. Samsonite's legs SAMSONITE

CHAIR effort closes least them. ALLSTEEL open. a halfton couldnearly The hurt glide of GIANTS AT A NEW NOW

is Selfadjust- faster. easier, elecsecret: Samsonite'sthese chairs! Folding PRICE LOW

trically welded tube steel construction. ing hinges are safetydesigned. For church, school, club or

And besides unsurpassed durability, Style. The smartlooking baked yourgroupYellowseatingPagesinfo.,or write:see

Samsonite gives you these important enamel finish won't snag, is chip and Shwayder Bros., Institufeatures you want in a folding chair: rustresistant. In 11 new colors. tionalIEID,SeatingDetroit Div.,29, Mich.Dept.

p Comfort. Contour seats and backs Value and Economy. Samsonite Fold1960.

available, PlastiShieldresult in greater seating comfort. ing Chairs give you longer service. Also

with vinyl Chair bonded to seat Find It Fast

In The Yellow Pages folding chairs last longest 1960Samsonite

JANUARY I960 11 Get worlds Forgiving and Forgetting of hot water 3 times as fast Richard L. Evans

with a Last week we cited this sentence: "Make an enemy,

the suggested see him everywhere,"and you 1—and "QUICK RECOVERY"differences before settling sundown. of THE wisdom We

SPOKEN forget"—but "Forgive and hear the phrase, often WORD

is "forgetting"sometimes much forget how may is no one who does not sometime need ELECTRIC a part of "forgiving."There

to be forgiven. But saying we forgive is so much easier than actually

forgetting. And if continually we remind a man of all his past

mistakes, it is likely that we haven't fully forgiven. People cannot WATER live together in happiness until their differences are settled. And

differences are not settled so long as they are bitterly remembered.

Of course the offender has some obligations also, and if sincere HEATER forgiveness is expected, sincere repentance is also expected. But

people can't move forward on a new and sound footing if the stumbling blocks of the past are always placed in the path. We

have it on good authority that he who expects forgiveness must be forgiving: For "if ye forgive not men their trespasses, neither will

your Father forgive your trespasses."2 If ever and always we hold

2&%h before us the picture of former offenses, if the way is always marred with old marks, there isn't much chance for unfettering the future.

It isn't always easy to forgive, and it is still more difficult to forget, but if there be those who have past grievances and who want to walk together again, they will have to remember that there is

UTAH POWER & LIGHT CO. much to forget as well as to say that they forgive. They who would

find a new footing of faith and confidence and understanding must learn to leave some things behind, and endeavor both to forgive and forget—not forgetting that repentance also is an essential part

process.* MY of the "The SCHOOL ColumbiaSpokenBroadcastingWord,"fromSystem,TempleNovemberSquare presented8, 1959. overCopyrightKSL and1959.the

LUNCH 1 Sonrce unknown.

IS 2Matthew"Revised. 6:15.

GOODl

my mom says it's good for me too! She

stone grinds the flour a FULL CIRCLE before baking hours few the bread... yummy,

can you taste the difference! by Evalyn M. Sandberg

It quite escapes me what she wore that night

Invest in a LEE When, gaybedecked, she left for her first dance;

HOUSEHOLD I've searched my mind rememb'ring if I might,

MILLFLOUR Aught but her fleeting smile, her hopeful glance, Electric

Portable Her wistful youth, so dewyfresh and new, Automatic

Economical How tremulous her face, how like a rose

Choice of 4 mills, write today for prices! The faint blush which from her excitement grew

Save on introductory offerflour And threatened to o'erspread her powdered nose; with. check.. sendorcoupon

money order for 5 lb.

pkg. stone ground

day shipped. I only know a lump grew in my throat;

Lee Engineering I thought it would constrict my breathing, sure,

Company As, woodenly, I waited with her coat

Milwaukee 1, Wis. And, motherproud, watched her float across the floor

IE-1-60 Dept. COMPANY,LEE ENGINEERING

Milwaukee 1, W. Wisconsin Ave., Wis. To where her partner stood, wellgroomed and straight,2023

pkg. 5-lb. PPd. Only $1.50 FLOUR, DEAF SMITH

5-lb. Only pkg. $1.00 Waiting to take her on a daddy date. PPd. FLOUR, WIS. MINN.

Name Street City State

12 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Worlds greatest tractor family gives every farmer top earning power on every job...

i There are six Farmall power sizes

10 to 65 hp. OI models and options unlimited!

There are seven International

tractor power sizes... IO to 80 hp!

There are six International:;.:v.v'-?

crawler tractors... 40 to 202 hp!

Dozens of types, sizes, and options let a farmer "design"his own IH tractor to fit a 5 acre truck farm... a 5,000 acre wheat ranch... or

any other acreage or farming enterprise in between!

See your INTERNATIONAL HARVESTER Dealer International Harvester Products pay for themselves

In use—Farm Tractors and Equipment... Twine... Industrial Tractors... Construction Equipment... General

Office, Chicago 1, Illinois. 11

JANUARY I960 13 'Except a man

Baptism is one of the "... first principles and ordinances of the gospel."As an established rite of the

Church, baptism is classified clearly as an ordinance.

Though in strict analysis it may not be considered a principle in the 'sense that faith and repentance are principles, yet it becomes such, inasmuch as it is law established by divine power.

Baptism is essential to salvation, and Christ in his earthly ministry gave his first recorded view of this to a member of the Sanhedrin when Nicodemus called upon him by night. I think that he was not ashamed of

calling upon Jesus by day, but he was a busy man. I

like to interpret that phrase, "by night,"because

Nicodemus, with his work in the Sanhedrin and other ways, could better spend an hour or two with the

Savior at night.

A great conversation took place, and they dwelt upon salvation, and Christ's first statement was, "Except a man be born again, he cannot see the kingdom of God."(John 3:3.) That is a sentence well worthy

of consideration and contemplation. It is easier to

see the. temporal things; it is easier to see the lascivious

things; it is easier to indulge in anything physical and

animallike. It is of the animal world. But to be born

out of that world into a spiritual world is advancement that the Lord requires of us, and the example that Jesus set for us. Except a man be born again,

out of that world, he cannot see that spiritual light where love, kindness, selfdenial, selfmastery, selfcontrol—all the spiritual virtues—contribute to the

development of the real man. Nicodemus could not

understand that, and he said:

"How can a man be born when he is old? can he

enter the second time into his mother's womb, and be born?"(Ibid., 4.)

See the physical interpretation?

Then the Savior was more explicit. He said: "Except

a man be born of water and of the Spirit, he cannot enter into the kingdom of God."(Ibid., 5.) There is

the essentiality of baptism. In that sentence we have

the purpose of lifethe overcoming of the physical, the animal life, and the living in the spiritual realm.

Baptism connotes fundamental principles of spiritual growth. Three of these are sincerity, simplicity, and

purity. Sincerity has been defined as "the mother of

a noble family of virtues."Simplicity and purity are

Editor's Page u by President David O. McKaybe born again

indeed the "two wings with which man soars above hatreds buried in the water.

the earth and all temporary nature."Jesus the Christ thought baptism was so essential

These three virtues—sincerity, purity, and simplicity, that he came to John the Baptist. John protested,

everyone should possess who desires to have admin- "I have need to be baptized of thee, and comest thou istered unto him the sacred rite of baptism. Sincerely to me?"(Matthew 3:14.)

should he go before his Maker, and with contrite Said the Savior: "Suffer it to be so now: for thus it

and penitent heart, acknowledge his weaknesses and becometh us to fulfil all righteousness."{Ibid., 15.)

errors, and manifest a desire to live a new life. He And then we are told that John suffered him. Fulshould have no selfish ends to serve. He should sinfilling all righteousness is a command of God, so there

cerely "desire to come into the fold of God,"to be we have the entrance into his kingdom. We have

numbered among his people, and "to bear others'obedience to a command of God, and we have the burdens that they may be light."Only in this manner beautiful, the most applicable figure that we can

can the eternal principle of true repentance be made possibly be given in fulfilling all righteousness. We

manifest. bury ourselves, we bury our bad habits; we bury our

Purity lies in the affection. It "unites with and sins, and we come forth in newness of life, just as

enjoys God."It is the pure in heart who shall see Christ came forth in the resurrection.

god. No person of impure heart, though baptized a Baptism, that burial and that birth, must be done

hundred times, can approach him. by proper authority. If we want to become citizens of

Simplicity is manifest in the intent. Prompting the the United States, or of any other country, we have to

soul to obedience, it drives from it all desires for obey certain laws and meet certain requirements, adostentation, publicity, personal honor, or earthly ministered by authorized officers. And so we do in

emoluments. In the worthy intent is manifest only the Church of Jesus Christ, and baptism by immersion,

the simple desire to comply with one of God's comby those holding the proper authority, is the one door.

mandments. Baptism is first, a rite established by God himself

Baptism is the entrance into the kingdom of God. and associated with the eternal principle of righteousIt is the doorway, and it is significant that the doorway ness, compliance with the law, therefore, being estabis by immersion. Sprinkling will not give it. It spoils lished to man's salvation. Second, it is an initiatory

the symbolism. Pouring will not give it. Only by ordinance, the gateway leading to membership in the

immersion can that birth mentioned by Jesus be propfold of Christ. Third, baptism is a beautiful and

erly carried out. There are three elements in which sublime symbol typifying the burial of the "former"

we are buried—the air, which is our natural element; man with all his weaknesses and imperfections, and

the earth, in which we can be buried, which takes the coming forth into a newness of life.

the physical, and ends it; and we can be buried in The ordinance of baptism is a law of God, obedience

water and come out, and the typical comparison of to which, in sincerity, in purity, in simplicity, brings birth is complete because it means when we get a inevitably the promised blessing of the Comforter, a glimpse of the spiritual we want to leave off the anidivine Guide, whom none can ever know, who changes mal life, with its appetites, indulgences, and to dethe ordinance and transgresses the law. Though men

velop the spiritual instead of the physical side of your may scoff at it, ridicule it, and doubt its efficacy, bapnature. tism remains ever, even in its simplicity, not only one

We arc thus buried in the water, burying the old of the most beautiful symbols known, but also one of person with his appetites, passions, enticements, and the most effective laws operating for the salvation coming forth anew. We are born again, buried with of man. In baptism, then, as in all other things, all

Christ in baptism, said the Apostle Paul (see Romans men should follow him who said: "I am the light

6:4), for as Christ was buried, and came forth in a of the world: he that folioweth me shall not walk

newness of life, so we also shall come forth in a newin darkness, but shall have the light of life."(John

ness of life with all our bad habits, our enmities, and 8:12.)

JANUARY I960 15

WAR AND THE GOSPEL OF

Question: "&* our missionary labors we are frequently being confronted with the problem of war,

especially when we begin presenting the Book of

Mormon. Since these people are nonmembers, we

have to base our religious views on the Bible teachings.

We meet many people who believe that the members of the true Church of Jesus Christ taught love and goodwill towards all men and when we go to war we: - v kill and are not fulfilling the commandments. If we Your

were really Christians, they say, we would rather give our lives than kill our brothers. We would appreciate an answer to this problem''Question Answer: It is true that the Lord taught all men

everywhere to love one another and not go to war.

The first commandment is "Hear O Israel: the Lord our God is one Lord:

"And thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart, and with all thy soul, and with all thy might."1

\nswereq OV The second commandment is: "Thou shalt love thy

Joseph FieMir Su ith neighbour as thyself."2

ideal world, filled with righteous- V President of the Councillor the iVeive This would be an ness, if all men would keep these two great commandments; but men have turned away from the true

'*-- 'v worship of the Living God. They do not love their

neighbor as themselves. Because of this condition

wickedness prevails in the earth. Nations rise against

nations, and war has plagued the earth from the beginning. This condition will continue until the coming

of Jesus Christ as Lord of lords and King of kings.

When that day arrives, all who cannot live in peace with their neighbors and worship the King of peace, will, of necessity, be removed. All indications in the

world today point to the fact that the day of his coming is drawing near. He has said:

"For nation shall rise against nation and kingdom against kingdom: and there shall be famines, and

pestilences, and earthquakes, in divers places.

"All these are the beginning of sorrows."3

However the promises are made that when this reign of peace shall come, there shall be no more war, "and they shall beat their swords into plowshares,

iDeut. 6:4-5.

2Matt. 22:39.

Hbid., 24:7-8.

16 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA JESUS CHRIST

and their spears into pruninghooks: nation shall not "Neither shalt thou make marriages with them; thy

lift up a sword against nation, neither shall they learn daughter thou shalt not give unto his son, nor his war any more."4 daughter shalt thou take unto thy son."7

Our question is, however, is there ever a time when All through the Old Testament you will find comwar, or the taking up of arms is justified? mandments which were given to Israel to go to war.

Yes, there are such times. There have been many There were good reasons for this which may be disinstances when the Lord has justified the taking up of covered by reading these parts of the Bible.

arms and has approved his people in their obedience The Lord has always upheld a people which rightto such action. When it becomes necessary for a eously defends itself against wicked aggression. He

righteous people to take arms against their enemies has said that he cleansed this American continent by who are the aggressors, in protection of their lives the shedding of blood and justified the American and in defense of their possessions, the Lord has colonists in their war of the American Revolution.

approved. If you will read the scriptures carefully, Through Samuel, the Lord commanded Israel to make

you will discover that the Lord commanded his chosen war on Israel's enemies.

people to prepare for war and even to be the agWe are taught that there was war in heaven when gressors in the accomplishment of his purposes. Here Satan rebelled and was driven out. We are informed

are a few examples: that Michael will fight the great battle with Lucifer

"And Israel vowed a vow unto the Lord, and said, at the end of the world, so there are times when war

If thou wilt indeed deliver this people into my hand, becomes necessary. We are under commandment to

then I will utterly destroy their cities. obey the laws of the countries in which we live, and

"And the Lord hearkened to the voice of Israel, many times on this account people are forced to take and delivered up the Canaanites; and they utterly up arms against their wishes, but the Lord will justify

destroyed them and their cities: and he called the them because they are subject to the law of the country

name of the place Hormah."5 where they live and of necessity have to obey.

"And the Lord spake unto Moses, saying: The Lord said to the Prophet Joseph Smith:

"Avenge the children of Israel of the Midianites; "I have sworn in my wrath, and decreed wars upon

afterwards shalt thou be gathered unto thy people. the face of the earth, and the wicked shall slay the

"And Moses spake unto the people saying, Arm wicked, and fear shall come upon every man."8

some of yourselves unto the war, and let them go The Lord has given to the Church of Jesus Christ of against the Midianites, and avenge the Lord of Latterday Saints a law by which they, as a people, are

Midian."6 to be governed. This is the law which would apply

"When the Lord thy God shall bring thee into the to his people in any age of the world.

land whither thou goest to possess it, and hath cast out "And again I say unto you, if ye observe to do whatmany nations before thee, and the Hittites, and the soever I command you, I, the Lord, will turn away all

Girgashites, and the Amorites, and the Canaanites, wrath and indignation from you, and the gates of hell and the Perizzites, and the Hivites, and the Jebusites, shall not prevail against you.

seven nations greater and mightier than thou; "Now, I speak unto you concerning your families—

"And when the Lord thy God shall deliver them if men will smite you, or your families, once, and ye before thee; thou shalt smite them, and utterly debear it patiently and revile not against them, neither

stroy them; thou shalt make no covenant with them, seek revenge, ye shall be rewarded;

nor shew mercy unto them. "But if ye bear it not patiently, it shall be accounted

unto you as being meted (Continued on page 46) 4Micah 4:3.

BNumbers 21:2-3. 7Deut. 7:1-3.

eIbid., 31:1-3. 8D&C 63:33.

JANUARY 1960 17 Elder Howard William Hunter

Clara May Jeffs Hunter Howard William HunterApostle from

It was October conference time, 1959. From many was being called to serve as one of His special witnesses.

parts of the Church the Saints had assembled to President Hunter responded by telling President participate in the glorious spirit of the conference, to McKay that he would be happy to serve in any calling hear counsel and instructions from the leaders of the that came to him, that he felt very honored in the call,

Church, and, incidentally, to see the man selected that he would do his very best to fill it worthily, and to fill the vacancy in the Council of the Twelve Aposthat he sustained the prophet with all his heart.

tles occasioned by the appointment of Brother Henry Leaving the Church Office Building, President

D. Moyle to the First Presidency. Hunter telephoned Sister Hunter who was in Provo

There are in the Church today, approximately at the home of a son. After he had told her of the

215,000 men who hold the Melchizedek Priesthood, call and she remarked how wonderful it was, neither and all the Church is a training ground in which of them could speak further. They both just sat,

these men may prove themselves worthy of positions clutching the telephone receivers. Very few words

of responsibility in God's kingdom. There are, for but much love and many feelings traveled over the

example, some 870 men serving in stake presidencies wire before they said goodbye.

in the 290 stakes of the Church. Some 3,480 are The following day in conference Howard William

members of stake high councils. About 7,500 are in Hunter was sustained by the body of the Church as

bishoprics. Thousands of others serve in mission and a member of the Council of the Twelve.

branch presidencies, in the presidencies of priesthood At any point in his life a man is the sum total of quorums, as patriarchs, as chairmen of genealogical the experiences he has had, the decisions and committees, as auxiliary workers. Which of all of sacrifices he has made. Numerous circumstances can

these men would be chosen? be observed in the life of Howard William Hunter

From Arcadia, California, Howard William Hunter, which have helped to mold his character and make president of Pasadena stake, had come to conference as him great, and which permit him to bring into his he had done for the past ten years. Following the first new position a spotless character, a driving ambition,

session on Friday morning, he was handed a note a dauntless faith, a brilliant mind, and an understandasking him if he would come, between sessions, to the ing and wisdom which have made him the Lord's office of President David O. McKay, who greeted him choice to perform the tremendous tasks that lie ahead.

warmly and told him that the Lord had spoken, that he The ancestors of Howard's mother came from Den18 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Howard near the age of eight (left), with his sister Dorothi and his dog.

As a child Howard lovedCalifornia pets. He is

shown here at eight months by Doyle L. Green, Managing Editor of age.

mark. Greatgrandfather Morten Rasmussen was born

in Brendekilde, Odense, Denmark, in 1834. When he

was seventeen years of age, he was taking a load of farm produce to market and gave a ride to two young men who turned out to be Mormon missionaries. They

introduced him to the restored gospel, and he was subsequently converted to the Church and baptized in 1851. Three years later, he immigrated to the

United States, crossing the plains to Utah by ox team.

In 1858 he moved to Sanpete County where he became one of the original settlers of Fort Mt. Pleasant,

and was prominent in farming and business affairs in Mt. Pleasant until his death in 1885.

Soon after graduating from high school, Howard (center) took this orchestra on a tour of the Orient.

As a baby.

At age five.

Howard was the second Eagle Scout in the state of Idaho.

Son, Richard, serving in the SouthAustralian Mission.

Brother and Sister Hunter, and their son John, daughterin-law, Louine

Berry, and grandson, Robert Mark.

Mother and Father Hunter, John W. and Nellie Rasmussen,

Howard's maternal greatgreat-grandfather, Chrisnortherly part of the state in those days had a very tian Andersen, was born in Svenstrup, Soro, Denmark, small Latterday Saint population. Many of Howard's

in 1796. A tailor by trade, he was converted to the friends and associates were not members of the

Church by early missionaries to Denmark and was Church, and as a boy he learned to appreciate the baptized in 1853. Nine years later, he left the home gospel for what it is.

of his birth for the Church, crossed the plains by ox Howard was a sweet and lovable child as his parents team and settled in Sanpete Valley. He also resided and his early pictures testify. He was a boy who was

in Mt. Pleasant until his death in 1884. good to his father and mother. He made friends

The people on Howard's paternal grandmother's easily. He loved animals. His mother and father

side were of Puritan extraction. Some of these anrecall that he brought home at least a dozen stray

cestors settled in Plymouth Colony, Massachusetts, cats, and when at home he was seldom without his as early as 1621 to escape the religious persecutions pets—dogs, cats, rabbits.

in England. Young Howard early developed a spirit of indeHe descends from William Palmer, Henry Rowley, pendence, and very early in his life he learned to

Stephen Batehelder, Robert Bodfish, John Wing, and take care of many of his own financial needs. While

other early founders of the nation through the Hatch just a boy he sold newspapers, worked in a newspaper and Nowell families. Three of these men were also office, delivered telegrams, framed pictures in an art

progenitors of the Prophet Joseph Smith. store, and did various odd jobs in a department

Brother Hunter's paternal greatgrandparents were store. During his high school years he worked sumScottish. Greatgrandfather John Hunter was born in mers, and after school, in a drugstore.

Paisley, Scotland, in 1825. He early became a promiIn high school he was captain of the ROTC and

nent manufacturer of dress goods, cloth, and Paisley achieved the rank of major; highest rank obtainable

shawls. In 1863, three years after he joined the Church, in that organization at the time.

he migrated to the United States settling in Salt Lake Howard's mother was a stalwart in the Church,

Valley. He engaged in the freighting of produce and serving as a teacher in the auxiliaries, as president of

supplies to and from Fort Bridger, Wyoming, Helena, the Primary, and as president of the Young Women's

Montana, Virginia City, Nevada, and other western Mutual Improvement Association, but his father was settlements. He died in Ogden, Utah, in 1903. not then a member. Greatgrandfather Hunter had

When the baby who was to be named Howard not affiliated with the Church after he came to Utah,

William Hunter was born to John William and Nellie and Howard's father had not been taught the princi-

M. Rasmussen Hunter in Boise, Idaho, November 14, ples of the gospel during his youth. So it was How1907, there was but one small ward in the city. Southard's mother who was to give most of the guidance

ern Idaho had long been "Mormon country,"but the and encouragement as far as the Church was con20 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA child and later studied the violin for a short time. But

before he was out of high school he had learned on his own initiative to play the saxophone, the clarinet, the trumpet, the drums, and the marimba. He was

playing professionally while still in high school, and it was not long before he was directing his own dance bands, which became very popular in the Boise area.

He did much of his own arranging.

When he was just out of high school, his "Croonaders,"a five piece band which he organized in

Boise, won an audition and was engaged as ship's orchestra aboard the SS President Jackson. In

this capacity he made a tour of the Pacific and the

Orient.

But being a professional musician, while glamorous and monetarily rewarding, looked as if it would not lead him into the kind of life he wanted, so he early abandoned any plans he might ever have had to make entertainment his life's profession. So firm was he in

this decision that just before his marriage he sold his drums and marimba and boxed up his three saxocerned. It was a joyful day for the Hunter family phones, his two clarinets, his trumpet, and his violin,

when the father accepted the gospel and was baptized and has not touched them since except to play some carols for the family at Christmas time.

in 1927.

A few incidents from Howard's early life will demonHoward's early training might also have led him strate his devotion to the Church and the principles into medicine. With the encouragement of a doctor

in Boise, and while working in a drugstore during his of the gospel.

When he was twelve years of age, the ward in Boise high school days, he completed a correspondence decided to build a new chapel. The announcement course in pharmacy, thinking that this would give him

was made in a meeting, and ward members were asked a good background to study medicine. But this field

to pledge what they could afford toward the new he also later abandoned.

building. The first person to rise to his feet was a After attending the University of Washington for

deacon, young Howard Hunter, who completely on a short time, Howard went to southern California on his own, pledged $25 toward building a new structure. a vacation to visit a friend. The year was 1927. He

Twentyfive dollars was a lot of money to a twelveliked what he found there and remained. Three

yearold boy in 1919. things influenced him—a job, a girl, and the country

On one occasion when Howard applied for a job itself.

at a business house in the city, the owner very much Howard had thought that he might like to make a impressed by the boy offered to give him a position. career out of banking, (Continued on page 36)

It would have meant, however, that another boy would have been released. But Howard declined the On a toorld tour in 1958, Elder and Sister Hunter and

offer saying, "No, I don't want to take some other son, John, visit the Taj Mahal in India.

boy's job!"

After Howard entered MIA, he started along the Wt **'!+

scouting trail with the enthusiasm with which he tackled anything he set about to do. His progress

was so rapid that he was the second boy in the entire state of Idaho to become an Eagle Scout.

Howard did not settle on his life's occupation, the practice of law, early. His many talents and abilities,

as a matter of fact, might have led him to succeed in any one of a number of fields.

Music seemed to come naturally to Howard. He

took piano lessons for about a year when he was a

JANUARY 1960 21 INTHE HOUSE

Monday's wash hung frozen on the line, and the children were not yet home from school when I sat down reluctantly at my 1920 model

Underwood to write my weekly news column.

I'm not a metropolitan reporter—I'm a chronicler

of village trivia, but my editor over the mountain says local names make valley people buy his newspaper. Occasionally I get a break: "The

stork nosed out the doctor in a photofinish dash to the hospital this week—"That hospital, our

nearest, is a hundred country miles away.) Or

perhaps there's another bit of stern reality in the feeding by sleigh—or helicopter—of starving

range cattle in the deep mountain snows; but

now and then I can announce "Wedding Dance

Then our valley and all the countryside turn out in celebration, and there is a band hired from "outside."My lead story today was none of these. I

hated to write it. It would not mean much to

others, but to us in the valley—Grimly I began to

type: "Death came today—"

The telephone rang—two shorts and a long—

and I leaped to answer it, happy at the respite.

"Have you heard?"a tearful voice came over

the wire. "Aunt Marta is coming home. She'll be

here Thursday—and the house isn't ready yet!"

by Verna S. Carter and Leola S. Anderson

I glanced through my lace curtains, shivering. Snow

stood in a crusty bank right up over the fence; I

thought I heard the crackle of footsteps on it, but it was probably just the clicking of receivers being taken down all along the party line. Now the whole

valley knew Aunt Marta was coming home from

California—and that the house wasn't yet quite ready

for her.

Harry, her younger son, had been remodeling it himself. All last summer after long hours in the

fields, and all this winter in his spare time he had built, torn out, and refitted with infinite patience;

modernizing, remodeling, and planning a spacious new living room and bedroom for Aunt Marta, building his heart into the house, bit by bit.

It was the same house his mother had come to as a bride when this century was still in its teens. From

it her young husband had gone off to World War I, and she had kept light and faith burning there until he marched home again. Three times its rooms had

awakened to the cries of newborn babies, and bravely, achingly, they had once held their peace when the master of the house lay at home for the last time.

With all of us, they had witnessed the solemn promise of a curlymopped small Harry: "I'll take care of you

now, Mother,"as his sixyear-old hand slid confidently into hers. ( Continued on page 42

I looked again at the report cards and then at the members of the family. Dinner was over. The children who had homework to do were supposed to be

intent on book and paper.

ButTed, our high school junior, whose rating in mathematics was as low as it could be without failing, was reading the sports section of the evening paper.

Connie, a freshman, instead of working on her theme for English, was on the telephone talking to her chum, whom she had seen just two hours before.

Jimmy, who was in junior high, was sprawled in front of the TV, with his younger brother. They

were living in the days of stagecoach holdups and sixgun shooting.

Jessica, Jimmy's twin sister, was reading the comics.

Not one of the children was at his homework. In the

morning, there would be wails of distress, because of studying not finished, and themes not written.

Some months ago, I had worked hard to establish a study corner in the living room. (At present, Ted

was using the corner for a reading room. ) It was evidently not enough. There was too much distraction.

There had to be more drastic steps taken.

I watched quietly the rest of the evening. Ted did

not open his math book at all, but he did manage to spend a little time on a science outline. Connie, after

a half hour on her English theme decided that she needed to check some references (of course, they were not in any of the reference books we had), so the theme would have to wait until she could go to the library. Bedtime found the three younger children The with no homework done.

I was determined not to be a "nagger."They must

accept homework as a part of the routine of going to school. Library The next morning, I went to work. If a study corner

would not do the trick, I would try a library room.

There was a small room just off the living room. It

was half den, half emergency guest room, and occaRoom sionally, filled the part of a sewing room, when I became a "doit-yourself"enthusiast.

The small cot I left in it. The room was a quiet

by Florence J. Johnson one for retirement, for {Continued on page 41)

24 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Soft Discipline and Hard Knocks

The third of a series of articles taken from a forthcoming book, Marriage, Fact and Fantasy, by Elder Hugh H. Broten, reproduced by

the Era through special arrangements with the publisher.

by Elder Hugh B. Brown

of the Council of the Twelve

"Children, obey your parents in the Lord: for this Dr. Adler, in Britannica Great Books says: "While

is right."(Ephesians 6:1.) there may be disagreements regarding the relation

Some men are jealous of their prerogatives as the between husband and wife, there is none regarding head of the house, insisting that as such they have the inequality between parents and children during the exclusive right to discipline the children—and the offspring's immaturity. Because children are truly

sometimes the wife. inferior in competence, there would seem to be no

The scriptures in all ages join husband and wife injustice in their being ruled by their parents, or in together without distinction in requiring the obedience the rule being absolute in the sense that children of the children. The Decalogue enjoined: "Honour are precluded from exercising a decisive voice in the

thy father and thy mother."(Exodus 20:12.) conduct of their own or their family's affairs."

We sometimes read of "Paternal authority."In most Children must be taught from the beginning that

cases it should be "Parental authority"for it is more there are certain rules governing the relationship of justly exercised and respected when both parents share parent and child, upon the observance of which will its responsibility. In other words, both parents are depend not only the welfare of the new member of

charged with the joint responsibility of discipline in the family, but also the success of the joint undertakthe home. ing to establish a home. Here, as in all of God's vast

While the children are young and lack judgment creations, obedience to law is fundamental and preand understanding, they should not be allowed to requisite to achieving the joy, attaining the goals, and follow their own wills or make their own decisions. receiving the rewards of immortality and eternal life.

Because of the greater understanding and experience Oversolicitude, babying, pampering, and attemptof the parents, the children must be taught and reing to shield children from all fear, frustration, and quired to respect and obey the will of the parents. disapproval, often result in serious teenage and later

There is a continuing obligation for children to marital problems. The parentchild relationship should

honor their parents, for parents are instruments in be studied constantly and faced with good oldGod's great design for continuing the race, and they fashioned "horse sense,"else a child's growth may be have an obligation to nourish, preserve, and train their warped, his emotional life distorted, and he himself offspring. So the children have a perpetual obligation finally become either an unmanageable roughneck or

to honor their parents. a sickly misfit. The child, boy or girl, who is babied

JANUARY 1960 25 and pampered through his childhood and adolescent "spoiled brat"who had to learn obedience the hard years, will expect the same treatment from his mate way. He was an only son and had been babied and

when he marries; if he doesn't get it, he'll go pampered from infancy until his chief characteristics

whimpering back to his parents; and, unless they have were wilfulness, selfishness, and disobedience. He

the kind of love that is compounded of fortitude, became problem number one in school, his days of courage, and good sense, may break up the marriage. truancy exceeded his attendance. The teacher did not

Someone recently said: "A modern home is a place enforce obedience because she had been told by his

where everything is controlled by switches—except parents that he was a nervous lad who needed gentle

the children."handling. After his second visit to the principal's office

There came to a regiment in the world war a for insubordination he was expelled. In Sunday School

26 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA We sometimes read of "Paternal authority. "In most cases

it should be "Parental authority.

he caused the resignation of several teachers and was had not learned to obey orders implicitly, I would finally asked by the bishop to stay away. Failing to have left my post while under fire and would have

qualify for high school, he joined the army. been shot as a deserter."

During the first week in the army he tried to repeat In a recent editorial in the Deseret News, the followsome of his home, school, and Sunday School antics, ing was quoted:

and upon receiving his first direct order from the "From a Texas Police department leaflet—Twelve

sergeant, a tough veteran of former wars, his reply Rules for Raising Delinquent Children. How well do

was, "You go to!"This, of course, made the they apply?

old sergeant see red. He placed him under arrest and "1. Begin with infancy to give the child everything

took him to the commanding officer under guard in he wants. In this way he will grow up to believe the

spite of vociferous protests. He was told he had the world owes him a living.

right to elect between a court martial and a summary "2. When he picks up bad words, laugh at him.

trial. He told the commanding officer to do whatThis will make him think he's cute. It will also enever he pleased as he was going to quit the courage him to pick up 'cuter'phrases that will blow

army anyway. off the top of your head later.

The patient officer advised him that one does not "3. Never give him any spiritual training. Wait 'till

quit the army like he might quit school. He was in he is 21 and then let him 'decide for himself.'

the army for at least three years, and there was a "4. Avoid use of the word 'wrong.'It may develop

war on. He was insolent and defiant and was sen- a guilt complex. This will condition him to believe,

tenced to thirty days of severe discipline. At the end later, when he is arrested for stealing a car, that

of the first week of punishment the prisoner asked society is against him and he is being persecuted.

the sergeant to take him to the CO. again. The "5. Pick up everything he leaves lying around—

sergeant informed him that prisoners'appointments books, shoes and clothing. Do everything for him so

with the commanding officer must be requested he will be experienced in throwing all responsibility twentyfour hours in advance, so he had another day onto others.

of "training."When he finally came before the officer, "6. Let him read any printed matter he can get

he stood at attention, saluted smartly, and said, "Sir, his hands on. Be careful that the silverware and

I'll obey every order given me while I am in this drinking glasses are sterilized but let his mind feast army."Feeling that the man had learned his lesson, on garbage.

the officer remitted the balance of the sentence and "7. Quarrel frequently in the presence of your

placed him on probation. The soft discipline of his children. In this way they will not be too shocked

parents resulted in some very hard knocks. when the home is broken up later.

Two years later this man was corporal of the guard "8. Give a child all the spending money he wants.

in France, near the front lines, and the officer, now a Never let him earn his own. Why should he have

colonel in another regiment, and member of the things as tough as YOU had them?

general's staff, was on a tour of inspection. The young "9. Satisfy his every craving for food, drink, and

corporal asked permission to speak to him and this comfort. See that every sensual desire is gratified.

is what he said, after saluting, "I want you to know, sir, Denial may lead to harmful frustration.

that the lesson in obedience which I learned from you "10. Take his part against neighbors, teachers, and

when I joined the army saved my life recently. If I policemen. They are (Continued on page 48)

JANUARY 1960 27 Tabernacle Choir Conductor Richard P. Condie (left), Richard L. Evans,

and Organist Alexander Schreiner check the splitsecond timing essentialThe Ultimate Objective for a nationwide radio broadcast.

Each year on a day so designated, we recall the But for answer we would have to go back before birth and accomplishment of Christopher Columbus, this beginning, with God's great plan and purpose:

a man no doubt inspired of God to do what he did, the gospel, we have come to call it, which we heard against all ignorance, against all odds and obstacles. in the heavens before time began, where we were

He is a symbol, one among many, of the difficulties with our Father, the Father of our spirits, and where men can endure if they have sufficient faith in an we agreed to enter mortality to prove ourselves and ultimate objective. learn the lessons of life, and where we were assured

The heroes of history, and the lives of those less our Father would send his own beloved Firstborn known, have proved they could endure working and Son to redeem us from death—that Son of whom Paul

waiting and great difficulty and discouragement, if said, "God... hath appointed heir of all things, by

there were some purpose, some hope, some reasonable whom also he made the worlds; Who being... the

assurance of the ultimate objective. express image of his person,... when he had by

The long hard journey is not too long if "home"is himself purged our sins, sat down on the right hand at the other end. But aimlessness would give men of the Majesty on high...."(Heb. 1:1-3.)

little reason for lengthening out the effort, without The whole intent of scripture is one of establishing some assurance, without some real and solid inour relationship with God, our Father, and with his centive. Son, our Savior, and with the eternal plans and purRemembered are the words of Robert Browning: poses for each and all of us, and our relationships to

life—and to one another also.

"Ah, but a man's reach should exceed his grasp, And what are these plans and purposes? What

Or what's a heaven for?"would a loving Father want for his children? What

would any father want for his children? Peace and

But his reach should know that he is reaching for health and happiness; learning and progress and imsomething real—or his reach will weary of the reaching. provement; and everlasting life, and everlasting

Everything has to have a reason, a purpose, an association with those we love. What less could

ultimate answer. And for such answers men have heaven be? What less would a Father plan or propose,

searched and sought: Why do we live? What are the for those he loves, for those whom he made "in his

purposes of life? Why did the Creator create? Why, own image"? (Gen. 1:27.) He has declared his work

indeed, were worlds brought into being? and his glory "to bring to pass the immortality and

For answer we would have to go back to the basic, eternal life of man."(Pearl of Great Price, Moses

literal facts of our relationship to God, who gave us 1:39.) This is the ultimate objective. This is the

the opportunity of life, and who is in fact the Father whole purpose of the gospel he has given.

of us all. This makes life meaningful, everlastingly so. This

"In the beginning,"we read in sacred writ, "God is the assurance that gives incentive—that gives faith

created the heaven and the earth...."(Gen. 1:1.) in the face of all searching uncertainty. This makes

An address delivered on the CBS Radio ''Church of the Air"by

28 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

life worth all the anguish, all the effort, as we make our way through the world—learning that life is for

learning, that our Father sent us here for a period of proving, not to lose our way, but with a light within us to lead us, if we will be led, to our highest possibilities, with freedom and faith and a few simple rulesTHE AIR to keep, which we call commandments.

Richard L. Evans of the Council of the Twelve And as to keeping these commandments, we have

our choice—our free agency, as it has come to be called.

How could it be otherwise? ( Continued on page 38)

JANUARY I960 29 by W. Cleon Skousen When the experts point out an ideal mother it may

Chief of Police leave some people surprised. Here are several things

Salt Lake City she is not: She is not a radiant being of unearthly

sweetness who sweeps blissfully through each crisis and tribulation as though it were the winning ticket on the Irish sweepstakes. She is not a model of

austere puritanical perfection with finishing school manners. Nor has she the majestic composure equal

to any and all situations. She is not even the pillar What Is

of nostalgic piety portrayed on her children's lovely, lacy Mother's Day card.

Experienced mothers know that little boys would drive such a woman mad! No, the ideal mother is aan Ideal Mother?

barometer of life for little boys. She is someone they

can watch reacting to life, sometimes portending

Part I stormy weather, sometimes fair. From her they learn

there is a time for joy and a time for sorrow, a time to work and a time to play. They also learn what

is right and what is wrong and the blessings or penalties that go with each.

The ideal mother is very much of the earth—earthy,

a being who is struggling, toward heaven and drawing her children with her. The ideal mother is a housekeeper, washwoman, cook, seamstress, bookkeeper,

purchasing agent, home decorator, teacher, preacher, policeman, child psychologist, disciplinarian, nurse, gardener, hostess, conversationalist, storyteller, good

Housekeeper, washwoman, cook, seamstress, bookkeeper, purchasing agent, home decorator, teacher, preacher, child psychologist, nurse,

30 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA listener, PTA officer, church worker, barber, sliverShe looketh well to the ways of her household, and pullerouter, diaper changer, and superintendent of eateth not of the bread of idleness.

the Saturday night baths. In addition to all of this Her children arise up, and call her blessed; her husshe is the sweetheart and wife of her husband, the band also, and he praiseth her.

constantly available source of sympathy and affection Many daughters have done virtuously, but thou exfor her children, and a friend indeed to her neighbors cellest them all."(See Proverbs 31:1029.)

in need.

No doubt the Bible was portraying just such a The Imperfectionist woman when the mother of King Lemuel declared: The ideal mother is not a perfectionist. In other

words, she knows that in a good home for children "Who can find a virtuous woman? for her price is far there has to be a healthy margin of tolerance which

above rubies. may leave much to be desired as far as adults are

The heart of her husband doth safely trust in her..., concerned. This means a reasonable amount of

She will do him good and not evil all the days of her tolerance for clutter, noise, and deterioration of furnilife. ture. It is the expectation that walls will sometimes

She seeketh wool, and flax, and worketh willingly with become a garish gallery of surrealistic crayon art, her hands.... that the household must occasionally give way to the

She riseth also while it is yet night, and giveth meat adoption of a pet. (And a brand new puppy is almost

to her household..., as much trouble as an additional child!) It means

She considereth a field, and buyeth it: with the fruit that family books will be pored over, pictures scrutiof her hands she planteth a vineyard.... nized, pages occasionally wrinkled or torn, backs

She stretcheth out her hand to the poor; yea, she accidentally bent. It means that every so often there

reacheth forth her hands to the needy.... will be a broken mirror, spilled milk on a fresh tableShe maketh herself coverings of tapestry; her clothing cloth, a honeypeanut butter openfaced sandwich

is silk and purple.... plopped on the front room rug.

She openeth her mouth with wisdom; and in her The ideal mother is a deliberate imperfectionist in

tongue is the law of kindness. other ways, too. She (Continued on page 39)

disciplinarian, gardener, storyteller, PTA officer, church worker, barber, friend to her neighbors, sweetheart and wife to her husband.

JANUARY I960 31 ** * i

The Improvement Era announces four contest areas and invites all youth of the Church to participate

ERA YOUTH SECTION CONTEST

I. CONTEST SUBJECTS II. RULES

(or legibly written white Entries in ink) on typewritten be must choosing, subjects within the age group of the author's own On size doublespaced, on one x 11), regulation type paper (8V2 headings that follow: the general under

of only. side paper

Age group 12 to 14 The friends I choose Entries must not exceed 500 words in length.

Some suggested topics: Entries must be designated by a pen name and must be accompanied with a sealed envelope, inside of which appears the

The Right Circles Friends and the Church pen name; the author's actual name, address, telephone numBirds of a Feather Friends with Ideals ber; title of the entry, and age of the contestant.

It's Smart to Take Part Friends and a Future Mission

When I Grow Up The envelope must include the pen name and the title of the entry. Inside the envelope also must bear this notation:

This work is original and should carry the author's name.

Age Group 1517 The Church in my life (Original means that this is the work of the writer, not something copied from a book or planned and written by

Some suggested topics: parents, teachers, or friends.)

When in Doubt Why the Church?

Is This Exploring A Faithpromoting Experilit. CONTEST PROCEDURE ence Fair Play and Good

The Clean Life and a Mission Will

A. On a ward level I Want to Be a Mormon

Missionary A committee to be organized by not later than February 1, 1960, composed of three persons:

Age group 18 to 25 (unmarried): It's a date The MIA superintendent and president, and if possible, the

Some suggested topics: memberfied personnelof the bishopricappointedin chargeunder oftheMIA—ordirectionotherofqualithe

the of suggestions bishopric the with MIA superintendent ahead slow—mission Like Girls Go Wellgroomed will encourage, promote, president. committee The and dating Steady Guys of entries people from the ward the young obtain and

is to Dance a Time There Green Dream Gold and My contests. in the various

etc.) (or Sing, Girl

Make Mine a Mission This committee to select the two best entries in each

All Work and No Play category and forward them to the stake committee to be in the hands of the stake YMM1A superintendent by not later than midnight, Friday, March 25, 1960.

Shortshort story 29 and under (married or unmarried)

stinger story should have a A shortshort the unexpectednessin the final ofparathe B. OnA committeea stake levelto be organized by not later than January 15, have It should of the tale. graph

anecdote, but develop more interest in plot and characters. 1960, composed of three persons:

32 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

>.**'..."".. Announcing

. a new twelvepage section for the youth of the Church commencing

with the July 1960 Improvement Era. Each issue will be full of

stirring articles on LDS teens in the news, hobbies, sports, fashions, professions, dating..., stories, both factual and fictional

! 1 L l\ I U l\ U I 'Because this new section is primarily for young

people, we invite young folk to make contributions. Month by month

we plan to feature special writings by youth. Contributions must reach

the Era office at least three months prior to publication date. We solicit

monthly material from youth and from those who know youth. We need

articles of various kinds; shortshort stories, poetry; hobbies, games; sports.

B. 15 to 17 year agegroup

First Prize—$100 savings account at bank of choice for

future college or mission fund and a threeyear subscripThe stake MIA superintendent and president, and if tion to the Era.

high assigned councilman with a to work Prize—$50 the Second savings account and a twoyear subother stake personnel qualifed appointed by the MIA—orpossible, scription to the Era.

the suggestions presidency superintendent of with the MIA will president. The wards committee encourage and to Third Prize—$25 savings account and a oneyear subscription

to their organized get working committees have and Era. to the

in contest the participation the part their of on good young people. Five Honorable Mention Prizes—$10 cash and a oneyear

This committee will select the two best entries in each subscription to the Era.

category (or the single best entry) and forward them toPROVEMENTthe ERA YOUTHERA, 50 CONTESTNorth MainCOMMITTEE,Street, Salt c/oLake THECity IM11, C. 18 years of age or over (unmarried)

Utah, postmarked not later than midnight, Friday, April 8, 1960. First Prize—One year's tuition to B.Y.U., or its equivalent

\ yearin cashsubscriptionfor an educationalto the Era.or mission fund, and a three-

C. On a general level

its tuition Prize—Twoquarters'to B.Y.U., or Second equivaThe committee judging to determine the winners to be lent in the to subscription Era. cash and a twoyear

the direction of Superintendent under Joseph appointed

T. President Bertha Bentley and

acting the as executive L. Green chairmanS. Reeder,andwithMarbaDoyleC. Thirdin cash,Prize—andOnequarter'sa oneyeartuitionsubscriptionto B.Y.U.,to theor itsEra.equivalent

vice chairman. as Josephson

Five Honorable Mention Prizes—$10 cash and a oneyear

Judging and decisions on winners of the awards to be subscription to the Era.

completed by June 1, 1960.

will AllChurch winners be announced at the Friday D. Shortshort story conference. afternoon session of June

First Prize—$100 cash and a threeyear subscription to the

Era.

IV. Awards Second Prize—$50 cash and a twoyear subscription to the

A. 12 to 14 year agegroup Era.

First at of choice account savings bank Prize—$100 for ThirdEra. Prize—$25 cash and a oneyear subscription to the future subscripthree-year college or a mission fund and

tion to the Era. Five Honorable Mention Prizes—$10 cash and a oneyear

Second Prize—$50 savings account and a twoyear subscripsubscription to the Era.

tion to the Era.

Third Prize—$25 savings account, and a oneyear subAll decisions of the judges are final. (See III. Contest Proscription to the Era. cedure.)

Five Honorable Mention Prizes—$10 cash and a oneyear All general entries not winning prizes will be considered for

subscription to the Era. publication in the youth section of The Improvement Era.

JANUARY 1960 33 As Mormon pioneers trudged across the wilderness, and as time and again they faced almost certain defeat, men and women were rejuvenated with the magic of music. They knew and appreciated the value

of song and dance. Today, we who have succeeded

them also enjoy musical expression. Our Sacrament

meetings, conferences, and other gatherings are filledin with music. Hearts are continually turned to reverence by the earnest rendition of sacred strains.

Because music has proved itself to be such a powerful force, teachers of the gospel have inquired repeatedly about its use in their classrooms. Many

have found it an almost indispensable contribution.

But others have failed in their application of music to the classroom situation because of inappropriate usage or because they have felt reluctant to experiment. Often the question has been phrased: "How

can 7 use music in my class? I don't know how to sing,

lead, or play the piano. Of what use can music be

to me?"The answer to such inquiry is never easy, of music for classroom use. Because of this, many

for the use of music in the art of teaching is as variable teachers will automatically shy away from hymns, beas that of any other teaching aid. Like movies, slides, lieving they are too simple or too repetitious and,

recorded talks, pictures, music is not used with every therefore, not suitable to hold the interest of the lesson but from time to time as the situation warrants. class. But no teaching aid should be judged as much

Traditionally, the opening exercises in the auxiliaries'by the nature of the aid as by the intelligent use of meetings have their hymns, prelude and special music, it. Those who have not taken the time to pursue the

but this practice does not demand the regularity of content of our hymnbook thoughtfully and with an such exercises in the classroom situation. eye to helps in teaching that it might provide, should

Few things so invigorate a class of any age group do so. This effort will make the teacher aware of the

as the rendition of a special number by one of their quantity and quality of doctrine taught in the music own group or, if that is not possible, by a guest. At of the Church. The music of the Church is rich in

times this experience is good for religious enjoyment doctrinal message. Amazingly enough, some of the

alone, without a conscious effort being made to tie best examples of music suitable for the classroom are the music to the lesson study. But at other times found in the not too familiar hymns. Where this is

these performances may be used as a "springboard"true, a solo, duet, trio, or quartet composed of class into a lesson situation or as a conclusion to a study members may learn the music in advance and present just completed. As a help in selecting music appliit as a special number.

cable to the lesson, the hymnbook contains an arThe extent of the teachers'musical background rangement of songs by subject matter. matters little in most cases. Instructors who have

One example of this use of music: A New Testament inadequate background can always rely on those with

class is about to open a study of the Sermon on the more experience for pointers in organizing their musiMount, and the instructor invites a soloist to sing the cal program. Those who are consulted will usually

"Lord's Prayer."Following the solo the discussion be pleased with the honor extended them, so a teacher

can determine where the text is to be found in the should not hesitate to seek such assistance. The

Bible, thus opening the way for a consideration of teacher may also find help from a student. Within

the sermon. Or, if the lesson concerns prayer, all the each class, among the older groups particularly, there

aspects of humility, sincerity, love, supplication, adorais usually someone who plays the piano or other intion, which are desirable in any prayer, can be strument sufficiently well to aid in preparing music illustrated in a song. Then the obvious carryover for the classroom. The good times shared in rehearsal

into the individual's own prayers may be indicated. are often more rewarding than the actual rendition

Such evaluation or critique on a special number in class. However, the performance should give genumight be rather short or extensive, according to the ine satisfaction. When an instructor uses music in

desire of the instructor. It is always wise to inform the classroom, he should make every effort to assure

the performer what he may expect in the class disthat all attempts yield the best possible performance cussion following his number. Then he will be premusically, but at the same time he should remember

pared for what might follow and might be able to that the primary objective is not artistry but the make his offering even more significant. Often, too, application of the music to the needs of the class.

the guest can aid greatly in the discussion if he knows Directing group singing is not the problem people in advance what turn it may take. usually expect. Most music your group would be

The absence of a piano in a classroom should not using falls easily into one of two categories—that which

deter the use of special numbers or the singing of can be beat in groups of two or that which can be hymns. At the time of a particular lesson it is often beat in groups of three. An example of the latter

possible to arrange a temporary switch of the class is "The Lord Is My Shepherd."It may be led in

to a room with a piano, or to arrange consolidation typical % time or, three beats to a measure. This

with another class in such a room. If this is not posthree-beat pattern works well for the beginning disible, the music chosen can often be sung without rector whether the music actually says 3, 6, or 9 beats

accompaniment with satisfying results. The modifito a measure, so long as the rhythm is felt in groups

cation needs to be tried in order to be appreciated, of three. If the musical pattern falls into groups of

but it can be, and has been done, with great success. two or four, a simple 2/4 or 4/4 beat is good to use.

Hymn singing in the class presents no problem be- "Onward Christian Soldiers"is a good example of cause this is often done without musical background. this, and can be led with a beat of either the 2/4 or

The hymn is perhaps more pliable than other types 4/4 time. A leader can (Continued on page 61)

Conducted by the Unified Church School System

JANUARY I960 35

Howard William Hunter it. Save your money until you can mentous decision. He would go back

pay cash."to school and get his degree. He

( Continued from page 21 On the way back to California, had now decided to make law his

Howard and Clara May talked much profession. He couldn't give up his

so he applied for a position with about the advice that had been given job and still feed his family, so he the Bank of America. As one of his them, and they decided that they decided to go to school nights, work

references, Howard gave the name would follow it to the letter. Howard at his regular job in the daytime,

of his stake president in Boise, had paid cash for their new car. To and study in between. SouthwestHeber Q. Hale. The representative begin their home they bought a litern University, in Los Angeles, was

of the bank called President Hale by tle furniture and a few necessities, the school of his choice.

telephone and asked if he could all of which they could pay for. It was a grueling period, the years

recommend Howard Hunter. PresiJust nine months later, in the midst from 1934 to 1939, but Howard foldent Hale responded that young of the depression, Howard lost his lowed his exacting schedule, sumHoward Hunter was an elder in the job and the young couple lost their mer and winter, without a break. It

Latterday Saint Church, that he savings. But because they had folwas a busy time for Clara May, too.

had a spotless character, and that he lowed the advice given them, they During these years their three sons could give him the best recommendawere not in debt. And except for were born: Howard William, Jr.,

tion of any young man he knew. their first home, they have never who died in infancy, John J., and

Howard got the job. His first asgone into debt for anything. Before Richard A.

signment was in the clearing house, they would buy any item of furniMany times the temptation to then he became a bookkeeper, and ture, clothing, or food, an automoquit school must have presented itthen a teller. bile, or any other necessity or luxury, self, but the determination on the

Later, Howard accepted a posithey saved their money until they part of both Howard and Clara May tion as a junior officer with the First had enough to pay cash. won out, and he received a bachelor

Exchange State Bank in Inglewood. of laws degree, cum laude, in 1939.

This chain of banks, however, did His average was just twotenths of not survive the depression, and a point below the highest grade in

Howard found work for a brief the graduating class. His scholarperiod with the California state ship record is all the more remarkbanking department. able when we remember that all of

But other things than work were his classes were taken at night while occupying his attention. Soon after he was working days. After another

he arrived in California, he had gone several months of intensive preparawith a friend to an M MenGleaner tion he passed his state bar examinadance in Huntington Park. 'There tion in the fall of 1939.

he met a young girl named Clara After passing his bar examination,

May Jeffs. Clara May had moved Howard started practising law part

from Salt Lake City to Los Angeles time while continuing to do some with her family in 1924. work for the Los Angeles Flood

It was in 1931 that this young Control District. As the months

couple decided to get married, and passed his clientele grew, and he even though Salt Lake City was a became increasingly successful.

long way away and their proposed His practice has been limited to method of transportation was Howcivil matters, principally in the ard's model T Ford, still they were fields of probate and business law.

so determined to start their married He has become legal counsel to a life according to God's plan that number of corporations and at the they saved their money for a June time of his call to the Council of the wedding in the Salt Lake Temple. DorothyElder HunterHunter'sRasmussen,sister. Twelve was a director of the BeneOn the day they were to leave Howficial Life Insurance Company, the

ard surprised his brideto-be by Watson Land Company (a land driving up to her house in a new investment corporation), Task CorChevrolet. They didn't have everything they poration (maker of electronic comThe ceremony in the temple was wanted. They went without a reponents), and other industrial

performed by one of the General frigerator until after their third corporations.

Authorities who gave the young child was born. For years Clara During 1940 and 1941 Howard's

couple some advice which, along May washed the sheets, the shirtsprimary Church assignment was with the principles of the gospel, all the clothes—by hand, scrubbing conducting the fourth year departhas guided their lives. them out on a scrubbing board. But ment of the junior genealogical

"Stay out of debt,"he told them. they didn't go into debt. group in his ward. Of the sixteen

"Live within your means. Do not In 1934 Howard, now twentysix young people Howard had under his

spend more than you make. Don't years of age, was working for the charge, every one of them, as far

hesitate to walk or ride the streetLos Angeles Flood Control District. as can be determined, was married

car if you can't afford a car. Don't Their first child was on its way. in the temple.

buy anything unless you can pay for Howard and Clara May made a moWhen the El Sereno Ward of the

36 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Pasadena Stake was organized in been to be a good wife, to be a good great dignity which he carries, not

September 1941, Howard Hunter homemaker, and to be a really good only at home but also in Church or was called to serve as its first bishop. mother. I have always thought that wherever he may be. The dignity

The ward was small, only 265 if I could do this I would fulfil my with which he presides over our members, so young Bishop Hunter mission here on earth. We have stake, I think, is especially outstandhad a chance to learn from the grass worked hard to keep our boys close ing.

roots the problems involved in to the Church; the boys and I have # # # # #

setting up and carrying on a ward had wonderful times together. I've "President Hunter has great abilorganization. The ward members gone through their scouting with ity to teach. He is able to convey to

did a lot of pioneering and missionthem, because, well, Daddy just others the things that he knows so ary work with the young bishop, who didn't have the time."well. I'm sure that in our stake the

was only thirtytwo years of age, diThe success of the home life of bishops and the auxiliary heads have recting the activities in a kindly yet the Hunters is amply evidenced in been better trained than they are efficient manner. The Masonic the love that exists between Clara in many areas. President Hunter

Temple in Sereno was leased two May and Howard, and the outstandis a great teacher.'# #days a week. Regular services were ing success their boys are making of

held on Sunday, and Primary, Relief their lives. Both are Eagle Scouts. "I think one of the outstanding

Society, and MIA on Tuesday. BeJohn recently filled a mission to things about President Hunter is

fore long the ward stood well up South Australia where he served as his knowledge of the order of the in the activities in the stake, leading a counselor in the mission presiChurch and how things should be many of the other wards percentagedency. Their youngest son, Richard, done properly. I've been acquainted

wise in some activities. As the ward is now serving in the same mission. with many stake presidents, but I

grew, a building fund was comJohn, who is now going to school at don't know of any other who knows menced, and when Bishop Hunter Brigham Young University and the order of the Church, the order of was released in 1947 a site had been planning on a law career, is married the priesthood, and how things purchased for a chapel. to Louine Berry Hunter. They have should be done in wards and stakes

After his release as bishop he beone child, Robert Mark. better than President# # # Hunter."#

came president of the high priests Brother and Sister Hunter took quorum in the Pasadena Stake. In time in their busy lives in the sum- "President Hunter is one with the

1948 he was appointed to the high mer of 1958 to do some traveling, people. He leads them without becouncil of the stake, and served in but even this was tied in closely ing dictatorial or militant. He does

that position until February 1950 with Church activity. The trip was his greatest teaching by listening to

when he was called to be stake presiin the form of a world tour, accomsomeone outline his course of prodent. Two years later an additional panying their son, Richard, to Auscedure and then, if he feels it is

duty was added—that as chairman of tralia where John, who had just been wrong, he proceeds to tell a story or

the regional council of Southern released, joined them. They made an illustration or something that

California welfare region. When the a special point of visiting the Hapoints out the error or the fallacy of

region was divided in 1956, he waiian, New Zealand, and Swiss a particular course of action. The

became chairman of the Los Angeles Temples, and they attended the individual then concludes on his region. dedication of the London Temple. own that he was wrong. Never

Soon after he became stake presiThey have visited all of the temples have I heard President Hunter say dent plans were started for a stake of the Church. to a bishop, 'No, you shouldn't do it

center. The building was completed The worth of a man can well be that way, you should do it this way.'

on a seven and onehalf acre site and determined by the impact he has He always illustrates his point and dedicated in June 1954 at a cost of made on the lives of others. Let us lets the other person draw his own

is a great teacher."nearly half a million dollars. Presiread what some close associates conclusion. # He* # # dent Hunter also played a prominent have to say about Howard Hunter.

part, along with the other presidents "Of all of his wonderful qualities, "The thing that I marvel about in of stakes in southern California, in the thing I believe I would put first connection with President Hunter helping to raise $1,750,000 which when thinking of President Howard is his ability to say just the right was applied toward the building of Hunter is his devotion to the Church. thing at the right time. No matter

the Los Angeles Temple. He was In all my experience I have never when he is called on to speak, what

also a member of the committee that known any man or woman who is he says is most appropriate to the organized the visits to the temple as willing to give everything he had occasion. He always comes forth

prior to dedication. to the Church as is Brother Hunter. with just exactly the right words."

Through the years his faithful and If the Church wants him to do some- # # * # # devoted wife and companion, Clara thing or if anyone is in need of his "I have never known a man in

May, has quietly carried on her attention, this comes first. The only an important Church position who

duties in the home. Of her he says, way we could ever get him to go to has been so universally loved."

"She has been a good mother, a good any entertainment was to have a # bishop's wife, a good stake presiChurch meeting first and then go "The thing that impresses me is dent's wife."Could any higher from there."that President Hunter is so orderly

tribute be paid a woman? # # # # # in everything that he does. He has

"My desire and my greatest ambi- "I've always been impressed with a great mind and is able to see tion,"Sister Hunter responds, "has President Hunter because of the through any situation with clarity

JANUARY I960 37

and orderliness that is most impreshe has carried on in our stake. Since keeping them, rise through them to

sive."the Authorities General suggested the fulness of freedom under God.

# * # * # this be has stressed done, he dius means to be free. With it and God

"I like President Hunter's warm you can certainly tell it in the order vine daring, he gave us the power manner and his great sense of that now prevails in all of our meetof choice."(Excerpts from the Comhumor."ings."mencement Address at Brigham

# * # # # Young University, May 31, 1957.)

"Everything Howard Hunter does In our own day and dispensation, he seems to do with a heart full of And so Howard William Hunter the Lord has restated the law of understanding, of love, and devoof Arcadia, Los Angeles County, cause and effect, with these words:

tion."California, the becomes 74th law, irrevocably "There is a decreed memof the # # # # ber of the Council in of before the foundations Twelve heaven

"I especially like President HuntApostles chosen and sustained by the this world upon which all blessings er's hearty and contagious laugh. Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday are predicated—And when we obtain

He is a great man to have behind Saints in this dispensation. His is any blessing from God, it is by obediyou on the stand when you tell a an uncommon story. He is an unence to that law upon which it is

funny story."travels throughhe man. As common predicated."(D&C 130:2021.) * * # #

in service the out the Church of the are not oldThe commandments "Most impressive to me is PresiMaster, the Saints will love and refashioned, outdated, or merely mandent Hunter's love and respect for spect him as a man who loves God, made. They apply to our own as to

the leaders of the Church. Whatever who places his duty to Church above other ages. And whenever we do

they say he accepts without hesitaall else, and who has been found anything basically against them, we tion or reservation. An example of worthy to be a special witness for pay a price—not because someone

this is the reverence program that Christ. has said so, but because we are what

we are, and because we are irrevocably affected by the very laws of

The Ultimate Objective way that God's inspired prophets life. No matter what someone says,

and lawgivers looked upon the law. and no matter who would set them

( Continued from page 29 Law has a twofold purpose. It is aside, there are still heartaches and

meant to govern. It is also meant heartbreaks and inescapable conseHow could we grow without it? Who to educate.... quences for those who lie and cheat

can learn to make decisions if some- "God does not contradict himself. and bear false witness; for those

one else always does the deciding? He did not create man and then, as who are immoral and unfaithful to

As we have to learn to let our chilan afterthought, impose upon him a loved ones; for those who abuse

dren learn much for themselves set of arbitrary, irritating, restrictive themselves physically, who indulge (after we have given them all the rules. He made man free—and then appetites, who acquire harmful

counsel we reasonably can), so our gave him the commandments to habits; for those who set aside sure

Father in heaven has sent us here keep him free. and safe standards, who are coarse

with freedom to decide for ourselves. "We cannot break the Ten Comin conduct, and run contrary to the

And to help us to decide, he has mandments. We can only break commandments, to the basic laws

given us standards, advice, laws, ourselves against them—or else, by of life.

rules. And they are not arbitrary,

unrealistic rules, but are simply counsel from a loving Father, who knows us, who knows our nature.

It is not his purpose that his chilTHE MASTER ART dren should be unhappy. No father

intends his children to have unby Mirla Greenwood Thayne for thishappy. has reason he And

given us commandments for our health and happiness, and peace and Give me this gift—an understanding heart,

progress and quiet conscience. That I may comfort souls along my way.

In a remarkable commencement On wings of mercy, let my words convey address, some months before he left Tidings that heal and bless when teardrops start.

this life, Mr. Cecil B. DeMille made May this gift be, of me, so much a part

this moving observation concerning That eloquence will brighten every day.

freedom, and the purpose of life, (The innerknowing of just what to say and the keeping of the commandAnd when to say it is a master art.)

ments: In all my strivings let my heart discern

"We are too inclined to think of Moments when silence is the greater need, law as something merely restrictive,"When just to listen, while a soul is freed he said, "something hemming us in. Of pentup yearnings, fosters hope's return.

We sometimes think of law as the opposite of liberty. But that is a Words can fill best their embassy of peace

false conception. That is not the After the burdened heart has found release.

38 THE IMPROVEMENT ERAv

To find peace—the peace within, Divine and only Begotten Son, did exaltation for those who will work at

the peace that passeth understandredeem us from death, and even now it and win it; of justice, of compening—men must live in honesty, is our advocate with the Father, and sation, of the ultimate defeat of evil;

honoring each other, honoring oblisits by his Father's side, and that the of peace and of progress and health gations, working willingly, loving fulness of the gospel is again on and happiness, of everlasting life and cherishing loved ones, serving earth with power and authority to with sweet reunion with loved ones.

and considering others, with paadminister in its saving and exalting And this day we would plead with tience, with virtue, with faith and ordinances. all men, the searching and the sorforbearance, with the assurance that There is this certainty of assurrowing, the sick, the discouraged,

life is for learning, for serving, for ance also: that he is willing to reveal those burdened with sin and unrepenting, and improving. And God his mind and will to us today, to quiet conscience; those who feel lost

be thanked for the blessed principle guide us, to hear and answer prayer, and lonely, and those who have lost of repenting and improving, which to open his arms to the prayerful those they love—to all we would

is a way that is open to us all. and repentant, even as he has done plead: take courage and faith and

There is a kingdom, and there is a in other days. assurance, according to the promKing. And there are requirements And against the tension and ises and purposes of him who is the

for citizenship in the kingdom—comtrouble of our time—against injusFather of us all, who is mindful of

mandments, laws, ordinances, and tice, threats, and force and fear; want us all.

obligations, and what is required of and worry; discouragement and By walking in his ways and keepus for peace in this world, and exaltadespondency; unfaithfulness and duing his commandments, God grant

tion in the world to come, is to plicity; and much of misunderstandthat all of us together may move on

follow him and keep his commanding, and much of inhumanity from to the glorious ultimate objective ments. man to man—against all this there is that is offered all of us—to the highWe would witness this day that the blessed assurance of the glorious est opportunities of everlasting life,

the Lord God lives, and that our ultimate objective: of salvation for with our loved ones with us, always,

Lord and Savior Jesus Christ, his all, as offered by our Savior, and of and forever, in Jesus'name. Amen.

What Is an Ideal Mother? somewhat different way. A girl if a boy is fortunate, other women

senses early in life that she is very will gradually come into his life. If

( Continued from page 31 much like her mother and will grow they are the right kind of women, up to be even more like her. A boy, he will discover in them some of the

has to be willing to express interest however, sees in his mother somesame wonderful qualities possessed and enthusiasm in childish thingsthing marvelous and mysterious, by his own mother. Deliberately, he

childish games, childish stories, something totally different from himmakes them "standins"for his mom.

childish parties. self. He looks upon her as that But, for substantial periods of time,

She learns to cope with crisesvitally necessary supplement to life he will favor one over all the rest.

nails in bare feet, huge splinters in which seems to make up for all of It may be an aunt, a Sunday School palms or seaters, bleeding fingers, his own deficiencies. She therefore teacher, a day schoolteacher, a kindswallowed marbles, bumped cranibecomes his pillar of inspiration and ly neighbor woman, or a foster

ums, and beans in nostrils. light as well as his protector against mother. If this woman does not let

She adjusts her irritability quotient the storms of life. him down, she can almost fill the

to allow for a certain amount of A little boy often says to himself, gap of his missing mother. This

Indians and cowboys, squeals of "Nothing must ever happen to my indicates that little boys are made pleasure, fussing and bickering. She mother!"He worries about this a of pretty tough stuff and can de-

-also accepts as more or less normal lot. He cannot imagine how he velop a wholesome "mother"image

the painful wail of a screeching could possibly survive without her. if given half a chance.

violin in the hands of a learner, the This fear shows up in his dreams.

hesitant and repetitious plunking his that dreams mother of He is the Importance of Getting a scales,piano even the rattling and victim wild breathless and of some cymbal crashing of a drum practice adventures with many narrow esGood "Mother"Image in the basement. capes from disaster. If he actually Psychologists have found it exBy design the ideal mother is a loses her in one of his dreams, the tremely important that a boy get the

perfect imperfectionist. nocturnal adventure turns into a proper respect, affection, and underof his this mother because

develops heHoiv a Boy Looks at his Mother terrifyingwith the thoughtnightmare.of beingHe panicsalone. isstandingthe way an underWhen it comes to analyzing The fact that his father is still with standing of women in general. The

mothers, little boys have a special him is of lesser comfort. His pearl experts call this, "getting a good

point of view. of great price is his mom. mother image."They know that he

They know, for example, that Of course, some little boys lose will tend to take whatever image he mothers were made by God to be their mothers in real life—by death, gains of his mother and superimpose

loved, almost worshiped, by little divorce, or abandonment. For most it on all other women later in life.

boys. Of course, mothers are equalboys, losing a mother is accompanied Under normal circumstances she

ly loved by little girls, but in a by a period of abject sorrow. Then, becomes the model or standard by

JANUARY I960 39 which he will judge women. A little fellow up the path of wholelived in an orderly world, to be cermother is therefore representing her some childhood development. tain that his folks really care about

side of the human race and occupies If properly handled, a boy interhim and what he did.

a highly strategic position to make a prets discipline quite differently from A final word about love is the fact warm, pleasant, and satisfying imwhat an inexperienced mother might that a little fellow likes it to be pression on the mind of her son. think. When he teases her undemonstrative. He wants to feel his

Furthermore, a mother can capimercifully and deliberately violates mother's love. Every so often he

talize on the fact that a boy's love her wishes in spite of several warnwants her to pick him up, hold him makes him feel very much a part ings, he fully expects her to do somein her arms and give him one hunof her—both biologically and spiritthing about it, if she really loves him. dred percent of her time and attenually. He wants to be sure that she In fact, this is his way of testing her tion. This only requires a few

feels the same way. If a mother is love. As a little 4-yearold was minutes through the day, but they

playing her role well, she can use heard to remark, "I wish somebodv are precious minutes. The experts

this warm relationship, which is so around here could make me mind!"call this a time for TLC—tender,

precious to a boy, to keep him deThis meant he wanted the barriers loving care. Even in hospitals,

veloping in the right direction. firmed up, to assure him that he nurses are required to administer

What are some of the things which build an ideal "mother"image and make a boy feel that his mom is the greatest?

Love man, whosoever thou art From the moment a mother first Richard L. Evans

cuddles her baby boy in her arms the ingredients of love are being nourished. Love is a twoway street There is a longtold tale of Alexander the Great,

which requires assurances of affecwho paused, at the age of thirtytwo, at the tomb tion from both mother and son. THE of Cyrus the Great—Cyrus who had preceded

Within days after a baby is born, SPOKEN Alexander by some two centuries. Each in his own

he looks up at this wonderful creaWORD time had conquered virtually all he could see, and ture who cuddles and coos at him had acquired more than his understanding could encompass. And

and wrinkles his face into a dimpled Alexander, at the tomb of Cyrus, pondered this inscription: "O man,

grin to show his appreciation. Actualwhosoever thou art, and from whencesoever thou comest (for I

ly, his eyes cannot distinguish too know thou wilt come), I am Cyrus, the founder of the Persian em1much detail as yet, and a psychology pire; do not grudge me this little earth which covers my body."

lab researcher may say it is only a And it is said that Alexander, who died soon thereafter, was sobered gas pain, but a mother knows that by the shortness of the glory that once was. We would make no

her baby's smile came from his soul apology for enjoying and appreciating, and even in a measure purand was meant just for her. suing the material gifts of life: comforts and conveniences, good food,

Later this little fellow learns to a solid house and home; the beauty of the earth, the richness of its

hold out his arms to her, to nestle soil and its resources—all this that God has given. All this, if we

his head against her cheek, to pat read rightly, the Lord God intended his children to have and to her gently with his pudgy little enjoy, "with prudence and thanksgiving"—provided there is also

hand. It is the way a boy's love for balance and the good sense to pursue also truth and intelligence

his mom gets off to a wonderful and the mental and spiritual intangibles. The material part of

start. creation is surely an important part in the Creator's purpose. But

The next step in the cultivation of however much a man can hold in his hands, there seems to be no this relationship is to make love the limit to what he can hold in his heart—no limit to the satisfaction

foundation for teaching and disciof service; and no price that he can put on good character, a good

pline. A mother treads the narrow mind, broad understanding; the love of loved ones and the love

trail between exploiting her boy's of learning; appreciation for people; the beauty of a sunset or of

love on the one hand while not dethe autumn air; the peace and blessing of a quiet conscience; or

stroying it on the other. Her task the wonderful awareness of being alive, or the assurance of some

is made so much easier if she has everlasting certainties. The Lord God gave man dominion over

taken the time to learn a few fundaall the earth—and the quest for things seems proper and appromentals about child development; priate—good things—and the making of good things much more—

for example, the expectation that a so long as possessions are not permitted to possess him. But be-

2% yearold will obey as well as he yond all this—surpassing all this—is the assurance a man may have

will at 3V2 is to fly in the face of within his soul: the assurance that truth and intelligence, and he

nature. On the other hand, he will himself, and loved ones and the love of loved ones, extend beyond

not usually obey as well at 4Vz as he time into the endlessness of eternity.

did at 3V2. The ebb and flow pattern

of a child's development is the key "The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the to a mother's peace of mind as she Columbia Broadcasting System, October 25, 1959. Copyright 1959.

uses his love for her to nurture this Plutarch's Lives.

40 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA regular doses of TLC to younger room, I put in an oldfashioned dinIncidentally, the room was situchildren with the same regularity ing room table that had been too ated so that no one could take time as pills or medicine. This spreads good to discard when we had puroff and watch the TV in the living

a perfume of security in the mind chased the new dinette set. The old room, through the open door.

of a boy which bathes his hurts and rocker that I have been keeping for They were not compelled to use constantly assures him, "You are sentimental reasons went up to my the library room for a study room, wanted, you are loved, you are bedroom. The chairs that went into but I made it a point to turn off the

needed!"the library room, were comfortable TV, if anyone was studying in the

A Mother's Availability tendedand sturdy,to be butlolledtheyin. were not inlivingthe phone:room."NoAlso,PhoneI putCallsa signduringon

In the tender years of childhood, Into the small bookcase went our Study Period."The library room

time is a seemingly endless and paincollection of reference books, endoor was never closed—the room

ful extension of duration. A day is cyclopedias, and dictionaries. Ficwas treated as an extension of the

like a week or even a month of later tion that was on the required reading living room, but away from distraclife. Therefore, a little fellow feels lists were permitted to stay on the tions.

the need to check in with his mom shelves, but all else were barred, as The novelty amused them at first.

every few minutes because it seems were magazines, newspapers, and Then, they began to work in some such a long time. He also wants to comic books. angles that had not been in my

know where she is every moment. The typewriter was on its own original plans.

If she is in the house, he wants to table, and in the drawer was kept a When Connie had her chum over know what part of the house. If supply of paper, scratch pads, pento do some studying together, and

she is going away he wants to know cils, erasers, and pens. I could see that it would be an hour

why and for how long. If at all I saw to it that there was a good of giggles and gossip, I calmly told

possible he wants to spend a lot of light over the big table and by the them to bring their books into the time with her. If she is in the typewriter. Everything was in readiliving room. But when Ted and his

kitchen, that is just where he wants ness when the children came home friend were working on a science to set up his train or build his blocks that afternoon. project, I let them use the room

or experiment with his skates. If I did not make an issue of it. I alone. If science gave way to foothe has been playing outside he has simply told them that here was a ball scores and base runs—they were

to hurry in to report any significant room for them, in which to do their given the "move out"signal.

development. homework, where they could conJimmy and Jessica brought about

It means a great deal to a boy centrate on their studies with no dis- a literal storm, when they kept askjust to have his mom around. This tractions. Nothing could be brought ing their older brother and sister for

need continues with amazing ininto that room other than schoolanswers to their particular hometensity all through the growing books. (I had to remove one portable work. It was necessary to make a

period. Even in high school a boy radio, the second night, and two rule, that if any help was needed,

who comes home to an empty house crackly packages of popcorn, the they must come either to their father gets a sinking feeling. He may not third evening.) or to me. They were not to intersay anything, but he feels it. rupt those who were studying.

Of course, when a mother has to Grades showed a slight improvebe away, a boy can usually underment the first month, definitely so stand and rationalize it satisfactorily. the second month, and now I can

But he still feels a certain unspoken be proud of the report cards that anxiety until she returns. What are brought home.

really leaves a vacuum in his solar OCCUPATION: HOMEMAKER None of the children are geniuses.

plexis is the feeling that his mother I expect none of them to set the wants to stay away or uses any flimsy by Iris W. Schow world afire with some great disexcuse to leave home. Unfortunatecovery. Ted, though, is above averly, our fast, modern living comage in science, and is talking more

petes with the home. If a mother is My neighbor's pine tree stands positively of what he expects to

not careful, she may find her chilagainst study in college, and Connie, after dren growing up without a mother. The glad blue backdrop of the sky; stormy sessions with English gram-

(To be continued) Its branches balance daintily mar, has discovered a flair for writAs if designed to please the eye. ing. Those themes for English

labored over and wept over, started

The Library Room Her wellkept home, a jewel set an interest in journalism. In roses or the drifted snow, Maybe it had just been a passing

(Continued from page 24) Makes natal day or Christmas card phase, that sudden drop in grades,

As through the year the seasons go. but I am not regretting the time and

that nervous headache, or "I'm so effort used in setting aside a library tired, guess I'll rest a few minutes She must be shown from over here room with no distractions allowed.

before dinner"remark that comes up Concentrated study only was peroccasionally. Or she may never even see mitted, with the big clock on the

Instead of the couple of end The dear, enchanting, lovely view wall warningly ticking away the altables that had done duty in the Her years of toil have given me! lotted minutes of the study period.

JANUARY I960 41

The House in the Valley range in favor of the big black stove, his rheumatism for two weeks. And

shook the grate, and added pine there was Jed Norton! Why, Jed

for project a valley sticks hadn't up shown woodbox. The from the( Continued from page 23 his trailing four of in years. quickly. busy Too flame answered The pot

In the years since, those old walls stew I'd brought went on the front herds of sheep. Carole Latham was

had rung with youthful merriment, lid, the redchecked cloth on the there, too, fivemonths pregnant with as healthy, happy children grew table, with honey still in the comb, her first child, her pert little nose strong by the strength of a fragile fresh bread, and milk with thick blue with cold and her young husmother. They had known the warm cream. When the stew began to band, Jack, hovering solicitously

radiance of another darkeyed bride, bubble and the aroma reached the near. He hissed at my raised eyeas Marta's only daughter said goodroof, the men came down. brows: "I couldn't make her stay

bye to the old home and went off Around the table we talked of home. I tried!"

to make her own like it. The other many things—of early days in our Apparently nobody could stay

son, too, was gone, and the little valley and the rugged heritage that home for anything. My husband

house settled about the two of was ours; of the gospel of work and and our neighbor inventoried the job

them—Harry and his mother. sharing and helping each other; of before us.

"Well, if you ask me, the women the fifth commandment: "Honour thy "Holstein heifer had her calf last

."The brisk father and thy mother...."night,"our neighbor was saying.of this valley should—

voice on the party line was Clara, "I've got to finish the living room They'd been nursing that heifer for our ohso-frank Relief Society presiat least,"Harry's rough hand rasped months—she was half their milk supdent, and I knew what she would over his unshaven chin. "I wrote ply. "So cold this morning we had

say whether or not anyone asked her. Mom and Marian just how I was to put it in a box behind the kitchen

I went on thinking of Aunt Marta. fixing it. If I don't sleep or eat, I've stove to thaw out."I pictured it

To us in the valley she was a symgot to finish that much."getting to its feet with everyone

bol of all those pioneer women The determination of his words did gone!

whose fortitude helped to build our not hide the misery in his eyes or the "Well, let's get started!"I turned

West, but she was personal, too. gentle vulnerability of his mouth. He to greet Clara. So enthusiastic, alWithout fanfare, she could make us would go until he dropped, and we ways! I wondered how we'd restrain

feel terribly important; each of us knew it. Why should having the her from cleaning out Aunt Marta's

treasured an exquisite bit of handhouse ready when his mother ardrawers. Maybe I could interest

made lace or a doily or a runner rived mean so much to him? Perher in washing woodwork.

especially designed for a particular haps it was his promise given more By dark the magic of brotherhood spot in each household. than twenty years ago and sincerely had clothed the little old house and

"Finished or not, Marta would kept in spite of loss of crops or stock, its brave, new skeleton, and plasternever complain about the house,"or illness or disappointment, or of board lined the inside. Rooms had

came to my ear over the wire, as the constant, grueling work. Or emerged, complete with floors and

gentle Ida Hansen joined the conperhaps it was simply the devotion window casings. Cold was shut out;

versation. "It's home, and that's of a man to his mother. the warmth of friendship closed in.

where she has to be."My husband stood up and laid a And then a new crisis loomed.

I hoped they'd find a solution—reassuring hand on Harry's shoulder, "I just remembered! My wallpaper

I couldn't see one. Softly I hung up gripping it hard. "We'll get the and paint haven't come out from the

the receiver but ignored my typehouse done, boy."city yet!"Harry slapped his leg with

writer. Let the column wait. I "Were you serious,"I asked as we his gloves. "Didn't expect to need

busied myself preparing the evening drove home, "about finishing the 'em so soon."

meal, and when it was over, we house? Even you can't handle two We looked at each other in disdrove down to Harry's. rooms in three days, my dear!"may.

The stars hung low, and the moon He grinned at me. "Then we'll "It'll take two days to get it."

was silver ice. By its light on the make the Lord our partner. One of His wide shoulders sagged.

snow Harry was nailing boards across us can't lose. And can you think of Silently we viewed our halffin-

the open roof of his new living room. a better way to pull this valley toished labor. Only the hiss of warm

My heart ached at his dear, foolish gether? Now you get hold of Clara, breath blowing on frostbitten fingers

perseverance. Couldn't he see that and I'll talk to Paul...."broke the hush.

it was impossible to finish it in time? That night I blessed the party line "Hold on there, young feller!"It

"Harry,"I begged, "wait until I have so often maligned. One call was Jed. "Reckon I've got some

morning. We'll come and help you."to Clara put the distaff side solidly paint. Was goin'to do the insides

"No time to wait."His weary voice behind the priesthood. of my bunkhouses, but you can have

was dogged. "I'll be careful not to By sunup there was a crowd at it if white will do."

chip off my thumb. Sorry I can't Harry's, men and women in fleece- I wanted to kiss his leathery cheek

come down to visit with you folks, lined caps and high overshoes, our in every deep furrow, because Harry but there's a fire in the kitchen."collective breaths ascending through began to look as if someone were

My husband climbed the ladder the cutting air like a prayer in inhanding him back his dreams.

to the roof, and I went inside. There dividual spirals. Grandpa Olsen was "We brought our wallpaper for

was no evidence that Harry had there, thumping about with his cane the baby's room in the city last eaten since breakfast. I passed up and offering sterling advice. He month, Harry,"Carole Latham said

the shining new halfsized electric hadn't been out of the house with breathlessly. "Could you use it in

42 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA BIG STICK MAKES YOU THE BOSS

IF.armers who've tried other tractors

can speak with authority. We asked

553 new owners, among the thousands who switched to AllisChalmers tractors the past year, what features they liked best.

Their answers tell you what's really new in tractors today.

Director—the "Big Stick."One easyshift lever controls 8 smoothly graduated speeds ahead in 2 ranges. Rugged

oil clutch eases through tough spots with live PTO—or gives an instant

surge of power when it's needed. Makes

you the master—whatever the crop or

soil.

Power Director teamed with Traction Booster system (now with new wider range) matches power, speeds and automatic traction to every load.

Take a Dynamic D into the field.

Test new Power Steering*.,. solidcomfort seat... stepon platform...

SnapCoupler hitch. Begin a new

decade of productive farming—easier

too—for you!

*Optional on D-14 and D-17 Models.

dynamic

it!

TRACTION BOOSTER and SNAPCOUPLER are AllisChalmcra trademarks.

ALUSCHALMERS, FARM EQUIPMENT DIVISION, MILWAUKEE 1, WISCONSIN

ALLISCHALMERS Ask your dealer about the AllisChalmers plan to finance your time purchase of farm equipment

JANUARY I960 43 Aunt Marta's bedroom? It's pink up a basket. "Fried chicken, baked the sheer nylon panels she deftly

with little blue flowers."potatoes, chocolate cake—"hung transformed the bare room.

Harry smiled with his lips, but his I saw a slow flush spread over The others trouped in later, bringeyes squinted unnaturally. "Her Harry's face—and I hustled my huning cakes and salads and hot casfavorite colors, Carole."gry husband out of there. seroles, until the pantry shelves

What could I do but give up my "She'd be perfect for him,"I mused looked as if Aunt Marta had spent cherished hoard of preglued living aloud as we drove home. "It's high a busy day in her own kitchen.

room paper? Who knows when I'll time he had a wife."There were other things, too—pink

get that new addition I've wanted My husband squeezed my hand orlon curtains and a taffeta spread for the last five years? and laughed. "You women! What for Aunt Marta's room, and a pair

Harry leaned against the new would we do without you."of figurines in white porcelain and

doorpost and pushed his big hat I'd forgotten the threatening gold. Aunt Marta's own precious

back from his weathered forehead, storm! There was only a powdery things were replaced—the brown

showing an inch of smooth white skiff of new snow on the ground and leather rocker and the portraits in skin. "Thanks, folks,"he said simply. not a breath of wind stirring. We their polished oval frames, the

"Thanks."make an invincible triangle, I braided rug she made just before

In the dark we went home to do thought—man, woman, and our she went away, and the quaint handour chores, and fell into bed. Heavenly Father. painted mugs her husband brought

It was snowing next morning—soft, I had reason to remember my from France so long ago.

feathery flakes floating from a gray philosophy next morning, for nobody About sundown, we could find sky, deceptively innocent. My huselse showed up at Harry's. Windows nothing more to do. The last crisp

band looked uneasily to the north. to wash, rugs to clean and put down, doily had been placed; antimacassars

"Hope it won't blow, with all the furniture to place—and I alone to on Aunt Marta's chair had been arrange cattle out in the fields."do it! ranged and rearranged. Harry had

Automatically my throat tightened. "He that endureth unto the connected the portable heater in

If the wind began to blow today, end..."I muttered furiously, as I the bedroom.

every man, woman, and child would went to work. And in an hour I was "Too cold in there,"he said, feelhave to rush to the defense of his ashamed, vowing to scrap my skeptiing the need of words and finding

own livelihood. And the highway cism forever, for by the time I'd only inadequate ones. He leaned

might be blocked for days. finished washing the lovely picture against the door frame; exhaustion

"It couldn't!"Fear refuted my window that overlooked the jeweled etched lines in his face, but there

words. "It mustn't!"white valley, Clara had arrived with was peace, too, and an eloquent

My husband looked serious. "That's some drapes she had "just whipped wonder. He looked around slowly

a job for our Partner,"he said. up this morning."Better color for at each of us, and we fidgeted and

"We'll let him take care of it."the new wallpaper, she said, and glanced away.

Everyone had read the familiar "You had so much of your own to signs with uneasiness. My husband do,"he said at last. "And it's so

called us all together in the new livcold and all. You must love Mother

ing room and we made our plea to quite a bit."His voice shook. "We

our Partner. Again we went to TWENTYONE sure do appreciate it. Thanks a

work. lot."

While the men put the veneer on by Kay Cammer The house was ready. Aunt Marta

the outside, simulating red brick, was due at any moment. Through

eight of us women papered a room. the sparkling windows and new curOthers painted everything that A stranger moved into our home tains, we watched down the snowy

neither nor protested. moved How Who does the oddest things; west.road. The cool, pale sun set in thewell I marveled, work together, we

when we are thinking of someone When he's shaving in the morning, It came at last—the big, black car

else. Tomorrow we'd move Aunt with curtains closed, and they

Marta's things in from their storage. He smiles—sometimes he sings. brought Aunt Marta and her flowers

My husband and I lingered after in. How sweet she looked, how

othersthe gone. were A sleepy

in fireplace; a lookglowed fire He drives Father to his meeting, peaceful.night at home.She wouldTomorrowhaveourthisfriendone the new

of peace had softened the haggard Helps with chores, and is polite; the mortician would fly one hundred

lines of Harry's face. Fitting the miles to the valley in his own plane

mood, a gentle tap sounded on the 'Though we joke and laugh about it, to direct the services. Aunt Marta

front door, and the little school It's a very pleasant sight. was back home, and as always she

teacher stepped in, smiling brightly. had drawn the valley folk together.

Her cheeks were rosyred, her dimNow I had a column lead I would ples playing. She looked like a child "It's amazing,"says my mother, love to write, not of death but of

herself, which might be disconcertthreefold life: the loved one that had

ing in a teacher, if one did not know "What Father Time has done; gone on, our own, rediscovered; and

that even the big boys at school bent He's changed our flighty youngster those other young lives that would to her will and loved it. one day inherit the house in our

"I brought some supper."She held Into a man of twentyone."valley.

44 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA J

Standard Oiler Jack Sindall, and wife Carolyn, introduce their silver poodle to the sparkling wonders of modern detergents.

cleaning greater "wetter,"better. have water They make From deep in the float dirt to away. power, cause out fast and come

earth...the world's Detergents work in hard or cold water, leave no scum or

best cleaners bathtubTo makering,themalloweven dishesbetter, toourdrainscientistssparklingare continuallydry.

testing new formulas, which they try out on stacks of

Less than 15 years ago, the first package of modern dishes, bundles of scientifically soiled laundry samples, detergent was sold to a dubious housewife. Today, piles of dirty white shirts.

twothirds of the nation's cleaning is done by synthetic As a result, the detergents you use get better every detergents. year. And they become useful in more and more ways,

This has been made possible by a chemical ingredient from washing railroad cars to making water wetter for found in petroleum. Standard pioneered production of fighting fires.

this substance and today produces more than half of all In this way, by continually working to bring you better that is used in the United States.* products, the people at Standard are planning ahead

As every woman knows, synthetics do any cleaning job to serve you better.

c 'through our whollyowned subsidiary, Oronite Chemical Company

STANDARD OIL COMPANY OF CALIFORNIA

JANUARY 1960 45

Your Question "Then I, the Lord, would give Father command us to go to war and unto them a commandment, and to destroy the lives of the "wicked ( Continued from page 17 justify them in going out to battle in war, than it is for him to bring out as a just measure unto you. against that nation, tongue, or peofire from heaven to accomplish the

cities ple. as the purpose, he did on same again, shall if your "And enemy

deto or Gomorrah; and "And I, the Lord, would fight their of Sodom time,smite the second you and you

revile not against your enemy, and battles, and their children's battles, stroy cities as he did by earthquake and their children's children's, until and fire as recorded in the Book ofbear it patiently, your reward shall they the world to bring or upon themselves avenged had on all Mormon;be an hundredfold.

their of its earth the enemies, to cleanse the third a flood to and "And again, if he shall smite you the third time, and ye bear it pafourth generation. wickedness. President John Taylor

is for this the "Behold, Lord given us reasons an ensample unto hastiently, reward your shall be doubled all at times his people, saith purposes accomplishing the your Lord God, fourfold;unto you

for justification following this the in in before manner, me."9 shall three these testimonies "And

It to is no worse words: have Eternal our

if against restand your he enemy pent not, and shall not be blotted out. "And now, verily I say unto you, if shall escape that enemy my Settlement before sundownvengeance, that he brought be not into judgment before me, then ye shall see to it that ye warn him in Richard L. Evans

my name, that he come no more upon you, neither upon your family, even Somewhere there is a sentence which says in subyour children's children unto the stance: "Make an enemy, and you see him

third and fourth generation. THE everywhere."1 If we have ever walked out of our

SPOKEN then, to avoid if he shall speaking to someone, "And no doubt upon come we WORD way chilchildren, or your or uncomfortable youryou more The remember we were. how

dren's children unto the third and people we feel we have to avoid, the more ill at ease we are. The

fourth generation, I have delivered more unsettled differences we have, the fewer places we feel free thine enemy into thine hands; to go. If we have an unsettled quarrel with a neighbor, we prob-

"And then if thou wilt spare him, ably feel uncomfortable and selfconscious in passing his place. If

thou shalt be rewarded for thy we have an unsettled misunderstanding with someone in our own righteousness; and also thy children family, we likely don't feel as comfortable in the same house as

and thy children's children unto the we could. He who has an unsettled quarrel is never quite at ease

third and fourth generation. inside, and he who isn't at ease inside cannot work as well or feel

"Nevertheless, thine enemy is in as well or be at his best. Our feelings against others cramp our own

thine hands; and if thou rewardest activities. And for this reason, and for many others, a fair and

him according to his works thou art forthright clearing of the atmosphere is so much to be preferred to justified; if he has sought thy life, dragging out our differences. We recall this sentence from one

and thy life is endangered by him, of the epistles of Paul: "... let not the sun go down upon your

thine enemy is in thine hands and wrath."2 Certainly we'd all be happier if each day's differences

thou art justified. could be settled by sundown—because this business of brooding,

"Behold, this is the law I gave unto this fermenting inside, is a deadly killer of human happiness. Somemy servant Nephi, and thy fathers, times people foolishly go along for years avoiding each other. Their

Joseph, and Jacob, and Isaac, and estrangement may date back to some almost forgotten offense. But

Abraham, and all mine ancient they may have persisted so long in injured silence that it is emprophets and apostles. barrassing for either to break it. But the best way to settle a mis-

"And again, this is the law that I understanding is to settle it—even at the price of a little pride

is rightly ourgave unto mine ancients, that they even if we don't feel that we were at fault—or that it

should not go out unto battle against place to make the first move. Everyone is cramped and uncomany nation, kindred, tongue, or peofortable in the presence of those who have unreconciled differences.

first move isn't always altogether a question ofple, save I, the Lord, commanded And making the them. being magnanimous. It is in our own interest to have misunder-

"And if any nation, tongue, or peoinstandingsour ownclearedtown, up,or whereso thatwewework,can beor atin easeour ownin ourthoughts—andown home,

ple should proclaim war against not have to feel that there are those we'd rather not meet face them, they should first lift a standto face. There is much to be said for settlement before sundown—

ard of peace unto that people, nafor if we have an enemy it is likely to seem that we see him everytion, or tongue; where.*

"And if that people did not accept the offering of peace, neither the "The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the second nor the third time, they Columbia Broadcasting System, November 1, 1959. Copyright 1959.

should bring these testimonies before 12EphesismsSource unknown.4:26.

the Lord; "Revised.

46 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "If thy brother, the son of thy mother; or thy son, or thy daughter,

or the wife of thy bosom, or thy friend, which is as thine own soul, entice thee secretly, saying, Let us go and serve other gods, which thou hast not known, thou, nor thy fathers; ''Namely, of the gods of the people which are round about you, nigh unto thee, or far off from thee; from

the other end of the earth; Thou shalt

not consent unto him, nor hearken unto him; neither shalt thine eye

pity him, neither shalt thou spare, neither shalt thou conceal him:

"But thou shalt surely kill him;

thine hand shall be first upon him to put him to death, and afterwards the hand of all the people.

''And thou shalt stone him with stones, that he die; because he hath

sought to thrust thee away from theLord thy God, which brought thee PUT YOURSELF IN THIS PICTURE out of the land of Egypt, from the 10 of bondage.'house Join a BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY stated, that if then, it is "Here,

brother, son, wife or any one, wish StudyTour for Educational Travel to lead thee from God, thou shalt destroy them; and why? Because in Summer 1960

forsaking God, they lose sight of their eternal existence, corrupt themLow-cost, nonprofit educaCollege credit selves, and entail misery on their tional tours

Best in concerts, opera, toposterity. it was better Hence

galleries Experienced directors drama, museums, to individuals, thandestroy a few scenic See greatest wonentail hence many. misery on And Spiritual development buildings, monuments of the old inhabitants and ders, worldthe

of the cities of Sodom and Gomorrah Ride best airlines, buses, Learn about peoples of were destroyed, because it was betsteamships other lands ter for them to die, and thus be———————————-Clip and Mail for FREE Information-———————

deprived of their agency, which they TO TRAVEL STUDIES, BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY, PROVO, UTAH abused, then entail so much misery Please send me information about the summer tours I have checked below:

on their posterity, and bring ruin upon millions of unborn persons 11 EUROPE Date Cost Deposit "DSC 98:2238. | | Around the World Tour June 8-August 5 $2995 $200

1]Deut.Tohn Taylor,13:6-10.The Government of God, p. 53. European(Russ. OptionTravel $505)Study Program

North June 22August 21 $1295 $100

AT FIFTEEN YEARS SouthPeoples and Cultures Tour of Europe June 22August 21 $1275 $100 by Mabel Jones Gabbott G Sec. A June 10August 20 $1295 $100

Sec. B (Russian option $255) June 24August 23 $1495 $100

Now is the poem perfectly penned, [1 Sec. C (Genealogy. Signup deadline August 7-September 7 $ 745 $100

Feb. 7) blend mysterious romantic, softlyA

European Adult Program July 18August 19 $ 945 $100 pride and [1 Short poise and petticoats,Of tears, NORTH AMEI V AND HAWAII

Of raptures and secrets, at fifteen [| 11th Annual Church History Tour years; by Air (deadline for signup Jan. 30) July 30August 6 $ 295 $10

I | SocioCultural Tour of Hawaii July 21August 7 $ 525 $50

Fashioned and formed by the MasLATIN AMERICA ter hand, I I Circle South America July 1 -August 5 $1695 $100

Her feet on the border of an unTRAVEL-STUDY PROGRAMS known land; I | Mexico Residence Program June 16August 5 $ 375 $50

Starryeyed, graceful as a bird in |1 French Residence Program at Quebec June 26August 12 $ 459 $50 flight, She is the poem the heart would NAME write.

MAILING ADDRESS

JANUARY 1960 47 Soft Discipline and ties but also the most permanently And with no further discussion

Hard Knocks rewarding if carefully prepared for about the matter. Startled? Why? and courageously and prayerfully How do you answer Junior when he

(Continued from page 27) discharged. Parents should exercise comes to breakfast on Monday

all prejudiced against your child. authority in righteousness, "reprovmorning and announces to you that

"11. When he gets into real ing at times with sharpness and then he is not going to school any more?

trouble, apologize for yourself by showing an increase of love."You know! Junior goes.

saying, 1 never could do anything J. Edgar Hoover, who has spent "How do you answer when Junwith him.'a lifetime dealing with undisciplined ior comes in very much besmudged

"12. Prepare for a life of grief. misfits and criminals, gives good adand says, 'I'm not going to take a

You will be apt to have it."vice on parental authority in Ameribath.'Junior bathes, doesn't he?

Young parents often feel that their can Mercury, February 1958: "Why all this timidity, then, in

parents and grandparents were "Shall I make my child go to the realm of his spiritual guidance

Victorian in their outlook, and they Sunday School and Church? Yes! and growth? Going to let him wait

themselves are determined to get rid of the oldfashioned approach to parentchild relationships, but they fail to realize that there are certain oldfashioned timeare values which tested. parents beHow Fine the Line Older be may

hind the times, but it should be remembered that during the time Richard L. Evans

that is behind them, some valuable and enduring lessons were learned. It is a frightening fact that a man may do a thing

There should be no surrender of right a thousand times, and then do it wrong just the limited but Godgiven soverTHE once, and tragedy comes. Except for some very

eignty of parenthood. Young parSPOKEN narrow escapes, perhaps any of us, or all of us, WORDents should prayerfully seek wisdom could be numbered with those whom we pity or

in the exercise of discipline. Erratic with those whom we condemn. And we may never even know

and apologetic discipline, interhow narrowly we may have missed the fate of someone who has spersed with pussyfooting, often fallen into misfortune. This thought is unforgettably expressed

leads to defiance, lawlessness, to in the comment commonly credited to John Bradford, chaplain to the juvenile court or to jail. Parents Edward VI of sixteen century England. Seeing a condemned man

must have the courage and the marched off to his death, and knowing of the narrow margins by genius to incline the twig with which men are often made and unmade, this he said, in substance:

kindness but with firmness. "There, but for the grace of God, goes John Bradford."1 (Significantly

Parents must be more than mere he himself later met a similar unfortunate fate.) There is often

attending psychiatrists. Your chilonly a very fine line between winning and losing. In a race the

dren came into your home, it is difference may be only the shaving of a second. In business, the

hoped, because you wanted them, difference may be only one wrong decision among a hundred right and they are entitled not only to your ones. In a contest, the difference may be only the preference or

love but also to your tender but opinion of one judge. In an accident, the difference may be only

firm guidance and discipline. The one small mechanical mishap or one small error of judgment. If

habits of conduct which they form we dial a wrong phone number, the result is only a wrong number.

in their early years will carry over But with the same kind of error, if we push a wrong button where into their married lives. Every child safety is concerned, the result could be tragic. In so many things

should know there are some things we do in life, there is an exceedingly fine line between safety and he must not and cannot do, and that sorrow. We ourselves may not see it at the moment. But, often,

for every broken law there is a penothers see it and are frightened for us. This is one reason why

alty. He should also know that parents are so often afraid for children. Parents have the experithere are some things he cannot ence and perspective to see how thin the line can be between

have, even though he cries for them. success and failure, between safety and sorrow. The differences

How frequently do parents, sadin cause may sometimes seem inconsequential, but the differences dened by experience, vainly wish in result may be eternally great. And we should have compassion

they had been wise before the for the man who has met misfortune, for the man who has made event, and taught lessons in self- a mistake, for the man who narrowly missed being what he might denial, selfcontrol, obedience, and have been—and should never forget that "there, but for the grace

honesty. The Lord himself finds it of God,"am I. And the thought should help to keep us humble

necessary to deny us some things for and help to keep us holding hard and fast to the right side of every which we ask and occasionally even decision, and to the right side of every road.*

allows us to be hurt for our own good. In later life we thank him "The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the

for the wisdom of his love. Columbia Broadcasting System, November 15, 1959. Copyright 1959.

Parenthood is one of life's most John 'JohnBunyan,Bradford,John Wesley.)Works, Vol. II. ( Also credited to others, including Richard Baxter,

serious and challenging responsibiliRevised.

48 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA and decide what Church he'll go to when he's old enough? Quit your

kidding! You didn't wait until you

were old enough. You don't wait until he is old enough to decide

whether he wants to go to school or not to start his education. You

don't wait until he is old enough to decide whether he wants to be clean or dirty do you? You don't wait

until he is old enough to decide if he wants to take his medicine when he is sick, do you?

"What shall we say when Junior announces he doesn't like to go to

Sunday School and Church? That's

an easy one to answer. Just be consistent. Tell him, 'Jurnor > in our

house we all go to Church and to

Sunday School, and that includes you.'Your firmness and example

will furnish a bridge over which youthful rebellion may travel into rich and satisfying experience in personal religious living. The parents of America can strike a telling

blow against the forces that contribute to our juvenile delinquency, if our mothers and fathers will take their children to Sunday School and

Church regularly."

Married men and women may be relatively successful in one or several fields of activity and find satisfaction therein, but however successful they may be, if they fail in the central and ultimate role of parenthood, all other successes whatsoever will not satisfy the human heart, nor qualify men for celestial glory.

The sacred obligation of parenthood involves not only becoming partners with each other and with God in the Farmers famous personalized service creation of new life in mortality, but it imposes the responsibility of saves you time and money being his agents in training and diDay or night, rain or shine, anywhere across the country, help from recting the activities of youth. ParFarmers is as near as a phone. The man from Farmers is at your

ents must become companions, side... fast, cutting redtape, sidestepping delays. He's there when

guides, counselors, disciplinarians, you need him to arrange for repairs, take care of details. Fair settleand judges, and for their stewardment of claims is the rule with Farmers, too. And friendly Farmers

ship they must account to our people are always eager to be of service. Get the facts now. Learn excuse Father. The poorHeavenly

of heard, "Because sometimes my why Farmers is the best auto insurance buy in America today love for him I just could not disciYOU SAVE MONEY WITH FARMERS!

the Diwill not satisfy pline him,"generally lower other rates because companies are than most Farmers 20% is discipline whose vine Judge, for gives drivers. a only careful insures Farmers Farmers 10%* discount

undeviating and whose laws are inone year of accidentfree driving, allows an additional 25% discount on your exorable and immutable. second car, if you qualify. And your Farmers auto liability policy automatically provides protection against hitand-run or uninsured motorists.

*Not available in Washington He is a wise man who does not grieve for the things which he has not, but rejoices for those which he Farmers Auto Insurance has. CALL FARMERS INSURANCE GROUP

—Epictetus

TO - LIFE FIRE TRUCK

JANUARY 1960 49 The Lord Jesus Christ established his church when he was upon the earth.1960 Melchizedek In the centuries that followed there was an aposPriesthood Course tasydoctrinefromwasthis altered;Church. theTheorganizationpriesthood waswas changed.lost; the

In the nineteenth century God again spoke from the heavens, and a new dispensation was opened.of Study The priesthood was conferred; the doctrine was

Manual: Apostasy to Restoration by T. Edgar Lyon: revealed anew; the organization with apostles and

300 pages. Price eightyfive cents. prophets was restored. The Church of Jesus Christ

A copy of this manual will be needed by every was again established on the earth.

quorum and group instructor and every member of Upon these fundamental premises rests the validity the Melchizedek Priesthood. of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

Principal reference work: Apostasy from the Divine Every member, and particularly every man who holds

Church, by James L. Barker: Price $2.95. the priesthood, should become familiar with events

This book, by Brother Barker, is a valuable source and personalities associated with the "falling away"for the historical facts of the apostasy. Every student predicted by Paul, and the "times of restitution"

will do well to peruse it earnestly. spoken of by Peter.

stake conference leadership meetings this quarter, the priesthood officers will present a special message to fathers and mothers in their homes.

This message will be taken to all homes eventually, but for the present it will be taken more directly to Melchizedek <r

PRIESTHOOD membersthe homesofofthethoseAaronicattendingPriesthoodschoolsandfor thethe similarsenior schools being conducted for elders.

As an adjunct to the schools, this new approach will seek to bring about an orderly transition into full Church activity for each member.

Details of the progress will be explained by general authorities attending stake conferences duringA Cooperative the first quarter of 1960. This will be done in a special leadership meeting arranged for this purpose.

As this program moves forward, auxiliary organizaMissionary Effort tions will invite their enlistment committees to visit

Beginning with stake conferences to be held in the these same homes, suggesting that women and chilfirst quarter of 1960 a renewed effort will be underdren, as well as boys and men, participate in the taken to interest our brothers and sisters not now programs of the respective organizations.

participating in the activities of the Church. Opportunity will be given to every Latterday Saint

The effort will unite in one vast undertaking the to participate in the uplifting program of the Church.

joint endeavors of the priesthood and auxiliary orEmphasis will be placed upon the adoption of gospel ganizations of the Church. principles in the daily living habits of the family.

Auxiliary enlistment committees are invited to assist Parents will be asked to expand their leadership in

Melchizedek Priesthood quorum officers and committhe home, drawing nearer to their children, and leadtees of the Aaronic Priesthood for men over 21 in ing them—not sending them—into Church activity.

reaching every family. Parents and children need to understand one anThrough a new home approach being exhibited at other. Often people living under the same roof suffer

50 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA To assist the men of the Church in their study of for the apostasy. Neither will an attempt be made to

this important subject, Elder T. Edgar Lyon was identify the exact spot where it took place nor to state

asked to prepare a manual for use in the Melchizedek precisely when it occurred. Rather we will study

Priesthood quorums. Elder Lyon is codirector of what took place in Christianity. The apostasy, apart

the Salt Lake City Institute of Religion adjacent to from the loss of divine authority, will be seen to have the University of Utah. He is wellqualified by reason developed with full momentum after the end of the

of his training and research to handle this subject. first century. We will compare the changed church

The basic reference work for the course: Apostasy and its innovations with the Church of Jesus Christ

from the Divine Church, by Elder James L. Barker, of the apostolic period. We will find abundant evishould be in the hands of all quorum and group dence of a radical departure of the former from the

instructors. The members of the priesthood likewise latter."

should be encouraged to secure the Barker book and It is the purpose of these studies, on these basic study it for enrichment material as the lessons are and important matters of history, to strengthen the presented during the year. faith of all who participate in them, and to show the

Brother Lyon presents this point of view as to the factual, historical reality of the apostasy and the scope and content of his manual, Apostasy to Restoranecessity and fact of the restoration.

tion: "No attempt will be made to tell who was responsible THE GENERAL PRIESTHOOD COMMITTEE

;->:-;-:;.;;;:::::

lack of harmony and at times even bitterness, because five percent said there was no parental love for the they are not understood. children.

Young people today face many problems. At times The study showed, too, that very little religious trainparents are problems to their own children, even as ing was given in the homes of these troubled youngsome children become problems to their parents. sters.

Sitting down and working out family difficulties on How may we improve the situation in our own a basis of love and understanding can bring peace to homes? How may parents win the confidence of

every home. It can help all members of the family their children? How may we develop juvenile

to live the great ideals of the gospel of Jesus Christ. decency—instead of juvenile delinquency?

One of the most serious problems of young people Each family might well hold a "family council"today pertains to their own personal conduct, both called and conducted by the parents and attended by in and out of the home. Parents often are "too busy"all members of the family. Properly held, it can

to talk these problems out with their children, and strengthen family ties, assure children they "belong,"as a result, the young people go elsewhere for advice and convince them that the parents are interested and are often misled. in their problems. It can help protect children against

Young people also need to plan for the future. In temptation. It can inspire parents to set the necesthis too they require a guiding hand. Are the parents sary examples of righteous living for their children.

"too busy"to give this guidance? In such a meeting parents can win the cooperation

A study made by the Harvard University Law of children in attaining the objectives of good family

School recently showed that in 80 percent of the cases living, inviting them to help plan for it, and making of juvenile difficulty studied by that school there them feel a part of both the plan and its operation.

was no "team spirit"in the home. The family never Children will respond if parents take the initiative

did things together. in righteous leadership.

Eighty percent of the youngsters studied said their Such family council meetings may develop into parents did not have time for them and did not care regular "Family Hours"or "Family Evenings"where what they did as long as they did not disturb the family matters may be discussed as needed, where routine of the parents. parents and children may jointly plan activities and

The same percentage reported that parents did not policies of the home, where they may play together, care whom the children chose for friends. Seventysing together, work (Continued on page 60)

JANUARY I960 51 New Ward Teaching Supplement

KEYS OF THE PRIESTHOOD

Not long ago, in a world and a and exercise of the priesthood, were scattered, spiritual time not too different from our anarchy and ecclesiastical chaos would result. There

own, the Savior of the world lived are those who insist that the Lord calls different among men. Realizing that it was people with different beliefs to function in his name

not his calling to remain, he and that all of these, despite radical differences in gathered to him those twelve whom he had chosen, background, doctrines accepted and ordinances pracgave them "the keys of the kingdom of heaven,"and tised, are chosen of him, and clothed with divine autold them: thority. This position, popular as it might be, cannot

"... whatsoever thou shalt bind on earth shall be stand up under scriptural or logical scrutiny.

bound in heaven: and whatsoever thou shalt loose on During the Meridian of Time the head of the

earth shall be loosed in heaven."(See Matt. 16:19, Church vjas Jesus Christ. Today the head of the

18:18.) Church is Jesus Christ. He directs his people through

Armed with this authority, the apostles carried the a power known as the priesthood, which gives those gospel and the Church to all quarters of the known who hold it the right to act in his name. Unto certain

world. It was not until the dark shadow of apostasy of these he gives the keys of the priesthood, that order

settled upon the earth that this power was removed. and harmony might exist instead of confusion and

These keys—the keys of the priesthood—have been chaos. Authority is then delegated through and by

restored in this dispensation and are held by the presithese leaders to permit those holding the priesthood dent of the Church. Some of them have been deleto exercise it. For instance, all Melchizedek Priesthood

gated to others and are exercised by them under his holders and all priests have the power to baptize. But

supervision. A stake president, for instance, holds all they cannot go around indiscriminately baptizing

keys necessary to preside in his stake. people at their whim. A responsible person will deThe organization of the Church thus is based upon cide when a baptism is to be performed and will asthe very soundest organizational principles. Just as sign some priesthood bearer to perform it. The

unity of command is sound in management and the former may have no more priesthood than the latter, military, so it is sound in religious administration. Can but it is part of his calling to make such decisions

you imagine a battlefield with twentyseven generals and assignments.

trying to direct operations simultaneously, or a footThose who preside over us have been chosen of the ball field with eight coaches running substitutes in Lord. They were called to lead us and to counsel us.

and out and four quarterbacks callings plays at the And if we are wise we will look to them and honor same time? Disorder would of course result. And if them and follow them... for they hold the keys of

the keys of the priesthood, which control the operation the kingdom.

52 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA a

Within the Church today are companions. Others were offended or hurt at

thousands of brethren who do not some time and remain away because of damaged hold the priesthood, or who do pride. In other cases, one can point to laziness,

not hold an office therein comtransgression, misunderstanding, living away from mensurate with their age and exthe center of Church for a long time, or trouble perience in the world. with inlaws—the reasons are many, the results alike.

This problem—the large number of senior members They remain away.

of the Aaronic Priesthood and unordained adultsThe Church has a program for senior members of is a concern of every member of the Church. Within the Aaronic Priesthood. Schools and various social

this group is a great potential for leadership and a and religious activities bring many of these back into multitude of talents of every imaginable description. the fold. Missionaries help. But this is a challenge

That they are inactive is both a loss to the Church for each member of the Church, not just for special and to their families. groups within it. We all know people, wonderful

These brethren are inactive because somewhere people, who fit this classification... people who

along the line someone failed. Many came from need the Church as much as the Church needs them.

homes where neither parent was active, and thus they We can all help by being good Latterday Saints (we received little encouragement to participate. Many are being watched) and by taking advantage of those

made unfortunate selection of friends as well as opportunities that present themselves.

Another year is behind us and siding Bishopric during October conference.

a new one opens itself to our view. Most significant, probably, is the addition to the

For most of us, this means—at existing requirements of a mandatory seventyfive perleast in some areas of our life—cent or better MIA attendance. This brings into the

clean slate, a new beginning. Past program all phases of Church activity for young men

mistakes and false starts are forgotten; resolutions of Aaronic Priesthood age. Similar requirements alare made and the future faced with confidence. ready exist for Sacrament meeting, priesthood meetSo should it be in the Aaronic Priesthood program. ing, and Sunday School.

Bishoprics, advisors, and other workers should look at The Sunday School and the MIA will work with the the new year as a fresh challenge. In every phase of Aaronic Priesthood in keeping attendance records

Aaronic Priesthood activity, 1959 was one of the best and determining eligibility for the awards.

years yet; 1960 should be even better. Ninetyfive and one hundred percent attendance

Take the individual award program as an example. seals have been discarded. This will save considerThe year 1958 saw records shattered left and right. able bookkeeping effort and also, it is felt, a good

The final figures on the activities for 1959 are not in deal of heartache. Only the ninety percent or better

yet, but it would appear that even greater heights seal has been retained.

of achievement have been attained. We have reason Bishops are again required, at the conclusion of

to expect that 1960 will result in more improvement. 1960, as they were during 1959, to interview personally

The 1960 Handbook for Leaders of Aaronic Priesteach candidate to see if he is "otherwise worthy"hood under 21 points out several changes in the award (honest, morally clean, and of good report) to receive program. These were first announced by the Prethe award.

JANUARY I960 53

The greatest heritage for any The Toast of the Town child is an attitude of awareness and % appreciation. Keep him alert, to made with

grow in perceiving and to enjoy the gifts that nature sends—the clear sunset, the early glimpse of the pale TABLE QUEEN

moon. Never let him approach a

of course/ new day disgruntled and sputtering.—

If it always seems to drizzle when a child wants snow, or snow when sun would suit him better, he handicaps himself with a series of unnecessary tensions about weather and seasons over which he has not the slightest control. A child copies Tastes better -toasts

adults, of course, but there is a time better—because Table Queen

has a smooth, even texture.

to help him revise his attitudes. Try a loaf today—see how good

bread can be.

Today's Family ROYAL BAKING COMPANY, SAtT 1 A K E AND OGDEN

Florence B. Pinnock. Editor

Singing Reminds you..thatof freshgoodcountryMorningcreamMilk

Extra rich in flavor... extra smooth in texture.

Keeps sweet and delicious indefinitely in the in the unopened can. Guarantees superior cooking

results. by Helen S. Neal So rich it whips easily when chilled Rain

Let all his life be a beautiful adventure, an everchanging panorama of nature's gifts. \\ ft BURNED OUT

REALLY MEANS BURNED OUT TODAY Build anticipation of seasonal and other changes, which often ar- A fire may mean you are out of a place to live, rive suddenly. They can be a dewith tremendous added expense before you find

lightful adventure. Perhaps winter another.

is least loved. Help a small child Let us explain your need for ample insurance

prepare his viewpoint with tales of to cover today's higher values.

frost that touches gardens and windowpanes with white, and children's UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY cheeks with bright red. HEBER J. GRANT & CO., General Agents, Salt Lake City

Trees will become bare and brown, sometimes with soft snow frosted up one side, or piled gently on their brown branches. Let a child reproLEARN DRINK *

duce with crayons the bare trees in AT winter dress, snowtouched, that he HOME!

teacher. Leai right A delightful n quickly, at music Be ownpiano, to accordion, yourplay home, any for hot beverage those it famous No boringinstrument. cises.Our picturedplaying Start righteasy. makepieces coffee. don't drink who exercost.for students, lessonssimpleincludingguitar, away.Welk. LowWrite

will Lawrencesalesman No No U.

Music, book.of Y. call.N, SchoolFREEl,0OO,(H)O Washington, Studioobligation. 1201, Port GROCERS YOUR S. AT

JANUARY I960 55 may also draw again when they are sleep before snow arrived, now in leaf dress, three or four months takes place in an interesting selater. The frozen brook he may quence. Help him to find pussy

sketch later as it ripples over its willows that pop out into little rocky bed, perhaps with a frog bekitten-paw gray balls even before side its bank. their leaves are ready. Crocus

Coasting and skating make cold blossoms jump up in many lawns days exciting. He snuggles into before the grass is quite green again.

chinhigh, wristtight, anklelong Let him look up into brown tree snowclothes to stay warm. His branches, soon to be wearing their

breath steams frostywhite so he can green mantle of leaves, and see the puff like a little engine and see his many buds fattening. Let him find

steam. He can build icy round maple trees with buds that are red.

igloos, like Eskimos, and a long wall April rain seems to laugh as it to hide behind when he has snowstirs blossoms to waken. Spring has

ball battles with his playmates. a green lap. Show your child how

He can write messages on the to bring a branch of willow or forsnow with a long stick for a pencil, sythia into the house and urge it to and turn sculptor to create snow open faster in a bowl of water. It

bunnies, puppies, bears, and men, will bloom before the other branches, with prune eyes, appleslice lips, and still growing, because indoors it is last year's hat and scarf for clothing. warmer, and the water supply ismm Show him the cheerfulness of unlimited, not depending on rain's

snow in sunshine. Snow borders the caprices.

walks with a necklace of pearls As the sun gets warmer, the sky is then weaves a magic mantle over a deeper, warmer blue. The clouds

the bushes. The crisp air delights help by dropping their gentle, perand tingles his nose and quickens sistent rains to encourage the thirsty

his step. A walk in the soft snow plants to grow. A poet has said

is silent, but on icy snow, he makes a musical crunch. When his walk "... little drops come slipping

ends, the hearth seems more glowing through, and welcome, by contrast with the Fresh from a laughing sky."

clear cold air outside.

Sleigh rides come in winter, the Help your child watch for robins jingling bells sounding crisp against to arrive. Violets dot the banks of

the snow. The sun seems to shine brooks, now thawed and gurgling.

brighter on the sparkling white. Willows bend down to listen, and

Snow comes down sometimes like their pale yellowgreen leaves begin fine powdery salt from an enormous to unfold.

shaker. Sometimes it falls slowly Some mornings spring rain will

and, when it does, he can catch a tap on his window to waken him single flake against a dark mitten and invite him to put on rainwear and admire its incredible beauty. and sail paper boats in puddles.

Each flake differs slightly from every Raincoat, hat, and boots keep him other flake. snug and dry while he enjoys splashIn the evening he sees house lights ing about with all the delight of

come on earlier, for the days are birds and other small outdoor creashorter in winter. The lights make tures.

a bright yellow glow on the white Wind helps rain drench the lawns snow. and the woods and send up fresh

Trees, gardens, and some animals new earthy smells. Sometimes the

The Good Housekeeping haveanew ain longthe spring.quiet sleep,The gentleto wakenrest rainlike longcomessoftin silentslantingneedles.silver Otherlines,

Seal g uarantees of this cold, quiet period should fill times rain falls in tiny droplets

Rancho's azestchildfor withbrisk awe,fun andas wellan eagernessas with hardlymist. more active than a fog or

goodness! to watch later as spring unfolds Let him keep a little notebook of

again. what he finds on walks. Even beJust before people run out of all fore he can print letters, he can

the many ideas for fun in the winter "write"with little sketches, showing season, the weatherman, with deft a trilium he has found with its blosskill, "brings on spring. som coyly hiding beneath its leaves,

The slow, gradual awakening of a bluebird on a tree branch, a pink 7 all the lovely things that went to lady slipper, if he is so fortunate as

DELICIOUS VARIETIES!

56 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA to live near where one of these scarce flowers grows. Gradually colors of

all new blossoms jewelstud the landscape.

This is the season when hopscotch and jacks and marbles appear wherever children play, and play hours last longer in the warm air long evenings.and

Before your child can have exgfeoj jjJfpi&ifr plored all the wonders of spring, the meadow lark pours out his thread of music and welcomes the gay summertime. In the pageantof seasons, summer takes a royal KITCHEI1 CHART11position. Days get so much longer WAXED PAPER

that Stevenson had a child compare this season with winter when he got up by night, and conclude that in Candlelight summer it was quite the other way, you had to "go to bed by day."Quality

Have your child listen to the sounds of summer which include tut is s ei sarin sTMMtl at the hum of bees as they flit, lightly at first, between colorful openITlflRCHL Breakfast throated blooms, then heavily carry their packs of honey and drone from nflPKins nook the clover patches to the buckwheat fields. JkfyitmcUve Qewity yie Prices

The sun has a Midas touch in summer and the darker blue of the skies adds to the feeling that summer is a wonderland. Fields stretch

to the sky's rim in a sea of glory.

Red roses, daisies, blue delphiniums spread waving banners through thegarden. Wild flowers become alNew

most in a drowned mounting sea of MAIN fields.green grass in the

He can rejoice in the heavy STREET fragrance of the flowers. He can AT 5TH

admire the trees which have given SOUTH up their blossoms to wear birdnests and fruits among their leaves.

This is the time to swim or go on The Motel family picnics or campouts. Beach with thetrips are cooling if one lives in tripdistance of the shore. Soon the Hotel

cooler days of autumn are welcome. Location This season brings the rich smells

and colors of harvesttime. Bright red

apples, golden pumpkins, bunches of purple grapes, green squashes, and juicy ripe melons make piles in the fields, or in baskets, and add to the pleasures of good eating. When you think of TRAVEL

Crickets make a merry din, and QUICKLY FOLD Think of MURDOCK TRAVEL squirrels as chatter their they hoard UNFOLD! OR

Salt Lake City, Utah 51 North State piles.nut whistle Winds roar and Seating Maximum Folding 29 DA 2-11 fingers Storageand run Minimum through the golden

., Tables of ripplingsea until wheat, the

is entirelyheavy lifted heat the from PERFECTIONEEREDBetter appearance, NOW AVAILABLE - WRITE FOR land. durability child your Help and strength. hear see and

Finest construction, LISTING COMPLETE OF things.these JREE finish. 9fTUcheU workmanship,Choice of top many Choir Tabernacle Records Mormon Leaves begin to turn glorious

materials colors. and Recordings Columbia

Folder for Write RECORD CENTRE South 47 Main MITCHELL CO. MANUFACTURING Salt Lake City, Utah

S. 34th St., 2748 Milwaukee 46, Wis., Dept. A-10 ZCMI

JANUARY I960 57 YOUR colors, gold, crimson, crisp brown, COLD DAYSHOT BISCUITS

SALT LAKE and flaming orange. They fall decoOPTICAL rativelystone walls.on fields and walks and over makeHot bakingan ordinarypowdermealbiscuitssomethingalways

HEADQUARTERS areOnfunlawnsto kick.and inTheyyards,cracklethe leavesand lunch,special, orwhetherdinner. itIt'sbeeasybreakfast,to berustle under the feet. come so busy our meals never have

Give him joy in weather and other that "someonecares"air about them.

EYEGLASSES changes, quite as much as in the It's the little extras that really bring seasons. Clouds are mysterious and the applause and compliments from

CONTACT LENSES give new color values. Sometimes the whole family. Baking powder

they are fleecy white and look like biscuits are quick and easy when

ARTIFICIAL EYES lambs frolicking. Sometimes they you use this basic, quick mix.

HEARING AIDS frown.Seas have creamy billowing waves. Baking Powder Biscuit Quick Mix

Even a lake has waves in the wind.

the sifted, Waves run from a soft 8 gamut flour allpurpose cups to 3 LOCATIONS... rhythmic spray. song a thundering 1 milk solids dry cup nonfat

They laugh, shout, boom, quite like 2 teaspoons salt

The the movements of a symphony. 5 tablespoons baking powder

Mist and fog make the air soft 1% cups shortening

hills or lie like a scarf across valleys Sift dry ingredients together three OPTICAL SHOP and damp. They stream from the

with a trail of vapor. They descend times. Cut in shortening until evenly

420 Boston Bldg. tiptoe and leave a white blanket bedistributed and the mixture resem368 East First South hind, that one can almost smell and bles corn meal. Store in a closed

1062 East 2100 South taste. container and keep in refrigerator.

sift, but stir lightly before EM 3-5262 childAnothercan enjoydelightfulis twilight.change yourThe using.Do not

Salt Lake City, Utah day wanes, and the sky looks cooler at dusk. The departing light weaves Breakfast Sweetcake

shadows that tangle with the darkness. Flowers seem to go to sleep 2 cups basic mix

as their bright colors fade to gray. 3 tablespoons sugar

trees distant look The and ghostly 1 slightly beaten egg—

their color. KNIT A SWEATER in appear Vz They muted water cup

to until us goodnight morning wave Vz raisins cup IN 3 HOURS will streaks in the pink sky of put Vz cup nuts—optional

first knit the very can time, even You day. another Vz sugar cup brown

knit if before never have you futile for to "storm"a child How 2 teaspoons cinnamon

Knit a cardigan toddler's in minutes3 hours,...soxwithIn all90 theminutes,beautyCf over the gentle cloak of darkness, set in 60

true in everything you rain, of appearance handknit or brisk, of patter stimulating basic together sugar. Mix mix and

friends, knit. yourself, family for and your Make to days. love cold each Teach him raisins, knits the and custom beautiful shown egg, Vogue water, blend and Add

price fraction the at youin a of McCall's would pay its delights. for change Teach own until not smooth. but moistened nation. in fine of the specialty the shops for them

You'll rewarding find such hobby... a richly never him the silent rapture hidden in the Spread in greased 9-inch cake pan. returns in beauty, fashion one that and so much

twilight, of things, heart deepening gifts usefulness. these customwonderful what And sugar, nuts Sprinkle with and brown

knits All of you need wool make. dawn. and lifting Show him at 400 F. for a love cinnamon. about Bake rest, automatically.is a ball the. Expe-.. the does Knitomat No

knit rience the first time Necessary. You can you for the stars and joy for night that 20 minutes. It knitting to your Knitomat. is automatic sit down

at its best. More than a million satisfied customers. brings them. Let all his life be a

Write for FREE literature beautiful adventure, an everchang- Luncheon Biscuits—18 biscuits

KNITOMAT GUILD, Room 160 ing panorama of nature's gifts.

2843 West 7th Street, Los Angeles 5, California 483 Bloor Street West, Toronto, Canada 2% cups basic mix 1 cup condensed cream of mushCOMPENSATION room soup

Vi cup shredded mild American by Delia Adams Leitner cheese FILMS! well. to basic mix, mix Add soup scene in autumn DEVELOPED & PRINTED A barren

roll half, in half each dough suddenly Then the snow Divide n a until lightly floured board breathtaking beautyon A onehalf Sprinkle inch thick. about o M "f JV JUMBO BestowedBleak hills and rocks aglow

'E>p With glistening white and silver, onehalf with cheese. Place other

<:T 35 c No longer parched and bare, half on top of cheese. Cut with a

OLD PHOTOS Copied and Printed Nature's compensation biscuit cutter. Bake at 450 F. until for eWrGENEALOGY—60< each Her loveliness to share. brown. Delicious served with a

Moneyback Guarantee!

PHOTO SAMS 1115, Dept. LABLakeCity /JJt:< AA, SaltJP. O. Box

58 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA fruit salad, or served topped with creamed tuna or chicken.

Dinner Dressing Biscuits

2 cups basic mix 2 teaspoons chopped onion 3 tablespoons chopped celery 1 tablespoon butter Vz teaspoon poultry seasoning % teaspoon celery seeds % cup water

Saute onion and celery in butter, cool, and add to dry ingredients.

Add water and mix with fork until dough follows fork around bowl.

Turn out on lightly floured board.

Knead gently about five times. Roll

to onehalf inch thickness. Cut with

biscuit cutter and place on ungreased baking sheet. Bake at 450 F. for

about ten minutes.

John Mooney's "Ob servation Ward"always provides a chuckle or bit of sage advice to readers of his "Sports Mirror"column.

For example: "Championships are

won by players who believe it DOES make a difference if you won or lost."

But because John knows well so many ON BEING A LADY people in the sports world, his column

Kind Heart and Kind Tongue is considered a "must"by many sports

How long has it been since you fans. He can praise, or analyze—but

said an unkind word to someone? always in a sportsmanlike way.

One hour, a day, a week? Have you

ever lived a whole month without /j For those "extras"in sports news saying an unkind thing? To be a coverage read John Mooney and

lady you must have a kind heart and also a kind tongue—be gay, be other top sports columnists in...

witty, yes, but never at the expense of someone else. A truly kind perfbt alt $akt fribun c

JANUARY I960 59 is your education son never says anything about anyHeavenly Father. Her kindness and

one she would not want said about sweetness and goodness shine out herself. and draw others to her. She lives OUTBATEB? We have been told so often to keep the Golden Rule, and she considers

the commandment, "Thou shalt not others always, before she thinks of steal."It is important. Most of you herself. She is a lady.

would never steal anyone's wallet, Never be ashamed of the Church!

gloves, or jewelry, but would you A boy in California once told me steal something far more valuable, this story. He said he was in a large

something that cannot be replaced lecture room of one of the large in a hundred years—a reputation? northern California universities, and

That is what happens when you one day during class the professor gossip. You take something beyond started talking about Mormonism.

price and never, never can you put As he talked, a young girl stood up it back. A lady does not gossip. By in the middle of the room and said,

the way, I don't know of a boy who "Pardon me, but what you are saying doesn't squirm and actually back is not true. I'm a Mormon, and I

away from a girl who gossips and know."The teacher stopped and

says unkind things about others. A apologized and said, "Tomorrow you

truly popular girl is kind in word may have time in class to put me

Please send a free HOME STUDY catalog to: and deed. Be known as a kind perstraight."This boy said he had never

son—not gooey sweet, but thoughtful, been so proud of anyone in his life

Name sincere, and friendly. Then you as he was of this courageous girl.

Address can't miss having loads of friends. And he soon found opportunity to

City State Along with this, be spiritual. By get wellacquainted with her.

Send to: HOME STUDY this I mean really to live your reWe are beginning a new year.

Adult Education and Extension Services ligion every day of the week. There Resolve to be kind, to be thoughtful

Brigham Young University is a beautiful glow to a girl who of those you are with, and to be a

Provo, Utah keeps the commandments of her real lady.

FOLDKBNG

Melchizedek Priesthood throughout childhood to live to be worthy of a mission.

(Continued from page 51) F. Teach the importance of temNO. K-3 TABLE together, and worship together. ple marriage. This can begin as a

Here parents may set forth family family tradition while children are

FOLDING TABLE LINE and Church standards of conduct: yet young, and may be a guide and

TRUCKS committees, FOR Kitchen social A. Teach mutual respect for each a protection to them during the TABLES, CHAIRS Directfrom- groups, attention!

prices discounts factory period, up teenage teaching to other as family members. them—

Churches, to 40 r f.—terms. selfishness, treat live of entering to be the worthy B. Eliminate all Schools, and Clubs, Lodges

orj;.ni/.alions. Our new Moneach other as real brothers and House of the Lord.

roe Folding I960 FoldKing are unmatched Tables Banquet entire of the importance The sisters. Live the Golden Rule in the

quality, convenfor MODELS. 7

jointly family attending and ward ience appearhome. ROLLING. handsomedurability, and SMOOTH,

EASY HANDLING, STORAGE. ance. 68 Models and sizes. C. Emphasize the clean life and stake events is all important. FamiFREE—BIG 1960 CATALOG its relationship to home and outside lies should go to Church—together.

trucks, choirs, toble line tobies, Color pictures. Full ond choir year. activities, including friendships and A child sent to Church by parbulletin boards. partitions, 52nd platformrisers, portable

THE MONROE CO., 249 Church St., Colfax, Iowa dating and "the gang."ents who remain home can hardly

D. Teach family worship: be expected to maintain his inter-

—At home: family prayer, blessing est. Most children want to do what

...OPPORTUNITY... ontithing,the food,fasting,Wordfastof Wisdom,offering, theirformativeparentsyears.do, atIf leastparentsduringgo fishthe

join to GENEALOGICAL TO EUROPE brotherly kindness, honesty. ing on Sunday, the children will TOUR

SUMMER 1960—In the ward: participation in probably wish to go also. If parents

leaving New York on the meetings and other activities. go to Church, it is not difficult to

Queen Mary May 11 E. Promote in the mind of each bring the children along.

leaving England on the boy the ideal of going on a mission When Church activity becomes a

Queen Mary July 24 at the proper age. Many families part of family routine, when it is the

TO YORK AIR NEW OR RAIL to thing setting and expected assist in this thinking up a customary by THE RT. SHIP QUEENS ON fall into children do, most young both savings where plan""mission RAILEUROPE UNLIMITED

PASSION PLAY parents and son save a little each the custom easily and without reFor Details Write... week or month toward that objecsistance. Soon it becomes a habit

CHRISTOPHERSON Travel Service tive. It forms a constant reminder for them.

"Big"John Weenig Box 144 Provo, Utah

.

When the home becomes an inte- $AVE with SAFETY MM gral part of the Church, and the Save at AMERICAN SAVINGS where

Church becomes an integral part of your dollars earn the highest return conthe home, the two work together sistent with safety. You avoid speculativewith teamlike precision. The obrisks, too. Every account is protected by j#&-w

jectives of both are accomplished. ample reserves, 37 years of service, plus INSURED

children andBoth parents are conINSURED to $10,000 by an agency of the principles, gospel to theverted Government. are Federal respect confidence, andmutual

Start saving regularly, today! is prefamilyestablished, and the

served, not only for this life, but also for eternity as well.

(AtM/umri Sawujfd

HOME OFFICE: 63 South Main, Salt Lake City 11, Utah

Music in the Classroom 3555 MarketGRANGERStreet, SaltOFFICE:Lake City 4, Utah 2186 HighlandSUGARDrive,HOUSESalt OFFICE:Lake City 6, Utah

(Continued from page 35) HONOLULU DIVISIONAL OFFICE: 915 Fort Street, Honolulu, Hawaii

KAIMUKI OFFICE: HILO OFFICE:

1142 - 12th Avenue, Honolulu, Hawaii 109 Waianuenue Avenue, Hilo, Hawaii always try marching to the music.

If he can march to it, then 2/4 or 4/4 time is indicated. Any hymn in

which the rhythm is felt in groups of two or four may be lead in this COAT and HAT RACKSmanner, even if the time indicates for every Church need 'WORKiNG'i 4 ft. ventilated(S-4-CT) Checkerettehat shelves proand6 beats to the measure as in "It Came Avides

upon a Midnight Clear."Musicians either 24 coat hangers or 32 coataccomplished in their field may smile ettehooks.of equalA doublelength(D-4-CT)accommodatesCheckerMEN

at this simplification, but the method 48canonbehangerssetupor anywhere64 on hooks.or Bothdisin less than a minute assembled for most hymnwill workable be

be tools, bolts can or nuts, without in occasionally willmusic. Only chairs, or folding like our stored

music, such as in "Come, Come Ye standCheckeretterigid forcomesyears.on largeThe castersdouble

Saints,"will the beat pattern need forassembled.easy movementCheckeretteswhencanit beia to change during the singing. The assembled "high"for robes or vestor for wraps adult "normal"ments, easily can directorinexperienced Checkerette children. for "low"with in 4 ft. 2, 3 and come Wall Racks little forecompare ZOOM with a handle this, too, to up accommodate lengths and will

foot. per running hats and thought. at oatmeal, or any other ho+ wall on are mounted 12 coatsThey Because of the smallness of their for age each heights proper

will CTfor Bulletin 690 cereal and ZOOM other these and number, some groups may hesitate group. Writeshowing

singing. The into group to enter choice! Your be patient be then must teacher modernCOMPANYSt.steel wardrobe units. and VOGELPETERSONRt. 83 and Madison will good than wise. harm More Illinois Elmhurst, INSTANT COOKING Faster cooks to sing, forcing someone by be done

for he who is forced not only builds tOaW-O-W-UV-O-MB-O-OHB-O* K)4n<)()W>ll(>4<H than QUICK...

participation resistance toward a up generally. music towards also but YEARS for SEVENTYFIVE IN USE 100* the on confidence and Enthusiasm % tastesthanBetterGOOD! simple of Canker, in treatment Aids suffishould be leader the of part WHOLE WHEAT UREAL mouth minor other throat sore and singing. people get most to cient irritations. throat and is available, player record If a

some enlivening things may be done.

recordings are possibilities Some New REMEDY HALLS to the related productions from City, Utah HOMEIMPORT ideas. or A and its history Church nn['-wciwSalt Lakehihbi::h of Mormon the Book studying class BUSINESS! 1 you show—Women. Men We LeRoy excerpts from well use might bigprofit items to import how suitable Typewriters Ora15 Inch prices Mormon foreign Book Robertson's low amazing Of J. ri* at left). at home Your (examples Song Cundick's Robert or torio, Dr. work for Genealogy list Imis office. 157 of Get your

spare time Full or pioneer of the FREE! study Save from to 60% 25% of Nephi. A on Factory rebuilts. 'i ports take Order. Or business by Mail for free literature. Write to All turn well could stores. Imimmigration from orders volume

sporting clothing, jewelry, port Sand from TYPEWRITERS to music or SCHREYER West Faces etc. EXPEhardware, goods, NO Salt Lake City 11, Utah So. State 757 IN PRODmight course INVESTMENT RIENCE OR Another Shoes. their in

obligation Without NEEDED. UCTS other or Messiah of the examples details use complete for today send Clocks 65i FREE! Air list imports of 157 and

in Germany over us reaches The mail for announcement Watch value $5 night.Westwood, Co., 1717 Mellinger

of 1959 index in U.S.A. Dept.C1651.Los Angeles 24, Calif.

JANUARY 1960 61.

works by Handel, Bach, Mozart. A Students may request popular

class might also be benefited by a music when they see that the teacher recording of the older Gregorian is interested in guest performers.

chant. Not much is known about While the students are usually sinmusic of Old and New Testament cere, the music requested very often

times, but numerous examples of is inappropriate and not in good

Biblical texts have been set to music. taste. What constitutes good taste

Some of these are obvious in the in music? Generally, one should

in the use of recordings in class are to say, what the performer is trying MISSING above references. The possibilities know what the composer was trying

SOMETHING? limitless,the least andpreparationthey provideproblemperhapsand orto convey,feeling ofwhatthethemusicgeneralis, howattitudeapare often most rewarding. propriate the words and rhythm are,

Something IS missing in your a life if you're not using NEO- "Love at Home

LIFE WITH EXCLUSIVE TREEN-EN RESEARCH GRAIN Richard L. Evans

BASE, the only whole food supplement with ALL FOUR In commenting on the complex problems of people—

ingredients vital to good the breaking of homes and families, the emotional health and proper nutrition: THE upsets, the disillusionment and discouragement—an

1 recently suggested three short VITAMINS WORDSPOKEN able physician

MINERALS questions that could be asked to indicate how well

AMINO ACIDS a particular person might adjust to the troubles and tensions that

ESSENTIAL LIPIDS most of us might be expected to meet somewhere along the length

Get NEOLIFE today and find of life: If the patient or the person can answer "yes"to these three

new health and happiness questions, he is probably not seriously neurotic, this professional love said: love parents other? each 2) Did they source your "1) Did nature's perfect food with 1

If their the parents?"their children love the children? 3) Did

is a supplement! NEOLIFE

is "yes,"sincere questions a solid short three and to these answer food, not a medicine, and is is likely that many if not most of life's emotional problems canit available only through ausolidly be met and solved. This we offer as evidence of some things

thorized distributors. most to be thankful for: Among the blessings of life, for which there

are you interested in isthereasonlove andfor surpassingloyalty of gratitudefamily. Whateverare the companyelse a manand confidence,may have,

a profitable career? if these he doesn't have, life is a duration of less than much it might

distributors needed have been. With an understanding family, life is made up of many

things: the closeness of companionship; the give and take, the

Open the door to a more sharing with, and caring for; the discipline; the acting as we are;

profitable and rewarding cathe saying what we mean—and sometimes seeming to say what we

reer. Be a NEOLIFE distribudon't mean, the sometimes taking much for granted, the sometimes

tor and realize unlimited fiseeming indifference, which isn't actually indifference—but quickly

nancial success while helping turns to deep concern in time of need, in time of trouble; the going,

others to a happier way of the returning, with diversity of interests; the sense of belonging;

life. Just fill out and mail the the unforgettable feelings of affection; the unforgettable mixture

coupon below ft fjl of memories that hold tight our hearts, and strongly pull us back, all is this this all this family, are—is home, all wherever and we

at mentioned: ever love than of can home. be Love for full details. | / more The

=*&- parents. The love of children. The love of loved ones for one

another. These are among the greatest of the gifts that God has Neo given—these things more precious than ever adequately we could

be thankful for—these things recalled by the Choir in an old and

is sweetly sung: "There beauty all around hymn now *%<COMPAKY OF AMERICA cherished

is at love joy in every home. There sound When there's When

NEOLIFE CO. OF AMERICA there's love at home. Peace and plenty here abide, Smiling sweet

Fred Aildredge, Rt. 1, Box 333D, Sandy, Ut. on every side. Time doth softly, sweetly glide When there's love

. ] the name of the NeoLife at home...."

Please l J d; str jb utor in my area

*nd me details on my becoming "The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the a NeoLifefe distributor Columbia Broadcasting System, November 22, 1959. Copyright 1959.

Name 1Cited by Dr. Harold L. Snow, in quoting a professional associate.

Address.

City Zone State

62 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

is the time to reduceand whether the music leaves a good Now impression—religiously—upon the listener. An appalling amount of socalled popular religious music has

been written which is far from being religious in either content or performance. Ordinarily, the teacher

Control j* tell is suitable whether musiccan

Your Weight If therefor classroom. the is any

you have When question, a qualified ward or stake Reduce reached your person should be consulted. Above with sired weight, continuedeall, a teacher should never be afraid SURE MEAL to use one Sure Meal

/'once will this each day—facts the asto present he finds them It's sure! safe and help you to maintain a good /to the class. this diploIt calorie cuts do can your He nutritional f also balance help andmatically when his views are at intake—while maintainyou to keep the intake of calories

vigor ing your and hea'th control. If under gain with youvariance the class, those of with and

nutrition. proper through Sure cut one Meal, the you can the f time lead heat the same may

is scientifically a calories in Sure meals Meal ordinary your students to a wiser appreciation and planned food—nothing else! use two or three Sure Meals a dayor

of religious music.discernment short for to periods about or slowly reduce can You

control the you it I use can with Sure—bringwhen Meal You point, to this classroom music—rapidly Up there's countMeal no lost until have 3 times you a day you—want jhas considered mainly from been all for you! done part of the a all substantial V\ inguse or a Surecalories—it's

religious standpoint. can But music lose. to weight want you

also be used quite effectively for For best long range results use other purposes. From time to time Sure Meal twice a day with skim

a class enjoys a period of relaxation milk or powdered milk and have which, together with providing the day,one otheruntil youlow havecalorietakenmealoff eachthe obvious outlet for youthful energy,. weight you wish to lose.

may be directed into constructive avenues. A study of the pioneer

immigration to Zion would be greatly "spiced"by the introduction of typical pioneer songs which could be learned by the class. Feel \ "*"Save Money

Better less costs Sure Meal ordithan the in of the use classroom music The y it nary replaces, meal at the andis weight restricted the not I agegroup no had by time, same can sure you the be I enbut problem, \ \ class.of preespecially the Music will meal nutritiously be sound.. just Meal Sure joy for the serving Schoolpared of Sure Sunday Junior One oz. Meal (% I use it's good. because

1 mixed with when of cup milk, that the the Primary showsand regularly it breakfast for will furnish the individual normal along drink as a their folk in sometimes enjoy music andyounger with the essential food elements to It helps meals. other with my toclasses. has be proved The same for one complete consisting meal essential the with body supply my inof in meat, vegetables,true seminaries, the bread and butMIA, and minvitamins and elements, food

ter, and beverage. astitutes of the Teenagers Church. pep. for more I needed erals that

in their early twenties thoseand—you

daily music. "I feel better with Sure Meal."canIf youaffordcan SUREafford MEAL!to eatappreciate the use of

Older groups are equally responsive to music in the classroom. Age, >*.

therefore, is certainly no deterrent to the use of music in the classroom.

The teacher who uses music successfully will find satisfaction in doIf you just want to try SURE MEAL, senjt for the 20meal size. But if you

ing something a little different, and have a lot of weight to lose, order the economical 40meal size at only $9.00,very rewarding. He may spend

many hours searching available or the case of 6-40meal containers for only $45.00.

sources and preparing for the class, but when he sees the appreciation and growth which result, he is compensated for his labors. The Lord

has said: "... the song of the rightDon Lyman & Associates I may be interested in selling SURE MEAL

East me, unto is a prayer and iteous 10th So. shall 472

City, Utah Free Delivery Phone EM 3-9674 Salt Lake blessing a with upon answeredbe their heads."(D&C 25:12.) With Please send

this as a guide to using music in his SURE MEAL Name, classroom, the teacher can be assured 20 Meal Size $ 4.75 Q

a satisfying experience and of the 40 Meal Size 9.00 Address

Lord's approval. 6-40 Meal Size (Case).... 45.00 Q

Vanilla Defatted Chocolate City and State

JANUARY I960 63 The Last Word

E3B

I have three precious things which I hold fast and Friendship is the only cement that will ever hold prize. The first is gentleness; the second frugality; the the world together.

third is humility, which keeps me from putting myself before others. Be gentle and you can be bold; be

frugal and you can be liberal; avoid putting yourself The saddest story of the month is about the fellow

before others and you can become a leader among who decided to increase his vocabulary by learning men. three new words each day. After a week, nobody

—Laotze. knew what he was talking about.

A learned man has always wealth within him. No one is rich enough to do without a neighbor.

Benjamin FrankYour Shoulder to the Wheel"on Sunday morning lin had Poor Richuntil the week's activities close late Saturday night, ard's Almanac say the life of modern man is filled with wheels. And it

in 1737: "The worst is almost a universal truth that the wheel that is doing

wheel on the cart precisely the task that it was intended to do seldom makes the most gets into trouble or makes excessive noise.

noise."Five years

earlier, Thomas Fuller wrote: "He

who greases his wheels helps his There are more than 1,000 women in the United oxen."From the States who have taken up the law. There are several

time we sing 'Put million other women who lay it down.

"What's your name?"the housewife asked the delivery boy. Life is no brief candle to me. It

"Ford,"replied the lad. is a sort of splendid torch which I

"And your first name?'have got hold of for the moment,

"Henry."and I want to make it burn as

"Henry Ford, eh?"remarked the woman. "That's brightly as possible before handing

a pretty wellknown name."it on the future generation.

"It ought to be,"he replied. "I've been delivering—George Bernard Shaw.

groceries around here for two years now."

It seems incredible—thirtyfive million laws, and Sympathetic Person: "What's the matter, little boy?

no improvement on the Ten Commandments. Are you lost?"

Little boy, sobbing: "Yes, I am. I shoulda known

A house is just a place to stay, a floor and roof above losinbetter'nsomethin'!"to come out with Grandma. She's always

it; and it will always be that way until the day you

love it. A mansion it could be, or shack, but home

it's not a minute; the builder should just take it back—If you think that old soldiers just fade away, try

unless your heart is in it! getting into your old army uniform.

A person soon learns how little he knows when a There is almost always a tie between father and child begins to ask questions. son—and the son usually wears it.

64 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Good news for the New Year!

THE WEST'S MOST SAVINGS PLAN

BRINGS YOU Startfor yourthe '60'sfuture.off rightIt's easywith toa savingssave whenplan

you plan for it. Simply open a savings

HIGHEST EARNINGS account now at Deseret Federal... then

save a predetermined amount regularly

WITH COMPLETE from each pay check. As little as $5.00 per week mounts up fast. Add to this

Deseret Federal's high earning rate of 4%

SAFETY! compounded semiannually and you'll be

surprised to see how quickly savings grow.

You'll have cash for the down payment on a new home... a paid up college education for your children... cash for a new

car, home furnishings or any other item you desire. Give your family the assurance of a planned, secure future by saving now.

4 MOST IN LEADERSHIP Over 54 years of experience and sound management by men of integrity.

4 MOST IN SAFETY Each account is insured to $10,000 by a United

States Government agency, and even further secured by Deseret Federal's more than $1,200,000 reserves.

4 MOST IN EARNINGS 4% current dividend rate, compounded semiannually.

The highest rate paid consistent with safety.

4 MOST IN CONVENIENCE Two locations (Salt Lake City and Provo) convenient downtown parking, longer office hours and free saveby-mail plan.

SAVE BY MAIL

Enclosed is my remittance of $ with which to

DESERET FEDERAL openNAMEmy savings account. Please send my Pass book by return mail.

in ink) SAVINGS & LOAN ASSOCIATION (Please type or print

HOME OFFICE: 44 South Main, Salt Lake City, Utah ADDRESS

BRANCH OFFICE: 160 N. University Ave., Provo, Utah CITY STATE.

Please send direct mail forms too!

Joseph E. Kjar, President Clarence H. Tingey, VicePresident

Some plain talk for family heads:

How Well Have YOU Provided?

LDS families have been urged repeatedly to store up food, clothing, and other supplies for time of possible need.

This counsel is good.

Wise family heads also store up dollars against future needs. And the best way for

most families to do this is through life insurance. By investing a few dollars each month

in life insurance premiums, you can immediately create a very sizable financial estate that will provide for the future needs of your family if they should some day be deprived of your regular income. Can

you think of any better or more economical way to provide this "substitute salary that your family some day may need? If not, then mail

the coupon below, or call your

Beneficial agent—soon! A

variety of new Beneficial Life

Insurance plans offers greater benefits at less cost than ever before.

)ept. E1059

Jeneficial Life Insurance Co.

Seneficial Building ialt Lake City, Utah 'lease send information about the following plans—

vith no obligation, of course.

1 Planned Futures Ji'amily Benefactor Plan BENEFICIAL IIEE 2 Commercial Whole Life J Other feme. ompanu

Street or R. F. D Virgil H. Smith, Pres. Salt Lake City, Utah

jity Zone....State.