n mz$M

Dedicating the Temple ELDER RICHARD R. LYMAN

Book of Mormon Custody ELDER MELVIN J. BALLARD

Tobacco and Humanity II—L. W. OAKS, M. D.

Spirit of Christmas irvin l. warnock. ida stewart peay.

d. c. retsloff. a henderson

The Miracle of Joseph Smith frank c. steele

The Tithe of the Land ida w. brown

IF ILATiriEK: AHr gAOMTg IIm

VACATION TIME SPECIAL WINTER EXCURSION FARES via Southern Pacific Lines TO LOS ANGELES AND RETURN BOTH WAYS VIA

SAN FRANCISCO $50.50

TO LOS ANGELES VIA SAN FRANCISCO RETURNING

DIRECT OR ROUTE REVERSED $58.00

Proportionately low fares from all other points in UTAH, IDAHO and MONTANA

STOPOVERS ALLOWED AT ALL POINTS

TICKETS ON SALE DAILY—FINAL RETURN LIMIT, EIGHT MONTHS

For further information CALL, WRITE or PHONE

PRESS BANCROFT, GENERAL AGENT 41 SO. MAIN ST. SALT LAKE CITY

PHONE WASATCH 3008—3078

Garments LDiS

at prices direct from factory to you For Ladies By ordering garments direct, For Men No. 81—Plat you save agent's commission Weave...$.85 and thus get better quality No. 92—Ribbed

Lt. and send 1.25 number Wgt

ure, height and No. Fine.... 1.50 fit.weight—webust measNo.Extra93—Ribbed guarantee the Quality83—Fine CotNo. ton 925—Med. 1.50 Specify or style. OLD NEW 1.75 Light Wgt No. Light 862—Fine weights usually made Mercerized No. with short sleeves legs, and 97—Med. % Lisle 1.95 Silk Wgt. according to Temple pattern. No. 1.95 Stripe 822—Silk weights Heavy regularly made Stripe, Med.

sleeves with long and long No. 975—Med. 1.50 Wgt

legs. Garments 15c marked, Wgt... 1.75 No. Heavy 821—Extra extra. a pair prepay Silk Fine We 9107—Wool Stripe 1.95 all S. No. to parts of postage U.

Cotton No. 4.00 826—FineSilk.... 2.95 Samples on request Mixtureand Rayon

SALT LAKE KNITTING STORE 70 Main St., Salt Lake City

"Oldest Knitting Store In Utah"

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

AN OPPORTUNITY FOR SELF IMPROVEMENT

IS OPEN TO YOU ENROLL FOR THE WINTER QUARTER AT

Brigham Young University DECEMBER 5 TO MARCH 9

Scores Of Courses In The Fields You Like Await You

The Winter Quarter is ideal for study as well as for social activity.

During that quarter the basketball season, the dramatic season, the operatic season, and the dance season are in full swing;. Leadership

Week in January gives the "Y"students an opportunity to make important contacts.

Write for Information PROVO, UTAH

No substitute for Life Insurance can be found until you find a Remedy for Death Our modern upto-date contracts afford complete protection.

Our insurance in force including the Double Indemnity feature has passed the $38,747,867 mark

Our Premiums and Interest Income now total between

SEVEN AND EIGHT HUNDRED THOUSAND DOLLARS

PER ANNUM InterMountain Life Insurance Company

J. 0. CARTER, President

Home Office, Twelfth Floor Continental Bank Building Salt Lake City. Utah

A few intelligent men to enter the salesmanship field desired

Thorough instructions given

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

THE WINTER QUARTER AT THE UTAH AGRICULTURAL COLLEGE

Will Open Wednesday, January 4, 1928

New and Continuing Courses will be offered in the Schools of:

AGRICULTURE EDUCATION ARTS AND SCIENCE ENGINEERING COMMERCE HOME ECONOMICS

Many beginning courses will be given in the Winter

Quarter particularly in the Schools of Agriculture and

Engineering.

A course leading to the degree in forestry is now offered at the College.

The College is on the accepted list of the Association of American Universities, which fact establishes the high scholarship of the Institution.

Write for Catalogue and Information

Utah Agricultural College LOGAN, UTAH

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS. PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT BRA

EMENTS

in 1. states League that a deposit of fossils a hunt for NoTobacco Tobacco Tracts—The

leafthe of Mountains House Utah, lost of onepage for 50 a large edition printedhas lets on "Why Smoke, Anyway,""A Stupid years has been ended by an amateur collector,

Slavery,""Tobacco vs Thrift,"and "SmokeFrank Beckwith of Delta, Utah, who has less Breathing Air."They are brief, terse, sent the collection to the Smithsonian Inpungent. These leaflets should be put in the stitute at Washington. The deposit, reported

hands of every child and young person. A by a pioneer western geologic survey, a half

2c stamp will bring samples. The League century ago. had been sought unsuccessfully

will appreciate the cooperation of all who befor many years by the late Dr. Charles D.

lieve in their motto: "Let us keep the young Walcott, a leading scientist, and the institufolks clean from the blight of nicotine. Let tion's secretary. The deposit is of fossil

Secrewas the dominant life of the sea many million—Addressus teach theChas.youthM.theFillmore,truth aboutGeneraltobacco."trilobites, a shelled invertebrate animal which

tary, 821 Occidental Building, Indianapolis. years ago. They completely disappeared at

Indiana. about the time the coal deposits in the eastern

In this connection Dr. Oaks'closing article, United States were laid down. Dr. Walcott

"Tobacco and Humanity,"in this number, believed that life had existed on the earth at will interest you. Nothing more remarkable a much earlier period than had been supposed,

could be said on the subject. and the trilobites furnished his principal evidence.

The Spirit of Christmas is illustrated with touching power in the story for young high Mr. Beckwith, well known to the readers

school and college men by Irvin L. Warnock. of the Improvement Era, informs us that the

in this number: and by Ida Stewart Peay, in little strip of land which had been for so

her characteristic style exemplifying this same long "lost"is about ten feet wide by about spirit among the common people. Both will a hundred feet long. He stumbled onto it by

make the reader resolve to spend the Christmas luck, only, when hunting water. He says that

in the right way to provide real joy. tiny strip is the richest in fossils of that

geologic age of any place he has ever found.

Elder Melvin J. Ballard, in an illustrated Besides his own visits, he took to it Dr. Fred

article, in this number, calls attention to our J. Pack and Professor Asa A. L. Mathews of

binding power of promise as custodians of the the University of Utah, former Professor A.

Book of Mormon. The day is approaching R. Morris of the A. C. at Logan, also Charles

when we are to discharge that obligation. Kelly, an amateur collector of Indian relics.

There is need, therefore, that the young men He sent the Smithsonian Institution 3,300 shall realize the responsibility resting upon specimens of trilobites, in which number were to their isolation of outthem to come different be eleven species, possibly and one may

Israel. ofsaviors milof the House There are be later as determined that for one a new

lions of descendants of father Lehi. Their locality, not heretofore found in Utah. Mr.

hearts are to be touched by the power of the Beckwith will appear, in the January Era, in gospel of the Almighty until they shall be "The Wrangling of the Mountains."

brought to the light and knowledge of the truth. The youth of the Church are urged Dorothy C. Retsloff has written a number

to be prepared to discharge this holy duty. of stories and other communications for the

Improvement Era. Her story. "The Spirit of More literary style—"I congratulate you Love"in this number may be thought perupon the improvements in the November numhaps by some of the more mature people too

literaryber the Era. of taken It has a more on simple for grownups. think so. Those who

it.style, I like about thing which is one The are asked closing to ponder the paragraph.

cover design is typical and interesting, the "A little child shall lead them."we are told.

type is better, and the subject matter is all There are many who need the instruction.

good. Wish you would keep on developing The author says: "From the hills of Adult-

a literary style for the Era. it would be a big ville we many times learn lessons by walking

boost for obtaining the 50,000 subscription along the paths in the Valley of Childhood.

list which you want to reach. Of course, I It is a juvenile story for grownups."

would not try to alter its purpose in any way.

but merely to encourage a broader and finer Glen Perrins writes: "Congratulations! and

literary standard which would give to the Era I don't mean maybe. The new dress of the

an appeal to the strictly cultural taste."Era is great! That type, pictures, style, sure

Lamont Johnson, Missoula, Montana. catches the eye."

An associated press dispatch of November O. F. Ursenbach, a friend and an early

EDITORS'ANNOUNCEMENTS, CONTINUED

worker for the Improvement Era, in the days not only teaches the gospel of Christ, and its of its founding, sends us this from Los saving principles, and righteous living under its

Angeles. California: "May I express my coninfluence, but is also unselfishly, even as our

gratulations on the changes made in the Era. missionaries, aiding in the temporal developbeginning Volume 31. Really, it does not ment, and spiritual blessing of the pcopl? conseem that long since I had the privilege of cerned. Altcn Christenscn. secretary of the

working on the first prospectus of the magCollege, sends these words of encouragement azine, in connection with J. Golden Kimball."to the Era: "We receive the Era with hearty

Anent the message from the Maori Agriwelcome. Both the elders and the students

cultural College, Hastings. N. Z., in this issue, obtain satisfaction untold in the perusal of its

it must be confessed that this institution is pages. May your success be continued."Long

contributing beneficent service to the people life and increased power and usefulness to the in the islands of the seas. The institution Maori Agricultural College.

IMPROVEMENT ERA, DECEMBER, 1927

J. Ballard, Business Mgr. HEBER J. GRANT { Editors Melvin

EDWARD H. ANDERSON \ Moroni Snow, Assistant

The First Presidency of the Church - Frontispiece

Editor's Announcements 89A Baby Song --------A. ha Cox 91

Dedication of the Arizona Temple. Illustrated -

Elder Richard R. Lyman 93

A Missionary Mecca Daniel Johnson 100 - - - A. Schaeffer, Jr. 102For Sale—A Billion Christmas Seals

What is Your Boast?.A Poem - - - Bertha A. Kleinman 102

Our Duty as Custodians of the Book of Mormon. Illustrated

Elder Melvin J. Ballard 103

On "Keeping"Christmas A. Henderson 108

- - - L. Weston Oaks, M. D. 109Tobacco and Humanity—II.

The Spirit of Christmas. A Story - - - Itvin L. Wamock 1 1

The Spirit of Love. A Story - - - - D. C. Retsloff 125

Forgiveness. A Poem Gertie Gibbs 126 ------- Ida Stewart Peay 127Caddie Takes a Risk. A Story

GLEAMS OF HOPE. A POEM - Weston N. Nordgran 133

ChildMother Mary. A Poem - Grace Ingles Frost 1 3 4

Larry Larson, Specialist. A Story - - - Albert R. Lyman 1 3 5

Tithe of the Land. A Story - - - - Ida W. Brown 144

- Frank C. Steele 147The Miracle of Joseph Smith

Finis. A Poem Ezra J. Poutsen 148

- - - - - - W. E. Sadler 149The Scoop. A Story

IT'S THE VIM. A POEM Susan T. Jennings 152 ----- - - - 153Current Events

Outings. Illustrated - - - - - - - - 155

- - - - 158Messages from the Missions. IllustratedEditor's Table—Law Observance 164

Dependable Workers Wanted 165 'His Blood be Upon Us and Our Children."A Poem

- - E. Cecil McGavin 166

Priesthood Quorums - - - 167 169 - Helen Kimball OrgillFairest Visions. A Poem...

1 70 WorkMutual Passing Events 176 ------- Published monthly. Salt Lake City, Utah, $2 per annum. Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake

City, Utah, as second class matter. Acceptance for mailing at special rate of postage provided for in

section 1103, Act of October 3, 1917, authorized on July 2, 1918.

A Baby Song

Hear again that sweet old story But the world, in sin dejected,

Of a clear and holy night Never heard the Angel song,

When the angels sang in glory; And the light was unreflected

And a new star beaming By the souls submerged in bright wrong;

Made a pathway for a baby Jesus came unsung, unheeded

Out of golden gleams of light. By the blind and groping

throng.

Startled shepherds heard the singing, Even we, in sin and sorrow,

Clear as bells at Christmas Lightly heed each baby's ring, part, Sacred strains from Heaven, When the greatness of tobringing morrow

Tidings of a newborn King. Beats divinely in its heart.

Oh! What tribute for a baby, High or humble be its mission,

Who is such a little thing! It is still God's work of art.

Wise men wondered when they Every babe is not a Jesus;

sighted Every star is not so bright;

Radiant rays upon the earth. But the angels sing to please us.

From a star prepared and lighted And a new star blooms at

To proclaim a baby's birth, night

And to show with light from For each child that comes from

Heaven Heaven What a tiny babe is worth. With its little gleam of light.

And if we but look and listen,

We may hear an angel strain, Or a newmade star may glisten When our hope is on the wane Babies all bring light from Heaven,

And they do not come in vain.

Improvement Era

Vol. XXXI DECEMBER, 1927 No. 2

Dedication of the Arizona Temple

Mesa, Arizona, October 2326, 1927

By Elder Richard R. Lyman, of the Council of the Twelve

temple dedicated! This makes nine, eight ofANOTHER

which still stand. Built, completed, dedicated, by Latterday Saints, seven of these are used in sacred ordinance work,

for both the living and the dead.

The official visitors, fiftytwo in number, spent a day in Los

Angeles, the forenoon with officials of the Los Angeles stake, the noon hour with the California mission, and the afternoon under the direction of the Hollywood stake. The day came to a perfect

close, when, as guests of Mr. Sid Grauman, all were thrilled with

the impressive presentation of "The King of Kings."

Visions made realities in the new "Chinese Theatre,"pictures highly religious and with a most stirring appeal, the "Hallelujah

Chorus,"rendered as only a great orchestra and an immense choir can present these combined to make an ideal preparation for it—all

the dedication of the temple. We still hear those great words,

"King of kings and Lord of lords, and he shall reign forever and ever!"After a few hours of rest, in the day time, and one night of dreams in Mesa, we arose with the throngs of people in the midst of a scene of unrivaled beauty, the center of which was the temple.

Says one Arizona paper: "Perhaps the greatest multitude ever

assembled in Arizona for a religious program, gathered at sunrise yesterday in Mesa."There were acres of people, estimated at from

five to eight thousand; within the temple there were twelve or

fifteen hundred, while in the ward chapels, and in the Mezona Recreation Hall were from three to six thousand more, all of whom heard the program through amplifiers.

As the eyes of these thousands turned toward the temple and

DEDICATION OF THE ARIZONA TEMPLE 95

the rising sun, they beheld the combined choirs of the Los Angeles and Hollywood stakes massed on the roof of the temple. They

might have exclaimed, "Who are these arrayed in white?".

Since it was through Jo3eph Smith the Prophet that this intense templebuilding spirit was awakened, it was fitting that at daybreak

Stephens'masterpiece, "The Vision,"should be sung on the roof of this newest and latest temple, erected in the name of the King of kings and Lord of lords.

Of this scene the Arizona Republican remarks: "A silvery

sun appeared radiant over the hazy mountains. The great choir

was standing. A hush settled over the multitude. A man raised

his arm, and to his leadership 150 voices rang out in an impressive song of praise to the Lord of the universe, while 5,000 members of a faith unique in the annals of man breathed silent prayers for divine blessing on a new temple. Then for two hours followed in

beautiful words and music the evermarvelous story of the boy

Joseph Smith, the boy who heard and saw many visions, who, according to the sacred story, received from his God divine revelation and inspiration which caused him to found the 'Mormon'Church."

At the sunrise service President Heber J. Grant expressed gratitude to the governors, who had always extended many courtesies;

to the newspapers for their elaborate editions setting forth the program of dedication; to the state government for the welcome

it had extended; and to those who were not members of the Church

who attended the services.

Then, in a short, intense address. Miss Lucile McMurrin

explained "The Vision."Had her voice been the voice of an "angel

flying through the midst of heaven, having the everlasting gospel to preach to every nation, kindred, tongue and people,"it could hardly have been more impressive. Her clearcut words fell distinctly upon the ears of the assembled thousands.

Then came the dedicatory service proper within the temple.

The words of President Anthony W. Ivins aroused deep emotion.

In his clear, mild, distinct voice and accurate language, he explained that he is an Arizona pioneer, having come with an expedition in 1875. There were no railroads and few settlers at that time. "Even

then,"he said, "I saw big possibilities for the establishment of an empire in this the Salt River Valley; but my fondest dreams have

been exceeded by its marvelous industrial development."For the

Church, for the downtrodden Lamanites, and for the world, he declared this day of dedication marks the beginning of important changes.

During the impressive prayer of dedication, delivered by Pres96 IMPROVEMENT ERA

ident Heber J. Grant, at the close of the remarks of President Ivins,

tears came to the eyes of many listeners, some of them not members of the Church.

The President invoked divine blessings on all mankind, on our country and its institutions. On behalf of the whole Church he

expressed profound thanks to the Giver of all good gifts for the blessings already received.

After remembering the general authorities of the Church he continued: "O Father, bless, we beseech thee, those who preside

over the stakes of Zion, and in all the wards and branches of the

Church, and over the various quorums of the Priesthood, whether the Melchizedek or the Aaronic. Bless those who preside over

the missions throughout the world, together with all thy servants and handmaids who have gone forth to proclaim to the people of the world the restoration to the earth of the plan of life and salvation.

"We pray that thy blessings may be upon the kings and rulers in all nations, that they may minister in justice and righteousness and give liberty and freedom to the people over whom they rule.

"We thank thee for this land of liberty in which we dwell, which thou hast said is 'a land choice above all other lands.'We are

grateful that thou did'st inspire the noble men who framed the

Constitution of our beloved Country, and we beseech thee that the principles of that document may ever be maintained; that contention and bitterness may cease, and that peace and patriotism,

love and loyalty, may prevail. * * *

"We beseech thee, O Lord, that thou wilt stay the hand of the destroyer among the descendants of Lehi who reside in this land, and give unto them increasing virility and more abundant health, that they may not perish as a people, but that from this t'me forth they may increase in numbers and in strength and influence, that all the great and glorious promises made concerning the descendants of Lehi may be fulfilled in them."

Perhaps no other part of the President's appeal to divine

Providence moved more deeply the feelings of his hearers than did his supplication for the youth:

"Keep the youth of thy people in the straight and narrow path that leads to thee; preserve them from the pitfalls and snares that

are laid for their feet. Oh, Father, may our children grow up in

the nurture and admonition of the Lord Jesus Christ. Protect them

from infidelity and unbelief, and give unto them a testimony of the divinity of this work as thou hast given it unto us. Preserve

them in purity and truth and lead them in the way of salvation.

"We dedicate the ground, and the building, with all the fur98 IMPROVEMENT ERA

nishings and fittings thereof, and everything pertaining thereunto, from the foundation to the roof, to thee, our Father and our God."

In all these services no moment was more thrilling than when, under the direction of Professor H. H. Otte the combined St. Joseph

stake choirs sang, with tremendous effect, the "Hallelujah Chorus,"the words; "King of kings and Lord of Lords, forever and forever,"

recalling the same great anthem in the Chinese Theatre at Los

Angeles.

On the concert program Tuesday night there were actually twentynine numbers. The performers came from all the stakes

of the temple Los Angeles, St. Johns, St. district—Hollywood,

with its choicestJoseph, Snowflake, Maricopa, and Juarez—each

and most expert musical performers so thoroughly prepared that there was hardly any reference to written words or music.

There were choruses by combined choirs led by different conductors of various wards and stakes. There were vocal and

instrumental solos, also readings and short addresses. The trumpet

did its part; there were sextets, quartets, duets, as well as solos.

We had reason to note the physical strength, the mental power, the artistic talent, and the efficient training of those who furnished numbers. A great night, a great occasion. Concerning it the

Arizona Gazette says:

"The roof of the temple became a shrine before which the offering of song was made. Across the fields of grain—dipping

triumphed. In the hearts of the older 'Mormons,'the—musiclow to the listening desert, and topping the hills of the borderland

music awoke and stirred vivid memories: but on the ears of the

younger generation, it fell like a bugle call of a militant march of progress. The bold, free spirit of the early land had served its

day; men and women bred of the same belief were creating a newer

spirit, and pledging their vows to 'carry on.'Suddenly on the air

there winged the song of an Indian prayer of praise and woman—a

hope and joy; as her voice died on the night, a Navajo Indian man

sang in his native tongue 'The Prayer of Supplication.'

"Few scenes in the present day could be more picturesque than that created by the dozens of wagons and buggies carrying the

Maricopa and Papago Indians to the service. All yesterday afternoon and late into the night the horses patiently stood while their

owners worshiped in many cases slept in peace on the silently—or

day of the Lamanites.grassy court. It was their day—the

"Huge amplifiers carried the voices out over the audience. The

out in perfectvoices of the hundred strong—rang choirs—three

unison, and the notes of the wind instruments and the piano were

X 21 > 100 IMPROVEMENT ERA

in splendid harmony. Even the least sensitized felt the poetry of the

it beat on restless wings, heard the call of the crusaders,evening—felt

and gloried with a great people in a magnificent achievement.

"Mesa became the city of the world last night. The nation

that 'Mormons'from all over America were there, andwasfeature—orwatching it, and flashes on the wire told of the important

all of Arizona could be found.

"The dedicatory services were like nothing that had been seen here before. No religious phalanx of the New World could

have more significance. The President of the five hundred thousand

'Mormons'of the world, Heber J. Grant, like no other dignitary

or prelate known, mingled with the audience and clasped the hands of 'Mormons'and those of other beliefs with like sincerity."

In four days, ten wonderful dedicatory services were held.

Eleven welltrained choirs furnished music. In one of the sessions,

two choirs sang. In each session, after giving the sacred "Hosanna"

shout, the choir, furnishing the music, sang Evan Stephens'"Hosanna Anthem."

The Celestial room, in which these choirs sang and in which the speakers and general authorities were seated, is located in the very top of the temple. When looking down the long stairway

which leads from this room of splendor to the temple entrance on the west, one had the feeling of being located near the top of a tall cone.

It was from this position that the choirs with telling effect sang in unison "Hosanna, to God and the Lamb! The House of the

Lord is completed."All present were filled with awe when the

choir continued singing the anthem while the audience sang the familiar hymn, "The Spirit of God like a fire is burning, the Latterday glory begins to come forth."

A Missionary Mecca Daniel Johnson, Book Commissarian, California Mission

The dedication of the Arizona temple, and, perchance, receive a ride from some brought the Saints from far and near to hospitable traveler. It is a wonderful opMesa, where it is located. With them portunity of preaching the gospel,

came also the missionaries laboring in the Wherever missionaries go, they take different mission fields. There were preswith them the spirit of preaching the gosent about 135, representing the California, pel: and so, on one of the street corners

Western States. Mexican, Central States, in Mesa, they congregated together on the

and the Northwestern States missions. nights of Saturday and Sunday and held

The missionaries traveled to the temple street meetings, gathering large crowds to by way of the train, automobile, and the listen to the gospel message expounded "Missionary Special,"socalled by the from the street corner as well as from the elders, when they travel on the highway temple.

"; - "3"U"i""9 "<* r -

:. & sT 5a "en: 3 p STSo.-.< en "H-P'os. 3 =- '2 n>; S

O re 0., 5 Q. -. 2. reCm! '.n - s 3

.. |.. n g-? o k- c? r. s a?. =. >

""'O3 a - 3 '<s - 'P "? 2. 2

!": oncn?"M?'M s 5r3

3 3O:.DmISo.? 3S

1 <"> "o:- T - 2 * 5 g 2 5. l-rl & W <! 1 ="5, m't- EL

3 V< I s *'I -= O"3o

,'O <2? 5*Z.">?3? P H! o'?4B":.D.":.--."en en - EJr "S3.?: 5:.??>?"

rpwHD2l"0SS.Pgnsnp?i>S.

3 < IzQ?""s<5-|"g*-3

! g.= re"en g

en- n:c S.OKen n P;?:I;:J."?::rf332<||g4B"Bg* wg:|

i: < 5. a jH 3 - p.?&--* s n- r g

,S?g. Pr"S - 05 n? J L. ng-g>kj? "n

li>nijtlgn?i>i

s'nnlpPspl-;- a-?"5- < t:. SSO-:. - B! p, 3 7:3|?l<.-8SP| n|||g |Sg'e

r|-8 s>|?!pEpiggpKgf??''B -c gp: g|2 f:i:;- "pl.p-ZK ")ii"rn""-q"8 8'iP 1'S 'r - B D g* B 3 O;j-!?S?:.'P

f -s.[7s S"2. 2 n o ffi r

re S3 = > 1:.n. K > S 3 Hgre g.2-g 5=S no5

B. Z.P-. E w S

3 r Pe. 5?, 2 P g.P-0;-5?SenP5--p ocrf:noI'P

3're "?i? -=g- enw J n

t,reO n gj;oo3c5-nr)<'

For Billion Christmas Seals Sale—A

By A. Schaeffer, Jr.

Few persons realize the magnitude of the mendously well worth while? But the seal

annual Christmas Seal Sale. Looking at a does far more than that. It is building in the

single seal, it is hard to realize that it is only present as well as for the future.

one of a billion and a half, which had to be The annual Christmas Seal Sale calls into printed a whole year in advance of the Decemaction a great band of volunteers who make ber sale. He who sees in the tiny symbol a wholehearted contribution of service that

merely a gay scrap of paper, a yearly reminder cannot begin to be measured in dollars and of an obligation to be met more or iess grudgcents, even though it represents so vast a sum ingly, is missing out on one of life's finest in money value alone. Think of what it

experiences, losing the conscious joy of having means to have this army of influential men a share in one of its greatest achievements. For and women taking personal charge in their

the Penny Christmas Seal, pledged to the various communities of the raising of funds wiping of the tragedy of tuberculosis, has with which to carry on the fight against tubercome to be a virbrant, vital force not only culosis and all preventable diseases. Think of

through the month of December each year, its educational value!

but through all the other months as well.

Think of the power of it! A tiny seal Here is a civic service of the highest type,

that costs but a cent. Strange weapon with service more farreaching than can ever be told

vfhich to fight the greatest of all disease foes, or known. It is a tremendous job which the

and yet in its apparent insignificance lies its Christmas Seal finances, and no one group can great strength. For even a child can buy a seal. carry it through successfully alone. It has

Even a child can share in its great work. a bearing on, a relation to, every effort that

Does not much of the power of the Christmas contributes to the building up of a community

Seal lie revealed in that casual phrase. If th? and state, for success in the fight for better

seal did no more than to impress on the child health inevitably means better home and workmind its message of "health for all."would it ing conditions and a healthier, happier citizennot be doing something great, something treship for the future.

What Is Your Boast What is your boast for deeds your sires have done,

What their renown?

scion and their son, What is your claim—their

Till, likewise, deeds of valor you have won

And handed down?

What is your right to genealogy

Of ages gone Your pride in genius and gentility,

Till you, the tptal and finality.

Have added on!

What is your vaunt of kindred and of folk

However good, If the weft and sinew of the oak.

You have renounced your title to evoke

A finer wood!

Mesa, Arizona. BERTHA A. KLEINMAN

Our Duty as Custodians of the Book of Mormon

By Elder Melvin J. Ballard, of the Council of the Twelve

i INprovementdirecting theAssociationsattention ofof thethe Churchmembersat ofthistheparticularMutual timeImtowards the Book of Mormon, in celebration of the hundredth anniversary of the plates having been delivered to the Prophet Joseph

Smith, we earnestly urge that our membership shall read the book.

Our slogan calls for a fuller knowledge of it, and by earnestly and prayerfully reading it a testimony of its divine origin will be obtained through the Holy Ghost.

We desire to impress upon the young people of the Church, as they read this sacred book, in search of a testimony of its divine authenticity, the fact that we are its custodians. That is a very

sacred responsibility. We must not only know that the sacred record

is true, but we must see that it shall go forward to its destiny.

What is the purpose and mission of the Book of Mormon?

The answer is clearly set forth in Mormon's preface, as found on the fly leaf of the Book of Mormon itself. It is there stated that

these plates were written and preserved "to show unto the remnant of the house of Israel what great things the Lord hath done for their fathers, and that they may know the covenants of the Lord, that also to the convincing of thethey are not cast off forever—And

Jew and Gentile that Jesus is the Christ, the Eternal God, manifesting himself unto all nations."

In the third section of the Doctrine and Covenants we find that the Lord has revealed to the Prophet Joseph Smith that the testimony that Jesus is the Christ must come "to the knowledge of the Lamanites, and the Lemuelites and the Ishmaelites, who dwindled in unbelief because of the iniquity of their fathers, whom the Lord has suffered to destroy their brethren the Nephites, because of their iniquities and their abominations;

"And for this very purpose are these plates preserved which contain these records, that the promises of the Lord might be fulfilled, which he made to his people;

"And that the Lamanites might come to the knowledge of their fathers, and that they might know the promises of the. Lord, and

that they may believe the gospel and rely upon the merits of Jesus 104 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Christ, and be glorified through faith in his name, and that through their repentance they might be saved."

All this, therefore, clearly indicates that the chief mission of the Book of Mormon is to bring to pass the conversion, redempt'on.

Typical Indians of the Great Andean Plateau of Bolivia and Peru.

There are Millions of Them

and restoration of this branch of the House of descendIsrael—the

ants of Lehi.

Now, when is the hour to come that this mission and responsibility is to be discharged? It was the anxiety of the prophet and

the early elders of the Church to carry the knowledge of the Book of

OUR DUTY AS CUSTODIANS OF THE BOOK OF MORMON 105

Mormon to the Indians of this country. The Prophet began the

work. It was carried forward by many missionaries. A few received

the message. Some have partaken of the blessings and privileges

of the gospel, but the masses of the Indians in this country, as well as in other portions of America, have not yet heard of the Book of

Mormon.

I remember my own contemplations upon the subject, many years ago, while engaged in missionary work among the Indians of

Montana. I recall having an opportunity to speak to some three

hundred of them, and while waiting for my translator there were many questions that came to my mind; one of them: Why had not

the Indians received the gospel before this time? The answer came

as clearly as anything I have ever received; the right time was not

yet come, for there were many things that had to be done by the hand of the Gentiles in preparing the Lamanites for the reception of the gospel. Many of the things that were to be accomplished were

manifest to me, and so I feel that the Lord has been working in preparing this branch of the House of Israel for the reception of the gospel.

While in South America, last year, I recall pondering upon this same subject and reading those precious words of promise concerning the restoration of Lehi's children. There came very clearly to me

then the conviction that the day of their redemption is approaching.

In the 45th section of the Doctrine and Covenants the Lord plainly reveals to the Prophet Joseph Smith the events of the latter days, and describes the introduction of the gospel as the beginning of the times of the Gentiles. Speaking of the House of Israel, in

the 25th verse of that section, he says:

"But they shall be gathered again, but they shall remain until the times of the Gentiles be fulfilled."

So that their hour was not to come until the times of the

Gentiles had been accomplished. The beginning of the times of the

Gentiles is clearly set forth as the time when the light should break forth, or the beginning of this gospel dispensation. In the 39th

verse it is stated:

"And in that generation shall the times of the Gentiles be fulfilled."

So, we are left to conclude that the generation that saw the light break forth should not pass away until the times of the Gentiles were concluded.

I am not saying how long a period a generation is. I recognize

that the Book of Mormon has generally referred to a hundred years 06 IMPROVEMENT ERA

as a generation, so that even though this may not be accurate, it is approximately correct. Therefore, are we not already in the

dawn of the times of the House of Israel? This does not imply

that when the time of the Gentiles is fulfilled that the gospel will not continue with the Gentiles to provide that the blood of Israel, still with them, shall be searched out, but a new day will dawn the day of Israel.

Other signs that indicate that this day is at hand may be found

Indians of South America. Shawls, Skirts and Other Clothing

Made by the Indians Themselves in the Book of Mormon, I Nephi 14, the whole chapter, wherein the

Lord describes to Nephi the events of the latter days, in the conflict that shall be between the great and abominable church and the

Church of Church. Also the war that should be poured Christ—this

out upon all nations, and that this would be a sign that the anger of the Lord is kindled against the mother of abominations, and when we saw these signs we would know that the day of Israel was at hand. Reading the 17th verse we find:

"When the day cometh that the wrath of God is poured out upon the mother of harlots, which is the great abominable church

OUR DUTY AS CUSTODIANS OF THE BOOK OF MORMON 107

of all the earth, whose foundation is the devil, then, at that day, the work of the Father shall commence, in preparing the way for the fulfilling of his covenants, which he hath made to his people who are of the house of Israel."

Another important event that signifies the closing of the Gentile period, and the beginning of the day of Israel, is found in those marvelous circumstances that have occurred in the land of Palestine.

The Lord himself predicted, Luke 21:24, that "Jerusalem shall be

trodden down of the Gentiles, until the times of the Gentiles be fulfilled."

Now the fact that the land of Palestine is no longer trodden down of the Gentiles, but has been freed from the hands of the oppressor, and that the day of its deliverance has come, is a sign that the prophecy is being fulfilled.

The Lord himself says that the first should be last, and the last should be first. In further explanation of that statement he

declares that he came to the Jews, first, in the meridian of time;

and, afterwards, the gospel went from them unto the Gentiles, but in the last days it would go to the Gentiles first. What for? To

find the children of Ephraim sifted and scattered among the Gentile nations. And after the work was accomplished, then the gospel

would go to the Jews and to the rest of the House of Israel.

Teaching the gospel to Israel is our duty and responsibility.

The day is approaching when we are to discharge it, hence the need of every young man and young woman in the Church being familiar with these great promises and realizing that the responsibility of being the saviors of the House of Israel rests upon us. Like Joseph

of old, we are to come out of our isolation to be the saviors of that

House of to feed them with the physical bread, as he Israel—not

did, but succor them with the bread of life. Greater things than

have ever heretofore been accomplished, more wonderful events than have ever, up to this day, transpired, are before this Church.

As the day approaches when those events will be consummated, let us be prepared.

So that, in knowing that the Book of Mormon is true, my anxiety is that the young people of the Church will also come to know what their responsibility is, and prepare themselves and be ready for the time when the Lord shall bring to pass the redemption of the House of Israel.

While in the midst of millions of the descendants of Father

Lehi, in South America, witnessing their bondage and the ignorance and darkness that has been over them, for lo, these many centuries, my heart was stirred! I felt like Moses in Egypt; I wanted to lead

108 IMPROVEMENT ERA

them out of bondage. I realize, however, that their deliverance can

only come by and through the gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ, but

I am firmly convinced that the day approaches when their hearts will be touched and the power of the Almighty will work upon them, and they shall be brought to the light and knowledge of the truth.

May the Lord prepare the young men and women of this

Church to discharge this holy obligation, and find them willing servants in his cause, that redemption may come to the whole of

Israel. May he speed that day!

On "Keeping"Christmas

thinking of the many different manners, in the manyWHILEdifferent lands, of observing Christmas day, I came to the conclusion that there is something better than the mere observance of Christmas that is "keeping"Christmas. day—and

To keep the day in the true spirit of the One whose birthday forget what we have doneit is, we must be willing—like him—to

for others, and let our thoughts dwell on what others have done for us.

Are we willing to forethink the needs of the little ones who are coming into the world every day in the year? To remember

the spent and lonely hearts of those who have seen many Christmas days? To stop wondering how true our friends may be to us, and

be a more true friend to them? To endeavor to understand and

appreciate the everyday folk about us? To burn up our ugly

hates and petty jealousies in the Yule fire, and to let its glow penetrate to every recess of our hearts, that others may see and be warmed? Are we willing to do this for day? a-day—Christmas

If so, then we are "keeping"Christmas.

And in addition, are we willing to radiate the belief that Love is the greatest thing in the than great world—greater evil—sothat even the grave cannot smother that he who was born it—and

on Christmas day, kindled the fire of eternal Love, on earth, that we might keep it brightly burning? Then we are really "keeping"

Christmas. not every And if we can keep one day—Christmas day—why

day, and for always?

A. Henderson

Tobacco and Humanity By L. Weston Oaks, M. D.

II.

Effect Upon the Nervous System. energies so necessary to the living of a

The writer was recently consulted by a normal, sane life.

man of thirtyfive years, who came beFrom a habit standpoint, the curious cause of lossof hearing and severe attacks and in a sense appalling thing about the of dizziness. He also complained of contobacco habit is the fact that no one has

stant head noises and extreme nervousness. ever taken its use up, in the first place,

His lack of nervous control showed itself because of a craving for it. In the words

in trembling of hands, fluttering of eyeof Dr. A. Abrahams of London:

lids, restlessness and unreasoning irritability "Unlike other drugs, the ingestion of which of temper. Careful examination of this induces a drug habit, tobacco is not taken in

patient, from the standpoint of his loss of the first instance to satisfy a natural or an hearing and vertigo, elicited such bizarre unnatural craving. On the contrary, in all

cases a deliberate attempt is made to acquire the responses in many instances, that no defhabit, in nearly all cases the attempt is followed inite conclusion as to the site of the trouble by the most unpleasant consequences; and

and its cause could be arrived at. Some in not a few cases tolerance is established only

of the features of the situation suggested after a persistent effort which may last for that there might be a drug factor in his months."

case; and he was again questioned closely It would almost seem as if Nature

as to his habits of life. This time the had set her heart against this poison being

fact was brought out that he smoked a introduced into the body, and used every great many cigarettes every day; and that means of repulsing it. Then, when the

he had already suspected this was responsiperverse human forces it upon her, she is ble for his illness. When asked why he compelled to organize factors to resist its

did not stop them, he replied, with deepest effects. These forces, once brought toanguish in his tone: gether, constitute what we recognize as

"My God, I can't quit. I've tried and the tolerance of a man's system to the drug.

tried; but it's no use. I'd die without Once established for a narcotic substance,

them."this power to combat it must be used if the

Here was a young man, endowed at individual is to be comfortable. If the

the beginning with a strong body, a keen poison which created the tolerance is not mind, a steady hand for his work, and a supplied, to keep it subdued through accheery, attractive personality. In the space tivity, it then proceeds to act as a

of only a few years, the tobacco habit had burning brand applied to the nervous changed him to one physically infirm, unsystem; and either the drug must be obable (as he said) to render dependable tained or the toleration overcome before

calculations in his work, unsteady of hand, any comfort can be had.

restless at night and unreasoningly irascible. Actually, application of a narcotic

Can one imagine a more systematic or poison to delicate sensitive nerve cell sardonic wrecking of life, without insanity protoplasm sets up an irritability, which or physical destruction? must be constantly benumbed by the poiThe plight of this not uncommon case son that induced it. As time goes on and

is related a9 a concrete illustration of two poisoning proceeds, this1 unnatural fretthings that tobaccoism does to the human fulness grows, until, if unappeased by its nervous system. First, its ungovernable drug, it will possess and occupy the inpower to create a desire for itself, and to dividual's every thought. It becomes in

thereby perpetuate a habit. Second, its inreality an unforgetable pain of such severevitable destruction of those vital nervous ity as to destroy mental balance and bring

110 IMPROMEVENT ERA

on a sort of insanity that makes of an physical side. If a boy would realize that he

otherwise calm and agreeable person an has no right to smoke or use tobacco before he is twenty, especially cigarettes, the problem irascible, illtempered one, ready to fly would be easily solved. Unfortunately the

at the throat of his best friend. Anyone example of elders is generally followed and

who has been for a few days the unwilling boys think they will become men faster if camp companion of a tobacco user minus they rise to that estate through the medium of smoke wreathes."

his tobacco, will readily testify to the intense discomfort inflicted upon all who Tobacco's injury to the growing boy must come into contact with such a being. is wrought upon his nervous system. As

Then to witness the trembling eagerness in all other things he does of his own inwith which he lights his first smoke again, clination, he is bound to be immoderate and see the utter calm settle over his enin his smoking; and the result is soon

raged nerves gives mute evidence of his apparent in a loss of ambition to do things, slavery to this curious mania. a lessening of desire to attend school, an

Except in degree of effect and in manincreasing disregard for telling the truth ner of acquisition, nicotine and morphine and a decided loss of ability in mental habitisms are identical in their natures. tasks. Blurring of his sense of moral

The opium user reaches more rapidly a responsibility is rapid; and, from a lad

lower state of degradation and degeneraentirely trustworthy in all things, he may tion than tobacco could ever lead the become utterly undependable, egotistic, average man to; but there is a certainty often discourteous and increasingly selfish.

of parallelism between the two which canWhen a fond father considers the posnot be denied. In the matter of drug sibility of such a change in his own brightaction upon human beings, though, there eyed boy, he dimly senses the grave

is such great difference in degree of responsibility that rests upon us as elders power over separate individuals that any to these growing sons whose lives during dogmatic universal statement upon the their tender years determine whether they subject is but evidence of lack of knowlshall be living dynamos or lagging derelicts.

edge. With some, inveterate use of It is an unassailable fact that no boy would

tobacco leads to greater nervous and mental ever subject himself to the illness and disdisintegration than even opium could incomfort incident to acquiring tobacco duce in others whose innate vitality has not tolerance, were it not for the examples we been dissipated by smoking generations of set him. There is a dramatic appeal in

forbears. Particularly is it bad for growwatching one, superior in years and aping boys. A New York City magistrate, parent wisdom, calmly performing the

who has been quoted by various writers, smoker's ritual, which a boy's natural says emphatically: curiosity cannot resist desiring to try. The

'-Ninetynine out of a hundred boys bevery suffering occasioned by his first attween the ages of ten and seventeen years, who tempts is a challenge to his manly courage.

come before me charged with crime, have their Continued effort gains the reward of tolfingers disfigured by yellow cigarette stains."eration by his outraged nervous system:

So keenly do students of the matter but it also brings that insidious growth sense this danger to the young that one of desire for the poison which may wreck finds in the literature almost numberless his bright prospects and make of him a unreserved declarations against it. Dr. T. very ordinary animal.

H. Barnes, in his paper already quoted We are prone to speak of the Chinafrom, says concerning the use of tobacco man and his opium habit with scorn and

by boys: contempt; but he is our superior in that

"Habits which have a depressing influence he smokes his "pill"in private where he should be shunned by the growing lad. Bad cannot be seen and aped by his son and

habits make their lasting impression at this age heir.

and it often takes years to get rid of the effects of wrongdoings during the period when According to Drs. E. H. Cleveland

Nature makes her greatest demand upon the and D. T. Crowthers, in the Medical

1 1 TOBACCO AND HUMANITY

Times of New York, boys who smoke are over recognize the necessity of separating frequently subject to spasmodic twitchings their men from cigarettes, during training of the face, and occasionally to paralysis and competition, if they are to succeed;

or decided weakening of some of the and they are also becoming cognizant that muscles of the face, lips and eyes. These to secure men whose nervous systems have

boys are usually pale; and blood tests never been subjected to this handicap is

show that they suffer more or less from even more desirable.

anemia. 1 Dr. Bruce Fink, in School and Society, Upon Mental Effort.

tells us that research studies in some of Any consideration of nicotine and the the colleges have furnished evidence that brain is, of course, inseparably tied up with smoking a cigar or two will measurably the result upon human mental activity.

reduce the accuracy of a smoker's moveNo phase of the whole question has been ments. They have noted a loss in sureso voluminously discussed and so heatedly

ness in pitching a baseball, in lunging at argued as this. People who use the drug

a target and in rifle shooting. Dr. M. V. are nearly all positive it is a great help

all sureO'Shea, in his work reported in his book to them; and those who do not are

Tobacco and Mental Efficiency, showed it is "bad for brain work."One curious

rather conclusively that the ordinary thing, to the impartial observer, is the fact it,smoker loses from four to forty per cent that so many thinking men have usedin muscle steadiness. This determination then quit—often because of poor health

was made by taking the steadiness of emphatically decry its use. Charles Lamb

is discovering After a what good example. nerves,muscles—and indirectly—then soothing wonderful he was the thought a givenhaving the individual smoke

amount, after which the measurements power of the drug, he wrote:

were repeated. Dr. P. K. Holmes, in "The Old World was sure forlorn.

The American Journal of Public Health, Wanting thee."

states that muscular accuracy is reduced, After some years of smoking, he was because of unsteadiness of the body forced to give it up, because of its effect muscles, and that this has been demonupon his health; and inscribed the followstrated in rifle target practice in the army. ing:

So many examples of tobacco's effect "Farewell to tobacco the upon physical endurance are to be observed Stinking'st of the stinking kind.

in our daily lives, that it seems scarcely Filth of the mouth and fogs of the mind.

necessary to mention this phase of the Africa that brags of her foison.

question. It is a well known fact in BreedsHenbane,no nightshade,such prodigious poison,

physiology that fatigue of the muscles, as Hemlock, aconite—nay

we experience it, is in reality tiring of the All four cannot excel tobacco in a pernicious nerves which supply stimulation to them. way."

Using a musclenerve preparation in the It is said that a Persian Ambassador laboratory, it can readily be shown that the once presented Napoleon with a pipe of muscle retains considerable power of oriental design. Wishing to try its useresponse to direct electric stimulation after fulness, the Emperor filled it with tobacco

the nerve is too tired to longer carry and "lighted up."As soon as the smoke

stimulus to it. Thus Dr. Frederick J. came into contact with his larynx, he disPack's interesting observation, detailed in gustedly handed the pipe to a servant with:

turns. It is his book, Tobacco and Human Efficiency, "Take it away—my stomach

regarding the smoker's lack of stamina in only fit for the sluggard and the sloven."

long hikes really denotes a decided lowerCommander Peary, Arctic explorer, was ing of vital energy on the part of the once asked if smokers were desirable as nervous system. Athletic coaches the world members of his polar expeditions. His

'Anemia means poor blood, either in red blood cells, hemoglobin or in both.

112 IMPROMEVENT ERA

reply is characteristic of him: "I'd as soon More of this difference of opinion, howthink, of taking a man who had to have a ever, arises as a result of the vast variation

pie."in susceptibility of different individuals to

as the drug. It is a well known fact among Oliver Wendell Holmes—a physician

living peoplewell as a writer—says in The Autocrat of medical men that no two

the Breakfast Table: will react in exactly the same degree to a

given dose of any active drug. An amount "I do not advise you, young man, to consecrate the flower of your life to painting the which will produce profound alteration in

bowl of a pipe, for, let me assure you, the one's physiological processes, may not show stain of a reveriebreeding narcotic may strike the slightest effect upon another, or it may deeper than you think. I have seen the green evince any degree of response between the

leaf of early promise grow brown before its time under such nicotian regimen, and thought two extremes. So it is with tobacco.

the umbered meerschaum was dearly bought at There are actual records of its being rethe cost of a brain enfeebled and a will ensponsible for attacks of insanity, which slaved."never occurred after stopping its use; and

Elbert Hubbard, whose influence upon there are examples of longevity in spite thinking Americans still spreads like waves of inveterate smoking. Tobacco has been

set up from a pebble cast into the shelcalled "a comfort to kings as well as a tered pool, frequently advised employers to solace to beggars,"which sounds nice, but shun the cigarette smoker. Most of us is not of such great importance, since so

know to what a marked extent some few decidedly few of us could or would be industrial giants, such as Edison and Ford kings, and certainly none of us elect to be are aligned with this view. beggars. In other words, the important

Count Leo Tolstoi unfailingly conthing is to know what it does to the great demned tobacco, because he believed it mass of humanity; and we can never

had a degenerating effect upon the human ascertain that by focusing upon either or mind. both extremes.

In Dr. M. V. O'Shea's book, already Scientific principles are usually gotten

alluded to, occurs a quotation from at by direct experiment. In its ordinary

Hudson Maxim, noted inventor, who says: sense, this would mean studying the effect

of tobacco upon the mental activity of one "The wreath of cigarette smoke which curls it. That kind ofabout the head of the growing lad holds his who had never used

brain in an iron grip which prevents it from work, however, is not to be thought of in growing and his mind from developing just as this particular connection; and such meassurely as the iron does shoe the of foot the urements or observations as have been

* * * girl. If allChinese could boys

be made to know that with every breath of carried out have necessarily been made cigarette smoke they inhale inbecility and exupon individuals who were already adhale manhood, that they are tapping their dicted to the tobacco habit. America's

arteries as surely and letting their life's blood youth, though, represents the race out as truly as though their veins and arteries were severed, and the cigarette is a maker of vulnerable point attacked by those whose greed can only be satiated through seeinginvalids, criminals and fools—not men—it

ought to deter them some. The yellow finger the tobacco drug habit rapidly spread to all

stain is an emblem of deeper degradation and humanity; and in consequence of this, cerenslavement than the ball and chain."tain data accumulate in high schools and

Certainly these are only a few words colleges the country over pertaining to the from men on one side; and many noted mental status of smokers and nonusers.

persons who are addicted to tobacco write Dr. M. V. O'Shea and his coworkers

just as emphatically of its desirability, so conducted an inquiry among one thousand far as they are personally concerned. Perhigh schools of the Middle West, concernhaps part of this is due, as one author has ing the effect of tobacco upon high school

expressed it, to the fact that the smoker's work. Of the many reports received, they

danger begins in his failure to get a true selected two hundred six as being unbiased appreciation of his own clinical picture. and free from prejudice. Among this

TOBACCO AND HUMANITY 113

group there were only three reporting as "1. Smokers are distinctly older than nonbeing without any tobacco users. The smokers, having failed in their work much

more frequently.

rest admitted tobaccoism in from two to "2. Smokers are doing distinctly poorer

ninetyfive per cent, of their boys. Of the work than nonsmokers.

great number of high school boys repre- "3. Smokers are disciplined much more fresented only 15.9% were above the median quently and for more serious offenses than

in school work, while 60.5% were below nonsmokers are."

it. Many hundred of these boys actually Superintendent Smith also found that

contracted the habit while attending high habitual smokers failed in twentynine per school; and it was found that where this cent of their school work.

was the case, 68% of those doing so had There seems no question that smoking shown a decline in their scholarship, with is steadily increasing among youths of high 61.9% losing in deportment. These school age, the country over. Some horfigures are significant, because they cover rified consternation has been generated

such a large group; and justify some genamong parents, and even medical men,

eralization as to the effects of this drug during the last two or three years, by the upon mental effort in young adult and socalled "modern"ideas prevailing among adolescent boys. The decline in scholarhigh school boys and girls with regard

ship among this group varied from ten to immoral practices of a more serious per cent to utter failure. Dr. O'Shea nature. It is not difficult to demonstrate

requested the principals of these schools that, in the young, smoking benumbs and to furnish some brief reports upon the destroys moral responsibility and scruples work and behavior of their boys, before of conscience. No great stretch of imagiand after beginning the use of tobacco. nation is therefore necessary to discern a

Because of what they represent in loss of serious connection between the two facts, potential manhood, these reports bear a a9 applied to the present seeming moral pitiful significance; and Dr. O'Shea says tendencies of our modern youth. If ever

of them: the clarion call to take heed lest the race

"One cannot go over the reports from these be destroyed rang forth to an intelligent the six schools without forming hundredtwo people, it should be sounding in the ears directly is either that tobaccoconviction or indirectly playing a tragic role in the high of America today!

school. There is no evidence of bias or prejuGoing into the college, we find there

dice in the returns from most of these schools; an extension of the high school situation,

at any rate the principals and faculties were aware of the danger that preconceived notions though many of the boys who take up might distort their views, so that they were cigarettes during high school days never on their guard. And if they erred at all it reach college. A goodly number scarcely

was probably in the way of leniency in estifinish the former division; and scores of

mating the intellectual status of smokers in their schools. Some at least of the principals others naturally succumb to the mental dewho made returns are personally friendly topression resulting from their habitual

ward tobacco, so far?s its use by adults is connarcosis.

cerned. * * * In personal interviews

they informed the writer that they enjoyed a Writing in the Kentucky Medical cigar and believed that a moderate use of toJournal, Dr. E. S. Frey of Louisville,

bacco was not harmful to them mentally or mentions some careful observations made physically. But they could not overlook the by Dr. Seaver, director of the Physical

fact that the records of the smokers in their schools were conclusive in showing that the Laboratory at Yale University and says:

theiruse pupils is detrimental of tobacco by the highest of scholarship at "Out men effort, intellectualto cases it in extreme and five cent use all per Yale only tobacco. Of activity."paralyzes mental

get the not appointments, ninety do who men

Among nine hundred fifty smokers and per cent use tobacco."

nonsmokers in this school. Superintendent

H. L. Smith of Bloomington, Indiana, In Mac Levy's book The Tobacco

studied this question and offered the folHabit, are given some interesting statistics, lowing interpretations: of which the following are typical:

114 IMPROMEVENT ERA

Dr. George Lewis says that in fifty years, The proposition is also one that may

no tobacco user in Harvard has graduated at be demonstrated with little difficulty; and

the his head of class, though five out of six if we look about us we may find its truth users.graduates were

A Clark College professor says, out of two verified among our own acquaintances.

hundred one, ninetythree were users, one The writer has a close friend, a professional hundred eight were not. Of the nonsmokers man, who keeps at hand a supply of candy,

68% won honors, while of the smokers only and uses it at intervals while engaged upon18% won honors.

arduous or trying mental tasks. It seems

Six colleges reported upon their various football teams. In the total group, four hunto aid him in speeding up his efforts, just

dred thirteen nonsmokers made the teams and as the smoker thinks his cigar or cigarette only one hundred ninetytwo smokers. Schodoes.

lastically, nonusers averaged 79.8% and the

users 63.1%. Later work of an experimental nature

has been carried out by Dr. M. V. O'Shea

Much discussion has been forthcoming and his coworkers, upon this very quesas to whether tobacco stimulates the tion, and detailed in his book already smoker's mental powers. Certainly there mentioned. They devised an apparatus

is no one who cares to appear ridiculous which made it possible, by means of an by maintaining that it aids the nonelectric coil, to heat the bowl of a pipe smoker to compose himself; but there are so that the blindfolded smoker had all the

many addicts who are sure smoking helps sensation of smoking, except the actual them in their mental labors. Formerly consumption of tobacco. The man giving

there was no datum that seemed to refute the test smoked enough to furnish the this idea; and it was accepted, so far as tobacco smell; and subjects of the experithe smoker was concerned. More recently, ment were allowed to smoke during some

however, some interesting observations periods and not during others. Drawing

have thrown new light upon this phase, into the mouth of this heated air, plus too. Dr. A. Abrahams, in the Saint the smell of some tobacco smoke in the

Bartholomew Hospital Journal, London, room, aroused the same sensations as did as far back a9 1913 offered the following: actual smoking, since they were unable at

any sitting to see the smoke they supposed

It is popularly thought that nicotine acts they were producing. These men, all

as a direct stimulant, brain in the much same habitual users, were not aware that a conas coffee orway tea; but a simpler explanation is offered by Sir Lauder Brunton. that trol smoke was being used upon them;

the effect is simply that of stimulating the and none was able to detect anything lackbranches of the trigeminal nerve, 2 which in ing at any period of the tests. Unaniincrease to the appearssome way supply blood belief their that they mously, declared they

theof effect be procan which brain—an of the same had actually smoked amountduced eating in sweets by other and ways."

tobacco at each sitting. For our purpose

This statement is of considerable inhere, the most significant thing about it terest in that it discards the generally all lies in the fact that each of these accepted notion that nicotine acts as a smokers received his usual feeling of Mental brain is hard to underbuoyancy composure or stimulation, as the stimulant—which

stand, when we know its total effect upon case may be, just as surely from puffing the nervous system is one of narcosis the heated air as from his tobacco smoke!

or depression. Neither is the explanaIn addition, all of Dr. O'Shea's subjects

tion an idle one, as Sir Lauder Brunton were college men, no doubt possessing the is a British physician of some standing. 3 usual collegiate assurance and selfanalysis.

The fifth cranial nerve which is the great nerve of sensation of ears, eyes, nose and mouth, as well as to the skin of the face. It is so tied up, through many complex associations,

with the rest of the nerves in the head, as well as with the brain, that the indirect effects of its stimulation are too farreaching to be as yet completely understood.

3In England, the term "Doctor'1 is not used in the American sense, and is frequently not even employed in speaking or writing of prominent medical men.

TOBACCO AND HUMANITY 115

In the face of these experimental data, affected by it, first because of the sensitiveeven though secured from a small numness of her body to its influence, and ber of individuals, one can scarcely be second by her lack of moderation.

blamed for a strengthened doubt of toAside from an intensification of all bacco's vaunted "stimulating"effect upon the results produced by tobacco upon man, mental effort. the girl or woman who uses it becomes

the victim of certain other effects, which

Effects Upon Women and Young Girls. are more important to her than she knows.

In the words of a famous surgeon, Dr. Kellogg, in his work Tobaccoism,

"Woman is a saparate being from man; states:

and you cannot judge her by her grosser mate."This 1 is another way of saying that young"Thewomenincreasebodesof theill cigarettefor the futurehabit amongof the

the physical, mental and spiritual organrace. The report comes from Paris, where

ization of woman is, in the main, far more smoking has been indulged in by women longer delicate and sensitive than that of man. and to a greater extent than in other civilized

Especially is this true of her nervous countries,that the effectthat ofstrongcigaretteevidencesmokinghasis toappearedunsex system. And more particularly is it apyoung women by producing premature degenparent in the functioning of the eration of the sex glands. One evidence of

system—thatsympathetic partdivisionwhich ofgovernsher nervous this is the development of the feminine musprocesses quenttache, amongwhich isyoungbecomingwomennoticeablysmokers ofmoreParis."frenot presided over by the will or consciousness. God has endowed her with many It is a common observation that women

attributes not understandable by man; and who have used tobacco for long show a

has given her a more finely attuned spirit, decided coarsening of feature, a roughencapable of sure and unwavering intuition. ing of voice and marked increase of hair

He has imparted to her soul that added upon the face. As the years advance, such

divine spark which lends to every woman, women lose some fineness of soul that no matter how plain of feature or form, entitled them to serene supremacy in their the peculiar charm of femininity. For many men's hearts. It can only be natural that

centuries, in the highest civilization, she any man with a spark of the Divine yet has been placed upon a throne and enleft in him should abhor the destined efshrined queen over all that was worthy in fects of tobacco upon sweetheart, wife or man's heart. The good woman's look, sister. When a woman resigns herself to

thought and word have fired man to aspire the tobacco habit she forswears her birthgreat and worthy things. Weak or misright of feminine beauty of soul and of

directed ones have tobogganed individuals feature. When to be called beautiful is

and even nations into sorrow and suffering. the major delight of every born woman,

An instrument, such as a galvanometer could anything strike more surely at the for detecting weak electric movements, or desire of her heart?

a balance for weighing minute particles of Nor is this loss of beauty the most grave matter, must necessarily be finely coneffect of tobacco upon the female organstructed; and the very delicacy of its ismsm. Note what Dr. Lorand has to say:

function precludes any ruggedness of inof acts even more smoking "The habit the ofstructure. So is it with woman's nervous juriously delicate organisms young upon

mechanism. Its very sensitiveness impels girls than it does on boys; and yet, unher to unreasoning excess in her activities fortunately, one may now observe this harmful

and enthusiasms. If she be unfavorable habit gaining ground. * * * Smoking

girls and even by by young young womento a practice, except as a mother, she has different standbe considered a far must from no understanding of the motive or weakpoint than smoking by men, for not only is ness that could lead another into its power. the female organism by virtue of its much

But once started upon it herself, she recogmore frail structure and its more delicate tissues nizes no limitation in its pursuit. The muchtobaccolessthanable tothatresistof theman;poisonousand thus,actionlikeof

woman who takes up smoking is doubly many a delicate flower, apt to fade and wither 116 IMPROMEVENT ERA

more quickly in consequence, but the that increase his ungodliness, she will forfecundity* of woman is greatly impaired by it, feit more than she knows. Man realizes,

as tobacco exerts a very pernicious influence on the various ductless glands, including the in his heart, that his mate lives upon a thyroid and sex glands. In view of the large higher plane than his own, and unconnumber of men lost in the late fearful war, sciously worships her in it, which is as

the authorities cannot be expected to look on it should be. Allow her to come down

while a generation of sterile women,unmoved, their of fulfiling incapablerendered sublime from this,.and thel psychology will

function of motherhood, is being produced on naturally be altered. He will soon regard

account of the immoderate smoking of foolish her as an equal. From being the goddess

young girls."of his heart she will become the partner

Smoking not only destroys a woman's of his weakness. Descended from her

ability to attain motherhood, but it also sublime station, she will be shorn of her robs her of the desire to fulfil this most power to inspire higher thoughts and sacred purpose of her existence. From Dr. desires; and will become his equal. WomHarvey Kellogg, again we read: ankind as a whole will never falter in

the pathway Divine wisdom laid for it;

"But in addition to contributing to infant but many individuals are failing to see it, mortality there is ground for the belief that in their blind desire to reign in a new and the smoke habit among women must tend to lower the birth rate. The same disposition impossible role.

that would lead a woman to cultivate the toThe greatly intensified effects of tobacco habit would naturally lead her to avoid baccoism upon the delicate organism of the perils, responsibilities and inconveniences of woman can bring naught but degeneracy birth rate ofmotherhood. "smart The set"and unhappiness. Forfeiting, by her own classes.mothers is the very lowest of all Perhaps this fact is a gain to society rather than foolish presumption, man's admiration

a this as far class is loss, so particular conwill she so constantly which seeks—she

if allcerned; but mothers should become herself bring misery and discontent, upon

smokers, what would be the effect upon the future of the race?"physical and mental.

Nor is this ominous feeling limited to Effects Upon the NonUser.

those who actually write upon the subject. As has already been stated, this humble

One of the most prominent physicians in treatise is not a product of any inclination the world in his line recently said, in speakto preach; but rather of an earnest desire

ing before a medical gathering: to set forth simply such truth as is available upon a question most important in

"It is a sad day for the race, when our human health. Carelessness has been said

future mothers take to the use of tobacco, for to be the characteristic sin of Americans;

they thereby doom unborn generations to physical and mental degeneracy."and while a great many smokers are most

courteous and considerate of others in their

The past decade has brought a smoking, there are many who have no revolution in ideas of woman's place in the shadow of regard for hardships imposed economic phases of life. And it must be upon those about them. That this 19 of

admitted that she has proved herself equal, some importance is unquestionable, when or superior, to man, in many of the fields one looks deeper than the surface; and the

she has invaded. However, with her natproblem of tobaccoism assumes some conural ignoring of moderation, she would sequence in its relation to the nonuser as

also extend this equality of sexes to parwell as to the enslaved one. Dr. Richard

taking of his vices, maintaining that it is Hogner, in American Medicine, records:

no worse for a woman than for a man to * * * also a case where the sister do it. In politics and in industry wom- (a clerk) was for years a wreck, suffering

the father's after his and from first smokingan's influence has been welcome; but, * * * the brother's, death, in the home.

should she forsake her idealized pedestal The father smoked a pipe, and during this and descend to man's level in those things time she was not so much affected as after

'Ability to conceive and bear children.

TOBACCO AND HUMANITY 17

his death the brother began when to smoke children of the household are pernot at it cigarette.'cigarette after home, Be mitted to is come. so low No real father that said for enough years she was sent from

home to hospital, always improving after some that he would knowingly deny the unweeks at the hospital, soon to be sick as ever voiced plea of his offspring for robust when she returned home. * * * Really health: but ignorance, the most dangerous

she was suffering from chronic tobacco of all human frailties, may betray him into poisoning.

"Since then so many cases of tobacco poisondoing so.

ing without personal use have come under my Adults not given to the use of nicotine, attention that it seems to a duty mention this frequently suffer of carbonmonoxide wholesale tobacco of vicpoisoning innocent tims, mostly women and children. headache, as a result of association in close

* * * How quickly children and rooms with smoking comrades and cowives 'pick up'when they, rid of the father's workers. The modern convention, whether

else or somebody's tobacco smoke, go to the it be of bankers, stockmen or physicians,

It is country. to attributed the fresh country air.

bacco May "be! But add: 'free from tohasand comethose towhobe attenda veritabledo so smokingat the expenseorgy; smoke.'

This question is not one to be passed of their possible discomfort and temporary lightly over. No one doubts for a minute mental stupefaction. However, there are

the untoward effects of nicotine upon the some reasons for hoping that smoking will young, in both animals and plants; and be restricted to somewhat of its rightful

it is more than possible that many a sickly place, so far as public gatherings are conchild, in the household of a father who cerned. It is said that smoking is no'

unreservedly saturates his home with tolonger permitted in the United States Senate bacco smoke, is delicate because of this and Chambers; and the largest medical school

nothing else. The extent to which some of in America has banned the smoker's inthese individuals will go, in their disredulgence from its classrooms.

gard for those about them is almost beyond The economic side of tobaccoism, too,

Belief. Usually it seems to be a matter of is a phase worthy of our attention; but

unthinking ignorance, and not of deterits magnitude and ramifications make it a mination. The writer recently remarked fit subject for a whole paper, and tend to

a wellfed person traveling in a small, preclude its disucssion from this brief sumclosed automobile, with a young infant mary of tobacco's effect upon health. Dr.

and its pale, thin mother. All windows Frederick J. Pack, in his book, Tobacco

of the vehicle were tightly shut; and this and Human Efficiency, offers some interindividual, who undoubtedly regarded esting facts upon this part of the question.

himself as quite "some man,"was inMany details of nicotine's action upon dustriously further thickening the already the human body are still clothed in blue atmosphere from a fat cigar! Almost mystery, chiefly because of the difficulty

beyond belief; and yet he appeared utterly besetting experimental study of them.

unconscious of any sin. He probably loves However there is abundant evidence of its

his family and believes he is as good to unhealthfulness and undesirability to conthem as any man could be. demn it to the average person. Attempts

Young infants of smoking mothers have to legislate against the habit have regularly been observed to show symptoms of tobrought forth wild cries, from the smokers, bacco poisoning; and it is certain that they about interference with "personal liberty."

not only get it from the mother's milk Their illconsidered use of the term under

also absorb it from the how one may really pursue personal liberty whenbreast—butshe hastheyany to feed them at the such circumstances excites wonder as to

tobaccotainted air of the homes to which in deliberately signing one's mind and body they have been entrusted. Fathers who over into slavery. For tobaccoism is a

smoke should certainly never indulge in it slavery, paid for with the reddest blood within the walls of their own domicile, and the most precious vigor of soul which unless provided with a room for that pur- a human being may fall heir to.

pose, and into which infants and small Provo. Utah.

The Spirit of Christmas By Irvin L. Warnock

It all started one morning two weeks freshmen opposite. Another roar went up.

before Christmas. Chick Bowers pushed Ten pairs of feet scuffed the floor. Ten

back his chair, assumed his favorite oratorchairs squeaked their protest. Nine neatly

ical attitude and addressed the group about folded napkins rested serenely beside as the breakfast table. "Gentlemen,"he bemany plates. One crumpled white heap on

gan, "an important, yea, a momentous the floor marked the chair of Dan Mulquestion confronts the K. T. Infant tree. Dan was that way, thoughtless, illFraternity. In fact an adamant question is trained. Ten boys grabbed hats and books

demanding plausible if not immediate and the K. T. secret fraternity was once

solution."more absorbed in the myriad duties of the

"Gentlemen, the question stands, What ordinary school day.

is the Spirit of Christmas? We are diThese ten boys, finding themselves

vided by opinions various and sundry. thrown together by fate in the form of a

What makes Christmas different from boarding house, wisely or otherwise, every other holiday? Why the universal banded themselves into a brotherhood.

appeal? What element or ingredient ex- "A pure democracy,"Chick called it,

alts the Christmas tide? An insignificant "where we older and more intelligent felmajority contend it is the psychology of lows may regulate somewhat the actions of

love augmented by the spirit of giving."the greenies, that we be not swamped in

"I say Christmas is Christmas because mortification."Their only secret was

of the fun of receiving,"broke in Dan. their name. K. T. was all anyone outSmile9 of disapproval passed among the side ever heard. Mrs. Wright, the landboys, all except Homer Williams, who lady, slyly suggested perhaps it stood for

gave the speaker a slap on the shoulder, Kitchen Thieves. But the boys merely

saying, "Atta boy."smiled.

"Christmas wouldn't be much fun withAt the usual hour that night they saunout Santa Claus,"weakly piped Jimmy. tered into the study. One or two im-

A roar of laughter followed. mediately buried themselves in text books.

Dan Multree dived into the overstuffed

Chick resumed, "Gentlemen, K. T. rocker and lost himself in its depths. Extraditions make it imperative that a tracting two letters from an inside pocket

thorough analysis be made. After the he leisurely opened one; a businesslooking

holidays we could, no doubt, perform a letter in a plain envelope, and glanced at post mortem examination, but this being the few scrawled lines. Then his eye

the tenth day of December this said Spirit swept the accompanying check and lingered of Christmas is a vigorous youngster, with at the right edge, where the sum was desincreasing strength and vitality each moignated. A scowl darkened his face. His

ment until the day of December 25."lips pressed together and protruded. After

"And this being the hour of eight a. m., a minute a freakish smile played at the

I motion the discussion be postponed until corners of hi9 mouth and twisted the after dinner,"suggested practical, redthin lip line. Slowly he nodded his head.

haired Billy Murphy. "The Spirit of Christmas,"announced

"One point before we disperse,"put in Chick, abruptly, "having agitated the inChick. "Those who believe in Santa tellects of this august and erudite asClaus may write their little letters tosemblage, now comes forward for elucidanight and I shall help them hang their tion. Gentlemen, what is your pleasure?"

stockings on Christmas Eve."And he "Come down to earth,"popped in

waved an elegant gesture toward the three Jimmy. "Shades of Noah! Can't you

THE SPIRIT OF CHRISTMAS 119

talk American? I have never learned but "Oh, cut the sob stuff, Chick!"said

one language."Dan, with a shrug of resentment.

Chick's face clouded momentarily, but "But what makes you cling to that unhis genial smile soon chased the clouds friendly position,"Chick persisted.

off. "I condescend, little boy, by the "It's modern, Chick. Right up to date.

cat's paws. Will some of you guys please Your ideas are antiquated. They became

extend a handle whereby we may grasp the obsolete when Rockefeller invested in oil.

get, that's Acquire, America. talkbreakfast of this morning. Do you Get—get

is build, push. the getting Get whileget the drift now, Green?"Jimmy Afriendly laugh followed. good—and d n the cost. Moderns

"The Good Book says 'tis better to give know only the eleventh commandment;

than to receive; perhaps that is what makes Get what you want, but get it."

Yuletide so different,"suggested Billy "Then you think that America has disMurphy. carded the Golden Rule, Dan? That the

three wise men at the stable in Bethle- "Righto,"shouted Phil, eyes sparkling. hem were fools. That their gifts to the"Ask McClintock. After their walloping

infant Christ were folderol?"Chick faced

Friday they should stoutly confirm the Dan squarely, an intense fire in his eyesGood Book. Thirteen to four—wowand an unquestionable earnestness in his

it's better to give than toee-e—I'll say voice. "Dan, do you honestly believe thatreceive."And he vehemently thumped the the Spirit of Christmas is dying?"

gleaming red letter on the breast of his "Oh, maybe not as steep as that. But

immaculate white sweater.

it lacks the ring of genuineness. There's

Dan squirmed in the depths of his much that isn't apparent on the surface.

luxury. "It's all according to what you We're not a nation of philanthropists,

are giving and what you are receiving."you know, Chick."

"And who is doing it,"finished Jimmy, The boys were all listening attentively with fitting emphasis and a significant now. The discussion had taken the asglance. pect of a dialogue. Chick, big of body,

"Oh, yes. Of course, that makes some big of mind, and big of heart, was easily

difference,"Dan retorted, without losing the favorite, yet not drawing on his ashis equanimity. sets. He felt no need of reserves, either.

Dan's selfishness was beginning to rasp Always he met the moment's exigency with on the finer natures of his companions. cool control and stored his surplus perThey could not refrain, at times, from sonality in the bank of friendship.

giving quips that would have penetrated From the practical mind of Billy Mur- a less selfcentered consciousness. He had phy came another suggestion. "Fellows,

been a thorn under the thumb nail of isn't it possible that the compromise beChick Bowers since the term began. Chick tween the two extremes is the true Christ-

I mean is this, thewhirled on him now with sudden violence. mas Spirit? What

"See here, Dan, you're spoiling. What joy of giving is enhanced by the anticipamakes you take that attitude? You tion of receiving?"

wouldn't be happy if everyone gave to "That's just it,"shouted Dan, "only you without you giving in return. All more of it. Christmas gifts would be as

receiving and no giving would soon fall, scarce as ice in the Sahara if the donors even with you. Christmas must be misery did not expect in return just as much, or

and miserly to anyone who thinks only a little more, than they gave. I've seen

of receiving. It's the altruism of Christit."

mas that endears it. The beautiful cusAgain Chick took up the defense. "My

tom of making gifts, prototyped by the view of the ideal Christmas gift is that supreme gift of God at Bethlehem. Huit be given without sordidness. Also it

manity hungers for unselfish devotees at should fit the character of the recipient and the shrine of service."the measure of esteem that prompted it."

120 IMPROVEMENT ERA

"One other point,"added Dan. Something akin to a swear word welled

"What?"up in the throat of Chick Bowers, but

"It should fit the purse of the donor."it perished between his teeth. A cold

Dan won a point, a9 the smiles testified. tenseness gripped the other boys, and Mrs.

Mrs. Wright stood in the door, smilWright hastily turned to the door she had

ing. Friendly, congenial smiles, quite unjust entered. "Wait, Mother Wright,"

like the proverbially parsimonious landcalled Chick, then turned to Dan. There

lady. was no trace of anger in his face or voice,

"Welcome, Mother Wright!"shouted instead a deep solicitude edged his words.

several voices in unison. "Dan,"he said, quietly, "I want to get

"No serious trouble, though!"reassured this thing straight. If it's the price of the

Chick, blandly, offering his chair. fare you lack, I'll loan it to you until you

get back.""Thanks, boys. And I didn't come

anticipating trouble, Chick, neither to "Oh, no. I just received a pittance

pacify it. It just isn't needed, among from the Governor,"tapping hi9 pocket.

my boys."And she gave him a smile of "Then why aren't you going?"

"Excuse me, old top, but can't a fellowapproval, the smile they all worshiped. "I

came to ask about the holidays. How many stick around his boarding place without

are going home for Christmas? I want starting a squabble?"

now."to do some planning. You see, if you are "But it isn't fair,—-just

all going to leave, Marvin will see that "I'm paying my way. Chick."Dan

the pipes and furnace are kept from freezspoke with a note of finality.

ing and Daddy Wright will take Margie Chick followed Mrs. Wright to the

and me out to the old homestead to spend kitchen. He promised to take care of Dan,

Christmas with the married children—-and assuring her that Dan would undoubtedly

the babies. Oh, we'd love to go. Haven't go to Metropolis even if he would not

had any kiddies around for four years go home. If Marvin was going to stay

now. and Christmas doesn't s;cm natural and care for the furnace and keep the

without the little tots. Frank and Emily house from freezing there was really no

are coming this year, too."Her enthusiasm reason for remaining. Couldn't Dan get

was contagious, but she hesitated, smothhis meals in town? And as for bed

ered a wistful sigh, and added, "But I well, it wouldn't hurt, just for ten days).

mustn't influence any of you by my childBy dint or argument and many reassurish anticipations."ances Chick persuaded her to consummate

her plans for spending the Yuletide at the going."I.""I'm "And I.""And "And old homestead. not Marvin and Why

I."It it the until group echoed around hall? keep bachelor's Dan

came back to the big rocker where Dan Marvin was studying art, with a capital

Multree slumped. Dan never moved. A. He tended the furnace in the big

A razoredged silence persisted for a full Wright house for the privilege of occupyminute. All eyes were riveted on the figing the cot in the furnace room, and using

ure half hidden among the bulging leather the empty corner as studio. He paid tuicushions. All knew that Dan had heard tion fees by doing janitor work, washed

the words of Mrs. Wright and all knew dishes at the cafeteria for his staff of

that she felt in duty bound to forego her life and daubed water colors on Movie plans should any of them remain over the Display Pictures, a slouchy job he loathed, holidays. Chick broke the silence by askfor the filthy lucre that kept him clothed,

ing calmly, "How about it, Dan? We've and paid for paints and books.

all answered but you."The K. T. exclusive fraternity held

A smile woke on the lips of Mrs. Wright its last session on Wednesday night before

but died suddenly as Dan answered, deChristmas. Two of the boys caught the

liberately, without turning. "I'm going 10 p. m. interurban and were home in a

to stay."few hours. Six others straggled out the

THE SPIRIT OF CHRISTMAS 121

next morning. Chick used every subtle ples and his chin twitched just a little as

argument at his command to induce the he retorted. "I'm telling you, Chick, if

Wrights to go. Finally he told them he you are sacrificing yourself for my pleasure,

was going to ask Dan to go home with him. your sentimentality is distinctly not apAn ugly mood had been growing on Dan preciated. I'm spending Christmas Eve

for more than a week, in fact, since the after my own fashion. Any shadowing or

night he and Chick had argued the Spirit interference will not alone be offensive of Christmas. All the while the others but might brew trouble."

were absorbed in the joyful preparations "I beg your pardon, old man,"said for the home visits, Dan became silent Chick, placing a friendly hand on the and taciturn. Snatches of song, spilled out other's shoulder. "No offense intended,

in glee, drove him further within himself. I assure you."Dan shrugged his shoulder

The banter at meal times widened the away. "I've been wanting to ask you,

abys9 between himself and the others. He Dan, if you would accept an invitation

narrowed his conversation to replies when to come home with me. Mother is a

isspoken to. Even these were barely withwonderful cook, and Dad,—well Dad

in the boundary of civility. Chick noticed, just the best pal ever. Will you come, old

or thought he did, a particular restraint top?"

when he approached any group where "No."

Dan was. This troubled him, as he won- "We could catch that nine o'clock

dered if he had overstepped in trying to creeper and be out there by two this aftermake Dan realize his selfishness. He did noon."

not want to antagonize Dan. "No."

Mr. and Mrs. Wright, with their daugh- "Mother always bakes Christmas cake

ter Margie, drove away in the big car early at Thanksgiving time and Dad is the best

Friday morning. Having waved a hearty hand in the state at roasting baby pigs.

farewell to them, Chick took the steps There will be homemade cider, too."

to the house in a bound, and barely missed Chick's face brightened as he pictured the bumping into Dan at the door, evidently feast. "Come, old fellow, forget our

waiting for him. The two boys faced grievances, and let's hit the home trail, toeach other; neither spoke for the fraction gether."

of a second. Chick was surprised and "No,"snapped Dan. "If I wanted a

wondering. Dan was slightly agitated and home celebration I would have been there

a mocking grin twisted the line between his by now. But to go where there is a bunch

thanks. Squalling babies, lips. He spoke with the slightest hint of of kidsi—no,

of toys to stumble over, sneer. "Well, guardian angel, what is hubbub,—litters your game?"—deafening horn and drums,—clang, "Game? Why? What are you drivclang and more noise,—baugh!"He

ing at?"shrugged his shoulders and vanished up

"Oh, nothing, sweet innocence. But, the stairs.

I was just curious to know why you Chick gazed after him. "Something

gave up your vacation plans to remain wrong inside,"he mused, "nothing exat my side. We've never played Damon terior will ever affect him. Must come

and Pythias before, you know. I'm not from the inside out."

sure that spending Christmas together Midafternoon came and Dan had not would strengthen our bond of affection. stirred from his room, although Chick

We don't always jibe on our ideas of could hear footsteps and occasionally catch celebrating, you see."the sound of whistling. Answering the

"That is so. Dan. But can't a fellow detelephone Chick heard a feminine voice

cide to hang around his boarding house ask for Mr. Multree. He moved to the

over the holidays without starting a squabFoot of the stairway and called Dan. The

ble?"Dan received the thrust a9 a slap half of the conversation he heard was.

in the face. Hot blood surged to his tem- "Hello! Yes—You don't say.—Well,

I

122 IMPROVEMENT ERA get someone else.—Curses, why

all delicately traced—Oh, so late? make the race, boy, you've got the goods."right.—Great, great!—Yes. As Chick examined the

card, extolling its consummate design, theSure. Just two?—I'll say he will.—

love face of the young artist beamed in delight. worry, I'll be ready—tait.—Don't

ta."His mat of brown hair tossed, his quiet,

Dan's feelings, as shown outwardly, blue eyes sparkled and a touch of color were quite changed from what they were shone through the transparency of his several hours before when Chick faced cheeks. A morsel of praise was more than

him in the doorway. Now he seemed bread.

bubbling over with happiness; the careDan glanced carelessly at his gift and

free happiness that borders on recklessness. tossed it to the table, "Thanks, kid,"he

Chick noticed and marvelled at the change. said, "it will be handy as a bookmark."

Tonight Marvin felt a mingled thrill The light died from Marvin's eyes but of exaltation and depression, as he washed the color froze in his cheeks. Chick saw

his smoky hands in the laundry tub, in the hurt and his two big hands clinched.

the basement. His cot in the corner of the His eyes traveled to Dan's placid face, but

furnace room served as chair as he worked before he could speak Dan jumped up, at the improvised easel on the edge of the fretfully. "It isn't my custom to give

little table. But tonight he was going Christmas presents, Marvin; so I hope you

to work. Surely on Christmas Eve he won't expect a silk handkerchief, or an

need not paint. And besides he must disetching outfit in return for your card."

tribute his gifts. These were dainty cards Marvin choked and reeled. Chick

he had decorated in colored landscapes. glowered at Dan, then placed an arm

Not much, to be sure, but had he not around the shoulders of the artist and daubed two dozen Movie Displays for the guided him toward the basement steps, money to buy stock and then spent hours saying something about wanting to see in decorating? His exaltation came from more of his work.

having put his soul into his tiny gifts. Dan, left alone, smiled a sickly,

His depression arose in fear that his tokens sardonic smile, studied his watch and paced might not please. But the subtle spirit of twice across the room. He stopped

Christmas gave wings to his feet and abruptly, listened impatiently, then mutmelody to his voice as he passed under tered, "Why don't they come, it's ten the big French window where Dan sat, o'clock already."

half interestedly reading a magazine. MarShortly a footstep resounded on the cevin's voice trailed off down the street. ment porch. Dan's face brightened. Not

Dan glanced at his watch, shuffled his waiting for the bell he sprang to the door position and returned to his book. and wrenched it open, switching the outThree quarters of an hour later Marvin side light as he did so. A gust of bitter

returned, approaching the front door. Sicold air struck his face, but it was the

multaneously Chick Bowers came from the sight of a ragged, shivering urchin that opposite direction. "Hello, Marvin,"he swept him back in astonishment.

called, cheerfully, "Come in. Deliciously The child raised big, sober, wistful eyes

crisp out tonight, isn't it?"and asked, between chattering teeth,

"Thanks, Mr. Bowers,"returned Mar- "P-please, M-M-Mister, is SaSa-Santa

vin, following inside. "I'm playing Santa Claus here? I b-been lookin'ever whClaus. These cards are all I could afwhere."

ford."He handed one to Chick. "And Dan's first impulse was to say, no, and

here is one for you Mr. Multree. I'll close the door. Then an absurd desire to

just leave these others here for the rest laugh struck him. But he did not laugh.

of the boys when they come back."The simple faith and earnestness of the

"Beautiful, Marvin, exquisite,"exclaimchild arrested him. Instead of laughing

ed Chick. "And hand painting, I'll dehe said "No, kid, there isn't any Santa

clare. Marvin, that's artistic. You'll CI."He did not finish the word.

THE SPIRIT OF CHRISTMAS 123

Into the upturned face of the child came You'll take me, won't you. Mister, 'cause

the tragedy of shattered hope, and Dan Betty wants some dishes jist awful an'recognized it. The two great glistening she's been jist awful good."

tears that coursed down the little cheeks Dan was speechless. Utterance failing,

were the first that had ever touched his he merely held the throbbing little body heart, but he felt that these were melting closer, blankly staring at the cream curinto his soul. Nothing can be more potains and drawn blinds of the window,

tent than baby tears in fusing human but they seemed misty and distant. He

hearts. felt glad they were alone. A new, un-

"Come in, Sonny, and warm up while known sensation pulsed somewhere inside

I tell you what became of Santa Claus."him and warmed its way to the surface

Dan snatched a cushion from a chair while a determination formed within his and spread it over the low radiator bemind.

neath the French window, then deposited "Where do you live? Sonny?"Finally

his small visitor a-top. Taking the cold, words came.

blue hands between his own he pressed and "Down on K. Street, jist across the

warmed them. The child was scantily but street this way from the fire house,"anneatly dressed, a mat of golden hair matchswered the boy, pointing.

ing the fair face and blue eyes. Dan "And what is your name?"

guessed his age at five or six. "Otto. Otto Mullin."

The child's astonished eyes wandered "Well, Otto boy, let me tell you someover the room several times but each time thing. Santa Claus is awfully busy toreturned to gaze into Dan's face. Each night; there are so many little boys and

time they came back, Dan felt discomgirls to see—so he may be late getting

fited. Why, he did not know, unless it around to your house, but he'll come, Otto,

was that they seemed to be looking be- I'm sure he'll."

yound his face, into his mind; yes, beyond "There he is now,"screamed the

that, right down into his very soul. Dan youngster, wild with delight, "Just like

thought he had never seen such big, transthe pictures. Oh-h goody, goody!"

parent, trusting, thoughtful eyes. DesDumfounded, Dan whirled around, and

perately he wondered how he was to meet sure enough, standing in the hall door the inevitable. Could he disillusion this stood Santa Claus, with Marvin just bechild on the Santa Claus hoax? He was hind. It would be hard to tell which face

quite unfortified when the boy suddenly showed the greatest astonishment, Marlaughed a musical little laugh and threw vin's, Dan's, the child's, or that of Santa himself into his arms with the question, Claus.

"Will you please be my Daddy? An'Collecting his scattered senses Dan joined

take me to Santa Claus'house? Will you, the glee of the youngster, while Santa

Mister, please?"Claus began desperately to look for his

Dan found himself kneeling beside the toy sack. Marvin snatched a china doll

radiator with the tiny form crushing his from the mantle and thrust it into the shirt front, two little hands playing havoc hand of the bewildered Santa. The situawith his tie and collar. But for once in tion was saved. The doll was presented

his life Dan Multree was not thinking of to Otto with all due ceremony with prohimself. The piping voice was babbling fuse promises of a later visit and toys for

close to his ear. "Momie says if I had a Betty, then Dan placed him again a-top

Daddy then old Santa Claus would come. the raditor and followed Santa to the hall.

But I ain't ever had a Daddy an'I ain't "Well done, Watson, very well done,"ever seen Santa. But last year he left whispered Santa to Marvin as Dan closed

some stockings fer me and a little doll fer the door behind them.

Betty over to Mrs. Higgs's. An'tonight Say fellows, are you game for a real

I told Betty I wuz goin't'find Santa's live Christmas party?"asked Dan, eagerhouse an'tell him how good we been. ly. His enthusiasm was like fire in a box

124 IMPROVEMENT ERA

factory. "He lives down on K, and has sters could be made so happy. Wasn't

a widowed mother and baby sister. They've it classic? They certainly got under my

been 'awful good'in hopes Santa Claus hide. Mercy though, you should have seen

would find them this year. The poor the poor mother when Otto said he had

kid's tramped half the town over trying to found a Daddy! Really, her confusion

find him. We can do it, can't we?"was quite beautiful. That's what I call

"I'll say,"cried Chick, his big heart fun."Suddenly his face sobered. "You

swelling up into his throat. see, boys, being the only child in our

"Shsh-sh,"warned Marvin, tingling family, which means being pampered and with excitement. "Not too loud."spoiled, I have really never seen a bona-

"But where did you come by the togs?"fide Christmas before. Not like this one,

asked Dan. I mean."

"Some I planned to use at home,"an- "I've been thinking all the night,"said swered Chick, "But not being there MarMarvin, "That we were the three wise men vin and I were just stepping out for high of modern times."

adventure.""Rather the three wise boys,"corrected

"Well, you didn't have to step far,"Chick.

said Dan. "I'll take the kid home and "I'm not so strong on the wisdom part,"

be waiting for you. Just across south added Dan, "But I'll vouch for one much

from the K Street fire station. And here, wiser boy. The Know Thyself Infant

take these."Dan pushed three crackling Fraternity has one member ready to do

green bills into Chick's hand. "I insist, postgraduate work."

Chick. This is my party. There will be "Silent night, Holy night!

some shops open yet. I intended spendAll is calm, all is right,

ing more than that tonight, anyhow."Round yon virgin mother and Child!

It was Dan's first thought, since the Holy Infant, so tender and mild;

urchin came in, about his original plans. Sleep in heavenly peace,

An impatient haste seized him; a frenzied Sleep in heavenly peace."

desire to be off. Hastily bundling the

child into a big, red, jumbo sweater, Like a clarion came the tender notes through the crisp, clear night, a goldenbuttoned full length, he fairly tossed him tenor leading the melody. "Carolers,"

up against his shoulder as he rushed for whispered Marvin, intensely thrilled. Danthe door.

From the porch he called back, "Oh, sat immovable, every fiber of his being

Chick, if anyone calls for me just tell tingling with the delicate harmony of the them I've got an engagement with the singers. He experienced an entirely new

and strange sensation. Chills quivered upSpirit of Christmas."

and down his spine and his temples throbBefore he reached the end of the block bed. Speechless, they listened till the last

he heard the big car stop in front of the silvery notes trailed into silence.

Wright house and the noisy group of Dan moved, leaned forward, placed a thoughtless revellers shriek his name. hand over his forehead and blinked as if

Dodging around the corner he pressed the just waking from a dream. "Marvin,"

boy closer to his breast, murmuring in he said, "I owe you an apology for my the tiny ear, "There will be one lacking rudeness. Can you forgive my illman-

in their carousal tonight, thanks to you, ners?"Then he extended a hand to

my Babe of Bethlehem."Chick. "You win. old chap. I conThe hour past midnight found the three cede the Spirit of Christmas is virile and

boys reentering the boarding house. A unsoiled, prompted by the noblest impulse

the way, if thatradiance of joy shone from each counteinherent in man.—And by

nance. Dan's face was really brilliant, for invitation is still open perhaps we can

an exuberance of happiness filled his heart. catch that 4:30 train. I'll be glad to

"Fellows,"he cried, having removed sample your mother's Christmas dinner."

over coats, "I never believed that youngSigurd, Utah.

The Spirit of Love By D. C. Retsloff

Tenyear-old Mary Eleanor was happy. "My, what a lot of things Santa Claus

Christmas was just twenty days away. is bringing this year,"said Aunt Mary

There were so many wonderful things as she opened the door and took several to do, so many secrets to share with parcels from the hands of Aunt Alice.

mother, grandmother and Aunt Alice. "Yes,"replied Mary Eleanor, nodding

Mother was helping her make needle her yellowish head, "When I was a little cases for grandmother and Aunt Alice. girl I thought that Santa Claus was a real

Every half hour was delightful for her as man, that he lived up at the North Pole she sat in mother's room and they sewed and drove reindeer. Now I know that

together. What fun it was, putting the father, mother, you. I, each one is a Santa

work away, if they heard grandmother or Claus to some one we love. If we love

Aunt Alice calling from the flat above people we want to give them things."

where they lived. "Of course, we do,"Aunt Mary agreed,

Two afternoons a week Mary Eleanor as she stood a fat, bulky parcel up beside went up to grandmother's flat and worked the trunk of the tree. "You know God so

on a luncheon set for mother. The yard loved the world that he gave to it the Baby

square cloth of white crepe was blanketJesus, years and years ago in the little stitched on each side with blue floss, and town of Bethlehem. The wise men carried

there were blue forgetme-nots in two of gifts to the Baby to make him happy and the corners. Making the pongee silk comfortable. During all the years since,

handkerchief for Uncle Harvey was harder people have been wanting to make chilthan the work on the luncheon cloth. dren happy so they give them presents.

Sometimes Mary Eleanor was almost disSometimes they do not want the children couraged over the handkerchief, but Aunt to know where the things come from, so

Alice was always close beside to cheer her they say they are from Santa Claus; I

up. think the spirit of Christmas is a wonShe had saved her pennies for almost a derful thing."

year, and she had four dollars to spend in "Mother says the spirit of Christmas the shops. Aunt Alice was so nice to go means love,"Mary Eleanor said.

shopping with, she was interested in books, "Yes. it does, and the greatest love one

in games, she thought it was lots of fun person can express for another is the givto make and stuff the stamped animals ing of something that one values very and dolls that the fancy work counters highly. You see God gave his Only Bedisplayed, and the cutters to make animal gotten Son."

cookies pleased her almost as much as they

Mary Eleanor wrinkled her forehead,did Mary Eleanor.

Three days before Christmas father "It means lots of love when we give somebrought home the grandest tree; it was thing we want ourselves, don't it?"

straight and tall and fitted perfectly in "Yes, I think it does,"Aunt Mary rethe alcove between the parlor fireplace and plied.

the book case. On Christmas eve after supper was over,

The happiest hour of all was when the folding doors into the parlor were

Aunt Mary arrived from Boston, in time opened; the electric button pushed and the

to help trim the tree. It took two afterstately tree flashed forth a thing of beauty,

noons, and no one was allowed in the with its dozens of red and green electric parlor except Aunt Mary and Mary lights.

Eleanor. The "ah's!"and "oh'!"were many, as

126 IMPROVEMENT ERA

uncles, aunts, father, mother and grand- "That's a splendid idea."Aunt Mary

mother took the seats Mary Eleanor had rewrapped the cutters and a queer little arranged for them. smile deepened the dimple in her plump

Uncle Harvey had been selected to help cheeks.

unload the tree. As he read off the names, Mary Eleanor's gift to Aunt Alice was

he handed the parcels to Mary Eleanor a set of cloth dolls known as "The Jones and she took them to their Tespective Family."They were all ready to cut, sew

owners. and stuff with cotton.

"Why, is this for me?"Father asked as r 'I knew you'd love to have them,"

he opened a box of crossword puzzles. Mary Eleanor smiled happily, "because.

Mary Eleanor laughed, "Yes, Daddy, Aunt Alice, you see they will be so nice you see when you are not using it, I can for the Hafferty twins to play with while loan it to little cripple Jim Brown. He their mother sweeps and dusts for you."

has had so much fun with my box of sliced animals."Mary Eleanor looked around, her father

"A good idea,"father nodded soberly. was laughing, but of course he had found

"Look at my book!"Grandmother held something funny in his box of crossword

up a gay, red volume entitled, The Girls puzzles.

at Sunnyside Farm. After she had gone to bed the grown-

"I got it on purpose for you to read ups lingered in the festive room discussing to Kitty Sanders, grandma,"Mary Eleanor the events of the evening.

explained. "You know you've read all my "What queer things she gave us,"said

books to her and I know she's never heard father.

this one. The cover feels good, too; I "I'm terribly disappointed in her,"said

almost believe her fingers can tell her the mother. "A child of ten should have some

color of it."idea of selecting suitable gifts."

"I'm sure we will enjoy it together,"Aunt Mary turned toward them! There

Grandmother said softly, as she wiped her was a misty shine in her blue eyes.

glasses. "Listen,"she began. "We all showered

Aunt Mary's parcel came next. Mary the child with expensive gifts. Pearl beads,

Eleanor stood waiting with a look of great a gold chain, a set ring, a silk dress, a expectancy on her round face. vanity case, a fur coat. Not one of us

"Animal cookie cutters!"Aunt Mary gave her anything she can share with anexclaimed. "How cute!"other. She is the only one among us

Mary Eleanor clapped her hands, who has truly displayed the spirit of,TThat's just what Aunt Alice said when Christmas. She gave us things that her

we found them in the tencent store. I'm own little heart told her would help us

like them, so Aunt Mary. glad you Next make others happy, and that truly is the

will visit to you, we I comesummer when make animal cookies for the laundress'spirit of Christmas."

little lame boy."San Diego, Calif.

Forgiveness

Last night the old home oped its arms for me

As if I had been all a child should be:

As if my deeds had not brought pain.

The old arms opened for me again;

And snug I nestled in its love

Oh, shall my sins not be forgiven above!

The head I silvered bends in tender care,

Master, will you, too, forgive me there?

GER1IE GlBbS Caddie Takes a Risk By Ida Stewart Peay

It was cold even in the enclosed back the material part of herself. It left her

landing where the women were congrefree to think of others, to plan for them, gated; outside the chilly winds of Decemto figure out the spiritual values'of life's

I hardly know,"she hesiber moaned dismally. episodes. "I—

"I intend to move at once,"pronounced tated in answer to her neighbor's query, her. Thethinlipped Mrs. Vane of the lower west slightly confused and sober—for

apartment. There was a baneful finality irrepressible smile that twitched at her

in her tone which sent a shiver through lavender lips was not allowed to appear.

at least one of her hearers. "I shan't be Her neighbors were in no mood for the

imposed upon in any such way."Her nonsensical and playfully satirical reply

brown eyes snapped her indigation as that flashed into her mind along with her maintaining her prideful posture she alarm—which was to the effect that she

pressed an intruding wrinkle from her spotwould repair at once to the RitzCarlton.

less house dress and smoothed the black Aloud she finished: "Mother will be upmass of her straight bob vigorously. set, no doubt."

"I shall move, also; I think it's just "My husband will simply leave home,"

too bad,"said young Mrs. Tolman of the shrugged Mrs. Vane tightening her lips and

downstair, east apartment. She seemed giving each word an especial emphasis:

very much annoyed, too, though her lips "and Elva and Gale will be scandalized."

were full of curving and the joy in her "Jack won't stand it for a moment, eyes was undimned. A morning negligee that I know,"echoed Mrs. Tolman.

of blue silk brought out the gold in her "Such a ragamuffin outfit! And afluffy hair; its scant material revealed her regular army, too—

, here they come, now,"fromgirlish slimness. She had been engaged "Sh—

in polishing her finger nails when called Caddie.

out to the back landing, now, with the The three women were instantly dumb;

ivory buffer still in her hand, she gave they moved apart guiltily. Each fumbled

her nails a stroke or two at intervals. in her mind to produce a common place

"What are you going to do Caddie?"remark which uttered loudly might take

she said. the embarrassing inference out of their

Thus addressed the third member of sudden silence. Mrs. Vane was the first

this impromptu conference gave a start. to get hold of her wits.

It was she who had shivered at Mrs. Vane's "Miz Tolman, do you mind if I set

dictum; it had plunged her into a mood this sack of cans on your side of the path

it's so inof perplexed speculation. Caddie ocfor today while I'm cleaning—

cupied the east side of the upper floor; the way here by my door?"she asked

she was just Caddie, Caddie V, to everyin a voluminous voice.

body. Her lips were a soft lavenderpink; "Why, certainly not; it won't bother

at all,"the youngthey easily widened into a smile and when me in the least—not

they did a spontaneous, gleeful twinkle Mrs. Tolman took her cue like a footappeared in her blue eyes which was both lights veteran and said her line slowly,

intimate and understanding. Her youthful resonantly while she and the other prochuckle, always infectious, belied her greytestor, and Caddie V watched the new

ing hair. She never seemed to be aware tenants file up the back stairs—the loaf

of her appearance; it was as if after dressing of bread and halffilled paper sacks the

her ample body cleanly and comfortably tenants were carrying indicating that they in the morning she set out upon her day's had been to the corner grocery.

affairs in the spirit entirely forgetful of The man went first shuffling uneasily, 128 IMPROVEMENT ERA

his head lowered, his hat pulled down, a when she got them settled here last night.

heavy scowl on his face. He was a thin Oh, dear, so important! She'd probably

sort of a person in an ill fitting, soiled, never been in an apartment house nearly cheap suit. Behind him trailed four chilso nice as this but she was trying to predren in the order of their size. There was tend she had. Their effects were a bat-

a boy perhaps ten years of age who had tered old trunk and a roll of ragged defiant blue eyes and curly blond hair; bedding."

he slouched alone unconsciously imitating "I don't see why our landlord had to his father. His shoes were much too worn fix up a oneroom apartment; he might

and much too damp to encourage a purknow only scum would take one room,"poseful step, but there was a twitch of grumbled Mrs. Tolman mildly.

disdainful pride in his shoulders as he "It's a large room,"suggested Caddie passed the firing squad of women ranged V. a trifle fidgety, apprehension in her

at the back door; he resented evidently usually merry eyes.

their only halfcamouflaged survey. Next "But why didn't he leave it a trapto him came a girl probably eight years room as it was?"Mrs. Vane protested.

old, closely followed by one not more "We need it for odds and ends. Whothan six; both were pinched and grimever heard of a man and a woman and

looking, blue with cold, and not dressed four children occupying one room!"

anywhere near in keeping with the "I suppose it has been done in a pinch,"weather. They dropped their dark heads giggled Caddie V., trying to throw some

under the inspection of their neighbors as lightness into the discussion.

their father had done. Lagging behind No one could resist Caddie Vs. little

was a baby boy who had scarcely touched hints of humor; Mrs. Vane was forced to

his fourth mile stone. Like his brother smile half heartedly. "Of course, in the

he was fair; there was the same hint of slums, but I mean among civilized folks."

high spirit in his wide open eyes. An "I suppose the landlord thought he had

undried tear clung to his cheek upon which to have something more coming in,"sugthe pink of babyhood vied with the blue gested Mrs. Tolman with a harmless sneer

of cold. His smooth lips surprised in a on her pretty mouth.

cry of discomfort remained apart in an "He'll have enough 'coming in'—and

absentminded pout as only half won from trapesing up those stairs, now, I'd imhis little troubles he glimpsed the vexed agine."slurred Mrs. Vane laughing a little

women and with the others sensed their with the other women at her pun. "I

disapproval. When his short legs had hope he happens along and sees them

achieved painfully the last step of the 'coming in'some day. They'll do more

staircase he flung back a reproachful glance damage than the rent will pay for. It

before the small procession, vanished would serve him right if they broke usaround the railing of the upper landing. through the stairs—foisting them on

"Ye gods, they grade up like steps! in this way."

Doesn't look like there was a year be- "He didn't put them I'll have in—guess

I,"Caddied V. snicktween them."moaned the outraged Mrs. to 'fess up'—it was

Vane. ered infectiously, the twinkle was in her

"It's just an awful pity,"sighed Mrs. eyes; "take it out on me,"she rounded her

Tolman. shoulders so comically her neighbors began

"They looked starved and frozen, too,"to laugh. They lunged toward her in presaid Carrie V. with a worry wrinkle betended anger while she slyly dodged. "You

tween her brows; "I wonder if they have see, it was this way,"Caddie affected

a fire up there? I haven't seen any extra her habitually jocular manner but she

wood or coal come; I'd better slip up and stammered a little; "when—when the

offer to lend them some."woman came last night she said she had

"But where is the woman?"Mrs. Vane arranged with Mr. Lander to take the

asked. "She seemed to be the whole show house and was to pay me; when I called

CADDIE TAKES A RISK 129

him up this morning he said she hadn't wanted more than anything to shelter these seen him. I told him she'd paid a month bedraggled wayfarers at least until after

in advance, so he said for me to let her Christmas. She had a little fight in her,

stay."she bragged to herself. Wasn't she a Lee?

"The old Shylock to inflict us for that But, of course, orders were orders. The

paltry ten dollars! Well, he can't put anylandlord had been explicit. If the worst

will think came to the worst the wanderers must go.thing over on me—why, people

this is a slum district;"it was Mrs. Vane Shrugging her shoulders, Caddie threw the

speaking; "when Jim comes off his run matter figuratively upon the lap of the

we'll move."gods. She would take no steps at present;

"And I'll tell Jack this very night,"she hadn't the heart to do so. "There isvowed Mrs. Tolman. a destiny that shapes our ends—"she

"Let's you and I go house hunting toquoted philosophically to herself and went morrow,"Mrs. Vane suggested to Mrs. about her business providing wood and

Tolman. coal to warm the new tenants.

"All right."Mrs. Tolman agreed. "Thought maybe you'd like to borrow

"What time?"some fuel until your's comes,"she said,

"About threethirty."sticking her head in at the traproom door

"You won't move until after Christmas, and grinning in neighborly familiarity as will you? It's less than a week,"remonshe deposited two buckets full on the floor;

strated Caddie V. "we've plenty and your's may be late

"You bet your life I'll move,"Mrs. coming."She closed the door quickly,

Vane was inelegantly vehement. "I not willing to notice the uncleanliness that

it would be spoiled! If Lander doesn't yesterday surreptiously cleaned and fur-—wouldn't spend Christmas here for worlds already pervaded the room she had only

put them out tomorrow, out I go."nished.

"That's my baby waking,"cried Mrs. Yes, swiftly, twentyfour hours earlier,

Tolman speeding away as she heard the when the woman had appealed to her for sleepy wail of a rousing child. "even a tiny spot in the attic"Caddie had

"I must run, too, my bread is in the thought of the traproom, had figured to oven, and maybe burning,"said Mrs. Vane herself that she could spare her sanitary

likewise vanishing into her apartment. couch and some chairs, had remembered

Caddie V. put her hand over her chin that there was a discarded, rusty cook

as she always did when disturbed and stove, a set of shelves, and a rickety bedslowly climbed the stairs. There was stead in the basement, and had said in

ample reason for her perturbation. Her sheer pity: "We might be able to house

conscience pricked her because she had not you for a time."

told her neighbors the whole truth about Encouraged no doubt by the kindly the entrance of this disturbing element lines about Caddie's mouth the woman had into Rose Terrace. Bah; she was not confided that she was "clear desperate;"

herself; only that she had tried every place advertisedunder oath—she consoled

fools tell everything they know. Besides, for rent in the city and could not get in

how could anyone make a woman like anywhere on account of the children and

Mrs. Vane understand. That an emotion her inability to pay more than ten dollars;

of them—wereof compassion could intoxicate a person that her children—four

to the point of taking unwarranted priviwaiting in the railroad station even now.

leges could never be made clear to Mrs. "If we could only stay until after ChristVane. Indeed, if Caddie had revealed the mas—"she had pleaded. Hence while her

telephone conversation she had with the neighbors were shopping Caddie had landlord in its entirety, she reflected, her quietly, but fearfully cleaned and furcase would have been lost on the start. As nished the room and let the stragglers in.

it was she harbored a wild hope that someShe had expected to be able to explain to theirthing would happen to help her. She the.other tenants—to work upon

130 IMPROVEMENT ERA

sympathies, perhaps: but, alas, Mrs. she dumped her piccaninnies on the unapVane's wrath and indignation had dried preciative neighborhood.

the fount of Caddie's mentally planned Sunday, however, everything was proeloquence before it had started to flow. pitious for a climax. Mr. Vane and Mr.

And now Caddie (as she termed herself) Tolman were in their respective apartwas flabbergasted. ments, the landlord had ventured to be

Four days elapsed; the status quo of "at home,"and the vanished lady had been

Rose Terrace remained unchanged. The seen late the night before mounting the

small, but rather pretentious clinker brick stairs to her percarious shelter.

apartment house gave no sign on its Also, during the latter part of the fourbrightly painted ornate front of the outday typhoon a mystery had developed ward onslaught of December's blizzards or around the invaders, which had proved a of the inward attack on its respectabality. slight solace. The last two nights the man

Neither Mrs. Vane nor Mrs. Tolman had from upstairs had been heard leaving the

moved. The family ensconced in the one house at three o'clock in the morning; and

room apartment on the west side of the Mrs. Vane who had been the fortunate

upper floor was still toiling up and down detective had actually seen him return at the stairs at all times of the day and night. the early hour of four.

Caddie's mother was becoming more "I'll bet they're bootleggers; if they are

fretful each hour declaring that she would that rogue shall not escape me, I'll lie not much longer endure the racket. Mrs. awake all night but that I'll catch him,"

Vane had spluttered, fumed, raged, used Mrs. Vane told her tardy protector the

every expletive of anger and disgust she moment he returned.

could recall and then repeated herself until Late Sunday afternoon the two families the uselessness of it all had set her lips from down stairs went up to Caddie Vs.

travesty on the lovely chilled Caddie to the heart with theirinimpotence—aa thin line leaving her speechless with cozy living room; they surprised and

quality of forbearance. Mrs. Tolman had first words.

echoed the storm with her usual amity "Well, we've come to say goodbye;

and forced vehemence. And all the while we're going in the morning."Mrs. Vane

Caddie V. had tremblingly waited—like said with great

in the 'Venice'Mecawber—for something favorable to her two empty apartmentssatisfaction. "There are

scheme to turn up. which we can get. Mrs. Tolman and I

The reason Mrs. Vane had not shaken have had enough of this!"

the snow of Rose Terrace from her feet Caddie V. began to flutter inwardly.

was that Mr. Vane had taken over a fourDear, dear, the evil hour had arrived!

would.day run of a fellow railroader who was ill. Nothing had saved her—nothing

the luck "The landlord will put them out as soonMrs. Tolman's loverhusband—as

of the intruders upstairs would have it as he finds that you have gone,"she prowas sent away to open a new territory for tested hardly knowing what she was saying his firm. The landlord was out of town, and not wishing to say that at all.

also, no doubt for the sole purpose of "It will serve them all right—Lander

evading his tenants; he must have guessed and those imposters, too,"scored Mrs.

that Caddie's scheme for housing some of Vane.

terthe midwinter riffraff, and incidentally "It's so near to Christmas—it's so

is so deep,"deploredadding to his coffers, would not be acribly cold—the snow

ceptable to them. Then to multiply Caddie V., breathlessly trying to think.

coincidences the mother of the unwelcome "It's no bother for us to move; we

is furbrood of the upper floor (for whom Mrs. keep in readiness—every thing

Vane had saved the bulk of her wrath, nished in the Venice, you know. We'll

slyly presuming that she could force the just call a van for our trunks and a taxi woman out by a strong current of confor ourselves,"declared determined Mrs.

tempt) had not been seen since the night Vane.

CADDIE TAKES A RISK 151

Caddie turned inquiring eyes to Mr. that they're hungry. Every mouthful I eat

Vane. up there pritty near sticks in my throat

"Anything that pleases the Mrs. is O. when I think of these younguns down here.

kids."K. with me,"he grinned unconcernedly.—I brought a few cakes—here

Up until that moment Caddie had not There was a suppressed sound of pleasdespaired but now all hope receded, after ure. "Um, um."

all she would have to put these wandering "Don't I git none?"This in a

children out in the street. Her unsatisfied grumbling tone from the man.

motherheart yearned over the little crea- "I only brought four."

tures. Time and again the baby had "Dad had un,"the baby protested

brushed against her skirt, unconsciously wbiningly.

courting a caress and she had patted his "Dry up."

blond head tenderly; the older boy had "What does he mean?"

followed her with wistful, hungry eyes; the "He's a bawlbaby."

little girls had lingered near her as long "Did you git a cake and not give tht as they dared whenever she had spoken to baby one?"The woman seemed deeply

them; she had seen something lovable in shocked and sorrowful.

each one. How could she drive them out The baby began to tell something in a

two days before Christmas? To be sure loud voice.

the house did not belong to her, and orders "Dry up, will you?"

were orders. When she told the landlord "Hen, you let that kid be; he's only

what she had done he had said: "Put a baby. Ain't you got no patience? My

them out at once if the down stairs tenGod! I wonder if there was ever any kids

ants are dissatisfied; can't have those two that has it as bad as mine? A man ain't

apartments vacant in the middle of the got no business taking care of kids—he

winter."Caddie knew that she must now ain't got no patience."

confess her duplicity and tell the Vanes "They're the meanest little imps,"the and Tolmans they need not go. She man grumbled.

opened her mouth to speak but just then "They ain't neither; they're good kids,"

the door to the traproom, which was next defensively.

to Caddie's, was suddenly opened and the "Yes. Mary's a good one, ain't she?

party in Caddie's room could not help She is alius tellin'somethin'."

hearing what went on in there for the "She ain't neither; she only said she was

moment or two in which alarm and some hungry. What did you give 'em

indefinite sense of illbeing held them for supper?"

speechless. "They each had a hunk of bread—all

"Hello."a woman's voice exclaimed, they was. How fur do you think a dollar

sharply. and a half goes?"

The man growled; the children all be- "Course. I had to pay the rent, this

Finally cent I had left. Then I bet you went and—Mama,gan talkingsayat once.Mama, "Mama,whan—."what'd you week, and that dollar and a half was every

the woman's voice rose above the general bought your old coffee out of that. What

murmur. these kids need is milk."

"Don't make so much noise. Can't you "Milk! Can't drink milk; it's like

remember what a time I had gettin'a place drinkin'gold; gotta get coal out of next

for you to stay? I had to lie to get in week's pay; can't borry of this lady forhere; nobody wants a bunch of kids. Now ever."

be still or they'll put you out. Mary, "Gee. I'll be glad when you get work

what are you crying about?"Mary's again."

reply was too low to be heard; the wom- "You know they ain't nothin'for a

I ain't an's voice continued; "Hungry! Good day laborer this time of year—and

land. Hen. ain't these kids had no supper? well yet. neither. They ain't a heart in noIt seems like all I hear when I get home is body these days. Everybody's stuffed up

132 IMPROVEMENT ERA

to iheir palates till they ain't got no pity; friends every cent of their pay checks, yet

they'd see kids starve before they'd lift they found a way to admit the famous a hand."guest of the great Day of Giving.

"No, folks ain't that bad, Hen. PeoJack Tolman was the first to tiptoe up

ple is pretty good hearted when they know to Caddie's door. "My, I sure 'blowed'

how things are. But who wants to go myself,"he told Caddie in a chuckling

around asking charity? I don't. Well, whisper; "got 'em a turkey—that's what

we're wastin'time. I better clean this I used to long for when I was a kid.

room up a be back 'fore You're such a marvelous cook, Caddie, I little—gottaseven. But if you'll come for me again thought maybe you'd roast it and present

it; I wouldn't know how."He wentat twelve—they'll be home then—I'll

come back and finish Sadie's dress. You'll away all smiles.

have to take me back at two, tonight, I Then pretty Mrs. Tolman came pussy-

a good footing up. She had squeezed enoughain't been gettin'enough sleep—it's

thing my room's in the basement."from her budget to buy a tin whistle and

"Are you comin'home for Christmas?"a top for the baby, and a jack knife for

one of the children piped. Harry. "You know,"she said in a

"Dear, no; I gotta cook a big dinner gurgling undertone, "that boy, with his

up there. Can't git here 'fore six—don't blue eyes and curly hair reminds me of

know what you poor kids '11 do."Jack, and I'll bet he'll make something

The children began to sniffle and cry. of himself like Jack has. Don't you think

"We ain't never had no Christmas."he will?"She was all kindness.

At this point there was stir in Caddie's Mrs. Vane went in for mittens. She

room. "I've heard enough,"Jack Tolwas quite breathless in her pleasure. "I

the fourman said suddenly and at his words all got 'em at a bargain—taking

present realized that they had been listenreal wool. And, mercy, I pair—they're

ing to other people's affairs. They all don't know what those children need

looked shamefaced. worse than mittens,"she emphasized hap- "I suppose if we move—"began Mrs. pily to Caddie for she, too, had brought

Vane, evidently very much subdued her Christmas offering for the hapless we'd add to their troubles."family up to Caddie's door.

"Multiply them,"Caddie's twinkle The Vane girls dressed two of their came through a mist. old dolls. "We're thrilled to tears,"they

"Where's our toddler?"Jack Tolman giggled under their breath, whn the)('

asked of hiswife with a tender note of slipped their dolls up stairs to their neighsolicitude. bor. "Don't they look simply darling?"

"Elva and Gale have him."both asked proudly, exhibiting their handi-

"Yes, and I suppose the girls will have work.

dinner ready, too,"Mr. Vane observed, his Even Mr. Vane mounted the stairs.

face thoughtful. There was a pleased sparkle in his eyes.

None of them spoke of the pathetic "I've interested the civic center people,"drama they had just overheard. The he explained softly, "and they're going

down stairs tenants hurried away. Caddie to send coal and groceries tonight. I have

V. was left to guess at their reaction. She another scheme on foot for them, too, if

decided not to speak but she waited in a it develops as I am planning—tell you

fever of anxiety. about it later."

The next day no moving vans apCaddie V. cooked all day. She made

peared. Caddie soon began to feel the doughnuts and raisin bread and mince

Christmas spirit instead. And what a beaupie until the upper floor smelled like

tiful spirit developed! Everyone seemed a bakery shop. She even managed to

to be cherishing a zestful little secret. All get her mother excited to the point of a

of the occupants of Rose Terrace had planbenevolent gesture. "Here, mother, can't

ned to spend for themselves and their you run these stockings up by hand for

CADDIE TAKES A RISK 133

me?"She cried in a flutter of gaity saw everything she smiled and laughed deas she produced some bright red and green lightfully, of course, but the tears trickled

mosquitobar cut into four pairs of stockdown her cheeks in a stream.

ings. "You see. I'm going to fill them "Oh, ain't this grand for my poor

up with candy and nuts and oranges and kids,"she kept saying. Once she said

hang them up in their room. Won't that to her husband, "You see, Hen, it's like

be Christmasie?"Caddie was deliciously I told you. people's hearts is good when

thrilled, she had done this same thing a they know how things are."

thousand times in her mind for the little The climax came for this little family its opposite neverones of her own who had never material-—for good fortune likeized; it seemed just about as good to comes single—when Mr. Vane rushed up

do it now for some "of these."stairs late that night to say that a friend

"Yes, it will. Caddie, and I'll make of his had a small farm near town withthe stockings for you. But, my, it will out a tenant; there was not much work

poultrybring our grocery bill up out of sight."to do this time of year—stock and "Oh, we'll pinch or something else; to feed, a few cows to milk—Mr. Vane's

it was Caddie's friend, therefore, could pay only a smallI'll give up my cocoa"—one extravagance—"and I'll make the salary but there was everything to eat on

broom last until February,"she pacified the place, milk, cream, eggs, flour, cured with her merry twinkle. meat, pitted vegetables; would this man

Christmas day every one in the Terrace like to take the place?

went up to the onetime traproom to The man said he would, quickly see how the "unfortunates"were enjoying enough, grinning for the first time since the great occasion. The way those chilhe arrived and offering the information

dren were stuffing candy and nuts and that he was brought up on a farm and doughnuts, and carrying around turkey liked no place better.

bones was both comical and touching to "I'm so pleased,"the woman confided witness. The girls hugged their dolls, the to Caddie, crying a little for joy; "Hen

baby tooted his horn, the big boy whittled ain't a bad feller: he's good. He's only

in smiling content. Rose Terrace was acted this way since he's been out of work,

vibrant. Mrs. Vane was particularly happy and hungry all the time, and had to take

ain't got noand volluble. care of the kids—a man

"Hasn't it been the loveliest Christbusiness takin'care of kids; men ain't

mas?"she gushed to Caddie. "And you got no patience.

know Gail and Elva have a lot a dresses "An'I won't never forget you nor we can make over for those little girls this Christmas if I live a thousand years,"during the holidays."she went on; "it's been a really Merry

Caddie smiled. Mrs. Vane was eviChristmas."and the look she gave Caddie

dently not planning to leave. opened the door to the kingdom—the Towards evening the mother being exkingdom of pure joy—to that kindlv

pected everyone assembled to wish her motherheart.

Merry Christmas. When she came and Pcovo. Utah

Gleams of Hope

Dawn, like the sun, dispells the sad gloom

Displaying the morn, and scenting its bloom'

Never a night but follows a day

Never a tear that won't brush away!

Always a heart to cheer you and fight

Crowning with peace Love's joyous flight!

WESTON N. NORDGRAN

ChildMother Mary

ChildMother Mary, when your hour had come.

And in your arms you held the Infant Son

Who had been sent To change the vision of man's earthdimmed eyes,

And pierce the gloom of Judah's darkened skies,

With light that should grow brighter through the years;

Above the joy and wonderment of this.

In that first hour, did you know aught but bliss

Of just your mothering?

ChildMother Mary, how you must have kissed, (E'en as would I,) The warm, soft, dimpled fists of Him,

And fondled and caressed His wee, pink feet,

As willing mothers do!

Methinks, naught but a Babe divinely sweet,

Was He, the Mangercradled, unto you!

And when, led by the gleam of Bethlehem's Star,

The Magi came to you from lands afar,

To worship Him;

Their offerings of treasure to unfold

Gifts of Myrrh and frankincense and gold

Rare votives for a shrine, Did your mind dwell then, even as has mine.

Upon a gift of more intrinsic worth

A soul brought forth through miracle of birth?

ChildMother Mary, though your heart was riven.

In after years, when 'pon the Cross was nailed

Your Babe, to manhood grown, to whom was given

The power to suffer meekly when assailed

By mocking fools;

When Golgotha's Tragedy was ended

For Him, your Son, And He at length unto the Heavens ascended

The lash, for you, became a budding rod.

For lo! you were the Mother of a God!

Grace Ingles Frost Larry Larson, Specialist By Albert R. Lyman

clerk showed him into a back room of the store where theTHEmanager scowled at him from under a green eyeshade and a mat of tousled hair, "Your account ain't good for another dollar,"he growled, without waiting to hear what was wanted, and looking as if he might bound out of that swivel chair with doubled fist.

"Well, couldn't you give me something to do?"Larson faltered timidly, "We're clear down to the bedrock—'bout to lose the

home,"he gulped and hesitated, "I'm ready to do anything."

"That's just it,"snarled Manager Tompkins, more petulant than ever, "Anything! You can do one thing about as well as

another, but you can't do anything up to snuff. We have to kick

can havethese menof-allwork out of the way every day—we

them anytime at our own price. They get mighty little when

they get anything, but they're generally busy in the ranks of their

Unemployed. Nothing doing! This is a dayown army—The

of specialists."

With new despair Larson turned back for the street, "I neglected to say,"Tompkins yelled after him with biting fury, "your account's due in five days, and we expect prompt settlement."

Five it would be just six days till Dixon and days—and

Turner would take the little home and lot, allowing him nothing for the payments which had covered half the original price. And

:he shelves of the little pantry were bare, the flourbin almost

empty! The vision of it haunted him. He knew the children

had been hungry two days, and he knew Christeena had done a neighbor's washing along with her own, trying to keep it a secret from him. tugged at his heartSomething had to be done—desperation

strings. He looked down at his shabby suit with chilling consciousness that Christeena's and the little girls'were worse—they

could not be seen outside the gate. With clenched jaw and firm

resolution, he stalked into the office of Harmon and Brown.

"No, sir,"protested Mr. Brown, impatient at being disturbed,

"this work of collecting calls for special preparation; it simply

can't be done by just anybody,"and turning boldly back to his pen and his ledger he left Larson to go or stand there gazing, and he made his way to the street feeling like a dog kicked off a doorstep.

136 IMPROVEMENT ERA

This made fifteen places to which he had applied in vain, and he could think of just two more possibilities. In J. M. Wade's

carpenter shop it took just one quick glance at the work, and one quicker word from the old sorehead who bossed the job, to convince him the place called for a man made to order. The whirr

of a gasoline bandsaw mocked at him as he stumbled back to the sidewalk.

At the gristmill old Jones, dusty and disagreeable, appeared from a stairway and gripped his long beard just long enough to guess what was wanted. "We'll have no greenhorn a ruining this

machinery,"he squeaked, in his cracked old voice, and disappeared through a doorway.

The world looked darker still from those gristmill steps as

Larson descended. Anyway, he could milk cows, and with Peterson's big herd in the edge of town, he could at least report special

ability for something.

"Nothing so primitive here,"blurted young Peterson, superiorly, having just assumed the management, "that's done by elecin that line, and hetric milkers. My kid brother has specialized

oversees it."

in Larry's heart as he turned with- A sick feeling welled up out a ghost of encouragement from that nineteenth prospect. The

specialist had gobbled everything! Moping dejectedly along, he

a specialistsaw a big pile of wood in a yard. "Well, after all, I am

at chopping wood,"he half sobbed to himself, with humiliating sense of worthlessness, "I've chopped it and stacked it up by the cord.". "No,"whined Mrs. Wilson, in the nagging tone employed tor

her whimpering children, "I don't want this yard all cluttered up with chips and trash. Jim Kelly specializes in this woodcutting

with his gasoline saw, and he gets the job."

With the cries and protests of the loving young Wilsons growing fainter behind him, he turned with heavy foot, and heavier heart towards home. Christeena met him at the door, and she understood all about it before he said a word. If she had seen him

it that much sooner. through the window, she would have known

it: they all saw it in his face and figure,And the little girls knew

the blight of it went through the little home, adding darkness to the gloom. On the wondrous wireless, over which souls communicate without speech, the whole dismal story had gone to them.

From him they had already got the scowl and the growl of old

Tompkins, the impatience of Brown, the snarl of Wade's shop boss, and the stings and cuts of twenty heartless refusals.

Sinking into a chair he leaned dejectedly forward, his face in his hands. The little girls came quietly near to him and began

LARRY LARSON, SPECIALIST 137

to cry. "What will become of us?"moaned Christeena, leaning on

the back of the rickety old rocker.

He raised his head to meet her gaze despairingly. In every

line of her lovely face, and in her blue eyes, he saw perfect love and devotion and faith in his clean life. If he mourned, she mourned;

if he rejoiced, she rejoiced. Whatever his emotion, she caught it by

the splendid instinct of her love and nourished it as her own. He

knew she had no better dress than that faded, patched gown she wore; and he knew the dear little girls, with staring, inquiring sympathy ail over their faces, wore their best, their only covering.

From his seat there in the kitchen he could see enough of the pantry to know it was empty as his own stomach, and all round him he saw sad traces of want. The front room and the bedroom

showed the pinch of poverty, and his yards and buildings outside told a story of born of despair. Six weeks withneglect—neglect

out work, and no prospect of anything in sight.

When they retired he lay thinking with a prayer to God for light; ten o'clock, eleven, faithful timepiece tolled off twelve,—the

the hour. No sleep, but a panorama of twenty refusals, the loss of

everything, beggary. Specialists! The unemployed! The clock

struck one, and still he paced the wide and dreary field of his reflections and found nothing on which to hang his hopes.

The children slept. He knew by their heavy breathing they

were at rest, but he fancied Christeena had gone on a pilgrimage similar to his own, and he resolved not to betray his own unrest.

Then from the jungle of this world of thought, where faces and figures of the past day peered out at him like menacing ghosts, a shape began to appear with unmistakable promise. When the

clock struck two, he knew beyond doubt that from the terrible gloom something had really taken form, had enlightened him to turn the whole fierce tide of his adversity. All lingering possibilities of sleep

departed while he built and planned and refreshed himself in visions of glorious achievement.

With the first gray light he arose and began a general cleanup of his yards and buildings, getting rubbish ready to remove or to burn, and correcting and soothing the distressed complexion of the premises. In every turn it gave him pleasure, for now he had a plan

smiled broadly to himself as he contemplated the richness of it.—he

Christeena came out in surprise, "Why I thought you wouldn't do a tap to make this place any better for Dixon and Turner since they're going to take it away from us,"she began in the discouraged tone of the previous evening.

"Dixon and Turner won't turn us out. Honey,"he assured

her, relying on the invincible plan for which he still smiled with rising assurance.

13 8 IMPROVEMENT ERA

"Why Larry,"she interrupted, every line of her face relaxing as she looked in his eyes. "What is it? Tell me what you've found,"

she pleaded in a glad ecstasy of expectation.

"I can't tell you just now, Steenie,"he answered, reassuringly, the glad light of hope still in his eyes and all over his face, "but our affairs are to change for the better."

"Oh, I'll try to find something for breakfast, and clean up the house,"she bubbled, new music in her voice, and new spring in her motion as she ran up the steps. From the kitchen he heard

her humming an old love song, and a little later she roused the children. "Oh, come and get up,"she called, with a charm in her voice

which she knew would bring them out like magic to see what had happened. "It's a beautiful morning,"she told them, "the birds

are singing out there in the trees, and Papa's fixing up the place to look like the bishop's place."

Sure enough, here came the little girls down the steps in their nightgowns, looking and listening for the glad features of a new world. But first they must make sure their Papa was to be in it.

and coming straight to him they looked up in his face.

"Oh, Papa!"cried Elsie in keen delight, for he was really a

part of the new world, maybe the biggest part of it, "isn't it nice this morning?"

"It's sure nice,"affirmed Lauritz Larson with a big smile. He

stooped to kiss the little girls, drawing them to him while he rested a minute, and he observed how sweet and happy is the world of little folks, if no one brings an unnatural cloud into it.

After breakfast, making himself as presentable as possible, he kissed Christeena and the children, and leaving the bright reflex of his expectant smile on their faces, he headed straight for the office of Harmon and Brown. Through the window he saw old Harmon

at the desk, his face like the sky before a storm. When he straightened

up from his work and peered over his glasses, he still wore the stormcloud expression, but suddenly it changed, as if the sun had broken through, "Oh, is that you, Larry?"he demanded in pleasant

surprise. "You seem to feel mighty good about something."

"I admit it,"Larson agreed, beaming as if about to relate that he had found a gold mine, and old Harmon's mouth dropped in eager anticipation. "But in spite of that,"Larry added, taking full

account of the old man's expectancy, "I'd like to do some collecting for you on commission."

"Collect?"queried the old man, scratching his head absently.

"What's the other thing you was about to tell me?"

"That'll be more appropriate to tell when I bring in the cash you're wanting,"Larry suggested, still appearing almost too full of the pleasant secret to keep it in. "What do you say?"

LARRY LARSON. SPECIALIST 139

Plainly the rift in the clouds was unusual, such a glad break in the monotony of the old man's dismal life, he had no tendency to refuse. "The job's yours,"he cackled, making smilewrinkles

across the old frownfurrows in his face, and revealing some long teeth, "But I've sure got to hear that story. Be here at ten and the

list and terms will be ready."

With the broad smile of his assurance almost rippling away on the air, he resolved to see Manager Tompkins. To that same

back room a clerk conducted him. and the same scowl appeared under

the green shade and the tousled hair. But the scowl softened, theeyes opened in surprise. "What the—"staggered old Tompkins,

smiling against his intentions, though Larson had simply beamed down on him with bi kindness and not a word. "I was afraid you

wouldn't come I wanted to apologize as soon as you went back—

out."'"Sail right, no apology called for,"Larry declared, still holding to the thing the manager wanted to know. what's the—"But a—

"I can't tell it just now,"Larson asserted, the light of it still radiating from his face,"but it leaves me feeling appreciative of the friends who trusted me while I was up against it, and I want to give them first chance at my trade."

His reference to those who had trusted him, brought a blush to the manager's face. "See here, Larry, he pleaded, "I'd be delighted

to have you go in there and get whatever you want, and take your own time to pay for it. Oh, I can see you're not under necessity

as you were yesterday,"he urged, noting in Larson's face the certain light of some splendid assurance, "but if you'll do it, I'll feel better.""Well, I didn't intend to do it in just that way,"Larry ventured, scratching his head, "but if that's what you really want, I'll do it.""Good,"declared the manager with relief, "and whenever you feel like it, I'd be delighted to hear what has happened. And say,"

he brightened with a sudden memory, "you wanted to work for us,"and then darkening, "but I guess you won't do that now."

"I would like to work here with you folks,"Larson declared, in tones of appreciation, "but I am to be engaged with other things."

At nine o'clock, with an armful of parcels, Larry met Christeena at the door. "Oh, I expected to have more of this done before you

came,"she half apologized, reflecting again the bright assurance of his face, and over her shoulder he saw the house had already undergone a great change in appearance.

"Well, since I have to go back, I'll not do it, and you may still get it done before I come,"he said, kissing her. and dropping the

140 IMPROVEMENT ERA

bundles in her apron. "I have work waiting for me, and may not

be back till evening."

"Oh, Larry,"she gasped, her joy shining through big tears in did it happen?"her blue eyes, "do tell me about it—how

But Larry smiled and kissed her again. "Have a good supper

ready for us,"and turning with big strides he made for the office of Harmon and Brown.

When old Harmon handed out the papers, his look still pleading for the story back of Larson's smile, there appeared on the list, among others, Wade's carpenter shop, Hyrum Jones, the miller;

Junior Peterson of the dairy, and Mrs. Jake Wilson. The new

collector decided to visit these first.

Wade's boss, black with tar but blacker with chronic ill temper, crawled out from the oily machinery of a bandsaw as pleasant as a starving grizzly. "Wha'ja want?"he growled, still glaring at

some disorder in the coggs, but when the answer failed to come as he expected, he threw his glance threateningly up to the visitor's face, you, Larson?"he stammered, apologetically, with "Oh—that

see, do you want to work for us?"—er—let'ssomething resembling a smile visible through the tar and scowls, "T

"Well, I would have liked to work with you fellows,"he affirmed, beaming all over with the glad assurance that he had something a thousand times better, "but I ran into something else."

"What is it?"the boss asked, dropping his wrench and straightening up like a boy expecting to be told where to find a litter of

new puppies.

"I may tell you sometime,"the new collector answered, fairly itching with the charm of it, "but for the present I am here on quite different business."

The sight of the bill, a large one, was the very thing, ordinarily, to stand the grizzly bear on his haunches in defiance of everybody, but looking from it to Larson's face, he had to reflect Larson's smile, just as you have to register prevailing heat or cold whether you want to or not. '"Sail right,"he chuckled, rather contrary to some hateful resolve, '"san honest debt, 'n I'll pay it right now, seein'it's you askin'for it, but it's a good thing for ol'Harmon and Brown they didn't come theirselves.""But say—"he pursued in an undertone, two minutes later,

handing over the check, and looking the new collector in the eye, "what the dickens has struck you, anyway?"

"You'll probably hear about it,"and Larry smiled all the more, "but for the present I'm much obliged for this prompt settle-

I'll remember it in your favor."ment—

When old Hyrum Jones appeared like a ghost on the stairs,

Larson caught his eye in time to forestall any wrong start, "What's

LARRY LARSON. SPECIALIST 141

the good news?"piped the old man, brightening, "Look like you

might just fallen heir to a fortune."

"Maybe I have,"the new collector admitted, seeming to roll his rich secret under his tongue, "but just now it's my misfortune to present you this bill."

Jones scrutinized it carefully, debating whether to pay or delay. Looking up at Larry's face he smiled involuntarily. "I'd

sure like to know what's come to ye,"he squeaked, stroking his dusty beard. Getting no answer, he looked again at the bill, "Does

it matter to you personally whether I pay this now or later?"

"If you pay now, it will confirm my judgment, for I have you rated with safe and prompt settlement."

With the check in his pocket he went straight from the mill to

Peterson's dairy, and found Junior bossing a cleanup of the stables.

At first the young dairyman waxed very superior, but getting a straight look into Larson's eyes, he paused in the middle of a highflown statement of business, "You're just kidding me,"he protested, blushing that this pretended jobhunter should lead him on to crow, "you've got something up your sleeve, I guess I really—

misunderstood you didn't fall heir to this mortgage?"and you—say,

Junior turned pale with the thought.

"Not exactly,"smiled the new collector, looking as if he had become heir to something even better, "and I'm not kidding you at all. I'm glad to hear you are so prosperous, not only because you

deserve it, but it will enable you to settle with Harmon and Brown, whom I am representing.

With goodnatured evasions of the thing Peterson wanted very much to discuss, he departed with the check, leaving the young dairyman trying to guess what strange turn Larson's affairs had taken.

From Mrs. Wilson he collected half the account, got definite

promise of the rest in ten days, refused the invitation to chop her woodpile, and pleasantly dodged her one leading question. He made

easy work of the others whom he still had time to visit that day, collecting from most of them.

At the office he found Brown in the swivel chair, apparently in bad humor over the accounts. The junior partner roused up with

was telling me that something—"butsomething—you, Larson—Harmonon his lips, but he refrained, and his eyes brightened, "Oh

when the new collector put the day's collection on the desk before tried tohim, he appeared nonplussed. "Well, by George—Harmon

tell I'll declare."me—er—well

At the door of his home Larry met Christeena beaming with joy and hope. Back of her beamed the little girls, and every room and

the front yard beamed likewise. After that delightful supper, the

morning's work was taken up again in the yards, and it went on from daylight till breakfast time next morning.

142 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Passersby were overheard that day to say, "He's fallen heir to something, look at the change."

But the change became more pronounced. He settled in full

with Tompkins, while the old manager protested the settlement was too soon to be acceptable. He satisfied the demands of Dixon

and Turner in ample time, in fact he paid the last intallment before it fell due.

Just what had really happened became the speculation of the town, though everybody knew something wonderful had fallen into

Larry Larson's hands; that could be plainly seen in his face, in his

life and affairs, the appearance of his beautiful wife and happy children. Everybody sought his company, so pleasant and agreeable, so sympathetic to the poor and unfortunate.

From every quarter individuals and companies asked for his expert service, and Harmon and Brown raised his allowance liberally for fear they would lose him. Bishop Robison wanted him to

collect some delinquent assessments for the new meeting house. "I

know you're a busy man,"apologized the bishop, "and I can't afford any commission, but the work requires a specialist, and we have very few men able to do it."Larry did it.

The Relief Society wanted a specialist to arrange terms with a contracting concern, and they sent a committee to induce Larson to undertake it. He made the desired terms. He became the successful

teacher in an M Men's class, for which the president had sought a specialist as the only hope of dealing with the hoodlum element.

A committee of the town requisitioned his services to superintend a reception for the governor, and they thought the reception was better than any other man could have arranged it. Contending

brethren brought their difficulties to him for settlement, and smiled pleasantly over the happy compromise he suggested. Even contemplated law suits yielded to the smiles of his persuasion, and he

left behind him a wide trail of good will wherever he went. The

old, the sick, the discouraged, and people who had been soured on life in general, camped on his trail, and waited in ambush to waylay him wherever possible. And always he smiled at them or gave

a kind word, a handshake or a caress, and they caught the mysterious cheer of his inheritance and found new courage.

And the little folks, particularly the unfortunate and the unhappy, feasted on Larson's smiles, and their troubled little hearts swelled big with joy under the spell of his words and his caresses wherever he found them.

Companies and corporations paid well for his special powers as an operator among men. The president of the great merchandising

company, which had employed Tompkins as manager of one of their stores, made a trip to that part of the country for the sole purpose

LARRY LARSON. SPECIALIST 143

of making Lauritz Larson the new manager, by outbidding every other industry on his trail. And Tompkins, surprised and humiliated,

asked to be a clerk under the new manager, assuring him the enlightenment of the whole affair would make the old manager a better clerk than he had been a manager.

The new manager's home and yards were the pride of a wide neighborhood, a telling impetus in every direction for similar improvements at other homes. And his mysterious inheritance, or rich

find, or unusual discovery, whatever it could be, bred smiles and pleasant expectation with all who knew of it, as if they were to be joint heirs.

Even though this change had been due to misfortune, instead of to happiness, and the secret of it had been withheld from her, faithful Christeena would have forgiven Larry's failure to tell her what brought it about. Yet she still wished very much to know how

it happened. But old Harmon, the now pleasant clerk, Tompkins,

and even Wade's once disagreeable boss, insisted they had been promised an account of the whole thing in due time, and they united in declaring the time had arrived.

To compel the fulfilment of the promise without further delay, they planned to celebrate the anniversary of a special increase in business which had come to the two firms as a direct result of Larry's efforts. They announced a banquet of the town, promising as the

special feature, that Manager Larson would tell the story of his mysterious inheritance several years before.

When the moment arrived, and he appeared at the head of the great hall, filled with beaming friends, he met a deafening applause, and then the old clock grew loud on the wall as they listened. His

face showed unmistakably that wonderful fortune had come to him.

and it was a face everybody loved.

"My dear friends,"he began. "The wondrous fortune to

which I fell heir on that mysterious night in June is no more for me than for you. I retired heartsick to bed, and lay awake till dawn,

nursing the wounds and bruises of dark misfortune. I was facing

I had been shown out or kicked out of every placeruin—beggary.

to which I applied for employment, and was told in every case that it is only specialists who may enter the contest for existence. In anmatter how long it should take, or what the cost. Iswerspecialist,—noto my prayer I received the light that taught me to become a

canvassed the field carefully to determine what was most in demand, and through faith I saw that nothing was needed more, and nothing could be a surer winner, than a specialist in smiles. From that

moment I bent every effort to become a smile specialist, and the lovehungry world followed me eagerly from the very beginning. Become specialists, my dear friends, and you are joint heirs with me."

Blanding. Utah

Tithe of the Land By Mrs. Ida W. Brown

As Madge Petty viewed the autumn twister. But this problem that affected

world with its scalloped horizon from her their lives now and throughout all eternity, mountain home, it seemed to her that a she had cast to one side without much of benign peace had settled over all the uni- a struggle to solve it. Madge's chin went

verse; as if Mother Nature, knowing up and a light of determination shone

that her bountiful crops were garnered, had in her brown eyes as she went into the heaved a great sigh of relief and said: house. For several hours thereafter she

"Well, that's that. Now for a little busied herself with pencil and paper.

rest."When Wilbur came in at night after

And at her command storms and winds having carefully attended to all the needs and all the elements of turmoil had ceased. of the farm stock, his wife met him at

The flood of silvery sunshine spilling from the door.

heaven only seemed to accentuate that per- "Let's go for a ride, just anywhere to

like Wilbur hesitated. "If I had one o'themvadingtranquility—andpeace. Everywheresubdued wassoundspeace and be out in the air."prayers of thanksgiving. No wonder—there radio's, I'd tune in on PQS or

Madge lifted her eyes to the bluevaulted some other fool station, an'you an'sky as she murmured: "God, I thank thee."Russell could go ridin'. Stickin'to a

But uttering thanks did not put Madge's sulky all day a person gets enough ridin'."

mind in complete accord with the autumn "Where's your radio?"laughingly

world. A little riffle of disquiet was in inquired Madge.

an'thather mind—a sense of guilt. Ten years "I'm goin'to have one alright

Madge and her husband, Wilbur Petty, before long."announced Wilbur, as they

had lived on Mountain View Ranch. Each walked toward the car.

year their crops had been up to their exEight-yearold Russell moved to the pectations. The land had yielded abunmiddle of the front seat and patted each

dantly; and yet not once had they given a side as an invitation to his parents to join

tithe to the Lord. him.'

Madge had always been more than Madge's eyes seemed never to tire in willing to have given that tithe, but Wiltheir search for beauty, and as they drove bur always had said that they had little along she pointed them out to her husband enough without paying tithes. and son.

Madge realized that salvation came not The irregular plots of grain stubble inby merely saying. "Lord, Lord,"but by termingled with the gray of sage made the

serving and being willing to keep every mountain look like a giant with a crazycommandment that was given. Wilbur let patch quilt over his lower extremities, in

farm work fill his days and mind and her eyes.

thought little or nothing about salvation. Wilbur smiled at this comparison but

And now viewing this glorified autumn after several seconds of careful scrutiny.

world, with its bright splashes of red and Russell shouted: "Where's the giant's

gold. Madge felt that she and her husband head. Ma?"

were guilty of cheating the Lord. "Oh. he's a headless giant. Can't you

What could she do about it? see his shoulders, one a little above the

Nothing, perhaps. Just one of those other?"

unsolvable problems. And yet at school "Yes, siree,"agreed Russell and his grey

bright from hisMadge had loved knotty problems—she eyes were bulging and

had liked nothing better than a brain pleasant imaginings.

TITHE OF THE LAND 143

When they were getting ready for bed "Did you have them verses framed fer

Wilbur again spoke about the radio, exmy benefit?"

pressing a determination to have one before Brown eyes met gray eyes fearlessly bewinter. fore she answered: "Yes: and mine, too."

"You're goin'down to Salt Lake for Then she turned her eyes to the valley conference, you can look for one down below with shafts of sunlight searching out there. An'be sure to get a good one."its beauty as she continued: "I love to

But when Madge came home from conthink of this earth as belonging to the ference she had failed to buy a radio. Lord, and of him as the generous Land-

"I just couldn't decide on one without lord who has not ousted his tenants when you along."she said, as she met the inthey have refused to pay their rent, time

quiring depths of her husband's gray eyes and time again."

searching her own. "We'll have to go She turned to him with a bright smile:

down together, or you can go down and "He left it all in our hands, we can pay get one yourself. I just don't know anyhim what is due, or we can cheat him

thing about radios."just as we please."

Wilbur showed his disappointment but Before he could answer her, she had

Madge was thinking about a certain flat gone tripping toward the back door. The

parcel in the bottom of her suit case that rattle of tins in the kitchen came to him had taken up a great part of her time before he moved off toward the barnwhile she was in Salt Lake Citv. yard.

That evening she removed the paper Each morning while Wilbur lay yawnwrappings and took that flat something ing and blinking himself in wakefulness, to her bedroom. She hung it on the wall he read the verses on the opposite wall.

opposite the head of their bed and where And each day as he sat on the sulky the first rays of morning sunlight would plough, in the clean, autumn sunlight, strike it. Then she stood off and surveyed these verses echoed and reechoed through

it with a pleasant smile. The black lethis thoughts. Although in his mind he

tering stood out in sharp contrast to the argued against them and tried not to think rose and gold of the frame. From the of them, he failed.

head of the bed she could easily read it: There was something in the bright,

"The world is mine, and the fulness therepainted beauty of autumn that compelled of."Psalm 50:12. him to appreciate the earth and its Creator,

"And all the tithe of the land, whether and the rythm of those verses was like of the seed of the land, or of the fruit of a murmured hymn of praise. He began

the tree, is the Lord's."Lev. 27:30. to realize that it was a fair demand the

After Madge had read she lifted her eyes Lord had made of the peoples of the earth.

and asked in silent prayer that the message The truth began to dawn before his vision of this card might find lodgment in her that onetenth was a paltry thing to pay husband's heart. in exchange for being able to be a parThe next morning Madge slipped out taker in the earth's production and beauty.

of the bed before her husband was awake. Beauty. It seemed to be a thing that oneShe raised the blind so that the morning could not live and escape—this autumn

light was full upon the black lettering of world was full of it. and the sun spraying

the card. it with silvery sunbeams, added to its

She had not started breakfast, but was glory.

watching the great, golden sun rise slowly But suddenly the sun seemed to have lost over the eastern mountains when her husits light and the earth its beauty to the band joined her. He stood in silence, until inhabitants of Mountain View Ranch. For

the sun had cleared the mountain rim, one night in the first week of November as if awed by the tremendous beauty reRussell came home from school and withvealed before him. Something of awe out speaking to his mother, staggered to

was in his voice as he inquired: his bedroom and fell across the bed. A

146 IMPROVEMENT ERA

hasty examination of him revealed the fact five o'clock a change came. His breathing

that his little boy was burning with fever. became natural and his sleep peaceful.

Doctor Fosby, from a nearby town, was "He's better, daddy—he's better."

hastily called and gave out the dread deMadge's eyes were bright with happiness as cision: "Scarlet fever."she spoke.

Followed frenzied days and sleepless Wilbur bent over the sleeping child for nights for Madge and Wilbur. Throughseveral seconds.

out the house was the smell of disinfect- "Yes, he's better, Mother—and now

ants, and daily the number of bottles inyou must get some sleep."

creased on the oblong table by Russell's "But I can't leave him—oh, daddy. I'm

bed. so thankful."

On Thanksgiving day Doctor Fosby "But you must,"Wilbur insisted. I'm

called and told them they might expect the goin't'stay right here 'til morning an'crisis that night. you're goin'to get some rest.

After the doctor's departure Madge and So Madge was soon in bed and having

Wilbur stood in the sick room facing each the first untroubled sleep she had had for other, terror stricken. Crisis. That meant weeks.

that their fight was soon over, one way Before a month had passed, life at Mounor the other. Madge was the first to tain View Farm had resumed its normal

speak: "If only we were living so as trend. Russell was gaining in strength

to merit the full blessings of the Lord. We daily, and happiness, too, for Christmas

have neglected many of his commandwas only a few days away.

tithe paying. And now we are of Russell's improved health. Wilbur had—thatments, butof one we have utterly disregarded Madge was a little sad these days in spite

asking the Lord to pour out his blessing never mentioned tithepaying and she wason us—We're not worthy—beginning to fear another year was going

Tears were streaming down her face as to pass with their obligations to the Lord she looked in her husband's troubled eyes. unpaid.

She tottered and must have fallen had he Of this she was thinking as she sat in not"Sweetheart—Russell'scaught her in his arms. their cozy room busy with mending. Sudthe Lord to do "Here, Mama, take this paper and write—he must—We'll promisegoin't'git well denly Russell rushed into the room.

better—you'dif onlybetterhe'llgo tosparehim—he'sour boy.throwingThere yourgot our'sletterallto wrote.Santa. We'reMe an'goin'daddyto havesend

the covers."them up the chimney."

Madge hastened to the bed and felt of Without hesitation Madge wrote:

the head and hands of Russell.

"Bring me the liniment and olive oil. Dear Santa: I would like to have

While I rub him you can try to keep him enough money to pay my tithing. Nothcovered. The doctor said above all things ing could give me more joy.

we must not let him get cold tonight."Best wishes for a happy Christmas.

Madge Petty.

So on through weary hours they worked.

At time9 Madge felt incapable of making Madge was folding the paper preparaanother move so great was her fatigue. tory to putting it in the stove door when

Her eyeballs were like coals of fire. At Russell slipped it adroitly from her hand.

midnight his fever lessened, but still they "I've got to let daddy read it,"and dare not leave the bed. For one minute before she could make protest he had diswith the strength of delirium he would appeared from the room.

throw covers and make attempts to get out A few moments later Wilbur stood beof bed muttering incoherences; possibly the fore her with the letter in his hand, his

next minute they could scarcely distinguish gray eyes smiling as he spoke: "Mother,

a spark of life within him. So through this is one Christmas you're goin'to git

long hours they fought and prayed. At your present a bit previous. Bishop's setTITHE OF THE LAND 147

tlin'tithing down at the Church, get your as Wilbur opened the door the Bishop coat an'hat."called out: "We wish you all a merry

Bishop Farnsworth and his counselors Christmas."

were surprised when Wilbur walked up to And that was just what the Petty family the little table by which they were sitting had—a merry Christmas. As Madge stood

and took from his pocket a roll of bills. by Russell's small tree on Christmas mornAs he laid them on the table he said: ing Wilbur came and put his arm about

"Here are two hundred and thirtyfive her. He stood for a few seconds before

t'spend thedollars, my full tithing for the year—my speaking: "I was tempted

first tithing, but I hope it won't be my tithing money for a radio but I'm glad I last."didn't. I never felt so humble an'thankThe three ward officials shook hands ful before in my life. I believe I know

with Wilbur and Madge and congratulated now the spirit that Christ would like us them for being able and brave enough to to have in our hearts at Christmas time.'

pay a full tithing at the first attempt. "Spirit of sacrifice,"murmured Madge,

Both felt proud and thankful as they walkhappily.

ed down the aisle toward the door. Just Pocutello. Idaho

The Miracle of Joseph Smith By Frank C. Steele

One hundred and twentytwo years ago Later, when Joseph is yet a boy, the was born Joseph Smith, the greatest reSmiths leave the stony Vermont homestead ligious teacher, the Savior excepted, this and locate in western New York. Poverty

world has known. As a restorer and drives them to make this move; the wrench

prophet, as an organizer and a lawgiver, at leaving is hard, but in the strange comJoseph Smith will be known to all the bination of events, that very hardship is a world in all ages. In truth, thousands now step in the ladder of success for the

recognize his preeminent position; milthoughtful Joseph trudging with his kinlions are impelled to deny him such recogfolk across country to a new home.

nition, through ignorance and prejudice. Again the picture changes. Kneeling in

But the day is fast approaching when a grove not far from the rude cottage of this man, whose life and work combine his family this remarkable boy is absorbed to form a miracle of the ages, will be acin prayer. He is only fourteen years of age

corded his place among the world's imbut his soul is torn with uncertainty. He

mortals. pleads for light and, pressed by faith, the

Let us swiftly scan the wonderful career gates of heaven are opened and God the of Joseph Smith, a career that stands out Father and his Son come down to earth among the mysteriously great in human and commune with the humble suppliant.

annals Born in the backwoods of VerEager to inform the religious world, mont of honest but lowly parents, his confused and divided on questions of doclimitations were many. His schooling was trine and practice, of his great revelation,

meager, fragmentary, although his very life Joseph makes known to a select few the under hard, pioneer conditions taught him circumstances of his vision. He meet', remany of life's important lessons. Then, buff and persecution and is soon branded

too, like the great Lincoln, young Joseph a halfwit, an idle visionary and other had a mother. Lucy Mack Smith, whose cruel nicknames that might have discourinfluence on her son of destiny has given aged and embittered a spirit weaker than

her a glory which will never fade. his.

148 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Unyielding in his testimony and unthe mighty powers that were his to commoved by the waves of abuse that break mand, these are all elements of greatness upon his young brow, he stands alone in unfolded in this remarkable life.

the crowd, comforted only by his faithAs a child he had emerged from the ful parents. Years pass and again to the forest fastnesses to take up his stupendous

chosen Joseph, now reaching young mantask; as a man, surrounded by thouands

hood, come heavenly messengers bearing who love and honor him yet withal much new blessings and new responsibilities. alone and much misunderstood, he now

Among these responsibilities is numbered moves on to that fate, gathering like a his head.the plates of a sacred record—the Book winter cloud above

gift But a divine Power has endowed himof Mormon—which the boy, by the

and power of God translates and publishes, against that dreadful hour when he is led another witness for Jesus Christ in all the away to death and martyrdom. In the

world. agony of that moment of supreme testing,

From that time forward his work multitorn from wife and children, friends and plies as do the visitations of mobocrats and followers, home and possessions, the evil designing men. Sublimely he meets Church he had founded and the city he

and shatters these attacks, rising from every had built, he wavers not. His testimony

Slough of Despond with a new courage he had declared without fear in life; in

and a new vision. death he makes it binding with his blood.

Schooled by the holy Spirit and disWith peace upon his brow, and charity in ciplined by the Deity himself, Joseph Smith his heart, he receives, like the great Lincontinues to serve his fellowmen. From coln a decade later, the shot that sends

him pour wisdom and virtue and truth and his spirit to God.

those acts of his divine calling that lead To our crude mortal senses Joseph to the establishment of the kingdom of Smith is dead, yet, in the extraordinary

God upon the earth. His mysterious sense of spirit life, he is alive. And above

growth of soul and intellect, reading and and through the allembracing work which writing much, pondering eternally, comunder divine guidance he established, the muning with angels and with God, cheerspirit and influence of this Prophet and are Seer still moves. That ministration cannoting and organizing his people—these

features of his life before which we bow be stayed.

our heads in awe and reverence. Such And so it shall be until the task is done

wisdom, such vision, such compassion! and the hosts of men go forth to meet

His poise, the perfection of his restraint their Lord.

in the midst of stress, the fine control of Lethbridge. Alta, Canada.

Finis When we have reached the end of the last long mile,

And the grim, black shadows of the night creep down.

Will the sunset hover o'er our staunch glad smile.

Or must darkness spread her wings to hide our frown?

Will all we ever hoped to be abide the crucial hour

When wistfully we view the closing day,

Our pomp, our pelf, our little meed of vaunting pouar.

Will these cherished monuments survive our mortal clay?

Oh. may our hearts be brave until the twilight fades.

That closes on our last triumphant deed,

And when our lamp goes out and we slip into shades.

Heavenbound, worthy, let courage be our creed.

EZRA J. POULSEN

The Scoop By W. E. Sadler

They called him "Chubby"because he turned upward into a grin as he said:

was fat, and he was known as the "cub""What's the matter, Chubby, old boy?

reporter of the Evening Herald, because Still thinking of the One Big Scoop?"

that was his job. In case you don't know Chubby muttered something that soundwhat a "cub"reporter is, I'll explain: he ed like "mind your own business,"flung

is usually the youngest of the staff of redown the paper he had been reading and porters on any newspaper and his job is walked out of the office. On the sideto writeup all the "cradleto-thegrave,"walk he headed for the corner of the busiest

marriage notices, and various other bits of street intersection with the fond hopes that news which are too slight to warrant the an accident would happen with himself efforts of the highersalaried of the proas the eyewitness.

fession. As soon as Chubby had gone Morton

"Chubby"Leach had left high school jumped up from his chair: the expression

that su.nmer to become the cub reporter on his face was that of a man who had

for the Herald. He had made only one just been struck with a brilliant idea.

mistake since his advent into journalism Walking over to another reporter, Morton and that was to tell Morton, the star respoke a few words in boisterous glee and porter his aims, ambitions and ideals as then settled down to outline his plan.

pertaining to newspaper writing. Since that The plan was this: Morton and the

time his aspirations were known to all of other reporter were to follow Chubby to the staff, from the editor to the copyboy, the cafe at which he usually took his and he was constantly being made the goat supper. Chubby should be allowed to

for all sorts of practical jokes. And overhear a conversation between the two

Chubby, being as devoid of humor as a which would lead him into going to room bathingbeach is of modesty, welcomed 448 at the New Netherlands Hotel late such practical jokes because he refused to that night. He was to hear enough at the

fall into line and laugh with the perpetracafe which would lead him to believe that tor. But. like the hero of Horatio Alger's he was going after a big scoop. At the

stories, "nothing daunted his brave spirit, hotel the two reporters would arvangc and he ever strove for success."it so Chubby would get an earful about a

The three o'clock "deadline"for the crazy plan to poison the municipal water afternoon edition had just passed. The supply. Morton was to assume the rob

strain of the day's newsgetting had fallen of the poisoner and the other man the off, and as the presses ground out their financial backer of the plan. Then, after

reams of printed pages everyone in the Chubby had gathered all the details of editorial rooms relaxed. what seemed to be a big story, and had

Sitting in front of his desk. Chubby written them up. Morton and the rest of

mused: "Gee, now if I could only get the editorial office were to joke him about

story. in procuring diligence a "dud"his

big. real. line important on

a scoop—a * * * Chubby yOU it all beatthese over haveascoop—I'd that Chinese his eats generally get the to make Old maybe and supper—inknow where Manmen

me a 'star'too! I'll show these stuckup cafe with the booths at the side? Well,

guys a thing or two about reporting one that's the place: meet me on the corner at

of these days!"about six o'clock,"Morton finished.

Morton, the "star."gazed at Chubby "But won't the chief get sore?"queried

over the edge of his paper and his mouth the other.

150 IMPROVEMENT ERA

"Not on your life! The boss enjoys hustled out of his chair and glued his ear

a joke as much as anyone else. Besides, to the thinly boarded partition separating

we'll be teaching the youngster a lesson in the two booths.

newsgathering,"replied Morton. A man was saying: "Well, don't shout

"Better tell him about it first, though, like that or you'll have the whole restauto be sure about it—we don't want this rant knowing your business! Be sensible

to be a boomerang,"said the cautious and calm down, man; you'll get your

individual. share of the cut! And if you want to

Without further ado Morton walked talk about any of the details you can make toover to the glassedin enclosure with the your talk to the committee—we meet

single word: "Editor"inscribed on the night in room 448 at the New Netherdoor. Not bothering to knock he walked lands Hotel at eleven o'clock sharp. Bein. A few minutes later he came out lieve me, any newspaperman would give

chuckling to himself. his ears to know the things up for dis-

"Everything's all set,"he announced to cussion tonight: be careful and don't let

his colleague. "Don't forget to meet me anyone know about it, and "here

at six o'clock sharp in Sing Fat's!"And his voice trailed off until it was lost upon

with another laugh he picked up his hat the eavesidropper.

and walked out of the office. Chubby straightened up; he had heard

Sing Fat's Shanghai Cafe was the Mecca enough to convince him that something for all sorts of people. If you wanted a was indeed "in the air."His eyes were

dish of chow mein or a porkchop you as big as saucers as he thought of what could get it there, served by a slim, slantthe man had said: "* * * any newseyed, yellowskinned person. Likewise, if paper man would give his ears to knowyou wanted privacy in order to discuss a the things up for discussion tonight—

shady deal, the booths, heavilycurtained, Gone wa9 his appetite, and in its stead which lined the wall were at your service. there burned the knowledge of an apEvery politician, crook, artist or merchant parently "big scoop"about to break. He

in the town knew and liked Sin Fat's. grabbed for his hat, hastily paid his check

Chubby liked Sin Fat's because he could and walked out of the cafe with never a get a meal for thirtyfive cents which was thought about food.

satisfying. And again, the meal would be Coming down to the corner. Chubby

served where others couldn't observe him stopped and took stock of what he had when he utilized stray pieces of bread to heard. "The time was eleven o'clock

see now; wasmop up the remains of gravy on the platand the place was the—let's

ter. So at or about six o'clock Chubby it the New Holland or the New Nethercould be found occupying one of the lands hotel? Well, I can find out from

booths. the clerk of each if anything is going on

Chubby had just been visited with the up in room 448!"he said half to himfirst course when two men walked into self.

the cafe, glanced around, spoke a few From the time he had left the restaurant forwords to the Chinaman at the counter, until nearly eleven o'clock—the time

hadand were guided to a booth adjoining that the event to take place—Chubby

occupied by the cub reporter. walked around with his chin in the air

Whilst in the motion of conveying a building air castles. If it was anything

section of pie to his mouth, Chubby was about the present city administration, he startled at hearing someone in the next thought, there would sure be a big scoop booth pounding on the table and shouting in it. The Herald had bucked the inin an aggravated tone: "I won't have it! cumbents ever since they had been elected

It's outrageous: it's a darned swindle because of certain nefarious practices. At

that's what it is!"any rate, here was his big chance; if this

Scenting a plot, or possibly a fight scoop was successful he was a made man and no but's about it!both of which are good news—Chubby

THE SCOOP 151

The clock on the bank corner warned explained the first speaker. "I intend to

him that it lacked fifteen minutes of hire none of my skilled help from this city, eleven. Chubby hastened his footsteps toso you'll all have nothing to worry about'

wards the New Holland Hotel, two blocks Then think of this, too: you, Mr. Mayor,

away. and you, Councilmcn. will go up for elecSauntering up to the desk, and trying tion this fall. With the Herald against

to keep his excitement from showing on you, you know you can't win; they've

his face, Chubby asked if there was anyshown you up too much in the past. Why

thing special doing in room 448. The not take a good slice of the taxpayer's

clerk, who knew him, replied no; not in money while there's the chance? Why not

448 anyway, but wasn't it 428 he rebe killed for a sheep as for a lamb?"

ferred to? If it was, the clerk had seen Scribbling furiously, his ear still at the

five men go up there just a few moments door, Chubby caught this much and a great ago, and although the room was registered deal more of the same kind of talk. The

to an outof-town contractor maybe somegist of the whole business! was that the

thing was happening there. incumbent administration was planning a

Chubby pulled the clerk towards him gigantic coup, which, if carried off, would and whispered what he had heard the man cost the taxpayers over a million dollars say in Sing Fat's. In return for this and would jeopardize practically the enconfidence he was given permission to tire sewage system of the city through in

listen at the keyhole of room 428 as long ferior material and inferior methods.

as he didn't get caught. Chubby heard a vote taken, heard the

Disdaining the elevator, Chubby took names of the mayor and his councilmen the stairs at a run and arrived at the fourth reply "aye"to the question, and after a floor out of breath and gasping. He tipshort talk by the man who appeared to be

toed down the corridor until he reached the instigator he heard the chairs being room 428 and pulled out his pad and pulled back from the center of the room.

pencil. With his ear to the door and a

Chubby again bounced down the stairswatchful eye on the corridor he was able and into the lobby. It was almost twoto hear someone say:

o'clock in the morning. He had been

"But, Mayor, this contract I'm bidding listening for the better part of three hours!

in will put the total bond issue of the But, oh boy! what a scoop! There remunicipal sewer contract in your council's mained only the identification of the men

hands. Think of it, man! Five million as they passed through the lobby to make

dollars at the disposal of you four men! the story a fact. He stuffed his notes into

Now here's my plan: we'll substitute num- a side pocket and slumped into a large,

ber one clay pipe for the specified iron: overstuffed chair where he could see the

we'll take a different grading than the one men as they passed through the lobby but specified by the engineers and we'll reduce could not be seen by them.

we'll usethe footage. of that On top He did not have long to wait. The the incidental there'ssmaller pipe; then

expenses to be considered, so altogether elevator door opened with a bang and four we should be able to clean up a million figures came out and started hurriedly for and a quarter out of the whole business! the door. Chubby recognized their faces

That's not a bad split for five men. is as they passed; Parsons, the mayor, and

it?"Briggs, Stratton. Peterson and Meyer,

"How are we going to be assured that councilmen.

the people will know nothing of the plan? From the register Chubby obtained the

How are you going to keep your foremen name of the outof-town contractor and from knowing what's going on? How are verified it with the clerk. Then he hastened

you going to protect our interests?"came home with his secret, confident in the

from a Doubting Thomas in the room. knowledge that he had obtained a "beat"

"By simply using outof-thecity labor."over the morning paper, and that his

152 IMPROVEMENT ERA

story would be the biggest scoop ill finds out it's all a putup job!"chuckled

months. Morton. The others laughed loudly and

He could hardly sleep that night, thinkwatched the door.

ing about his story. Several times he Inside the office Chubby Was telling

awoke and reached for the scribbled notes the Chief how he heard of the story. He

to make sure that it was not a dream. had just reached the point where he was

At seven the next morning Chubby retelling about the hotel; about the room

ported for duty. Instead of writing up the number being 428 instead of 448 when

bits of miscellaneous news which hung on the editor looked up surprised.

his deskfile he commenced on the story. Manning, the editor, grabbed the sheets

His cheeks glowing, his eyes snapping from Chubby's hands and began reading with the fire of it, Chubby pounded the them with absorption. Quickly he ran

keys of his dilapidated typewriter. The through them, sifting them from page to

other reporters, trooping in, glanced at page as the important points came to light.

him and smiled knowingly. A group of Then he jumped up and shouted:

them stood near the editor's sanctum and "What hotel did you get this from?

exchanged wisecracks. Loudest amongst Hurry boy—what—?"

them was Morton. "T-t-the New Holland, sir. Isn't it

His copy finished, Chubby picked up all right?"faltered Chubby.

the sheets and carried them himself to the "All right! Oh, boy! I'll say it's all

editor's office. If it had been anything right and so are you! Hooray! And now

else but his "big scoop"Chubby would run out of here while I head this stuff up see me this afternoon and I'llhave availed himself of the services of the—come and

copyboy, the only individual in the big have some good news for you!"

office actually at his beck and call. And as Chubby walked out of the door

The other reporters, four of them, Manning picked up the telephone to call nudged each other as Chubby, wildeyed the mayor's office. While waiting for the

and tousledhaired, brushed past them into number he mumbled elatedly: "The New

the presence of the editor. The door banged Holland and the New Netherlands!

beh'nd him. Wowie! That's surely a hot one on Morbiggest scoop of the season!""Just wait until he comes out after he ton—the

THE END

It's The Vim

Oh, it isn't the trimmings and trappings!

Nor the polished face of the train;

It's the vim panting back in the engine,

That carries it o'er the plain.

No, it isn't the army's regalia,

Nor the front line, wide as the sea;

It's the vim pulsing deep in the bosoms.

That flags us the victory.

So don't count much on trappings and trimmings,

As wagers in this world's great strife;

For it's the vim behind the endeavor,

That wins the battle of life.

Ephraim, Utah. SUSAN T. JENNINGS

Current Events

A Study for the Advanced Senior Class M. I. A., 192728

Suggestions by the Committee of today is adult education and the AdThe Advanced Senior Department is vanced Senior class is making splendid planned to meet the needs of all Mutual headway in this important cause.

Improvement members over twentythree The Efficiency Report demands our years of age. The class is especially attention for the month of December. The

anxious to welcome to its ranks the young Advanced Senior Class, with its enviable men and women of the Church, as it is reputation, will help this report. Every

felt they will give to it the spirit of youth member should become enthusiastic for progress. This class stands for developand will enrich the recitations because of

interesting ment, more programs—andtheir recent association with schools and individual will be closely for each true joy

libraries. One of the popular movements aligned with a rousing Efficiency Report.

1 Religion and Social Service (December, 1927) 1. Does Science Conflict with Religion? beauty contests, and if so. how can we

Eight men answer this question in help to hasten it?

Popular Science, October, 1927, and their 4. "Is Family Life Declining"

answers found place in the Reader's Di- A woman of recognized social service gest of November. authority says: "Family responsibility has

Question: Do the eight agree on any not turned to irresponsibility."A man of

one point, and if so, what is the point? legislative prominence calls for a concession

of the truth as he sees it, quite opposite to 2. Definite Diversity of Opinions. the conclusions of the eminent lady. (See

Two theological giants face each other Literary Digest, October 29, page 31.)

in controversy over the conflict between Our Problem: Which is the most conscience and religion. Which has the best sistent attitude to take, that taken by Miss

of the battle as reported in Literary Digest. Hamilton at the Buffalo conference on

October 15, page 33? Family Life in America Today, or that

taken by Senator Hamilton Lewis at the 3. "The Ugly Side of Beauty Display."Catholic Women's League in Chicago?

Under this headline the Literary Digest 5. "A Badly Muddled Religion."

of October 22, presents the attitude of the Under this heading in less than one

National Council of Catholic Women, and column there are set forth twentyfive ideas the press comments on their efforts for on religion and social service. (See

public reform. Literary Digest, November 5.) Select

Problem: Is there need of reform in the best of the thoughts expressed.

2 Politics and Industry

1. Prosperity. ing of luxuries as well as necessities just

Recently, President Coolidge made the ahead of us. A brief summary of his views

declaration that the tide of good times is are to the effect that crops, with the exnot receding, but rising, and that prosception of cotton, are fully as good as perity is on the increase, with bigger buylast year and that the corn and wheat 154 IMPROVEMENT ERA

crops have actually greatly increased; that chemical industry has gained a leading

notwithstanding quite a number of people position since the war. This is not the

have been out of employment, the number only industrial combination which is reis decreasing; that the mailorder-house ported from Europe. There is an agreesales have greatly increased, that the texment in the aluminum industry which intile industries show some improvement, volves Germany, France, England, Switthat the steel industry is even picking up, zerland, Austria and Norway, and, too,

and that the exports and imports are keepsteps have been taken to bring together ing pace with last year. the electrical and textile industries of

In contrast to this optimistic view of leading producing countries. These tenthe president. Prof. H. Parker Willis, the dencies in oversea industries are likely to

editor of the Journal of Commerce, in greatly affect the western world. "The

New York, according to his survey of movement has not been dictated by business conditions, says that things are political causes, but by economic necesnot altogether satisfactory; that there has sity."It seems as if the Bankers'and

been a falling off in the orders of the steel Industrialists'Boards have conceived the corporation, and textiles have been deidea of pooling their resources and of pressed for some time; that the motor dividing the trade and the territory so as

trade has not recovered; railway freight to keep down costs, and in particular,

movements have been only fair, and that against each other.

the good retail trade is largely due to the increase in the production of wheat and Questions corn, which have benefited only certain What is the real purpose of these combinaagricultural sections of the country. tions? Are they formed solely for the purpose of getting the world's markets, or is it to

Questions regain some of the markets which they lost. If

these combinations are successful, what other

Are favorable economic conditions due to combinations in Europe will likely soon folpolitical organizations or parties, or is there low? How can we meet these combinations?

is the problem that we must face exactlysome more fundamental cause? What part do What

invention, chemistry, greater efficiency in acin Europe? Only by what methods can we

counting and management, play in the role outdo Europe? (See Literary Digest, October

of increased prosperity? What other things 29, 1927, page 14.)

have contributed to better economic conditions?

What do political parties contribute? What 3. The United States'Merchant Marine.

has been your own observation on business Although the United States is one of conditions? Has your own business improved? the leading industrial and exporting counWhy? (See Literary Digest. October 29.

1927, page 13.) tries in the world, it has not maintained

a high position in the merchant marine 2. Europe as a Competitor. when compared with certain other counIt looks as if a serious trade war in tries.

which the American chemical interests are

Questions concerned, will occur within the near future. According to recent announcements, Why is this the condition in our country?

the leading nations of Europe have formed What particular benefit would a good mer- a billion dollar chemical trust, which inchantare ourmarinevesselsbe obsoleteto the U.comparedS.? In withwhat thoseway

cludes Germany, Great Britain, France and of other countries? What particular kind of

Belgium. It is said that these countries vessel is best for a merchant marine? How has

intend to make economies in production the United States lagged behind other countries,

France, and Britain. as Great Germany,and distribution without increasing prices such merchant ships for Italy, of in the building

so that they may invade the markets of marine purposes? (See Literary Digest. Octoforeign countries where the American ber 29, 1927. page 21.)

Outings Benson District Scouts

This picture shows the scout leaders of ship and were awarded certificates by the the Benson District of the Cache Valley National Council B. S. A. The course

Council B. S. A., who successfully comwas given at Richmond, Utah.

pleted the minimum course in ScoutmasterCrater and Red Mountains from summit of Berthoud Pas on the road between Utah and

Denver.

Teton Peaks Council, Boy Scouts of America

Top: Mouth of the cave west of Idaho Falls. The cave is a lava formation and looks

like a stream course. The ten "picked"First Class Scouts of the Teton Peaks Council with

geologists, scoutmasters, and Scout Executive H. S. Alvord. with a Chamber of Commerce

representative, a movie representative, and a newspaper reporter, explored the farthest depths.

Bottom: Scouts, scoutmasters and scout officials who explored the "Butte"lava caves.

This flashlight picture was taken 2,700 feet underground. Officials in the picture are,

besides scouts, Dr. C. H. Stattuck, geologist, J. M. Gaddie, superintendent of UtahIdaho

Sugar Company of Lincoln. Dr. J. W. West, scout commissioner; Gene Young, Chamber

of Commerce representative, and Executive H. S. Alvord, stooping.

This council is well taken care of. Acmanent and will be usable for many years.

cording to Scout Executive H. S. Alvord it "The increased enrollment justifies my

has the greatest corps of scout workers in saying it will be full for four weeks each the field. He states that their camp is persummer."

Top: This log cabin was donated to the permanent Scout Camp of the Teton Peaks

Council, by the "Rexburg Rotary Club."The other cabin being constructed now. was

purchased by the Knights of Columbus. It is expected five such cabins will be ready by

next June.

Center: The "Council Ring"with Scout Executive H. S. Alvord, standing. This

council is conducted by the Teton Peaks Council from July 18 to August 18. The capacity

is 60 boys and ten men weekly. The Council covers 20.235 square miles with seven stakes

of the Church. There are 57 regular troops and 1.141 registered scouts. Splendid cooperation is given in all the Latterday Saint wards.

Bottom: "An expert shows 'cm how."One of the small instruction groups learning

archery from two experts. Elvin Keller, assistant camp director of Teton Peaks Council, with

headquarters at Idaho Falls, and R. C. Anderson, scoutmaster of Union ward troop. H. S.

Alvord. Camp Director.

Messages from the Missions The Missionaries To every land, and Isle afar, The heathen', too, shall all rejoice

Where human habitations reach, In Restoration's sound:

Where the lost tribes of Israel are, We'll gather people of God's choice

The gospel, there, we'll preach. From lands the whole world 'round.

To every tongue and every race, Unto the Mountain of the Lord.

The gospel's light shall shine; Where Zion's banner flies,

All men, upon the earth's broad face, They'll come, and shout, with one accord,

Shall hear the truth divine. His praises to the skies.

Shiro, Texas. La Verta Rhoton

First Baptisms in Montpelier, France

Public conferences were held in the all who wished to hear and see what is

Marseilles district of the French mission going on in Salt Lake City and in the commencing October 9. Mission president other "Mormon"localities. By means of

Ernest C. Rossiter was in attendance and stereopticon views and their explanation

Missionaries in the Marseilles district, standing left to right: Royal Ballif. Preston, Idaho;

Arthur L. Newman, Salt Lake City; W. Rulon Shaw, Ogden; Leon L. Cowles, Salt Lake

City; Ethan O. Huf faker, Idaho Falls, Idaho. Sitting: Le Grand M. Silver, Salt Lake

City; Wayne H. Knight, Salt Lake City: S. Call Nelson, Provo, district president; Ernest

C. Rossiter, mission president, and John S. Griffin, Ogden, Utah.

gave some valuable information concerning we were enabled to convey to those present the "Mormon"people. We enjoyed over- a more estimable opinion of our people.

flowing crowds1 in each town, our halls On the last day of the conferences, in the not being large enough to accommodate city of Montpelier, France, which city has

MESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS 159

been opened up to missionary work in the who are searching for the truth and the last year, a baptismal ceremony was held way to salvation. Each month we look

and two people were cleansed of their sins forward to receiving and reading the Era;

in the waters of baptism. The Lord is it is truly a source of stimulation and upblessing our efforts and our prayers are lift of the spirit in this work of God; we

being answered; the French people are bethank you heartily for it.—S. Call Nelson,

coming more interested in the gospel, and district president.

there are many honest souls among them

More Converts in Wales

This year, we have had more converts harvest. In behalf of the missionaries of

than in the past few years in Cardiff, the Welsh district, I thank you for theWales. During the past summer, many Era.—Raymond Murphy, district preshomes have been opened to the gospel, and ident.

we confidently look forward to a good

Missionaries, left to right, front row: H. J. Butcher. Ogden; Hjlliard L. Rose. Hyrum.

Raymond Murphy, outgoing president, Salt Lake City; Nathaniel E. Parry, incoming president. Manti: Noble L. Chambers. Smithfield. Back row: Weston W. Taylor. Salt Lake

City; A. J.- Anderson, Fairview, all of Utah.

The Latterday Saints'Maori Agricultural College

The faculty and student body of the now nearing a successful school year from

Maori Agricultural College. Hastings", N. every standpoint. Five stalwart youths of

Z., join in sending their greetings to the the Polynesian race will graduate from the

saints in Zion. The blessings of the Lord school this spring, which means that their

are felt so profusely on all sides), that we people will have five more young men of indeed feel as part of God's chosen people. sterling character, of intelligent aptitude,

We feel as copartners with the Latterday and with it all, a burning testimony of

Saints dwelling in Zion, in furthering the the gospel of Christ to lead and direct them cause of truth and righteousness to all naand enable them to act as shining lights tions, tongues and people. We are just among their own people. The district

160 IMPROVEMENT ERA

presidents throughout the mission report of the divinity of the work of the Lord that many of the outstanding leaders and as interpreted by the Latterday Saints, and zealous workers in their districts are a desire to promulgate with ability that

Alumni of the M. A. C. The college testimony—the knowledge of God's plan

their own people. Weis expanding and the territory we are now of salvation,—to

serving, is far and wide. We have rephave an excellent opportunity indirectly

resented at the school six nationalities: to teach the gospel to the inhabitants of

Maori, Hawaiian, Samoan, Tongan, Tahithe South Sea Archipelago, through this tian, and European. The major purpose means. Maori Agricultural College, Alten

of the college is to inculcate within its Christensen, secretary.

students an everlasting, ardent testimony

Above: The Maori Agricultural College student band. Below, the faculty, left to right.

front: Annie Mcllroy, matron: Sister A. S. Ballif and young son Alfred S.. Junior; A. S.

Ballif, principal: President J. Howard Jenkins, of the New Zealand mission; Sister and

Brother H. L. Manwaring. Back: Elders Richard Marsh; W. V. Fuller; Alten Christensen;

E. C. Allen: E. S. Palmer; J. R. Stephens and S. F. Jensen.

MESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS

In Holland's Rainy Lowlands

With pep and courage the missionaries Street and park meetings are being held of the Amsterdam district are entering into regularly in most of the branches, a privitheir work. The people are being aplege which has not heretofore been enproached from many different angles, and joyed. President James E. Talmage was

the seeds of truth are sown by the elders in attendance at our recent conference, and and touched with life by our heavenly gave the elders and the people present

Father and his promises, resulting in growth much food for thought. We pray for

and harvest. During the past two months. continued success in the work of the Lord,

1 8 souls have been led into the fold both in the mission field and in the stakes through the doors of baptism. Ways are of Zion. We are thankful for the splenbeing opened through which the message did missionary, "The Improvement Era."

of life can be put before many people.—Rupert Racsten, Amsterdam, Holland.

Llders sitting, left to right: Rcinder Springer, Rupert Ravsten, district president, (released)

John P. Lillywhite, president of the Netherlands mission: Henry Hansen: Frank E. Mitchell

Washburn M. Chipman. Standing: George A. Grover, Fred W. Nrubold: Ralph A. Watson

Preston B. Williams; David G. Thomas; John Van Haren: Seiger Springer; Merrill L.

Peterson; Lenord W. M. Dalebout; S. Reed Andrus: Ray J. Hutchinson, incoming district

president: Dan Van Kampcn and Daniel Simmons.

Organizations Flourishing

On September 4, at Monterey, Califront row. He said afterwards that Presfornia, p:ople from five towns gathered ident McMurrin's speech made him think

to hear San Jose district missionaries, and of Agrippa's answer to Paul: "Almost

especially President Jos. W. McMurrin thou persuadest me to be a Christian."

of the California mission. Onethird were The Relief Society sisters served a luncheon

nonmembers of the Church, curious to and supper. The Primary and the Relief

attend a "Mormon"conference. All Society have developed so splendidly that

seemed greatly impressed, even the Methodtheir reports merited the praise they reist minister who occupied a seat on the ceived. Half of the members of the

162 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Primary are children of investigators. ence. Our Sunday school is growing

Recently a program was given on which consistently. We lack our own house in

the children cleared fifty dollars, the which to meet, but a fund has been started, largest sum ever made by a Primary orand we hope soon to see the materializaganization in California. President tion of our desires in the form of a chapel

McMurrin complimented the branch on the which can be dedicated to the Lord whom selection of hymns and musical numbers we serve. Eva Gunther, Ruth Ellsworth.

which were sung. He said the selection D. J. Fugal, Monterey, California.

was the best he had heard at any conferFirst Conference, Rhur District

On October 2223, the Rhur district of present was most gratifying. The general

the SwissGerman mission held its first meetings were all very well attended by conference. This district was created in both Saints and investigators. All of the

May of this year, when it was divided missionaries of the district were called on from the old Cologne conference, the to speak in the meetings, some of the elders majority of the members being in the have been here only two or three months, new district. The conference meetings but their German was very good, as was

were held in Essen, and President Hugh their spirit, new and old, and all went

J. Cannon was present at all. Before the away from the conference well repaid for

main meetings of the conference, special attending, and filled with the gospel mesmeetings were held in Duisburg, Gelsensage. The Lord is blessing our work on

kirchen, and Bochum, all of which are the Rhur, and we are making good pronew fields, and the number of friends gress. Geo. Albert Smith, Jr.

'* f $

-I;.* * f

Front row, sitting: T. Kenneth Biesinger, Louis M. Burgener. Geo. Albert Smith, Jr.,

pres. Ruhr district; Hugh J. Cannon, mission president. Salt Lake: Leon B. Linford, pres.

Cologne district, Logan; John Stringham, Salt Lake. Standing: Friedrich Kalt, Frankfurt.

Germany; John C. Jenkins. Salt Lake: Howard M. Ballif. Whitney. Idaho; Norman C.

Pierce, Springville, Utah; Samuel C. Worthington. Boise. Idaho; Geo. K. Casto, Washington.

D. C.; Waldo R. Frandsen, Price. Utah; Clyde L. Broadbent, Heber City, Utah: J. Kenneth

Kingdon. Salt Lake; Edward M- Richins. Henefer, Utah,

MESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS.63

European Mission Presidents Hold Conference

A conference of the presidents of the Meissen, the birthplace of the late Karl several European missions was held at G. Maeser. A very instructive visit was

Dresden, Germany, during the week of made later through the pottery works of

September 4-11. It was called by President the Dresden Porcelain manufacturing comJames E. Talmage of the European mission pany where the famous Dresden china is

who presided over the meetings. Subjects made. President and Sister Valentine had

of vital interest were thoroughly discussed a very satisfactory way of taking care of and many problems confronting the several their visitors, both in providing meals and missions were carefully handled, and plans in giving entertaining programs presented tormulated and suggestions offered whereby the auxiliary organizations of the Dresby such obstacles may be overcome. While den branch. The closing meeting of the

the brethren were thus busy, the sisters session was joint with the sisters and was met under the direction of Sister May devoted to bearing testimonies. The conBooth Talmage, and the Relief Society ference closed by President Talmage invokand Y. L. M. I. A. work was handled. ing the blessings of the Lord upon those

A feature of the conference was a trip to gathered and upon the missions.

Sitling: President Andrew Johnson. Swedish mission; President Hugh J. Cannon. SwissGerman mission; President James E. Talmage, British and European mission; President

Hyrum W. Valentine, GermanAustrian mission: President John P. Lillywhite. Netherlands

mission; President Joseph L. Petersen, Danish mission. Standing: President Ernest C.

Rossiter, French mission. Sisters Venus Rossiter, Sarah R. Cannon, May Booth Talmage.

Rose Ellen Valentine, Lillian B. Lillywhite. Ida Petersen. President Lorenzo W. Anderson,

Norwegian mission.

Law Observance killing, if lawabiding men stand in the way, in order that they may carry away

There are civil, moral, and religious that which does not belong to them. Men

laws. There are family laws and regulaviolate, unblushingly, the laws of chastity

tions. There are the two great laws which and virtue, which are the very foundations

our Savior emphasized and which embrace upon which all good governments may all the others: stand. Men holding public office violate

"Thou shalt love the Lord thy God that trust which has been reposed in them with all thy heart, and with all thy soul, by the people, and themselves stand out and with all thy mind. This is the first violators of the very law that they are

and great commandment. And the second appointed to magnify and uphold. Only

is like unto it. Thou shalt love thy neighthis morning you who read the papers saw

bor as thyself. On these two commandan account of one of the most atrocious

ments hang all the law and the prophets."crimes that could be perpetrated, said to

Only through love and obedience in the have been perpetrated by an official who individual can laws be observed by him. has been appointed to administer the law,

If he loves the law he will observe it. not to violate it, in which at a threat of

No man can be a law unto himself and life he takes a woman into an automobile, succeed. He must conform to the regulacarries her away to a secluded place, and

tions that are established in civilized there keeps her during the entire night. I

society, for the protection of all. His have passed a good part of my life among

liberty must be within these laws, and uncivilized people. I have been with Inmust encompass the good of his fellows. dian tribes from the Canadian border to

To these laws he must render the service the interior of Mexico, and I have never of obedience. in my experience encountered a tribe of

At the late conference of the Church, Indians who would tolerate lawlessness of the present need of law observance was this character in the indifferent manner strongly emphasized. President Anthony that we do. Men are arrested, prosecution

W. Ivins called attention to the wise and is sought, the best legal talent available

just laws of our country, and that while is called in for their defense, and there is laws may have been enacted which were scarcely one chance in ten that they will in a sense undesirable, there is a way probe convicted. Witnesses unblushingly pervided by which they may be abrogated or jure themselves, while attorneys who pose

amended, and that, not lawbreaking, is as respectable members of society, with the proper mode of procedure. He then full knowledge of the fact, encourage them

continued: in it.

"Now what is the necessity of calling "I speak plainly upon this subject, beattention to this matter at this particular cause it appears to me to be vital to our time? I believe that we know that the welfare. I do not direct my remarks to

necessity does exist. You only need to Latterday Saints alone, but to the people

read the reports that come to us from of all creeds, profession of faith, or of the various parts of the United States, and no faith at all. I know that politics has

from our own state and county. There is been held up to us as a thing so sacred

sufficient evidence to demonstrate that that the Church has nothing to do with it, lawlessness is running riot. Men go, and should not refer to it. I ask you.

boldly and unmasked, and shoot their way in heaven's name, what is the calling of into the treasurehouses of this country, the Church if it is not to oppose lawlessEDITOR'S TABLE 165

ness and crime, and seek to establish rightrespond physically in emergency, make it eousness; if it is not to stand firmly for necessary that we eliminate from society

the proper administration of the law, and anything that will becloud the brain or to oppose violation of it that peace and leave the driver's hand unsteady. We are

prosperity may abide with the people of living in a condition in which we cannot our country, which can be had under no with impunity foster traffic in intoxicatother conditions? ing liquors. God said long ago that they

"I wish that the people of the world were not good for man. Our boys and

could be made familiar with the contents girls, from the standpoint of integrity and of the Book of Mormon, this American consistency, should take a stand against the scripture which has been before the world use thereof."

during a century of time. It outlines the The coming holidays is a good time to

destiny of this nation, tells it as plainly put these admonitions into real practice.

as history will tell it after its destiny is—A.

accomplished. It makes very plain this

fact: That if the government is to be Dependable Workers Wanted

perpetuated, as it may, if it is to endure as God has decreed that it may, it can only Apparently little things go to make up least, what some considerbe by service to the God of the land, who character—at

is Jesus Christ, our Lord and Master. little things. Take for example in Y. M.

That is definitely decreed. M. I. A.—we have about one thousand "I appeal to good people everywhere, young men who act as secretaries—96

not to any political party, not to any stake and about 900 ward secretaries servparticular church, but to all people, to ing in this capacity. Their business is to

use their influence to bring to pass rightrecord the simple facts and forward them eousness in the administration of the civil as required in the Y. M. M. I. A. monthly

affairs of our country, and I make this efficiency and statistical reports. Of the

appeal to both the church and the state, 96 stake secretaries. 48 have reported for

for both need it."October; and of the 459 wards in those

Elder David O. McKay said: reported stakes, 340 ward secretaries re-

"There is much being said now about ported, leaving 119 wards not reported in the law prohibiting the manufacture and the stakes in question, besides all the wards sale of liquor. Latterday Saints should in the stakes that are unreported. Eleven

uphold that law everywhere, at socials, stakes have reported every ward; (See

at banquets. Civil officers, members of report) while 560 wards of the 900 -axe

clubs, who are contributing to the formanot reported. Since this was written four

tion of public opinion ought to be proud stakes with 44 ards have reported 34 to uphold that law. It is a constitutional wards.

law. and it is time that the leaders of this A worried stake secretary writes:

country, the politicians, the statesmen, the "There seems to be a lack of responsileaders in civic affairs in the state and in bility on the part of ward officers in our the cities should so speak of this law. so stake. Although appeals and notices have

act towards it, that public sentiment would been sent to the ward presidents and secrebe turned in favor of its enforcement. taries, only three wards of the eleven in

Latterday Saints, we are expected to upour stake reported in time to be included hold it and to uphold every other law in this report. It will probably be the

which contributes to the advancement and poorest showing in the Church, but I peace of mankind. And these laws against thought it advisable to send it in. and at

the manufacture and sale of intoxicating the same time ask for some advice. Can

liquors are such laws, and our conditions you suggest means of getting these effinow in society, with millions of autociency reports from the ward organizamobiles, the drivers of which must be at tions? Appeals have been made at monthly

their very best, active mentally, quick to union meetings, by letter, and by personal 166 IMPROVEMENT ERA

visits. We are now at a loss to find some one who should count for something, and

method of bringing them in. * * * do something in the world, he ought to

Material for officers other than that which show it in this little responsibility of rewe are using, is not available."porting the Mutual each month in his

We were about to suggest that you obward, and which undoubtedly he promised tain dependable officers, but you close your to do when he took upon him the office.

letter by saying that men other than There is no other successful way of those you are now using, are not available, having a thing done, than to do it, or, in which case there is nothing to do but to get men to do it whom you can depend to call the present officers to repentance. upon. If you cannot substitute the men.

Endeavor to show them the seriousyou must call them to repentance, change ness of refusal or neglect to do their their attitude, and impress upon them the work. Neglect will lead them to slight need of dependability. Their action in

other Mutual work, omit to pray, to pay thia duty is the basis of what they will their tithing, to attend their sacrament do in other things; it is a point in their

meetings, their business or other work. A career that should not show neglect, if

young man who cannot be depended upon they desire to build a character that is to do so small a job as making out the worth while in the world.

efficiency report of the Mutual of his ward When men are appointed to office, they each month, is a very poor candidate for should be aked if they are willing to take any job in business, on the farm, in upon themselves the work of this office, the home, or in the Church. Of course, and then the work and what is required

if he is going to choose to be a slacker in should be thoroughly explained to them.

these respects, one cannot expect anything Dependability in all one promises to do better of him in the M. I. A., but if he great or small is fundamental.—A.

expects to be a man, a dependable man.

"His Blood Be Upon Us and Our Children"

Since Christ was killed by members of his race,

The curse of God descended on their seed.

His favored blessings on their homeland to efface,

And reap full vengeance for that treacherous deed.

After the siege, the Roman sword held sway;

In lieu of wisemen from the East, the Moslems sought a home;

Where once the debris of a ruined temple lay.

The Mosque of Omar lifts its Oriental dome.

In foreign lands, the mercenary Jew plied his trade.

Where universal hate, engendered by his greed,

Has of that tribe a race of exiles made;

The curse of God has been upon their seed.

The British troop dispersed the foreign guard.

The Gentile yoke is lifted from Mount Zion.

The Jews, returning to the homeland of the Lord

Shall build anew that eastern Zion.

Btaver. Utah. E. CECIL MCGAVIN

All matters pertaining to the Aaronic Prie thood presented under this heading, are prepared under the direction of the Presiding Bishopric.

Ward Supervision in an orderly way and carried on their lessons. The supervisors need to train

"Duties of Ward Supervisors of Aaronic the quorums to carry on effectively under

Priesthood,"Presented at the Bishops'any conditions. The latter part of secMeeting, October 8, 1927, by Fred Abtion 121 in the Doctrine and Covenants

bott, Supervisor, Ninth ward, Mt. Ogden is a measuring stick for the priesthood. We

stake. should maintain the spirit therein described

This is how the Lesser Priesthood Comin all of our relations.

mittee are functioning in the Ninth ward. At every sacramental meeting one memWe have a supervisor working in conjuncber of the priesthood is given an assigntion with the bishop and the priests. The ment to present a topic. It is just a little

bishop presides over the priests, and the difficult sometimes to get the boys to do supervisor is there with the bishop. If. that. Some of the boys say, "I cannot

for any reason, the bishop cannot attend do it."Then we say, "If you cannot

the meeting, the supervisor is sure to be do it. alright; but if the other fellow does

present to take charge of the work. While it, not many weeks will pass before you

the counselors in the bishopric do not can do it, if you try."Some of the

teach, the first counselor has general charge boys who have refused, have come later of the deacons, the second counselor of and said. "I will be glad to take my turn."

the teachers, and a supervisor is appointed The reason for this is that in the openfor each of the quorums of the teachers ing sacramental meeting a good influence and deacons. The priesthood is thereis created. It brings out the very best

fore never left without somebody to take that is in the boy and he stands up and charge. gives it to the people. He is on his honor

The duties of the supervising committee that he will do certain things. After it

never replace the duties and responsibilities is all over, he will think about what he of the presidencies of the different has said and ponder, "Well. I have said

quorums. When a supervisor enters a dethings and must make good. I cannot

partment he takes a back seat and all the disappoint the people."Under the inimportance and prominence possible is fluence of the Holy Ghost, he will say

given to that quorum. The president or things that will bind him to the cause. I

one of the counselors takes charge. He recommend strongly this practice. It will

makes the announcements, and the assigngive the boy a needed training.

ments, in a systematic manner, and the One or two things, we are doing on supervisor is a silent member while this the outside. The street car company in

is going on. The boy presiding calls on Ogden has been taking up ties and doing

members to open and close the meeting, a lot of repair work on Washington checks up the assignments made, and has avenue. These ties arc excellent for

charge generally of the preliminary exerkindling wood. I asked the foreman if

cises. Then the supervisor takes charge. I could have one or two hundred of these

It is the business of the supervisor to ties. He said, "Sure."The ties are now

promote order and system in every phase up at the Church. The priesthood superof the class exercises. Recently we had a visors will fix up a saw. operate it by

meeting of importance, and all the super- a Ford automotor, and saw the wood into visors and the bishopric were in this meetblocks. The boys will then split it into

ing, leaving all the priesthood quorums kindling wood, and distribute it to the without supervisors. All of the quorums, widows in the ward. Every deserving

with one exception, conducted themselves widow, whether in the Church or not, will

get a share. There are some families in teacher and is as happy as can be. That

the ward whose gates have never been is only one of twenty or more instances.

opened to the ward teachers. But when Labor must be made to get them from

the gates are opened for the kindling wood, the Aaronic into the Melchizedek Priestthey will open more easily to the ward hood.

teachers. The boys doing this will get Another thing, any time you feel you

much joy out of it. They will appreare a little too important to get hold of

ciate it, because they are rendering service. a boy's hand because he is smoking, you

I was formerly president of an elders'are wrong. I suggest that you get hold

quorum, and I saw in the ward a number of the boy. Tell him he is welcome, even

of honest men with families of good chilif he is smoking. Tolerate it. Pave the

dren. These men had habits which kept way for the day when you can lead him

them from Church. I said to the brethren into security and right living. You can't

in charge of the Lesser Priesthood, "If do these things in a day. You can't do

you have no objection I would like to them in a month. Sometimes it takes a

keep an auxiliary roll of men in the ward year of patience and waiting. When the

and invite them to attend the elders'time comes to reprove him, do it, but quorum meeting."I found possibly don't let him get away from you. Make

twentyfour in all, some of whom may not him feel that you are his friend lest he even have been deacons. When I called on count you his enemy.

these men and asked them to come to Work diligently and you will get good priesthood meeting, I had to make promresults. I promise you it will be the

ises that I would not call on them to happiest time in your lives.

do anything. Well, these brethren came.

The only way I could get them to take Field Notes part was to discuss things in which they were interested. Pioneer Stake Progress: Pioneer stake

I went up to one man, and as I took has adopted the slogan "Make Pioneer hold of his arm I felt a package of tostake better through the Priesthood,"and bacco in his pocket. I talked to him in a since that time a consistent effort has been

frank, but friendly way. He didn't get made to improve the work and increase

angry. I knew he wouldn't. I said, the efficiency of the various quorums of

"You have an excellent wife and a mighty the priesthood.

Progress has been made in the quorums fine oldest boy,—one of the best in the

community. Are you satisfied with your of the Melchizedek priesthood, but the

position and with what you are doing?"greatest advancement is noted in the

He said, "No; I am ashamed of myself."Aaronic priesthood. Pioneer stake has put

I said, "You are only a deacon. You are into effect the program for Aaronic priest-

a strong young man. You don't need hood work as outlined by the Presiding

to smoke."He said, "It is the hardest Bishopric. An Aaronic priesthood comthing in the world to quit."In about mittee has been appointed in each ward

four months I saw him again and smilingly under the direction of the assignments of said, "What have you got there?"He the three grades of this priesthood. The

said, "I have the same package I had when stake committee is comprised of a member you spoke to me, and I haven't smoked of the stake presidency and six members of since; and, furthermore, I am confident the high council. This committee is di-

I will never take another smoke.""I vided into two corps and visits two wards

knew you could do it,"I replied. "Now, each Monday night for the purpose of

the next thing for you to do is to be supervii'ngs the activities of the Aaronic worthy to receive the Melchizedek Priestpriesthcjd in the various wards of the hood, get a temple recommend, and have stake. Particular attention is given to the

your wife and children sealed to you."problem of adult members of the Church

After four or five months he had his who are still enrolled in one of the grades family sealed to him and he is now a ward of the Aaronic priesthood, and a special

PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS 169

effort is being made to urge the attendconsistent hard work on the part of stake ance of these men with a view of preparand ward officers in bringing the coning them for advancement. ditions prevailing in the Aaronic priest-

A spirit of agreeable cooperation prehood to a reasonable degree of success.

vails between the wards and the stake, and Aaronic Priesthood Party, Blackfoot as a result of this cooperation and the Stake. The annual party for the Lesser

efficient supervision of the work by the priesthood was held at the Blackfoot stake stake committee, an average attendance of tabernacle, Wednesday evening, October 28% of the record membership has been 19, 1927. The committee in charge of

maintained during the nine months ofthe the party consisted of A. A. Bingham.

year 1927. Ray E. Merkley, A. N. Allred, A. D.

Emphasis is being placed upon advanceJacklin, and Egin Lamprecht, all stake ment in the priesthood, as a result of merit workers in the priesthood. A short but

rather than having such advancements pleasing program was rendered and at the made according to ages. Bishops of wards close of the program the remainder of the

have been asked to closely examine all evening was spent in dancing. Prizes

young men as to their knowledge of the were awarded for the best dancers in the gospel, and to inspect the records of asdeacons', teachers', priests', and bishops'signments filled, and the attendance at classes. Light refreshments were served to

quorum meetings, to satisfy themselves that about 350 guests.

candidates for promotion are qualified for Social Activities. Reports for the nine

the proposed advancement. This policy months show that special activities were

is stimulating young men to more conreported for only sixteen stakes for the sistent effort and a study of the class work Aaronic priesthood quorums during the than has heretofore prevailed. past three months. These have consisted

While there may be nothing unusual of such outings as swim, melon feeds, in the program of this stake, the success desert picnics, baseball gameg, contests, pioobtained is the result of several years of neer day celebration, excursions, etc.

Fairest Visions

Too soon are gone the glories of the day,

Too soon the sun sinks in the golden west,

The flowers and sky are turned to dullest grey,

And gloomy seems all Nature when at rest.

But though my eyes may miss the pleasing sight.

Across my soul the shadows do not fall,

For visions come that bring me warmth and light

And weave a rosehued glamour over all.

The fairest sights are seen, not with the eyes,

But with the mind in imagery sublime,

We need not for lost beauties vainly sigh,

When powers to store the best increase with time.

Raymond, Canada. HELEN KIMBALL ORGILL

MpJJTOAL

What to do in December

The Drama, one of the big recreational of stimulating good work in your assoevents on the regular M. I. A. program, ciation. At the Union meeting, this

may be given in any month, but where it month, attention should be called to this1 is convenient and the proper preparations item, and the general interest of the officers have been made, the Drama should be solicited. At the June conference, 1928,

given in December and should fit in with an award will be made to all stakes who the general yearround recreation program obtain for one or more months 100% of stake or ward, and should be presented efficiency in their reports. Entire stake

on some other night than Tuesday. For organizations should be encouraged to coparticulars concerning the list of plays and operate in making this record. Executive

other items relating to the matter see: officers, including the secretaries, should

M. I. A. Yearround Program, page 21cooperate in seeing that proper records and

22. reports are made promptly.

Class work, of course, should be looked

The efficiency report blank should be into and carried out with enthusiasm durcarefully checked by the officers and a ing the month.

proper report made. Attention to this Look also to the completion of the

report is one of the most effective means canvass for Era subscriptions.

AfterMutual Dances

At a recent meeting of the General c. That these dances interfere with school

Boards in joint assembly, a motion was studies of our boys and girls.

carried, reaffirming the original position d. That many young people drift about

of the General Boards, relating to Afterfrom their own, to wards that give

Mutual Dances, and discouraging these those dances.

dances for the following reasons: e. That these dances are keeping our

young people out late and breaking the a. The activities of the various departCurfew law.

ments present sufficient variety. There

is no necessity for such a dance. This regulation would not apply to

b. That these dances add nothing to our matinee dances and occasional dances after

recreational or educational program. Mutual, but to the regular practice.

Putting Over the Slogan in Parowan Stake

The M. I. A. Boards of Parowan stake many of the missions. The stake board

are putting over the Slogan by the use of has secured the slides, which number about illustrated lectures in each ward. Gustive 100, through the courtesy of the Bureau

O. Larson, principal of the Seminary, orof Information, and Brother Larson has deganized, in the California mission in 1923, livered the lecture to crowded houses in

an illustrated lecture on Ancient American each ward.

Civilization and the Book of Mormon. The stake board has supplied approIt was later given before the General Aupriate musical programs to fit into the

thorities in Salt Lake and has been sent to theme.

MUTUAL WORK 171

They Know How to Work

I. A. and the Scout leaders in Rexburg,

Idaho. The picture is taken in the beets,

showing a part of the twentyfive acres they have raised this year. They are in

the midst of the harvest now and are taking from this portion of the field twentyone tons per acre. A wonderful

showing! They are fine fellows and know

how to work. They have followed the

beet industry since they were 1 1 and 1 years of age, and while they have worked at times for other people; from them

and their father, they have always received

This photograph shows LeMayne and words of commendation for their industry.

Conley Watts, boys 1 7 and 1 6 years old, They have made their own way so far by respectively, and sons of J. A. Watts, 1st hard work during their vacation. Comassistant superintendent of the Y. M. M. mendable example for all young men.

Stake Mutual, Twin Falls, Entertains

On August 26, 1927, the Twin Falls and toasted marshmallows. There were

Stake Mutual entertained the ward officers tiny candles in candle holders of green and at a social. The guests were received by gold. Following the banquet each ward

members of the Board and the High Counin the stake furnished a stunt for entercilmen appointed to the M. I. A. Then foltainment and the whole was ended by

lowed community singing and mixers. The dancing. One hundred people enjoyed the

color scheme of the M. I. A. was artisticparty and declared it the most successful

ally carried out both in the decorations and "get together"party that we have had.

in the m:nu. Program of reading, music Ellis Boyling, Reed Bitter, Stake Recreand plans for the coming season were proation Committee; Wm. E. Bitter, Stake

vided, followed by toasts, conversations. Superintendent, Y. M. M. I, A.

Carlin Scouts'Trip to Yellowstone National Park

Six Scouts of xhz Carlin troop number From Lake Camp the party proceeded to 1, Nevada, left on Sunday, July 17, 1927, the Grand Canyon of the Yellowstone enroute to Yellowstone National Park. The river, and thence up over Dunraven Pass

trip up consumed three days. At Twin to Tower Falls, where a burnedout bearFalls, Idaho, Scout Executive Robertson ing caused a delay of one and a half days.

welcomed the scouts and their driver, Mr. We went to Mammoth Hot Springs down

Earle Bohne. He took them for a sightthrough the Norris Geyser Basin to Old

seeing ride about the city. The scouts Faithful, then out the South Entrance in

also met the scout executive at Pocatello. the Jackson Hole country. Swimming and

Idaho. Supplies for the trip were purboating were enjoyed at this spot. Then

chased at Idaho Falls. From the West en- a start for home was made by routes

trance the party proceeded to Old Faithful through northern Wyoming and Idaho.

Camp, after viewing the many geysers of The trip consumed twelve days. The

the Upper and Lower Geyser basins. The scouts had their own tents and did their

next day a stop was made at the Lake own cooking. The fee charged to each

Camp for one and a half days, where boatscout was $15, which provided partway ing and fishing were enjoyed by the scouts. for their transportation and food. The

172 IMPROVEMENT ERA

other part of the expenses were paid out ter Nelson as scoutmaster and Mr. Burdsell

of the scout treasury. The Boy Scouts of as assistant.- J. W. Robinson, Carlin, NeCarlin are fully organized, with Mr. Chesvada.

West Gridley Basketball Team, California

All except three are members of the M Foohill league, and the Feather River

Men class of the Liberty branch of the league. Their names are, front row, left

Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday to right: Lavern Wolf, captain; Geo. G.

Saints, at Gridley, California. They are Cole, O. T. Shirley, Jr., Oren Borrowman.

the champions of the Sacramento Valley, Back row: Harry Sannar, Roscoe Jones,

league, the ley. They are a clean, fine bunch.whichleagues—thecomprisesSacramentothree differentValley basketball Bert Jones, Walter Little, Benjamin Shir-

A Good Word for Utah Athletes

Erwin B. Evans, president of the WisSaint boys, and incidentally over the splenconsin district of the Northern States misdid educational progress that is made in

sion, favors the Era with a clipping from Utah in this line. He says, "With the

the Milwaukee Sentinel, written by Coach higher grade of coaching which they are

Knute Rockne of Notre Dame. He has been now receiving all around, look out for

interested in a coaching school in Cache Utah. The University of Utah, coached

Valley and is enthusiastic over the progress by Ike Armstrong, plays Northwestern at of athletic sports among the Latterday Chicago this fall. I saw these Utes playing

MUTUAL WORK 173

in Hawaii last winter. They looked mighty Brigham Young University, came east to

good. They won't beat Northwestern; the Penn relays and won the high jump

Dick Hanley has a mighty fine team comwith a leap of 6 feet 5]/2 inch s. Then

ing on, but they'll play a grade of football came Creed Haymond from the University good enough to convince any skeptic that of Utah to the University of Pennsylvania.

Utah is coming fast. His sprinting astounded the east. All three

"In June, 1912, a gangly, rawboned of th:se stars came from the southern end

chap named Alva Richards reported at of the state.

Northwestern field for the Olympic trials. "The reason for these men is not beTenaciously hanging on to a carpet bag cause the distance between water holes is

the youngster announced that he was a high great, nor that one had to jump high to jumper from Utah. He was. Unknown be able to pick the berries. They are the

and unheralded he won the event that day, result of heredity. The people who pioand won it at the Olympic games. neered this state were, absolutely, of the

"In 1914, Clinton Larson, representing best American stock."

New Superintendents

Rulon E. Hicken was sustained as stake vice, Arthur S. Richards, released. The

superintendent of the Y. M. M. I. A. at change was made on Saturday, August 27,

Cardston, Alberta stake, Canada, on Sep1927.

tember 7. Former superintendent Seth H.

James Jenson was chosen, September 18,Nelson was released.

1927, superintendent of the Box Elder

LeRoy Whitehead was chosen stake stake, Y. M. M. I. A., vice, Wm. H.

superintendent of the Y. M. M. I. A. of Stayner, released.

Gunnison stake, vice, Charles E. Embley,

released. Robert Lee Purrington, was appointed

I. A., Weber Wm. H. Stoddard was appointed supersuperintendent Y. M. M.

intendent of the Y. M. M. I. A. of the stake, vice, Joseph E. Wright, released.

Blaine stake, vice, David K. Henry, reVirgil M. Flake, Snowflake stake, Arileased. zona, was appointed superintendent, Octo-

E. Rey Guymen was sustained superber 23, 1927, vice, Jesse M. Smith, reintendent of the Montpelier stake, Idaho, leased.

Short Play Contest

Announcement of the winners in the Improvement Era for 1927, will be made short play contest inaugurated by the in the January, 1928, number.

Appreciation From Japan

Fujiya Nara, General Superintendent of Church withdrew its missionaries over two the Mutual Improvement Associations in years ago. There are three M. I. A. orJapan, writes from Tokyo, to Alma O ganizations in Japan, one at Tokyo and

Taylor, expressing sincere appreciation to vicinity over which Fujiya Nara presides:

the General Board for furnishing them one at Osaka and vicinity, of which with the Improvement Era, from which they get much encouragement and help. Tsuruichi Katsura is president, and one at

The few Saints in Japan, seem determined Sapporo and all the Island Hokkaido with to carry on in spite of the fact that the Kenji Ono, president.

174 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Y. M. M. I. A. Statistical Report, October. 1927

si o 51 o STAKE x<—(2o iu CO 5 -o S 5 to"2 = g a c c

:> u 1 c "O 1

3 "o > 2 c C 111 <> <t oh uj CO < u II o O J <> <2 COc <:-'o O J T3<

Box Elder. 757 n 13 134 192 221 10 224|781 100|127| 89| 9|137 462

Carbon. 547 7 3 78 7.9 23 9 591148 201 201 161 41 45 105

Cottonwood...... 727 10 10 107 80 160 30 275|652 101] 66] 95| 22|l76 460

Deseret... 521 12 12 90 150 85 22 131|478 70| 96] 57| 11| 86 320

Emery... 476 9 7 60 59 110.. 177|406 43 34| 71 1 1133 281

956 8 8 81 1 30 704 31 787 778 78 1 10 1 67 7 768 646

Granite..... 1000 9 9 79 80 206 126 235 725 70 68 155 99 192 584

Gunnison. 279 7 7 48 59 43 46 196 37 42 35 29 143

Juab 328 5 4 39 79 57 60 235 31 54 44 51 180

Liberty 1435 12 12 112 177 229 106 310 934 111 183 209 89 279 871 595 1 1 7 70 74 78 1 8 154 3P4 51 34 40 10 96 731

North Davis 473 6 4 39 20 59 82 200 35 14 35 60 144 710 10 7 49 76 78 1 10 977 3Q 16 43 77 170

Ogden 876 11 11 97 89 161 35 757 634 78 59 1 16 7? 180 455

Oquirrh. 485 6 6 60 53 71 16 119 319 53 35 34 12 70 204

Palmyra... 487| 8 5 43 54 51 15 95 258 24 26 16 16 44 131

Panguitch 255i 6 1 10 14 18 12 54 7 7 8 6 28

Parowan 546 11 4 31 29 73 55 138?? 71 13 3? 88

330 11 10 72] 111 75 16 86 360 47 63 46 10 55 771

St. George 680 14 8 77 79 90 47 74 367 51 53 73 20 60 257

1090 13 13 123 129 228 35 264 779 104 88 158 29 201 580

South Davis 528 8 8 76 71 140 170 457 63 46 92 111 332

South Sevier 200 8 6 48 124 14 112 290 36 90 10 91 227 465 12 Uintah 415 10 7 50 72 60 27 74 283 48 53 46 7 56 710

Bear Lake 363 11 7 50 49 35 81 215 32 36 19 43 130

Burley 306 9 3 21 37 4 12 18 92 11 19 4 3 11 48

Cassia 149 6 6 35 60 35 3 56 189 22 42 15 2 41 122

Fremont. 666 14 13 120 187 145 19 145 616 80 143 88 15 86 402

200 7 5 34 30 11 4 25 104 17 26 7 2 17 69

Idaho Falls. - - 577 12 7 61 67 65 11 67 271 40 45 27 4 56 172

124 3 2 11 22 3 8 44 9 9 3 5 76Minidoka 252 8 5 35 52 27 7 22 143 23 22 18—15 69

552 10 8 85 89 106 18 124 422 65 66 76 15 85 307 521 13 7 79 113 68 16 69 345 57 86 32 8 41 774 315 9 9 87 63 49 2 78 279 52 36 27 2 48 165

Yellowstone 370 10 7 50 77 51 61 239 35 53 50 26 164

Big Horn. - - 322 6 3 23 32 18 15 78 12 18 4 2 10 46

Lethbridge 223 9 5 67 54 59 62 16 258 46 38 52 25 11 172

Los Angeles. 420 8 7 65 77 143 97 382 58 68 124 85 335

210 7 5 38 58 50 54 200 31 57 38 32 158 290 11 3 20 16 26 20 22 104 17 8 17 14 17 73

Star Valley 365 11 7 66 43 59 6 65|239 40 29 33 3 41 146

Woodruff. 325 5 5 43 70 41 5 441203 35 40 15 1 30 121

San Francisco 364 10 10 59 89 86 22 256 51 67 60 14 192

Hollywood 318 10 10 89 122 149 15 77 452 69 110 121 22 56 3 78 400 20|14 58 95 100 9 45 307 50 110 90 6 35 7.91

N. W. States Mission 175...'7 41 51 38 9 14 153 33 31 36 4 13 117

715 9 8 64 77 69 15 155 380 51 39 42 12 106 250 1410 14 10 85 1 83 157 56 258 599 82 70 115 55 186 508 503 13 8 57| 59 48 68|249 46 43 32 10 51 182 161 459 62 88 69 130 349Maricopa 425 8 8 77 113 108 17 1

Y. M. M. I. A. Efficiency Report, October, 1927

T3 W>

O I 1 STAKE f i 1m c O E s 1 fc-g s >< (2 s w U- h Hollywood 10 10 10 8 10 7 7 8 10 10 90 7 10 10 5 6 7 8 6 10 10 79 7 10 10 3 6 4 2 5 9 8 64 Box Elder 10 6 10 5 5 8 8 7 10 10 79 5 10 6 6 4 5 6 5 6 6 59 Carbon..... 8 10 10 10 3 4 7 52

Cottonwood 9 10 10 10 10 7 7 8 10 10 91

Deseret 9 10 10 10 7 6 8 5 5 y 19

Emery 9 10 7 4 7 2 5 6 8 6 64 8 10 10 10 10 7 7 5 10 10 8/ 4 10 10 7 7 3 5 2 10 10 68 Granite 7 10 10 10 10 2 4 3 10 10 76

Gunnison.. 7 10 10 10 8 6 9 8 6 9 83

Juab 8 10 8 8 8 3 7 4 8 8 11 Liberty.. 7 10 10 10 10 8 7 4 10 10 86

7 9 10 10 7 3 7 7 10 9 /y North Davis 6 10 10 10 10 5 6 10 10 10 87

North Sanpete 4 6 6 6 6 6 6 2 8 6 56

Ogden. 7 10 10 10 9 7 9 7 10 10 89

Oquirrh.... 7 10 10 8 7 6 6 7 10 10 85

5 6 10 8 8 7 9 9 10 10 /I Panguitch.. 10 5 1 1 10 27

Pa rowan.. 5 9 8 8 5 4 3 b 42

10 9 6 3 2 4 7 8 7 9 65 St. George.... 10 10 9 8 3 7 4 4 10 65

Salt Lake 7 10 10 7 9 7 7 7 9 10 82

South Davis. 9 10 10 10 10 10 10 8 10 10 97

10 10 10 10 3 7 2 8 9 69 7 4 9 7 63Summit... 10 8 9 4 3 2

Uintah 7 10 6 2 5 3 4 4 7 6 47

Bear Lake... 7 6 5 1 3 3 5 4 6 4 44

Burley 3 7 3 2 1 3 2 3 3 27 10 10 10 5 10 7 4 7 10 10 83 9 10 10 10 6 5 10 8 10 10 88 8 10 10 3 3 4 5 9 10 10 72 Idaho Falls 5 6 10 7 6 4 7 8 9 6 68 3 9 10 3 3 6 6 6 3 49 Minidoka 7 7 5 3 3 4 3 5 4 6 47

Pocatello 8 10 10 10 9 6 10 5 10 10 88

Rigby 7 9 5 5 2 5 5 6 8 5 57 Shelley... 9 6 10 7 7 6 7 7 9 10 78

Yellowstone... 6 10 10 2 6 4 8 5 10 8 63

? 9 5 5 3 4? 3 2 5 40

10 10 10 10 10 10 7 fi 10 10 93

Los Angeles 9 10 9 9 9 5 6 8 9 9 83 9 1(1 8 10 7 7 5 6 10 5 77 Snowflake 4 10 3 1 2 1 2 1 2 3 7.8

Star Valley 7 6 6 2 3 2 1 4 4 6 5 45

Woodruff 6 9 10 8 4 5 4 8 9 8 77

No. W. States Mission 10 10 10 3 1 5 7 7 6 9 67

Weber 5 10 10 10 6 10 6 10 10 77

Maricopa 10 10 10 10 9 9 9 10 10 10 97

REPORTS FROM ALL THEIR WARDS The following sixteen stakes received reports from all their wards for the efficiency and statistical report for October: Ensign, Liberty. Box Elder, Ogden, Cottonwood, Salt Lake,

Granite, Deseret, Hollywood, Maricopa, San Francisco, Gunnsion, Oquirrh. South Davis, Shelley,

Woodruff. Let us increase this number for November, as it is quite as important that we get the

reports from the wards as from the stakes, in order that the stake people may be able to determine how the Mutual work is going in their stakes,

EVENTS

The tunnel under the Hudson river between city, Nov. 4, 1927, at the age of 102 years.

New York and Jersey City, was opened Nov. He is said to have been the first man to enter

12. 1927. The tunnel is 9,250 feet long Salt Lake City with a wagon train, during the

and runs 72 feet below the bed of the river. California gold rush. "Uncle Job."as he

It has taken seven years to construct it, and was called, lived in Kansas City and St. Louis

the cost is $48,000,000. The formal openwhen those cities were Indian trading posts,

ing required only the touch of President having gone to St. Louis in 1836. When

Coolidge on a telegraph key at Washington gold was reported in the hills of C-.lifornia,

to draw aside two American flags at the enhe commanded two wagon trains which travtrance of the twin tubes of the tunnel and eled across the country to the west coast.

open the greatest underway boulevard in the He came to Springfield shortly afrerward and world to the official party of the state's goventered the brokerage business and continued ernor. 130 mayors and 15.000 other guests. in this capacity until five years ago. when

Two tubes, each with a road width of 20 he sold his interests to a new corporation.

feet, have a capacity for 3.800 cars hourly.

The tunnels are paved with granite block A series of earthquake shocks along the brilliantly illuminated and supplied with a California coast interfered with the railroad complete change of air 42 times per hour by traffic, on Nov. 4, 1927, over the Southern

84 ventilating fans. Pacific line north of Santa Barbara, and shook

the inland town of Santa Maria. The tremors

To restrict divorces is the aim of a movecontinued all day. The earth tremors apparment in the Presbyterian church in the United ently were heaviest in the vicinity of Honda,

States, launched Nov. 13, 1927, by the dis- a rockbound point thirtyfive miles north

tribution from headquarters in Philadelphia of Santa Barbara. It was here Southern Paof a document, in which it is urged that the cific tracks were thrown out of alignment.

church recognize only one cause for divorce, Trains were delayed for some hours and later viz., adultery. If that principle is adopted, they proceeded at a slow speed. Ships at sea

divorce would not be granted for desertion, were rocked, the Mackay radio station reported.

for instance; or for "cruelty,"or for "inThe steamer Los Angeles radioed two shocks

compatibility of temper,"or "failure to supwere felt after noon. The shocks vibrated

port,"etc. Distribution of the document for the entire steamer, which at that time was

discussion among the churches was authorized twentyfive miles north of Point Arguello, bv the general assembly at San Francisco last Santa Barbara county. At Santa Maria five

May, and the report has been in preparation shocks were felt in five hours, the second of since. Final action is to be taken at the next which, at 5:49 a. m., was the most severe.

general assembly in Tulsa, Okla., in May, Stones in the Masonic hall were dislodged

1928. and fell into the street, while a few plate

glass windows were cracked.

The total net revenue from the Panama

Canal, for the last fiscal year, is placed at Chief Justice Wm. H. Taft. in an address

$18,131,819. The number of ships that before the National Crime commission. Washpassed through were 6,072, or 16.6 ships ington, D. C. Nov. 2. 1927, declared that the

per day. American legal system must be reformed. New

trials, he said, should never be granted, except

Armistice day, Nov. 11, was observed all for injustice, and the practice of selecting

over the country with exercises in memory of juries of weak intelligence must be abolished.

the victims of the world war, who were slain "Exemption from jury service ought to be on the various battlefields. President Coolidge cut down, and society ought to be able to

placed a wreath on the grave of the unknown secure a jury that approaches the issues with soldier at Arlington. Canadians presented "a a sense of its obligation to enforce the law

cross of sacrifice"in memory of American without fear or favor, and with intelligence soldiers who were killed in the Canadian enough to learn from the judge what the law service, and the Canadian troops were paradis and to weigh the evidence with reference to ing Washington streets, bearing arms. Memorial its violation."

services were held as usual in honor of

Woodrow Wilson, the "war president."In Russia decides to participate in the deliberaUtah the day was observed, generally under tions of the League of Nations disarmament

the direction of the posts of the American commission on Nov. 30, according to an

Legion. announcement from Paris, dated Nov. 1, 1927.

That means that all the great powers of the

Job Newton, Springfield, Mo., died in that world, including the United States, will be

PASSING EVENTS 177

represented on that commission, and that every object in view, he tracked his victim from excuse for failure to agree on some practical place to place, until on May 29, 1926. he

plan for the reduction of military forces of found his chance, in Paris, to pour the lead the world is deprived of any real foundation. into his body and end his life. There seems

It has always been said that no disarmament to be great joy and satisfaction in Jewish plan can be adopted until all the powers agree circles over the acquittal of the slayer. He is

on it. The opportunity for a general agreeregarded as a hero, a blood avenger, and the

ment is now at hand. murder he committed was. it is said, an act of

"higher justice,"and the jury, seemingly,

Marriages for five years only is the brilliant took the same view, and that suggests the quesidea of a jurist of the Los Angeles superior tion whether there is in France, or any civilcourt "in order to adjust book law to current ized community, a "higher justice"than that usage."according to an Associated Press disentrusted to the administration of the legal

patch from Los Angeles dated Nov. 1, 1927. authorities.

The contract should be renewable, he suggests, at the end of the fiveyear period. If it is John F. Bowman was elected mayor of

not renewed, the division of the property Salt Lake City. Nov. 8, 1927. with a total

and custody of the children would be settled of 17,795 votes. His competitor Mayor C.

bv the courts We used to think that marClarence Neslen. received 15,216 votes. Mr.

riages "until death do you part"were too Charles N. Fehr and commissioner T. T.

short, but fiveyear marriage contracts! Burton were elected with 21.351 and 15.219

votes, respectively.

Crime and criminals are increasing faster than the population, according to figures pubThe cornerstones of the L. D. S. taberlished by the department of justice, Oct. 31, nacle at Twin Falls, Idaho, were laid Oct. 23,

1927. The total prison population in federal.President Wm. T. Jack of Oakley. Cassia

prisons, at the end of the last fiscal years, stake, officiating. President L. S. Kirkman.

was 18.788. as compared with 8.927 in of the Twin Falls stake, announced the

1918. The increase in the prison population amount of the contributions collected and the

the last nine years has been 110 per cent, funds expended, and explained that the copper while the entire population, during the same box placed in the cornerstone contained a time, has increased only 20 per cent. The roster of those, numbering more than 1000,

most striking increase was found in narcotic who have contributed to the structure up to law violations, which jumped from 299 in the present time.

1918 to 2116 in 1927. Next in order were Bishop Alfred Ricks died at his home in

violation of the Volstead act, with 2040 Sugar City. Idaho. Oct. 24, 1927, after several

prisoners. Violation of another recent law, months'illness. He came to Rexburg with his

the motor vehicle theft act, stood third on the father. President Thomas Ricks, founder of

list. that city and the college there which bears

Maximilian Harden, famous German newshis name. He homesteaded the farm in that

paper man, died suddenly, Oct. 30, 1927, at vicinity in the early days and was largely inMontana-Vermala, Switzerland, after an attack strumental in bringing about a greater agriof bronchitis. It is said of him that he caused cultural development in the upper valley. Of

more uneasiness to the former royalty of Gerrecent years he had been in the mercantile many and men who occupied political positions business in Sugar City. For more than twenty

during the regime of the former kaiser than any years he was a bishop and under his guidance a few grew in City from Sugar the Churchother hated in Germany. agency He man or

the in largest upper to of the one less, members war the former and feared lord more him than any other German subject; was violently country. He was born Nov. 28, 1869, at

opposed to the kaiser, and never permitted Logan. Utah, and is survived by his widow

to pass an opportunity to criticise and attack and six children.

the ruler and those associated with him in An earthquake shock of considerable inthe government. His newspaper. Die Zukunft. tensity shook southeastern Alaska. Oct. 24.

was widely read and extensively quoted both 1927. severing the military cables between

in Germany and abroad. Ketchikan and Wrangell and between Juneau,

Haines and Skagway. breaking dishes and winShotom Schwartzbard, a Ukrainian Jew. dows and stopping clocks. The center of discharged with the murder of General Petlura. turbance is supposed to have been in the Pawas acquitted by a French jury, Oct. 27, 1927. cific ocean off the coast of Alaska.

It was shown during the trial, that Schwartzbard believed that Petlura was responsible for Fire destroyed the building of the Carpenter the massacre of thousands of Jews in Ukrania Paper Co., 143-5 South State street. Salt

during the years 191820, and that SchwartzLake City, causing a total loss of approxibard had slain the general in order to avenge mately $325,000. on Sunday, Oct. 23. The

the murder of his countrymen. With this first fire alarm was turned in at 7:25 p. m.

178 IMPROVEMENT ERA

It was found that the blaze had started in an age. The memorial was unveiled by a daughold twostory warehouse at the rear of the ter of General Meade, Miss Henrietta Meade

main buildings, which were damaged to the of Philadelphia, who, with Governor Fisher extent of $50,000. The heaviest losses were and members of his staff, were guests of the

suffered by the paper company, but the Mounpresident at luncheon before the ceremony.

tain States Implement company, 13539 South

State street, and Sam Peterson and Sons Com- A farewell party for Dr. and Mrs. John A.

pany. 147 South State street also reported Widtsoe was given in the Assembly Hall, Salt

losses to both building and stock of their Lake City, Nov. 10, 1927. under the auspices

respective establishments. A heroic act of of the brethren presiding in the Scandinavian

rescue is told in the reports of the fire. One meetings in Salt Lake City, and the Associated

of the firemen, Francis L. Buhlcr. while chopNewspapers. Dr. Widtsoe, who has been called

ping a pathway for a hose to be brought into to preside over the European mission, is the the center of the building, fell headlong into president of a committee appointed by the a mass of burning rubbish and came into conChurch authorities to supervise and direct those tact with an exposed live wire. He was renmeetings and publications, and the brethren

dered unconscious by the electricity and would laboring under the discretion of that comhave burned to death but for the heroic action mittee, and numerous Church members ofof Captain Rafferty, who rushed to his asforeign extraction—German and Scandinaviansistance. Dashing the charged wire from the and from Holland—met to express their love

prostrate body of the fallen fireman, the and respect for Dr. Widtsoe and his estimable

captain carried him to a point of safety. First wife and wish Godspeed on their journey and

aid treatment was applied and Buhler was resuccess in their labors abroad.

vived. President Heber J. Grant was the principal

speaker of the evening. He congratulated the

Patrick, Cardinal O'Donnell. primate of the. guests of honor on the call they had received

Irish Roman Catholic church, died Oct. 22. to go out in the world and win souls for

1927, of double pneumonia. The last few Christ. He also told of his own joy in

days he was very weak. His illness was missionary labor in the European mission, and

diagnosed as influenza pneumonia, and pleurisy the outpouring of the Spirit of the Lord in had developed on the right side. the gatherings of the Saints in foreign countries.

said coal thousand are to miners Four have speakers President S. were Other Rulon

strike in a fields, thegone on coal Colorado Wells, Elder Jenson. Forsberg. Gustav Andrew

Oct. call I. 18, at theon 1927, of the W. W. Petersen, L. Jean Wunderlick, Adam Wm. leaders. to Trouble in seems that be brewing Nielsen. ladies C. DeBry, and Three young M.

region. in the national the costumes of Scandinavian

Moving picture shows were declared illegal countries, Misses Viola Poruun, Irene Winther in Provo, by Judge George P. Parker, in the and Elsie Olson, sent greetings to the "Old

Fourth district court. In a former decision in Countries."on behalf of the Scandinavians

a similar case based on an old city ordinance, here. Dr. and Mrs. Widtsoe replied, deeply

which did not either expressly or by implicatouched, to the addresses delivered and the ention prohibit the operation of picture shows tire program, expressing their heartfelt appreon Sunday, Judge Parker ruled in favor of ciation of the beautiful proceedings of the the theater. Following this decision early this evening.

year, the city commission passed a new ordinThe Assembly Hall was artistically decance wherein the express terms prohibit the orated with flowers and flags. Music was

operation of Sunday movies. provided by Scandinavian choirs and by Prof.

A statue of Major General George Gordon AxelSwensonNylander(violin)(flute). A tokenand Prof.of remembranceC. Adolph

Meade, who commanded the Union forces at was presented to the guests of honor, on the battle of Gettysburg, was accepted by Pres. behalf of those present, by Elder Isaac ThuCoolidge, Oct. 19, 1927, on behalf of the nell. Elder Ole Gulbrandsen opened the pronation. The President paid the Union comgram with prayer, and Elder H. M. H. Lund

mander a high tribute for reliability and courpronounced the benediction.

Oft men, in vaunted wisdom.

As lighting bugs we find, To grope through life's dark Chasm,

With their headlights on behind.

O. F. Ursenbach.

Advertising Policy of the Era We accent only the highest class of advertising. We recommend to otir

rentiers tlie fi rms anil go<lM found in our advertisingpages

ADVERTISERS IIV THIS ISSUE Beneficial Life Ins. Co. L. D. S. Business College

Brigham Young University Modern Furniture Co.

Deseret Store Book Prudential Building Society Deseret News Co. Knitting Lake Furniture Dinwoodey Co. Salt Pacific Lines Southern Yeast Fleischmann's

InterMountain Life Ins. Co. Utah Agricultural College

Jos. Wm. Taylor, Undertaker Utah Home Fire Ins. Co.

Keeley Ice Cream Co. Zion's Cooperative Merc. Inst.

HUMOROUS HINTS

We'd hate to have to wear anything that had to be pulled up as often as stockings, or down as often as skirts. Ohio State Journal.

Edison thinks people should eat the same thing every day. Nature designed that

man to run a boarding house. St. Paul Pioneer Press.

King George, of England, sold out an entire booth of flowers at a recent charity fete. The fete was in Scotland. We'd call it a feat. San Diego Union.

I believe that the members of the dental profession are the only men who can tell a woman to open or close her mouth and get away with it. Chicago Daily Neivs.

LETS GO TO

KEELEY'S "The Home of Good Things to Eat"

For BreakfastMissionaries—

Lunch, Dinner, or Delicious Box

After Theatre Lunches for the train—Homelike foods prepared by—put up to your order,

women cooks. "Gems of Good Cookery"

KEELEY"ICE CREAM CO.

55 SoJtain160 SaMain - 160 Sa State 'Jffill&rs OmdyDept.

5 Popular Stores

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Carload Nationally Advertised CEDAR CHESTS NONE BETTER JOIN OUR XMAS CLUB $1.00 DOT(—S1.00 PER WEEK

Complete Line of Holiday Goods

MODERN FURNITURE CO.

234236 South State Street 'Trade With Your Friends"E. E. Jenkins, President J. B. Sharp, VicePresident C. E. Davey, Manager

-- Not Obtaining any Relief, I Decided to Give Fleischmann's Yeast a Trial"

"I am the manager of a large meat and grocery business at Midvale, Utah, and have had considerable trouble for over three years, with indigestion. I was especially

bothered after eating meals, when I would be troubled with gas pains.

"After trying many remedies and not obtaining any relief, I decided to give

Fleischmann's Yeast a trial. It proved very beneficial and after having eaten it for

s-K months, I am again full of pep.

"I am now eating three cakes of Fleischmann's Yeast regularly each day before meals, and can heartily recommend it to anyone troubled with indigestion,"

B. A. Rasmussen.

If you are troubled with indigestion, constipation, skin disorders and your system needs a toningup, eat three cakes of Fleischmann's Yeast daily, one before each meal.

Eat it plain in small pieces, dissolved in water, cold or hot (not scalding), or any way you prefer. Start today and you will soon find that you, too, are full of pep.

FLEISCHMANN'S YEAST At All Grocers!

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

A CHRISTMAS GIFT FOR YOUR SON OR DAUGHTER:

50c per month will mature one share of Class A (Installment*

HjScHgy Stock in the PRUDENTIAL BUILDING SOCIETY.

The Prudential Building Society, 49 West South Temple Street, Salt Lake City, Utah.

(Name Street and No City or Town GEORGE M. CANNON, Pres. and Manager GEORGE Q,. MORRIS, Sec. and Treas

It's a short highway that has no detours! Penins.

The person who thinks all others are fools is at least a very safe motorist. Arkansas Gazette.

As we understand it. the little King of Roumania has almost as much authority as the King

of Italy. El Paso Times.

Germany's rag trade is languishing, it is announced, because the men wear their clothes too long and the women wear their's too short. Minneapolis Journal.

Did Ton Ever Think of This?

If you are not specifically trained for some type of useful employment it will not be long before tbe world will point its finger at you and call you a failure.

Ours is a school of opportunity. Here you have a chance

to do the best you can, independently of what anybody else may do.

EVERY MONDAY we open the doors of opportunity when shall we have the privilege of welcoming you?

L. D. S. Business College

Write for Information "Utah's Largest Commercial Training SchooV

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA $13,994.35 Paid

To readers of the Deseret News

Protect Yourself and Family One Year—One Dollar

The wise person will act now.

Tomorrow may be too late Call or Write TRAVEL PEDESTRIAN Was. 550 Salt Lake City, Utah ACCIDENT

INSURANCE

The financial editor says that when money is tight it must be conceded that somebody has been getting more than half of 1 per cent. Los Angeles Times.

The gentleman who has just been sentenced to four years in prison for a swindle which netted him four dollars is another kind of dollar-a-year man. New York Evening Post.

There is almost no danger now that a girl will catch on fire from the grate, but we should think she would be in a good deal of danger of being suddenly chilled if she gets too near the

Frigidaire. Ohio State Journal.

Perrins.—sheSongknewHit:her carrots.So they gave the vegetable man's daughter a job in the jewelry store

Correct Notes in Fall and Winter

Home Furnishings First Sounded Here Never a new note is struck in the homes of the elect—never

a new type of furniture is designed in the factories of foremost originators, but what is at once presented here for your approval.

We are in close touch always with the ery sources of furniture and home furnishings modes. Seeing, judging and interpreting in

ways to suit your needs. In suite, in occasional pieces, in draperies,

in floorcoverings. The finest products of the best of all makers,

in almost infinite variety, and always at the lowest possible prices.

ESTABLISHED 1837 DlNWOODEY'S""GOOD FURNITURE

UHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS. PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

CHRISTMAS GREETING CARDS ORDER YOUR CHRISTMAS GREETING CARDS NOW!

At your request we will send, free of charge, our illustrated folder and price list.

We will appreciate your sending us your order as soon as possible

Saturday Night Thoughts Will Re Ready About November 10th

ORDER NOW!

Mail Order Given Prompt Attention

Deseret Book Company 44 EAST ON SOUTH TEMPLE

JOSEPH WILLIAM TAYLOR

UTAH'S LEADING 1872 UNDERTAKER 1927 Best Equipped for Calls Night or Day in or Out of the City

Price of Caskets at Your Suiting—Services the Latest Advancement

Phones Wasatch 7600, Both Office and Residence 2125 SOUTH WEST TEMPLE STREET

Fire Is No Respecter Of Persons

You may wait till tomorrow to insure but the fire may not.

"See our agent in your town"UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE CO.

HEBER J. GRANT & CO., General Agents Salt Lake City, Utah

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

BEN NETT the...,.*—,

pher IS THE TIME NOWwC To BENNETT BENNETT SIMONIZ GAS GAS Your'Car "Motorists Wize SIMOMZ"Keep Your Car Looking New 10 Orange Colored Stations at Your Service

Accessories, Alemiting, Washing

Overall with a >H| llr An r Bks'i Classy Appearance C Mountaineer EXPRESS STRIPE OVERALLS (ilARASITEED FOR QUALITY, FIT, AND SERVICE A clean, neat appearing garment for the Store Cierk, the Flour Mill

Operator, the Dairyman, the Garage Man, the Teamster. > one Toe Large

Suppose We Should Guarantee You the Fulfilment of these it Marvelous? Think You Not Desires—Would should suddenly snatch accident or IllnessYour income to continue even though

you away or render you unfit for work. An income for your wife—a college

education for your children. The ownership of your home in ten years from now.

The possibility of retirement and the joy of travel and leisure in your later years.

Impossible? Absolutely not. These dreams can be realized if you act now—Make today's hopes realities tomorrow.

A Beneficial Policy is the Key to Success

Blots out your worries—Brings peace of mind

Beneficial Life Insurance Go.

Home Office, Vermont BIdg.—Salt Lake

*oiatfnoi Heber J. Grant, President Lorenzo N". Stohl, Manager

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA