Bpy ip|y J,p'J*l!B| FB

lYSfli tn Elnl jjntjCK

w

,m\

SEE PAGE 642

NOVEMBER, 1939 RETURN POSTAGE GUARANTEED SALT LAKE CITY. UTAH

At "Turn -In Time"your Shellubrication Receipts rove

Worth Their Weight in Gold!

FREE Shellubrication Receipt Holder. Holds 12

receipts. Folds into a compact wallet. Slip it into your

dashboard compartment Shellubrication dealers will keep it upto-date for you

TYPICAL REPAIR COSTS THAT

REGULAR SHELLUBRICATION HELPS YOU AVOID Overhaul Water Pumps..$7.31

Overhaul Transmission.. 52.09

Reline and Adjust Brakes. 16.46

Renew RearWheel Bearing(l) 7.59

eventually buys yourRenew FrontWheel Bearing(l) 6.10 THE person who from you or a used car Averages oi combined labor and material car—whether costs for 5 leading makes of 1939 cars dealer—will want to know its upkeep

history. And if he is like most used car

Costly repairs like these are often caused buyers, he should willingly pay MORE by haphazard lubrication. Why risk such to be sure of getting a car that has never

repairs unnecessarily—when Shellubrication been neglected.

dealers provide you this combination of How can you provide such proof? Many

special safeguards: (1) Trained Shellubricar sellers are finding the answer in their

cation Specialists; (2) Factoryengineered complete files of SHELLUBRICATION

Shell Chek - Charts; (3) A Permanent RECEIPTS. These modern blueprintRecord under the hood; (4) Forgetproof style receipts provide documentary eviFollow-up System; (5) Copyrighted Bluedence of the date and mileage point that

printstyle Shellubrication Receipts every vital part of your car received

Shellubrication.

SHELLUBRICATION RECEIPTS are always mighty handy to have. They

AND WITHOUT EXTRA CHARGEwarn you when lubrication is due. Keep

you posted on the condition of the batYour Shellubrication dealer sees tery and tires. Provide a running record

that your tires and running of upkeep costs.

boards are rubberdressed... upis holstery vacuumed or brushed

...... Holder—With theanynewdealerShellubricationwill give youReceiptone out windows polished

a simple matter to file your chromium shined... body wiped FREE—it's

off... lights and battery checked receipts. And don't forget to show them

... fender bolts tightened and when selling your car; see if they don't

body squeaks eliminated! help you get a betterthan-average deal.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1939

3<x=r

(Build. Cforwiim!

trAh, to buildj to build I x That is the noblest art of All the yx arts!"—Longfellow.

X HILE armies march and cannon roar destruction in otherx W lands, well might America build! Let us help you beautify

or renovize your home now for Christmas holidays... reXX

shingle... redecorate... add new rooms... We are prepared to handle the entire

..XX job for you, with.

Nothing Down Monthly Payments as low as $5.00

SUGAR HOUSE LUMBER & HARDWARE COMPANY

M. O. ASHTON, President HORACE B. RICHARDS, ManagerJL 1164 East 21st South Street—Hyland 555

/"""y HE YEARS which have marked the ascendency of President Heber J. Grant to the leader-

m ship of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, and seen the consequent spread of

+*r his moral and spiritual influence have been the same years which have spanned the development of the western mining industry and the growth of its importance. When President

Grant reached his majority the mines of Utah and its environs were still in their earliest youth.

As he grew in accomplishment in his sphere to shape the destiny and guide the well being of more and more people, the mining industry was growing and assuming its responsibility to conscientiously

care for the temporal welfare of those whose natural resources were placed in its trust. Today,

mellow in years, great in wisdom, President Grant stands symbolic of the spiritual achievement of a great people; and the mining industry of western temporal progress. The mining industry of

Utah and the West is proud to have grown to maturity and constructive greatness with one of the

West's outstanding leaders; and appreciates the friendliness, understanding and cooperation that have

marked its relationship with the Church which he represents.

SILVER KING COALITION MINES COMPANY

J>D)diMamd. dnnwa/iAcuuf Qaajuul, 18971939

Telefacts *—these of for use the monthly Watch7>Hmprooemenffra

statistics of the presentday dramatized "The Glory of God is Intelligence'this issue, of world. (See 659 page

NOVEMBER, 1939 Heber J. Grant, andOctoberpagesissue.608, 636, and 637 of the

Richard L. Evans, The Church and the World CHURCH'THE"THE VOICE OF Editor Managing will that invite department coming A Josephson, C. Marba scientific discovery, to attention books, PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS.OFFICIAL OF THE ORGAN Associate Editor happenings thought, world world and DEPARTASSOCIATIONS,MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT

Morris, General George Mgr. Q. OF COMMITTEE. EDUCATION. WARD MUSICMENT the significance for special that have Associate Cannon, Lucy G. Mgr.TEACHERS. OF AGENCIES OTHER CHURCH AND THE trend the that and Church show how Orton, Business K. Mgr. J. SAINTS.OF CHRIST JESUS LATTERDAY OF

is to closer activity of moving world the Church and its teachings.

JoblsL of* QonbmiA. >The Common Source of

Religious Truth JJvl jdihfiL (paqsL A series of articles by Dr. Milton

R. Hunter, tracing truth through the

Cause for Thanksgiving Heber J. Grant 655 ages from its first divine source through

its corruptions among all people and in all lands.

654 President and Greeting Grant—Portrait To Continue In Time of J. Reuben Clark, Jr. 656 War

SelfConquest Charles A. Callis 658 Editor'sEvidencesPage andby PresidentReconciliations,Grant, BookThe

Caffeine in Cola Drinks John A. Widtsoe 659 Reviews, Poetry, Exploring the UniBrigham Young's Eyes Brigham Young, III 663 verse, Priesthood notes, Church declarations policy, of and statements Trustworthy Evidences and Reconciliations: XVIII—How

of Education, Music, Department is Science? A. Widtsoe 673 John

Genealogy, Humor, Mutual Messages, for Christmas AntiLiquor-Tobacco Music Church Campaign: Puzzles, Crossword Church On, Moves

Asper....646 Services, the the Greeks Break Frank How W. Fiction, Writers, Homing, The

Habit, Emilie Hromatko....644 670 Church Moves On latest to the addition Cook's Corner—inYoung

: to the Priesthood Cigaret 677 Melchizedek Cure How research, in thought, deand Church

677 Habit Aaronic and Ward Teaching..679 in addition to authorvelopment—and Mutual Messages 681 Word of Wisdom Review....679 itative subjects. feature articles on many

Men of Tomorrow J. Edgar Hoover 661 InPresidentthis IssueHeber J. Grant, Pres. J.

YouthTempering Struggle Mark B. Garff 662 Reuben Clark, Jr., Dr. John A.

Who Runs the Business World? Bryant S. Hinckley 664 Widtsoe, J. Edgar Hoover, Charles

Blackfeet Blood C. Frank Steele 668 A. Callis, B. S. Hinckley, Brigham

III, Seegmiller, Young, William W. the Corner, the Greeks Barbara Break Cook's The How Burnett, Barbara Badger C. Frank B. Habit, 675 Burnett 644 Emelie Hromatko

others. B. Garff, and Steele, Mark Universe, the Exploring Frank676 the Book Rack On

lin S. Harris, Jr 649

664 Index to Advertisers 682 Telefact

Cross Red The 683 EXECUTIVE AND EDITORIAL Homing Mother's Night, Cora OFFICES: and Ours 704 674 Page Your M. Silvius:

50 North Main Street, Salt Lake City, Utah jMi&rialA. Copyright 1939. by Mutual Funds, Inc., a CorComment on War...First Presidency 672 porationment Associationof the Youngof the Men'sChurchMutualof JesusImprove'Christ

rights Latterday Saints. reserved. All Subof 672 Widtsoe Sylvester Cannon..John A. Q.

in scription year, price, advance; 20c $2.00 a 672 L....Richard Evans single copy. a Prophet. On Being

Office, Salt at the Entered Lake City, Post

Utah, as secondclass matter. Acceptance for

of at special rate provided mailing postage 1917. for in section October, 1103, ofJjudtion, (pjoribiy, Q/wmwemL (pu$%JbL Act

2, 1918. authorized July 660 is Short Story.William not responsible True Improvement Era The W. Seegmiller Thoroughbred—A

but for unsolicited conmanuscripts, welcomes 665 F. Garrett Story Bula Short Short The Lost Day—A tributions. accompanied be manuscripts must All

II 666 by sufficient postage for delivery and return. Helen Brewster Owens The Cable—Part

I Knew, Marge Frontispiece: Undaunted, N. M. A Novelist

Bennett 653 Stewart 676 NATIONAL ADVERTISING

Man's Greatness, Gail Mathews658 Bird of Prey, Queena D. Miller..682 REPRESENTATIVES

Holiday, Florence H. TownMemory, W. W. Seegmiller....660

689 Francis M. Mayo, Salt Lake City send.669 Poetry Page

President David O. McKay, Scriptural Crossword Puzzle....702 Edward S. Townsend, San Francisco

Mary A. Schaer 671 MEMBER OF THE AUDIT BUREAU OF

CIRCULATIONS JhsL fovstiv Soldier, in the D. near Arlington of the Washington, tomb G, UnknownThe

it here that reproduce should of all stands as a have symbol we we learned—andCemetery A MAGAZINE FOR EVERY

first "lest forget."Armistice, of the anniversary twentyThe we Worldon the War

photographic study is by H. Armstrong Roberts. MEMBER OF THE FAMILY

The same down payment that will put you in possession of any type of house, will put you in possession of a BRICK house.

And if you budget your income and set aside from your monthly check a sum to pay the installments on principal, interest, insurance and will undodgeable spend maintenance—all expenses—you to liveLESS money in the brick house. gives On SEVEN SALIENT BRICK house POINTS—theMORE for your money. you

1—Minimum expense for maintenance and 4—Longer Life.

upkeep. 5—Even temperatures the year round re-

2—Slower depreciation. suiting in definite fuel savings.

3—Higher Resale Value. 6—Attractive appearance at all times.

7—Protection from fire hazard.

Money spent with your architect constitutes a form of insurance on your investment. Architecturally planned homes give lasting satisfaction.

It will pay you to inspect our collection of individually planned houses, designed by local architects particularly for this locality. See it at our office any time.

INTERSTATE BRICK COMPANY 3180 South 11th East—P. O. Box 68—Sugar Station—Telephone: Hyland 630—Salt Lake City, Utah

HOW THE GREEKS

BmjciL ihsL diabiL EAST or WEST—the dcenic wau is (EmilieBy EMELIEHromatko,HROMATKOof Vienna, joined the

Church in Czechoslovakia in 1931. She has

traveled considerably throughout Europe and has seen many curious and interesting things, my journey to Athens, I ONlearned what the Greeks think about smoking-—at

least some of them. In a secondclass compartment of the express

train from Salonika to Athens, two finelooking Greek gentlemen were sitting opposite me. The

one was a young man of about twenty and the other was somewhat older. I was especially fascinated, for each of them held a

string of beads in his hands, similar to those worn by women as necklaces. Both of them seemed

busy manipulating the beads up THE EXPOSITION FLYER and down on the strands.

For a long time I watched them this, a but after while I could do A YEAR 'ROUND THRU TRAIN not curiosity contain and my between CHICAGO and CALIFORNIA finally"Gentlemen,said: pardon my question. Are you praying?"

Thru the Colorado Rockies by daylight. smiled"No,theweolderarepassenger.not praying,""We

DAILY SCHEDULE simplystitute foruse tobacco.these beadsRatheras a thansubWESTWARD EASTWARD to hold a cigaret in my hand, to

*Mon. 12:35 PM Lv. Chicago (CB&Q) Ar. 11:55 AM *Th. put it between my teeth, or to take

Mon. 2:15 PM Lv. St. Louis (CB&Q) Ar. 1:10 PM Th. it out of my mouth, and again to

Mon. 7:30 PM Lv. Kansas City Ar. 7:30 AM Th. have an opportunity to move my

Tu. 8:44 AM Lv. Denver (D&RGW) Ar. 12:55 PM Wed. hands graciously as I did when

Tu. 11:59 PM. Ar. Salt Lake City Lv. 9:30 PM Tu. I smoked, I play my fingers over

10:30 PM...... Wed...... Ar. San Francisco (WP)...... Lv. 9:00 PM Mon. thesedifferentbeads.ways,I firstarrangeone themby one,in for example. shown *Day

For information about schedules, rates: thencan inventtwo byreallytwo, interestingand so on;comone

W. H. GREER, Division Passenger Agent thatbinations.one canInforgetdoinghisthisdesirewe findfor Equitable Bldg., DENVER, COLORADO cigarets and save his lungs and

24 So. Main St. Salt Lake City, Utah Was. 710 stomach from its bad influence.

We have found that one is not so much a slave to the tobacco itself, as to the mechanical actions one acquires while smoking. Thus

we substitute the beads for the RioGraT&e cigaret and slowly overcome our mechanical habits. With it the

taste and desire for tobacco leave as well."BE INDEPENDENT of InbeadsAthensfor saleI sawin thesemany strandsplaces,

No Other Vocation So Profitable but at that time I did not have as great interest in the an smoking ENROLL NOW lines smartest the featuring as problem since joining I have at the Course beauFor a Complete Outstanding, available.

it consider I now tiful. styles from 1000 Over very so, that much select. to the Church.important—so which

Quish School of Beauty Culture CHRISTMAS CARDS that are I do not generally feel inclined to the Best in the West distinctive and personally immake the acquaintance of a gen336-340 S. Main, American Bldg., printed. Priced tleman who is puffing at a cigaret.

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH 50 for - $1.00 As a curiosity, I purchased one

For Further Information 50 for '. $1.95 of these strands to take with me.

.$1.00 - for 25 Call or Catalog in travels Nowhere I dishad my

100) per (And or up to $50.00 7560 Wasatch covered curious a such smoking

This Fill in it substitute. If for the works PEMBROKE Coupon City 24 Lake East Broadway—Salt it will Greeks, no for doubt work

others. MA THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1939

::;:SJS::';:':?::S:HS:?S:i'x':'?;: '!'mmmmmmm

R STOCK

You have a wide choice of easily changed grinding screens in

Ihe practical, common sense way to reduce grindthe No. 10-C Hammer Mill shown above.

ing costs and increase feed value for stock is to invest in McCormickDeering FeedGrinding Equipment.

Two McCormickDeering Hammer Mills are available: the large capacity No. 10 and No. 10 -C for all

grains, hay, and roughages, and the lowerpriced No. 5

for small grains, shelled and ear corn, and dry roughages. The No. 2 Roughage Mill is a dandy, too, for

handling all grains and roughages. Three sizes of feed

grinders with 6, 8, and 10inch grinding plates also available.

You can depend on these machines for excellent work, long life, and low upkeep during all the years they are in use. Ask the International Harvester dealer

for a demonstration. tionLeft, makesabove: itThea standoutNo. 5 Hammerin its Mill.field. ItsRight,simple,above:sturdyTheconstrucNo. 2

International (INCORPORATED)Harvester Company Roughage Mill, popular for doing custom work.

180 North Michigan Avenue Chicago, Illinois

Mccormickdeering HAMMER MILLS ROUGHAGE MILLS FEED GRINDERS

CHRISTMAS MUSIC

FOR CHURCH SERVICES Natural Organ Tone

NOT AMPLIFIED—NOT DISTORTED ByTabernacleDr. FrankOrganistW. Asperand a member of

the General Church Music Committee

npHE two greatest symbols with which we associate Christmas are undoubtedly the spirit of giving so apparent at that time, and the music so characteristic of the season. For many

centuries the most skilled and learned musicians have bent every effort to write their best music on this great subject. Christianity has always nurtured music. In a casual investigation of the nonChristian countries of

today we discover practically no music as we know it. We can truly be thankful, then, for the advent of One who has

been the inspiration for the great art which has been such a comfort to many.

The carol is perhaps the form which is most sung at Christmas. Carols are

usually written in about the same vein as folksongs and are sung at celebrations of many kinds. Many were originally connected with dances and used

on various occasions—for May Day,

Easter, and other Church festivals THE NEW ESTEY ORGAN as well as for Christmas, and we have as origgroups of them coming KEY TWO BOARDS AND PEDAL BASS—With electric action largeinals practically from every Christian operated. motor and

country.

COMPLETE FOR si 290 Almost all of the traditional ones are

SINGLE MANUAL ORGANS FROM $138 UP. vices.good forPrecautionuse in Latterdayshould be taken,Saintshowser-

Special discount to Churches. ever, to see that the words conform to

The quality and variety of tone of this magnificent organ can be comour doctrines, principles, and ideals.

pared only with fine pipe organs very much higher in price. Also many times the words of carols

the is surprising Although of tone volume (adequate for a in written of room seatare the English language it 500 persons) quality, ing reverential of beautiful tone organ is a natural centuries or five four ago and would in character particularly suitable services. for church and

not be clear to the average person.

MAY WE DEMONSTRATE FOR YOU? Carols should be used in which the

meaning is easily conveyed. There

should be no guess work on the part of the listeners as to the thought that is being expressed. 71/luUc jbaunes &./'SUCCESSORS To\, Co Many inquiries have been made of this

office as 4.1t/ auuinQHIITU whinMAIM \C0NS0UDBTEDV DhYnesbeebe MUSICmusic co./CO.FSALT LAKE CITY

time. Christmas to appropriateWe have musicmany finefor

Christmas selections in the books whichL J are recommended by the General

Church Music Committee. In the greencovered Latterday Saint Hymns the

following may be used:

Page 241—Glory Be to God—Stephens.

the Touching Sweet and 260—Sing value The greatest ever PageStory—Careless. offered size in a full Awake, roPage With SPEEI>-0-PRraiT 304—Mortals tary stencil duplicator Join—Rippon. Angels

PageBethlehem—Beesley.346—When Christ Was Born in

$34 50 PageIn the28—ADeseretStrangerSundayStar SchoolO'er BethlehemSongs—Parry. AUTOMATIC Page 81—Far, Far Away on Judea's Plains FEED—MacFarlane. Page 101—Christmas Carol. Page 174—Christmas Cradle Song (Duet)—Ballantyne. UTAHIDAHO SCHOOL SUPPLY GO. Page 214—Luther's Cradle Hymn (Duet) "Everything School"for Office and 155 South State Street Salt Lake City, Utah—Gabriel.

(Concluded on page 687) THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1939

COLDER WEATHER COM/N'

.WOWS*3"""

For thrifty motoring your car should be completely "WINTERIZED"now!

In one convenient visit to your neighbor11 POINT "WINTERIZING"SERVICE hood Pep 88—Vico station, you can have

your car properly prepared for the stren- 1. RADIATOR flushed 7. BATTERY tested

uous winter months ahead. It will pay and supplied with and recharged or

antifreeze. replaced with a

you to have it done now. one if necesnew inspectBELT 2. FAN sary.

if replaced ed—

Our 12point "winterizing"service takes necessary. 8. DIFFERENTIAL

flushed and refilled care of everything, so your car will be 3. HOSE CONNECwith correct lubriTIONS checked and cant for protection

ready for anything. Just drive in where tightened to avoid to gears.

you see this familiar sign of service... loss of antifreeze. 9. GASOLINE special-

4. OIL FILTER changly climate - controled i f necessary. led for quick startShould be done afing. Pep 88 is the

ter 8,000 to 10.000 answer.

miles. 10. TIRES replaced if

5. CRANE CASE present ones are

flushed and refilled worn out.

with correct grade 11. SPARK PLUGS testof winter Vico. ed, gauged to in-

6. TRANSMISSION sure smooth firing.

drained and refilled 12. SPECIALIZED LUwith correct lubriBRICATION of the

cant for easy gear chassis. Not just Utah Oil Service Stations

EVERYWHERE IN UTAH & IDAHO shifting. a grease job.

THE IMPROVEMENT E R A, N O VEM B E R, 1 93 9

wg

Good Electric Service Doesn't Just Happen

A snap of the switch—and you have efficient light, heat

or power. Simple, isn't it? But good electric service doesn't

just happen. For 27 years we have been developing our

service to you—27 years of constant improvement and of

reductions in electric rates. Behind the meter is the conscientious

effort of hundreds of employes. Each is trained in his or her

own department. All devote their lives to the job of delivering

the finest electric service to you. GOOD SERVICE DOESN'T

JUST HAPPEN. It comes from many years of continuous development, continuous responsibility—and a sincere desire to

serve..

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1939

EXPLORING THE

UNIVERSE By FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR.

Dharaoh Shishak of the Egyptian twentysecond dynasty plundered

Solomon's Temple in Jerusalem and carried off the gold and silver to Egypt.

Now a French professor has found

Shishak's undisturbed tomb containing a gold mask of the king and coffins of silver and gold, part of which may have come from melted and reshaped

Jewish treasures.

7V new deepsea camera which takes ** pictures two miles down has been developed by Professor E. N. Harvey

of Princeton. Automatically operated,

a light flashes out of one window of the box and the pictures are taken through another window, each strongenough to resist the pressure of two RIDE THE BURLINGTON tons to the square inch.

A nother synthetic resin fiber was re- ** ported at the American Chemical

Society meetings in Boston. Made outof salt, coal, lime, and air, this polyZefiht/rJresin producedvinyl acetal can be in On your next trip East, ride one of these dieselsilk, virtually as naturalfibers as fine

as strong, more elastic, waterproof, and powered, stainless steel wonder trains. You'll

fireproof. thrill to their effortless speed and enjoy the com-

+ fort and luxury of their smart accommodations.

TLTydrogen Fluoride, deadly, glass- * * eating, has an important new role. Burlington Zephyrs ply daily on fast schedules

It it can serve found that has been as between Denver and Chicago, Chicago and St.

for catalyst superior or "promoter"a many vital organic chemical reactions PaulMinneapolis, Kansas City and St. Louis, and

to bring about new reactions for proFort WorthDallas and Houston.

ducing new synthetic dyes and other chemicals. Remember, too, that the luxurious Exposition

Flyer between Utah and Chicago is Burlington acts as a front line skin'"Phe fortifieast of Denver. Leave Salt Lake City 9:30 any

invasion. bacterial against A cation

At an international congress of micronight, arrive Chicago 11:55 second morning.

biologists an arm was swabbed with a broth containing millions of germs; then Let us help with your travel plans

intervalsat cultures taken off were BUREAU TRAVEL the BURLINGTON to see would if germsarm and tested J. H. Gregory, General Agentgrow from them. No growable bacteria could be recovered after the skin 218 Ke arris Bldg. Wasatch 1899

had naturally dried ( about 4 minutes ) America's First DieselPowered

Only tough, resistant, resting spore Streamline Train was a Zephyr stages of some types of bacteria wereable to survive the skin ordeal. UH

TD Y crossing a resistant strain with a -*-* one, nonresistant productive but AMERICA'S FINEST OVERALL backcrossing the hybrid offspringthen with one of its parent stocks, a new SINCE 1853 wheat will be available for growers in 1943. The wheat is already resistant

to both bunt and Hessian fly. THERE'S A REASON—> LEVI'S

'VJLThat is the ancestor of corn? ReThey all wear LEVI'S!

""cent study has found that teosinte, a heavystalked Mexican grass, is more vicelikely than corn descended from PAIR FREE A NEW is the LEVI STRAUSS.versa. as suggested corn Pod IF RIP THEY

possible ancestor. each has corn This

husk.kernel covered by an individual

(Concluded 651) scratch CONCEALED COPPER RIVETS ON BACK POCKETS on page

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1939

Improved Business Conditions

HE Intermountain area is enjoying good business. Nearly every industry, including

the important mining, smelting, agriculture and livestock activities, report improved conditions.

Right in the middle of the Salt Lake market area is the world's largest smelting center for nonferrous metals. Silver, copper, lead

and zinc, with ascending prices, are keeping mines busy, furnaces hot, payrolls growing—and merchants happy.

Smelting, however, is just one of the diversified activities that yield an average of $673,345,243 in new wealth each year in this territory. The three quarters of a million people who live in this area comprise a responsive, ableto-buy market that's unique in all

America.

For eighty years this bank has taken an active part in the commercial and industrial

RESOURCES MORE THAN activities of this territory.

THIRTY MILLION DOLLARS

WALKER BANK & TRUST COMPANY Salt Lake City

MEMBER FEDERAL RESERVE SYSTEM, FEDERAL DEPOSIT INSURANCE CORPORATION

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1939

Exploring the Universe (Concluded from page 649) A new Italian contribution to medical* science is the ability to petrify human organs so that they look like pieces of colored marble. Diseased organs

can be hardened to make study easier;

then made soft again for study under the microscope.

joint disease, rheuma-"Phe chronic arthritis, A toid to occur seems and Jhonc yjoWL &CoxjoL oftenerflareup than chance would inQjnd&psmdswL (D&ohA. grief, family poverty,dicate in and

of the enother stressesworry, and to By any yardstick with which youvironment. study is needed Further

verify the relation of emotional factors measure value in the cause of this disease.

4 He Serves You Best!

for preventing 7V suggestion new it be what No matter you buy—whether*"* is to coat tooth decay for modernizing your home the teeth hardware

decalcito prevent the lacquerwith a goods—housewares tools—sporting stagnant in the of acid actionfying electric radio—an machine—a—agardenwashingsaliva. or the simplest supplies refrigerator—farm4

/Geologists estimate that due to the household hardware.

-* tilting of the Scandinavian peninYour local independent retailer can supply sula, in another one hundred centuries you with dependable merchandise at prices drained Baltic of waterthe will be Sea comparable with ANY OTHER SOURCE OF with united dry land byand Sweden considered.Finland and Estonia. In the south of SUPPLY—quality

however, and in Denmark,Sweden the PLUS sinking into the sea.land is steadily

Further evidence of change is that the Friendly, courteous, personal service that

Thames river bed ( England ) of several adds so much "plus value"to your purthousand years ago has been discovered chase. He is not only a heavy taxpayer,

buried underground sixty feet below but he also supports with his time and his present sealevel. dollars all worthy local community affairs.

reYour individual salmon commonlyHPhe it and of your in the * turns localbusiness—seeindependent thatretailerhe isgetsdeserving same river to spawn

and the same tributary of that river in you will be rendering a lasting service to which it passed its early life, and this your community that will come back to you even after several years spent in the many fold.

ocean, and after migration to points which may be hundreds of miles distant.

How the salmon is able to do this is as much a mystery as the life histories ofthe American and European species of cflardwareGo, freshwater eel. The mature eels after "Organized to efficiently serve the independent

a life of many years in the fresh water retailer."

streams of America and Europe return WHOLESALE EXCLUSIVELY to spawn in the region of their nativityin the western Atlantic, in many cases—BOISE GRAND JUNCTION

after a journey of several thousand miles. The young of these two species,

with no parental coaching, except what is conveyed through the genes, reach in time their own proper shores of the

Atlantic and ascend their home rivers. r

4 There are many who suffer loss

Tf a Venus fly trap is cheated two or

it timesA three "fly"a faked with Be prudent in catch. toceases time a short Yet

this plant "forgets"and may be fooled Avert it by again.

INSURANCEVW'ith haddock, cod, and some other fish, ratio age growth and "can This organization writes insurance always of the highest quality.

scales, the found which,be from when examined under the microscope, show ridges similarconcentric to the rings UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE CO.

tree. of a a crosssectionon The

spacing of the rings tells the ages of HEBER ]. GRANT & CO., General Agents, Salt Lake City, Utah

the fish.

Mural in the Union Pacific Depot, Salt

Lake City, showing the driving of the golden spike at Promontory, Utah, in 1869, which marked the beginning of transcontinental railroad service in the

United States.

/THE welfare of the Mormon people and that of

*=*- the Union Pacific Railroad have been linked for many years with a fine spirit of deep understanding and cooperation. All members of the Union

Pacific family unite with me in expressing to you and

your beloved leader, President Heber J. Grant, our

sincere appreciation of this splendid friendship.

President.

UNION PACIFIC RAILROAD

OMAHA, NEBRASKA

Mural in the Union Pacific Depot in

Salt Lake City depicting the conquest of the inland West by Brigham

Young and the Mormon people.

WndcuwJbjcL M-Vi DREAMS ARE LEAVES THAT FALL RELUCTANTLY:

BRIGHT LEAVES, FROSTNIPPED BY MANY CHILL NOVEMBERS.

BURNED LEAVES AND BURNING, YET I EVER SEE

INCENSE IN SMOKE AND LIVING SPARKS IN EMBERS!

By N. M.

BENNETT

Photo by Lionel Greeru dtjJjQh,. IjAant(pMAidwt

American Photo News. Inc.

TJ hree November anniversaries give us opportunity to present this latest portrait of

President Grant—November 22nd being the eightythird anniversary of his birth; November

23rd being the twentyfirst anniversary of his Presidency over the Church; and the month of

November being the fortysecond anniversary of the magazine of which he was the founder and of which he is editor.

Loved, trusted, and esteemed by those who share his religious beliefs and by those who do not, the vigor of his mind and the freshness of his spirit keep him forever young, forever eagerly facing the challenging issues that come with the quickly passing days of life.

We have known him as counselor, friend, and leader, and for him, and for ourselves, we ask for prolongment of his years.

=\ThB EDITOR'S PHGE=—

By PRESIDENT HEBER J. GRANT

An expression of gratitude, testimony, and bless- ** ing from the closing general conference remarks in the tabernacle, salt lake clty, sunDAY, October 8, 1939

have rejoiced exceedingly in the rich outpouring this Gospel; there is nothing else to compare with it.

of the Spirit of the Lord in our meetings of this I rejoice in my acquaintance with Brigham Young

I conference. I am very grateful for the address of as a child and later as a man. He loved little children

the First Presidency that I had the privilege of reading dearly as did my father, from what everyone tells me.

here at the beginning of the conference. (See "ComFather made the remark that he did not believe anyone

ment on War,"page 672. ) I am very grateful for the loved little children more than did he....

remarkable and wonderful talks of President Clark and I rejoice in our wonderful choir. I rejoice in the

President McKay, and I am grateful for all the other fine management of this choir and our fine organists.

fine addresses that we have had. I rejoice in our having such fine groups of singers in

Year after year it has seemed to me that each conferdifferent parts of the Church that we can bring here to ence we have had has been almost superior, at least fully sing for us. I do not think there is another people in

the equal, of any that have gone before, and each year the world of the same number that can begin to compare

I have wondered if we would reach the same heights of with our people as congregational singers. I do not

inspiration and blessings of the Lord in our conference, think we can find them anywhere else....

and I feel that we have not been lacking in this great I rejoice in the splendid work that has been done.

conference. In my judgment the Lord has seen fit to I feel a debt of gratitude to our singers. I feel a debt of

pour out His Spirit in great abundance upon us in these gratitude to Evan Stephens, George Careless, to Ebentimes. ezer Beesley, Brother Joseph Daynes, and others who

I am truly grateful for the safe arrival of our missionhave given us the beautiful music that we have. I am

aries from Europe. Nearly all of them are here now. grateful to them. These selections lift us up, and they

I am very grateful indeed for every blessing that the build us up. The Lord says that the song of the

is righteous unto a prayer these I love Him, to hear and people. has seen fit to bestow His Lord upon We have

I beautiful prayers. I tired get never of them. want in that blessed people from been a the day we arrived

this section of the country. The Lord led the people you to know that I am sure I sing or repeat this song

here under the inspiration of Brigham Young, and the to myself ("God Moves in a Mysterious Way") by

Lord has blessed the individual management of the playing with one finger on the piano four or five times a various presidents of this Church from the days of week regularly, and I never hear it, I never sing it, and

Brigham Young until now. The reason that the Lord I never read it that I do not thank God for the splendid

has blessed us is that we as a people have tried to words. There is nothing truer than the last verse:

carry out the advice, counsel, and plans of the Prophet Blind unbelief is sure to err,

Joseph Smith. In no one thing did Brigham Young And scan His work in vain;

attempt to claim in the organization that was set up God is His own interpreter, and the plans that were made that he was doing anyAnd He will make it plain.

thing more than building up the foundation laid by the

Prophet Joseph Smith, under the inspiration of the Lord. God predicted things through the Prophet Joseph

When we stop to think of the marvelous work that Smith that have been fulfilled. He said that "the Saints

the Prophet Joseph did, sometimes I wonder how any should continue to suffer much affliction and would be man of intelligence can look into the life of that man, driven to the Rocky Mountains. Many would aposcan know of his imprisonment, of the drivings, of the tatize, others would be put to death by our persecutors

persecutions, of the tarring and feathering, of the senor lose their lives in consequence of exposure or disease, tence of death having been passed upon him, and then and some would go to assist in making settlements and read the wonderful things that we have in the Doctrine building cities and see the Saints become a mighty peoand Covenants—I cannot understand how any reasonple in the midst of the Rocky Mountains."

able man can fail to acknowledge the inspiration of the Are we a mighty people? We are. Six thousand

Lord in his accomplishments. eight hundred men holding the Priesthood were in this

I cannot understand how any intelligent man could building last night. No other people in the world like

think that any man without the help of the Lord could us; no other people with the power that we have here,

have produced the Book of Mormon which has been because we are following a prophet of the living God, before us now for more than a hundred years and has the man whom God chose to organize this Church, and stood the test during all that period of time, notwithwhom He visited, and to whom He introduced His bestanding the ridicule that has been brought against it, loved Son.

for one reason and then another. Today that book, I have met hundreds of men who have said: "If it

which was translated by Joseph Smith as the instruwere not for Joseph Smith I could accept your religion."

mentality of the Lord, stands out supreme. It is today Any man who does not believe in Joseph Smith as a

the greatest missionary that we have for proclaiming prophet of the true and the (Concluded on page 685)

9ti TIME OF has now broken out. Most of the sanctities WAR WARthai were used by the one side or the other By PRESIDENT J. REUBEN CLARK, JR.

to hallow the again forth coming World War are to this hallow then; false were they Of the First Presidency of the Church, and former one. Many

are false now. We should not be disturbed, misled, United States UnderSecretary of State, and former

or blinded at each by any Look of them. of them United States Ambassador to Mexico squarely; will wilt gaze. most under of them your

speak today as an American citisacred in our Church and in the nafall to shall these asleep If we to statement, be tion. proved which THIS

shall dangers, day awaken some we of the the adkeynote for manyI inzenDeity,who believesthat Godasinspiredhe believesthe framing of our Constitution and the dresses of the 110th SemiAnnual to find ourselves their slavish vicof (see the Conference Church also tims. We people acute with pages came 670 and 672) are a mere settingthereunder—anup of our formAmericanof governmentcitizen handful—ahere inmicroscopicthe valleys for generatimeliness from a one whowho believes that the preservation of tion has been close professionally minority—and yet if we shall, with

this government under our Constiand by association with international completely united hearts and hands, tution as it now stands is necessary law, international diplomacy, and put on an armor of righteousness and present We its sanethat liberty and free political and reliitinternationalhere with themorality.hope that and do battle for righteousness, we shall

gious institutions may not disappear steadying influence will be felt far be the means under God's care and from the earth. beyond the pages of this publication. guidance of helping finally to serve

This is a Christian nation. Before and save the world.

the Revolution it was so in accord Nothing is more unrighteous, more with law; since the Revolution it has unholy, more unGodly than manto set tians designed support a cause declared his felslaughter ofremained mass so in the people fact. We or nonChristian pagan states It cause. for full up an unrighteous States lowmanof the United guarantee

religious freedom to all within our elsewhere in the world. Our duty, has brought down the wrath of the

jurisdiction, whether they be nondivinely imposed, is clear on this. Almighty in all times. God will visit

Christian or pagan. But the nation Furthermore, for more than a hunHis vengeance upon all who bring

itself is a Christian nation. Our dred years this Church has declared it. The law declared at Sinai was

standards and principles are Christhis principle of government, which "Thou shalt not kill,"and in the tian. Other creeds we protect, that is based upon divine commands and Garden of Gethsemane: "All they

all may be free. These facts must the revelations of God's will, that take the sword shall perish by

never be lost sight of. namely: the sword."With these divine comin our spirdeep-embodied mands inthat governments were We believe Conditions of Freedom stituted for the benefit of man; and itual consciousness, of God look with we can

for that accountable holds he men sin us degree of allowance the of upon their no factjpOR canthe Church this in relation both in acts to them, making to of unholy war, and a war make not challenged, be for the Lord the for them, administering good laws and has declared in modern revelation: and safety of society. conquest or to keep conquest already

that is believe can government no a war. such made We is this Behold, land, choice a and whatin are exist laws peace, framed except such

it shallsoever nation shall possess free be will to each secure inviolate as held and Repeated Warningsfrom captivity, bondage, from and and of conscience, exercise free the individual all nations otherfrom under they heaven, the property, of right control the and and since almost opportunity every Atwill is but the land, serve of the God whoif life. of Covenants protection ( Doctrine and

I in Christ,Jesus hath manifested called been to a place by who was 134:1-2.)the written. things (Ether have which we First exthe Presidency I have

2:12.) Thus we can stand for no cause pressed grave apprehensions as to

The penalty of disobedience to and can support no state fostering the course which the whole world, these principles has been declared to a cause that would seek to compel including our own nation, was folbe that the people shall: the consciences of men, that would lowing. Two and a half years ago

be swept off when the fulness of His wrath set up the state as deity, that would (April Conference, 1937), I drew should come upon them. destroy private property, that bulparticular attention to the prospect

I hadand that: wark of a peaceful, stable, ordered of war and gave the best view

society, indeed, of civilization itself, as to the eventualities which then fulness of His wrath cometh The upon I that would likely to follow that make men slaves war. of the seemed

in iniquity.them they are ripened when

of all safety, state to the destruction afterthe dwelt particularly upon (Ether 2:8, 9.)

due protection of life and limb, and math of chaos which it seemed reaThese principles have been reall individual liberty that would blot sonably certain might come if the peatedly declared. out the Christian home. war dragged along over weary years.

A Duty Divinely Imposed Danger of Conspiracy theLastintensiveOctoberpropagandaI called attentionto whichto

HP'hus we of America can stand for All these things are fundamental we were subjected—the most inno cause which would dethrone to this people and to this nation. tense peacetime propaganda of all

Christianity here and put in its place Again I warn that there are amongst time—and warned that at best it

any other creed, whether nonChris- us evil influences plotting and concolored truth and at worst it falsified tian or pagan: nor can we as Chrisspiring to destroy all that we hold it.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1939

I should like by reference to inPerhaps in the present world conTwenty Years Ago

I partition of Poland dition a all that renewed is said include what now that, is issue twenty the very HThis could likely as tragedy a as seemed the in the same past said onhave sent our alleged years ago, we we of the sentiment to arouse found bematters.

settle. to to Europe America young should against those the world who out. Most broken has now fighting there gave which War our It was historically that unhappy divide

sanctities by that used wereof the AssociAllied Principal and to the country.

to hallow other side or thethe one their got victory. ated Powers We

again coming arethe World War this one.forth to hallow Many were The Rule of Force willnothingof everyone—ofout of the conflictour foesbutbecausethe illfalse then; they are false now. We /\bviously, as a matter of logic, they were our foes, and of each of

should not be disturbed, misled, or if conquest can give a good title our allies because of our unbounded blinded by any of them. Look at to territory, then conquest is a legitigenerosity, and our naive, unsophiseach of them squarely; most of them mate means of getting good title to ticated unselfishness at Versailles.

will wilt under your gaze. There territory. This is the unholy rule of But we did not then settle the issue.

are always deceit, lying, subterfuge, force, the unholy rule that "might It has risen again. We would not

treachery, and savagery in war, on makes right."settle it now by joining in this conin the sides.both There were World questions is those of one flict. This lain berule that has is the This It is other the not alwaysWar. settled only by the can be which that has great empire every hind atrocities. that commitspower themselves. themselves parties by built the whole during ever been

j The Real Issue Sympathy Divided

T shall speak plainly today, for '"There are in the Church tens of where the issue is war with its thousands of faithful members, horrors or peace with its blessings, and in the nation millions of loyal it is best that blunt speech be used. citizens, whose choice would be, beWhat I shall say will be directed cause of their German ancestry, that

primarily to the international situGermany should become the domiation. nant power of Europe, perhaps of

the world. For them German art,

aside all the Throwing science, arguments, literature, music—perhaps pretentions, protestations, excuses, has produced the world the greatest

and propaganda under which the real—is part of the warp and woof of

causes of the present conflict have their lives and of the lives of their been deeply buried, and stripping off ancestors. All the tender threads

right down to the bare bones all the of memory and tradition lead them falsehoods that have hidden the acback to the homeland. The German

tual situation, it seems clear that the people are and have been a great issues of the present conflict, reduced and good people.

to their lowest terms, are these: history of the world; it lies behind There are perhaps more tens of

Germany said to Poland, "Give every great empire that exists today. thousands of faithful members in the

me what you took from me at the There is nothing new in the doctrine, Church, and more millions of loyal end of the World War."Poland, neither in the practice. citizens in the nation who, because

backed by Britain and France, said, Under such a rule, war is and of our British ancestry, would prefer 'No."Germany made war on must always be the instrument of that Great Britain should retain the

Poland. Treatybound thereto, Britthe growth of empire. Under such dominance she has held for generaain and France declared war on a rule nations rise and fall, as might tions. As much of mine as of any

Germany. advances or wanes. Britisher today are Chaucer and

Littleton, Coke, are Shakespeare, similar demands under However, in rule, safety em- a such Under and Charta are Bacon, Magna and past, posin has the near Germany to which pire the only power comes liberty principles and of great the of herself only sessed not what she is resources. in arms and dominant which local selfgovernment of we

first large areas of but demanded, force, of rule "might of such a But and so much have of made America mistrusting addition. in Apparently is It is right,"Satanborn. makes the are peculiarly These our own. leaders, the of the German word of not God. the from heritages have which we fearful Britain seemed France and joint enjoyin the motherland, and of congreat empire Obviously no made. be further would demands us, coheirs with as which, of ment quietly comquest and sleep can in the mind hunhad haveThey may

all naraces, creeds, and make we if the havenots nights fortably of miles of of square thousands dreds shores. to tionalities our coming terof in forth search more swagger millions territory of the peoof and

is of the Britain one been and has it. fight for willing to ritory are and ple from Gertook conquest they by

all of people greatest nations and in its in at declarations the of the and end Both War; many World

time. in its recollected also joinders present the Euthey have war may purAfrica underlying for its sole in northern conquests has rope French the Must See Both Sides of British the establishment conquests the secure from pose and

Boers in South Africa. And perpower or powers that, by sheer suAs the first love Germany, so we

haps we might remember that the premacy in arms, shall dominate love Britain. But each group

ground on which we stand was Europe, and perhaps the world. of us must see and understand the

taken from Mexico in 1 848, by force This is not a righteous cause of war, view and feelings of the other.

of arms. and unrighteous war is unholy. {Continued on page 693)

Selfconquest

By CHARLES A. CALLIS

Of the Council of the Twelve

"(x/A&tL thsL fight JbsujinA.

iviihirL AwiAaltf, jcl mcwL iv&dlv ADjmjdPdnqljojdL AtonpA ovu/l him. it

leTDtN K.WlTH—

TheandGospelforbearanceteachesfromselfdenialgratify- heselfrestraintwill work harderand selfmasteryin the spirit ofto ToAndthethatnextshallabstinence;lend a kindthe nextof easinessmore easy;

ing ones own wrong desires. secure the soulsatisfying benefits For nature,use can almost change the stamp of

Better is it to go to heaven through that will surely come to him as he And either master the devil, or throw him much selfdenial than to wreck a gets sovereign power over himself. out with wondrous potency.

life in selfin- of a coursehuman large In a are creators the way we repentance a means change Truedulgence. of the character of the environment of involving thrusting the heart of call ring the scriptures with The in live which and move. our we By the personality wholeheart- whole will thatto repentance the men move life, dayby-day the nature of by freefor edly into the the struggle leaf turnto over "put on a and new our ourselves deeds reward unto we that selfcommand. from comes domthe In overcoming and man."new evil. or is self good man's own A elderly writer an man The knew oppressive besettingconquering and to the prime of cause him of many

fight to oppressive habits it had is essential habits, whosinful absolutely his miseries joys. or

to success that conscientious and that had mastered him for years.

daily selfexamination be faithfully By persevering in selfmastery a Due to spiritual selfneglect he had practiced. man's power of resistance and selflost that quietness of conscience

The Savior is a very present help conquest strengthens and grows which is above all earthly honors.

in time of need, and all men need from day to day. Voluntarily this brother resolved

Him every hour. Applying His The reward of continued and deto renounce the works of the flesh.

word and spirit to their lives, fortitermined selfrestraint is masterfully Into the fabric of his life he wove the fied and qualified with faith and repictured by Shakespeare. Listen to teachings of Jesus Christ. These

pentance, mortals can win effectual him: precepts had long lain dormant in

purification from sin. Confess yourself to heaven; this man's life: they had almost

One secret act of selfdenial is Repent what's past; avoid what is to come; faded away.

worth all the flourish of trumpets, Refrain tonight, With the strength that comes from highsounding resolutions, and the exercise of moral courage he swelling words in which some people waged an unceasing battle and his indulge. Wordy resolutions have MAN'S GREATNESS struggles were not in vain.

but little power and meaning behind By Gail Mathews In the abiding power of the Salike "clouds are muchthem. They vior, faith, sustained a he by won

is the man Greatwithout without water wind and silent glorious victory but himover believes in God, Whorain."Boasting intended of self. a wonderful worked temptation, God repentAvoids

ance destroys the will to repent. The Obeys the laws of the land, change in the heart of this repentant

his heart, in love Has secretinward, the repentance of soul to himself. had come The who soul, Sincerity in his victory bringsheart over a silent into turned man, another Lord him faith his in work. is Andself. that counts repentance The like will a views, stand with the golden grain He new feelings, new man

filled stands with heads,to "break off thy sins by righteousThat aspirations. revived he and When

harvester. the Awaitingness."died he was loved and admired by his in humbleness. head He will bow

In order for a man successfully to With a prayer in his heart, many friends who had joyfully beovercome a bad habit he must have He will stand, held him emerge from the conflict, in mind an objective, for example, Clean, pure, and free from all evil, blessed with manliness of soul and the improvement and betterment of WhoPreparedwill tosay,meet his Maker, crowned with the reward that folhis mind and body. In this manner "Well done, my humble servant."lows selfconquest.

enters the human body it produces at first a feeling of stimulation, followed by a period of depression,CAFFEINE relief from which is sought by the use of more caffeine. It is therefore habitforming. The power

of the will is weakened. It deceives the user into

off, he is that belief the he is better when in fact DR. A. By WIDTSOE JOHN worse for an increasingly foundation laying the the the Twelve Council of Of condition. The constant taking of even small doses

Ts there caffeine in cola drinks? Many of our of a poisonous drug has cumulative effects, and

readers have asked this question. Therefore, this leads eventually to disease.

reply is made. Caffeine acts directly upon the brain. DrowsiIn recent years, upwards of seventy brands of ness is banished. Impressions come more rapidly,

cola drinks have appeared on the American market. so that connected thought becomes more difficult.

An almost unparalleled advertising campaign has Insomnia, irritability, loss of memory, high bloodurged the use of these drinks upon the public. pressure, headaches, and other nervous disorders

These beverages invariably exert a stimulating usually follow the extended use of caffeine drinks.

effect upon the body and leave a desire for more. The heart, the muscles, and the circulatory system

They are habitforming. This has made observers are likewise affected unfavorably by caffeine. The

of the Word of Wisdom question the propriety of irritation or injurious stimulation of the kidneys is using cola drinks. a major evil of caffeine. Injury to eyes, ears, and

Nearly all the cola drinks on the market have the various glands from the caffeine habit has been been analyzed by public and private ajgencies. reported. Indigestion and loss of appetite are

Moreover, the manufacturers have been willing, in often found among drinkers of caffeine beverages.

the main, to declare the composition of their cola Caffeine poisoning is a malady of frequent ocproducts. There need be, therefore, no secrecy currence.

about the nature of most of the ingredients of cola It is conceded by all informed and rightminded beverages. people, that while caffeine is injurious at any period

All authorities agree that cola drinks are soluof life, it is especially dangerous when used by of attempts some unscrupulous people. The in of sugar tions of a six young one ounce sugar—about beversuch cola drinks to include of manufacturers is this solution bottle of the drink. added ounce To

a mixture, of secret formula, for coloring and ages in school lunches and for Boy Scout outings, to Likewise, condemnation. receive public should coloring subthe usually being flavoring—caramel of chilin the home, within reach drinks keep such other tannic, acid stance, or some and phosphoric,

frequently used among the flavoring substances. dren, is a dangerous practice. Certainly, they

Then, there is added a quantity of the drug, should not be used in ward, stake, or other Church caffeine, the active substance in coffee and tea. socials.

Finally, the mixture is carbonated. It would be well if, by law if necessary, the

These drinks appear on the market in two forms composition of cola drinks, especially the caffeine in bottles, or as syrups mixed with carbonated content, were shown on the bottle or other conwater at the sodafountain counter. tainers. Such law exists in some states. Since the

A six or eight ounce bottle of a cola drink, sale of coffee and tea is not prohibited, naturally according to the analyses at hand, most of them the sale of cola drinks is not illegal, therefore the very recent, contains ordinarily from onefourth approval of U. S. Government bureaus or other

to onethird (sometimes more) as much caffeine pure food agencies merely means that the bevas is found in a cup of homebrewed coffee. At the erages do not contain excessive quantities of

soda water fountain, the strength of the mixture caffeine.

depends on the quantity of syrup added to the The following cola drinks are specifically menglass of water. tioned by the sources below listed, as containing

It is held by several authorities that pure caffeine, caffeine: Braser, BromoKola, Shero, CleoCola,

as used in cola drinks, is more active, unit for unit, CocaCola, Dandy Cola, D. C. Cola, Double Cola,

than that occurring naturally in the coffee bean. Dr. Pepper, LaVida Cola, Lime Cola concentrate,

This is because, in the bean, caffeine is held in assoPar-T-Pak Cola, PepsiCola, Royal Crown (R-C) ciation with other substances, thus lessening its Cola, Western Cola, Wynola.

physiological effect. Therefore, while bottled cola The above statements are based essentially upon

drinks, judged by their caffeine content, may be published or private information supplied by the looked upon as weak coffee, they are probably of U. S. Department of Agriculture, the Utah State

equal physiological potency with the usual coffee Board of Agriculture, the State Agricultural Exbrew. periment Stations of Alabama and Connecticut,

Cola drinks contain the drug, caffeine. For the State Chemical Laboratories of North Dakota

that reason, every argument used against coffee and South Dakota, the State Department of Health and tea, and some other arguments, may be used of Kentucky, the American Medical Association, against cola drinks, and all other beverages conThe Consumers'Digest, the Consumers'Research, taining caffeine, even in small amounts. They are and Fortune.

determined habit formers, and may lead to the Further information on the subject may be obcoffee and tea habit. They injure human health. tained from the agencies mentioned above, your

Caffeine is a drug, an alkaloid, related to some of state Board of Health, your physician, and from the most violent poisons. In fact, an excessive dose almost any magazine or book dealing with the

of caffeine would cause death. When caffeine subject.

Thoroughbred

By WILLIAM W.

SEEGMILLER

father led a threeyear-old up to me and said: "Here is your thoroughbred."

I looked him over. He had a keen,

full eye; there seemed to be not an

ounce of extra flesh on his head. His

nose was cut away from his eye, to leave it almost standing out. His

nostril was so large that when it was extended I could put my fist in it. His jaws were clean with no

excess flesh, and his throatlatch was cut clear to the end of his jaws.

His forehead was wide and fairly full but not bulged. His ear was

cut clean and denoted an alertness and sensitiveness that comes only to a horse of high breeding. His neck,

beginning at the narrow throatlatch, gradually increased in breadth until it seemed that it was as wide as his sands of wild horses ranged on the chest at the forks of his forelegs.

MEMORY plains of this semiarid section of His withers sloped gradually back northern Arizona and southern and his hips were connected with the

I* desert sunset A saw Utah. the of interesting most One loin of his closely that back so they

* Riding low cloud, upon a stories that that of any boy day almost with connected the withers, the desert looked And so lonely, could related hear of the muswas so that I placed when saddle on my in Dressed hallowed evening shroud.

tang the range. by cowboys who rode his entirely him back covered. was

I in bowed reverence head my tales all of roping These of horses his depth of chest The was re- I knelt in silent As prayer, colors sizes allcreated and an It in me markable. indicated breathing the But desert heard and answered;

"Surely, God is everywhere."consuming desire to be the owner of power, endurance, and strength. His

of these desert one mustangs. forelegs began large forearm, with a

I raised Then eyes in wonder my just I knew what kind of horse I not of type, the knotty but the the sun As shone through mist, the

And the desert looked so happy wanted and what his color and build muscles flowed gently to the knee so

That my soul could not resist. should be. I had seen some of them, that they were long and athletic.

and I pleaded with my father to The knee was large and firm and So I prayed aloud with fervor

To the God of beauty rare, secure a yellow mustang for me. I strong. Beneath it was a leg which,

And I thanked Him for my birthplace wanted him to be yellow with four from the knee to the ankle, seemed

In the desert—Williamover there.W. Seegmiller whiteeye, andlegs,witha whitea blackface,stripeand a downglass tosinew.be nothingThe butboneskinwasandflat.bone Theand

the length of his back, and black cords between looked like great telerings around the upper parts of his graph wires.

legs to which the white extended. The ankle was strong but clean-

I to made wants It cut known neat. my and sloped When to gently part of the hat state of X father said: he my that the this hoof time so T every horseArizona the bounded by Colorado his don't put you foot such want there "Why, any forward an wasRiver the south on east, and the and that. elasticity, horse as spring that that look at a Just preserved

lineUtahArizona is north, the on this stiff that beautiful leg has. mustang Jimmie from Jones becoming He as theknown Strip. Arizona Here is glass eye, yellow a with a the with impact of the and awkward byis located the great Painted Desert, nose, with the leg through throat- a body meaty hoof Roman and calledso because the of colvaried latch, against the ground. jaw, a long heavy a back, hoof was Theored hill, formations in existing valflat shelllike, poorly coupled, not ovalstripe but with a black andley, plain. and of memories the The firm. his his legs. shaped back and and around downPainted Desert bring the back most

all are beautiful front the evidences of These cold quarter blood. From

life.romantic years of my

I this of his get a horse thoroughbred sloped you you body want When

I was born and reared in Southto have a real horse, a thoroughbred. gently to the flanks, but not waspern Utah on the fringe of the great When you get a little older I'll get like, for those horses that have no

Painted Desert. At the time of my such a horse for you."waist line, that are so small in front

boyhood and early manhood, thouThe day finally came when my (Continued on page 688)

MEN OF TOMORROW By J. EDGAR HOOVER

THE CHIEF OF THE \\/%//"G"MEN TALKS TO BOYS "9L ia. lpvuc fob

... implies good the Only todsiavLUfL &mjLhJUccL

is should This be your Citizenship.citizenship—there youngwar—forcan wina abetterwar.

no other kind. There should America. Step in and win it! It is

be no other thought for stalwart a war for decency—for the safety of

young men... than the building our homes, for the sanctity of our

of a greater nation, a better nation, ballots, and for the cleansing of the a cleanerthinking nation, through moral fabric of our fellow man.

the constant recruiting of new solIt is your job to get recruits; every

diers in the army of good citizenboy you teach to hate crime is a vicship. Only by this means may we tory for your side; every person you

hope to free our nation from the can interest in a desire for clean threat of the criminal forces which politics, good government, honest seek to place it in bondage. administration of justice, is indeed

It is a cloud upon our national worth a citation for bravery and happiness that for each one of the fidelity in action. You can win this

young men who form the great army war by the building of a great of the Boy Scouts of America there fortress—a national mental attitude

is a host of enemies who seek to which will instinctively hate crime prevent... building Our America and every element which fosters it.

to a higher plane of cleanliness, deRemember this, what you think tocency, and human welfare. day will guide our nation tomorrow!

Even though Boy Scouts are There can be no greater achieve- 1,281,000 strong, the criminal hosts ment than to build for the happiness outnumber you almost four to one. and moral safety of the future.

In its ranks there are over 4,750,000 murderers, thieves, burglars, embez- 'T'he forces today which make poszlers, arsonists, kidnapers, extorsible our great army of criminals tionists, and other offenders against are public apathy, public lack of inour laws. J. EDGAR HOOVER terest in honest law enforcement,

laziness public concerning the power exist accident. through They no

things all these of the ballot. Upon live breathe plunder and andThey

the underworld the when cordial of cooperation breeds—and country,our invade homes, our WITH

in it I include Director Mr. Hoover, Edgar the underworld, J. I say happiness, the take ourwreck and the of of Federal InvestigaBureau politician. corrupt venal and thelives citizens they, our of because tion, this article here appears from strongholds assaults the Corruption delivered address at the anin turn, are protected Scout a skulking Boy by

behindthe-lines crew of despoilers Day Celebration, Court of Peace, of what should be our highest and effort'field Fair, public of World's City, most worthy York June New pirates, venal theand modernday 1939. 29, Originally directed to politics. that of

it politicians corruptand make who is Scouts, a challenge to every that in it clear minds your Keep profitstheir the to business place young and in manit young woman of the underworld above the protecAmerica. good politics is a great and benetion of the decent citizen. ficial thing; but that corrupt politics

is a criminal thing. With that

These are real public enemies. thought always there should be the

They rob the good citizen of his list themselves heart and soul in a determination to admire, to work vote on election day. They seize do or die battle for their elimination. for, to give strength to the man or

control of police departments and There is your challenge! boy who looks to the field of politics

other law enforcement agencies. The symbol of America, "The as one in which to seek the betterAnd they even reach high into the Stars and Stripes,"represents Libment of his fellow man. There

governmental bodies of our states, erty and Justice. "Old Glory"still should be nothing but scorn and disinto the legislatures and into the waves triumphantly over the land of grace for anyone who despoils this

courts, slimy with their hands ever the the brave. free and the home of greatest imof vocations. more No atoutstretched the public to claw is It stands that for everything atbe good. portant can movement mass

purse. Americans should be prouder than tempted or achieved by such a

All of us, whether we like it or ever of America today, and should healthyminded organization as not, pay tribute in some form or anfight to defend her ideals from the yours than to dedicate yourselves other to this vicious, corrupt influtraitors in our midst who stand for to the task of eradicating the stains ence which sooner or later must lawlessness and subversive isms. of corruption from the otherwise

stifle America, unless courageous We must turn upon the scoundrels honored name of patriotic politics.

fighting young men and women enwho would destroy Americanism. {Continued on page 690)

Youth -tempering struggle By MARK B. GARFF

President of the Danish Mission

Theretion amongis a greatus dealas toof justspeculahow Thisnot be sacredshifted toresponsibilitysomeone else.shouldEven

our young people are measurthe Church is incompetent for the ing up to the standards cherished so task, for the Church at best can supremely by those who sacrificed only hope to meet our sons or daughfor the cause of truth. In our anxiety ters a few hours a week. The

regarding the youth of today, we Church will do more than its share, too frequently compare them with but it cannot conquer without the those of yesterday and forget that loyal support of the home. It is our

the tempo of today has been stepresponsibility to teach youth to listen ped up considerably over that of to the good and shun the bad. Atten years ago; then, if we consider tractive periodicals, the motion picthe changes of the past fifty years, ture, the radio, and other agencies

we find that comparisons are of little that are used to "sell indulgences"value. have the attention of our children

The problem of youth today is every day. How many hours a day

not the conquering of a new frontier is your child under your superor an empire, but if youth were called vision? Just what are you doing to

to do such, I am sure they would be teach him the right from the wrong?

as valiant as their forefathers were. Are you leaving that job for someHave you ever thought that there one else? Who is moulding his

may be a yearning in the heart of character? Does your careful,

every youth to go out and do what prayerful teaching more than offhis parents did? He is willing, but set the beautiful, but dangerous,

that opportunity can never be enweapons that are being used to dejoyed again. He must now take stroy spiritual background? Such

what is thrust upon him, in many subtle weapons were never used cases not what he wants. against you in your youth.

When he does start up the ladder, A RE we as parents trying to protect he finds ten men at the top where our children from hardships, there is only place for one. Then from weariness of toil, from reon his way up, he is being bomlong and carefully by the Lord. He sponsibilities that seem difficult, from

barded from all sides with glamorwas also assisted by noble friends honest hard work? Have condious promises of happiness by men and loyal parents. He had to take tions become such that it is no longer

who are seeking to ruin him for the each step. By struggle, work, redesirable to work by the sweat of sake of profit—men who tell youth sponsibility, and even persecution, he the brow? Are we so eager for

that the way to happiness is by inbecame a polished shaft and a powtheir success that we are trying to dulgence, and not by struggle. erful instrument in the hands of the show them a short cut? If we are,

When we stand at a distance and Lord. There were no short cuts then we are undermining the foundasee one of our outstanding youths then; there are no short cuts today! tion of success for our children, for

hurled from the ladder of struggle One must work, struggle, and it is only through work, hardship, by the deception of men who are possess an unfaltering faith to beand responsibility that growth and seeking his destruction, we are come strong! Life does not consist achievement are attained.

sometimes discouraged to the point of one battle, one struggle, but Is it not possible that when one of feeling that the chance for modmany! of our stalwart youths falls from the

ern youth to become valiant in the We cannot hope to stop the great ladder of struggle, we ourselves are cause of truth is hopeless! Our changes that come, nor can we somewhat to blame? I fear we somehopes are shattered because some of thwart the evil designs of intriguing times stand back in anticipation of

the elect have failed. But we dismen and women who are working youth's fall. Then, when he does

regard those who are clinging on, with vast wealth and power to buy fall, we are prone to say, "I told you fighting step by step, withstanding the souls of youth with indulgences. so."We do not seek to prevent that

thetemptation—adeception ofworlda worldthat filledmakeswithsin Justto performwhat canthe bemiracledone, ofandstemmingwho is himfall bya gettinglift at underthe crucialhim andmoment.giving

glamorous! the tide of pleasureseeking youth? Age does not always feel its reNo man in the Church of God This tide, supported by the money sponsibility to fasten youth's hand

ever reached great heights over and power of cunning men, is quite more securely to the rung of truth night. Neither has he obtained a obviously rising rather than declinthat his foot may not slip from the

key position without first climbing rung of faith. Probably our shieldthe ladder step by step, with the ing.We must build from within. It ing him from hardship, work, and

inspiring support of noble men and is an individual problem to build responsibility is the cause of the women. Joseph Smith was trained within the souls of our own children. (Continued on page 687)

BRIGHAM YOUNG'S EYES QJauik. amA. thsL apfmhsufd, oa

TheGrandfather'sfiftytwo walledpremisesacresmadeof thsL dim. suyjiA # aqsL IdjdJl

for us halfdozen, restless, bare- $gOl b&jyjond.

foot little boys a noble and extensive playground.

filled with barn The big horses By BRIGHAM YOUNG, also a grizzled and savagehoused old billy goat, whose villainous odor (B. S. Young)

so tainted all the air that it kept the epizootic."horses "ketching from his voice recognized command. We a vast barn loft seemedThe in at top speed him raced for acreage and

of hay into which we burrowed and anticipation of the treat he invarifashioned little snuggeries, where we found safe retreat when irate ablyIt supplied.was a practice with him fredire us withhired men threatened

merely becausepunishment we had BRIGHAMYOUNG onquentlysuch occasionsto inspect wehiscontrivedpremises,toandbe disturbed a noonday nap or eaten in his immediate vicinity, as out of their sodden lunch. those capacious barndoor pants

old spacious there was the Then or a few raisins he brought its pockets blacksmith with shopadobe or rock candy of some fragments smokeblackened roof and wide maybe peppermint lozenges, or, failsatforges watched and where we to take these, ing us down he would achieveall great play thethe hired In horses our shoe and men for us procure the "commissary"and

Startwall."the of burning "walking pungent thecaught odor ment was he lacked. our what fitted shoes. at made the as ing the hothoofs they Eagle Gate we

One of our special delights was first objective Canyon Road, clamHPhe arch enemy of the little boys to see them shoe the big work oxen bering over three twelvefoot gates was the keeper of the "commisthat hauled the jagged blocks of in the ninefoot wall to attain that sary"and from this niggardly official granite from Little Cottonwood to point; following the curve of the Grandfather would wring the delithe temple block. Heavy twelve by wall along Canyon Road we reached cacies we so persistently dogged

twelve timbers were framed into a Third Avenue and another twelvehis footsteps to obtain; sweet crackrack of proper width and length to foot gate in a right angle jog. The ers, maple sugar, or, on rare occaaccommodate the huge bodies of wall here followed the Creek diagsions, the flat and succulent fig.

these oxen when they were cajoled onally to Fourth Avenue where beHe knew little boys and we loved or forced into the shoeing frame; gan the steep climb to "A"Street; him because he did.

their heads were securely fastened then the threeblock straightaway Reaching him, we ranged ourby strong stanchions, a wide rawto First Avenue, where a right angle selves before him and waited. Raishide belt was passed under their jog of ten rods along First Avenue ing his cane he tapped me lightly on

paunches, and by means of a rude brought us to the steep declivity the shoulder and inquired; "Who's

windlass they were lifted clear of leading to South Temple Street, this?"

the ground, their feet firmly fastenwhich we carefully negotiated. The "Bidum, Grandpa,"I replied

ed to the sides of the heavy rack, home stretch to the Eagle Gate we briskly.

and thick steel shoes fitted and covered at top speed, where we Raising his cane a second time he nailed to each half of their cloven awaited the tired and usually spent tapped another boy on the shoulder hoofs. The protesting struggles of stragglers. These "walk the wall"and inquired: "Who's this?"

these lumbering, powerful beasts, acexploits were not of frequent occur- "Richard, Grandpa."

companied by the creaking and rence, but were made to initiate some "Come here, Bidum and Richard, cracking of the massive frames, pronewcomer, or to test the nerve and I want you boys to be my eyes and vided us with many gleeful and skill of the younger boys. take me down to the Lion House."

ecstatic thrills. Another adventure was to climb Placing his right hand on my

The big water wheel adjoined the to the fiftyfoot platform of the hunshoulder and his left hand on Dick's shop, revolving slowly under a small dredfoot flag pole adjoining the shoulder, he bade the others a kindly dribble of water that served to keep White House, where, on patriotic or "Goodnight"and we began that all it barely moving, furnishing us a cool holiday occasions, the flag was distoo short and eventful journey; and

retreat and refreshing shower as we played, as from this eminence it as I look back along the years I reclimbed its treadmill trail. In City could be seen from nearly all parts call no service sweeter nor one more

Creek, we waded and bathed unof the valley. proudly assumed.

molested by bothering signs warning One evening during those boyhood We guided him across the little us of water pollution. summers, when darkness would soon flat and down the narrow path that

Rabbits, too, were found on the end our play about the flag pole, rounded the shoulder of the hill. So

hill within this walled enclosure; Grandfather emerged from the deep narrow was it that he hugged us

they served as the lions of our play shadows of the trees fronting the close against him to give us footing;

and were to be exterminated, but White House and called, "Boys!"through the gate, into the dark

their elusiveness assured their safety. It was at once a summons and a {Concluded on page 686)

U>hoJhuti, ihe. BUSINESS

TEIEFACT POPULATION percent of total population WORLD? URBAN

By BRYANT o o o o S. HINCKLEY

NORTHEASTERN

fONTACT with the soil seems to breed in men the qualities that underlie sound and successful living—patience, sobriety, industry,

! 29.8% honesty, tolerance, and faith. S. S.

II 1138.2% -yuumtAbuSOUTHEAST. McClure once said that he hoped

)UTHWESTjgi| % \ to bequeath to his children the "advantages of poverty."Most of us

look upon poverty as a great handiScience ServicePictorial Statistics, Inc. 1013 cap and think if we had more of this

world's goods we should make more of ourselves. It has not always

HROM where do the great leaders administrative work in this bank worked out that way. The man who

| of trade and commerce, of ficame from the country. Only two succeeds with what he has, who

J. nance and government, of of the entire group actually grew makes the most of his surroundings,

lought and action, come? Are up on the pavements of this city. is the man who develops the power

they the products of any particular The others came from little crossto create, to initiate, and to bring place or people? How do they get road towns, many of them."things to pass. The harsh experito the front? "So,"I observed, "the people who ences of the centuries prove that

These are interesting questions, run the banking business of Chicago men are not built by easy processes.

particularly in a democracy like ours, came from the country?"It was Socrates who said: "If

where men have a chance to show "Yes,"he responded. the Almighty should come to me

what they can do and to win their "I suppose this holds true with with complete success in His right way in the world. The supreme the leading executives in other lines hand and eternal struggle in His

task of every age is building and of business."left, I would choose the left,"

training leaders. To discover the "I think it does."We are all prone to pursue the

processes by which this is done is The next question was: "How easy path, but we know that the

to make a vital contribution. do you account for this?"pursuit of easy things does not make

Not so long ago, in company with His answer was that young men us strong. Charles Kingsley wrote:

President Heber J. Grant, I visited in the country are often obliged to "Thank God every morning when

one of the great banking institutions work very hard for what they get, you get up that you have something of America. While President Grant and many of them get very little. to do which must be done whether

was engaged with the president of They are brought up with the notion you like it or not. Being forced to

the bank, I talked with one of the that nothing will ever come to them work, forced to do your best, will executive officers, and in the course which they do not pay for in honest breed in you temperance, selfcon- of our conversation put this question effort. Early in life they learn to trol, diligence, strength of will, and

to him: hustle and to think. a hundred other virtues which the

"From where did the men come Then he told me where this man idle never know."

who bear the responsibilities of this and that man came from; and what Andrew D. White, the founder of

great institution?"his own background was and what Cornell University, said in Salt Lake

He gave an illuminating answer. he was doing, explaining how his City many years ago that an honest,

He said: "You want to know where training in the country qualified him industrious, intelligent boy was the

the men came from who are in the for his present work. greatest asset the United States had.

upper brackets, the men who bePonder this thought: Only two It was true then, and it is true now.

long to the administrative departper cent of the best paid and most The leading men of tomorrow are ment of the institution, the men who responsible men in an institution emperhaps today boys on the farms and draw the high salaries and who are ploying thousands of men came from the ranches and in the workshops responsible for the success of this the large cities. The conclusion of doing commonplace, menial things,

institution?"it all is that the great cities would but doing them well. There are

"Yes."not long endure if they were not within the confines of the United

He continued: "There are about continually recruited from the counStates twelve boys who, in the com-

a hundred men in the administrative try, that they would sink under the mon course of events, will become department of this bank. Some time weight of their own iniquity if left presidents of the United States. By

ago we made a survey, and we disto themselves. This is a broad gensome mutation of events these men

covered that ninetyeight per cent eralization but, I believe, a correct will be brought to the front. They

of the men who do the important one. {Concluded on page 683.)

THE LOST DAY A SHORT SHORT STORY Complete on this page time, in a large The people thought he didn't all lost know what he was talking about.city, a greatQnemany peoplethe same thing at about the same BULA FISHER GARRETT They brought their calendars to

time, and the loss was very keenly show him. "See here: Friday, Satfelt. The peculiar thing about the urday, Sunday* We have Sunday

whole situation, however, was that the same as everyone else. The

the people were not quite sure what calendar says so."

it was that was gone. They only

knew that something they had loved "Ah,"replied the old man, "but and needed to make them happy had you have lost the spirit of the Sabdisappeared and must be found. bath. This is not really a Sunday

"Perhaps,"they said, "it is the at all, for you have not made it the joy of good hard work that we have Lord's Day, and because of that you lost. We may be thinking too much have no longer the feeling of His

of how many hours we work and the nearness to you. You have not

profits we make and not of the satismade it a day of prayerful meditafaction that comes from work well tion and so you go on blindly, not done. Let us forget ourselves in our knowing why you are living. You

work."have not made it a day of rest, and

So the people in the great city so all days are the same to you and went to work early in the morning your minds and bodies grow weary and worked until very late at night. of living. Had you kept the Sabbath

Each one put his whole heart into as you should, you would have had a in to day which think of helpinghis fine things work were and many others, to a chance closer to growaccomplished; but the people were

families, your and opportunity an tonot happy. dull were and They

tired. The something was still lost. read good books and think on life."

"It must be pleasure we have lost,"Then the people began to see that they said. "We need some new they had lost the spirit of the Sabways to have fun."bath indeed, and they resolved to

spend it as they once had long ago:

So men went to work creating in going to church to worship God new entertainments for them. Great and learn of His ways; in visiting

resorts and dance halls and theatres with their families; in resting from

ran night and day while the people the regular routine of their lives; and

tried to find happiness in drinking in looking at the many good things and dancing, but there was none. that God had given them.

There were only poor, tired, bored people, seeking for pleasure they There were some who were afraid couldn't find. that they might lose the Sabbath

again, said, they and "Tell us what this to city there big At last came things not must we on the do Sab-a old humble a small chose man. He lest it."bath lose we

city. the outskirtshouse of the on

And he watched the people around And the old man answered, "That him hurrying through every minute I cannot do, but ask yourself these of every day, trying to find happiness two questions, 'Is it restful?'and

in faster cars and bigger houses. 'Does it help me think of the Lord?'

He himself lived a very simple life, and if in your hearts you feel the and yet his eyes held a constant thing is in keeping with His Holy brightness and peace and joy that Spirit, you will not do wrong."

the people had long been trying to recover. So at last they came to And so the people in the great city

him to discover his secret if they remembered what he had told them, could, and to find out what it was Once more on one day out of seven that they had lost. And the old man they worshipped together and rested

said, "Yes, I can see what it is you from their labors, and they found have lost. You have no Sunday."joy.

* Cable By HELEN BREWSTER OWENS PART 2 dropped from his horse at the postoffice door, carried in the mail bag to dump it on the sorting table. He

ate heartily at had done a man's job. No more first, but Z[ekepushed aside the last slice responsibility till morning!

of bacon. The afterglow had faded.

The night wind soughed through the It was springtime in the pinons; the gurgling of the spring valley. When Zeke looked down

turned to eerie chuckling of some he could see the grass green in the hidden, laughing sprite; the cedars pasture land. It was springtime in

brooded, black against a blacker sky Utah's Dixie, and Zeke had been *m**m*mMm from which shone millions of twinborn there. His earliest recolleckling stars. tions were of fruit trees blooming in

Zeke was baptized with the lonethe spring. Where he stood gazing

liness of a high mountain wilderacross the valley, the winds were ness. chill and no sego lily lifted its fragile

Stirred by the sighing wind, a cup beneath the trees. It was three

dead branch fell with a crash. Zeke years since he had come from Dixie

sprang to his feet, then sank back, to the valley of the Kanab, three THE NIGHT THEWIND PINONSSOUGHED THROUGH glad there was no one to see his neryears in which he had experienced vousness. He drew the rough pallet the making of new friends and the

so he could look at the fire and deloss of his father, the Patriarch Joel not help matters for Zeke. The

terminedly rolled himself in the H. Johnson. Zeke had stood in some trail seemed steeper and longer than

blanket. But sleep would not come. awe of the tall, aged man, but never it had seemed on the way down.

He thought of his mother finishing did he doubt the patriarch's powers The sun was setting in soft spring her daily work, sitting in the bright of prophecy. So looking toward his sunset as the boy lowered away the

lamplight with flying fingers knithomeland, Zeke's heart yearned for bag of outgoing mail.

ting, always knitting. He thought early joys. The evening shadows fell over

be. the place Allred should where penciled note his Hastily a and of father he in the churchyard—but in twithe could him not see it it tied into to Zeke hastily that. sack thrust a tried turned andhe from He

light. since a time long It seemed horseto as mail think the sack a figure on of his games, races and on

pet pony, but there came instead picback approached below. The note the quarrel on the trail. The long

tures of his favorite sister, breathread: climb and task of lowering a dragging cleared sack head. Zeke's had ining her last breath the across bed git Let's Allred. Akquainted. Parley Mr. I called that,""Sorry he him him. All the time. haf early from nextthe room Climb sorrows up way Kum

if I tell to mused. ought "Wonder trail. I'll ther. Injun old meet the you hisof childhood gathered round

him, fighting away memories of sunRespeckfuly, Zeke Johnson. him so. Oh, well, the pulley's gone

I'll write him a noteshine, happiness, and gay friends. He watched anxiously till Parley, down the hill.

In vain he strove for happy thoughts. having opened the note,"waved tomorrow."

told Zeke thatHe was submerged in the deepest acknowledgment and tied on the A jerk on the rope gloom he had ever known. mail to be hauled up. Camp that Parley was riding away and Zeke's

With gloom came haunting fears. evening seemed very cosy. The ride task of pulling up the mail must be

Suppose a mountain lion came? Suphome seemed shorter than usual. finished before he could ride five

little miles to tent the the back by jubilantly,pose the northern Beulah from sang a bear Zeke moun- "O first let spring. the turn Zeke Attains—Land."rent Beulah sweet longdrawn Land, howl A mail,"a whistle. muthe "Some hillcrestthe night. to sat upright, his the hair got a out Zeke Zeke When

it tered. didn't "Parley say waslifting, trip full his early he next then hour on dropped back and

buried his blushes in his blanket. looked anxiously over the river. Far specially heavy today."

To think the howl of a coyote could below was the familiar figure of Slowly the rope piled on its spool.

make him jump! Parley just coming in view. There Zeke snapped the catch to hold the

Disgustedly, determinedly, he was an exchange of hand wavings. rope and straightened up panting.

shut his eyes and slept. In his eagerness Zeke went much Already the sunset had faded. A

The stars looked down where he over halfway down the trail before new moon hung low in the west.

lay, fair hair tumbled about the he met Parley, and the two seated Grimly Zeke went at his task.

gentle boyish face. They winked, themselves to talk, laugh, and tell Three times he rested before the

whispering to one another, "He stories. heavy sack swung to the windlass

sleeps. It is well. Never again will Then it happened. Zeke called and lay at his feet. The new moon

he know terror of a night alone in Parley a name which demanded a had gone; only the stars shone overthe wilderness."quick apology. But no apology head and Zeke's hands groped for

In the late morning Zeke excame. The quarrel grew till Allred the ties which held the sack. He

changed greetings with a passing lurched down the mountainside in a jumped back as his hands touched friend, bound for the Hill with the rage. something hard, cold, unfamiliar.

day's mail. In midafternoon, he Knowing he was in the wrong did Trembling with horror, he struck a

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1939

match. The glow revealed a stone close to the six feet which would be The up mail was in two sacks. That

weighing some twenty pounds sehis manhood stature. His face lost meant over an hour's hard work at

curely wired to the sack. the last trace of childish roundness; the windlass. Through the months

Horror gave way to indignation. the skin, beaten by winds and sand Zeke had learned many tricks on

"The lowdown skunk,"the boy and storm, was tanned to pale the reeling, but the work was never exclaimed aloud. "He's all I said. leather. Muscles not yet fully develeasy, especially when a rising north-

"I'll never apologize now."oped left arms and legs too long and easter threatened to hurl him bodily

The few miles to camp seemed gangling. But with it all, the spirit from the cliff.

doubly long with the velvet night was lifting his head. Regular wages, Zeke was in camp struggling to

about. The chill wind had sprung however small, make for pride and make a fire with only wet wood when

up.A spring shower was falling as byfaithloyaltyin theandworldcourage.if theyTheare backedlessons thethe flames;snow began.the snowThequenchedwind fannedthem.

he reached Shunesburg Hill on the of Sunday were rarely forgotten It was a gloomy, smouldering fire next trip. He did not stand on the during the week. The boy was fast by which he finally cooked his bacon.

edge to wave at Parley but sent the growing to young manhood. He rolled into his blankets, thankful

mail away promptly. Again came January had half gone. There for even the slight protection of the

the signal to "Haul up."had been several days when the old tent. He had given the old pony

The first touch of the handles northward turning sun had sent what shelter he could from the wind warned Zeke. "It's another rock,"warm rays which melted snow on but fastened him to a tree lest he

he groaned and ground away at the sheltered slopes to send rivulets of drift before the storm.

windlass. For over half an hour icy water into coves and gulches

he turned the handle, stopping only along the trail. All night the storm continued, not

when it seemed the handle would There was no foreboding of dis- a gentle comforting snow of soft slip from his clutch. There lay the aster as Zeke pitched a mail sack on white flakes, but an angry storm

to mix with up sand whipped stone.second that his morning. not which pony He did

little tent, at the and hurl the snow "He's worse than I said. I won't care for the small wiry horses which

about until under and roundgive up,"trail. Zeke. growled the he were beating rode on They

in to the morning awaked the boy older Allred beasts, than Zeke, was uninterwas scrawny and worn out of his teens, and he had all the ested in aught but getting along as find his face grimy, his blankets advantage, for he had nothing to do easily as possible. The horse given covered with sandy snow.

with getting mail up or down that Zeke this chilly morning was his pet Ten inches of snow had fallen and quarter mile of cable. Trip after aversion. still the storm raged, a blizzard such

trip Zeke hauled up mail and stones. "Nephi,"he protested, "some day as only a mountain can produce.

Spring orders were going out from that bag of bones is going to fall Building a fire would be a waste of

Kanab. Incoming mail was growing down and not get up. He is the precious time. Zeke wished glumly

heavier. For over two weeks Zeke skinniest, laziest brute I ever rode. he had pushed on in the dark last

clung to his decision; then he wrote Furthermore he has no sense."night. He fastened on the two

heavy mail bags but when he clamb-a note—the hardest of his life. "Take that famous racing pony

Mr. Parley Allred. You win. I'm sorry. of your own there if you don't like ered on with them the horse refused

Lay off them stones. mine,"was the curt rejoinder. to stir. The very droop of his head

Respeckfully, Ezekiel Johnson. So Zeke, grumbling, rode away, declared, "I'll carry the bags but not

There were no more stones on the while in the mountains the winds you."

wire. frolicked with the storm clouds and Off in the snow Zeke started the

planned their mad pranks. Allred horse on the long trail. Sometimes

Oummer days had yieldwas waiting impatiently when the pulling, sometimes pushing, someed to autumn frosts. Zeke's hands pony at last got to the hillcrest. The times pounding with a broken

grew red; the backs, chapped, were light bag of outbound mail flapped branch picked up on the way, Zeke

raw and painful. One night he in the cross winds as it slid down. (Continued on page 686)

showed them to his mother who rubbed them with mutton tallow and hurried him to bed. When he

awoke, he found heavy new mittens STEPHORSE BYKEPTSTEPON THETHE at his side. Margaret had sat up WELLKNOWN TRAIL.

all night that her wonderfully swift fingers might knit a pair of mittens in a single night for her boy.

Winter came early. There were

sleet storms which coated mail sacks and riders with ice. There were

rainstorms which drenched them, chilling them to the bone. There

were snow flurries that obscured the trail so that horses wandered from it, and riders had to dismount to search for it in the storm. But always the mail went through; Dick

one day, and Zeke the next.

Both boys were growing. Zeke

had shot up that summer, coming

Blackfeet blood

JPul UdojcL AtudisLdu jo AcknoL moj fouwi&Iv sum jcmd Lmp&itojnL &m&uccul jmiqhotimUL.

By C FRANK STEELE

tery of the horse that the Blackfeet Confederacy gained complete ascendancy over all the other Indians of Western Canada.

George Bird Grinnell, that noted authority on American Indian tribes and their lore, has given a vivid desCHIEFBOTH "SHOTSIDES,"IN cription in his Blackfoot Lodge Tales

FROM A PAINTING of life in a Blackfoot village of perBY JAMES HENhaps a century ago: DERSON.

Courtesy National The sun is just rising. Thin columns of

Gallery of Canada. smoke are creeping from the smoke holes

of the lodges and ascending in the still morning air. Everywhere the women are

busy, carrying water and wood, and preparing the simple meal. And now we see

the men come out and start for the river.

Some are followed by their children; some

are carrying those too small to walk. Off

drop their blankets, and with a plunge and a shivering "Ahhohah"they dash into the or storm summer, water. icy and Winter the Inthe horses, the splendid he lodge among sawOutstanding their daily this custom. shine, They was plains dians of the northern tethered of with them many and it healthy, tough and long said them made

are the Blackfeet. These thongs of buffalo hide. He says: enabled them to endure the bitter cold

princely tribes (the Bloods, Piegans, "They were fine, tractable animals while hunting on the bare, bleak prairie.

their returned to they time have By the Blackfeet, Alberta fourteenMontana and about hands high, and had early the lodges, have women the halters, oncesaddles, made up and stirrupsBlackfeet who made three of boiled dish meal. Athe preparedmeat—somepowerful Blackfeet Confederacy of buffalo skins."or four pounds—is set before each man;

were first encountered by white The horses that Hendry saw in the women are served as much as they can rest. the eat, children take the The and in in the Blackfeet country 1754 and 1 754, whenmen Anthony Hendry

in, and hundreds are coming now thatof the Hudson's Henry, Alexander Jr., and an emhorses Bay Company and them, driven boys of thousands by

his party marched into one of their ployee of the Northwest Fur Comyoung men who started out after them at villages in what is now Southern pany, marvelled at in 17991814, daylight.

Alberta. Two hundred tepees were thought to be the descendants With night came the hour of

formed the encampment, and domiof a fine line of horses brought to storytelling, when all, young and nating all the gayly decorated homes Mexico by the Spaniards which in old, gathered round the campfires of the nomadic tribesmen were the time drifted northward through what listening to the wonderful tales of council tents of soft tanned buffalo are now the western states and so the tribal gods, the old legends, skins sewn with tough sinew thread. into Canada. These animals were strikingly similar to the stories of

It was one of those dramatic mowild horses mastered by the Indians, creation, the flood, the Tower of ments of history, that first contact who used them for the chase and for Babel, as contained in the Bible, and of the haughty Blackfeet with the drawing their travois. Henry amazes the heroic exploits of their famous

white "invaders."More than passus when he records that he encounchiefs and braves.

tered Indians the Blackfeet among significance, too, liesing in the words the Indians Blackfeet these Of tribes who owned as many the toof the Great Chief spoken Lance, as 3,000 late Buffalo Child Long Chief

Englishman, Anthony Hendry: horses, mostly taken during war Carlisle graduate, Indian scholar,

their raids against tribal enemies present lecturer (the writer, for and goods. white man's have no need We as far as the southward plains for these never food scattered want we ofOn possessor the fortunate writer is

country. Yellowstoneor clothing. the buffalo follow from We of the edition of thirteenth the copy

to place, requireplace everything and we Professor E. Corbett, A. M. col- a his A., sixty Echoes, of Redmen in liveto comfort contentment and can we of the Blackfeet: says disfor his compiled lection of works buffalo. theprocure from need no We all the Plains Indians, the Blackfeet Of

isrifles, all the require. and arrow says: friends), we his bow tribution among their daring, feared of because were most

relentless spirit, their skill with weapons, They may be said to be the truest type

Gifts were exchanged and Hendry and their amazing horsemanship. It was of aboriginal Americans left on the conin his Journal notes that on leaving undoubtedly as a result of their early mas- (Continued on page 683)

'm OUR PEACE MAPLE FIRE FILLED AGAIN

By Ruth H. Chadwick By Queena Davison Miller By Eva Willes Wangsgaard

Peace! "pEACE! flare flaunt, and branches maple HpHE drop pour can one |oy of warming

it! trumpets proclaimed and bells * The ire; winter's * Defying brighter give a crimson hue, cup your IFToI

the of trenches, torn, out bleeding andAnd shall frosty breath daunt His never that will soothing of truth dedram One resons forth sweethearts and our cameOur fire! of arch spreading Their stroy

born: bitter taste residue, of sorrow's The

leaf flametipped, hell dancing past; But every they had The known was I shall that glad passed be I have your way learn of frostwhite last; moons, Will peace they would had The won grateful distilled that heart the And my grief it. that chant in fervent snowkissed zeal winds they loudly declaimedWith And

oil noons; melancholy Through

fruits poetry that ripened from Of sway Peace! Peace!

With parades now we declare it! And every little leaf will learn On olive branches fed by faith's deep soil.

But out of the East the cannons roar; Of storm and bitter rain, Some cups may be too full for oil I pour

The strife among nations surrounds us And all too soon the glow will burn Or stand above the bowl that I extend;

more. To dark of ash again! But if my drop be added to the store

To freshen scarred memories of the past, Of solace that shall help a heart to mend, steadfast, give that I look to stand back from unvisioned To When PRAYER that our others will brink Guard uspeace—praythe will

it. share I shall Snow Walton By Miranda filled again be drink. by you who

is of pearl; its cooling shad- a wall Prayer AMERICA FOR THANKS lie ows WILD GEESE CRYING

heart and still a fevered its anguished Upon S. Dustin By Edna

Linford E. By Beatrice cry;

nr* placed dear Its hanks, America God, a you high, bulwarks stand white between the wild geese crying heard at break -*- sin; soul and great hide her safe oceans two Where I of dawn, scale its heights; can from view. wrong no evil No

thrilling, piercing all mufflers cry with A therein. fleet Dass his tiny withYou sent Columbus

To find her here in fourteen ninetytwo. withdrawn,

The Pilgrim Fathers sought her outstretched Into flew,the wild north land they regimented arms rivers to begin of lake and To land anew. That call adventurous of spring they might have a place to worship The their was in

thee; cry, their her, then to blood they spilled saveAnd the I caught thrill mystic myself as they Lord, flew by.

this land forever might That broad be I the heard wild geese crying at break of free.

dawn, Where her flag waves today is offered peace. A sweet, and thrilling, restless cry, all sadHere we can voice our thoughts, and love, ness gone. pray; and

us safe keepHere is Here, God, fromhome—thankstyranny andforwar;this By LinnieTHOUGHTFisher Robinson S. A. U.

rpHOUGHT is the food of the spirit;

PRAYER OF THANKS *- Take care your exchange of bread

By Arthur T. Hansen ComesWherenotthefrompalatesthe altarsof menof arealienfed.gods,

Lord! to P\ear come me has is the this day Thought robe spirit; of the

*-*'Spirit great: of Thy A token Let it be care woven with

A light to guide me on the way Of waxen threads unsullied

To Thy fair kingdom's narrow gate. And carefully free from snare.

This morning from Thy servant's lips. Thought is the prompter of action;

I heard a testimony true, Then let the heart be kind;

And, music at my fingertips, Deeds can be noble only

My grateful heart toward Thee drew. When ruled by a noble mind.

Then, in the evening, unto me MOON POOL

You gave, within the temple's walls, By Afton Greenwood CHILDREN OF MEN

I feeling could see as thoughA joyful halls. \ SAW the moon reflected in a pool of rain. By Winnifred M. Tibbs in throng heaven's The

I * the wanted moon; children wake! of ye men, A awake? O I offer now, thanks toSo Thee I thought So *-* the For peace is of our world assailed. blessings sent. to hast For Thou me life: like How my conflict is The on between Right and Might I that throughI pray be them may shallow pool A will to And the bitter wage end. life lent. the of worthy More Thou reflects That the things I want. That will Right triumph and fail will Might

Is just a and unquestioned decree: I Another time a purple saw Scotch thistle.

I It THIS PRAY FOR in was made heaven ere I was man born thistle; the wanted

By Hattie C. Jensen So I thought It is all the world's destiny.

like life: How my It's for greed to power rule men's lives for not wealth do pray or fame All things to are get, hard has That caused the bitter strifeI to prestige added name. Or my fade almost before And they're won. That now overshadows our troubled earth;I for strength to pray each meet day is It the very device same I But the trials when lilacs, of saw white which comeThe may way. my Satan That sought ere the world I was made clusters in gathered arms; treemy

force to ToI I mankind the that obey pray greet laws each I may dawn thought And

With hope and courage to go on How like all life: And give honor and glory to him.

life holds out to me, all,And meet what After the things get from life we let of men, us O children live in peace more, likeBecoming dear Lord, the sweetest Thee. Are to be had. gifts share the And gives! God

PEACE KEYNOTES 110TH Elder Cannon was married in the

SEMIANNUAL CONFERENCE Salt Lake Temple on June 15, 1904, to

Saville. the of the program Church is WinnifredHpHAT of Council of the member The new that the sympathies of peace, * one is of seven chilthe father the Twelve of the Latterday Saints are with good dren, four sons and three daughters.

men everywhere, that the poor are still with us, that faith and repentance reTEMPORARY LEADERSHIP main the measure of man's progress IN SWEDISH MISSION these, along with an abiding appreciaTJresident M. Douglas Wood of the

tion for the inspired leadership of the * West German Mission, who was

Church, are the things which found instructed to go to Sweden at the outexpression at the 110th semiannual break of the war, and who took over general conference of the Church, Octhe duties of President Gustive O.

tober 6, 7, and 8, on Temple Square Larson when the latter was released in Salt Lake City. Statements on war in time to return to Cedar City as

and peace dominated the conference director of the L. D. S. religious instiexpressions. (See also pp. 656, 672.) tute, will continue temporarily in charge

As the fortyfirst conference to be of the Swedish Mission, it is ancalled to order by President Heber }. nounced. Present conditions have

Grant, now in his eightythird year, made the installation of a new president it was characterized by a unity born inadvisable.

of the times, an eagerness on the part of the membership to hear advice, and MORMON SCHOLAR HONORED a readiness to accept it. /harles E. Dibble, graduate with the

With the exception of Elders APOSTLE SYLVESTER Q. CANNON Master's degree from University

Joseph Fielding Smith and George of Mexico in the field of anthropology,

Albert Smith of the Quorum of of George Quayle and Elizabeth Hoaghas recently been made a member of the Twelve, and Presidents Levi Edland Cannon. By reason of his preSociedad Mexicana de Anthropologia.

gar Young and John H. Taylor of the vious service as Presiding Bishop and This is largely in recognition of his

there of Seventy,First Council his was a associate to the Twelve, the work. He interpreted biography Codex

full leading representation of the highlighted briefly but is well known, dealing with the early Xolotl Codex,

Church councils. Completion of the here: history of the Valley of Mexico, from

Quorum of the Twelve came with the In 1899, following graduation from 1052 to 1400 A. D. At the recent sesappointment to the Council of Sylvester the Massachusetts Institute of Techsion of the International Congress of

Q. Cannon, lately an associate Apostle nology in Boston, Mass., with a Bache Americanists, in Mexico City, Brother

of the Council. (See story and photo, lor of Science degree in mining enginDibble read a paper on Utah archaethis page and p. 672. eering and metallurgy, he left for a misology.

Special departmental sessions in the sion to Holland and Belgium, where he interest of the Church Welfare Plan began an almost continuous period of GENERAL CHURCH MUSIC were conducted throughout the conChurch service. While on this mission COMMITTEE REORGANIZED

ference. Featured events were the he became president of the Netherpresentation of the dramatized version landsBelgium Mission in 1 900, serving '"Pracy Y. Cannon, formerly second * vicechairman, has been appointedof the Elijah by the Tabernacle choir until 1902. In that year he accompanduring four days of conference week, ied President Francis M. Lyman to the chairman of the General Church Music

and the participation of the Church in Turkish Mission, visiting Egypt, PaleCommittee, succeeding the late Elder

Columbia Broadcasting System's stine, Syria, Turkey, Greece, Italy, and Melvin J. Ballard.

"Church of the Air"program on SunFrance. General Suoerintendent George D.

day morning, at which Dr. John A. He served in this capacity until 1917, Pyper of the Deseret Sunday School

Widtsoe spoke on "Foundations of during which time he was again presiUnion will continue as first assistant

Peace."The three days were concluded dent of the Netherlands Mission from chairman and treasurer. New second

by a Sunday School "Gospel in Song"1907 to 1909. assistant chairman is Professor LeRoy

theme carried out in the Tabernacle In 1917 he was appointed as the sec- J. Robertson of Brigham Young UniSunday evening. ond president of Pioneer Stake. He versity.

The general conference was preheld this position until 1925, when he Personnel of the reorganized comceded by a twoday convention of the succeeded President Charles W. Nibley mittee includes the following: N.

Relief Society. as Presiding Bishop of the Church. His Lorenzo Mitchell, secretary; Bishop

administration was characterized by an Marvin O. Ashton of the Presiding

SYLVESTER Q. CANNON extensive program of chapel construcBishopric; Frank W. Asper, Matilda

AlCornwall, Spencer Cahoon, of 1938, W. conference the April AtADDED TO COUNCIL OF tion.

Lester Hinch cliff, fred M. Durham,J. named and an Apostle chosen he wasTWELVE

Janet Jr., de Jong, M. Thompson, the Gerrit of Council the of associate an for 62, SylvesterTlder Q. Cannon, Alexander Sterling Wheelwright, D. Twelve. of the associate year** the an past Jensen. Schreiner, Freda and ability been have leadership at and His Twelve, was named of theCouncil

civic of a number recognized in a as Conference Generalthe October apSUMMIT STAKE RECEIVES chair1930-31 In he was pointments. vato fill the Council of themembercancy occasioned by the death of Elder man of the Governor's State Flood NEW PRESIDENCY

first E. counselor Joseph in 193132 he "pORMER and Commission, ControlMelvin J. Ballard.

president of the State Beard was named Advisory chairman of the acted as Quayle Cannon was born Sylvester in Salt Lake City, June 10, 1877, a son Council for Unemployment. Summit Stake to succeed President

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1939

Willard Heber Wilde, who became stake patriarch. Counselors to President Beard are W. Earl Calderwood

and Robert Hillier, bishops of the Henefer and Hoytsville wards, respectively.

Lester M. Nordberg was released as

second counselor in the old presidency.

Reorganization was effected Sunday,

September 24, at stake quarterly conference under the direction of Elders

Charles A. Callis and Albert E. Bowen

of the Council of the Twelve.

NEW STAKE CREATED IN CALIFORNIA /"Organization of a new stake in the

Los Angeles area, to be known as

Pasadena Stake, with headquarters in

Alhambra, was effected Sunday, October 1, by Elders John A. Widtsoe

and Joseph F. Merrill of the Council

of the Twelve. EUROPEAN MISSION PRESIDENTS AND WIVES AT CONFERENCE

Bertram M. Jones of Montebello gatheringAn event,of all nowEuropeanstrangelymissionrelegatedpresidentsto andthe theirpast bywives,subsequentheld this events,year fromis hereJune recorded12th to in17th,the inannualthe

time, Lucerne, Switzerland. of beautiful city missions, reports ten European the At that from although taking as president sustained ofwas the new

political of indicated unsettled conditions, of enthusiasm prominent existing missionaries note a spirit among Pettitunit, of with Dr. H. William progress being in notable Joseph work. Fielding the Elder and a made and members, Council of of the Smith

in of all missions, presided Twelve, tour the engaged then sessions. general European at aPasadena and I. Ross Dana of Glendora the

in left row, front Alfred were: attendance to right: Those Rees Mission); C. Ida D. and (East German as counselors.Park Jessie Elder E. Smith, B. Fielding Smith; E. and Franklin (Swiss Mission); Joseph Thomas Fawn J. and McKay

Comprised of Belvedere, Eastmont, andClaireNormaT. MurdockS. Evans(Netherlands(French Mission);Mission);ZinaM.C.Douglasand Hughand B.EvelynBrownR. (BritishWood (WestMission);GermanGustiveMission);0. andJosephVirginiaE.

Montebello, and Whittier wards from B. Larson (Swedish Mission); Mark 8. and Gertrude R. Garff (Danish Mission); A. Richard and Margaret M.

the Los Angeles Stake; Alhambra, Smith,PetersonSwiss(NorwegianMission.) Mission); Martha S. and Wallace F. Toronto (Czech Mission). (Reported by Lewis W.

Pasadena, and Rosemead wards from the old Pasadena Stake; and Baldwin

Park and the Monrovia Branch from the San Bernardino Stake, the new

Pasadena Stake has a membership of 3,813 people.

The former Pasadena Stake was named San Fernando Stake with headquarters in Burbank. It consists of BANQUET HELD IN

Glendale, Burbank, Elysian Park, GarOGDEN TO HONOR vanza, Hollywood, and Van Nuys PRESIDENT DAVID wards. 0. McKAY.

The El Segundo Branch was taken (See "Improvement from the Hollywood Stake and is now Era,"October, 1939, a part of the Long Beach Stake. Mempage 607.)

bers of the Inglewood Ward living in

Hawthorne are now members of the PRESIDENT DAVID O. McKAY

Long Beach Stake. By Mary A. Schaec

The strength of a Scottish father, Who guided thy soul with prayer;

The smile of a sainted mother,

Who gave thee loving care;

A sunkissed home in the valley,

With meadows bright and gay;

A loving wife to bless thy life

At the dawn of each new day;

The clasp of baby fingers That have made thy spirit glow;

Undaunted faith in the lofty peaks

Has made thy soul to grow.

MISSIONARIES LEAVING FOR THE FIELD FROM THE SALT LAKE MISSIONARY HOME We can never measure the words you speak;

ARRIVED SEPTEMBER IS, 1939—DEPARTED SEPTEMBER 2S, 1939 They touch the hearts of men,

to right: First row, left Keith Arnold H. Wheeler, Jones, Evan H. Marchant, Merrill M. Johnson, Lillis ToThenkindleechofaithforthand again.hope and love, B. Colton, President DonWiddison, Crandall, A. Griffiths, Lowell Richard Ross D. Jackson.

Second row: Ralph Chadwick, A. Wayne Ferrin, Rose S. Rick, Edna R. Baker, Anona Wright, Danna

Phillips, V.Bigelow, Clayton Longhurst, Richard B. Jack Watkins. M. choose And to honor thee, when we

Cyril Foutz, row: Albert Third Buster Tuttle, Theodore Earl E. Olson, John Edward, Glen Waftan. untold, words remain The Calvin B. EarlLawrence Tuckett, T. Woolley, J. March, Jack Warner.

Fourth row: Edwin I. Taylor, L. Clair Williamsen, James R. Barton, Sidney L. D. Feinauer, Charles For God Himself has honored thee,

Theodore Graff, James E. Faust, Grant C. Muir, Harold H. Gutke, Dale D. Thomas. Men's lives to lead and mold.

Fifth row: Norman Boeslund, Don Hemingway, A. Kay Thornock, Alma B. Summerhays, Jr., Frank H.

Beebe, Blaine A. Quist, Ross T. Christensen, H. Carter, Stettler, R. Howard Golden Wellington T. Webb.

row: Sixth Ruben Brewertcn, G. Denton Young Aaron Amacher, Frank W. Dotson, B. Freeman, Fred G. He calls thee to exalted heights,Beebe, Richard Stoddard, Doyle Sellers, Howard E. Marshall, Mayo W. Smith. A shepherd of the fold.

Seventh row: Clark Douglas Knowlton,

Brigham G. Holbrook, K. Brinton, Marshall Wm.L. Hatch,E. Barrett,Don instructor.Purdy, Lawrence A. Jansen, Dale M. Christensen, AndYourthennamewithinfaithfulpurest onesgold. he writes

fcdii&iLaJb nate, may be supplanted by the spirit of reconcilifowimsmL on* Watt, ationof righteousnessand forgiveness,and thatof justicein obediencethis warto principleswithout further bloodshed and suffering may be brought to

HPhe longthreatened and dreaded war has broken an early close.

out. Its end and fruition await the measure of The First Presidency.

God's infinite wisdom, justice, and mercy.

The divine law on the taking of human life was

Sinai at in the This Garden. proclaimed and law, Ssi&JtsJc <?. CmjnmL is equally binding and upon upon men we declare,

nations. It embraces war. HThe Church welcomes Sylvester Q, Cannon, alApostle, as a member of the Council We further declare that God is grieved by war ready an

and that He will hold subject to the eternal punishof the Twelve. He is so well and favorably known

ments of His will those who wage it unrighteously. in every corner of the Church that all recognize his

fitness for the high office to which he has been affirm all international that controversies We settled will but called. be by pacific means if nations may

deal unselfishly and righteously one with another. He comes well qualified to serve in his new callWe appeal to the leaders of all nations and to the ing.and Inin themanytechnicalcivic fieldaffairsof engineering,he has beeninabusiness,capable

people themselves thus to mend and adjust their servant of the community. His official experience

differences, lest the vials of God's wrath be poured in the Church, long and varied, includes service as out upon the earth, for He has said He will visit His mission president, stake president, Presiding wrath upon the wicked without measure. Bishop, and Associate to the Twelve.

We call the unrighteous of the world to repentBrother Cannon is devoted to the Latterday ance—a forsaking of sin and a returning to rightcause; faithful in the discharge of his duties; ineousness, for the Lord has said: telligent in all his dealings; kind and charitable to

lover the Gospel. of

I, the Lord, the angry with wicked. am I am holding my all—a

Saints everywhere will support him with The Spirit earth, the inhabitants the of from

I have sworn in my wrath and decreed wars upon the face their faith and prayers. May he be greatly blessed

earth, of the shall the slay and the wicked wicked, and fear in his A. W. ministry!—/. shall 63:3233.) (Doc. every man. upon come and Cov.

We condemn all of war's foul brood: avarice, On. survey cu (pAoph&t

greed, misery, want, disease, cruelty, hate, inhumanity, savagery, death. \J\f find ourselves often quoting the words of the

lest to prophets, as and, doubt there be some all earnestly implore of the Church members We it is that submit a prophet who, one is, we all sisters, to love peoples what their brethren and and whoever and wherever they are to banish hate from under the appointment and inspiration of the Lord their lives, to fill their hearts with charity, patience, God, speaks truth as the spirit moves him, regardlong-suffering, and forgiveness. The Master said: less of what the world is thinking and regardless of

what men would like to hear.

Love your enemies, bless them that curse you, do good to And, therefore, a prophet is seldom popular, that pray them for them hate you, and which despitefully use and the cost of being a prophet is always great, for persecute (Matt. 5:44.) you. you, and

he may be called upon to say those things which pleasing, are not even unto himself, and he may overrule plans the to so and the Lord We ask fighting find himself against a tide of massmis- shall this to that spread not designs of man war countries not now involved, and especially that conception, and, as history records, be stoned,

America shall escape the material and spiritual crucified, banished, ridiculed, shunned, or rejected.

ravages of war. For the truth is not pleasing unto all men, and time

has proved that majorities are not always right.

to all bereft to bring pray and God We humbly consolation grieving of His It is as one ancient American prophet said, when the sweet mothers

Spirit, to the widow robbed of her helpmeet a faith he found his words received with resentment:

that God will help her in her lonely struggle for a Do not say that I have spoken harshly against you; for if

livelihood for her children, to those fatherless chilye do, ye will revile against the truth; for I have spoken the

dren a will to help their mother in her fight for their words of your Maker. I know that the words of truth are

welfare and existence, and to peoples everywhere hard against all uncleanness; but the righteous fear them not,

an increased desire and determination to "renounce mon,for they2nd loveNephithe9:40.)truth and are not shaken. (Book of Morwar and proclaim peace, and seek diligently to turn

the hearts of the children to their fathers and the It is not important that a prophet should say hearts of the fathers to the children... lest,"those things with which you and I are in full accord.

saith the Lord, "I come and smite the whole earth But it is important that you and I should bring ourwith a curse, and all flesh be consumed before me."selves into full accord with those things which a

We pray that the spirit now raging in men's prophet speaks by virtue of his office and calling. hearts of hate, of exploitation, of a desire to domi-—R. L. E.

FORTYSECOND ANNIVERSARY ISSUE, 18971939

vision. The most fundamental constants of science

are not absolutely correct. The velocity of light,

atomic weights, the force of gravity, and the manyEvidences and other constants from which the pattern of science is woven, are but approximations, often very close,reconciliations to the true values. There is always a margin of

error. The true scientist admits this, and works on

xviii. dtaw JJiuAiwxfdhi itu withdegreetheofpowersaccuracy.at his(SeecommandWidtsoe,towardsIn Searcha higherof

Sxjsmxjl? Truth.)

Scientific explanations, products of thoughtful is It consistsCcience of manmade. facts the and reflection reasoning and facts, upon observed are facts. explanations of Facts are gathered by often nothing than more shrewd or guesses good his senses. through are Explanationsman the prodprobabilities. the in rises That sun the east anducts of mind. the Therefore, the trustworthiness of sets in the west is an unchanging fact of humanscience the measured be accuracy of by may human experience. earlier In days, it for centuries, and

senses clearness the of and thought. human that held this was observation to was the daily due senses of limited. are greatly The man beloved A journey the of sun earth. the around with Now,friend is feet a few hundred but of one away hunat facts new our explain command, night we and indistinct, ofdreds passing figures. eye can The the day complete by rotation its the of earth upon far, clearly. seenot of speech The common man axis, every twentyfour hours. straight stick Abecomes but a confused a short distance murmur in placed glass a of looks water is bent. That anaway. hear ear not can distant clearly. The sounds, ageold observation, the explanation of which hasFar the all enough at distinguish not eye does away been several changed times. nebular The hypothfigures, ear, or the sounds. the with other senses. So esis long explained the origin of solar the system; Further, pairs of alike. see no two eyes exactly another inference now holds sway. In the submatter careful the honest and how observersNo atomic electrons of world discoveries are new made

isare, the of the not size moon to them, nor same daily, almost the and explanations in are constantthe length a of stick. this, measured Knowing men flux. Chromosomes hold the now center of the scienceof repeated observations make the of same in field stage the of heredity, the but explanations ofphenomenon; then and other seek observers to their relationship to the life properties of are the findings. thecheck final then, is result the Even present guesses of the best scholars, which mayonly an of observations average made, approaching be overturned tomorrow. reonly Newton was full truth.the is scientist Every competent aware, cently his pushed out of old place Einstein. by Nooften painfully, of these limitations placed upon scientific worker his of worthy task attempts tothe senses of man. give scientific a explanation a higher standing than

is Moreover, the sensitive eye to only small a that of intelligent an guess, supported existing by ofpart the spectrum. wave the and Above below facts. discoveries modify or may New upset thevisible greater are fields. spectrum invisible The ( explanation. See Einstein Infeld, and The Evoear detect can small only a of span waves. sound lution Physics. of

A more sensitive hearing organ would hear a uniThe rising and setting of the sun, the bent stickverse of sound, closed to man. unaided now The in the pool are safe facts of experience. exact Thesenses at of best the can man only a very know length of the or day the degree of of bending thesmall part in of the universe dwells. which man stick not be may determined with absolute

To increase the power of the senses, aids to the curacy by our poor senses. But such facts areacsenses, instruments, have been devised. The miimmeasurably more trustworthy than the general

crometer permits more accurate measurements of explanations of such current, wellestablished facts.

length; the telescope brings the far distant, and Facts of observation are generally more trustthe microscope the very minute, into the range of worthy than inferences by the mind.

the eye. The microphone makes indistinct sounds Cocksureness in science is a mark of the immaheard the electroscope clearly; and reveals forces ture often selfdeceived with worker nature. Thosenot recognized ordinary by the senses of man. have Nuwho moved man's knowledge control and

merous such aids to the senses exist. They are so nature forward, and greatly, have always stoodof

important that every new adequate aid to one of humbly before the inexhaustible ocean of the unman's senses becomes the foundation of a new known which they are trying to explore.

branch of science. Modern astronomy was born Science is trustworthy as far as human senses

the telescopewhen and the spectroscope were and reason are more. the When trustworthy—not biologicalmade; the sciences of as products came credentials of science are examined, the claims of

the microscope; electrical science was largely dereligion seem more credible than ever. (See

veloped from the use of the electroscope; the Cooke, The Credentials of Science, the Warrant

growth of chemistry rests upon the use of the of Faith.chemist's balance—and so on, throughout the

whole field of scientific endeavor. Flower in the crannied wall,

I pluck out you of the crannies, all to However, aids senses, man's instruments

I here, all, root you and hand, in my lie definite hands, bymade human under and often Little I if could understand hold flower—but limitations.serious accuracy telescope of the The are, all, root you all What and in all and

is decreased by distortions due to the nature of the I should know what God and man is.

glass of the lenses; there are disturbing reflections,—Tennyson.

refractions, and colored fringes that hinder clear—J. A. W.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1939 3Commg

MOTHER'S NIGHT By Cora M. Silvius

tt OH,that'sI couldn'tMother'sgo thatnight."night. You see

I looked at the speaker; she was one of

a group of schoolgirls.

"I could go any night but Tuesday and

Saturday; those nights belong to Mother

and Father."

"What do you know about that?"was

the surprised response of one girl. "I'm

glad my mother doesn't make me stay at home two nights a week."

"Oh, but Father and Mother do not make me stay at home. We often go out. But

we all do what they choose on those nights."Being curious I started out to investigate this girl and her home. I found the

family consisted of the father, mother, twelveyear-old Peggie, Roddy, who was eight, Betty, the youngest, and a grandmother.

The wise parents had dedicated one evening a week to each of the family. HEARTY

their eldest daughter. to Perhaps BREAKFASTS eveningOn Monday both parents devoted the

for she to her they took a concert, or fond of music, very for interesting person MAKE some was theydinner—itmight wouldinvite

herself had Peggie always be someone HAPPY HOMES.... serve delicious "Al"selected. Peggie another time, would At

pancake breakfasts and watch morning grouches disappear. vite a group of her own friends, and herinin entertaining them. parents would assist It's so easy—so quick—so thrifty—with readymixed Globe night. It was Peggie's

"Al"Pancake Flour. Just think, three pancakes cost only

night, Mother's which was On Tuesday, little of charge took always a penny. Buy a package today! Grandmother

Betty. No matter what came up, Peggie

allowed nothing to interfere with TuesMADE WITH BUTTERMILK - days.respectedHerherfriendsfor herhad refusallearned tothisbreakand

shows, evenings food rule. On these ALRFAPY APPEP - FOR THAT DELICIOUS FLAVOR! her

often exhibits or art were fashion shows, visited. In the summer Peggie sometimes

arranged a picnic supper. Occasionally

Father read aloud from a recent book.

But whatever was done it was the result of Mother's choice, and all members of the family, to the extent their ages would permit, took part in it.

Thursday was Roddy's night. He was a member of a club—"gang"he called it.

Every other week the boys met at his fi.008 home. What marvelous times they had!

It was unanimously agreed that Roddy's father and mother were "O.K."Often the

group merely did the club work and then

BL08E MtU8 Always use Globe "Al"Flour played games; sometimes an entertainer

)j(<f Hit), U83Vvt*h if you want to be sure of wasfudgebroughtparty andin; toldoccasionallystories. they had a

perfect results in all your bakFriday was Betty's night, and although ing. Globe "Al"is a modern she went to bed at her regular early

flour. It combines perfectly hour, how she did enjoy the attention

Mother wishes! Sometimes to her with modern paid

dolls, for her and her help sew would shortenings.

doll for her furniture Father would make house. At another time she would want

assistance in making scrapbooks to take to the hospital. She was always ready

with her plans, and often a long story appealed to her more strongly than anything else.

of all; that the best night was Saturday

surprises he night, and what Father's GLOBE "Al"FLOUR was did spring on them! Father seemed to have

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1939

TUNE TO

EACH SUNDAY EVE., 9:13 P.M.

frager

"IMPROVEMENT ERA"COOKING SCHOOL, TWENTYFIRST WARD

a great many friends who were especially 1 small onion, chopped jolly people. Once a steel mill was visited, 1 teaspoon rubbed sage

at through another time they looked and a 2 cups chopped celery stars. to at the Invitations telescope large

come and see or hear or learn something of Crumb the bread very fine. Mince the

value were constantly being received. onion and cook slowly without browning

But I didn't tell you about Wednesday in the butter. Add the salt, sage, and celery

night; that was Grandmother's night. to the bread crumbs. Add the butter and

lightly mixing fork. This with a she dear! She was onion, such a was And

to should according be increased amount to willing evenings exchange so always with someone else if there was any reasize of turkey.

if for it. at all son Though Mother and Baked Yams

in time, that she already Father knew, had made definite plans of her own for Peel four yams, cut large ones in pieces, that evening, one or the other made leave small ones whole. Place in deep

strenuous objections to the sacrifice. baking pan. Sprinkle with salt; dot genOften it took hard work and firmness on erously with butter. Add enough water

the part of both of them to prevent it. to cover bottom of pan. Pour 1 cup of

Such is the way with grandmothers! Nalley's Lumberjack Syrup over the potatoes and bake at 350 degrees until tender,

basting often with the syrup in the bottom

Qookiu Qtfm&c of the pan. Cranberry SaladJJul w,th THREE By Barbara Badger Burnett 21 poundorangescranberries

Thanksgiving Menu 1 large apple DIAMONDS Clam Bisque 2 cups Utah Beet Sugar 2 packages Royal Orange Gelatin

Roast Turkey Celery Stuffing CHABMEAT Baked Lettuce Yams Pea Timbles Nalley's Salad Time Dressing

Potatoes and Gravy Add a new tastethrill to your

Cranberry Salad Rolls Grind cranberries, orange skins, and apmeals this holidaytime.... by

together. let ple sugar, well and mix Add serving Three Brand Diamonds Pumpkin minutes. gelatin Pie stand Dissolve orange 30 in canapes, Crabmeat Fancy

1 in boiling water. water cup enough Add

cocktails See how and salads. Clam Bisque juice to to to orange cup. one make Add

this natural to appetites quicken it gelatin until to thicken. begins and cool 1 Pioneer can Minced It's flavor. fresh ocean packed cranberry mold. mixture Serve on and Sea Clams Add

1 juice quart tomato floating at sea aboard modern lettuce Nalley's Dressing. with Salad Time

1 stick celery canneries. To get all the firm,

1 small onion Pumpkin Pie tender leg segments of the Giant

Small piece bay leaf \ x/2 cups canned pumpkin King Crab, insist on THREE cup Utah Y2 Beet Sugar 3 DIAMONDS. boiling the together point below Heat

1 teaspoon cinnamon celery, for onion, minutes. 10 and Remove Look

1 teaspoon nutmeg leaf. hot. with salt serve Season bay and grocers'for this today—label at your ginger teaspoon Y2

Celery Stuffing 34 teaspoon salt 6 cups Royal Bread crumbs 2 Milk White Eggs l/2 cup melted Clover Leaf Butter % cup Clover Leaf Milk 1 teaspoon salt Mix all ingredients thoroughly. Pour

into baked pie shells and bake at 350 de- "IMPROVEMENT ERA"COOKING SCHOOL grees until firm.

(See advertisements on pages 682, 683, 685, 688, 689, 691, 693.)

A NOVELIST I KNEW

By Marge Stewart

Tnto her clumsy hands, life never slipped

A copper's worth of ecstasy or grief.

She lived the drab days of the very plain,

Yet made from them a glory past belief.

Upon her barren breast no child had slept

How did she know a mother's still delight?

No lover's mouth had ever curved her own

To laughter. How could she write

So tenderly of lovers and their dreams?

Almost it was, she made her mind a loom,

And words the glowing threads wherewith she wove A tapestry of life. To her small room

We came, the fortunate, when sore oppressed.

She made her stories from our crowded years, Touched with a magic our brief happenings,

And gave a meaning even to our tears.

M. I. A. READING COURSE BOOKS 193940

IF YOU SHOULD WANT TO WRITE thrax, of chicken cholera, swine fever, mad so cleverly titled, the author draws the (Alice Ross Colver, Illustrated by dogs, and as a result of his diligence, he curtain on his private life and shows us

Kurt Wiese, Dodd, Mead & Co, New found that what he learned from his study the background which has made his choice

York, 1939. 182 pages. $1.50.) of animals was easily transferred to the of a profession inevitable. Although he

will writers, all beginning this book story engross of Pasteur should to all boys in the given him name he was when herselfToprove needs of human kind. Clearly written, this himself said that he tried to live up to the a boon. a The author, and girls, and those football, of who opportunist men second and women team "An

years,successful writer of for a period will his merely,"those book who read has have not learned about Pasteur.—M. C. /.

characteristics the of successgone into the all that that he worked hard for he know ful will writer ideas has and which advanced field. theatrical in achieved the STAGES

isaid the EARLY at all serious about anyone who his life, of In the he pages has brief of (Autobiography Gielgud, John of writing.idea is for advice beginning Her true artists of of yesteryears: the Macmillan, 1939. pages. $3.00.) views 313

writers to start with juvenile stories, of Sarah Bernhardt, Duse, Ellen Terry (an which there are three kinds: animal, school, Those who have followed Broadway aunt of his). Some of the more recent

and home. Then Mrs. Colver devotes three successes during the past few years box office drawing cards, too, walk familchapters to an analysis of these types. From have not failed to note with increasing iarly through the pages of his book: Noel

this analysis, she discusses the matters of pleasure the work of the English actor, Coward, Elsa Lanchester, Claude Rains, characterization, how to arouse emotion, John Gielgud, who has won an envied name George Arliss, Mrs. Patrick Campbell,

singleness of effect. in the theatrical profession. In this volume, Lynn Fontanne. M. C. J.

Into the book also, she inserts many suggestions that are helpful to the experienced as well as the new writer, for she has chapters which deal with the mechanical preparation and the marketing of manuscript. This

book should be of great assistance to thosewho wish to know how the successful writer /-a/&Uerest achieves. M. C. J. New Books

THE MICROBE MAN GRANDEUR OF ANCIENT AMERICA (Eleanor Doorly, Illustrated, D. Containing 140 beautiful pictures of PreColumbian ruins and authenAppleton-Century Company, New tic account of recent discoveries $1.00

York, 1939. 160 pages. $1.50.) NEW EDITION—GOSPEL DOCTRINE 2.00

Millions throughout the United States A VOICE FROM THE DUST, Genet Bingham Dee... 2.50

pay tribute daily to the microbe man LATTERDAY SAINT HYMNS, George D. Pyper 2.00

through the use of his name on the milk LIFE OF JOSEPH F. SMITH, Joseph Fielding Smith 2.50

that is left on their doorsteps. Yet few

interest carried that the humanknow this We have thousands of choice Books for all ages, for every purpose and to far intoman, Pasteur, of microbes. the study

Conversationally written, this book fit every pocketbook.

to appealshould and girls everywhere. boys

of being, a apart from Select Your Christmas Cards NOW. Make this StoreThe worth human

money or position, is well emphasized your Christmas Shopping Center.

throughout the biography. One statement

that Pasteur made is well worth pondering "Chance favors only the mind that is prepared."to Pasteur the idea dealt death Deseret Book Company life.of spontaneous generation of He

learned that the air carries germs. He 44 East South Temple Salt Lake City. Utah

discovered the diseases that were killing the silkworms. He made a study of an676

CONDUCTED BY THE MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD COMMITTEE OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH, CHAIRMAN; JOHN A. WIDTSOE, JOSEPH F. MERRILL, AND SYLVESTER Q. CANNON

WHERE TO GET INFORMATION when Zion is free from the use of a cost of $15.54, they secured the maliquor and tobacco. This will be the terials for the adobe mill, molds, and

TTU'here and how to get information work of many years. trailer bed. The water meter and convv necessary to answer all the quesOne feature is a quarterly report on nection fee came to $46.00. The pipe

tions in the Quarterly Report blanks the progress of the work by all quoused to run the water to the soaking of the Melchizedek Priesthood quorums rums of the Melchizedek Priesthood. pit amounted to the sum of $25.61.

are questions that appear to have Instructions have gone out to stake For miscellaneous items they expended troubled some quorums. We again committees and through them to quorum the sum of $17.75. Thus for the sum

suggest that these important questions officers. of $124.90 they put into operation a

be considered at the monthly meeting The campaign is progressing through project that would bring some cash reof the stake committee with the group the labors of thousands of loyal, diliturn to the quorum members who workand quorum officers and teachers. gent workers. And most of them will ed on it.

Of course, there is a way to get all never fully know the good they are The men who worked on the project the information called for by the blanks. doing, but their reward is sure. We are were paid onehalf in cash and oneWhat is the way? This question should entering upon the "campaign of perhalf in adobes. If they would wait

be fully and completely answered at suasion."until the adobes were sold they could

the meeting indicated. Then the offireceive all cash. In reporting on this

cers of each group and quorum should HOW TO GET BOOKLETS project Brother Lloyd E. McArthur,

get promptly into action collecting the president of the quorum, states:

ofRelief Society few ward a all questions thatinformation so may delivering the are at present time We difficulty getting in ficers reported XTot for fully time thebe answered when will 6,000 adobes some which about net us disfor booklets antiliquor-tobacco filling arrives. Is in report blanks the $50.00. conhave had problems many We teachers. their tribution They ward by clear? the foregoing this since front us project; undertaking

were all asked to apply to their resome we have solved and some we haven't.

spective bishops for the number of At the start of the project we mixed our

ANTILIQUOR-TOBACCO booklets needed. According to the mud in a mill operated by horsepower.

general plan, bishops apply to the stake We found that we were not getting the COLUMN chairman of the campaign committee production we had a right to expect, conthe of employed. number men We it is to see that the booksiderinq duty whose

eliminated mill the horse have now and available. are lets wanted entirely. clay, after being soaked,HOW TO CURE THE The

CIGARET HABIT The stake chairman and the bishop placed on a four wheel trailer and rolledjs may arrange how to raise the money out into the drying yard where either two is in the question uppermostnpHis booklet. "alcohol"to the The or buy mold and three men their own dump

to is addict of every - mind adobes. free. eliminated All overhead other furnished who wants are by two

quit. Dr. A. L. Warner, a "dope"speIt is hoped that all bishops will fully this method, and each man works to the

his ability of indias an maximum owncialist, fiftyeight after retired Relief their now respective years cooperate with

.. unit. vidualof practice, gives answer. an During distribution for Societies and a 100% this to fact also have. contend with Wethirteen years a half and booklets. the Dr. Warner reading of sales at right the time present far as go: so

was resident physician in two of the now a number of people are making a few largest hospitals in the world. He has adobes each, and we must look to next fall

had wide addicts.tobacco experience with liquor and QUORUM PROJECTS beandpreparedwinter tofinanciallymake our tobigcarrysales ourand labormust

To cure the tobacco habit he recomover this slack period. "No one is so far

mends the chewing of "Doctor Root"from market as he who has nothing to sell."

.. of our members have quorum The IS this of says: root chewingand "The YOUR QUORUM WHAT

liberal their time, with has very. been which without the craving destroysquickly DOING?

in the to us project put enabled operation is habit. bestforming the This a new the for outlay being cash materials onlv third of the with Elders of quorum rpHE is cure found, evertobacco and I have labor. actual production adobe and St. carryStake have been George to use."easy

there for the purare members adobe project in a quoan on Where obing can Root"be "Doctor How furnishing unemployed, jobs it should of pose be for rum some cash who aretained? answers: Dr. "Send Warner

$1.50 for a box to Dr. C. H. Stokes, a few of the quorum members who are the aim of that quorum either to find,

Mohawk, Florida. Often onehalf box in need of employment. through diligent effort on the part of all

cures."At rather a low cost, the quorum put members, jobs for the ones needing

to in or them, undertake to themselves with some proceed a position quorum We will project. that project the of the provide they both cash $20.00 a sum Forroot. Wehavegivenotheexperienceabove for withwhat itthisis

lot city to those obtained income a which had been and a commodity memworth.

taken over by the county for taxes. At bers.

THE CAMPAIGN CONTINUES campaign continues with moreAur obMelchizedek Priesthood Outline of Study, November, 1939 more effectiveness. and One

jective—the distribution of the three Text: Priesthood and Church Welfare.

booklets to, and reading of them in, all reached L. D. S. 100% homes—has b. active every member To keep XXXI LESSON quorums,in Priesthood wards, many care of all the conmust be The and the Member c. stakes. The Quorumand some of all cern

But this fine achievement is only one (Chapter 31) II. Quorum to be ruled by "power, pringoal and far from the final one in the I. Responsibility of the quorum ciples, and righteousness"of Priestcampaign. Our work will be done only a. To keep every member contented hood (Continued on page 678)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1939 ( Continued from page 677 1. Development of projects: What d. A challenge to be met

a. United effort to solve economic resources can be tapped? II. A universal ministry to meet a uniproblems 2. Making of adjustments: What versal need

b. United effort to solve individual are the needs of the hour (use a. Priesthood operation and adminproblems of liquor, tobacco; disregard of istration worldwide

III. Quorum as agency to promote ecoSabbath; decline of attendance b. Quorum activity worldwide, uninomic welfare at meeting)? form

a. Through counsel V. Field to develop new welfare de- c. Principles of Welfare Plan uni-

b. Through action as an employment vices is unlimited versal

agency a. A challenge to quorum in present 1. Counsel of President J. Reuben

c. Through donation of time, labor, maladjustment of society Clark, Jr.

talents b. A challenge to seek new products, 2. Obligation of Church members

IV. Purpose of quorum new markets, better distribution everywhere to heed these prin-

a. To provide effective Priesthood VI. Possibility of labor exchange ciples

organization a. For goods III. Future of the Welfare Plan

b. To minister to every need of b. For professional services a. As permanent as the Priesthood

Priesthoodbearer VII. The plan to go beyond immediate quorums

c. To preach and work righteousness needs b. Ultimate aim to raise standard of

V. Obligations of quorum members a. Projects of cultural value living for those near want

a. Dedication of self to quorum pur- b. Projects of social value c. An organization to grow with

poses c. Aim to raise standard of living experience

b. Preparation to assume fivefold reVIII. What some quorums have done d. Coextensive with the law "Love

sponsibility: a. Fostered Church beautification thy neighbor as thyself"

1. Physical fitness projects e. A force bringing widelyseparated

2. Family welfare b. Studied occupational abilities of Church units in close cooperation

3. Cooperative relationship with unemployed and acted accordingly f. Dependent on efficiency of stake

fellow men c. Carried on farming organization

coal mines d. Developed Effective 4. citizenship Plan foundation a solid on repaired e. food, Canned 5. Active membership Church furniture, IV. Thea. Utopian Not clothing mended of quorums VI. Relationship to Church b. effort determined to seek and A projects building f. Sponsored Welfare program best apply to basic knowledge

in Efforts Mexico g. a. possible brothwidespread Makes problems

in h. Efforts Canada service of erhood

the 33 Lesson Note: completes participation Statistics b. of quorum XXXIII LESSON course, "Priesthood and Church for 1938 Universality Plan of the Welfare The Classes upto-date Welfare."associabenefits of VII. Personal quorum (Chapter 33) will finished of have the end by tion

it I. profitfind lifegiving November, and message may A personality a. of Development

in to class able the point use periods a. must Church way to equality talents: b. of and Education mind

for for or spereview brotherhood December and guidance vocational c. Social opportunities b. Priesthood holds key to estabcial reports bringing recent dethe in velopments that brotherhood of lishment Church Welfare of theVIII. Challenge Welfare Plan

in Christianity's treated not Plan c. the text to the aloofof Criticism a. for Calls cultural, economic, an

attention the of real members. problems ness from spiritual of each accounting and

member b. Stimulates unity MONTHLY REPORT OF THE L. D. S. STAKE MISSIONS

to the Seventy of the Twelve Apostles The Council of bg The First Council IX. Ac. Furnisheshigh and objectivesholy calling Made the 1939 August. For Month of

a. Quorums ideal agencies for planning and administration of welMISSIONARY ACTIVITIES Aug. Aug.

1939 1938 fare work 7,605 7.119

call b. The 15.515 to service an honor 2.1. NumberHours spentof timesin missionaryout doing workmissionary work - 16,513

c. Faithfulness and diligence essential 3. Number of homes entered for the first time 5,601 3.722

invitations 5,522 of Number to return - - revisits 4,658 4,082 of Number 2. 13,451 -—conversations 1. ToTo receivehearkeninspirationto admonition of 6.4. 12.794 of Gospel 5. Number

leaders 7. Number of standard Church works distributed:

Sold Loaned catch vision of further op- 3. To 7 of 3 the Bible Copies portunities 145 103 the Book Copies of of—Mormon

LESSON XXXII CopiesCopies ofof thethe DoctrinePearl of andGreatCovenantsPrice 1011 179

The Quorum and the Social Order TOTAL (Loaned and Sold) 305 378 (Chapter 32) 8.9. NumberNumber ofof tractsother booksand pamphletsdistributeddistributed 16,598639 22,447366

I. The quorum a group socially and eco10. Number of hall meetings held by missionaries 252 295

missionaries of cottage meetings 542 held 568 by 11. Number in society unique nomically

hall cottage missionaries meetings. 2,099 attended and who Number

voluntary a. Service investigators at cottage without remun12.13. present 3.320 hall meetings.. 2.9281,985 and Number ofof

eration 14. Number of baptisms as a result of missionary work:

of years people over 1 5 age 89 Of welfare b. Aim is general

of age: years people 15 under Of ((2)1 ) for study and prepara- c. Occasion parents are a. 120 of whose Both members

tion b. Others under 15 years of age 37

144 246 TOTAL fear, d. the motive Faith, not

of inactive activity through stake missionary members of the Church brought into 15. Number revelation e. Direction by 221 225 service during the month

II. Effectiveness of quorum dependent Number of stakes in the Church - 127 124

on individual members Number of stake missions organized. 125 119

III. Example of the past MISSIONARIES

a. Word of the Lord to early Church Number of stakes reporting 88 107

b. Stimulating traditions Number of districts 327 364

c. A spirit in the work higher than EldersSeventies 1,064254 1.253202

man's High Priests - 226 271 d. Inspiration yesterday and today Women 364 310

responsibility double upon the quoIV. A 2,036 1,908 TOTAL in welfare rum work 594 requirement Number of missionaries making the minimum

of missionaries making eternal principles of 757 Number less than minimum requirement apply a. To

inactive of missionaries 436 Number thrift, industry, service work, classified 121 Not solutions for current b. new To seek

problems TOTAL (Agrees with total above) - 1.908

CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC—EDITED BY JOHN D. GILES

SUGGESTIONS ON THE AARONIC PRIESTHOOD EXTENSION PLAN WwudL JsuoudksuiSuynjLbutou (DsujumbsA., 1939

Come suggestions are offered here for REVERENCE carrying on successfully the Aaronic At the recent General Conference, the statement was made that "when

Priesthood Extension Plan. *"* we enter a chapel dedicated to the Lord to participate in a sacrament

1. The work of the stake committee service, we enter into the presence of our Father in Heaven."

is of utmost importance. Where the demeanorIf wewouldwere beto respectful,come intoreverential,the physicalandpresencedignified. ofTherethe Lord,wouldourbe

stake committee is not functioning the nothing that would in any way mar or disturb.

plan is not succeeding. Whether we are in the actual physical presence or in the spiritual

2. Visits of members of the stake presence of God, a spirit of reverence and respect should govern us.

committee to ward Extension Plan At times there seem to be indications that the spirit of irreverence and meetings are vital to the success of the worldlack ofinrespectgeneral,formightthingscreepspiritualinto andthe sacred,lives of whichLatterdaytoday Saints.pervadesThisthe

plan. should never be.

3. In ward meetings, division into We have been given light and knowledge beyond the people of any

other Church, and for this reason have a more definite foundation for three groups—Priests, Teachers, and

reverence others than have. should children, teach our both by We results. for best necessary Deacons—is precept, example and reverence respect by for and everything sacred—for these groups Leaders of should be everything connected with of the the the work Lord as earth upon as well

present with the roll books of their in the heavens.

departments which are to be checked We should have reverence for temples, tabernacles, chapels, recreation with the individual record cards. halls, and other Church buildings. They have been dedicated to the service

should of God. for have reverence sacred ordinances teachings. and We 4. individual cards record Use of the should for reverence have servants God's here earth. on the of We Lack

is if imperative loss avoid we are to for reverence things sacred is dangerous. It indicates lack of faith, lack

of boys. This card follows each memof thoughtfulness, lack of appreciation. These things frequently lead to

ber through the seven years of his conditions and actions far more serious.

membership in the Aaronic Priesthood. It is suggested that Teachers discuss reverence with the Latterday

Saints they visit urge special and with whom consideration at this time the reasons It is important. of of why members our Church should reverfeel and manifest

5. Meetings should not be limited ence at all times for sacred and spiritual things.

to discussion of names of inactive members. It should include a discussion of

reasons for inactivity and methods of he "collects"for his employer would, removing the causes. Occasionally, a Word of Wisdom Review inabsurdany forotherthe case,slightestbe consideration.adjudged too

wellinformed speaker on boy psycholFor every million dollars spent /or ogy should be invited to discuss this HOW BEER ROBS THE automobiles in this country, customers subject and offer suggestions. COMMUNITY, RETAIL receive the equivalent of 2,000 autoeach. averaging mobiles $500 MERCHANTS 6. is Regularity of monthly meetings million dollars spent for For every in cost peothe American 1938 "Deeressential success. to the Although meetreceive an the clothing purchasers or least per capita, at *-* pie $16.60

suits averaging equivalent of 40,000 dull,ings following the seem may same family. per $68.08

each. $25.00 itroutine, should recognized that be last year paid $2,156,574,960 The million dollars spent every for For part, for intoxicant the for is the was, mostpersistency success. price the of The will purchasers shoes, the boots and

retail of beer, for purchases expended itbishopric see that to should meetings five the equivalent 200,000 of have in to subtracted small be amount no theirare not If possession. in dull. dollar pairs permitted of to shoes become

this short normal dayby-day time from million dollars spent every for For realthe objections the of plan are deretail merchants of 1,100,000 income the the get patrons pictures moving will thereveloped, dull meetings. be luxselling necessities no and wholesome

their privilege of of choice making uries country. the throughout 7. cooperation Close exist should million six of drahours four to from has the government had Meanwhile recreconcrete entertainment matic officers and the the ofwith organizations to out than $10,000,000,000 pay more ative, inspirational educational, and It in plan. theconcerned should be billion dollars) (ten for relief—in value.

that for cases famthousands the Extensionremembered of expended Plan dollars million spent every for BUT, faiththe brewers'of most of some failuresdeals regularly of esilies the with the receive drinkers beer conno for ful customers.

Iftablished organizations. the Priesttheir benefit either crete health to or

hood quorums, the Sunday School, and What the People Get in Return well being; consume 31,000 gallons For Beer Money—and Other Things (4% of the total consumption) of purethe M. I. A. could attract and hold all

Foundation's next Brewers'subalcohol The in the process—besides

is that,the young men, there would be no need claim jecting of themselves to every variety for any other plan. We must help "The brewing industry pays over social and moral temptation, leaving

strengthen the other organizations as $1,000,000 a day in taxes."in the wake of indulgence potential

a means of accomplishing our work. BUT, the Brewers'Foundation fails killers and traffic hazards, thousands

that, aside point out vision, blurred from liquor, of adults with youth and 8. Regular followup is essential. to

collector taxes of monies any or other unsteadied nerves, spreading danger

Accurate records should show exactly whose annual compensation is more and tragedy on our highways wherever what is being done with each member. than eight times greater than the amount the malt brew can be obtained.

EXTRACT FROM A LETTER* BY 9->riahanam i/jouna

"We have another railroad here doing good business. The

Utah Southern is built about 32 miles, narrow gauge. Roads connected with this are being constructed into Little Cottonwood,

Bingham Canyon and American Fork, to meet the demand for transportation to and from the various mining camps of these regions. The Utah Northern is being constructed from a junction

with the Central Pacific through our principal northern settlements into southeastern Idaho, and other narrow gauge roads are in construction or in contemplation."

********* "In Utah we have a fine country for stock raising and agriculture and abundance of minerals awaiting development, and we welcome all good citizens who love peace and good order to come and settle with us. It has been our policy from the first to

promote the agricultural interests, seeing this was the foundation of all others, and we have been for years furnishing staple products to the surrounding States and Territories, and we are now able to supply any demand likely to arise for grain, vegetables, etc., at the market prices, to those engaged in mining pursuits.

"We have iron ores and coal in rich abundance. We have

called merchants in every department of business, but we lack capital, AND THERE IS NO SAFER PLACE TO BE FOUND IN THE

UNITED STATES, WHERE PROPERTY OF ALMOST EVERY KIND

IS LESS TAXED AND BETTER PROTECTED—all reports to the

contrary notwithstanding."

LET US KEEP IT SO!

INTERNATIONAL SMELTING & REFINING COMPANY * Written April 10, 1873, to the Editor of the New York Herald.

VfljudbuaL 97l&6Aag&A

tainments be kept wholly clean and chaste as well as artistic. Officers

should censor all presentations so that no "slips"may occur. No cheap or

coarse reference or act should be perSTANDARDS mitted in Road Shows or other proplenty grams. of fun and can be There earth."the the salt of are "Ye

line of the border from gaiety away of the light world."the "Ye are

"Let your light so shine before men that vulgarity. All references to tea, coffee,

they may see your good works, and glorify tobacco, or liquor are to be avoided, your Father which is in heaven."all profanity deleted; and in all dra-

"By their fruits ye shall know them."matic and operatic productions modesty

in costuming should be safeguarded.

is ideals lofty because such of ourTt 6 in Propriety Program NumberA in as are the above embodied and early also receive Features—should similar scriptural thatother passages we attention. In the frequent Manual and

Ifset standards. Saint Latterday up immortal of portraying impropriety the

the disciples the of early were days pointed beings or too sacred scenes is "salt light of of the earth,""the prothe out, of appropriateness but the then Christ's asworld,"of members we is various features occasions to justigram latter are in these timesChurch should important. Especially equally

fied in striving likewise desigso to be preService be Evening our Sundaynated.

that so reverence care pared with and

As an integral part of the Church and every feature will be in keeping with as a group charged with supervising the Sabbath.

carrying active proforwardand an in standards advance, the weeks As in thegram our Church, ImMutual be of other our phases work may vitally organizationsprovement must be for as guides accepted and evolved in constantly reaching concernedand detertheir energy conduct. and For highthese of planes conduct. will officers in matters, these mination

for for In the Executives the Manual culthe seeing richly be rewarded by is year,current 17 Chapter devoted raised. their to tural level communities of

subjectthe of standards. and Ward the assist officers to are urged Stake officers thisstake are urged to read

in maintaining formulating and wards Humidifies, Heats,chapter frequently transmute the and is at It that standards. recommended instructionssuggestions there given and time meeting, leadership the monthly

call activeinto realization. attenWe the of those consideration to given be Air Circulates thetion particularly officers fact that to the

in adopting and adopted have wards invited principles guiding toare study is neat a furnace, This "package"stake. entire for the others the or same spiritualunderlying recreational our and coal circulating to will automatic be General Boards happy Thestructure, printhose foundation and on accounts stakes or receive in wards from humidifying one! and burner,system—allairciples, formulate or goals standards

out standards and accepted worked Its uses unlimited. are almost So beausuited to the needs and possibilities of of operaor of their partial complete and tifully quiet, it finished and can betheir respective communities.

assistance passed tion that be so may... finest stores in or the yet shops used religious recreof our and Ten phases comsuccess others. of one to on The efficient as to sturdy and so well be lifeational referred are to sugwith heartto found has munity always been for industrial warehouses adaptedgestions and standards be which on may in other proencourage groups en and

It is Iron indibased. that officers, uses. urged Fireman Unit Heatmakers endeavors. moting worthwhile

collectively,vidually these, study and often the practicable are heating most devoting at least one 7 o'clock meeting plants for warehouses or auditoriums.

to their earnest consideration. In homes and commercial buildings

While all ten are important, and without basements or central heating, others not mentioned in the manual may an Iron Fireman Unit Heatmaker is equally timely, sobe and and desirable Ethel chairman; S. Anderson, Waspe, Anne ideal. a full holds Large hopper day's Lucy Tingey. K. Wells, Bertha Margaret 5 N. Keeping Entertainment on IleenNumber

Minnie Larsen, C. Caroline Andersen, Adams, Ann supply. T. coal Control equipment, fitparticularlya be High E. Anderson. Plane—may air circulator built humidifier are and thisting at of the early year. period

topic ofThis the attention is worthy SILVER JUBILEE YEAR in.finish.BeautifulMade in two3tone-andchromiumsizes. Available on officer.of evening's enterevery If an

tainment or even an act or any small 1940 is to be a momentous year in easy terms from Iron Fireman dealers.

portion of the program falls below BeeHive history. It marks the

standard, the effect on the audience, estwenty-fifth year since the organization pecially the younger members, is serious of the first Swarm of BeeHive girls.

and far reaching. In the immature It will be our Silver Jubilee Year.judgment of these young people, it is IRON FIREMAN Burners Automatic COAL

all types of coal Sizes up to 750 b. h. p.entirely acceptable and quite the proper Objectives For

thing. If succeeding presentations The objectives underlying the year's

CO. MFG. FIREMAN IRON levels, thereach only mediocre same activities are:

Ore.; Cleveland; Toronto. Portland,

girls satisfied arethese and boys and St., Cleveland, to Mall West 106th 3259 Girls'the publicize BeeHive First: To

Ohio.standards be formed which may may stakes, wards, organization, and making folder, in illustrated Mo- "Warmth

life.affect their after whole versatility the of pictorial description conscious and Send of Unit tion,"with communities

The General Boards are extremely values of its program. Heatmaker.

desirous this year that all of our enter- (Concluded on page 682) Name

Address.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1939

basis. Silver Jubilee Swarm Day. Stake

basis.Mutual Messages June: Silver Jubilee Commemoration. A

historical planting spot; of a to an to trek provide Second: a new impetus To

tree of dedication or shrub; BeeHive athe exceptionally wellthrough program

special eventsplanned which will be outBee-Hiveetc. Wardcampbasis.spot, outdoor fireplace, in the lives the girls.standing of

July: Silver Jubilee Summer Camp. Stake to those give honor Third: have who To

basis. in are serving of the theserved or ranks

Silver Jubilee Story Festival.BeeHive organization. August: Ward basis.

Program for Silver Jubilee Year September:Stake basis.Silver Jubilee Double Party.

Silver ProJubilee October: Assembly this throughout every During month

basis. gram. Ward year, there is toJubilee be one special Silver Jubilee Honor Service. November:

event on either a ward or stake basis. Stake or ward basis.

The responsibility alternates between stake and ward BeeKeepers so that Note the great variety of activities.

there will be ample opportunity for Each one offers a new challenge. Ineach to plan and carry out an exceptionterest will run high from the opening

ally fine event. While the three above Announcement Buzz until the Honor

objectives may be a part of each occaService in November.

sion, you will notice that the events emphasize first one and then another Each month there will be presented, of these objectives. in this column, suggestions for the coming events.

January: Silver Jubilee Announcement

Buzz. Ward basis

February: Silver Jubilee Fun Fest Buzz.

Stake basis. BIRD OF PREY

March: Silver Jubilee Sunday Evening

Service. Ward basis. (See program in By Queena Davison Miller

Executives'Handbook.)

April: Summer Camp Fund Drive. Stake trouble nested deep in my heart

to tear claws and beak and ward. me apart; With A

friend gentle loving with a But a wordMay: BeeHive Week, beginning with

Silver Jubilee BeeHive Breakfast. Ward Made a quiet end of the evil bird. / TOt/a/otmG/?EAT

The Advertisers and Where You Will Find Their Messages - - - jvoBmmp

Fuel Mountain Supply 699 Milk 688 RedCap Arden Co In the woods, eat where men States 692 Implement Mountain Co. Beneficial Life Insurance Co breakfasts, hearty the lumber Nalley's, Inc 682 - Cover Back is jack king. of the tables On of Culture..688 Beauty School Ogden the in West, panUniversity where homes 684 Brigham Young Consolidated Mining Park Utah start waffles cakes the day. and Burlington 649 Route 688 Company is of the Jack king breakLumber Co., Publishing Choir 683 The 644 Pembroke Company fast syrups. breakfast grand Leaf Clover Dairy A 693 Company of Culture..703 School Beauty Provo that syrup, pancake makes any Metals Co...684 Reduction Combined of Culture..644 School Beauty Quish waffle better one. skimp- a No Consolidated Machine & Wagon Baking Royal 683 Company it on! For Jack Lumber 695 ing—pouror - Co Salt Company....651 Hardware Lake is of the West's one most economContinental 687 Oil Company Salt Stock Yards Lake 688 Union It's ical flavor you'll syrups. a Daynes Music 646 Company Shell Oil Company... upon. remember and depend Denver"Rio Grande & Western Inside Front Cover

for your grocer ask Railroad FOR ECONOMY, 644 Silver Coalition King Mines Co—641 or, the prefer, 5 pail, No. if you Deseret 676 Book Company Ice Snelgrove Cream convenient jug. the 703 mm Deseret Press News 702 Stokermatic 698 Co

Draper Poultrymen, Inc 697 Sugarhouse Lumber & Hardware

Everett Piano Company 697 Co 641

Federal Schools, Inc 690 Three Diamonds Brand Fancy

First Security Corporation 694 Crab Meat 675

Ghirardelli Chocolate Co 683 Tintic Standard Mining Co 698

Grain Globe & Milling Co 674 Pacific Union Railroad Co 652 Lumber Hillyard Chemical 687 Co Stages Union Pacific 685

Hotel Lankershim 701 United States Smelting, Refining

Hotel Utah 703 & Mining Co 686

Intermountain Knitting Mills 691 Utah Copper Company 700

International Harvester Co 645 Utah Engraving Company 701

International Smelting & Refining Utah Home Fire Insurance Co 651

Co 680 UtahIdaho School Supply Co 646

Interstate Brick Company 643 Utah Oil Company 647

Iron Fireman 681 Utah Poultry Producers'CooperIronrite Ironer Company 689 ative Association 685

KSL Radio Station Utah Power & Light Co 648

Inside Back Cover Utah State National Bank 695

L. Business College D. S. 696 Walker Bank & Trust Company..650

Landes Tractor Co...701 & Equipment Washburn 6 Condon 701 ingNote:imitationLumbermapleJack,flavor,with isitsa pleasblend

Levi Strauss 649 Western Royal Vacuum Cleaner

Miss Saylor's Chocolates 693 688 &of I.finesugarsugars.are Largeused quantitiesin the making.of U. Co

of Morning Milk 675 Z. C. M. 1 703 Made by NALLEY'S, the PerfectInc.—ManufacturersDressing and other TANG,

QUALITY FOODS

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1939 fVVVVVrWWWVWTTWFWVWVTTV* THE RED CROSS Faced with a growing demand for Red

Cross assistance to the stricken populations of Europe's warring nations forand a need strengthening its domestic operations, the American has emSelect (Jour lilusic flow For Beverages Red Cross barked greatest on the musical organizations membership camChoirs andpaign since the World War. beginning active work andoi theneedChurchnew For Baking are now

Dessertpride stimulating. For We take is obligated Cross The the Red Treaty by music—something

S. L. D. presenting ourof to assist in alleviating Geneva the sufin Making music. list onof quantities.outstanding 10% discount

ferings of war. success of Roll Call The

this year will gauge the amount of assistance ANTHEMS the American Cross give can the sick Red The Lord's Prayer—Gates

and injured of war, the that and comfort My Redeemer Lives—Gates. 20c16c

can be brought to refugees and noncom- Gates Anthems 60c batants fleeing the danger zones. Let the Mountains Shout lor Joy—

At the same time the Red Cross must Stephens 15c be prepared to continue its battle against Oh, My Father—Stephens—.. 15chuman suffering in this country. The Red Eight Favorite Anthems—Stephens

Cross has been constantly increasing its Doz. $4.00.

volume of service during the past few years.

Along the nation's highways, in the homes FOR WOMEN'S VOICES of the underprivileged, in hospitals, military My Redeemer Lives—Gates 18c stations, schools and at the scene of disResurrection Morning, Cantata—Gates.

aster, the Red Cross is facing a challenge (This composer's latest and finest work) for greater service. The Bridge Builder—Dougall 18c

The Lord's twelvemonth period The extending Prayer—Gates recipe calls the Roses and through of this June year to this brought Lilies—Stephens 15c16c Whenever

... chocolate largest the for cocoa or country in of disasters number

history. Tornadoes, floods, hurricanes, mine OTHER MUSIC call on Ghirardelli's Ground

Choruses, Sacred Male explosions, its in calamity and various Voices—Corngrat- There's no wall 75c Chocolate. forms struck in 157 in states. communities 43

waste. no Cornfield ing; no melting; No. 3 Melodies (Male TTBB) the In meeting for assistance need the from

disasterstricken areas, the Red Cross asGates 18c You save time, steps, dishes! sisted 130,000 persons at a cost of $2,- My Old Kentucky Home—Gates276,109. Wheelwright 16c

(Special arrangement for concert SSATBB) GHIRARDELLI'S

Order at your dealer direct mail us.Who Runs or byfrom

the Business World? SAY GEARAft-DEltr

(Concluded [com page 664) will supply the leadership; they will

be able to say the word and to answer the demands of the hour.

There is an honorable place in the world to and each of a work for us For Fresher Bread Tomorrowit, if for prepare are do if we we ready when opportunity knocks. A

happiness, man's his his growth, freedom, his emancipation igBUY TODAY from norance and degradation of characROYAL ter lie along the pathway of honest Royal Bread stays fresh longer.

struggle.

How do men get to the front? In addition, it has that natural,

There is nothing magical, remote, substantial bread flavor you or mysterious about it. It is no enjoy. Ask for Royal Bread

sleightof-hand performance. It is by name.

the result of vision, work, more work, and the exercise of common sense.

m&h Blackfeet Blood *: Fl N E

{ Continued from page 668 tinent.... Here we find the famous Sun BreaD

all its intricate in preserved Dance mysFRESH EVERY DAY AT YOUR GROCER'S teries Indians as unsullied yet outby by influences. side in this find dance And we ROYAL BAKING COMPANY—Salt Lake and Ogden the lifted the to highest Indian woman

honor that can befall any member of an 100% HomeOwned

Indian tribe, a position which relatively has never been reached by any woman of civilized society. two hundred years ago—declare They have an independence, proOne sometimes hears members of they were "not like other Indians."gressiveness, and rugged integrity

these Blackfeet tribes—they were They glory in what they feel is their and sense of honor that at once

one tribe and one nation perhaps superiority, their distinctiveness. (Continued on page 684)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1939 it is just that point which has group A: there are two kinds of A Blackfeet Blood And

( Continued from page 683 inspired this discussion of this inknown as subgroups, and desigmark them the "aristocrats of the teresting tribal people, for there is nated A x and A2. This division into

plains."They are a tall people, the more to this remark than idle boast. blood groups is based upon the

men averaging over six feet in Research scholars are making some power of the serum—the strawheight; they have more than ordiimportant discoveries in their study colored fluid portion of the blood

nary intelligence; and, as mentioned, of the Indian, notably in the field of in some individuals to clump the red

they have guarded with jealous care immunology, a branch of science in blood cells of other individuals.

the ceremonialism of their fathers, which is studied, among other things, These blood groups are hereditary although many now have become the blood groups and their implicaaccording to welldefined laws in

Christians. tions. the same way that skin pigment and

Such are the Blackfeet, a group other characteristics are inherited.

of native North American tribes Tt should be recalled in passing Furthermore, their percentage disthat are attracting unusual interest that all human beings belong to tribution differs in different races and today among scientists and students one of four blood groups now interpeoples. It is because of these difof Indian life and culture generally. nationally listed as A, B, AB, and ferences and because they are hered-

"Not like other Indians,"they say. O. To be more specific concerning itary that the blood groups are important in tracing the relationship of

peoples.

Among the scientists making vital contributions in this field is a Utah research man and teacher, Dr. Gustave Albin Matson, recently of the SPIRITUAL FOMDATIOIS department of zoology and bacteriology of the University of Montana

Brigham Young University is unique as an educational at Missoula. It was while at Misinstitution because it has the distinct spiritual foundations soula—Dr. Matson is now on the of Latterday Saint principles. staff of the University of Utah—that

Construction of a new "Religion Center"which has begun recognizedDr. Matson studypursuedof thisthe nowbloodwidelyrelaon the campus of the university epitomizes this spiritual fountionships of the Indians of Northern

dation. Its erection will be remarkable because it is both Montana and Southern Alberta. In

a Church Welfare project and a project for the spiritual welCanada he was assisted materially fare for thousands of students who attend this institution each by the Indian Department at Ottawa year. and the Canadian National Museum. His most recent published

Physical Journal Anthropology of recently reprinted were in bookBRIGHAM YOMG UNIVERSITY andfindings appeared in the American

PROVO, UTAH let form. Blood specimens were

livtaken from of Indians hundreds Scholarship—Character—Spirituality ing various reservations, on a task

demanding not only patience but also tact and resourcefulness.

But the search proved richly rewarding, for it led to the establishment of the fact that the Blackfeet Our Contribution of Montana and the related Blood to the Welfare of the Intermountain Country and Piegan tribes of Alberta are

During 1938 essentially of the same blood group.

But it proved more. Says Matson:

UTAH, NEVADA AND IDAHO OPERATIONS Although the Flathead, Cree, Sarcee,

Wages and Salaries Paid $1,300,000.00 and Stony Indians reside on reservations

Payments to Lessees and Contractors.. 575,000.00 $1,875,000.00 vations,in close theseproximityIndiansto differthe Blackfeetmarkedly reserfrom

Electric Power Purchased. 294,000.00 the Blackfeet and related tribes in the disEquipment and Supplies Purchased 895,000.00 1,189,000.00 tribution of the four Landsteiner blood

groups. Whereas the fullblooded Black-

*Freight Paid to Railroads 740.000.00 feet are predominantly group A, these other

Payroll Taxes, Industrial Insurance and Other Taxes tribes resemble most other Indians that have

Paid 208,000.00 been examined, in that they belong preSmelting Charges Paid, exclusive of Metal Losses, dominantly to group O.

Refining and Delivery Charges 1,225,000.00

In other words, other and Matson 1938** EXPENDITURES. TOTAL $5,237,000.00 scientists probengaged on the same of freight from products. on bullion produced

for 'Exclusive* 'Estimate actual figures year 1938 on based for 10 months. "island,"lem as it have found an

were, of group A blood in an "ocean"

By Combined Metuls Reduction Company of group O blood. How this hapSnyder Mines, Inc., and Associated Companies pened is a subject that challenges

E. H. Snyder, Manager Felt Building further study.

But there is yet another interesting

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1939

Blackfeet Blood

phase of this subject, this "Blackfeet interest special of Blood."It is one

to Saints, Latterday have who beJnere 6 ometnin9 aoouibout em the to attracted of anstudy come cient American peoples and their Let it not be said that we wish to intimate that eggs have perrelationship to the Polynesian races. sonality, but when you speak of "Milk White"Eggs most houseIn this connection we are indebted wives certainly agree that they're tops! Milk White Eggs can't

to The Improvement Era for pubtalk but they can certainly speak for themselves when you use lishing in its January ( 1 939 ) issue them. Try them next time... there is something about 'em!

an enlightened speculative treatise, "Lehi's Route to America,"by C.

Douglas Barnes, Ph.D., suggesting a THE BEST

link with the movements of the progenitors of the Polynesian races and In EGGS! dethe disappearance of Hagoth

scribed in the Book of Mormon.

Now comes this additional light.

Quoting again from Dr. Matson's

recent article, he says:

Subsequent work (Levine, Matson, and

Schrader, '35; Matson, Levine, and Schrader, '36) the Blackfeet among has not UTAH POULTRY PRODUCERS'COOPERATIVE ASSOCIATION original confirmed our only observation,

but has shown also that of the putative full bloods who belong to group A, practically 100 per cent are Ai. This is unusually high and agrees with the observations of Nigg ('30) among native Hawaiians (of 237 group A, 100 per cent were

Ai) in which people there occurs also a high percentage of group A (60.8 per cent.) TRIPS FOUR This interesting blood group parNOW!

allel of the Indians between tribes Blackfeet the EVERY DAY to LOS ANGELES and CHICAGO native of the and

Hawaiians an entirely may furnish AIRCONDITIONED. Stages.. Union Pacific make A GAIN important to the approach andnew BUSES! tm headlines! travel Beginning November ancient migraofstudy American

tions. To say the least, it is a sig- 1, 1939, these big, modern SuperCoaches BIG 4-POSITION SEATS1

nificant finding. will make FOUR through trips every day to

Los Angeles, and to Chicago via Omaha, ABOVETHE-TRAFFIC

Des Moines and Davenport. More convenient VISION!

The Editor's Page than ever for short trips, too! Plan now to

( Concluded from page 655 make every trip this lowcost, luxury way. DOLLARSAVING

living God has no right to be in this FARES!

Church. That revelation to Joseph

Smith is the foundation stone. If Joseph Smith did not have that interview See your local Union Pacific bus

with God and Jesus Christ, the whole agent for complete information.

Mormon fabric is a failure and a fraud.

It is not worth anything on earth. But

God did come; God did introduce His

that ordid inspireSon; God man to UNION PACIFIC STAGES Christ,ganize the Church of Jesus and

all the opposition of the world is not able to withstand the truth. It is flourwas that he was one of the finest, one to think of it as of more value than

ishing; it is growing, and it will grow of the most wonderful men she had anything else in all the world, and that

more. ever laid eyes upon. She knew as she is what it is. To know that if we keep

I know beyond a shadow of doubt of knew that she lived that he was a the commandments of God we shall go the divinity of this work in which we prophet of God. And she knew that back into His presence; to know that

are engaged. It is one of the joys of Brigham Young was his successor. we are joint heirs with Jesus Christ if

my life at home and abroad, in private Why? Because she was in Nauvoo we only live the Gospel; to know that

and in public, to testify that I know as when Brigham Young stood up and was this is truly the Gospel of Jesus Christ well as I know that I live, that God transfigured in voice and form before is worth more than anything else in all lives, that He hears and answers our the people, and the mantle of the the wide world.

prayers. He has heard and answered Prophet Joseph fell upon him when I pray God to bless each and every

mine from childhood until the present Sidney Rigdon, in good plain English, one of us who have the knowledge of day. He heard and answered the tried to steal the Church. the divinity of this work. May we

prayers of that beloved mother of mine. May the Lord bless us and guide us grow and increase in that knowledge,

Under the inspiration of the living God by His Spirit. So far as I am entitled and above all, may we live it, that our

she planted in my heart a love of truth, to do so I pray God for His Spirit to lives may proclaim it, and I ask it in a love of God, a love of the Prophet bless each and all of you. I pray God the name of our Redeemer, Jesus Christ.

Joseph. Her description of that man for you one and all to love this Gospel, Amen.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1939

if it taking, the the the steps, but inascended would and as HeBrigham Young's Eyes worth sure the said: safety of our him, Dick behind closed adored door Grand-

(Concluded from page 663) pa. "I wouldn't let anybody hurt my

avenue of mulberry trees that ran Adoration I think it must have Grandpa."

past the schoolhouse, down the been, for we knew then no adoraHe had spoken what was in my steps into the roadway that is now tion beyond him. full heart.

State Street, through the big gate Reluctantly, almost sadly, we The spirit of a sovereign's guardsinto the BeeHive yard, down the came to the end of that sweet pilmen pervaded our souls; solemnity

rocky hill past the weatherbeaten grimage. Pausing a moment and held us. Proudly and soberly we

iron pump to the Lion House steps. looking at us as though he were walked away in the gathering darkWith those strong, tender hands on piercing the depths of our souls, he

our shoulders, and in that magnetic smiled, as only he could smile, and ness.We did not fully realize then that

presence, we sensed the valor and said: "Thank you for being my we had guided the footsteps of a

strength of those old heroes who eyes; I do not see as well as I once Prophet of God, but what we did

guarded the kings of ancient Israel. did; be good boys; God bless you; know was the sweet elation of havLife seemed but a bauble hardly good night."ing been Brigham Young's Eyes!

cross. to plateau climb in dragging stumbled one bag, the and JustThe Cable

felt shoulder. other Zeke he could go no farther when on his

( Concluded from page 667 his horse began to move without "Bad going?"asked the posturged the beast down the trail. Never urging. Zeke swung a long leg over master, overcasually. "I wouldn't

had the way seemed so long. Zeke the pony's back and put his head let Dick go out today."

was blinded by the storm. Twice down on the snowy mane. The "Oh, it was a little rough. I

he lost his way to find himself on horse had decided to go home. The thought I had missed Dick on the

dizzy rock ledges. Once he had to night grew pitch black, snow swirled, way. Pshaw! Why wouldn't you

scrape through many inches of snow but step by step the horse kept on let him go? Well, I'll be getting

to identify his markers. the wellknown trail. Klop, klop, along. I'll take the mail out in the

Noon came, but he met no Dick. klop, he trudged down the long hill morning, but this time I want a

"That means,"argued Zeke, "that and the last three miles were as horse."

he went up the trail when I was nothing to the hungry boy on his Zeke strode away into the storm, floundering on the rim."After many back. The dangers of the trail were head up and unafraid. A boy when

hours he reached Cottonwood over. he left the Shunesburg Hill, he had

Spring. It was growing dark alLate though it was, there were conquered the storm to come home

ready, and there was the high lights in the postoffice when Zeke a man. The End

FORTY SEVEN percent of Utah's people receive their support from the mining and smelting industry.

THE DAYS ARE GONE for rich surface discoveries and mining today is a complex problem requiring scientific mining, milling and smelting. United States Smelting Refining and Mining Company is continuously doing substantial work in

development of mineral resources of the West, and also it employs upto-date treatment methods at MIDVALE, UTAH, PLANT.

HUNDREDS OF MEN are employed by this company in its varied operations, making a payroll in Utah exceeding $2,500,000.00 annually.

Substantial taxes are paid and large volume of electrical energy is used for power purposes, while its railroad freight bill is one of the two largest in Utah.

THIS COMPANY purchasing annually materials and supplies approximating $1,- 500,000.00 is an important part of the mining industry, which with $3,000,000,-

000.00 volume is the fourth largest in America.

SATISFACTION WITH PROMPTNESS is assured to new shippers the same as now enjoyed by hundreds who have and are now shipping their ores and concentrates to our Midvale Plant.

UNITED STATES SMELTING, REFINING AND MINING COMPANY

General Office Newhouse Building Salt Lake City, Utah

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1939

Christmas Music for ServicesChurch (Concluded from page 646) HAPPY AMIVERSARYFrom Sacred Choruses for MaleVoices arranged by J. Spencer CornTHE IMPROVEMENT ERA!

wall: Our Congratulations to you and your founder on another successful year of consistent

Page 17—While Shepherds Watched. progress!

Page 24—O, Come, All Ye Faithful. Since 1907 HILLYARD PRODUCTS, too, have progressed steadily to meet the growing

From the Church Chorister, on page demand for 9, page 56, and from page 83 to the end FLOOR SEALS. FINISHES, WAXES, CLEANERS, DRESSINGS.

there are many numbers appropriate for DISINFECTANTS and MAINTENANCE MATERIALS

Christmas, several of them of the carol that point the way to Improved Maintenance and therefore to lesser cost of upkeep. Contype. These selections are of a dignity sistent use of Hillyard Products by thousands of schools and colleges throughout the West

consistent with any organization's is conclusive proof of service and satisfaction given.

Christmas program. If more advanced Our Utah District Manager is well qualified and always ready to help plan your maintenumbers are desired, there are two very nance Program. Consult without Obligation.

fine selections in the Carl Fischer Anthem Collection, namely:

Good L. L. Christian Men Rejoice—Arranged by

Street 328 West 2nd South Whitehead. TelephonePARRYWasatch 5722 Salt Lake City

From Heaven I Was Sent to Earth OR

Luther. HILLYARD SALES CO. HILLYARD CHEMICAL CO.

Deseret Anthems, Volume II Distributors St. Joseph, Mo.

Behold a Star Appeareth—Robertson.

If the choir is even more ambitious and wishes to have something in cantata form, "The Manger Throne"by Manney and "Bethlehem"by Maunder will very foundbe melodious and effective Drain, Refill, and difficult. not tooand

YouthTempering OILPLATE Struggle erOILPLATINGthan any oil everis readycan flow—soonerto lubricate soonthan

( Continued from page 662 "instantly!"—because patented Conoco

other power's knocking him from the Germ Processed oil forces oilplating ladder of success. Strength and into a durable bond with the engine parts.

"joins to the parts! up"oilplating They side, travelstruggle and the side by

can't drain of dry They're oilplating.inevitable struggle of reward

in slipiness"all all is "bathed night, day, strength, integrity, character, manin all weather, even at a standstill.hood, and womanhood. Success is

not an endowment, but an achieveThat's why oilplating lets your enment; it is not a gift, but a victory; gine slide into swift, safe, dragless acit is not a bequest, but a conquest! tion, instead of letting it suffer. Slash

Let our children know we are with starting wear; stretch your time between

them, not to protect them from hardquarts to the limit, by changing to Your ship and toil, but to fasten their Mileage Merchant's Conoco station today CONOCO GERMhands a little tighter to the rung of for Germ Processed oil. That's your way

truth, that they, through their own to oilplating. Continental Oil Co. PROCESSED. OIL

efforts, can build for themselves.

As parents, we are youth's counselors and teachers. Our dream is five or fifty years ago. Have we evil, designing men who are trying

that they will succeed spiritually. reason to doubt? If so, it is because every day with enticement, power,

We are the dreamers and must make we, and not the Church, are failing and money to sell momentary hapthe dream come true! to do our part. Youth will hold piness, thereby having this replace

We need not be afraid of the outhigh the ideals and faith of their lasting joy. They are now withcome of youth if the home is assumparents. This generation should standing some things and maintaining its responsibility. The training produce the strongest and finest ing a better balance than some of the

which the Church is giving, coupled group that has ever been known to older set. Thus, the struggle of

with parents'carefully planned the Church. Why? Because in maintaining the straight course, of

counselorship, will determine to a obtaining spiritual strength and passing through the fire of temptagreat extent their future. I am congrowth, they will have gone through tion and the theories of men, will

fident in the future of the youth of the hottest fire of temptation ever make them polished shafts among this Church. Consider what the known to man! They will have their fellow men. It will make them

Church is providing, and then conwithstood a multitude of theories of powerful instruments in the hands sider the increased number getting learned and dishonest men. They of the Lord to bring about the conthis training as compared to twentywill have withstood the snares of (Conctuded on page 688)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1939

YouthTempering Struggle! THE FUTURE {Concluded from page 687) summation of His purposes in comARDEN PROSPERITY ing years.

OF ALL THE The Lord Himself has said that the Gospel never again would be REDCAP

People of Utah taken from the earth or given to

Will largely be determined by the another people. Is it not then our

growth and prosperity of the Mining right to believe that youth will carry of the State. Industry on? Lord when knew The He made

Infor the prosperity Without Mining that that the MILK promise even though is dustry for there to search no incentive develop and new ore deposits to replace struggle would be intense and the those being exhausted.

Metal mining normally adds more than fire of temptation consuming, yet $100.00 every man, annuallywomanto theandgrosschildincomein theof theregle andwouldfire, emergeyouth fromunstained,this strugsea- FINER FLAVOR State.

The commission faith, average or earnings courage, soned with AND QUALITY and hope, capital, furnishing the management ready to hold high the standards and risks taking the andfor to discover and convert hidden deposits into mineral useideals will be of His Church. They ful wealth is about the gross value 5% of

of the metals produced. to fill prepared in as they are needed.

The value of the metals produced is They will give more richly than they wealth, is distributed most of which new for labor supplies, circulated and and have received. They will have

recirculated through all channels of learned that each step taken and H THIS trade.

each responsibility given them have COMPLEU obtained by struggle and to their PARK UTAH beencording worthiness and acCVS*,tM CLIANIN0 faithfulness. aV#*"*7 OUTFIT CONSOLIDATED

MINES COMPANY PARK CITY MINING DISTRICT Thoroughbred

Summit and Wasatch Counties, Utah {Continued [com page 660) of the hip and around the back that New improved Model it appears that one turn might unof the famous ROYAL

Royal The LUXE.

Hand Brush Revolvingf ities,joint them,never neverare nimblehave onstayingfoot, neverqualDE Cleaner. "IfFiliiiir

show great endurance. ut\ L--;x{ti$ilji'%:::

North Salt lake TheyHis taperedhips wereawaylongfromandthesloping.end of

the loins so smoothly and gently that

Your EVERY DAY one scarcely noticed the connection.

for inside were full and large both CASH MARKET HOGS They ACT and out. muscles sloped These and—CATTLE SHEEP—

into the and completely hock Truck Lots—Car Lots or joint,evenly firm which broad and was and NOW more. clean, having galls sign of no wind $39.95 FOR BOTH puffiness, or everything that tended Commission Bonded. PRICE REGULAR 61.90 it to bulgy having or clumsy make acting promptly you Firms, By with experienced COQ 0. R for only been can have bred away. BOTH 90wiw3

cleaner) to old your salesmen (And secure Top joint the to the hock From down

Dollar for your Consignankle, the even bone wider and was Western Royal ments. firmer that foreleg, than of the and

Selling on an open, the cords seemed to be even stronger Vacuum Gleaner Go.

and larger from the knee to the 175 EAST BROADWAY

City, Utah Salt Lake Wasatch competitive Market means ankle. This perfect hind leg was Telephone MORE NET DOLLARS. neither too straight nor too crooked; 1448

it had sufficient bend in it to insure strength and forward movement, and a beautiful slope which insured ENROLL(Commence Later if Desired)NOW elasticity and activity. This great

Discount Complete on a IN CULTURE BEAUTY COURSE School SALT LAKE III Accredited A State hindhorse—'thequarterlocomotivewas the powerthat ofdrovethe $25.

ever forward. Every step was

Culture There no paddling. of Beauty was School Ogden STOCK YARDS straight. Theatre OGDEN, UTAH Over Egyptian is of the description This in short

North Salt Lake my first saddle horse, the thoroughName >- bred. Address City State

{Continued on page 689) THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1939

THOROUGHBRED HeLow different from the andFinallywithI gotconsiderablemyself into troublethe saddle,reyellow, whitefaced, glasseyed, leased foot the horn. from my Why Ironers round, meatyjawed, thicknecked,

I shall never cease being thank-

I I that horse pigeyed imagined ful intelligent for this horse. Notfirst in place. the wanted notBut

his spirit his withstanding high and all withstanding this the of beauty ability run, intelligence to he had

I little perfect could animal appreNeed this to that understand enough was

I until ciate acquainted him became the to time not run but rather the Ends with him through use which grew his time friend preserve to obey and

I friendship, until into affectionate to trust trusted as he him that our ranch on our I remember fast friends, became we learnedme—until his life. colt father that brought a black he other. the each understanding

I remember one of the first fast wanted me to break, but this colt to get go determined and was away that I rides ever this thortook on to back him I followed his home.

I reoughbred. heard had cowboys

thoroughbred. on I was As my late stories of coyotes, roping and

I had a keen desire for this experipassing him I remembered that he attitude of kicking, in the and

I ence. in the desert day saw was One

until the that was last I remembered lasso to a I determined coyote and him. I turned my horse in his direc- I woke up on the ground, with my

tion and rapidly overtook him, until favorite horse's head bowed over me just at the moment when I intended as affectionately as a human being.

to slip my rope down over the coyHe had stood there, nobody knew long, for to waiting recover me ote's horse stepped with how head my

I the kick that received from had front feet into a blindboth wash.

I colt. this finally fleeing from manyou a blind what know wash Do

is ease and Speed of ironing to on him and to work way my it is is? is all aged that a Well, wash needavoiding by for accomplished go home. bedfast back I wascovered with nounderbrush and less motions. With comtwo 690) (Concluded on page

tell it is that there. canbody So pletely open, unobstructed and

I did not blame my beautiful comusable ironing ends, you iron panion for putting both feet into with equal ease on right or left this blind wash and turning comHOLIDAY side. Largest tablecloths, curtains other and large pieces are pletely front of the over in coyote, By Florence Hartman Townsend ironed without creasing or in opposite the turned backwhich wrinkling. the entire By using

direction. Some of these mornings, not far away, length of the rolLheat is evenly

for I'm going holiday. excitedly abroad horse good a jumped My cold spots that distributed—no hill, the fences, the over Over greatto his feet a as if he had made hold up progress. guaranWe the the as fog Just and dew distill. tee you'll for reprimistake satisfaciron to which be he would your

Ironrite. an Try did one so Imanded, as he found and

I shall the fragrant in clover. not pause actually see why you his heels. atthat head was my I My flies shall bird not pause a when over. today—needtion ontwo ends. openfoot to securely fastened hill tree was the Clover and and bird and

horn of the saddle. The stirrup Are commonplace, every day things to me.

Priced thestrap horn in gone around had From $8995 But, oh, I shall go where the blue waters that impossiblesuch a way it was IRONRITE was chosen race, for me to get my foot loose. Far from the fields to a holiday place. Mission Home by W. A.for McDonald.California

I have often wondered just what A wide mighty river, a mightier sea, IRONRITE was chosen by President would have happened had this horse Are waiting to show their enchantments to Jones for the Arizona Temple.

had narrow, piglike eyes, with a me. Ask for free home demonstration

at sullen Auerbach's ear. lopped, in Salt jaw andheavy Lake, Schoss

I shall halt the lap where waves Electric the Read in Ogden, HuishIf this description of There the been had Electric sand, in Provo, Appliance R&M favorite horse not I should in Salt be itmy or it Lake Montrose's in Logan. taste Smell and and feel with hand my

I tell kind called The the story.here to of flowing coolness; shall find on But

Demonstrated at the Golden Gate the shore thegently which "Spunk"International by name Exposition,

Bldg., Homes and Gardens starfish—and Treasure Island, San Franciscohe was affectionately known Seaweedmore. and seashell and

throughout Southern Utah. He

as iflooked understood. around he

I still to stand told him and I rubbed AllI shallof findmy shacklesfreedom; andtherebonds,I shall ifloseI choose. See Your Local Dealer, or Wire

I'll self, be just other my own inside of Rather, the and up hand down E.WILKINSmy GORDON

Escaped from dusty 3100 a long stay on the TELEGRAPH AVE. I leg.his Finally hind reached up

shelf; CALIF. OAKLAND,

tail firmto and, a his taking hold on this, raised myself to where I could Steeping my soul in a holiday cruise, reach the saddle strings, talking to Laying up joys that I never shall lose, him all the time and trying to let him Remembering ever how late sunset slips mistcovers water on and ships; that I did him, not blameknow that GoldenI'll bring with everthem back me—mine that it could not have beenI knew more

helped and that it was not his fault. A sea and a ship with my heart for the shore.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1939

THOROUGHBRED (Concluded /rom page 689) superior he was. If I could get withnot trustworthy, that he had no intwo weeks, but I always felt that I in any reasonable distance of any telligence, no endurance, and no afmight not have made the trip home band of mustangs he could run fection.

if my horse had been yellow with a through them from the last horse to After ten years of hard riding in glassy eye and a bald face and a the first and I could take my choice, the cow camp I was induced to enter black stripe down his back. My faand many and many a time I have my horse in prize races. His favorite horse was a solid bay, no done it; but what a disappointment, vorite distance was a mile and a half,

yellow streak in his skin or nature. after extending this great horse for and no horse ever started with him

After years of experience with this the purpose of roping another, to that could finish with him. When

horse I learned to love him with lead the mustang home only to find he turned into the home stretch of increasing affection. I roped many a that he was a cold blood, that he had a mile and a half his eyes would be

mustang on him and I learned how a yellow streak in him, that he was fairly sticking out of his head. His

foretop would be flashing as if fired by electricity and his determination was supreme. It became a wellknown fact that any horse that

turned the last quarter of mile and a half with "Spunk"was doomed to finish last.

This experience with an intelligent horse that was properly built for speed and endurance had as great an influence on my life as the experience and benefit that comes to one from having a true, faithful friend who endures to the end.

By this story of a thoroughbred,

I should like to impress upon young men and young women the fact that we can choose our own way in life.

We can be thoroughbreds or mustangs. We can be true to our parents or we can drag their very hearts

out by our disobedience and unkindness.

Which will you be? Would you

be a thoroughbred to endure to the end, to be kind and grateful, or do you choose to be common and inferior? God has so ordained it that

in the human family we may take our choice. We may be solid color ME! or we may be spotted and blemished.DRAW to be? The choose you What do

girl and every that TRY FOR A 9/tttG/UCoti/iM. decision boy

If you like to draw, see how well you can copy this girl. Send us RULES makes as to the kind of man or womcontest only This open you'll drawing. your win something you've no doubt means or be that she would he an to years 16 amateurs,

art is free. training, This an contest always wanted amateur an old or more. Profes-—Perhaps everything to than parents more artsional commercial hesitate to enter. don't so

ists all School Federal and in world. else the you That may

eligible. students arenot for Five Prizes Best Drawings FIVE COMPLETE - ART none to and thoroughbreds prove be girl 1. of drawing Make outfits. including FREE, of drawing (Value COURSES wide, inches pa- 6 on is the Vi streak yellow of a show you course, wide. inches $195.00.) per 7 each Draw

letterthe only girl, no sincere wish of your storyteller.

If sufficient merit shows your drawins FREE! you ing.

a cjrading will also receive as to our opinion and or pencil only 2. Use

it art indicates talent whether worth developing. pen.

Commercial Artists play an important part in industry today beings.3. We return no drawcause design, color and illustrating help sell most merchandise. 4. Print your name, adMen of Tomorrow

(town, artists fine, It's a are for well career those dress paid in demand. Such county, (Continued from page 661 state), occupation age,

If skill brush. their train or with pencil draw, don't you can who of drawing. on back

waste this rare gift. Train yourself to do work for which nature has 5. All drawings must be Perhaps there are those who will

fitted you and which few people can do. Developing natural abilreceived1939. by Oct. 31st, say that all these things are matters

is trained ity to a large success. have the of young number way We will Prizes be awarded of for the consideration too mature

in profor best to drawings of earning capable yearly up $5,000.00 and women now men I insist that you mind. youthful by the portion neatness and test artists. a to as the rules Here's your talent. chance and Read FacSchools Federal the persons just the are to know drawing. ulty. us your send

facts. Study them and combat them,

for if you are to grow up in the world at it is, a chance have as you mustFEDEgftL SCHOOLS IPC. it should least it the world to make

10759 Federal Schools Building, Minneapolis, Minnesota (Concluded on page 693)sr S.

That modeled Look That Sets you Apart..

BELOW: A dashing exhibit of how an IKM 3-piece Ensemble can be individually created to enhance charm

and personality. Herringbone tweed jacket, smartly tailIKM ored with four patch pockets... gaberdine skirt with

KNITS plenty of freedom for walking... sharkskin blouse with

mannish collar and tiny jet buttons to add the ultimate touch of perfection to this charmingly casual number.

ABOVE: Another IKM "Fashion's Finest,"depicted in a new combination of English tweed

and ratine. A striped silk vestee adds just the

right touch of color. And a novelty belt fastening on the jacket, helps to make this style a

"must have"this season.

A card dropped in the mail saying you would like to see the full range of styles will bring a bonded representative to your home.

INTERMOUNTAIN KNITTING MILLS, Inc.

J. Edwin Nelson, Pres. and Gen. Mgr. 1879 Washington Boulevard—OGDEN, UTAH

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1939

jv THE OLIVER ROW CROP With Mounted 2 Way Plow

MORE FOR YOUR MONEY

—strong, smooth power from the famous Oliver sixcylinder

highcompression engine—protected by brication—variable speed governor control,full theforcefeedFuel-Miserluthat regulates engine speed to power needs, saving fuel all

the time—Oliver exclusive Tip Toe Wheels that cultivate

patented clear view, along—the

for planters, SEE THIS NEW RUBBER TIRE asnondrifting,they surefootedlysure-hold stepmounting cultivators and

SPREADER... other tools; available only on a sturdy Oliver—automatic

Here's the modern streamlined Oliver Susteering brakes, selfadjusting clutch, automotive type steerperior Spreader. Designed exclusively for ing, comfortable seat, accessibility of all parts, in fact every

feature that farmers like most. lowcost in weight tires—lighter Furnishes dependable, low cost power for drawbar, belt lighter against shocks rubberpull—cushioned takeoff jobs. for and power longer traction ice, in snow, mud, life—betterto

sand or ordinary soil conditions. Users say

two horses can haul it easily almost anywhere. OLIVER MOUNTED TWOWAY PLOW

Strong, nonweaving, rust resistant ingot iron this itself in Has proved country. easily. Handles Bases to box. Easy handle. Three models—fourraised tractor or lowered with level power lift. Runs and wheel horse or tractor. tractor and twowheel

See this splendid new spreader before you allytakeswell.a full Askcut. forTurnsa demonstrationgrain stubble onandyourweedsownexceptionfarm. buy.

ttl VlUt Eleven companyowned branch stocks MOUNTAIN STATES IMPLEMENT CO. IE 1139

plus our wholesale distributing stock at and Ogden OGDEN, UTAH many local dealers assure you good service. Please send information about the following:

OGDEN, UTAH BLACKFOOT, IDAHO LOGAN, UTAH Crop "70"Tractor REXBURG, Row IDAHO Tools Q Hay MURRAY, UTAH TWIN FALLS, IDAHO Oliver Superior Drills No. 7 Spreader Grain SHELLEY, IDAHO RUPERT, IDAHO

PRESTON, IDAHO BUHL, IDAHO Mounted TwoWay Plow Q

FALLS, IDAHO IDAHO Name Ui/iJiJ-*Ito: few good territories for live A open RFD I farmimplement and farm dealers. supply Write for us

details. City state

IT'S BETTER TO BUY AN OLIV R THAN WISH YOU HAD

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1939

Men of Tomorrow ( Concluded from page 690

be, by knowing the facts. This is a yourbattle in which youth must take con- /make

trol, building constantly a growingarmy in which there shall be no [thanksgiving quarter with the forces of darkness.

worst enemy, your andCrime is the I DINNER it is corruptgeneral commands who politics. It must be your swornduty as men of tomorrow to do or > A SUCCESS

die against this filthy crew. It is

your job to clean up America! (this YEAR /

I think of the more than a million clean - minded, staunch - hearted

Scouts who, day by day, steadily approach closer to the threshold from which they step into what I hope is the management of this nation's affairs. From your ranks will come executives, legislators, governors. I

have no doubt that somewhere in SERVE your vast organization... is one

or more Presidents of the United

States. UNUSUAL

that I hope in the heart And of CHOCOLATES spiritevery is that there one of you of contest, of ambition, of energetic zeal and desire for the betterment of his fellow man which makes each They're delicious and so wholesome everybody one of you say: "I shall be that

man. I shall rise to the greatest will enjoy them. Fresh! At your favorite store.

position in all the land. I shall be

the President of the United States, giving my life if need be to build

Our America ever closer to the clean, wonderful dream of our forefathers."No young man could strive

for the attainment of more that is Follow The noble and worthwhile and enduring. t/afequat'ded

will achievements Your be heartalliance neverendingened with Safety First Diet by a the things that are good and noble. Safety depends largely on good eyesight tiifttoiMr ways

As we survey "the world of tomorand good eyesight depends on a sufficient row,"we face the changing world of supply of vitamin A in the diet. Dairy products

today, punctuated by the traditional are rich in vitamin A—and when you use

virtues that never change. The Cloverleaf Milk you also get an extra supply

toothprotecting vitamin D bonebuilding,greatest of these is character. In of

Milk is enriched by with which all Cloverleaf your conquest of life, if you would irradiation with ultraviolet rays.

be victorious, you must dedicate your thoughts and your energies only to It costs no more than ordinary milk those activities which strengthen character. You will be a better man

if you love your home and your church. Keep yourselves physically Perfectly Pasteurized Grade A b**33*

strong, mentally pure, and morally Irradiated Vitamin D Milk straight.... HOME OF FINE DAIRY PRODUCTS

Never forget the words of theBoy Scout motto—"Be Prepared."

Always remain true to the Boy In Time of War ofconcern.our national life. It is not our

Scout oath, which means, in simple {Continued from page 657) The fathers of our country warned terms, Be a good citizen, Be a good Who shall dominate Europe is a us against the allurements and the man, and Be a good American question that has been in our interdangers involved in such a question

First, last, and always. national situation from the beginning (Continued on page 694)

.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1939

IN TIME OF WAR

war, cloud in any way your judgbe engaged in frequent controversies,—a question(Continuedwhichfrom ispagerelatively693) no might happen in such a defensive relation,"wherefore, "Europe mustnearer to us now than it was in their ment. We are relatively better able the causes of which are essentially

day. The question is of no more to defend ourselves today against foreign concern.""Why, by interimportance to us now than it has aggression by a foreign foe than we weaving our destiny with that of

been for a hundred and fifty years. have ever been before in our whole any part of Europe, entangle our

The dominant power could always history. peace and prosperity in the toils of

us if it wished. war onmake A hunSane Advice est,Europeanhumor,ambition,or caprice?"rivalship, interfifty yearsdred and were ago we

one of the weakest of the weak, "\\7ashington in his farewell adJefferson said: "Our first and

and the hazards to us of such a war dress declared we should have fundamental maxim should be never were great; now we are one of the "as little political connection as posto entangle ourselves in the broils

strongest of the strong, and the hazsible"with Europe; that Europe had of Europe; our second, never to

ards of our losing a defensive conflict a "set of primary interests"with suffer Europe to intermeddle with almost nil. Do not let fear of what which we had "none or avery remote cisAtlantic affairs."We should follow these admonitions. There is neither reason nor

excuse for our entry into this European war. Its issues have for us

no vital interest. Wise statesmanship will keep us from that war.

What We Must Expect HOME OWNERS \X7e may expect that every means,

You can add to employment be devisedboth fairby hating,and foul,desperatewhich men,can fighting for their lives, will be used to into this war. drag us must not We

at and benefit Yourself, too.. accept value; its face anything we

must question every statement, careYes, Mr. Homeowner, everything awaits your fully examine every incident. Such

is war. order to "start work"remodeling, repairing, Rarely indeed are mere violations repainting or modernizing your home. We ofwar.neutralityAlways legitimatethere is conflictcause befor

can provide you with financial aid for these tween neutrals and belligerents, the and other purposes. neutralspeacetimetryingtrade andto preservecommerce,theirand

each belligerent trying to prevent all intercourse with the other belligerent.

vessels, consearch of Seizure and Wtoy. It)* S&hvsL yon? fiscation inof cargoes, are normal

cidents of war. After the war is

FIRST SECURITY BANK OF UTAH over, the belligerent is called upon

With branches at Ogden, Logan, Provo, Bingham, Magna, to pay for the infractions of neutral

Park City, Richmond rights, but war is not resorted to even to compel these payments.

FIRST NATIONAL BANK One thing more, an armed vessel,

OF SALT LAKE CITY whether it be a merchantman or a

With branches at Sugarhouse and Tooele regular battleship, is considered to be a vessel of war and subject to all

FIRST SECURITY TRUST COMPANY the hazards of war. Neutrals using

SALT LAKE CITY such vessels either for travel or for cargo purposes use them subject to

FIRST SECURITY BANK OF IDAHO allgationthe ofdangersvesselsincidentof war toon thethe navihigh at Boise, Blackfoot, branches Emmett, Gooding, With Hailey, seas, and neither they nor their govMontpelier, Idaho Falls, Jerome, Mountain Home, Nampa,

Payette, Pocatello, Preston, Shoshone ernment can legitimately complain of the eventualities which may overFIRST SECURITY BANK take them.

ROCK SPRINGS, WYOMING America's Neutrality

America, multiraced and multinationed, is by tradition, by

MEMBERS OF FEDERAL DEPOSIT INSURANCE CORPORATION geography, by citizenry, by natural sympathy, and by material interest, {Continued on page 697) THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1939

1 ag g ac- i a c- a:c.ac ax a c a sr ac a g cr t

J

\i QUALITY MACHINERY disdpA. (pJwduaL Qualify. (f/wpA.

To help you we bend all our efforts toward getting the best merchandise to be had at prices you can afford to pay.

Distributors JOHN DEERE HORSE AND POWER EQUIPMENT.

"PLANET JR. SEEDERS AND CULTIVATORS.

BEAR CAT HAMMER MILLS.

MYERS PUMPS—POMONA PUMPS.

u "GENERAL TIRES—RADIOS AND BATTERIES.

HIGHEST GRADE LIGHT AND HEAVY HARDWARE. >J

u Consolidated Wagon & Machine Company

UTAH:-: IDAHO WYOMING

1 2r 2T azs: IE 22= 2T:=te as: 2T 3H 2T 3CE 2Z

REPORT OF CONDITION OF

UTAH STATE NATIONAL BANK SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

AS OF OCTOBER 2, 1939 RESOURCES LIABILITIES Cash and Due From Banks $10,374,894.73 Demand Deposits $12,918,390.87

U. S. Securites (par value) 3,362,300.00 Time Deposits 2,271,824.05

State, Coun. & City Obliga'ns..$229,700.00 Total Deposits—$15,190,214.92

Railroad Securities 23,812.50 Capital Stock, Common 500,000.00

Public Service Securities 38,912.50 Capital Stock, Preferred 250,000.00

Foreign Securities 4,425.26 Purchased byStockholdersOur Own Common

Other Securities 1.00 Surplus 315,000.00

Stocks 17,491.50 314,342.76 Undivided Profits 516,614.74

Total Cash and Liquid Assets $14,051,537.49 Total Capital Investment 1.581,614.74

Loans and Discounts 2,436,229.75 Total $16,771,829.66

Federal Reserve Bank Stock.... 31,950.00 OFFICERS

Banking House 228,000.00

GRANT J.W. Furniture and Fixtures 15,222.57 243,222.57 HEBERORVAL ADAMS Executive Vice PresidentPresident

RICHARD W. MADSEN Vice President

Other Real Estate 3,723.18 STEPHEN L RICHARDS Vice President

WENDELL Other Assets 5,166.67 ALVIN C. STRONGM. SMOOT Vice President Asst.and CashierCashier

JOHN W. JAMES Asst. Cashier

Total $16,771,829.66 FREDLANE RICHW. ADAMS Asst.Asst. CashierCashier

ALL ASSETS ARE UNPLEDGED MEMBER FEDERAL DEPOSIT INSURANCE CORPORATION

THEIMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1939

L. D. S. BUSINESS EDLLEBE—a school dedicated to the service of yooth.

One purpose—to help young men and young women to meet the problems of modern life. One policy—to provide equal opportunities for all students to improve their qualifications and to

secure, as far as possible, suitable employment.

A thousand traditions—of service, industry, sacrifice, achievement—extending over more than fifty

years of progress.

Airplane view of worldrenowned Temple Square and its environs. The L. D. S. College buildings

and grounds lie just beyond and to the left of the Temple spires.

L. D.S. BUSINESS COLLEGE

70 North Main Street Salt Lake City, Utah

Day and Evening All the Year Ask for 'Bulletin o/ Information"

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1939

In Time of War ( Continued from page 694 @on5idet Tkele Tact* filtout the great neutral nation of the earth.

God has so designed it. Drawnfrom all races, creeds, and nations, The Orgatron

our sympathies run to every op- i. Produces true, natural organ tone liturgical, glorpressed people. Our feelings enious, inspiring.

gaged on opposite sides of great dif- 2. American Guild of Organists Specifications (double

their inferences, will natural organists are All course, manual). "at home"at its console.

if restraint, held in proper due and required. arrangements No special

neutralize the one the other. Directed in right channels, this great 3. Designed specifically for church use.

body of feeling for the one side or 4. May be used equally well in churches of every size...

the other will ripen into sympathy whether they be mighty cathedrals or small chapels.

and love for all our misguided and 5- Cloister style console which fits in perfectly with misled fellowmen who suffer in any church architecture.

cause, and this sympathy and love 6. Original cost within reach of even the modest budget.

will run out to all humanity in its Over 80% of all installations require no more than woe, thus weakly shadowing the standard equipment. (Prices start at $595 f. o. b. facinfinite compassion of the Master. tory for the single manual, $1510 for the double

One of the great tragedies of the manual models.)

war now starting is that every peo- 7. No extra installation cost. Maintenance cost negligible.

in itple have engaged now been led 8. Proved unquestionably of churches, by use in hundreds

fullyinto their it without knowing chapels, residences, conservatories, schools, etc.just where they were bound. The

representative -will The Orgatron nearest you are largely innothemselvespeople demonstrate the various of the models this slaughter.cent of God will not gladlyOrgatron us for Write for you. inforcomplete

forgive betrayal of His children by mation, literature and copies of "Orgatron those who rule over them. World."There is no obligation.

As the great neutral of the earth, Orgatron Division, Dept. PC

America may play a far greater partin this war; it is our duty to play EVERETT PIA O COMPANY

a far greater part, than merely imSOUTH HAVEN, MICHIGAN "Established in 1883"partially to carry out our neutral obligations under international law towards those who come to our shores for trade and commerce or otherwise. It is our solemn duty to play

a better part than we can do by participating in the butchery. DRAPER QUALITY FEEDS

America's Influence For Peace great the only has todayA merica are WDRTD MDRE... force national moral and influence for peace left in the world. We

have lost much of what we once had Through the years our Feed Department has amply demon-—we lost it when we permitted the strated its worth

looting at the Versailles peace table;

we have since then lost much of what 1—By producing superior Draper Quality Feeds.

diplomacythen remained by our in 2—In supplying every feeding need for the feeder. thethe conflict rival war between

lords of the Far East and by our 3—In purchasing the raw ingredients in volume, where

scolding protests to and when obtainable, thus effecting a savings for Europe—protests largely motivated by matters the producer.

policy their domestic purelyof which 4—In purchasing on the basis of Quality, not of price.

legal not of our and properwere this thouoi our customers Since the organization department have saved many weconcern, matters have which we oi stabilized dollars, in feed prices addition, reasonable sands have to more and affairs in ournever own American scientific levels. research experiments constant helped to produce and have us Our

permitted any other nation even to better balanced, more efficient feeds.

question.We of this Church are qualified DraperImprovementPoultrymen,Era on itsInc.,fortysecondand the Draperbirthday.Egg Producers'Assn., congratulates the

expert witnesses on this question.

Twice driven from our homes, plundered, robbed, murdered, our leadersslain, no foreign power, and no race, DRAPER POULTRYMEN, Inc.

creed, or group raised their voices Midvale 194 Draper, Utah even to whisper in protest against our treatment. Nor was this silence

(Continued on page 698)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1939

IN TIME OF WAR ( Continued from page 697 stroyed, and thousands upon thouour own government. We lived or

lives lost, of sands refused died, were suffered, or prospered we we webroken, nearly cen- a half when, listen to to even representations determined as us by our between and later, tury the Federal Government alien to powers, designed put an end government. of Family NaThe itself confiscated property, our which conflict. to the ever have tions prinexist other cannot Nor any on we partially only recovered.we We tolerated complaints ciple foreign all their from in than matfreedomnever of foreign asking dreamed certain governments ters miscarpolicy, inabout of domestic can nor

to intervenegovernments bein our riages all justice of heretofore states; dividual too of the existence and

half. patriotic loyalty to the Our in certain this frequent all areas of states sofor ordering the of due

birth,country of land, native our our is country. ciety far of than importance more

this. not allowwould suffering the of temporary any

Furthermore, when the North was Freedom in Domestic group, large or small, within a state.

arrayed against the South in a strugGovernment Every state, member of the Family gle of life and death, when property ll of these matters were between of Nations, must be its own masteron both sides was ruthlessly de- A us—the people concerned—and as to its own nationals. We have

always claimed this right unqualified for ourselves.

Our plain duty to humanity and

Our Contribution to the Development toourtheCreator,cause ofrequirepeace,thatour wedutypreto serve the moral force and influence of the Intermountain West wewe nowhave have,lost, andthat thatwe regainthen wewhatincrease to the highest possible point

Based on 1938 Figures: this greatest of all instrumentalities

for world peace. If we become parOur average monthly payroll was $56,300.61, for side,ties toto thisdetermineworld war,the presenton whateverissues

10,417 manshifts per month. of the war, we shall lose all this moral

We paid railroads, smelters and refineries $952,618.99. power and influence, and sink with

the world to the level where just

Of dividends paid, 61.41% was paid to persons living our brute might shall be the sole and

in Utah. only measure of our strength. This

would be an appalling prostitution of our heritage.

TINTIC STANDARD MINING COMPANY warringRememberingpeoples havethe factbeenthatled thealthis their blindly into most by war Mines—Dividend, Utah Main Offices—Salt Lake City, Utah

it things governments, two would seem we might now do that would at once build up our moral power and influence for peace.

Demands for Peace non'tSentenceYourWife "pmST, we might well insist, as the

President has already urged, that

Shovel Slavery all the belligerents give up and abanCoal don the plans of their general staffs, fo so to wage this war as actually to

Furnace firing by hand will soon be exterminate peoples. We should reThe only stoker with a relic of the "wifeslave"days. quire under penalty of the closure

the "silentunit drive"Stokermatic firing does it far better of our ports to the offender, that the... which is guarand for iess... and helps pay for itself principle obtaining prior to the

for. three anteed it saves., as as it serves observed, should be World War

... other years and civilian population the that the Stokermattc Company namely, Mfg. by features. important the children, the sick, and women

THE STOKERMATIC COMPANY the aged, and the infirm of the war1415 South State Street ring nations shall, so far as possible, be protected; that indiscriminate

bombing and the bombing of unfortified places shall not be engaged in; that actual hostilities shall be

waged only against and between the armed forces of the belligerents.

Should any belligerent not have access to our ports and be therefore not (Continued on page 701) THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1939

JHLe wished that His Wife Would Forget How to Talk—

Till she gave him that night a financial shock!

Mr. Jones was all set for an evening of quiet. "Gas heat!"he cried out as he threw up a hand,

With the papers to read far into the night. "How that could save money I can't understandl

And so he relaxed in his favorite chair.

But something began to get into his hair "I know that gas heat's in a class of its own.

As he started to follow the news of the day. With cleanness and comfort that we've never known.

His wife kept on talking—with nothing to sayl I'd like it, but really the cost is too high

For an income like ours ever to justify."

He stood it a while, but he finally sighed, "Can't you see that right now I am well occupied? But she was all ready, this smart financier;

If you really have something important to say. She showed him their bills for the previous year

Go ahead—but if not, won't you please go awayl"For this fuel and that, and the total was not

Altogether as low as he always had thought.

"All right."she replied, with a mischievous grin,

"Let's talk about something you're interested in. "You see,"she went on, "if we used gas for all

Expenses, for instance—I've figured out how Of the four household jobs, our expenses would fall.

To cut them below what we find they are now."The cooking, hotwater and 'icebox'combined

With modern gas heat would be less, we would find.

"I'll listen,"he said, "but you'll have to show me. After all, it's the total that counts, don't you know;

Just what is your latest Scotch thrift recipe?"That is why the true cost of gas heat is so low."

"The easiest thing that you ever have heard—Mr. Tones then confessed, "I believe you are right

fust put in gas heating,"she winsomely purred. When you say things like that, I could listen all night.

When you use Gas for all four household counted for $4.43 per month. This left an avercost for gas heat of only $3.47. ilutamutlc needs—cooking, waterheating, refrigeration age monthly

fuel that of the take care can Gas is the ONLY advantage and have the househeating—you

It is the needs. automatic 100% ONLY in of a low rate. As an example, a typical four

househeating fuel.

sixroom Utah home last year, the average Why not start enjoying clean, convenient, aumonthly gas bill was $7.90. But of this amount, tomatic gas heat nowl You can have a new

cooking, waterheating and refrigeration acgas furnace on easy terms.

MOUNTAIN FUELftUPPLY COMPANY

36 South State Salt Lake City SERVING TWENTY THREE UTAH COMMUNITIES

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1939

Bringing Money Into Utah

i

An Ore Train at the Utah Copper Mine, Bingham Canyon

Mining is the chief source by which money is brought into Utah. Ores are mined and smelted here and then shipped to outside markets

where the metal is sold.

The money is brought back to Utah to buy supplies, meet payrolls, and keep the State functioning.

WARD C. HOLBROOK, PRESIDENT OF THE UTAH STATE FARM BUREAU, in a recent article says:

"Through the sale of products of the mines, most of which are sold out of the State, NEW MONEY is brought into Utah. In fact this is the MOST IMPORTANT MEANS by which NEW MONEY

is brought into our State with which the purchase of goods produced elsewhere is made possible.

For this reason, mining becomes very important in btiilding our State, especially in maintaining a favorable trade balance.

"Farmers, particularly those producing fruits and vegetables, have long been aware that when miners are employed the demand for their products is greatly stimulated with a favorable reaction upon prices."

UTAH COPPER COMPANY is the State's leading producer of wealth for Utah. To the end of 1938, this company has

spent nearly HALF A BILLION DOLLARS for:

Wages $128,000,000.00

Supplies, Power and other, (representing in major part wages paid by others) 182,000,000.00

Freight, Smelting, Refining, Etc., (representing in major part wages paid by others).. 142,000,000.00

Taxes—Federal, State, County and City - 45,000,000.00

$497,000,000.00

UTAH COPPER COMPANY

Use Copper—The Everlasting Metal

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1939

In Time of War ( Continued from page 698 )

subject to the penalty, nevertheless the observance of the principle by his foe at our behest will give us the moral power to secure this foe's observance.

Second, having in mind our position as the great world neutral, and remembering that the peoples of these warring nations have been led into this conflict largely unwittingly, and therefore are largely blameless, we should announce our unalterable opposition to any plan to starve these innocent peoples involved in this conflict—the women, the chilfirm—anddren, the sick,declarethe aged,that whenand theactualinand bona fide mass starvation shall

come to any of them, no matter who they are, we shall do all that we properly may do to see that they are Taxpayers like to see "Caterpillar"furnished with food. On the present

outlook one cannot be sure which Diesel Engines, Diesel Tractors and side will finally need this sort of relief. And if in such an effort we

should come to the last extremity, road machinery purchased by governone can think of few more righteous causes for war itself than such a thathigh service to victimized, suffering ment bodies—because they know

humanity.

We shall, if we act wisely on the their money is well invested and that full information we can obtain, be able to forestall any deceit or subeconomical results are certain.terfuge on any account or on any

ground by any belligerent because of a false or simulated or selfin- flicted starvation.

Effective Mediation

Tf we shall rebuild our lost moral Distributors of power and influence by measures "CATERPILLAR"such as these which will demonstrate Diesel Engines our love for humanity, our justice, TrackType Tractorsour fairmindedness, our determinaRoad Machinery'TRACTORLANDES& EQUIPMENT CO.

tion to do works of righteousness as

God shall make them known to us, we shall then be where at a fitting Headquarters - 245 West South Temple, Salt Lake City and promising time we can offer mediation between the two belligerents, and bringing our moral power influence into action shalland we OFFER.... WEA COMPLETEhave to bring a fair chance end an

SERVICE ENGRAVING Missionaryto the criminal slaughter of our felFrom lowmen and to give birth to a peace catalogues.portraits to the largest

that shall be lasting, because just Mail Orders Given Prompt Attention.

CO. UTAH ENGRAVING fair to every people.and Surely

Regent St. Salt Lake City, Utah this PRODUCERS 113is infinitely will honorable, more

have in it infinitely more of humanSALES AGENTS ity, will be infinitely nearer to the

Master's way, than sending our young sons overseas to be murdered. I HOTEL LANKERSH1M

7th & BROADWAY America As Peacemaker UNION STOCK YARDS DoubleESTABLISHEDBed Choice (DoubleRATESor Twins)

America, the great neutral, will Los Anqeles Stockton $2.50FRANK R. WISH0N,$3.00 President$3.50

thus become the Peacemaker of So, San Francisco LOS ANGELES (Concluded on page 703) 'TWO PERSONS -ONE CHARGE.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1939

SOLUTION OF OCTOBER PUZZLE Scriptural Crossword Puzzle - A Memorable Day (Ex. 12:51)

F "R o B Y 1 T $ M $

l M E A A E s K N A L T $

1 1 E 1 -R D R N L $ S A N N A E T $1 V T E $E $8 T H E E L D E R s Si H

T E s s E N E A I $ 1 B N A H A A & L E F E R 1 M P & H A N D C fe B T A 1 N E B C E s -R u F E F E W V & *1 N E L s E l V F > R

F i L T E 1% 1 N <*.P E $ A Si G O D R E P -R <N0.*T

3tlC stx: K

/I Sew and Practical Binding Development

a, (Bsit&h Way.

To Keep Your Current 1 "-... the sabbath day"ACROSS3 7 Defile (rare)

Magazines.. 128 SonIn theof Shem;tenth hedaywasof a. 12.. reversedmonth"38 One(anag.)of Solomon's men; aim

13 Epoch 39 One of David's men; air (anag.)

Here is a new and convenient 1514 "And"... up,this and...getshallyoubeforth"unto you 4241 "the"they feastwere. thrust.. unleavened... of Egypt"bread"

way to keep your magazines as for a memorial"43 A substitute sacrifice Gen. 22: 13

they come in, orderly and readily 16 "to be observed of all the children 44 "according... he hath promised"

... their Israel generations"of players of 46 Group It consists accessible. of a durable,

... letter that every Greek 49 man must that 17 "save attractive cover, so devised they spoiled... Egyptians"eat"51 "And

twelve issues of THE IMPROVE19 Australian plant; gaban (anag.) 53 "In one... shall it be eaten"

MENT ERA can readily be placed 21 Look to Egypt for example 54 Bone in noses therein, ready for convenient read22 "thus shall... eat it"55 "the... of the house"Mark

ing. 2325 "And"Drawit...... andto pass"take you a lamb"56 Common14: 14 frogs are in this genus

This binder eliminates the con28 Mother 58 "ye shall take a bunch... hysfusion on your reading table which 3031 Roman"We begodall dead..."59 "livessop"bitter with hard..."

is apt to result when your various 32 "get you forth... among my

current magazines are left to lie people"Our Text from Exodus is 1, 8, 15, 16, about loose. 35 "speak unto Pharaoh king of..."53,17, 58,22, and23, 25,59 combined32, 35, 41, 42, 51,

We can supply covers for holdDOWN ing twelve current issues of any 1 American Indians 29 Rolled up (Sp.) 2 note Old 33 River publication, Church other (and

"with what measure Perhaps ye 3 34 publications as well), at surpris-.. to give Printer's. unto.."your good. measure 4 "how 36

prices. ingly low children"5 of India Province

Write for further information, or 6 Judah'sthe sightson ofwhothe "wasLord"wicked in 37 Thirdthe landking wasof Judah;quiet ten"in years"his days

call at our office for a demonstra- 7 Crude 40 David's nephew 2 Sam. 17: 25

tion. 8 Wheat (Sp.) 45 Russian measure; soft (anag,)

9 Sound made by one intoxicated 47 Seventh king of Israel; "he took

10 Suffix used on names of peoples to wife Jezebel"11 Japanese measure; direction 48 Prefix signifying "one"

cJne LOeseret 1 ews 1816 "AndIn Christ'sPharaohname rose(L.) up in the 5052 WithOlympianme goddessthis makes home comchildren the of Israel, unto used in early Christian 55 "speak 20 Vessel

...3Kress night,..., and all his servants"plete that they church forward"

29 Richards Street 2224 YelpSolitary,(Scot.)a combining form 57 ThisAmalekitesrepeated whois a wasking defeatedof the

Salt Lake City 26 Judge and spared by Saul 1 Sam. 15: 8,

27 Augmented fifth; neat otter 9

DtK. * ** ZXfrC (anag.)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, NOVEMBER, 1939

In Time of War (Concluded from page 701 ATTEND the world, which is her manifest desProvo School of Beauty Culture tiny if she live the law of peace. The School Where the Promise is Kept

Believing as we do that America is II East 1st No., Provo, Utah

Zion, we shall then see the begin- A Life's income for a meager investment ning of the fulfilment of the prophecy Fill in coupon for further of Isaiah of old, "for out of Zion shall informationPhone No.or2

go forth the law,"a law of justice, mercy, and righteousness, adopted by the nations of their own free will.

One more thought and I have finished. Remembering that throughout all history dread diseases have

followed the devastation of war, when peoples are exhausted and malnurtured, remembering what at the of the endhappened World tells flu, us SOCIAL CENTER OF THE WEST the reason withWar that if this war drags through years, Your Every Wish for Comfort and Convenience we must be prepared for a visitation Fulfilled in This Truly Great Hotel of plagues that will almost surely take a greater human toll than the For Your Pleasure itself. will strike plagues Thesewar The Beautiful EMPIRE ROOM

the peoplearmies but back + not only, home as well. They will reach + The Famous UTAH COFFEE SHOP

The Informal RENDEZVOUSAmerica.

(from $2.50 with The Safeguard of Right Living 500 Modern Rooms

T-Tow much science can do, we have Bath) yet to learn. It tardily coped The ModerateYou'll LikePriceswith the flu. We have but one

sure means toward safety from such plagues—life lived in accordLord.?i. of the the revelations withance H

chastity, eating, temperance, T O O MCareful TB E S,E MenacingL UTAHDirector GUY the nonuse of things forbidden, sobriety, industry, proper rest and sleep, nonexposure, and, in general, right living in all things give us the right to ask the Lord that the destroying angel shall pass us by. He

who breaks down his body and his resistance to disease by riotous and wicked living may hardly hope to escape affliction and suffering. It

may be that we shall see a time, if this war shall drag into the years, that "except those days should be shortened, there should no flesh be saved, but for the elect's sake those days shall be shortened."(Matt.

24:22.) May God bless and preserve this nation, set up in accordance with

His plan and will; may He keep us

from the horrors and ravages of war; may He help us all so to live

that we may with clear consciences always seek His blessings, I ask, in the name of the Savior. Amen.

wealthy... they just buy "I\o, they aren't ("o) Sue: their clothes at ZCMI!"

Betty: "/Vo wonder they always look so prosperous."

LET'S SAY IT CORRECTLY HOUSEHOLD GRAMMAR 'Saskatchewan. "Do you have any trouble with shall and will? Dear Friends: Kipling

find that there is a controversy out here among the mission- "No, the wife says you shall and I say / will."

I aries of the North Central States as to the correct plural form when speaking of the Book of Mormon. Some contend A MODERN SALESMAN

that it should be Books of Mormon while others are equally sure it is Book of Mormons.... "So you're a salesman. What do you sell?"

Surely the "Let's say it correctly"column would condescend "I sell salt. I'm a salt seller."

to settle such a dispute. Your brQtheri "Shake."

C. C. Spencer SUFFIXCIENT EVIDENCE

Book titles, strictly speaking, can never be made plural in The dusky highwayman stepped out in front of the elderly the regular way for the pluralizing of nouns; for instance, when colored brother.

one wishes to state how many of the reading course books "Thro up you'han's, boy,"he ordered.

have been sold, one would have to say, "Thousands of copies "Ah cain't; Ah got rheumatics,"replied the other.

the sold since Dr. have Link been of Rediscovery of Man by "You kin—Ah got automatics,"said the highwayman,

or, Sisters of "Copies by Corof its publication,"time Three sternly.

nelia Spencer are available at the book stores."The title, "You win, Mistah, you win,"he said as his hands went up;

"Bible,"which has been so commonly made plural, has no "looks lak you''atics'is de stronges'."

accepted plural form in English. Consequently, if we wish to

of copies in speech, precise should our say, "More be we the THE ARGUMENT'S OVER the although than in sold Bible Germany were Kampf, of Mein latter is prescribed reading for all Germans."The same rule Him: "You know, dear, I've been thinking over our

should hold for our other Church books: copies of the Book argument and I've decided to agree with you."

of Mormon, copies of the Doctrine and Covenants, copies Her: "Well, it won't do you any good. I've changed my

of the Pearl of Great Price. mind."

JOHN NEBEKER AND THE TOQUERVILLE STRAYED

COTTON GIN Lady: "I sent my little boy for two pounds of plums and

half."a a and only sent pound. Laketown, Utah, Sept. 11, 1939. you

all right, are scales Clerk: madam. Have you weighed D nr h "My

INI waslookingsurprisedover totheseeSeptemberthe picturenumberof the ofoldthecottonEra gin{p. house536) your little boy?"

that my father, John Nebeker, built in Toquerville. His name is TOO MANY RIDERS

not mentioned... With his wife, Mary Woodcock, my mother,

he made a home on the same lot with the gin house. Mother Abraham Lincoln, asked to describe the funniest sight he

riding said it Irishman a burro. Kicking at ever saw, was an piece small raised first cotton gathered the spun and there. A

its stirrup. foot in the caught a fly the burro lace it in of crocheted the State I placed of it, and was made

Capitol, where some of the looms, etc., are now.... "Begorra, an'if you're gonna get on Oi'm gonna get off,"

I am the 21st child of John Nebeker and the only one that said the Irishman as he dismounted.

is alive. I was born May 29, 1869, in Toquerville, and was lulled to sleep by the sound of the water turning the old water WHEN IN ROME

wheel of the mill. I have spoken to Brother George Albert Teacher: "Have you heard of Julius Caesar?"

in several times this Smith being place about marked memory sir."Pupil: "Yes,

father... I feel of honor. deserved such an he my Teacher: do you think he would be doing now if he "What

Kearl. Zettie (Signed) Nebeker M. alive?"were

Pupil: "Drawing the old age pension."

Dear Dr. Widtsoe,

Just a line to tell you that as a returned missionary I appreOVERDID IT!

ciate your splendid "Reconciliations"in the Era. In my

opinion you are performing a great service to the youth of the "You seem very feeble,"observed the medical examiner,

Church who desire to meet the world's store of knowledge with suspiciously.

a wholesome attitude and a basic philosophy which can reconcile "Well,"wheezed the applicant for life insurance, "the discovered fact with the revealed word from the Lord. agent nearly talked me to death before I signed up."

Again I thank you for the service you have given me as one of the many who look forward to each issue of the Era and JUST WAIT!

quickly turn to "Evidences and Reconciliations."Mandy, a colored woman, was eating her lunch, when a

J. Robert Buswell neighbor came in with bad news.

HUNTINGTON BEACH OVER THE TOP FIRST powerful"Mandy,"badthenews.visitorYo'warnedhusban'her, has"preparejus'beenyo'selfin defo'worstsome

Business Manager Orton reports as follows: accident."

Attached to this memorandum is a letter written by Mrs. "Lan'sakes!"exclaimed Mandy, "ef Rastus am dead yo'

Marion Nicholson, dated August 16, in which she enclosed shore am gwine to heah some awful wailin'soon as I finish dis ten subscriptions to The Improvement Era. meal."

This places the Huntington Beach Ward of the Long Beach

Stake "over the top."Their quota was eight and they turned

in ten the subscriptions, being first ward in the Church to CORRECTION its this secure year. full quota for

SINC ERA LY YOURS Attention is called to the introductory paragraph of article Cecil of Destiny,"E. the by "A Man

closing phrase to has for a letter our brought been for appearing Improvement OcMcGavin, Era in The Anew the of attention the Director communication from on a Era after tober, not the vision 600: beheld Nephi page

think it's enough good We of the the shores but while to pass landing World,""upon New himself: Brother signs Egan in of the valley Easternon—and StatesperhapsMission.to adopt. Lemuel. still in the World, Old

Sine ERA ly your brother, Merritt H. Egan, Era Director

E all are proud of "The American

Way of Doing Things."For here,w

enlightenment and understanding are watchwords of progress.

Columbia's "American School of the

Air"is a powerful voice of the American System. It brings the living world

into the classrooms in the form of important national and international events and of the finest dramatic and ON THE musical talent in our country. It opens AIR

the portals to "Frontiers of Democ- 1:30 p. m.

racy", "Folk Music of America", KSL "New Horizons of Geography and Monday

Science", Tales from Far and Near", through and "History and Current Events."Friday

KSL proudly presents THE AMERICAN SCHOOL OF THE AIR to the

Intermountain West.

AFFILIATED

WITH THE VOICE 50,000 OF THE WEST WATTS KSL.

-mob w& BET HOW FARE HIS LOVED ONES?

wmmmmmtfmk

y

IT "W. q t JM

F/>"entries keep S.

eternal vigil at the tomb I of the unknown soldier.. but

who feeds the hungry mouths of a widowed wife or orphaned children?

Wife? Children? Hunger? Want? Futile

questions, perhaps, but practical, also \>.. and a daily reminder to us, if

we will, of the need for national and individual security.

JrwAuwcvrice?. Mm

IMSllEAMlifn m BMW A ifW J.Grant.?t Salt Lake City, Utah

A