N THIS ISSUE—SEPTEMBER, 1936

HEBER J. GRANT STEPHEN L RICHARDS Volume 39 Number 9

JOHN A. WIDTSOE RACHEL GRANT TAYLOR ReturnSALT LAKEPostage CITY,GuaranteedUTAH

WILLIAM R. PALMER ESTELLE WEBB THOMAS

FRANKLIN D. ROOSEVELT

The Democratic Nominee ALFRED M. LANDON

The Republican Nominee

Haskell -Henderson KSL PRESENT;

The 1936 POLITICAL CAMPAIGN In our nation there are times when public interAn a soberthinking people, the American citiest and concern are centered on a common probzenry are today concerned with making a sound lem. This year, more than in any other within choice in their leaders of government. Radio

the recollection of the present generation, the is a great and a powerful voice in helping shape

American people are confronted with such a this decision. KSL, through its own facilities Broadcasting affiliate the of Columbia as and an Third, and Novemberproblem. Between now

will of the issues campaign the bring System, will Parties Democraticthe and the Republican to asImpartial, hopes into every home. KSL

present their doctrine of political faith to the sist in presenting a complete analysis of the—theelectorate.LibertyThe League—theNational UnionTownsendites—thefor Social Justice problemsKSL offersthethiselectorateservice asmusta trulydecide.American confollowers of Father Coughlin—all will join in the tribution towards selfdetermination of your

cry for attention to the doctrines by which they own convictions. Keep turned to KSL for the

feel the people of the United States should be presentation of the 1936 campaign in the State governed during the succeeding four yars and in the Nation.

THE VOICE OF THE WEST

Heber J. Grant,

John A. Widtsoe,

Editors Richard L. Evans,

Managing Editor Marba C. Josephson, Associate Editor Improvement

George Q. Morris, General Mgr.

Clarissa A. Beesley, Associate Mgr.J. K. Orton, Business Mgr. SEPTEMBER, 1936

"The Glory of God ia Intelligence'"THE VOICE OF THE CHURCH"OFFICIAL ORGAN OF THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS,

MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS, DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION, MUSIC COMMITTEE, WARD ERA

OTHER AND AGENCIES OF THE CHURCHCOMING TEACHERS,OF JESUS CHRIST OF LATTERDAYIN OCTOBER SAINTS.

THE RETURNED MISSIONARY HOW DOES HE STAND IN HIS COMTABLE OF CONTENTS

MUNITY?

HOW DOES HE STAND IN THE CHURCH? Lshurch creatures

HIS CIRCUMSTANCES HOW DO WITH HIS ASSOCIATES COMPARE WHO A Domestic Sugar Supply Hcbcr J. Grant 523

HAVE NOT FILLED MISSIONS? A Belief that Welcomes All Truth Stephen L. Richards 527

AT WHAT AGES IS HE MOST ACThe Articles of Faith (Number Six in a Series) TIVE?

WHAT IS HIS ATTITUDE TOWARD John A. Widtsoe 532

WORD OF WISDOM OBSERVANCE? Journal of Archer Walters (Part 2) 544

THESE AND OTHER VITAL AND Landmarks in the Netherlands Mission T* Edgar Lyon 546

INTERESTING QUESTIONS WILL BE ANSWERED IN THE OCTOBER ISSUE The Church Moves On, 554; The Story of Our Hymns, George D. Pyper. 556; Priesthood: Melchizedek, 564; OF "THE ERA"IMPROVEMENT IN Aaronic, 565; 567; Mutual Messages, 568; Ward Teaching, ARTICLE DEALING WITH AN THE RE-

"Missionary Attention Getters,"571; Melvyn M. Cowan, SULTS MISSIONARY OF A RETURNED

SURVEY CONDUCTED BY THE COUNCIL Churchwright, 573.Music Institutes Announced, D. Sterling WheelINFORMA- OF THE TWELVE—WHICH

TION IS TO BE RELEASED BY PRESIDENT RUDGER CLAWSON FOR THE

QUORUM. Specialypectai cfec/eatures

THE RECORDS OF TWENTYONE THOUSAND LIVING RETURNED MISThe Religion of the Piutes William R. Palmer 534

SIONARIES WERE INVESTIGATED FOR "Sailing Sheltered Seas"Rachel Grant Taylor 538

FINDINGS. THESE ILLUMINATING

Bloom of the Desert Vesta P. Crawford 549

Exploring the Universe, Franklin S. Harris, Jr., 559; On the

Book Rack, 560; M. I. A. Reading Course Books, 561;

BEGINNING IN OCTOBER—"THE OUTHoming, 562; Index to Advertisers, 574, Your Page and

LAW OF NAVAJO MOUNTAIN."Ours, 584.

EVERY READER OF GOOD FICTION WILL WANT TO FOLLOW THIS HISTORICAL NOVEL BASED ON CONQUEST

AND CONFLICT IN THE SOUTHWEST. ibattortats

Seek Learning John A. Widtsoe 552

The Right to Labor Richard L. Evans 552

OCTOBER "IMPROVEMENT ALSO—THE

ERA"WILL OLD LETTER A Great School Marba C. Josephson 553 CONTAIN AN

OF LORD BYRON'S, RECENTLY DISCOVERED, AND, SO FAR AS HAS BEEN

DETERMINED, HITHERTO UNPUBCJiction ana LPoetry LISHED.

Cuthbert Steps Out Estelle Webb Thomas 543

EXECUTIVE AND EDITORIAL She Was Different (A short, short story) Melba Allen 548

OFFICES Street, Salt Lake A Prelude to Living Pauline Allen 563 50 North Main

City, Utah Frontispiece: Faith, Claire Stewart Boyer, 522; Poetry Page,

Copyrght 1932, by the Young Men's Mutual 555; Hair Cut, and a Wish, Alberta H. Christensen, 562.

Improvement Association Corporation of the

Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

All rights reserved. Subscription price,

$3.00 a year, in advance; 20c Single Copy.

Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, cJhe Cover as secondclassUtah, matter. Acceptance

for mailing at special rate of postage pro- "P.ARLY FALL means return to school with all of its priceless opportunities, fine

in section forvided 1103, of Act October, "-*'traditions, cherished associations. and the communities And in Mormon1917, authorized 2, 1918, July

return to school also the return to means seminaries is and institutes where responsible not Improvement Era The for unsolicited manuscripts, welcomes but material all will exerciseand care in handling to eternal considerationsman—so that areMormonsupplementedyouth mayby growother intothingsuseful,of greatwellbalancedconcerncontributions.

men and women with spiritual, mental, and physical harmony.

The cover illustration shows the entrance to the L. D. S. Institute at

largest institutes of the seminaries, Church and which, placed nearA MAGAZINE FOR EVERY Logan,university school in and high campuses and neighborhoods, community

MEMBER OF THE FAMILY attended by more than 35,000 students as part of their regular curriculum.are

EL CAPITAN, YOSEMITE Photograph by Glen Perrins

By CLAIRE STEWART BOYER ft HA VE not examined the sands of the earth I do not know why rivers must wander, nor why

Vfc. nor the stars of the heavens, the wind tells not its destiny,

vl/ Yet I know that man walks in faith upon the Yet is my spirit refreshed by the freedom of earth and reaches for the stars, and they the river and the abandon of the wind.

are one motion, rhythmical and inevitable.

I have not studied the grass beneath my feet, I have not made analysis of life, nor the clouds above my head, nor theorized about the sun,

Yet I know the grass is sustenance and the Yet do I know that both are part of the same cloud a provender. sufficient miracle!

DOMESTIC A

SUGAR SUPPLY With reflections upon America's need of agriculture and home industry

By PRESIDENT HEBER J. GRANT

From an address delivered at the opening session of the

Second Dearborn Conference of Agriculture, Industry, and Science, May 12, 1936

am sure that the principal reason "TO MY MIND IT IS A POOR FINANCIAL for my being invited to make a X POLICY TO BUY FROM ANY FOREIGN

I speech here this evening is that COUNTRY ANYTHING THAT CAN BE PROFITABLY

I stand at the head of the Church PRODUCED BY THE TILLER OF THE SOIL IN THE of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, UNITED STATES."commonly known as the Mormon

Church. This Church suffered persecution in New York, in Ohio, in belonged to the state of Deseret, had few days later we were all rejoicing

Missouri, and in Illinois, and finally he secured all that he asked for. that all pain had left him, and that

fifIllinois,left went and Nauvoo, he high the on was to recovery. road

earliest acquaintance with My Salt to the miles Laketeen hundred appendix The had undoubtedly

I Brigham began Young when was thevalley, Great as Amerknown broken. later few days passed he A I six years of age. only born was of theican the Desert, members and In away. opinion Brigham my

I his block one from and home was sucreasonably been haveChurch the greatest Young colonizer was intimate as his with family him and of the section in countrycessful a pioneer and that ever has America

I if it. as been had a of member worthless.that considered That was full I produced. credit always gave He for last the time met as him he was particular time that beatcountry his for accomplishments, however, office for going out of his carriage a to Mexico.longed to the of the founder of Church ride. ride returned that from He the saw Brigham Young When Christ Saints, of Jesus Latterday

to terrible went and with a bed is said, valley, "ThisSalt he Lake the Smith, Prophet Joseph Jr. attack of then as what was known if obtained he Place."the had And

all of the "Place"he desired, Texas "inflammation of the bowels,"un- (""VER one hundred years ago a wouldn't have been in it for size. He doubtedly appendicitis, so the doctor Declaration of Belief regarding

immediately sent his scouts to the that waited on him assured me. A governments and laws in general

northern part of what is now Idaho, was adopted by unanimous vote of to the foot of the Sierra Nevada a great assembly of the Church of

Mountains and also to San Bernar- /""\ur July issue contained an enterJesus Christ of Latterday Saints, taining V"'Heber recital of Presidentdino, California, and located some of Grant's participation in the great held in Kirtland, Ohio. I quote the J.

his people in what is now Arizona. conference of the Farm Chemurgic first two paragraphs:

the into for admission the Council knocked Chemical and FoundaHe believe that ingovernments were "We tion, held Detroit, and Dearborn of state title of the the underUnion stituted of benefit for the of man; and God 1214, Michigan, 1936. The inMay

that holds heDeseret. their for accountable men address afterdinner subsequent and

in acts relation to them, in both making is for All asked that he what speech, President to made Grant by laws and administering them, for the good conference, pubhave now been fully onehalf the comprises Utah,now of society. and safety lished in the "Proceedings the of of partof Colorado, Wyoming,

twothirds of Nevada, onethird of Secondculture, DearbornIndustry, Conferenceand Science,"of Agribut exist"Wein peace,believeexceptthat suchno governmentlaws are framedcan

California, all of Arizona, a large since this volume is not generally and held inviolate as will secure to each part of Idaho, and a little of what is accessible, we take pleasure, in anindividual the free exercise of his conscience, requests, swer in republishto many the right and control of property and the every so that Mexico;now New

in ing them Era."Improvement "The protection of life."into flowsdrop of water that now President While Grant's formal

the Hoover Dam (please notice the theme was "A Domestic Sugar SupEvery faithful Latterday Saint name... (Applause.) I hope I ply,"he touched in his discussion on believes beyond a shadow of doubt,

topics, vital in this many day. modernlive in long enough, although that to my exereach individual the free will benefited the be Our readers byeightieth year, to have the name cise of conscience, the right conand perusal addresses, which of these

changed to Hoover)... so that were enthusiastically received by the trol of property, and the protection

every drop of water that now flows conference. of life are inherent rights of which

into the Hoover Dam would have he should never be deprived.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1936

to fight the against had of sickness, This odds organization impresses as me year That a panic and came many suffering, is sorrow. defeat no him Tobelieving firmly in the statement by the for subscribers stock were

is than to passing through tunnel more a of athe poet Oliver Goldsmith: their to subscripunable good make again must he emerge knows traveler—he

"111 fares the land, to hastening ills a prey, into the sunlight."tions. The last $100,000 needed to

Where wealth accumulates, and men decomplete this factory (which, by the cay; And we know that we must way, was the first beet sugar factory

Princes and lords may flourish, or may emerge again here in this nation. built in the United States with

fade; A breath can make them, as a breath has "The nation that is strongest is the one American machinery) was loaned made; that is most selfreliant, the one that conby Wells Fargo & Company. The

its tains all its within that boundaries peoBut peasantry, their a bold country's pride, of the manager bank Wells Fargo

If, ple its all need. with ports blockaded, destroyed, once never be supcan When in formerly San Francisco managed it itself life necessities the within has of not plied."

I at Salt Lake, a branch bank and its the elements of progress, continual and

The Secretary of the Chamber of then—it is weak, held by the enemy, and it was his clerk. He told me it would

Commerce of Salt Lake City wrote is but a question of time till it must surbe impossible to lend the money, a pamphlet telling of the attractions render.its selfreliance,Its independenceto its poweris intoproportionsustain itselfto that his committee would not make a

of Utah to people who were looking from within. What is true of nations is loan a thousand miles away, on local

for a place in which to make a pertrue of individuals. The history of nations security, in the midst of a panic. I

but the biography of an individual. So told resort, other things is dernier thatmanent home. him it was a Among

it that is must the individual be most who said that other city, in county, believedhe that in no a boy, had me as trial, in strong is sorrow, any or he he need state, or territory in the Union were who can live from his inherent strength, he gave me one hundred dollars one the taxes so low as in Utah. This who needs no scaffolding of commonplace New Year's eve and said no one

was when the people were selfsympathy to uphold him. He must ever be else in the bank would get a dollar,

sustaining, when Salt Lake City selfreliant."because the others watched the clock

of bonds, only which $200,000owed to bring issued water T am pleased to say that the early andget outtriedafterto seethreehowo'clock,soon theybutcouldthatbonds were from an adjoining county. history of Utah is practically the I would come back nights and work

history of Brigham Young. the leading Brigham was Young

the pardon I begspirit local industries in creating and of this audience ifdo.thereI said:was anything"Now, Ibelievecould findin meto

advocating their support. From the for this long introduction to the subas one of the fifteen men managing

time I was seventeen until the Provo ject of my speech, "A Domestic the Mormon Church."

Woolen Mills closed down, I wore Sugar Supply."(Applause.) He said: "My boy, I would gladly

but one suit of clothes, the cloth in Way back in the earliest days of lend you the money but my loan which was not made in the Provo Utah, machinery was brought from committee would not approve of my

Woolen Mills. The members of the France, across the ocean, and doing so."

legislature of an adjoining territory freighted from the Missouri River I finally said: "Mr. Wadsworth,paid a visit to Utah; a ball was given by ox teams—as I remember, forty the Mormon Church will be alivein the theatre in their honor; I hapoxen—and a beet sugar factory was when you and I are dead. I am sure

pened to have only some lightestablished, but there was little that I can get you four notes of colored suits at the time, and I knowledge regarding the industry, $25,000 each of the Mormon bought a Prince Albert coat and a and it was not a financial success. Church, payable in six, twelve,

readymade suit to wear at the ball, In 1891, the Presidency of the eighteen and twentyfour months;

being a member of the legislature. Church of Jesus Christ of Latterand if you will write the names of

The next day I gave it to one of my day Saints used me as an agent to twentyfive of the strongest financial relatives, remarking that I did not solicit subscriptions to build a beet Mormons in Salt Lake City, I can want to wear it while advocating sugar factory at Lehi, thirty miles get twenty of them to guarantee the patronizing of home institutions. south of Salt Lake City. Letters these notes."

Brigham Young's teachings were were written by the Presidency to He laughed and said: "My boy,

"Do not run into debt; pay as you individuals asking them to subscribe you cannot do it."

go "; and I am a firm believer that for $1000, $2000, $5000, and $7500, I said: "I do not ask anything

this is good advice to the individual as I remember it, to build a beet more; I know I can do it."

and to the inhabitants of a city, a sugar factory which was to cost in "All right,"he said, "you can have

I might add the neighborhood of threequarters your money, and I will give you acounty, or a state—or,

a nation. (Applause.) of a million dollars. one hundred per cent better margin

I am a firm believer that men on your names. You have asked

should be selfreliant. I quote for a margin of five, you can

from William George Jordan's have a margin of ten. I will

book entitled The Majesty of write thirty names, and if you hour darkest \\ WilliamCalmness to /—-mC thirty the get of because twenty any

\ --J In \, mans any writes every- | n JordanGeorge your you money."can have;a sign x. life, vJhen Is he i it write better couldthing than I n jj six five or names, wrote He it:or i dovJn say sits to* n\y

then smiled and tore up the is selfreliant honfto*, seeks "The who man \fplm the to discover weakconquerever and viithr get money from I that keeps himness within him papersee—1875and said:to "Heber,-1891—-sixteenlet me

the attainment of what he holds dear- 'ioutarn'm itj years; many a man who was

est; he seeks within himself the power well fixed sixteen years ago

all influences. outsideto battle against

I is left 'busted'Salt Lake all greatest in when the realizes that menHe

I will to sucwrite now. my of in phasehistory, every human

effort, have been those who have cessor in Salt Lake and ask him

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1936

to write the thirty names and to consume. To my mind it is a poor the farmer to compete with people

hand you the $100,000 and draw on financial policy to buy from any forwho can live as cheaply as my jinme with the notes attached. I will eign country anything that can be rikisha man lived while I was in

not even submit the matter to my profitably produced by the tiller of Japan for some two years and a committee; I will tell them I know the soil in the United States, and fraction. I paid him fifteen yen a

what I am doing. I will let you have especially is this the case with somemonth, which was seven dollars and

the money."thing as profitable as sugar. I befifty cents of American money. He

I secured twentyfour signatures. lieve absolutely in the purported supported himself and his wife and

Three of the thirty were out of town; statement of Abraham Lincoln: "I two children, and assured me he had

Ione person whose name was on the do not discuss the tariff. I know never before earned so much as

list I felt sure would decline, so I that if we buy goods made in Amerhad paid him.

did not ask for his signature. ica we have the goods and we have I quote from the remarks of the

Of the thirty names, two only dethe money, and if we buy goods not General Superintendent of the clined. David Eccles of Ogden made in America some one else has UtahIdaho Sugar Company, Mr.

heard them decline as he happened our money."Brigham R. Smoot:

to be sitting in the room writing a

States in these United industry nation. is of a "No the life blood Ioneyletter soliciting their enwhen I was furnishes its size more with in commensurate It is like the blood exactly hisdorsements. from up He looked ramifications all of its in opportunities labor

letter and said: "Heber, I have our bodies; it is the circulating than does the beet sugar industry.

heard your story. Is my name one medium. Keep your money at home. "Through the sale of sugar produced

of the thirty?"At a meeting called for the purfrom the 1933 crop, approximately

brought of was $20,000,000 money new to suppeople encouraging of I said, "I never thought of pose "No,"this of amount into Idaho. and Out Utah institutions, of one port home my forgoing signatures."to Ogden farmers, the to onehalf nearly went

He remarked: "I would like to farming friends said: "I never buy proximately $3,500,000 to railroads. [Foraplook at the notes."a pair of shoes for children, I never instance, we have a factory in Dakota, and

here, fine friend speech a dear made who my cloth I never a suit, to make buy I to him. could them handed He freight gets of Sargent, our President some is in that not anything made buy all property thehave belongbought money.]

I get want if I can made what Utah,ing to did the other twentyfour. Railroad Western Chicago "The He & North

in from coming I was While Utah."this of received amount a considerablenot read turned but them them

is eighty about (which for Valley payrolls $2,650,000, Cache money. Company side up them endorsed andwrong

for for lime $300,000, rock coal $850,000, at City), Salt of miles north Lake back, remarkthemand and handed supplies operating miscellaneous and coke the had a depot made I saw man who profanity,ed: excuse "Heber, of approxigiving aggregate my an $400,000,

little children. for shoes some my measure large in a that mately $17,750,000 of of the the note Churchbut when

Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints is I handed him five dollars. In the goes directly or indirectly to labor and not

labor. to breechclout to a at the he depot man saw crowd will fornot Salt $100,000, good Lake

discussion further will permit not "Time dollars, five he and he owed whom all Illinois as the same Nauvoo, sugar benefits of the the of beet other many the This money. him man handed to for a hot damned agriculture industry to both Mormon commerce and—toobe five dolhe another owed saw whom territory, in must so intermountain our live we in."last of (Laughter.) (The

it lars, him; to he saw and handed resolurest our a mental propose case and of driven out peopleour were Nauthe tion appreciation of the to deepest five he owed man whom ice the another across the ofvoo and snow farseeing, pioneers of neversay-die hardy, to the dollars, money handed and River. Mississippi babes were Nine this industry, local those to have and who to this and him. came me man Then bravely carried so on."terrible with nightborn on that

little shelter except their mothers'said, "I owe you six dollars. Here

breasts. is five dollars on account. That I cannot close my remarks without

dollars twentyfive dollars five paid to respect of a tribute paying Henry said: PresEccles time the "Any I friends, quickly as as debts, of my this inspiration chief of the Ford, like ident of the would Church my it. I is tell homebuy can That why I reIncidentally, Council. might anothername on up $100,000, come I interested because goods, am made I paslarge that seven a mark had to ink a keep pen Ogden; and we myself."benefiting in pleasthat car gave senger open me I in will pleasthe house, have and I in benefiting interested myam in scenery the ure mountain viewing in ure notes. the endorsing Church's state, city, country, self, my my my in Utah, but made Mr. Ford when I or three always have hundred two I not therefore, nation; wish do my called Kis car the they from change in dollars lying thousand on banks

certificates of deposit, payable thirty a "Tin Lizzie,"I took a ride around days after demand. Tell President Mount Timpanogos, one of our

Woodruff to ask for a renewal of scenic wonders, in a little Ford car these notes a little before thirty that I immediately named "Queen days before they fall due and if he Elizabeth,"which saves thirty per cannot get renewals, I will pay these cent of the time; and instead of

notes and he can pay me in a year, being switched from one side of the or five, or ten years, and if that is big car to the other, I just sneaked still not convenient, whenever it is conaround the short curves. I am

venient."riding in "Queen Elizabeth."

I am free to confess I would have You will pardon me for announcthoroughly enjoyed hugging David ing that the leading officials of the

Eccles about that time. Mormon Church have requested the

I am in favor of our producing all members of the Church who are in the sugar from cane and beets in the good standing to discontinue receivUnited States that we can possibly ing relief from the government, ex525

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1936

cept in cases where wages are paid friend Townsend's plan could only eighty odd and lived to be ninetyfor services rendered. This ansucceed. There wouldn't be any one.

nouncement was made less than a Presidency of the Mormon Church month ago, and thus far the people if men were retired at sixty. There 'Age is a quality of mind.

are responding in a splendid way. would be but one of our present If your dreams you've left behind.

In one of our counties the Church Twelve Apostles active today. If hope is cold,

If ahead. look you no longer officials that arranged have every wouldn't have There been by a man

fires If ambition's are dead, least person shall of at the use have }. presidGrant of Heber the name

old. are Then you one acre of ground on which to proing over the Mormon Church beduce all the vegetables that his famcause he was beyond sixty at the

if life 'But from the best, take you ily need, following.may the example time President of the he became

if life in zest, the keep And you set thrift in his by gardens. Mr. his of Ford predecessors Church. One hold, If love you

I If could only eightyfive back go and have the was and he managed roll matter the years by, how No

I it retroactive, in entitled in be for magnificent would Church shape fly, matter the birthdays how No four or five months to $48,000 if our three years. His predecessor was You are not old."

SECOND RESPONSE BY PRESIDENT GRANT AT

CHEMURGIC CONFERENCE TThe following evening, Wednesfine thing when he said "the greatest twisted up to hold his monocle, and day, May 13, President Grant statesman the South had produced with a dog occupying the only vadelivered by special request the folin two decades was the Texas mule cant seat in the compartment. The

lowing address at the banquet given that refused to tramp out the third Irishman who was obliged to stand, to the delegates to the conference. row of cotton."The mule would tried to get the dude into conversaThe toastmaster, Hon. Francis P. have saved us our cotton industry tion, but all he could get out of him

Garvan, said, in introducing Presiinstead of letting it go to Brazil. was yes, no, yes, no. Findent Grant: England is now being urged to ally the Irishman said, "Fine dog

"Ladies and gentlemen: In reraise sugar beets out of which to you have there, sir."The answer

sponse to many requests from all make beet sugar for preserving and came, "Yes.""And what breed

over the hall I have been able to incanning, which is the sort of thing might he be?"The owner of the

duce one of our guests to give you the that Dr. Taylor has just been telling dog answered: "Oh, he is cross begreat treat of hearing from him once you to do. We have in Utah a great tween an Irishman and a cur."

more at this conference. I know mine that handled in a single day "Faith and bejabers, he's related to

that every one of you knows whom I eighty thousand tons of copper ore both of us."

mean (applause); a young blade with less than one per cent of copThe difference between the wit of

from out West, who has brought to per. What has made that possible? an Irishman and a Dutchman is ilus inspiration, relaxation, enjoyment, Machinery. That is what causes lustrated in the following story.

and now anticipation drifts into the* employment. They were wrecked on an island,

realm. I beg to introduce President So far as farming is concerned and the only thing that floated

Heber J. Grant"(applause): I want to tell you that it is the splenaboard the island was a large

President Grant:—I want to exdid blood from the farm that keeps bologna sausage. Pat said to Hans:

press my gratitude for this wonderthe cities from dying with their im- "Now, Hans, if you cut that bologna ful applause. It might interest you moral weight. (Applause.) sausage in two, and each eat a half,

people to know that I spent three Fiftytwo per cent of all of the we will both die before the ship years in Europe and that during that missionaries that have been sent out comes back. It will be two weeks

entire three years I was not able into the world by our Church, as before it returns. If one man has

to get one line in the newspaper in high as 2200 at a time, at their own the whole bologna sausaqe he may refutation of some of the most libelexpense and the expense of their live. It is better for one to live than

ous attacks upon the people that I families, came from the farm. two to die, will you fight for it?"

represent. You know that when I heard the Hans said: "All right."Then Pat

Certainly it is a marvelous thing song about the Wild Irish Rose, I said, "We have been lifelong that the President of the Church couldn't help but think of the natural friends: what a pity it would be to

should receive applause as I have wit of the Irish. One of my friends maul each other to death. Why not

here tonight from this body of men. told me some splendid stories of put the sausage in our mouths and

Truth is the rock foundation of their wit. I won't take up all the pull for it? Again Hans said: "All

every great character, and we betime, but will tell only one thing on right."When they had the ends of

lieve that we have the truth. The the Irish. I saw in the morning the sausage in their mouths Pat said

change is something marvelous and paper, in the Liverpool World, that between his tightly closed teeth:

I lack the language to express my an Irishman who stepped into one "Are you ready, are you ready?"

gratitude for it. The prejudice of the compartments of a British railand Hans, with full open mouth,

against the Mormons has all disroad car the day before to go to said, "Yah."

appeared. I am grateful for it. London, found there an English I think my time is up. I thank

I think Will Rogers got off a very dude with one eye of his face you. (Applause.)

HThe message of this thoughtprovoking article is stated in Elder Richards'own words: BELIEF"I wish everyone would beware A

o[ deductions and generalizations that seem to controvertthe revealed words of God"THAT WELCOMES

Such a message is sorely needed in our day. There is no

danger in knowledge, itself. ALL TRUTH

Indeed, Latterday Saints look forward to an eternal increase in knowledge. But, evil lifts its By STEPHEN L RICHARDS

head when men of learning give their scientific or theologOf the Council of the Tivelve ical interpretations and inferences the dignity of factual ""DlBLICAL TEACHING IS NOT INCONSISTENT WITH ANY knowledge. That is a misuse DEFINITELY ASCERTAINED FACTS WITH REGARD TO

of knowledge. The Church EARLY MANKIND."SlR AMBROSE FLEMING, Kt M. A., D. Sc,

accepts all truth but differen- D. Eng., F. R. S.

tiates sharply between stable facts and changing inferences.

That should be the duty of all propose to quote copiously from igin and sets up what seems to be intelligent people. a book recently published under a strong and convincing argument

Biblical teaching that the "to show I to origin respect the title With the Origin of The Manof defiis inconsistent with any not quotaIn to the kind. order make as quotedmankind, Elder by facts regard with nitely ascertained

I tell impressive tations must you SirRichards Ambrose from says early This to mankind."man author, Sir the about something Amof theFleming, because the that knows wrote Church book he A., D. Fleming, brose Kt, M. Sc in existing conviction erroneous thethat been always has man, who etc. S., F. R. Eng., D.

of that progress "the minds many in lived preexistent aman, is Sir of the President Ambrose all possibility science destroyed has

Institute Victoria the Philosophand state,spiritual that he came superor in belief miraculous of ical Britain, the of Society Great in earth obedience to aupon in the recorded events natural as Society, Television of President the solicidivinity;plan scriptures."expresses formulated by He Electrical of Professor Emeritus Enand that he became clothed, gineering in the University of Lontude for the young particularly when

here, with an earthly body, don, Honorary Fellow of St. John's he says "Whatever may be the effect

of adults religious opinions the on of College, Cambridge, and Fellow shall reafterwhich death he scientific of or of an adherence men is University College, London. He in eternallycover possess and of this theory to evolutionary human

a purified imperishable condithe inventor of the thermionic valve origin, it is unquestionable that it practically closely been and has and ethical developto the disastrous that, the Churchtion. Beyond in is the beginnings with connected

life of the young or spiritual ment In the no assertions.makes three great inBritain of the Great or uneducated to lead them to betelephone, incandesthe old ventions, the knowledgelight of that are from descended lieve that 'men

lighting, wireless cent electric anddoctrine, example, that for man 'the Chimpanzees or that monkeys,'earth were createdand gorillas are men's nearest relor from telegraphy.

sufficiently this information I hope atives'."nothing becomes a false theothis qualifies expert witness to make

scientific benot does This manlogical hypothesis. In his testimony. Strangely respect the proyou

is noththat being lieve "the human this begins time, of sciencegress through enough advancman of animal."Being ing but improved an the quotation with a from his book revelation,ing science or direct belief his scientific substantiates he

further light may be shed on scriptures with reasons.

of art that mindful thou is man, "Whatthe problems that many visitest the that arise him? of thou son and man conanalyzes first and T-Te man him? the originwhen on earth of life

all other trasts animal with him little hast lower thou "For him a madeis discussed.

life. distincangels, the with hast great than out six him and crowned He points

glory and honor. tions between animal and man which

to dominion have him madest "Thou of hast are distinctions of kind and not thou thy over hands; the works

(>Xo> put all things under his feet."merelyFirst ofForm—"Indegree. man the natWith these lofty concepts of the ural position of the spine in locoeighth Psalm as a premise, the aumotion is vertical or pointed upthor proceeds to a discussion of the wards,—the head is poised on it so

evolutionary theory of human orthat the face looks forward and up527

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1936 ward. On the other hand in the "Centuries ago Greek philosvertebrate animal the position of the ophers came to the conclusion that

spine in locomotion is for the most the relation of mind to body is similar part horizontal or nearly parallel to to that between a musician and his the earth. The position of the head instrument. Any injury to the inis forward and downward. The strument limits the power of the

animal, as it were, clings to the earth musician to produce music. But the

as its natural habitat with gaze diinstrument alone can yield no music rected downward. The man, on the by itself, whereas the musician can

contrary, has the earth beneath his survive the entire destruction of his feet and his face turned towards the instrument and may even, when proheavens as if the earth were only a vided with a new one, make better temporary dwelling place. There music than before. There must be

is no evidence that in his earliest some part of the human body which days man was in any degree greatly corresponds to the musician whilst different in form."the material body cells are his inIt controls the upbuildSecond Constructiveness—The strument.

animal has no tools. Nature has ing of the body but does not necesprovided him with teeth, beak, claws, sarily cease to exist if the body is

hoofs and horns—with fur, feathdestroyed."

ers, scales or thick hide, but he has Evolution is held to be insufficient only that which nature has given as a cause. It is pointed out that

him. Man, however, is completely Charles Darwin who is credited with

undefended by natural weapons. He being the originator of the theory

to be sufficient as aknife,—hehas to makehas histo coverspear,his arrowbare andor STEPHEN L RICHARDS ofsiderevolutionevolutiondid not himself consensitive skin to protect him from first cause or creative factor.

cold or heat. He opposes the far for many common things and actions It would seem therefore that Dargreater strength of the beast with and begins to exhibit its creative win did not preclude the idea of

his constructiveness. powers, artistic, mechanical or obDivine Creation. But many of the

Third Progressiveness—'There servational. The ape remains what evolutionists have gone much furis no evidence to show that animals it was. The words 'right'and ther than he and have stoutly mainleft to themselves ever make any 'wrong'can be made to have a tained that this doctrine of acciprogress. "Even the domesticated meaning for the human child. They dental natural selection is sufficient

animals which have been for thouhave none at all for an animal of to account for everything, even the sands of years in the company of any kind."origin of man. Sir Ambrose, while

explain that cannot admitting we are not moreman advanced now "\JUrE are next introduced to a concreation, maintains the processes of at the beginning,than they were sideration strucas a creative of evolution inadequacy of matter,—its leftand, to themselves, soon would

nature. I am not physicist the indenying cause and withoutlose acquired powers. any But man ture and

is always improving his tools, his enough to reproduce for you with fluence of environment on animal any degree of adequacy the arguform says that "it is necessary alsoweapons, dress, dwelling places and conditions."ment in this field. It seems that to take account of a directive power

in to "everything nature"appears be Selec- 'Divine be called which may anFourth Use of Fire—"No of vibration the character of of a tion* to the explain vast and various itselfimal ever discovered has by sort that the "fundamental some and life."of animal forms fire. fire create to But byhow man uniphysical of the elements which

creates artificial warmth, cooks food, verse is composed are three, '"The most interesting parts of the melts and prepares metals"and crenamely, electrons, positrons or probook, however, are those which ates many of the facilities of civilitons, and neutrons, a trinity of relate to the question of human zation. units."These elements always exorigin and the evidence for Divine Fifth Burial Customs—"No anist, cannot be destroyed and the Creation. The socalled missing

imal buries its dead companions or different kinds of matter,—form, links of the evolutionists are disexhibits the very slightest signs that shape and weight are the result of cussed in considerable detail. Acit possesses any sense of a personwave-like motion in these elemental counts are reviewed of the discovery

ality capable of surviving death. But properties. in Germany of the skull cap and

from the very earliest ages we have The philosophies and theories of fragments which were declared sufevidence in fossil remains of man different schools of science are set ficient to warrant the assumption of that he buried his dead with some out in their effort to explain how a primitive race of men with low ceremonial and perhaps with prothese particles of matter arrange cerebral development and great vision of food in such manner as to themselves so as to constitute a clod bodily strength who have been show that he regarded revival or of earth, an ugly toad or a beautiful named by the scientists the Neanresurrection of the body possible."maiden. Sir Ambrose Fleming points derthal race.

tentialities—"TheSixthMental andhumanSpiritualbaby Poand outofferthesatisfactoryinability of theexplanationmaterialistandto armyThissurgeon,was in 1 863.excavatingIn 1 891 ina DutchJava,

the infant chimpanzees are not so that "we are on surer and more solid found an upper molar tooth he strikingly different at their birth. ground when we take as the final thought was out of an ape. About

But wait a few years,—the human link in our chain of causation the a yard away he found the top of a

child can speak. It knows the words Thought in a Universal Mind. skull and a second tooth and about

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1936

fifty feet away a left thigh bone And with respect to the geologic became extinct in one district long which had human characteristics. periods which are supposed to repbefore they did in others, and if we

These few scattered fragments were resent the time of living of these sofind human fossils with bones of given the pretentious name of Pith"called human ancestors, it is pointed mammoth or Dinotherium, or other ecanthropus erectus or the upright out that there are sources of error. now extinct mammals, it requires

man. This was declared to be an "In the first place, earthquakes, some caution in making deductions

ancestor of modern man. Sir Amfloods, or shift of strata by recent as to age. Thus, for instance, in

brose says, with reference to this 'faults'may displace human fossils the asphalt beds of California, the discovery, "To anyone accustomed and bury them subsequent to death skeleton of a woman of modern Into or trained in the exact reasoning in much older strata than correspond dian type was found in close associaand strict definitions required in to the time when they actually lived. tion with the bones of the long exmathematics or physics, it is a matter Then in the next place some animals tinct sabertoothed tiger.

for surprise to notice the loose, in- "The upshot of it all is that we conclusive arguments and illdefined cannot arrange all the known fossil terms employed by some Darwinian remains of supposed 'man'in a lineal anthropologists. For example, there series gradually advancing in type

is not a shadow of proof that the or form."

four fragments of bone comprising the socalled Pithecanthropus erec- "It is entirely misleading and untus belonged to one individual or speakably pernicious to put forward were deposited in the ground at the in popular magazines or other pubsame time. But all difficulties are lications read by children pictures of

covered up by the adoption of this gorillas or chimpanzees labelled grand name, which takes for granted 'Man's cousin* or 'Man's nearest the very thing required to be proved. relative,'or to publish perfectly imIf any similar shaky argument was aginary and grotesque pictures of a

put forward in a court of law, say supposed 'Java man'with brutish in a criminal trial, it would be disface as an ancestor of modern man, missed as inadequate without any as is occasionally done. Those who

hesitation by judge or jury. Neverdo such things are guilty of ignorthejess, the anthropologists venture ance or deliberate misrepresentaboldly on this thin ice and find no tion.

difficulty in making it the basis of "There is no sufficient evidence to an argument for the evolutionary show that human language has been origin of Man."gradually evolved from nonarticu-

There is set forth also the dislate noises as made by true animals.

covery of the Heidelbergman in "Another great and unique quality 1907, consisting of a part of a jaw of the human race of which not the bone with teeth in it of human type least trace appears in any animal is but with a rounded front or an abthe religious instinct. Great efforts

sence of projecting chinbone. From have been made by the evolutionists

these fragments the evolutionary to show that this has been gradually imagination proceeded to make evolved from the phenomena of sleep drawings of the head of this Heideland dreams, from the attribution of bergman, declared to be a stage in life to moving objects, the dual pheadvance of the Java man. Then in nomena in Nature, some beneficial,

1911 the Piltdown man was discovsuch as sunshine and gentle rain, ered in England and with its smooth or disasters such as floods and forehead but apelike jaw, in acstorms. But now all of this has been

cordance with evolutionary ideas, shown by the researchers to be enwas christened the Dawnman and tirely mistaken. It has been proved

asserted to be a sample of a new by a careful analysis of the religious stage of modern man in process of ideas of a large number of modern making. Drawings and busts were and ancient tribes of men, that all

accordingly made. Later scientific of their religious ideas have at their

opinion has declared that the skull base a fundamental monotheistic was the skull of a modern man but faith in one Supreme High God.

that the jaw was that of an ape.

"Then, further,"says the author,

Ither discoveries are described "we can bring forward an effectiveO and our author says: "It is the argument against human evolution

custom of many evolutionists to make from the rate of growth of human large deductions from single specipopulation. The number of human

mens or from very few instances, beings on this earth, as far as we and also to think that a single speciknow, has always continued to inmen of fragmentary remains may alcrease in the past."We have no

ways be taken to be quite typical of exact data for the world population "THERE largea years ago, but cerbeings living of such number hundred MALS LEFTIS NOTO EVIDENCETHEMSELVESTO SHOWEVER MAKETHAT ANIANY nineteen at earth."reckonings time on improbable tain not the same PROGRESS."

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1936

would make it about seventy to a ray of light or the exact process to 1500 years, by writers most of eighty millions. of vision. All that we can do in whom did not know each other and

It has therefore doubled several these cases is to examine the availdid not know that the books would times in the last nineteen hundred able evidence for the event, no matultimately be included in one volyears. In order to give time for the ter what it may be."ume, and yet having a certain unity

it all."of tone through purpose andevolution of the race from human the of a discussion '"Then follows

is in of kind nothing same Thereanimal progenitors, evolutionists the collection Bible, "that of Hebrew national other anyare theliterature,—anobliged to suppose an immense literature consisting of and cient or declares the author, modern,time period, million a years or more in Testa66 Old it books,—39Jewish all? is of subject the "what andfor the process. that Supposing the in the 27 ment and theNew,—written it all is centers that answer The race thishuman has been earth on period extending from a over 800 nature, funcconcerns the round and foreven a period of thou- a hundred

sand years and multiplying only at tions, power and work of a parsuch a slow rate that the human ticular Unique Personage, a Man, population took 1000 years to yet more than a man, who was and double, then it can easily be shown is to be the Ruler, Redeemer, King that the progeny of even one single and Savior of Mankind. His compair of human beings in the course ing and character is predicted in the

of one hundred thousand years Old Testament books and His work would have to be counted to a numand achievements in the New. He

ber only expressed by 30 digits. It was not in any way the product of

would be a million billion billion an evolutionary development, for He at least. There would not be standpossessed astonishing and unique

before powers which had no man ating room for earth on the them. or since. possessed has had.. Hepresent. the present produce To

population of two thousand million abnormal and Divine powers of infrom one couple in 100,000 years it stantaneous creation. He could

would be necessary for the rate of transform water into wine at a word, increase to be so slow that it took multiply a few loaves and fishes to on the average 3,300 years to double feed thousands, bring shoals of fish in number. Still more slowly would into a net in a lake where none could

just before, found be stormy walk on it to increase have the if we take still waves with and a word, them ofspace existence a human to be million years. But if this very slow heal instantly chronic organic disaverage rate of increase is to take ease, and raise again the dead to life.

place it inevitably implies that either "A large number of persons are the birthrate must be very small or prepared to say, and do say, that the deathrate very large. Both these accounts are not descriptions

these conditions are antagonistic to of actual occurrences but are fictions evolutionary progress. The Darand myths. Some have even ventured that to assert the the whole ofwinian natural selection a demands

fictitious biographies also are andcopious birthrate, because it is not ever lived. no person suchevery germ or embryo which posthat

all statements these "But are onlysesses chance by some advantageous possible of those acceptance by who fittingimprovement it more perfectly all not at have the deeply examined its live into environment. high A for events. evidence the acThe isdeathrate favorable not to such

tuality of the exmentioned above fittest.survival of the

ceptional events is allimportant relAnd now, says the author, "Havative to the question of human origin.

ing shown, as we hope, that the Because if they did take place as theory of human origin from animal stated in the New Testament books, ancestors by natural selection does and if these statements are true to not sufficiently explain the facts, we fact and not human inventions, then must then consider the alternative, they unquestionably certify to the namely, the statement that the huoccurrence even within the limits of man race had its origin in special historic time, of happenings and of creation by Divine Power. Many acts of creation which lie quite outcritics would then say that we are side of the range of that uniform

passing quite out of the realm of causation studied in scientific rescience. We are not entitled, howsearch or even ordinary life.

ever, to say that the truth or actu- "The questions cannot be dismissality of the occurrence of any event ed by mere denial of occurrence.

is dependent upon our present power The evidence for these events can to understand its nature or mode of be classified under three headings:

operation. We all know that we can ( 1 ) documentary, ( 2 ) historical.

see and that vision is dependent up- "MAN IS COMPLETELY UNDEFENDED BY (3) circumstantial."

...HISBUTWEAPONS,HE IS ALWAYSDRESS, The reader would be interested inon light. But we do not know at NATURALIMPROVINGWEAPONSHIS TOOLS,

the present time the actual nature of DWELLING PLACES AND CONDITIONS."this evidence if space permitted its

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1936

reprinting, but one of the concluwith all the facts. It can only be ing's book the frank admission of a

sions is this: adopted by ignoring a large range of great scientist, an inventor of elec-

"If, however, the wave theory of wellcertified events which constitute trical devices including a part of matter corresponds in any way to the historic basis of the Christian the incandescent globe, that he does reality then the creation of matter faith, and it is inconsistent with the not understand the nature of light.

may only involve the generation of teaching of the Scriptures of truth Who can explain just what light is, elethese waves and control of their as regards human origin, nature, and—what electricity is, and the

direction in a certain way. On what destiny. Hence its widespread mentary nature of gravitation, heat

grounds are we to declare this to be popularization must be regarded as and magnetism? Shall we say that

incredible or impossible, because we one of the effective causes of the because we cannot adequately exnow cannot understand how it is advancing paganism which afflicts plain these forces of nature we deny done? If the wavetheory of matter the world today."their existence? We certainly will

is not entirely a delusive idea but in I agree with most of the author's not! Nor will we deny the love of

any sense a truth, then all that we conclusions but I do not hold out his mother, sweetheart, or of a little call Material Substance is mere ararguments as being incontrovertible. child because we cannot fully acrangement or change of arrangement I would not presume to do this becount for these emotions. And we

of parts of some uniformly distribcause I do not pretend to know the will not deny the existence of God uted medium."views of many educated men on because we cannot fully explain Him

C'hrist evidently had the secret of these subjects, but it is my deliberand His work.

faith stimulate the ate to purpose it is impossible seen have how We over such arrangement power and

I exists to that demonand know universe man and for the to account limited so a Creator. aand was To faith that strate our dias best giving I may a Master in without Mind is a tooextent himself "creator man disrealities spiritual not need be all things. to purpose and is in thator originator not sense and

less deor turbed weakened, much generosity in the seen have how rectionWe off- a creation a but ormerely son stroyed kindness man has been of God by scientific hypotheses and and Creator.spring of the Supreme He generalizations. in with Divine Endowment created of therefore 'the imagewas made in

in and placed the image of God constructive a and and givenGod'Tt is a hazardous thing to adopt new all things; and how over dominiongoverning not possessed by power

any previously created animal. All philosophies, which controvert progressiveness and endless deof which is evidenced to us by the traditional concepts and established velopment leading him to an imitacreative power of the Lord Jesus thinking on vital subjects, without tion of the divine creative power is

Christ."long and deliberate consideration a part of his endowment.

There is a chapter in Sir Amand reflection. Everyone should It is an explicable mystery how,

brose Fleming's book giving the evistudy the sciences. Everyone should with such knowledge, man can cease

dence to prove the actuality of Bibknow more of the great discoveries to be grateful, how he can turn from chemists physicists, the and of the lical Patrithe deny Flood, and Creator of his the worship events,—the the everyone astronomers, but resiarchs, his life. the history of the of SomeJoseph, very source the

of deductions beware are Israelites in I that think of mendence Egypt and the should can not and how that generalizations seem to controis It denial. the author: in and,Exodus; says such really happy

"Anyone therefore, who will vert the revealed word of God. possibly true that they may take

study with an unbiased mind the In the book referred to, an eminent some pride and passing pleasure in record of the exploratory work and scientist rebukes many of his fellow the development and exposition of truly scientific literary analysis scientists for unwarranted concluthe novel, manmade philosophies which has been undertaken by resions. If these scholars cannot agree which they concoct, but I cannot

cent scholars will be convinced that among themselves, what warrant is think that through the whole course much of the destructive criticism of there for any of us lesser lights to of life the denial of God and Christ the Bible is devoid of any true abandon the faith and philosophy of brings peace and satisfaction. On

basis."our fathers for disputed theories? I the other hand I believe that simple

The author's conclusion is "that think the reader will agree that there faith in divine reality, unwavering the evolutionary theory of the origin is no justification for such an abanand undisturbed by every wind of of the human race over a vast span donment. doctrine, is the surest guarantee for

of past time, from animal ancestors No one need be ashamed to admit mental peace, consistent living and by Darwinian natural selection or that he cannot explain all that he enduring happiness. The past has

any other automatic process is not believes or all that he knows. Who demonstrated this and the present is

a demonstrated truth in accordance can? We have in Sir Ambrose Flemdoing so impressively.

The articles of faith

VI cJhe ileed and llature of Cluthonty

Read the Fifth Article of Faith permanent value and the By DR. JOHN A. WIDTSOEThepower of an organization or Of the Council of the Twelve

movement are properly measured by its authority. In turn,

authority arises from a twofold This writing by Dr. Widtsoe, dealing with

root, knowledge, and the correct use the Fifth Article of Faith, is the sixth of a of knowledge. series devoted to the Articles of Faith of

In every day life, sufficient knowlthe Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday edge is required, under the law, of Saints which are reproduced in full in the the man who wires a house for eleccenter column box below.

tricity, builds a storage dam, or fills a decayed tooth, and these workers are expected to perform their labors man, who has yet much knowledge to perform certain acts in connection for the good of man. The person to gain, the authority {known as with the plan of salvation. Since

who knows may speak and act with Priesthood in the Church of Christ) man's knowledge is incomplete and authority. Divine omnipotence itself imperfect, his authority with respect

must be the product of omniscience. to the work of the Lord must always

ARTICLES FAITH OF In lies the fulness of his knowledge of be a compound nature—absolute the Jesus Christ Church of Ol over universal forces. mastery God's derived. and Latterday Saints o limitless of that out From power,

Nevertheless, every must, believe in person Eternal God, the We L his issues authority. direction The in Father, Christ, His Son, and Jes"s all his his might, authority, with use the Ghost. Holy that of authority, for the of and good

2. believe will that punbe men inWe intelliderived, or absolute whether is infinite sins, for their man, ished of the born for Lord's not and own

full in light the of transgression. Adam's knowlgently and love. is justly His knowledge and believe that, through the 3. We anxiously, he must And, all of Christ, be edge. ment mankind mayatonelovingly applied divine and becomes

saved, to the obedience by laws and ceaselessly further for knowlseek mercy. ordinances Gospel. of the

4. first that his understanding, believe so principles that edge the and We relationship authority to of The ordinances of Gospel the and are First, authority properly. be exercised may in Faith:second. the Christ Jesus Lord knowledge, righteously used, apthird, Repentance; Baptism; immerby servant acquaint does not who A pears; in and reappears the sion sins for fourth, the communiremission of

his himself duties sue* with cannot laying for the of Gift on of the Hands cations of the to "It Lord man. is Holy cessfully of requests carry out the believe that a be must man 5. WeGhost. for in impossible to a be saved man

called of God, "prophecy, the by by and first his leader. obligation a of The ignorance;"Sec. (D. 131:6) laying of those by hands,"on are who & C,

in called position the in to a authority to preach the Gospel and person "if a person gainsand knowlmore in administer thereof. the ordinances is to learn to Church unand know 6. believe in the organization same life We intelligence this in and edge

existed in that primitive church, the his their duties derstand and new his diligence through obedience apostles, and namely, prophets, pastors, to to requirements, teachers, etc. knowledge add will than another, he have so much in the gift of tongues, 7. We believeevangelists, that knowledge so he may perform revelation, visions, healing, in the to prophecy, advantage the world

interpretation etc. of tongues, his labors to of all the satisfactioncome."(D. "Knowl130:19) 8. C, believe & Bible the to be the word We act of ordination it The is of as far corconcerned. God, as translated is the theedge pathway God;"up to rectly also believe the we of Book Morto the setting the or Priesthood,

.. to; be the of God. word mon "Priesthood of the. holdeth key

9. all believe is rethat has apart to office God in the We an Church,the mysteries of even the kingdom, all vealed, that does reveal, and now He the duties imcompleted only when believe that will yet reveal wa He many the of the key knowledge of God."important things and pertaining intelligently. plied are performed the of God. Kingdom of greatto (D. 84:19.) In scores C, &

10. literal In the in gathering the Young, Brigham words of We believe in isplaces writ, sacred knowledge Israel of restoration in the of the and for "the Priesthood not wait does will built Tribes. Zion be Ten That uponset forth as a of need a reward and

this continent. reign will Christ That ignorance."those to the earth, conform the personally the would that upon and who

laws of the plan of salvation. paradisiacalearth will beglory.renewed and receive its The plan of salvation was formof privilege 11. worshipthe claim ulated into operation put Authority We and based by our on knowledge

to the dicaccording Almighty God in Father Heaven, absolute be called whose knowlallmay allow conscience, authority. tatesing and of our

There is, however, another type menship how,the samewhereprivilege,or what lettheythemmay.woredge and authority are the greatest.

known as derived authority. One 12. We believe in being subject to The Church is the agent of the Lord

who knows much may direct one kings,trates, inpresidents,obeying, rulershonoringandandmagissus- in carrying out, on earth, the provilaw. the plan. sions of the less to certain taining must Church knows perform Thewho

true, believe in being honest, 13. We

its therefore thattasks. able electrician be trained to show dovirtuous, benevolent, chaste, The highly and in

; indeed, we may say authority has been derived from the Paul: ofmay authorize one who knows little thating goodwe followto all menthe admonition

all things, hope we historically Lord. "Weor This of the nothing science was done of electricity

things. endured haveall many believewe visitations in four to theto Prophet close a switch all thereby things. and to endure able to be hope to flood things,"and

a whole city with light. In some ofIf theregood reportis anythingor praiseworthy,virtuous, lovely,we seekor Joseph Smith, three of which were

such way the Lord, possessing a fulafter these things.—Joseph Smith. participated in by Oliver Cowdery.

ness of knowledge, confers upon First, in 1820, the Father and the

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1936

Son appeared; in 1829, John the conferred according to divine preeph and Oliver, were rebaptized to

Baptist, then Peter, James, and John scription. Those holding authority become members of the Church. ( D.

appeared and conferred, respectconfer it under proper direction up- & C, Sec. 22. ) Any claim to Priestively, the Aaronic and Melchizedek on others who have lesser authority, hood or Priesthood authority by

Priesthoods; and in 1836, several or who have none. Those who are those not members of the Church is

personages of ancient days commitabout to confer the Priesthood, or false and invalid.

ted their authority to the present set apart for any service in the Similarly, excommunication from dispensations. (D. & C. 110.) Church should approach their Heavthe Church removes from a man

These visitors who brought authorenly Father, so that the act may be every vestige of Priesthood powerity from the unseen world had reapproved by Him—that is, every that he may have possessed. If

ceived their authority from or could formal call to any office in the PriestPriesthood is founded in the light of trace it to Jesus the Christ, who in hood or the Church should be of knowledge, then the man who allows turn received his authority from His God, through the power of inspirahimself to descend to depths of darkFather. The Priesthood of every tion. Then, by "the laying on of ness warranting excommunication,

man in the Church should be sushands by those who are in authority,"cannot legitimately retain his Priestceptible of being traced back to the the proposed authority is conferred hood power. Should such an exLord, through Joseph Smith and upon the candidate. It is a very communicated person repent and be

Oliver Cowdery. In fact nearly all orderly, simple procedure. It should rebaptized, he must have his PriestPriesthood holders in the Church do be noted that Priesthood cannot be hood reconfirmed upon his head by

possess and cherish their Priesthood conferred by letter or by word of the laying on of hands. The claim

pedigrees. mouth, but only by physical contact, by excommunicated persons that

laying "the This hands."of on by is also their Priesthood retain they is salvation the of planCince the first revelain the clear was made invalid. and false and The Church its of Lord's, the working out "I to tion Smith, says which Joseph the interwoven; are when Priesthoodprovisions earth His on must be by will reveal the Priesthood, unto you is neither can earth upon Churchauthority. the Otherwise, independElijah."the of hand ( D. by C, & exist independently,ent of leadership assumption and 2. Section

responsibility by various men would It is evident that Priesthood, esIn Summary: The high commislead to disorder and chaos, both resentially the power of God, may sion of the Church requires authorpugnant to the intelligent mind; and exist, whether or not the Church is ity from the author of the plan of

might injure other men, for all live upon earth. The Lord has possessed salvation, which is in the keeping of

under the plan. There is only one His Priesthood or power from "the the Church. This has been received

source of authority in the Church beginning."Nevertheless, it has under the name of Priesthood. Since

that which may be traced back, in been so ordained, that whenever the Priesthood represents knowledge inan orderly manner, to the visitations Church of God is upon earth, all telligently used, every Priesthoodto Joseph Smith. Priesthood on earth should function bearer must seek enlightenment conThe authority derived from the within it. The Church is the keeper, cerning his obligations and priviLord is known as Priesthood. It is under the Lord, of the plan of salvaleges. Every Priesthood act should

committed to man first to meet pertion, and of the Priesthood necesfurther be performed after an appeal sonal needs, and also to be used sary to carry out the provisions of to the Lord for guidance, and in harwithin the Church for carrying out the plan. There can be no holders mony with the revealed word of

the purposes of the plan of salvation. of the Priesthood who are independGod. Whenever the Church is on

Since Priesthood roots in knowledge ent of the Church. This principle is earth, all Priesthood on earth is a

and the intelligent use of knowledge, brought out forcefully in the history part of its organization; no Priestit must be a real force, a real power, of the Church. Joseph Smith and hoodbearer is independent of the

to be used in solving any or all Oliver Cowdery had been ordained regularly organized Church.

problems of life, whether personal or Apostles by Peter, James and John, The strength and power of the within the Church. Priesthood is and required under that authority to Church are in its divinely given

more than a title. It may be likened organize the Church of Christ. Yet, Priesthood. As it functions so will

to the current of electricity which after the act of organization was acthe Church prosper. In fact the

helps man perform his work. It is complished, Joseph and Oliver were whole truth of the Church depends

God's great gift, by which man may ordained Elders in the Church, that on the validity of the Priesthood of be able measurably to do Godlike is the Priesthood that they had rethe Church. Fearless of successful

works. Again, in the words of Brigceived was brought under and made refutation, the Church declares that

ham Young, "it is the law by which a part of the organization of the to it has been committed the authorthe worlds are, were, and will conChurch. Indeed, those who had ity of the Priesthood, for the blesstinue forever."been formerly baptized, for the reing of mankind and the advancement

Authority in the Priesthood is mission of their sins, including Josof the plan of salvation.

The religion OF THE PIUTES By WILLIAM R. PALMER

WM. R. PALMER President of Parowan Stake

"President William R. Palmer, a

* lifelong student of Indian lore, Cays the author, an adopted son of the Piute whose knowledge of tribal customs tribe: "In all my life I have never heard an

has intimate and beliefs come from association itself, tribe with the here Indian profane the name of his gods."

offers new light on some little known facts. "True,"says the author, "the

Piute world is filled with good and bad spirits, with witches, ghosts, gnomes, devils, and gods both carnate chamber, every hieroglyphic he cantime when the story is commenced incarnate, and but far beyond and not decipher is a religious emblem, and its conclusion. Some of the this veritable cloud above of jostling

spiritual influences and animistic and every artifact he cannot classacred stories are guarded by the forces stand 'Tobats'and 'Shinob,'sify is a ritualistic symbol or device rattlesnake and may be told with the brother gods, transcendant in pertaining to some ancient form of safety only in the season when omnipotent glory"worship. towab is in hibernation.

Although our scientists have spent When Major Powell, the famous much painstaking effort in excavatexplorer of the Colorado River,

I. Sacred Regard for Tribal ing ruins and classifying potsherds, pressed the Piutes to tell him their

Beliefs the minds of the descendants of sacred stories, they said it was not those ancient races have not been the proper season. Their answer

not, supposed, as he submere rattlesnakeThevariousreligiousraces conceptsof the humanof the as Thecarefullyliving sifted.Indians can tell us more wasterfuge. The awake was

family are, to most of us, quesabout the customs and beliefs of from his winter slumber and they tions of compelling interest. Partheir ancient progenitors than we dared not risk his venom. Instead

ticularly is this true of primitive have supposed. This field of reof their sacred legends, they told the

peoples who have had no written search presents peculiar problems Major the fantastic story of the language and whose beliefs have which few men have equipped them- "onetwo boy."Of such importance

been preserved and handed down by selves to handle. First, one must are the sacred legends among the

word of mouth from generation to know something of the Indian lanPiutes that one man in the tribe is generation. gauge, and, second, he must have selected as their keeper. His is a

The traditions of an unlettered welcome entree to the inmost hearts sort of priestly calling. He bears

people are of necessity short and of the older men and women of the the title Narrogwenap, and he is simple, for it is impossible for the tribe who know the legends. The an honored man among his people.

mind of man to build up complex latter is the rarest privilege that a In all my life I have never heard philosophies without the aid of a white man can enjoy. an Indian profane the names of his

written language in which to set The Indians of the southwest, and gods. This seems to be one of the

down his mental guide posts. For particularly the Piutes whose tribal white man's questionable habits.

this reason we find the religious becustoms are more familiar to me than The principal purpose of the tribal liefs of the early American Indians those of other tribes, have taken powwow, (Soparovan is their name woven into a mass of simple stories great pains to preserve in purity their for the big council) when all the that have been taught by father to ancient religious beliefs. Such legscattered bands and clans come toson for generations back. ends as deal with their relationship gether, is to recount the sacred

So deepseated has been the deto a Supreme Being are endowed legends. The word sopa-roie

sire to worship among all races, and with all the sanctity of a page of means gathering together. Sopa-

so tenaciously have peoples of the scripture. They are never lightly rovan is the all embracing term for

same stock held to their spiritual spoken. Concerning some of these the social, religious, and civic or

beliefs that ethnologists have found stories there is a superstition that political functions which collectively this aspect of tribal metaphysics to they must never be told entirely in make up the conference. The Sobe one of the best guides in the one sitting. Part may be recited toparovan extends over several days

classification of races. For the same day and the rest next week or next and nights. Part of the time is

reasons, perhaps, the archeologist is moon. The telling of some legends given over to dancing the ceremonial

prone to believe that every ruin of must be so arranged that there will dances, more is devoted to the song unusual design is a ceremonial be a change of seasons between the fest where the social and sacred

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1936 songs are taught, but most important suspected, but as the black distrust of all is the section called Umpug- "(\ld Posey"whose story, gathered, a scheme was hatched to iva Shinob—talks about God. "The Outlaw of Navajo prove his guilt by calling him to see

To this meeting the Indians come Mountain,"begins in next a sick woman. The doctor suspected

in the attitude of sincere men going month's issue of "The Imtreachery, but was persuaded to acto church. When the Narrogwe- provement Era"was of the company Indians he thought to be

nap stands forth to tell his stories the Piute tribe, concerning whose his friends. The room was full of

audience listens with attention. If religion this article speaks. men. They watched intently the old

anyone present detects an error in man working his magic and singing the telling, or a change in the legend, his mystic chant. One of the watchis the speaker stopped the and maters decided that the doctor as was, is hailed he whereupon a doctor. as is ter openly discussed. conThe suspected, making medicine""bad is his as accepted tribessuch He by isclave right, decides then what the instead of good, at prear- a and it if men, but will for well be him isoracle permitted to proceed. In signal, ranged in Indian rear an the not too his of patients die many on this painstaking the sacred manner the crushed skull old man's with an his spirits hands. that The endowedtribal legends have been handed ax. then the doctor's Even medicine evil him have the enbeen may and succeeding generations bydown for potent was also. the died woman chantment received of be deonesince times. ancient meeting The medicine ingets the The man struction. tree be must judged Thecalled Shinob, the white Umpugiva spiration for his concoctions making its fruits only by time and exand is to attend, seldom permittedman also spirits. the from dreams He perience can the determine sourcebut being Piute a adoption, by and that this that, thing or or a combinaspiritual gift from the whence emalifelongan intimate friend and of the tion of will the two, the break hold If is nated. the doctor to found be Itribe, have the granted been unique evil spirits of a fellow upon man. in league is devils in with a heprivilege of hearing the sacred his Often consists medicine inof serious situation for held he can bestories.

responsible for whatever results gredients loathsome even to himself but straightway he compounds it and his follow treatment. In olden days Doctor and the II. The Indian uses it unvaryingly on of every form doctors to tortured were sometimes Medicine Man illness toe to measles. from stubbed their out purge evil enchantments.

"""The common belief among white Sometimes the spirits gave a man This particular "medicine"is his, men is that the "doctor"or the an evil power which he could operate and having received it from the spir- "medicine man"constitutes the secretly upon his enemy by merely its, he should employ no other. His

clergy in Indian religion. Moreover, willing to do so. He could wish theory is that sickness is caused by

doctor and medicine man are supaffliction upon another and that perbad spirits, and the treatment seems posed to be one and the same thing. son would surely sicken and die. often to consist of medicine so utThis is a false impression. The Cases of lingering illness were terly repulsive that no selfrespect-

doctor may or may not be the medigenerally attributed to these causes, ing devil will remain in its presence.

cine man and neither of them perand the punishment for such witchSuch reasoning at least has the supforms any priestly function. Nothery, when discovered, was death. port of logic.

ing that pertains to them or to their Many years ago a doctor on the An extreme case once came under craft is sacrosanct. No special defShivwits Reservation was suspected my observation. A woman was

erence is paid them as men in league of carrying death. He could wish stricken with inflammatory rheumawith supernatural powers, though it it upon others and all his patients tism and mogo-ab ruan, the evil

is presumed that both have hit upon died. A considerable number of Inspirits within her, were taxing to the

some necromantic secret which gives dians had gone to their long rest limit the wits of both doctor and them a certain power to cure or to before the doctor's duplicity was medicine man. One day the pain

prevent human suffering. The fact would be in one part of her body

is that there may be, and frequently and the next day somewhere else.

is, jealous rivalry between the two Doctor and medicine man exhausted as representing different schools of all their arts but the trouble only thought in the healing arts. Supershifted from shoulder to wrists, hips,

stition is the basis on which both or ankles. They knew they could

rest. The doctor is a faith healer, dislodge the demons, but for some

while the medicine man drives the unaccountable reason they could demons of disease away with connever quite eject them. For many

coctions of dried lizard blood, burnt torturous weeks the men of skill crow feathers, or whatever else his chased the evil ones around through spirit tutor advises him to use. the woman's anatomy, but the devils

An Indian has a troubled dream, only played hide and seek. The pain

accidental or deliberately sought, in finally localized in one badly swollen which he hears a witch, or a spirit, foot.

sing a few measures of song, or Parashont, the medicine man, said chant a "rigamarole"of words, or rethe spirits had decided to leave the cite some abracadabra formula over woman and were trying to find a one who is ill. The spirits have thereway out. To facilitate the exit he

by conferred on the dreamer their took his dull and dirty knife and powers for healing the sick. The jabbed it a dozen or more times deep

Indian announces his dream and in into the swollen foot. A severe inproof repeats the thing he has heard, JAKE WIGGIT, A PIUTE INDIAN DOCTOR fection developed. I got the woman

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1936

away to a hospital where heroic hazy, harmless mists over the sky, diligently sought in the olden days treatment saved the member. I tried yet, when offended, they may shoot and many are said to have received

to enlighten the medicine man by forth tongues of fire that can smite them.

his explaining instant that death. knife with blade wind was man The lies in the corpse a camp When fan planted withcovered the earth with germs he which welcome may is to sing all night custom and make

deep in the woman's flesh. By way breezes, or, when angered, can upnoises to drive the evil spirits away.

in its elucidation of everything destroy were root I told him and germs chip pine of pitch the wood in A tiny little path. water then bugs. Parashont Running and rolling mused hair the over an as temple is worn

half security. not so added who We flint rock—flintto himself,rock"Oldall right—whiteIndian use sandsfor goodhaveandeachfor eviltheiraccordingcapabilitiesto long of asafetida ago bags hung little

their knife no own pleasure.man bugs—next our about necks to ward off disease good—got Certain time flint rock."animals and trees are beHis treatment was laugh. need not

right but he had the wrong tools. lieved to have been endowed by the

certain rock that stands alone In justice I should say that Ingods with special spiritual powers. A

dians know the true medicinal qualThe coyote, the bear and the eagle on the Escalante Desert in Southern ities of many plants and herbs and are notable examples. The coyote, Utah is believed to be possessed of

use them intelligently. They have however, became a traitor and fell healing powers. This was revealed

a good knowledge of physics and from grace. He is now the most to some Indian seer in a dream censick man picks a pebemetics, of counterirritants and of despised of animals. The badger turies ago. A

the use of hot and cold packs. It was once a great personage but in a ble from the bed of his home stream

is generally the severe cases of sickjealous fury he set the world on fire. and carries it to the mystic stone.

ness which they cannot understand, For his folly he was stripped of his If reaching there entails suffering, or which do not yield to their simple godlike vestments and reduced to it is all the better. He lays his stone

remedies, that call forth the mystifyhis present humble estate. on top of Poarimp timp, the doctor

ing incantations or the devilrepuls- Believing in the mystic powers rock, and with the approved "rigaing concoctions of doctor and mediand spiritual endowments possessed marole"says "Doctor rock, my head, cine man. The Piutes have outgrown by these favored beings, the childmy legs or my lungs (as the case

many of these foolish ideas and are like Indian turned naturally to them may be) are sick. Make me better

turning more and more to the white to seek their spiritual patronage. and this rock is your pay."In this

man's doctors for treatment. Thus he called upon the four winds, manner pebbles have piled deep

the waves, the clouds, the storms. In around the doctor rock. They have

all carried the been there from effort to draw upon themselves III. Legends, Taboos, and the streams radius mile in a hundred the desired the Piutes commitments

Animistic Beliefs concocted "medicines,"made sacriand deposited as pay by the innumfaith erable sick Indians inflicted torture had suffering who andDiute religious philosophy takes fices, in the mystic medicine of the powers themselves, devised enand upon cognizance of gods supreme in chantments that might attract favorstone.

evil, spirits of ofpower, and good ones. the great able compassion from cited, like revealthese Examples devil ghosts,witches of a and and there a lucky and Here was man superstitions, multiing Piute can be his bidtowith of hordes imps do his for out reaching rewarded is indefinitely. into plied abunThere an ecclesiastical ding. Indian's The utter receiving darkness a magic by the this sort of of story dance on is of as thatpasture wellstocked as

his palefaced brother. Oonu-pit, surface of Indian religious converthe devil, is the source of all evil. sation and the superficial, or beginConversely he may inspire much ning student, hearing them is apt

that is good, but his good is not unto assume that he has sounded the mixed with evil. He is a personage depths of Indian faith and theol-

( igy. Such assumption is comparin human form but may appear in

many shapes and proportions. He able with judging the religion of

may assume the appearance of an Christian America by its superstianimal or even a tree or a stone. He tions and fairy tales. Men do not

has many times been seen in his true as a rule discuss on first acquaintform but always at night. Oonupit ance their inmost religious convicworks through many agencies. Intions. With most of us these are

deed he may use any agency that sacred questions. The Indian has

will lend itself to him. Certain birds, been laughed at so much that he is

moths, animals, and even men, as aleven more reticent about exposing ready cited, may be his emissaries to the white man's ridicule his reand they do not always know whom INDIAN JOHNNIE LYING ON THE DOCTOR ROCK ligious concepts. In all my contacts

they serve. They carry disease, THEAS THEPILESICKOF INDIANSPEBBLES USEDAROUNDTO THEDO. ROCK.NOTE with the Piutes I have never laughsuspicion, lies, accidents, trouble, ed at their stories however foolish

and they make "bad medicine."key that would prove to be the they might appear, yet it was years

The Piute is an animist. He be- "open sesame"to some occult treasbefore I could get them to discuss

lieves that all things possess inherent ure house. The songs sung in the their sacred legends freely with me.

life, and having life, they have also ceremonial dances are said to have Some of the stories told me I am intelligence and power. They may been received originally by Indian pledged never to tell to a white man.

react to curse or to bless the red man musicians in dreams. Charms and They were given to me only after

during his sojourn upon the earth. enchantments against disease and my adoption into the tribe and 1

The clouds spread themselves like all forms of Indian enemies were shall not violate the confidence.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1936

IV. The Deeper Beliefs and property. In the olden days before These Indians have a flood traConvictions the white man's laws interfered, her dition very similar to the Bible story

departure was often expedited with except that it is confused with the

TPhe great questions that have a blow on the head or a welldirected six days of creation and the seventh challenged the white race have arrow. The warrior's horse was day of rest. The earth in the bealso pressed themselves upon the tied near his grave and killed. Inginning was laid down in hills and

red man: birth, life, and its purposes, valleys. It rained hard for six days

death and what lies beyond, Omand filled all the hollows with water.

nipotence and man's relation to it, On the seventh day a terrific wind hunger, hatred, love, the passions blew and spread the water out over that rule him, storm and sunshine the hill tops.

and the changing of the seasons. They tell of a man made of earth

The Indian has been in stubborn and molded in the image of God.

contact with the elemental forces of Some of them say that the god Shinnature and his mind, like the white ob lay down upon the ground while man's, has "been groping blindly in Tobats, the greater god, packed mud the darkness"for an explanation of around him. Into the mold thus

it all. He may be simple and childconstructed the gods poured ooze

ish in his cosmic conceptions, but as from the edge of a bog, then skimtouching the great questions of life ming vapor that rose from a hot it is surprising to discover how often spring they poured it upon the manthe philosophies of red man and iMmf&E&s$m%mmm form until life quickened within it.

white touch common ground.

tell of of a confusion The Piutes Piute theology teaches that man ANOTHER VIEW OF THE DOCTOR ROCK all lived tothings tongues. Onceis a dual of nuoo- being composed

an, like the things body, animate the mogo-ab, and his gun or bow getherall spokein friendshipthe same andlanguage,peace. Theysang

spirit. spirit lives his arrows, saddle, and on independThe his bedding

ent of the body. It is indestructible. and cooking utensils also had souls, the same songs, and met together

council daily great friends in the as spirits die, their great in his and since he might need them menWhen all the things. living of day One If travels, theygo to the hunting him. were buried happy ground. with

great coyote, personage a was who is spirit their that insure to the ask where exodusyou you may be To traitor beturned them, and amongtold killed these land sabe "no me, sometimes were mogo-ab no make the animals. to smaller prey gan upon laidtracks."Spirits the with (broken) of the great away when may in brush the out remained and Helinger or around, they return body. may smaller animals the he met whenat will tribal chief's to the child the died a country where When the say shake hands and he would tribe child, often exercisethey sometimes influence another slew benign good morning, then he would holdover their earthly loved ones. perhaps a loved companion, so that

eat fast up. them and them The

little spirit might have company Piute holds clear ideas the cut The the little among round went travels to land. word on its the unknownabout hereafter the his place and fear in hid themselves they folks and

in it. His terrestrial world is filled Spirits of bad Indians have to reand came no more to the council

with spirits of the good and the main on earth. They hover around meeting.

bad, and with incorporeal forces that the old camp grounds and inspire pull him sometimes this way and much of the evil and trouble that When the truth became known, sometimes that, but he has implicit happens, but the living have certain there was sorrow among the big faith that when his link of life is enchantments and taboos to protect animals for they loved the little ones.

broken, his spirit, fully conscious of themselves against such mischievous In council the big ones came to look its identity and its surroundings, influences. The spirit of a suicide with suspicion upon all present. In

goes on to another cycle of existence. wanders through eternity alone. All their hearts they said "Who next

He believes also that the nature of the time he wants company and will turn bad?"Soon fear and disthat second estate will depend much longs for his wife and family, but no trust spread among all the animals,

upon how he lives in this one. He spirit may ever associate with him. and in sheer selfprotection, the

assumes that the life to come, in This is the terrible punishment for common language which the gods some sort of way, is a projection selfdestruction. Suicide was exhad given them ceased to be spoken

into eternity of this life. His temceedingly rare among the Piutes unand every species of animal made

perament and tastes carry over, and til the white man broke down much umpugA its own speech, so the the occupations that afford him of the ancient faith. others would not know what they

greatest pleasure here will be his Bravery and courage are the virsaid. Now the godgiven tongue is

unrestricted pastimes in the spirit tues most approved of the gods. forgotten and there is no way by

land if he has lived according to the Such questions as honesty and chaswhich Soparoievan, the council

Indian standards of good. The seatity are taught as necessary tribal of all living things can ever again

son that gives him greatest discomregulations rather than as spiritual be held. Enmity must remain forfort, its hunger, cold winter with and graces. principles These seem It to ever. Indian is only a simple

is hunting the banished from happy little of to the concern gods. be Murlegend, ever written nothing butground. is a Indian heaven The is viowithin the tribe der a serious portrays the baneful more clearly flowers,land of eternal sunshine, lation law, the outside of sacred but

and fat game. tribe, unless committed in a cowand neverending consequences of

When a widow dies she goes at ardly manner, may be an approved a traitorous act.

once to her husband. She is his demonstration of stamina. {Continued on page 575)

"Sailing sheltered SEAS // By RACHEL GRANT TAYLOR

N'[orthPresidentto Alaska,Grant andAmerica'sseven oflasthis daughters,frontier, withand

TAYLOR, "SAILING RACHEL GRANT THE a party of more than a hundred congenial traveling comSHELTERED ABOARD SEAS"

S. S. ALEUTIAN. panions, is a story that lacks no element of interest, as the

friendly arctic beckons the traveler to partake of its.

prodigal summer.

TheJulytelephoneday, and whenrang onI answeredan early

I heard father's voice saying:

"Good morning, my dear daughter, would you like to go to Alaska with / us?"In response to my ready acceptance came the information:

"We're sailing from Seattle on the 17th."Just as simple as that! Father is

always taking one or two of his girls with him on his frequent journeys.

But this time it was different: not

one but all nine of his daughters were included in the invitation. S. S. ALEUTIAN

Mary and Grace felt that they only time one feels gratitude for a go,couldn't but seven of us began is Taylor, reGrant Rachel author, life insurance upon company The bags.to pack our daughters seven of one of the an or ceipt check of an annuity when

call, trip the a telephone made and President Grant Another who I grateful dies. risk But insured was

article, this is a in described woman is said: Richfriendly voice "This Insurance Beneficial Life to the introneeds no gifts. She of many to are goingard I hear Evans. you its sucfor giving to most Improveto readers duction "The of Company

Alaska with your father, and I have cessful agents this trip to Alaska. ment Era"nor to the Church meman ask. favor to yearsa as Will you write a whole. many bership Her hundred of the one Seventyfour

the General service as a of member for the of voyageaccount your seven passengers making up the Women's our ofBoard Young of MuEral"the Benewith connected party are Association a tual were Improvement "Say, this is a pleasure trip, and ficial Life Insurance Company, and matter of record, as are also her

I it into anto the work,"missionturn distinct contributions wouldyou of the advantage rest of us the had during her Church cause ary of theswered. this group. traveling with her association with husband, active travels with President the "When largAleutian, ship, his 5. 5. the presidency during Taylor, Our H. John

it is daughtershis seven wife and States Mission the and Northern over est Steamship of the Alaska Com- a just perevent. fewan the I want S. Missionary L. over D. Home polished, and pany's fleet—scrubbed City. Mrs. in Salt of One Lake picsonal impressions and some lining stewards whitecoated with recent accomplishments Taylor's mosttures!"receive to is in the the painting water landscapes of gangplank—waited I "I'll said: try."original colors. Alaskan her of Two glanced board, us. hurried on We

in color, originally painted sketches, I left Father, and Augusta Aunt cabins, at comfortable compact, our in white black and are reproduced train about City withSalt by Lake deck. to the upper rushed and fells article, this which with of

thirty of the one hundred and seven All passengers were supplied liberAmerica's last frontier—a land of

people who comprised the group ally with serpentine, and as the boat more than half a million square miles, in 1867 Russia for from trip. others came themaking The the purchased wove from the moved pier we million seven than slightly more other points train auto, from or byby rainbow with space widening slowly is to only land dollars—a which home

of origination, and we met them at colored threads. sixtytwo thousand people, but dear

the dock in Seattle. When a train leaves a city, the to many for its beauty and tradition.

It is generally supposed that the conductor calls "All aboard,"and

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1936

games inside, or indulge in shuffle stretched out like a great lake lined board, ring tennis, quoits or golf with densely wooded shores silhouputting on the upper deck; to sing, etted against snowcapped mountain

to dance or to eat! Besides three ranges. There were uncounted

regular meals a day, there was hot islands, green gems set in a crystal bouillon at eleven a. m. and an evesea, displaying their varicolored

ning snack at ten or eleven p. m., rock mountings at low tide.

and fruit brought on request to our "Sailing the sheltered seas"we staterooms. seemed so far from the busy haunts

But best of all was the opportunity of men. And yet in the evening as

to rest in a sheltered spot and let we gathered in the forward lounge, the beauty of mountain, sea, and over the radio came the voice of our sky gently tquch the strings of the friend Earl Glade announcing a heart and play a neverto-befor- KSL program in honor of our party.

gotten symphony. There was a conThe beautiful music of Virginia

stant fascination in watching the Freeze Barker, Annette Dinwoodey, changing panorama—narrow windand Becky Almond, colorful and

ing straits "between mountain walls clear, was a delightful goodnight to that rise sheer from the water's edge our first day on the Aleutian.

SNAPPED MRS. GRANT ANDPRESIDENT three to heights thousand of one DECK. to STROLLING THEAS THEY WERE

into sailing the our cruise we made stops feet", then thousand more open spaces where the sea Duringat Metlakatla, Ketchikan,with a few revolutions of the wheels, friends and city disappear. With a

boat the leave taking is more leisurely. We looked and looked, and

even when faces could not be distinguished we still heard farewell voices and saw waving hands. We

watched beautiful Seattle with its towering hometopped hills gradually fade away. As an escort out

to sea, hundreds of whitewinged gulls followed in the wake of our boat and made a picture of animated beauty against the blue sky and bluer sea.

If anyone on the boat had troubles, he must have checked them at the wharf, for a happier, more relaxed, more congenial group could not be found. We were allfree to suit our fancy—to stroll

around the deck, to read, to play

"FISHING BOATS AT KETCHIKAN"BY RACHEL

GRANT TAYLOR, SKETCHED IN WATER COLORS

FROM THE FISHING HARBOR, JULY, 1936. "LEAVING SKAGWAY"BY RACHEL GRANT TAYLOR. SKETCHED IN WATER COLORS FROM THE

r STERN OF THE S. S. ALEUTIAN, JULY, 1936.

Wrangell, Taku Glacier, Juneau,

Skagway, Fort Haines, and Sitka.

Metlakatla was different from any town or village I have ever seen no roads or wide plank autos—just sidewalks built high above the

ground level, with dense vegetation creeping up to and climbing over their edges. Here as in. many other

places in Alaska the buildings were on piles, as high as telephone poles, to protect them from the tide which rises twentyseven feet.

The town is administered entirely by native Alaskan Indians. William

Duncan, whose home and grave we visited, dedicated his life to the welfare of this people. There is a

fine church built by the natives. All

their earnings go into a community

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1936

was resting on the ground. It zigzaged in different directions, and

was held together with chains, so we could easily imagine what it would be like with high tide, when it becomes a floating bridge.

The relics at Chief Shake's were among the finest we saw. There

were the most beautifully woven

Indian baskets, some valued at a dollars. time thousand For the firstPART BENEFICIAL LIFE OF THE INSURANCE

Indian blankets trimmed sawCOMPANY PARTY ALASKAN who lined the boat rail. They seemwe THE WHO MADE

TRIP. VICE GEORGE EXECUTIVE familiar face. ed to for a be looking tiny pearl buttons. with There was ISPRESIDENT OF KNEELSEEN THEJ. COMPANY,CANNON,

filled girl's the with arms were TheING AT ON LEFT THE EXTREME THE FRONT fine ceremonial rug. one especially

ROW. most beautiful flowers. Soon the In making such rugs a man draws

man saw father and called out, the colored pattern; then the woman

budget. Fishing and the canneries "President Grant! President Grant!"who is to weave the rug goes through

are their means of livelihood. Fishand we decided that the flowers a state of purification through fastermen are paid from four cents to were for him. What was my suring and prayer. If the woman folseven cents a pound for fish. Gasprise when I walked down the ganglows the pattern exactly, all is well;

oline launches go from port to port plank to have Evelyn Winn, who but if she cannot do so, it proves, collecting fish just as our dairies colhad been one of my students at the according to native belief, that she lect milk. The fish have to be can- L. D. S. University when I was did not have the right spirit.

ned within twentyfour hours. The teaching there, bring the flowers to

thoroughness of cleaning the and me, then present a and most beauinteresting stops our of most Onesanitary process of canning us tiful made to corsage Augusta. Aunt The at Glacier. Before was Tahu

feel is that salmon of highAlaskan flowers brightened stateroom our glacier reaching the passed we est grade. all rest during the of the journey and fields, ice the of through within view

streets of the along I walked As I last the at night on dinner wore icebergs. appeared many TheyMetlakatla Indian met and so many a spray of foxglove that told small, but as a farewell to very were we

shirts ingirls, most of dressed them flowers the of Alaska. their only oneeighth bulk is seen of

and overalls, I saw that they were Evelyn introduced me to her husabove water.

appreciative latest of the feminine band, Charles DeRemer. He W. presents Glacier an awe- "Tahu

: innecessity hairdressing almost first in father had met Kansas when inspiring palisade ice of blue nearly girlevery a permanent had wave. laboring as there missionary. a The rises a mile wide hundred two and at strange to It seemed Ketchikan into took us DeRemers the of one feet water's the edge,"from Our in righthave boat our the busidock fish storage plants therthe where for close ship to stopped Tahu, and district. isness possible This beforty mometer was degrees below too quickly that passed an hour wecause of so buildings having many zero. said entering our They had

built outbeen over the water. Here raised the temperature eleven deMT. MCKINLEY

first our experiencewas with souvepierce After of hundreds to it attempts the sky grees that and take fourwould peaks, her with the North mountain conAmericannir shops. traveler the Tempting it teen to restore hours forty. to its rises tinent finally lofty in to height the 20,300 histo part with to be seems money of peak majestic foot or McKinley, Mt. "Denali"filled all sizes, with fish of Rooms

of (The the colorful more the Sun) which Homethe thriving business of most Alaska.

native rises sorted piled feet name. ceiling McKinley high, from and is18,000 were

in tableland supports its base, this and fishing that of the harbor boats The on every side. the respect is the stupendous surface the most on mass itswith forest of masts made me earth. of the

is In the the of foreground drawing Shake's food Chief a typical Comfor We visitedwish brush, the and my paint of characteristic interior Alaska's country. munity House. This was ourskill to transfer scene to high stilts, the on paper. stored the first cache,Mounted food is here

wild animals. safe from beOn the return trip my sister Florence experience at low tide, and the plank to Glenn Woodblock by

and I did sketch one or two of the walk we took to the Chief's house Courtesy AlaskaSheckels,SteamshipReproducedCompany.bg

hundreds of fishing boats.

Walking out through the city we came to Ketchikan Creek, with its cascade of falls. This creek is one

leading to the salmon spawning grounds. Along its edge the town

has built a wooden salmon ladder to make it easier for the fish to go up stream. At Totem Pole Park we

saw the first of these towering, grotesquely carved poles—characteristic relics of the peoples who lived

in Alaska many years ago.

The stopping of a boat at these small Alaskan cities seems to be an event for the citizens, and usually there is a crowd at the dock. As we

approached Wrangell I noticed a man and girl scanning the passengers

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1936

broken away, leaving a marvelous wavering lines the surrounding rugged ice cavern of the deepest blue beauty. Towering sharpbladed

imaginable. In contrast to this mountains, bathed in lavender, cut

beauty was the dull siltladen river the distant sky, and on every side flowing from the glacier's bed. from the water's edge rose thickly

Every morning at breakfast there wooded slopes. It was one of those

was a letter from the ship's officers marvelous northern nights when telling us of the prospects for the twilight lingers to meet the dawn.

day. Regarding Skagway it said: Sitka, our last Alaskan port of

call, is "The Pearl of the Pacific."

folks: of the Trail."morning "End Good the Even the misty rain which was are in the here Well, City of Mystic we

Golden North, which has been transcribed falling when we arrived failed in song and story for so many years. to obscure the beauty of that pearl.

Skagway was the end of the trail for many Beautiful islands, their bases at low of the gang of '9899, those restless men tide encircled with goldcolored who sought the pot of gold at the rainbow's end. This was the mecca for those thouwreaths of sea flowers, dot the bay.

sands who left their homes in the states for Lover's Lane, through a veritable the goldfevered north. Many of them forest primeval, was an outstanding

perished Chilkoat dreaded and on White Catholic spot, beauty the Greek and

Passes also claimed of hundreds which pack relics with its of Alaskan Museum life horses tons and of of hundreds many sustaining freight. pictures, robes, common cups and

On the rock cliff, across the wharf, you crosses was most interesting.

will see the emblems of the many ships who here. ships called of these have Some and HThe social activities on the boat

these of the signs painted some men who

Sheckels, bg steward varied. by Glenn Reproduced Woodblock deck were The history into the of have passed on and Courtesy Alaska Company. Steamship that entire to seeing time his last frontier. devoted Alaska, America's Their names ALASKA'S OF WILDS THE MONARCH

Alaska is without a rival in respect to the number and works still stand as one of the emblems we enjoyed ourselves. There was

varieties variety of bear.and than thirteen No fewer of the Northland. an orchestra of three charming and distinct to fourare recognized belonging by scientists,

grizzlies, polar black brown, andtypes; the the the

bears. bear, or shown Kodiak, Alaska brown The

animals in Skagway is a town of four huntalentedand dinnergirlsandwhofor playedthe dancesfor inlunchthe carnivorous largestthe is the of the drawing, people. ninety dred thousand over weighingof earth, the two oftentimes Once its populast a night was evenings. The becausepounds. of are bears widely These known lation fifteen hundred. was size, ferocity. strength, conandtheir Sportsmen a everyone had This masquerade and

itsider a true mark of their ability as huntsmen to place was the starting point for the good time, if only marveling at the bear.bag an Alaska brown

gold seekers headed for the Kloningenuity of the designs of the cosdike. broken down, abandoned A created with such limited tumes of frozen this colorfulwatched mass pier builddilapidated, deserted and facilities and materials. ship's Blasts whisbeauty. from the tell a ings days. tale of busier The

tle failed to dislodge any ice, but ghosts of the goldcrazed crowd brought back double echoes which and sharpshooting gamblers must seemed minutes apart. smile a twisted smile, for a cultured,

To think of Alaska is to think of lowvoiced lady with the loveliest gold. As we approached the capital garden in Alaska has come to supcity, Juneau, high on the mountain plant them. Blanchard's Gardens

side was the mill of the Alaskan occupy but a few rods, but for size

Juneau mine, probably the largest of blossoms and masses of color I quartz mill in the world. It is equiphave never seen their equal. The

ped to handle twelve thousand tons delphiniums stood a foot above faof ore every twentyfour hours. The ther's head and the hanging baskets

mill is fed through one of the world's of begonias showed such a promost famous tunnels reaching back fusion of blossoms that the leaves a distance of more than six miles to were buried in their depths. The

the mine in Silver Bow Basin. long hours'summer light of the

The Nugget Shop in Juneau was Arctic bring flowers to their suoutstanding for its fine display of preme beauty.

carved ivory, Indian handicraft, and interesting souvenirs. There a room WE arrived at Chilkoot Baris devoted to the paintings of Sidney W'henracks, Uncle Sam's most northLawrence, one of the world's greaternly army post, it was evening.

est outdoor painters. He portrays in The soldiers were at the dock to

many canvasses the spirit of a vanmeet our boat, and applauded our ishing race, and has captured in their singing of old refrains as the gangtruly marvelous colors the beauty of plank was being put in place. Our WoodblockCourtesyby GlennAlaskaSheckels,SteamshipReproducedCompany.by

Alaska's sea, sky, and towering soldiers looked like mere boys, and FISHING

Is industries of colorful of One the Alaska mostmountains. at that. rather homesick boys There

that of air followed her an by fishermen—casting

villages. small of her in Old about a our some Norway The the barracks dance in was to see the drove out MendenWe alone, value Alaska's of pack, salmon yearly exceeds honor.hall Glacier. Mendenhall more gold her of annual times by was that production, many

accommodating than Taku, and had About midnight we returned to forthan therefrom areall morethe fisheriesfish takenof fromthe AtlanticAlaskan watersCoast.

in every almost Alaskan are to be seen forprepared the our reception the boat. day sea The still was a shinare these waters rich with "silver thebefore lake, pieces of ing pastelcolored huge mirroring ice had when in harbor—forofFishingthe sea."boats

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1936

that he had been an officer on the to the open sea for about six hours

Willapa when Presidents Wilford before it reaches White Stone NarWoodruff, George Q. Cannon, Josrows. We were told that the Capeph F. Smith, and their party went tain had received a radio advising

to Alaska in the '90's. Captain Nord that the sea was rough and had deshowed us many charts giving the cided to go through the Narrows.

sailing routes and recorded depths Captain Nord told me: "This is the

of the Alaskan sea. "All these charts first time this boat has been through

of narrows with green have been these Narrows. Of course, I've been

wiredragged and we know the through thousands of times, but not depth at all places,"he explained, on such a large boat. There isn't

"but the others are just marked in much room. There are only four

the spots that depth has been measfathoms of water. I have to make

ured. We used to go through these a sharper turn with a twin screw

PRESIDENT AND MRS. GRANT (SEATED) AND channels when there were no lights, boat. But you can always twist

THE SEVEN DAUGHTERS ACCOMPANIED WHO SEAS. or buoys, or anything. The Willapa them around. All you have to do is THEM AS THEY SHELTERED SAILED THE

STANDING, LEFT TO RIGHT: MRS. GEORGE was a small ship, carrying sixty first to back one engine and go ahead

J.ASHCANNON,BY D. BOYLE,MRS. MRS.J. GEORGEWALLACEMIDGLEY,F. BENNETT,MRS. class and thirty second class paswith the other like a rowboat—with

R. SMITH, MRS. WILLARD MRS. JOHN H. sengers. We all were acquainted one oar you pull ahead, and with TAYLOR, MRS. CLIFFORD E. YOUNG

just like a big family. I wasn't capthe other you pull the other way."

afternoon Sunday we gathOn tain then, just plain Gus—second T)ioneer Day is dear to the hearts in serered the lounge for Church

vices, during which several talented of Utahns, and arrangements of sacred party our sangmembers Manyflag ofbutusthedon'tAlaskansknow ourhavestateno twentyfourthhad been madeof Julyto oncelebrateboard ship.thesongs, father with address and an by

theirs. It trouble remembering a proeach plate dinner was by is Atcongregational the in the night singing completing mirrored every sky—invitation to a pageant an gram,the services. of blue: on Golden Dipper a field

To be invited into the pilot house "Building an Empire in the West"on the bridge was a privilege. CapEight stars of gold on a field of the script for which had been revised

bluethat continuity from a adapted and fine C. Andersen was atain O.

it flag. ofAlaska's to you mean May presented shortly before been hadficer gracious host. a and and He sea, the of the sky. evening blue The

father enjoyed exchanging experiThe mountain lakes, and the flowers on the nationwide Columbia network ences. The Captain went to sea nearby; during the "American School of the

early sourdough's gold of the The period. Air"his ship father's heon was when dreams, the lounge we entered When sent years backtwo old, and was gold precious of the to The

to capacity. crowded hills and was A stageit died. his streams; mother whenNorway

lightwith excellent stars brilliant in the northern had been set up The his father fourteen he wasWhen 575) on page sky, (Concluded his sailor's chest to packtold him the "Dipper"—and "Bear"—The

which in those days included everyshining high THE LOVERS'LANE OF THE SEVEN SEAS thing a sailor used, even to his plate The great North Star with its steady The inside passage, extending some thousand miles is longest and the most light, to Seattle Skagway, from knife fork. Captain Anand and

in the world. So sheltered oceanhighway bright. scenic a sea land and beacon Over life in eversailor's limitless, vast, its those said and fordersen heralded a widely Alaska's dear, to Alaskans flag—cathedralaisled this enchanting unfolding beauty, like today: nothingdays was flag of last frontier. fitting the itself.the simple of lane for name a has ocean won The

Seven Seas."of the Lane incruises sailing vesof ninety days

Sheckels, by Reproduced Glenn by—Marie Drake. "Lover'sWoodblock

thatsels, food unvaried so poor and Company. Steamship Alaska Courtesy

often half the crew were disabled, water so precious that it was measmate. When we went up to see the

ured out for each man's individual Muir Glacier there was no dock. I

bag, and each sailor kept his bag had on my rubber boots and I used locked. to carry the ladies ashore on my

Captain Andersen liked a joke, shoulders, and, like your party, they and as we were waiting for the tide didn't smoke cigarettes either."

that would make the narrows ahead There had been a thick fog settle navigable, one of the men of our down the night before as we were party, confused in his directions, about to go through Plymouth said: "Captain, this boat is going Channel, and the fog horn sounded

in the wrong direction!""All right,"at regular intervals. In the mornthe Captain answered, "We'll go the ing I asked Captain Nord if there

other way,"and the boat slowly had been much danger of meeting turned around. The man's wife other ships. To my surprise

spoke up and said: "Don't pay any he said: "We steer through Plyattention to him. The direction was mouth Channel by echo all the time.

right before,"and the Captain said, If the echoes come back at the same "We'll change back,"and we did. time, then we know that we are right

Our pilot, J. C. Nord, was an old in the middle; but if an echo comes

Norwegian sea captain who, with more quickly from one side than the the exception of eight months, had other, we know we are closer to that been sailing the Alaskan seas since side."

1892. We were surprised to find Ordinarily the Aleutian sails in542

CUTHBERT STEPS OUT

This is the second Cuthbert story by the budding of social woes the in which author, scars, the one both it shows my old. for and mirth young youth make the one boil that and I had where

BY wherecan! Tubby hit me with a tomato

his answered mother "Well,"been had ESTELLE shows boil scar always "the it all life, girls to hisexposed but was it G'uthbert is cut; is freshly hair your until fifteenth his that theynot year WEBB whenmildly, are neck. quite Now, on your low seriously. affect tobegan him To

ready for dinner, Cuthbert?be sure, he had always sent his best THOMAS you

is getting impatient!"valentine, next to Teacher's, to Daddy

eat,"to anything "I don't want at various had,Helen and Ward, "I don't gloomily, Cuthbert, you act said here, Coppy, see "Now,times, large and unsymmetworn there Besides, like eating. bus old feel that little kid! Leave arical tattooed, or he like what H W a both for gotta isn't supper and listen here. You've room me alone and his tattooed,fondly upon hoped was pants."and in now, white a Freshie, you're them

it girls in remember to butarms; came when mother, his corrected responsibility.""Those,"a little havegeneral, take could Cuthbert them

it aren't difficult as mechanically. you conversation, "Why, This it alone, leaveor and them was are dinner, you? without going any and conscientious for Tubby, was latter. that theusually had he Not have fried chicken!"anything in particular against the even more so for Cuthbert, who had We

from to facile mind his none to dragspecies, to there but be no seemed life of his interest absorbing the and LiUTHBERT surveyed himfull over- a life already toplace in flowing for the gentle art of chivtry to concentrate on a subject which self morosely in the mirror. He

thought given no heretofore he had not menhis mother had wished Italry. Bradley who was Tubby fact finally, in the all, resulted him chicken. tioned fried It madefinally of at his sweet disturbed dream evelate beautiful summer that one refrain anyfrom to feel romantic blissful the hourspeace and wrecked of prepathroes in the him saw she as food, thing so and mundane talk of ning endlessof with his vacation

in the given to be for a dance ration fried resist never could he knewgirls.

hall Exby the amusement chicken. "Listen, had ward Coppy"—Cuthbert of the classes plorer and Junior He muttered in what he hoped when by that "Coppy"become

I. A. "Well, manner, offhand M. an was trick thatstrange sometimes Nature mother, nervous exhaustion in His a leg. to it. I might gnaw lead me little his boys, feet hadplays on

I can't sit down though, account ofbecome large adult appendages atevery line, divided her time between tached to his boyish person. Policehurried trips to the kitchen where the creases in the back."

men were traditionally a largefoot- she was in the process of preparing "Now, Cuthbert, you're not goed race, hence the nickname. dinner, and her bedroom, whence ing to bring a piece of fried chicken

protesting the moved she had put Cuthand took"Listen, never even Coppy, you earlier. half hour bert some like table downyou—here on my dressing winter, did you? once, lasta girl out those run up "I cannot simply sake! Pete's for Mother, "Aw, to dance?"even CommencementNot she Cuthbert,"tonight, stairs again I'll table! the But stand and go by not!"Cuthbert crawled "Course

"You'll I firmly, said, have eat tie had before to you'll have to tie my vehicle the ancient he underfrom I'll get grease on it—Goodlovingly called his "car"and abfinish your dressing down here."—no,

sently wiping another smudge across Now, he was surveying the back Friday, let it go! I can starve!"

his already blackly streaked foreof his head disgustedly in her dresser Nevertheless, he appeared in the head, said proudly, "There! I'll bet glass, by the aid of a handmirror, dining room almost as soon as his

she'll run as pretty as you please, into which he scowlingly peered. parents sat down to the table and,

now! His mother came wearily at his call standing by his place, consumed

"Well, you got to think of those to corroborate his opinion of the large slices of bread and butter and things,"continued Tubby. "That barber. chicken, a napkin draped around his

is, if you want to be somebody in "That barber sure fixed me up, neck, and his body describing an the community, you have. That is, didn't he?"he demanded, belligerobtuse angle in his efforts to protect

in a social way."ently. "Wonder if he thought he the immaculate trousers. The re-

"What things?"was tanning a hide? Cut it so close [Continued on page 576)

EMIGRATION FROM EUROPE IN 1856 Tn the Thirteenth General Epistle

First Salt Presidency dated * of the The journal the folCity. 29, 1855, October Lake

lowing instructions were given: "Let all the Saints who can, gather OF

up for Zion, and come while the wag is open before them; let the poor also

come, whether they receive aid or not from the {Perpetual Emigration)

Fund; on foot, with let them come ARCHER WALTERS

let handcarts, or wheelbarrows;

them gird up their loins and walk through, and nothing shall hinder or PART II them. stay

"In regard to the foreign emigration another year, let them pursue the northern route from Boston, New

York or Philadelphia, and land at

Iowa City or the then terminus of the railroad; there let them be provided with handcarts on which to

draw their provisions and clothing;

then walk and draw them, thereby saving the immense expense every year for teams and outfits for crossing the plains.

"We are sanguine that such a train will outtravel any oxteam that can be started. They should have a few

good cows to furnish milk, and a few beef cattle to drive and butcher as they may need. In this way the

expense, risk, loss and perplexity of teams will be obviated and the Saints will more effectually escape the scenes of distress, anguish and death which have often laid so many of our brethren and sisters in the dust.

purpose sending of faith men "We experience suitable with in- \\7e continue herewith the selftold story of a man, who, with his and some structions to some proper outfitting devoted wife and five children, left home and country and comfort point, to carry into effect the above to cast his lot with those who were conquering the Great American Desert let suggestions; the Saints, therefore, for the privilege of worshipping in the Lord's appointed way.

the emigrate ensuing who intend to year, understand that they are exThe August installment of the Journal of Archer Walters, hitherto pected to walk and draw their lugunpublished, followed this fortyseven yearold English craftsman and his gage across the plains, and that they family from their comfortable living in Sheffield, to Liverpool and onto assisted will be by the Fund in no the uncertain high seas, on the sailing vessel Enoch Train, through hardship other {"Millennial wau."Star,"

Vol. XVIII, p. 54.) and privation, to a point somewhere far from any shore, in midAtlantic

In the "Millennial Star"of Febwaters:

ruary 23, 1856, was published a lengthy circular about the emigration of 1856. "The P. E. Fund emigrants,"said the circular, "will use APRIL 5TH, 1856 know how to feel thankful enough.

in handcarts crossing plains in the o'clock, All arose at 6 as Methodist once I was a If I was A beauwill their which they proviconvey tiful morning. with on deck to glory professed be, I should shout Many tent, sions, luggage. necessary and

... There will of course be means cheerful countenances. Henry betand Hallelujah. Two porpoises

provided for the conveyance of the ter. Some potatoes for breakfast were seen but they were thought to

aged, those infirm unable and from gruel. its working tomorand Double be whales. a whale Soon made

... to walk. any cause Saints The being the row April. Rations into appearance the water threw and 6th of all rest satisfied that their inmay

terest and comfort will be consulted served out, both beef and pork. Henthe air at a great height, all eyes

in the best possible manner by those ry well. Saw two ships sailing looking at it and my children all

men who will be charged with inslowly. The finest we have had astonished and asking a thousand

directly structions beloved from our

... since we left Liverpool. All the sick and one questions which I could not Prophet, Brother Brigham.

"The first two hundred miles of the on deck. Band playing, dancing answer. The sea is very calm and

journey from Iowa City will be and singing until a late hour. Cookthe ship almost standing still and

through a settled, graingrowing ing until 12 o'clock at night, tothe sun shines with a beautiful clear country, that it is expected where morrow being the anniversary of the sky. Water served out to the difsupplies provisions obcan be of

tained without the labor of hauling 6th of April. ferent wards. Two more fine

them any considerable distance. By whales seen rolling about on the

traveling this distance with the carts 6TH top of the water. Meeting called

lightly will loaded, the Saints have to order he Ferguson beautiful morning. by Pres. and No cook- A an excellent opportunity becoming of

ing, tea kettles boiled. only a it as well hold as we might Most said to accustomed walking, life, and camp

and thereby be better prepared for all up 7 o'clock washing and preparconference as it is the 6th of April, starting out on the plains."ing for a good time today. All my as it is held this day in Zion. The

{"Millennial Star,"Vol. XVIII, p. family are well and I thank my authorities were then presented 122.)

Heavenly Father for it; I do not and carried by their uplifted hands

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1936 and we all said "aye"at the same 9TH 13TH time. Bro. McAllison opened by Wet morning; not gaining much; Wet windy. Ship going ahead.

prayer. Band played "God Save wind ahead all day. Wet all day. All well and in first

The King"then Bro. McArthur rate spirits. A ship in sight some

spoke on the Kingdom of God and 10TH hours going the same way and all of being one law in all ages and His Windy, and wind more favorable. looking at it and all has something

cooking. Lost about mypeople one in all things a song Grumblers and to say or ask. very great many A poorly Tomilimer hat. very Henry Ellsthen Bro.by the congregation porpoises. all water seems The

worth spoke upon cleanliness. Song. and he says that he will never come alive with them. I saw many round

well again. the sea very Feel not onPrayer. children that blessed The bodies. with small heads, round A things but All myself am thankful. first bornhad been on board. little The instructions Hunt, from Bro.

named David; The second named will work right and will be for our McAll., Ferguson, etc. Trumpet

Enoch Train; The other a girl Regood. The wind still in the west. sounded for prayers. Sleep well.

becca Enoch. Conference adjournShip rolling and the sea rough; a Henry seems a deal better of his

ed until the 6th of next in deal of tacking about which makes sickness.

Utah. A beautiful day. All replenty of work for the sailors.

tired to rest cheerful and happy. 11TH 14TH

Trumpet sounded for prayers. Windy cold morning. Wind still Ship ran well all night and is goin the west. Felt better this morning well this morning. Rather a

7TH ing, thank God. Henry very sick dull day. We hope to be in Boston

Wind blowing contrary. Rather all night; my head ached after breaknext Monday if all's well. The

cold and windy. Saw no ships. fast; went to bed until 4; still no Bros, want me to shave. I do not

Quite dull and wet at times. Much better; was a deal better after prayknow what to do my top lip is so

grumbling about cooking. One man ers and the Presidents addressed on tender and I have not shaved myself

said if he could had his money and this 16 years passed I have and cleanliness, etc. cooking, on for Went

toget Liverpool, to he would go determined long mind own in my until watch 1 1 until rocked 2. Ship

it not,Hell but takes would if he as as soon I got ship a aboard morning. better; all better since Henry

little spirits tovery the some; prove I I until never shave again would this 12th day of April.

are.soon they on what show Went the Valley, reached not then and

watch from 8 o'clock to 11. 12TH until I was told. Band played;

Provisions served out today, the trumpet for prayers. The moon

8TH change of diet is worse for all of shined and the lads and lasses were

Rather wet morning, wind ahead us than the sickness of the sea. playing on deck until nearly 11

and has been for a week past. Still Henry almost sick if you mention o'clock.

some grumbling about cooking. 10 rice. Little Lydia the best amongst

gallons of water for every 100 perus all. A calm day up to 3 o'clock. 15TH

sons but none did we get. My famThe children glad to have some Ship rocked all night. Quite a

ily dissatisfied about the victuals; sugar. No sooner than we get our calm. Some grumbling by a brother.

expect they wilt get better as they pork than Harriet wanted the frying Many spirits. The body of a man

get used to it. Some could eat one pan. Busy on deck making and seen floating past the ship. A many

thing and some another; could not sewing tents; dancing commenced very poorly, principally old folks.

please all. But a biscuit and water at 6 o'clock, prayers at 8 o'clock Some council and instruction given

with health is a blessing for which and then it being a moonlight night about tobacco smoking, obedience,

I feel thankful. Dancing at night another half was given on deck; etc.

on deck. drop handkerchief; songs; and went

to bed. Ship sailed fast all night. 16TH

Wind began to blow and we have sailed middling all day.

>*-*. 17TH Good strong wind. Went on

watch 2 o'clock. Sister Mary

-v (Concluded on page 574)

in th t? Landmarks

NETHERLANDS MISSION By T. EDGAR LYON

President of the Netherlands Mission

THE THREE FRIESIAN FARMERS WHO STILLREMEMBER THE FIRST MORMON CONVERTS IN 18611936

THE NETHERLANDS MISSION, STANDING BY THE

CANAL IN WHICH THE FIRST BAPTISMS WERE

TO FROM LEFT PERFORMED. RIGHT: JAN Seventyfive years have seen the restored Gospel

J. ROS. HAAN DE JONG, JAN PRUIK, grow and flourish in europe's industrious lowland

country. Some highlights and landmarks of the

beginning of this threequarter-century story have

IN PRINT.Withseventyfifththe approachanniversaryof the been recorded by the author and are here preserved

of the coming of the Restored Gospel to the shores of the

Netherlands (August 5, 1936) inmarriage, and death registers in the terest turned back the pages of histown hall of Dantumadeel, a record tory to learn something of the first was found of the death of the first

Wiegers vanconverts, and also to locate the place two converts—Gerrit

where the first baptisms in the der Woude, and his wife, Boudina

Netherlands were performed. Other Potgieter van der Woude. The

than the names of the first three record indicated that they had reof death until the 1852 sided from been baptized,candidates who had in in 1886, van Brother der Woude little of residence,and their place the number bearing a house BK these of more known.was To learn revealinvestigation Further 317a. the motiveevents was and people

that took me one morning last May ed that this meant a house lying into Friesland, one of the most along a country lane named Broek, typically rural sections of the Nethwhich means "marsh''or "morass."

erlands. In the years that have elapsed THEGEtfRITSMALLVAN REDBRICKDER WOUDE HOUSEAND HISIN WIFE—WHICH

lane this old time, since that TO BE INTO BAPTIZED FIRST has THE PEOPLE in TWO year the memorable During

IN OCON THE CHURCH HOLLAND—LIVED village; of a the main street become comAmerica'swhich 1, 1861. TOBER {BROEK, BY Civil War AKKERWOUDE,

menced, two ordained Elders from many houses have been built; and PROVINCE OF FRIESLAND, NETHERLANDS.)

Utah landed at Rotterdam: Anne the numbers of the houses have been

W. van der Woude, a Frisian, origchanged, so that identification of the lately kept barn to the green meadinally from Franeker, Netherlands, house by this number was imposows nearby, directed me toward

and Paul A. Schettler, a German. sible. Nothing could be learned of Broek, indicating the direction by

Fired with the desire to acquaint the residence of the third party pointing his cane toward a clump his relatives with the divine truths mentioned in the record of the first of trees in the southwest.

restored by the Latterday Prophet, baptismal service. Suddenly the road swerved to

Elder van der Woude went into Armed with this scant informathe left, and a short distance farther various towns and villages of Friestion, I commenced to walk along the road on which I was walking land, where the seeds of the Gospel the highway toward the village of joined another road at right angles.

light fell upon fruitful ground. OcAkkerwoude, where I saw the quaint Reaching the junction I turned to

in the right, as the man had indicated,tober 1, 1861—less than two months old Dutch Reformed Church

but after taking a few steps, a feelafter his arrival—we find him bapwhich these good souls had wortizing his brother and sisterin-law shipped before the message of the ing came over me that I should turn

and another convert. Restoration reached them. Passing back. Standing perplexed, I reThe earliest Church membership through Akkerwoude, I pressed on membered that at the last farmhouse

records of this mission indicate that in a southwesterly direction, walking a short distance back I had seen these first converts lived at Broek along a narrow brick road built atop some farmers sitting near the cisby Akkerwoude, a village under the a dyke, toward Broek about two tern, engaged in conversation. I

rural municipality of Dantumadeel. miles distance. A kindly dairyman, decided to return and make further

After searching through the birth, driving his cows from the immacuinquiry.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1936

stood, but he feared that nothing venerable farmers walking toward was left of it, as he had but recently me as rapidly as their bowed and seen workmen tearing down a wall rheumatic legs would permit.

of the house. As they came near me, they inThe next item of interest had to quired if I had been able to locate

do with the possible place of bapthe place. Receiving an affirmative

tism. I knew that there was a small reply, Jan Pruik, with a trace of a

canal passing through Broek, navtwinkle in his set eyes, said, "I know igable for milk and vegetable barges. something else about this event that

It was quite near the van der Woude I'll wager you don't know."With

home. Before we had progressed urging he stated that after I had

VIEW OF THE CANAL IN WHICH THE FIRST this far in the conversation, my newleft their circle at the farm house,

NETHERCONVERTS CHURCH IN TO THE THE

PLACE BAPTIZED. AT ly made friends had guessed that I he had been thinking the matter THELANDS WERE

THEWHICH BAPTISMS PERFORMED—IN WERE the in the over, hence from and somewhere and "Mormon,"was a

SOCALLED "SOEKERIETHE WASCH"—that of easy one a recollection of dim past came an baptism was INCATED OF THE TO THE ISRIGHTLOsubject WATER BODY

NOT FAR PAST THE POINT OF LAND. (NEAR to introduce. I suggested that the first baptismal meeting. He did notBOEK, NETHERLANDS.) FRIESLAND,

van der Woudes had probably been know whether he had seen it himself

At the farmyard there were three baptizedhome, but inthisthemetcanalwith neara negativetheir aswhethera lad ofhefourhadandhearda halftheyears,storyor old men, bowed with years of response. told by his parents who had been

toil in the fields. They were now Mr. de Jong remembered that as present at the service. There was

too old for vigorous farm work and a boy he had worked with his father one thing, however, of which he was had gathered for a peaceful converwashing Friesan mud from sugar certain, and that was that a third sation. the proverbial Clad in baptized in barges before been bebeets sending them lady—had person—a trousers and jackets,patched Dutch Brother other factory. evening as and to the sugar on the same At

and wearing wooden shoes, they seasons of the year the same pond Sister van der Woude. "You didn't

formed a picture of repose and of water had been used for soaking know that, did you?"he asked.

peacefulness. After exchanging flax, in preparation for its manu- I had not mentioned this fact to

greetings, I asked the direction tofacture into linen. For this purpose them before, although I knew it.

ward Broek and was informed that a "soekerie wasch"had been conTo me it was evidence that I was the lefthand road should have been structed in a small canal, and walls dealing with people who were actaken. Thanking them for their ashad been constructed of brick along tually remembering the events, and

sistance, I was about to return to the banks to facilitate the handling not merely manufacturing them for the road, when I felt prompted to of the beets and flax. the entertainment of a stanger from

ask another question. He stated that as he had worked America. "Her name was Elizabeth

I asked if they had resided long there, year in and year out with his Wolters,"I stated. "Right you

in that locality. An affirmative father, he had often heard it told are,"he replied, as a light appeared

reply from each of the three—Jan that Gerrit van der Woude and his to glow within him. "I remember

Pruik,Ros—calledJan deforJong,anotherand question:Haan J. wifeened hadpond,beenat baptizedthe closein ofthisa deepday's itlaternow,movedElizabethto Groningen."Wolters; she

"Do any of you remember a Mr. work, by a "Mormon"missionary Jan de Jong lives in Broek, and as

van der Woude who formerly lived from America. The other three it was already lunch time, he said

in Broek, some fifty years ago?"although inclined to argue with each he would walk with me to the vilThis set these greyhaired men other concerning every statement lage, and point out the former resito recalling earlier days. By this that one of them made, remembered dence of the van der Woude family.

time the wife of farmer Ros had this very well. The wife of farmer While walking along the roadway

joined the group—strangers are a Ros, whose mind was keener than he hailed a boy who was riding by

curiosity in these rural districts and the others, was able to tell in greater on a bicycle, and called to him to—andcuriosityshe,hadalongtriumphedwith theovermen,reservecomthesedetail earlycertainevents,thingswhichconcerninggave evistop."Here isIntroducinga greatgrandsonhim, heof Gerritsaid:

menced to think and repeat, "van dence that she was well acquainted van der Woude."The lad was a

der Woude, van der Woude."with the family and the events for descendant of our first convert in the

Then suddenly one of them said, which I was seeking. Netherlands, but his grandparents

"Do you mean Gerrit van der (Concluded on page 573)

Woude?"Then followed a barrage Uaving been directed toward the ANOTHER VIEW OF THE CANAL IN WHICH THE

FIRST BAPTISMS HOLLAND of statements that convinced me spot indicated—it was but a WERE PERFORMED.IN THIS DISPENSATION IN

that I had been led to the proper short distance from the road I had place. formerly traveled—1 found the place

Here were three old men and as they had described. A hospitable

one woman, residing in different caretaker of a windmill allowed me parts of the region, who had, on this to enter his field and search for this particular day, come together to chat openair baptismal font. After huntand discuss things old and new. ing about for remains of the brick

All of them had known both Gerrit walls or masonry, I satisfied myself van der Woude and his wife. They that the place had been discovered,

remembered well the house in which and took a number of photos of the he had lived, and remembered his site.

funeral. Mr. de Jong said that he As I commenced to retrace steps

could show me where the house had toward the Ros farm, I saw the three

She was different By MELBA ALLEN A SHORT SHORT wanted to, because she mustn't be was different she knew E|LLENit deep down inside; even STORY, COMPLETE different. She danced till she felt

if she hadn't felt it, she could not ON THIS PAGE like drowning the orchestra; she

have long remained in ignorance. went bathing; she helped devour

Society and her friends would not clams at a bake on the beach, and let her. "Ellen's different, you numberless other things she abhorknow."She was sick of hearing red because Bob liked her—she liked

it, and almost tired of life. him, and he must not see she was

Why couldn't they give her a different.

little peace, or change the wording Then Bob went away for a week.

a little?—that might break the Ellen heaved a sigh of relief, but

monotony. Viciously she kicked felt as if her sun had suddenly gone

Tabby lying near her feet, and rose down.

from the hammock on the Laird's backporch. Oaturday afternoon, El-

"You boob!"she ejaculated, "You len was in the kitchen. This was the

should be down on the beach, you end of her week of living as she should learn to be a jazzbaby, wanted to. Tomorrow Bob would be

you.!"back and she must take up her cloak

"Cheerio,"a voice sounded above again,—the one she had put on the

her. "Are all those epithets for me?"day he had found her. She felt it

Her startled gaze fell upon the had hidden the facts that she was slender figure of Bob Crandall, Dick different, that she was fond of classRogers'house guest, stretched full ical music, that she loved Dickens length on the top of the high stone and Thackeray, that she reveled in wall."I—Oh,—of course not,"conjazz,an orgymidnightof cooking,parties,thatandshegolfhatedlike

fusedly. poison. And so she was celebrat-

"I'll admit I'm a boob, but the rest ing her last day. Her eyes sparkled

I simply will not accept,"said he above her blue gingham dress as laughingly as he jumped down beshe pulled her last pie from the oven.

side her. "I didn't think young "Did you see? Bob Crandall She was busily filling creampuffs

ladies like you kicked poor pussy brought Ellen tonight!"when Bob appeared in the doorway.

cats.""Not Ellen!""Ellen, what are you doing?"

"They don't.""Yes, can you believe it! and all She flushed guiltily, but stood her

"Then why did youV the girls planting bait for him."ground. "When did you get back?"

He might as well know it at first "Well, it won't last,—Ellen's dif- "Now. When did you start cookas last. "Because I'm different,"ferent."This was followed by two ing lessons?"

"Oh, and in what way may I ask? giggles. Yes, thought Ellen angrily, "Years ago."

You look normal—wavy hair, beauthose last words would make anyWithout a word he picked up atiful eyes—rosy lips—."He scruone laugh. puff, "Looks mighty sweet. Tastes

tinized her closely, "and everyTuesday they drove to Hamilton it, too,"he exclaimed as his teeth thing."to the races and back. For once, sank into its flaky side.

"Everything,"she laughed, "now Ellen was beginning to enjoy life "Why haven't you made puffs for

I know you've strayed."Bob hadn't mentioned the hated me before?"he demanded.

"Correct, strayed right into Cinword once. "Because modern girls aren't supderella's garden. How long since Then Friday, Ellen, coming from posed to know how to cook."

your fairy godmother was here?"the lockerroom with her golfbag, "I see, thank heaven, you're not

Ellen, or I don't voices. modern, what heard know two masculine

where "And is my pumpkin I dear, can't I'd do. stand "Ellen's mod- a peach,"it was Bob's My

finished.coach?"she

I girls, golf detest ern simply voice. and

"Right this way."He led her "Think so. None of the fellows jazz and clambakes and."

through the thicketgate into the 'round here care about taking her "How did you know that I hated yard.neighboring "Climb fit too?"of them, she asked. in, I'll she doesn't in anywhere—sort coachman."try to be a nice mousy creampuff hole situation,"told me, and "Your peg, round square

He opened the door of the gray Dick Rogers'voice said. "You know, your little blue dress, and sparkling

roadster and Ellen—went riding. she's different."eyes. Why,—I've loved you, darThat was Wednesday. Saturday Bob's closing words were all that ling, since that first day,"and then

night Bob, yes, she called him Bob saved the day. "She suits me, and falling sweetly on Ellen's ears for

now, took her to the Country Club that's what matters,"she heard him the first time came the words, "bedance. In the dressingroom she say. cause even then I knew you were

heard this snatch of backbiting: She played golf because Bob different."

':H;::;:;!::':

mm

"DRY, GRAY BRUSH AND ROCKS AND SAND—."

the only blossoming spots were irrigated valleys, pin points in a welter of fluted ranges. The desert

seemed just so much unconquered space—each green cultivated valley

nothing more than the merest thread Bloom in a great dull carpet. That the deslife ert has blosand beauty and f t h e o

I of soms that is an idea its own began to appreciate when, at Sheepherder Bill's suggestion, I went back to the desert in springtime.

not think, however, that the DESERT Do desert flowers hang out their color signals against a world entirely dull.

By VESTA P. CRAWFORD There is a tinted background

ridges of greasewood, greenblue like the crests of sea waves in

Patiently the desert waits for a brief blossoming storm; hills, pink, violet, orangeall colored, the strange that shades glory time then is almost and unbelievable—bloom be stirred up may and mixed from vivid ridges against against of clay its greasewood—bloom clay minerals; cliffs and stainshale cliffs against and shale and mountain minerals—bloom ed blue green with copper; and peaks capped white with coronets of quartz.

mountain peaks capped with coronets of gleaming white quartz; and

on the rim of the desert highlands saw Sheepherder Bill, who paswith a gesture that swept the horiedged with evergreens, navyblue tured his lean flock in the sagezon: "Yes, in May and June the in the distance.

fingers desert blossoms. them NotI hills brush Nevada's beyond color This plainer the with tones of Californy's poppies golden from in theborder country, Castle Peak of long gray old ranges and brown hills; not sunflowers yellow themfor half only hour, things the but an is cinder cones for the background scattered out farms. from Utah's stuck. saidhe desert plants. exterior In form these fringe. only desert has Them's The fall,"in "Sorry the he you came queer denizens arid of the spaces its flowers, on plumes own waxysaid, 'aint in desert the "when are grotesque, evillook- forbidding, the needle; strange yucca perfumebloom."ing; yet they positive perhave very cethe blossom; century the from

petal, Bloom."a a green not Not sonalities, dispositions in which night. reus petals at lighted with

leaf in sight. sagegray dry is Only there wavering, no changing no its posies sahuaro wears on Thebrush rocks sand, and and baked purpose. Patient beyond human twisted arms, ocotillo the flames and scorched. burnedand and Only patience, they for wait sparse drops fire in spring."the withsplintered peaks and chopped and rain, of their spreading roots out

torn arroyos. Funeral Mountain, To me the desert was, except for along the rocks, to soak up moisture

Tombstone Peak, Vulture Range, prickly pears, an unblossoming and providently storing up nourishFurnace Creek, the very names place where the arms of the Joshua ment for weeks and months and were significant of loneliness and tree reached out to grab people in years that they may for a single day desolation. the dark. Desert panoramas, too, I or a single night offer up to the

But the old sheepherder said, had seen from mountain peaks, and desert waste a Jialo of glorious col549

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1936

or. Viciouslooking, hedges. plants spiked These same

when their days are part in repellant—yetfulfilled they played a California winning

appear in floral raiment gorgeous for the United States. At the battle

beyond description. of San Pasqual the Gringos, under

General Kearney, ambushed themAbout two hundred and fifty selves in cactus thickets and the kinds of cacti are native to the spirited horses of the attacking

United States, and of these one Spaniards refused to charge hundred grow in Arizona. Texas through a wall of thorns. When the

sometimes quarrels with Arizona Mormon Battalion, in 1846, marchabout the number of species, but ed across the desert of the Souththey both have plenty, and the deswest they encountered cacti as small ert hills of Colorado, California, as buttons and treelike growths

Nevada, New Mexico, and Utah that formed forests on the route.

display cacti that rival the rose in W. H. Emory, who commanded the

regal splendor. troops, called the cacti yerba de la

In these states cactus blossoms vivera.

have marked the way of history. "Plant of life,"indeed, and flowThey have been banners on the trail Photograph by Walter P. Cottam er of adventure in the Southwest.

of empire, and flags waved in the THE EXQUISITE NIGHTBLOOMING CEREUS In 1869, when Major Powell, a onepath of conquest. Native Ameri- "QUEEN OF THE NIGHT"armed veteran of the Civil War,

cans, long before white men ever cate pale lavender petals and an innavigated for the first time the came to the New World, made cacner circle of pure gleaming white. treacherous canyons of the mysteritus honey and cactus butter and An ethereal luminosity glows like ous Colorado, he saw cactus flowdried cactus paste. In the hogans a halo around the blossom and it ers flaming in the somber gorges

of the Southwest flower buds and emits a perfume fragrant and rich and massed in gorgeous color above flower stems were cooked up and as jasmine or magnolia. the dark waters. Red and yellow

served as vegetables, and many an There is an old tradition which and pink, the cactus blossoms had

Indian, wandering in the dry argives the date of the blooming of decorated for ages the intricate netroyos, slaked his thirst with the prethe Cereus as June 24th, the supwork of cliffs and canyons that cocious store of liquid in the cactus posed birthday of John the Baptist, alesce into the tremendous gorges stems. and this very special occasion was of the "World's Worst River."

Westward, among the Spanish celebrated in the missions and haAnd, speaking of color, cactus haciendas, is the Cereus (greggi), a ciendas of the Southwest with fesblossoms are unrivalled in richness cactus of slender growth which tivities under the desert moon of tint and variety of shades.

clings to the lower mesas among where hedges of fragrant white Among southwestern cacti the most the mesquite and creosote bushes. blossoms illumined the darkness. common color is yellow and the next

"Queen of the Night"the flower TpHE early Christian fathers baris a purplish rose shade, sometimes has been called, for its petals begin ricaded their homes and churchcalled "cactus color."Pink and red

to unfold at sunset and open wider es with a tall spiny cactus ( Opuntia blossoms are also common, but the when the blue night haze hangs ficusindica) which they imported white and greenish flowers are over the desert. In two or three from Mexico and planted in thick more rare. Only two cacti of the

hours it is fully open, revealing the PEDIOCACTUS SIMPSONII, THE CACTUS OF THE Southwest bear orangecolored splendor of an outer ring of deliPLAINS. blossoms. These are a variety of the

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1936 exotic Ferrocactus and one type of scape with ominous mien. An early

Echinocereus. The hot dry plains explorer into the Mojave Desert reof Mexico produce the rarest of all marked that the Joshua tree was

cacti blossoms, violetcolored flowmore in harmony with the "Archaers of exquisite delicacy and shining ic"scenery than any other plant.

texture. "The blossom of this monstrous

But these cacti are not prickly growth is a revelation, so unexpectpears. The entire cactus tribe is ed it is. A group as large as one's

classified into three divisions: Perhead, pure white, on the extremity

iskieae, Ceteeae and Opuntieae. of a dagger covered bough, it is

Prickly pears belong to the Opunlike an angel amidst bayonets."

tieae division and are scientifically The poet Harry Noyes Pratt may designated as Platyopuntia. They not have seen the Joshua tree at its

are easily recognized, whether large blooming time, for he speaks only or small, by their flattened joints in deepest sympathy for the hard upon the edge of which the fluted lot of a plant that struggles for life blossoms sit in a halo of color. in the arid lands:

the desert land for of a mockeryPrickly pears are the most widely "And it, set tree upon a They distributed and the most charGrotesque and tortured.

acteristic cactus growth in the UnitThey set a tree upon it ed States. Of some twentyone Whose branches writhe in agony and pain,

in pleading that the rainkinds of cacti identified in Utah, Uplifted

Succor it. four are true prickly pears. If you There is no rain,

think prickly pear is not a beautiOnly the hot tears of the molten sun ful name for such gorgeous blosDropping upon the malformed branches tree pleads which Of the try callingsoms, then plants the by uplifted hands Withtheir scientific Platycognomens: pitiless the of the desert lands gods With ECHINOCEREUS VIRIDIFLORUS (NOTE THE basilaris,opuntia cactus with a rain."For LONG SPINES.

flowers of bright magenta pink, very Harriet the Monroe saw When not a cactus, Though the Joshuadelicate translucent, as as and many trees, she wrote: is Joshua tree (Clistoyucca arborescens),half fringing blossoms a dozen one

... out the desert go on To meet and

like in for the sahuaro, some waysflat lobe; erinacea P. has cupshap- is like these cacti whispering into the ear of

ed flowers of rose pink or clearit is tall and grotesque enough, but the Sphinx, and listening to her locked lips,... and to go out... and see them sudtoned yellow and there is only one it has some personal characteristics.

denly is as abloom lips the though the of feet to forty tall, a foot Twenty andflower top of each joint: on the very should Sphinx part utter and words. solemn

feet three through, bluish a half to isP. polyacantha very hardy and tip flowers of white bunch at the of the A

has yellow blossoms; and P. rhogreen leaf six to ten inches long, the obelisk, flowers springing white and wonderful this of out dead, gaunt, prickly the rules desert landthing—Joshua tree pink has blossom. adantha Some

is that not nature's miracle, consummate ascientists that maintain the among BLOSSOMS YUCCA resurrection of symbol profound than more

Photograph Walter P. Cottam. byprickly of pears there are no Utah lily the the fields?"of

truly red blossoms, but three Utah Another revelation of the unriEchinocerei and one Ferrocactus valled beauty of desert blossoms is bear handsome red flowers. the glorious flower called "Our

Cereus giganteus, the sahuaro of Lord's Candle."It is a variety of

Arizona, cousin to the prickly pear, the yucca (Adam's Needle), and has strange ways. In the arid spaces the large exquisite blossoms, borne

of our great Southwest it grows in on long stems, are a mass of droopthe more mountainous parts of the ing waxlike loveliness. Syome yucca

hot desert. It is the largest tree blossoms are a fragile creamy white,

growing on the American desert piped with green; others are faintly

and one of the world's most unusutinted like old ivory; but Yucca

al growths. This great columnar whipplei has petals of such a rich

cactus grows slowly, almost invisand shining golden hue that it has ibly. At ten years of age he is only been named "Our Lord's Candle."

a baby four inches tall; when three The favorite place for yucca growth

feet in height he is more than thirty is in southern California, Arizona, years of age. At a hundred years and New Mexico. In the ghostly

or more he approaches splendid maSuperstition Mountains, yuccas turity, forty or fifty feet tall and spread out their creamy mantle on weighs five or six tons. The grothe stark old wrinkled bahadas, the

tesquely curved arms bear blossoms arid mountain slopes. They are a

of purest white which open at night flame of brilliant color against the and have a halo of light around sombre desert background.

them. The flower is not divided into Patiently the desert waits its

petals but is merely fluted into some brief blossoming time, and then its divisions, forfourteen ornate and glory is almost unbelievable—loveas if itmal carved out with had been liness almost too evanescent to be

a cookie cutter. real.

ibditonal Seek JLiearning learningEvery studentrests on shouldfacts, notlikewiseon inferencesmake orthetheories.same

earning is sought by Latterday Saints as a careful distinction as knowledge is presented to religious duty. Our history is an unbroken him. Every honest teacher, worthy of his noble

record of educational endeavor. The Church has profession, labels his teaching before his class, as

founded elementary, secondary and collegiate inthat of facts or inferences. Academic freedom

stitutions of learning, and major emphasis, in means freedom to teach the truth, not to parade

Priesthood and auxiliary organizations, is laid on inferences or personal opinions as facts.

educational achievement through study courses and Education should develop the several phases of man's mental and activities. old recreational and planned Young spiritual—else nature—physical,

it is incomplete. Activity these fields to of in one learnto "seek to love are encouraged learning, and

ing, even by study and by faith."the neglect of the others is dangerous, even as the

An unusually high educational standing is the study of one subject in any field to the exclusion result. A survey made in 1922 showed that sixty of the others leads to poor, onesided development.

tion of the mind and body, unfortunately say little school—moreLatterday Saintsthaninthreeeverytimesthousandthe averageattendedforhighthe Public institutions of learning deal with the educaUnited States, and that about nine in every thouor nothing about the spiritual life, which determines

our conduct. Consequently, since knowledge may sand attended colleges or universities—nearly

twice the United States average. Literacy among be used properly or improperly, many criminals are

members of the Church was found to be about highly schooltrained. A person spiritually unde99.7%. veloped is poorly educated no matter how great

Such high esteem for education follows naturally may be his mental training. The wise student who

from our religious philosophy, based upon the poshopes for the best education will devote some time, session and proper use of knowledge. "The glory daily, to the study and practice of things of the of God is intelligence,"and the objective of every spirit—the things not discussed in the class room

Latterday Saint is to become increasingly like his to the equal development of body, mind and spirit.

Father in Heaven. Joseph Smith, the Prophet, was Then he may achieve the rounded, full education

instructed to "Study and learn and become acthat ensures happiness in life. If faith weakens

quainted with all good books, and with languages, in the life of a student it is because he withdraws tongues and people."To the whole Church came himself from religious study and Church activities,

the command: "Seek ye out of the best books does not give the same regular attention to the

words of wisdom; seek learning even by study and education of the spirit as of the mind.

faith."It was made clear in several revelations You who are now entering school and college

that no limitation is placed upon the seeker after are doing well. Seek knowledge, learn how to use

learning, except that it must be founded upon true it for human good, cling to facts, use inferences as knowledge, must be the truth. helps to thinking; and fail not, as body and mind

Knowledge, which of itself is dry and wellnigh are trained, to develop the spirit to the same delife into Eduworthless, blossoms only when used. A. W. that gree.—/. knowledge, means cation, derived sound from

a person has so developed his inborn powers that acquired knowledge use his can and does he for cJne Lf\tgnt to JLabor is first concern. welfare. always of Man human

The application of knowledge to the development When the Lord instructed the father of the race and needs of the student should therefore be the concerning the manner in which he should earn his objective of all good learning and teaching. The daily bread, He not only gave to man one of his

man with little knowledge, used well in the affairs most blessed rights, but also imposed upon him a of men, is better educated than his brother of much bounden duty. The divine injunction to labor is

knowledge, used poorly or not at all. All seekers obligatory upon all able men regardless of their

after learning should carry their knowledge into need for daily bread. Idle dependency upon the

the province of application. good fortune of inheritance whereby men live upon

Worthwhile knowledge appears in two forms. the efforts of their progenitors is not to be tolerated.

First, factual knowledge, gamed by the accurate Idle dependency upon the rewards accumulated by use of the senses. The daily motion of the sun native ability or chance business success is not

from east to west is such a fact of observation. to be countenanced. Idle dependency upon the

The other is inferred knowledge, that is the atbounties of charity is not to be entertained. Whetempted explanations of observed facts. The wave ther a man has been relieved of the immediate

theory of light is such a scientific inference. Factual necessity of earning his bread by the sweat of his

knowledge is certain, unchanging, within the sense brow through inheritance, through competence, or powers of man. Inferred knowledge is of varying through the providence of others he has no claim

degrees of credibility, uncertain, changing with the to idleness and no right to become an idler.

appearance of new facts. Both kinds of knowledge Nor in one sense of the term has an able man a

are useful, but the truly educated man does not right to "retire"no matter what his circumstances.

confuse facts and inferences. He knows that true He may retire from one activity to another, from a

strenuous life to a less strenuous one, from a prohavior, and ability to learn the required subjects.

fession to a useful avocation. But in the sense that Mere advancement, however, is not the ultimate

the word might be construed to mean inactivity to be received from school activities. The one who

ceasing creative effort, halting constructive thought, succeeds is the one who has a spirit quickened to withdrawing from service to men, desisting from all the great opportunities that lie in his studies and in productive labor—no man has the right to retire, participation in school life.

whether his lands and holdings be described on the In the earth today tremendously important events balance sheet by a cipher, or by a minus quantity, are shaping the destinies of men and nations. "We

or in terms of multiple millions. should be diligent to learn,"seeking to analyze

The Lord will not tolerate waste and the waste the reasons for the success and the failure of cerof human creative effort is the most dire and insiditain movements. We should also eagerly learn

ous kind of waste. An indigent idler is no less of the tremendous strides made by the seven league

guilty than one who lives in affluence, and a boots of scientists and inventors.

wealthy idler is no less condemned than one who We as Latterday Saints know that when this dwells with paupers. Whether man works with earth becomes celestialized it will be because we

his brain or with his strong right arm, with human have through our own efforts and with the aid of thought or with mountains of material, with perdivine guidance pierced the veil of ignorance and suasive influence or with physical force, matters entered the clear field of knowledge.

little, so long as his effort at the close of each able Life is the greatest of schoolmasters because it period of his life shall have contributed something never deviates from the absolute; never shows

for the strengthening of man's body or mind or favoritism; never fails to reward or punish justly.

spirit and for the upbuilding of the world. An unfortunate but unalterable fact of life is that

Within the Church, the Churchwide Security sometimes one person's disobedience, ignorant or

Program has as its ultimate objective that means wilful, may inflict an unfailing punishment on and projects may be provided whereby every man someone entirely innocent of wrongdoing. One

may be enabled, in a profitable and constructive man, for instance, violates the law of health by way, to exercise his right to labor. Gratifying drinking of wine, not good for the body. He loses

reports of progress toward the early realization of control of his reasoning and his muscles and perthis aim are coming in from every quarter of the haps wrecks property not his own. More unforChurch. tunate still, he may maim or kill some innocent

The Lord has spoken thus person. His wilful disobedience to laws of health

"Let every man be diligent in all things. And the idler has inflicted punishment on others guiltless of any

shall not have place in the Church, except he repent and wrongdoing. Sometimes unknowingly parents do

mend his ways."(D. 6 C. 75:29.) not obey laws of health and their children are the

innocent victims. So we must be ever anxious to

Since the Lord did not see fit to classify idlers as learn all we can in this great school of life.

to rich or poor, as to old or young, as to male or Our earth life predicates our future eternal exfemale, it appears that all "should be anxiously istence. must, then, as President Young adWe

inengaged a good cause."animation""Suspended to store of "continue monished, up knowledge

is the prerogative of poor, as no man. The idle earth. well of as life is a school Our heaven"—aswell as the idle rich, fact stand condemned. The to gain experiences the are which from which we

that the man of comparative wealth needs no food will make our eternity one of profitable advanceor comfort or service does not excuse him from in the valuable time to take ment. do not want Weproducing needful or services for those goods who "unlearn hereafter to things unwise which we were

are in want. The fact that the man of comparative enough to learn in our earth life. External discipoverty cannot convert his efforts into immediate pline is an essential feature of school. From the

dollars does not excuse him from improving himself school of life we must learn the value of se//-disciand the things around him. The right to labor is pline. By the foregoing of a certain temporary

also the obligation to labor and is one of the Lord's pleasure we may be able to secure a lasting happichoicest and most universal gifts to—R.hisL.children.E. basedness. onAndour sowillingnessour happinessto weighhereafterand considermust onbe

earth. aid we mayCt threat School In school work we have those whose ask when problems confront us; whose faith and

"Drigham Young, upon one occasion, said: "We courage will sustain us in case of failure.

are in a great school, and we should be diligent In the school of life, we have the Master teacher to learn, and continue to store up the knowledge who becomes our solace and our refuge in time of of heaven and of earth...."difficulty. His strength encourages us to lean upon

With the ringing of the school bell that summons Him when troubles threaten to overpower us. He

the younger generation to learning, we older folk will, if we permit Him, open the gates to new wisshould stop to chalk our own record and plan our dom. Prayer clears the path to Him, the Creator

own course of study in that great school about of the universe, the AllKnowing. By consecrating

which Brigham Young spoke. ourselves to His cause, by seeking out His eternal

In the schoolroom, various rules and regulations truths, and only in this way, shall we realize to the are set down. Advancement is predicated upon fullest degree the greatness of the school we are

such things as attendance, punctuality, good bein—and increase our diligence to learn -M. C. /.

foimOti President Grant Attends Old Twelfth Ward Chapel Razed Layton Ward—North Davis Stake

Institute of Human Relations HThe old Twelfth Ward Chapel loHPhe ward chapel was destroyed by

TPhe First cated South on between 1 fire on July 25, 1936.

Fifth East, torn A sponsoredInstitute byof theHumanNationalRelations,ConFourth is being and

Christians, ference of invited Jews and to give place for an administradown Swedish Mission President to Grant address them at tion building for the Salt Lake City their convention held in Estes Park, Board of Education. /ustive O. Larson was appointedColorado, from August 7-11. His president of the Swedish Mission

address dealt with early conditions in Norwegian Mission on July 16, 1936. He will succeed

alsothe plans with the of and Church left Hugo D. E. Peterson. wife and Peterson A Richard future. Saints for Latterdaythe the *-* for on Monday, July 9th, Norway wellreceived speechHis the was by

large audience. where Elder Peterson will preside over New Zealand Mission

the Norwegian Mission. Tn order to arouse more interest in

A the message of the Church of Jesus

Rulon S. Wells Celebrates Christ of Latterday Saints the peoBirthday ple of New Zealand and the Elders of

their Qn RulonTuesday,S. WellsJulyof the7, First1936,CouncilElder thatmon missionexhibit arrangedin connectiona Bookwithof Morof Seventies, reached the age of 82 conference. By pictures, posters, charts,

years. and maps, the story of the wanderings

of the Book of Mormon people from

Kanab Ward—Kanab Stake Jerusalem to America and then to the

south seas was vividly portrayed. The

divided TPhis on Sunday, was ward ships lost route of the was of Hagoth 12th, into A July the Kanab North illustrated showing and charts, maps by

Ward with Daniel S. Frost as Bishop how the descendants of that people

the and Kanab South Ward with Josfinally reached the south seas and New as Bishop. eph F. Johnson Zealand.

Only a small tent could be obtained

Good Record Made for the exhibit but it was crowded with "pROM Whitney, Idaho, news has been an enthusiastic group of observers and sent to The Improvement Era that a listeners to the lecture which was given ward of two hundred eightythree, each day. Over four hundred tracts

henry d. moyle consisting of fiftysix families, has were voluntarily taken during the five

averaged nearly three missionaries to days of the exhibit and forty books

New Member Chosen for the each hundred of people for a considerwere sold to both English and Maori

General Committee of the able period of time. investigators.

Churchwide Security Program ()n July 20th, the First Presidency announced the appointment of Henry D. Moyle, president of Cottonwood Stake, to the general committee

for the Churchwide Security program.

This increases the number of this committee to six, the other five members being, Elders Melvin J. Ballard, Mark

Austin, Harold B. Lee, Stringam A.

Stevens, and Campbell M. Brown.

Two New Temples to be Erected rpHE office of the First Presidency has announced that in the near future two new temples will be erected.

One of these will be built in Idaho and another in California. This will increase

the number of existing temples to nine.

The work will go forward under the MISSIONARIES LEAVING FOR THE FIELD FROM THE SALT LAKE MISSIONARY HOME plan to help the Latterday Saint peoARRIVED JUNE 29, 1936—DEPARTED JULY 9, 1936

ple become selfsupporting by offerFirst row, left to right: Hortense Shepard, Venna Brower, Florence Bucher, Elsie Keller, Maurine Rich,

ing opportunity for those who are capBertha Bearnson, Naomi Park, Ruth Spongberg.

left row, Tenney, right: Carter, Skousen, Second to Carrie Peterson, Willard Oscar Don John H. Taylor toable and otherwise unemployed

Eval do (President), Newell Hansen, Black, Bryson. George K. Brown, D. H. Noal

furthe actual building and work in left row, Call, Third right: to Rasmusson, Alldridge, Clark Claron 0. Larkin, Grant George F. W.nishing these temples. E. Blaser, Mathan Allen, Roldo V. Dutson, James L. Campbell. Albert

row, left right: Nello Fourth to R. Sudweeks, Dean Taylor, Boley Bigler, Milon M. Browning, Joseph

EarlOgden Nineteenth Ward—R. Meservy, Dillman. Sheldon M. Gamble,

Weber Stake Fifth row, left to right: Richard Lewis, Orgill E Aylett, Edmund M. Evans, James A. Faucett, Lyman

Bodell, Barnett, Palmer, Maurice Hoyt Timothy Fred W. Babbel. dedicatedT)resident Heber Grant

Sixth right: left to row, David Lamoreaux, Tenney Shirrel R. Young, Jack D. Morris, Wendell C. Fowler,* on the new F. Jorgensen, Ward J.Chapel Keddington. Sunday, Arthur Burt John McOmber,

July 5th, 1936. Seventh row: Tarry D. Sorenson.

GATEWAYS DAWN YOU By Grace Jones Brennan By Thelma Field MacDougall By Afton Clegg

I think the best soul mind works when is Sometimes it for leads The gateway, a love still, violets, like You'reI of green, paths unknown To is clearest day; the light shy, begins which and Demure

call straight to follow on ThatThat me tall in grasses. the since Nestled has long gone moon When beauties yet unseen. To silver solitary you're a Then Her way

bird Silverwinged sea the night flowerscented west, and Beyond life is stale, that can one sayHow veil, Dipping skimming her low and up is too, gone, romance, That light earth across the White waves pure makes new LiftsA is all full the of paths worldWhen breast. trail. unerring With your An lure on! us gateways Whose this time There a regret. bright In vain was hour

And fear and sham still sleeping nod, You reminded me of EgyptAnd in the chambers of the soul is heard, Of an Old World beauty—

MIDSUMMER The clear, still, ringing voice of God. WithSubtle,anvague,aura,

By Norman C. Schtichter And mystifying.

Somehow FRIEND FOR CAR COMES A A differentYou're always scented the ways. down go"Dees Fuller Ethel By Romig butterfly, a pale blue Like*-* is bright. earth wondrous The

a strong ship white Or... the I lookEverywhere is day friend gone RJy In the night. *"* is Is night. the starred as car, silveryglistening as a star A me, enchant You

at the seraph wheel- A I quite never And goldenrod. ofGalaxies rolling thin, the blur through blue Came you seven;... Understand in her, for slipped she and dawn Of Sunflower—Pleiads

Calendula has radiant gold, Tremulouslipped, I could only kneel at

Like the gold of heaven. the sill,

Listening to a breezeborne call INCONSTANCY

Each star at night now memory is Of a celestial horn; By Winnifred J. Mott

Of some fair star of day. Then all was still...

With two star worlds to wander in, Lonely, cold, the old highway she must Sometimes, I feel that it is real—your love

Swift run my days away. take—for me.

And Heaven a foreign town. Your gentle hand into my hand fits tenderly.

Oh, may there be a small, brown house Sometimes, I think your love for me is

To make her feel at home; molehill small,

A PRAYER A patch of loam for flowers, Sometimes, I fear, does not exist for me at

By Margaret Hill AndShe lovedtrees, thesetall inso the... sun, like ours One all.day, your eyes with love's own flame

clearly bright, are strife day, over, labor done, One to hear me elfin day, hold they Another only a teasing, I shall Help that too. journey go

in the rain rhythm The light. I shall life not forget to set my voice thy And In readiness to leave; to grip, pack my heart, Girl of as changeable as thunder, In my and wind Remembering few how come back from weatherlearn of wealth To trip. that long

In poverty, friend has gone touch; Can you not love or hate me altogether? beyond my And star, in the frostblue, sense the benefit MyIs lost—a a song—

Of hunger, Around the bend and toward the east.

the strength To find I behind, Left do not grieve—A BIRD FLEW comes Which least not overmuch. with pain. At

Feel wisdom will For car for send His God me, Ruth By Reed the wintry breath, In at the I road's end, shall And sill opportunity See window my find my A bird flew to friend.

In opposition, ** And fell against the pane,

And cherish hope And lay a moment quivering 'til

In death. THE MODERN CROESUS He flew away again.

By Jean McCaleb And as the bird flew to the sky

He chirped a song to me, flying for I too, I went DESERTED glorified free. and VILLAGE IN THE *-*'IViDHisCroesusback fence,have ona AndFelt MOONLIGHT

Tapestry of jade of loss sense From heart may break my sapphire, By Solveig Paulson And woven sighs, broken body As my glory morning From ever, nothing ever take can pregnant with sound, Silence, Vines, with lambent, But part of that flies. The me Stretches a hand Fragile trumpets?

In benediction And did this wealthy

Over the abandoned village. Ruler own a hillside

Of gold, guarded by BOUNTY Drab houses hunch bare shoulders Stalwart battalions By Helen Mating

Against the moon Of red coats? Such

And squat low Is my plot of ochrecannot buy the heaven's blue Over ancient dreams. Tinted poppies WeWith power or money;

Guarded by glowing No worldly wealth can give white clouds

A black mouse Rows of cannared Or days full sunny,

Moves on toneless toes Soldiers, whose Or bloom, or tree, or shrub, or greenAcross a dusky window ledge Coats have been Things beyond our ken

To leave poxprints Dipped in deepest The Lord God gave to all the earth

In the shadows. Carnelian dyes. For all its men.

The story of our Hymns By GEORGE D. PYPER

General Superintendent of the Deseret

Sunday School Union and First Assistant Chairman of the Church Music

Committee

FOUR SONGS

GEORGE D. PYPER By CHARLES W. PENROSE

considering the poems of V School oJhu QJeeungSs G/ 1 1iu {Brother

INCharles W. Penrose one is impressed with the varying moods VI. {Blow (gently, Lje Vi/tla Vl/tnas

and emotions under which the author penned them. And the quesis theirtion arises, What place in VII. Lip, GlwaAe, Lje JUefenaers of Jbion technicalhymnody? The earlier

definitions of a hymn were "praise to God with song,"and "a devoVIII. [Beautiful Joiort for lite

tional appeal to God in our emotions,"Three elements were necessary to admit it into the hymnal family, viz: { 1 ) it must be scriptural both in sentiment and expression; (2) it must be devotional; (3)

it must be lyrical*. Modern definition, however, is given by Edmund

D. Lorenz in his book entitled Prac- //

tical Church Music. vSCHOOL THY FEELINGS, O MY BROTHER

"A hymn"he says, "is a sacred By CHARLES W. PENROSE

poem, expressive of devotion, spirbrother, falsely, Art thou slandered? basely

to the world begin soul; Does frown?itual experience, or religious truth, SCHOOLTrain thythy feelings,warm, impulsiveO my

fitted to be sung by an assembly of Do not its emotions smother, Guage thy wrath by wisdom's standpeople in a public service."But let wisdom's voice control. ard,

The songs of Charles W. PenSchool thy feelings, there is power Keep thy rising anger down.

rose, published in this article, may In the coot, collected mind; Rest thyself on this assurance:

Time's to friend a innocence; shatters reason's tower, Passion strictly the narrow withnot comply patient, the calm endurance blind. And clearest vision Makes the surely at first defined but theyrules respect aids defense. Wins and

definition given by the broadermeet feelings; School thy condemnation feelings, finest Noblest have minds spiritual or are Lorenz. Never friend They pass or foe,Mr. on strings Quiv'ring a breath move, can

tide the accusation Tho'of expresareemotional poems and revealings, Gospel's the sweet And truth Like flood a of may the religious with truths love. and of withsive the them key flow. Tune of

possible exception of "Up, Awake, Hear defense before deciding Hearts so sensitively moulded,

Ye Defenders of Zion,"may be And a ray of light may gleam, Strongly fortified should be, classified as hymns. If the world Showing thee what filth is hiding Train'd to firmness and enfolded

could hear the "Mormons"sing Underneath the shallow stream. In a calm tranquility.

these songs, there would be no doubt Should affliction's acrid vial Wound not wilfully another;

as to their fitness to be sung by a Burst o'er thy unsheltered head, Conquer haste with reason's might;

public assembly. School thy feelings to the trial, School thy feelings, sister, brother.

Half its bitterness hath fled. Train them in the path of right.

*Histocy and Use of Hymns and Hymn

Tunes, Breed.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1936 "School Thy Feelings, O My "Blow Gently, Ye Wild Winds"

Brother"(L. D. S. Hymns, No. 169)

HPhis song, produced under the 'T'he story of the circumstances trying circumstances related by which caused the writing of the author at a social gathering of "Blow Gently, Ye Wild Winds"is the Council of the Twelve, held at graphically told by Brother Penrose.

the home of President Heber J. The lines indicate another mood of

Grant, on February 29, 1917, marks this wonderful man—the strong love Charles W. Penrose as one of the of family and home, a characteristic

most vigorous writers who ever emfor which he was always noted.

braced the faith of the Latterday The song was originally sung to the

Saints. The poem was originally tune of "Sweet Afton,"but is printed

in eleven stanzas but one was elimin the Latterday Saint Hymns to inated by the author. It is not a an old Scotch air, composer un-

"song of praise."It is the softened known. reaction of one at first aroused to a wBlow Gently, Ye Wild Here is Brother Penrose's story:

fiery resentment against a foul Winds""In 1861 I was released and came out here slander, then the Christsubdued by thirty the days on like spirit the at of the mercy Gospel which moved By CHARLES W. PENROSE ocean,(to Utah).seasick,Wetravelworn,were

within him. It is a sermon in verse "Dlow gently, ye wild winds with of the winds and waves. The Civil War

it *-* had out nine broken days took us and in frost breath. yourand should be read often every by St. from to three York Joseph. Then New the smite glad That stream with the Saint. Latterday in the Here, River, days followed Missouri on the by chill death, hand of

words of the author, is the story of When shrieking and fierce o'er the eleven weeks on the plains driving two its origin: mountains ye come, yoke of oxen. I borrowed money and

gently, Blow I pray, on my loved boughthere to aZion,cart andI wentsometo oxen.live in AfterFarmington,I came "This hymn was not intended for singing; ones at home!

it was written for myself, about 1 860, when and there I passed through the experience

I was in Birmingham, England, before I Thou icecrowned King Winter, with of my life which caused me to write the emigrated. I had been insidiously accused, storms at thy side. song called "Blow Gently, Ye Wild

written That certain not openly, but song was in Engbeen things had whitebreasted drift, Winds."Thou Snow

land. In said Farmington obtained I had the a and of about me my presidency bride, the storm monarch's

Birmingham Conference, and particularly While binding the sunshine and chillsmall log cabin which faced the east. At

in relation to my family affairs and posing the air, that time several severe wind storms had sessions. thing with connected One

plain matter to you.make the Whenit mightI Be aregentlethere!in Utah, my loved ones occurredOne afternoonwhich Ihadnoticedblownthatthingsthe windto pieces.was

went to Birmingham from Cheltenham—blowing from the East to the West and the

having previously been laboring in London Fell Demon of Pain, with merciless clouds had settled low like a pillow on the—I had taken there a good deal of furniture eye. mountains. The wind was rising and I

something to happen. stuff to was going belongingand my family that not did Look on my dwelling, pass knew

order to protect "In I fastened to the conference. belong not my house It was hastily by;

intimated Zion Elders from one of the by Thou wrinkledbrowed the to to lay claim endeavoring that I was Want, keep lock—the door.if youItknowhad whata littlea latchlatch is.on it—no away from my door,

thatproperty the to belonged Birmingham That thu shadow the quick.conference, to it touched may fall on my blowing"The windterribly.grewI strongerpiled up untiltwo itheavywas and me loved ones no more.

I had labored then over ten years in the boxes of clothing against the front door ministry, most of the time as a traveling Go, rosyfaced Laughter, on pinions and helped to secure the door by using a elder, literally without purse or scrip. I of light, pair of scissors. I then thought we were

started that way and had continued, sufTake Health, thy companion, to pretty safe. My wife lay there on the bed,

fering a great many hardships and diffishare in thy flight. with twins—two little children three days

culties and trials that I need not refer to Diffuse through my rude cot a lifeold. I lay down on the floor and the wind

now, and this touched me right to the heart. giving bloom. began to screech and howl in a way you

I did not know how to bear it. Weltering And dimple the cheeks of my loved cannot imagine; it was a most horrible

under these feelings I sat down and wrote ones at home. sound, rushing and screeching like whirlthat little poem, right from my soul, and winds. It blew everything loose on the

intended it for myself. Bright angel of gladness, so calm, house and made an awful noise. I was

"After I had got it written my folks yet so strong, afraid something would happen and I was thought it ought to appear in the Millennial Sweet Spirit of Hope, as thou thinking what to do, when the door blew

Star. So I sent it up to the Star and it was glidest along open, pushing the boxes of clothing before

published. It was not set to any tune; I On thy mission of peace to the souls it; and the snow blew in right over that

did not think about it being sung, in fact who are tried, bed. Well, I can't describe my feelings.

I did not intend it for anybody but myself. O, rest for a while where my loved I grabbed the door and tried to push it

However, I found it was quite applicable ones reside! shut, putting my head against it. The snow

to others who had passed through similar poured in over my feet and ankles; I called

experiences, and I thought it would be comBid Fear, Doubt and Sadness forever out for 'Aunt Lizzie'.—we called her—who

forting to them. I was very pleased to depart, was living in a corner room of the house

know that it was a great comfort to PresAnd dry up the teardrop that and together we tried to push the door back ident Brigham Young when he was under Memory may start. but we couldn't succeed. I had learned that

arrest. He later told me that he had it read Then point to the time when the during the day some strangers passing

to him several times when he had a deputy wand'rer shall come, through the town had stopped in the big marshal guarding him in his house."And press to his fond heart his house on the east side of the street. I found

loved ones at home! a big spike nail, wrenched that out and got

"School Thy Feelings"has been somethingthat in the groundto serveagainstas a hammer.the door andI drovesaid

sung to a number of tunes of the 8s and "Let the Lower Lights be Burn- 'Lizzie, hold on for dear life and I will get and 7s meter*. "The Vacant Chair"ing"were at one time used quite help.'I ran out the back entrance and

until waited the lulled bit then a wind and extensively. the official However,

ran. it I got these of us four took and men

Beesley. ( No. is by Ebenezer threequarters *8s and 7s means with eight syllables od setting of nail the to door an hour

one line and seven on the next. 98. Latterday Saint Hymns.) up.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1936

"I lay down again on the floor and as eral thousand miles away Charles world toward the Latterday Saints.

as I hear to sleep I couldsoon began to go sud- W. Penrose envisioned the perilous It was composed for a situation screeching howlingthe wind and and

denly the window crashed and I had to get situation of the Saints and thrilled which existed for only a short time up again. I looked out and saw that the them with the battle song which was and when that situation changed

wind had blown the ground bare of snow appropriately sung to the tune of it became inappropriate.

actually rocks out had blownand of the "The Red, White, and Blue."It the and one hadground smashed window

of the auanother mood in, I to the blowingand had was snow // it characteristic. militant nail acrosstake robe a Buffalo up and thor—hisexemplified He w Beautiful Zion for Me

to keep from coming the snowthe window in detaken have up arms would By I in. CHARLES PENROSE that the W. had pickle was were wein—his occasion people fense of had

the old shed poor and noan and cow cow for "Beautiful Zion tenderas he me down in demanded. Yet was lot. the inthing standing her out was I saw

reclining, valley the child, like fence, as a as so hearted cat as a *-* there perched humbleout a a on thee, to close sacred Memories the cut loose rope out and andI ran then saint as the two preceding songs heart are entwining, round my Itried to to dropped the get house. back clearly indicate. in the Clasped mountain's embrace, pulled knees hands and on anddown my

myself back by grabbing hold of weeds safe from the spoiler forever, grass.and We were in that condition all Chasedjoy shallare departthe tearsfromfromtheethynever,face, long.day

"We had no stove then, but we had a When from thy presence I roam, chimney built in the log house. I had bormidst the world's grandeur I see

rowed a sheet iron stove and built a fire Naught like my own mountain so we could get some hot water. The home, beautiful Zion for me.

wind was still howling and screeching, the snow flying and it was terribly cold. I Beautiful queen of the West, reigning

had lain down again and then I noticed o'er mountains and valley.

that the chimney was red hot and was Host of the purest and best, under setting the logs on fire. I tried to put the thy standard shall rally,

fire out by packing snow on it, but couldn't Robed in the garments of peace, virpack enough. I ran out to get help and tue the crown of the glory,

by getting down and pulling myself along God shall thy kingdom increase, the fence I got to the nearest house and angels delight in the story.

there I got Jacob Miller to help me and When through the wide world I together we put out the fire. All that roam! naught on the land or the

night the wind howled and blew and tore sea.

and the next morning it subsided. Then we Charms like my own mountain

learned of the damage it had done. Cows home, beautiful Zion for me.

and sheep were destroyed, barns blown away and great damage was done. A man

built part ofin the south had town a new VIII. "Beautiful Zion For Me"in the during house His wifehouse. was

the roof the tookthe wind storm, and off Another mood of this famous her with ranthe house. baby The woman

across the street and there against the fence author is shown in his song she and her baby were frozen to death.""Beautiful Zion for Me."An arrangement from the original tune by

J. R. Thomas was made by Evan

VII. "Up, Awake, Ye Defenders is Stephens and found pages on 394

first battle of verse the song The ZlON OF and Latterday 395 Saint Hymns.

this in reprinted as reads on page is President Grant, Heber who J. in written LondonHpHis was hymn left the lower column. hand

its very of the fond borsong and years four in or about 1858, 1857 in like are other stanzas Three is for authority melody rowed the for sailed author the Amerbefore vein, pages found be on and may its story following origin. andica, was while Johnston's Army and of 82 Latterday and 83 Saint Young, Brigham presided Jr., had

suitableon the way to Utah. Although sevHymns. The song is not over the European Mission and was

in singing now for congregational home. coming Brother Penrose had

view of the changing attitude of the been editing the Millennial Star and wUp, Awake, Ye Defenders expected to return with Brother of Zion"Brigham, but Was requested to reBy CHARLES W. PENROSE main longer, he being such a capable

man. He said to Brigham, "Oh, awake, ye defenders of Zion!

Up,The foe's at the door of your Brigham, Brigham, Brigham, Beauhomes; tiful Zion for me. I wish I were

Let each heart be the heart of a lion, going with you."Then he said,

Unyielding and proud as he roams. "Brigham, do you know the song,

the wrongs of Remember Missouri; 'Beautiful Isle of the Sea'?"

the Forget not Nauvoo! fate of

When the Godhating foe is before Brother Young said, "Yes."

you. "Well,"said Brother Penrose, "I

Stand firm and be faithful and true, will write you a hymn, 'Beautiful

Chorus Zion For Me,'and when you are on

Stand firm and be faithful and true, the ocean you can sing it and think

Stand firm and be faithful and true, of me. I will write it so that it

When the Godhating foe is before can be sung to the melody of 'Beauyou,

Stand firm and be faithful and tiful Isle of the Sea'."

true."The hymn was written as promised.

Exploring the Universe By FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR.

A dhesive tape can now be removed TTottled enamel is a waterborn "LJeat losses can be reduced by one- ** without the painful jerking or soakdisease where the teeth take on a A third in the new architecture by ing in irritating solvents such as gasdull, chalkywhite appearance, often the use of enameled steel shingles and oline. A new solvent called Adhesol later taking on a brown stain. It has a variety of glass wool that will encan be dabbed on with a piece of cotton recently been found that it is due to close the house in a blanket of air rewhich softens the adhesive so that it the use of domestic water containing sistant to fire. There will also be a

can be quickly and painlessly removed. toxic amounts of flourides. The action new kind of cotton canvas coated with

4 of the flourides upon the teeth is apfire-proof paint and insulated with

Ded corpuscles have a strange sort parentlygrowth, foronlyhumansduring betweenthe timebirthof toothand ings,aluminumand evenfoil totheformroof.partitions, awnof pulse. These red corpuscle eight years of age.

beats are very rapid, somewhere near the speed of the vibrations of light, and + TTTild ducks may die of lead poisonare detected by means of the spectro- A cockroach changes its skin seven v * ing even though the hunter misses graph, an instrument used in studying * times before reaching maturity. them. Birds feeding on the bottom of

the light from the stars and the strucThe skin serves as a skeleton. ponds shot over by hunters scoop up

ture of atoms. the lead pellets, which slowly poison

alloy them. of lead and magnesium An or dozen has hatched a A scientist is it is just as proposed as a remedy;

lice of plant more generationsTn California tomatoes, strawberries, ** for disintegrates buckshot, but good and sweet peas are being grown in without the aid of a single male louse. water. in

chemically treated water heated by electricity. chemicals necessary The mill stripsheet in taste water procontinuous coppery many HPhe A toare in proper prothe water added * is in the cess supplies attributed operation to twenty has been now for concentrationportion the use and

pipes. in mills in the States. of redhot wires water grounding radio United Ain plants. theof

is steel of sets through chunk passed r OCUST swarms have been observed HPhe air flow past airplane models isof automaticallyrollers until itcoiled.is thin, Usinglike tape,as muchand

seen photographed be can and now** liner as large a ocean prepower flight in and definite as taking of a path is air British method. a by new The electrical cise control years based on direction. If the counterclockwisea

in the visible the production by made engineering of this experience is place, made north heading at one aswarm electric sparks. tiny current of The possible. developmentlittle father the distance north swarm's

air, of with spots heat sparks which todirection will north- a changed have lighting proper by can photographed be fight in direction. against thewesterly advances HPhree camera. a cinema A cancer recently. reported have been+

difference in in plasma blood The electric currents natural areTT'here is healthy sufferers the man's fad persons a T Iandies"newest cancer and in earth. the the vary with They A of be specdetected can the to means language, oldest according by

latitude of day. time Sometimes and trograph. cancercausing scientists. potency The language be can Sign some

inelectric are currents earththese so tar coal of a been has new compound the understood over world and maytense interfere as to sending the of found. injections first continued Long of man's of the been means have cable telegraph overmessages and the estrin, female sex increases hormone his fellows. communicating with

lines. intense of these of the more One the of breast occurence cancer in mice.

1 all affected inearthcurrent storms 859 linesthe of the telegraph ground world bullet, like fast of shaped type A new cannot destroy only hu- \7olcanoes it to practically impossibleand was "inbottle nipple a baby's has been v life property but and they man for telegrams asend week. in special vented. are grooves There of great can be help to Tropical man. the barrel the to reform cupgun countries active volcanoes where

tail fins stabilize into the shaped to a whale swallowed was by man A soils the abound have productice most is flight. Its bullet's four speed about* it. tell lived to about and man in A the of are world capable and supprojectile..30 times caliber that of the the into the boat waterthrown when large porting populations.

was smashed by a whale, was swalthe the whale. crewlowed by When is textile for being drawn now botin glass starved been HPicks havecutting of the the whale up deck on /"IlassJ at purposes a miles of speed a 50 ties for years, taken three and when ship, into cutthe the they stomach fast times as Springas a minutes—five alive out peppy. and were It lost three the seaman.found was rifle field bullet. glass of can pound A before recovered and he wasweeks in single fiber be to a drawn length a

able to give his impressions.

/rdinarily metals show resistance of more than 25,000 miles.

+ when an electric current is passed

TpHE danger of being struck by lightthrough them, but at low temperatures chain replaces steel jaws in a new ning is very small. Only three persome of them have no measurable re- A humane animal trap.

sons in a million have been struck sistance. At temperatures approaching

annually by electricity from the sky in absolute zero (459 below zero Fah- A drinker of alcohol "closes down"the last ten years. Outdoor workers renheit) mecury, lead, and some other his stomach when he goes on a

are in greater danger than city dwellers, metals will conduct a current undiminspree. The liquor destroys the fersince the tall buildings in the cities act ished, without adding more electricity, menting agents of the gastric fluids and

as efficient lightning conductors and as long as the metal is in that state. brings the whole digestive machine to

also by discharging the electrical tenOne investigator started a current in a a stop. This conclusion is the result

sion without any actual lightning disring, and after thirteen hours could not of studies in the laboratory and in hucharge. detect that current was any less. man subjects.

SEVEN CLAIMS OF THE solace to a troubled world which clearly This book will interest those who

BOOK OF MORMON needs the doctrine that it teaches."want a survey picture of the psychoThis work is destined to become a perlogical foundations of religious educa-

(By Dr. John A. Widtsoe and manent and highly valued addition to tion and the agencies through which

Franklin S. Harris, Jr., Zion's Church and university libraries, becharacter is developed. Reviewed by

Printing & Publishing Co., cause, besides its own original contribuDr. M. Lynn Bennion, Supervisor of

Independence, Missouri, 1936.) tions, it brings together in usable and Latterday Saint Seminaries.

readily accessible form much priceless

Leadership of Art obscure from and scattered The there along comes/"Occasionally Tead, McGrawHill Ordway L. E. a informationsources.—i?. discussed on a widely summary Inc., York, 1936.) Company,( New as in Religious Education presents that classifiessubject and

compact, readable form all of the essenCharacter Training rT"'o a Church vitally concerned with tial evidence for and against the case (Leonid V. Tulpa—J. J. Little A leadership, this book offers helpful

in point. Such a work is Seven Claims & Co., N. Y.) suggestions. Mr. Tead stresses the

of the Book of Mormon, prepared in HThe author sets himself the task of responsibility of leadership, the great

London, with ready access to the Britexamining and evaluating such obleader being to the author one who the the of "has cause symbol becomeish Dr. by A. Widtsoe John Museum, jections to religious education as ( 1

prestige to it given has and and human S. Harris, Franklinand Jr., and rethat indifference; it leads to religious

leased recently by the Press of the (2) it is a form of indoctrination; (3) warmth."The analysis of the characZion's Printing and Publishing Comit introduces fear into child life; (4) teristics which are essential to good

pany. it provides an escape from reality. leadership is keen.

This collection of evidences is a The author forcefully demonstrates The final paragraph is particularly reference work to which missionaries the invalidity of these objections and important in these days of changing and Gospel students will look for a long brings into relief the confusion in thinkgovernments and dictatorships: "Good

time to come for information and ing of critics of religious education. leading depends upon good followers.

source material on matters pertaining Much of this confusion is caused by a It depends upon people gradually being to the origin and authenticity of the lack of knowledge of what religion is able to know wherein lies their own

Book of Mormon. Its correlated chain and of how its aims may be achieved. highest good, and upon their being

of facts goes back to earliest original The author offers a definition of removed to follow it. The process is

sources on the subject, with crossligion in terms of attitudes toward God eternally interdependent. The leader

references to subsources and commenand man, and lists and defines the depoints the way but equally the followtaries on original sources. The evisired attitudes. The child's environers decide that the way is good."

dences and arguments are taken imment is then examined to discover the—M. C. /.

partially from Church and nonChurch agencies in contact with which the authorities and are presented in such child acts and behaves. The home, The Exile

manner as to be acceptable to students school, church, community; the cinema, (Pearl S. Buck, Reynal and

both within and without the Church. the radio, and the press must coordinate Hitchcock, New York, 1936.)

activities their expert guidance, under classified are evidences under The will serve, to indomitable specific the directed aims with toward follows headings, asseven main all typified are purpose and a fixed if /ourage, reliconstructive attitudes desired,

I had Claim Book The of Mormon life in telling this story the book, of a realized. gious is to education be

origin. miraculousa missionary's in Vividly, China. wife

Claim II The Book of Mormon was Mrs. Buck paints her central figure in

written on Gold Plates in reformed unforgettable colors. Poignantly, Carie

Egyptian by a succession of historians. moves across the pages of the book,

Claim III There existed a populous offering her practical advice to the

American civilization in antiquity. Chinese. Carie's joyous way of living

suggests simple her children ways Aborigwith Claim American IV The in which make our home own we mayines descent. part are in of Hebrew

life happily worthwhile. more M. C. J. Claim V Jesus Christ visited the

American continent. Pratt the Red Man's Moses

contents Claim The Book VI of the Eastman, (Elaine Goodale POETRY inspired. areof Mormon Press, of Oklahoma By Helen VII Claim The Mormon Book of McMahan University1935.)

its test authenticity. a certainoffers of earthen ancient voice of dawn, an interest the Saints of Latterday The HpHE

jar, brief In ninetyeight onehundred A in of the Indian, has been which bit lace, house, of a yellow empty this An of authors readable theand pages duration, will long heightened be by guitar, steel inlaid grain of sand, an Aintensely interesting have manwork this of the of reading biography lover's the of searched eyes her one The who to than only notaged summarize more noted face, Indian teacher. with His work

a century's "pro and con"claims, but the Indians proved their native ability have added some new supporting evi- A tumbleweed, the ringdove's eerie cry, and keenness of perception as well as dences from recent research and cur- A pleasure boat, a sagging wooden gate, their dogged persistence in the face of bit ofrent open fire, a discoveries. An Pratt conditions. April sky, almost desperate

plate. china A blueglazed Seven to contrary Claims of the Book of Morlearned that the Indian,

It than a reference is more work:mon Red

is is It read to be and enjoyed. a book A menuslipperedcard, feet,a withereda bird withJudasbrokentree:—wing, mostassociationbeliefs,withis notthea lazyIndiansperson.in manyHis

an added testimony, among many, for To these, and more, my tribute I would sing capacities taught him that they have the Book that "offers comfort and Because all things are poetry to me. many admirable qualities. M. C. J.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1936

Ao READING COURSE BOOK M L ADULT JUNIOR Judy—Temple Bailey.

Wind in the Chimney—Cornelia Meigs.

Wake Up and Live Larry Red Caps to Lilies—Katherine Adams.

(Dorothea BrandeSimon and ( The John Day Company, LittleDonough.Soldier ofReviewedthe Plains—Marionbelow. McSchuster, New York, 1936) New York, 1931.) Grey Eyes'—Katherine Adams.

Colver. R. Pretender—Alice Dear The

is subthe of "TThoughts Youth"is writer stimulating Girl of a HoMing,Irs. China—Elizabeth Brande New A title inthis entertaining of and Lewis. feel that readers her makes who

college formational of lad a book whose of the Children Covered Wagon—Maryall set things they only are possible—if life offer reactions spontaneous to Carr. an J. it iftheir to wills as work. were "Act

Girl Frontier of Chesapeake insight into of thinking the peoyoung A Bay—A. is fail"of to theimpossible keynote Curtis. T. it for ple older people and read who old the saysthe book. Brande Mrs. Ferris. Girls Five Dared—Helen Who will Girls the to encourage Junior do in convincinglything a new Follett Portholes—Helen Magic way—to right thing.

benefit.our joy and Porter. Pollyanna—Larry's statemenet concerning Morof Green Anne Gables—Montgomery. this heartily book recommend We is at challenge a an once monism and Silver of Pat Bush—Montgomery. infor addition to Mutual members inspiration: "I to School went Sunday Coolidge. Katy Did—Susan What is It class. easily readthe Adult and the believe me, and whether Mormons Coolidge. Susan Katy Did What Next—challenging, stimulatingwill prove a it the is of not, right Porter. the Girl the or dope have Limberlost—

one.—M. C. /. most plausible and sane and scientific Anne of Avonlea—Montgomery.

and universal that I've heard. And Anne's House of Dreams—Montgomery.

Pollyanna Grows Up—Montgomery. littlest the everyone from kid to theSENIOR

of Pollyanna the Orange Blossomsis stuff. his There knows man Montgomery.Making is if there mystery, the Most of Your Life oldestno wondering no and Juanita—Tremier Courtney Juan

(John }. B. Morgan and Ewing T. something that had better be left unBaylor.

Webb, Garden City Publishing explained; everything is clear and imYouth's Captain—Story of Ralph WaldoCompany, 1932) plicitly believed and lived!"—ill. C. ]. Emerson by Hidlegarde Hawthorne.

Caddie Woodlawn—Carol Ryrie Brink.

Cumulating to the nth degree is this SCOUTS Dobry—Monica Shannon. Reviewed beof authors Strategy book by theS* "The Voice of the Intangible"Younglow. Walter Scott—Elizabeth Janetin the which People Handling was

(Albert Deseret Gray. R. Lyman, News 193435 season.reading course book of

Lull. Face City, West—Margaret Salt Utah, Lake 1936) will the Press, proveLegions of examples Nancy Sails—Mildred Wasson.

statements made. Of course, the auCome years ago this story of a courThese books can be purchased at the

thors would have done well to choose ageous young cowboy who rode the Deseret Book Company, Salt Lake City, some other women than Carrie Nation San Juan hills appeared in The ImUtah.

and Cleopatra, who although great in provement Era. So popular was it

their own right are not typical of the that scores of requests have been reCaddie Woodlawn many women who have achieved. ceived by the author and by the Era (Carol Ryrie Brink, Macmillan

The books will prove worthy of placfor its republication. Company, New York, 1936.)

in the people to ofing younger hands spirit pervades this work by Albert A /"addie completely deWoodlawn to greater accomplishimpel them hearts R. it to the endears which Lyman V-1 serves the distinction reit hasments. C. M. J. all of read it. who prize ceived the winning by Newbery

M MEN AND GLEANERS ladTheof eleven,story surroundswho beginsBento Rojer,ride thea forrollicking,juvenileexcitingliterature.one Theof adventurestory is a

North to the Orient veryrange splendidwith his cattleman.father, Fred TheRojer,talea inactualearly happeningsday Wisconsin,in thebasedlifeonofmanythe

"pORMERLY reviewed in The Impvovetakes the boy through many experiences author's grandmother. This book is

*- ment Eva for March, 1936, page both humorous and sad. I asked Zeke a worthwhile addition to the library for

the of Natural custodian growing boys and C. /. it to you Johnson, recommended girls.-—M. we170—as the book, he liked "The Bridges, how books on recommended Two other its values?then, may we reemphasize

Voice of the Intangible."He replied: this list for BeeHive Girls have alEXPLORERS "I love it. It is a great story of my ready been reviewed in the Era:

country and my people.""Youth's Captain,"in December,

The Heart of a Rose Cowboys, rangers, good and bad, 1935, page 759.

1 Mabel A. McKee, Fleming H. Indians, and many horses trail through "Young Walter Scott,"in NovemRevellCo., 1923.) this wonderful story of our own Utah ber, 1935, page 693.

range land. Harrison R. Merrill, DiSoldiers Plains will his teens of the in man young Division rector Extension B. Y. U. Little

this to because read book'-*'pvERYwant (Marian McDonough, M. The Penn Girls BeeHive List for it Suggested that is fundaproblem withdeals a Publishing Philadelphia, Company,mental in the life of every youth—the Heidi—Spyri. 1934.)

proper attitude and relationship of a Poor Little Rich Girl—E. Gates.

young man toward the young women Rebecca of Sunnybrook Farm—Wiggins. HPhe story of thirteen year old

with whom he associates. This story, Red Robin—Jane Abbott * Marian Blane who left Leaventold in symbolism, can be read in an Merridy Road—Jane Abbott. worth, Kansas, to travel to Colorado

Abbott. Miss Family—Jane is its impression or less—buthour find will in hearts a thrilling the echo

Little Alcott. May Jolley'sWomen—Louise is strong. its lessonindelible and The of countless Latterday Saint boys and Fashioned Alcott. Girl—Louise Old May as today is as popular aHeart Rose of girls ancestors the braved whose same Porter. Billy—Miss

it becauseit generation ago a was settle in of hardships westto the kind Secret H. Burnett Garden—F. The

deals with a problem that is vital to Daddy Long Legs—Jean Webster. ern states. The story will be gripping

every generation. R. L. E. Dear Enemy—Jean Webster. for younger readers.—M. C. /.

CONDUCTED BY MARBA C. JOSEPHSON

HThe Goddess of Liberty has stood Cchool bells! To quote Poe: We must guard our tongues in

on the Island of Bedloe for fifty "What a world of merriment front of the children. We should

years watching the ships plow their melody foretells!"—At least avoid making any disparaging rethrough the rough waters of the that is as it should be. Too often it mark concerning the teachers. We

Atlantic... holding aloft her becomes like another line of Poe: should do our best to prevent older

torch to the steamers that bring to "What a tale their terror tells of children from telling stories about us the fashion message of Paris. Despair!"the severities of teachers. When the

She has looked with an eye of apWe parents have a responsibility younger children hear these tales, proval and sometimes with a cynical in making the children's school year they go into the room frightened and eye upon the fashions that have a happier one than any they have therefore with a mind set against passed by during her half a century had before. We should plan well the work. Often they cannot sucat the mouth of the Hudson river.. enough that the children may feel at ceed in overcoming this fear and as

beginning with the "Basque"and home with the group in which they a result cannot do the work satis- "Leg-o'-Mutton Sleeves"of the find themselves. One rather comfactorily. Let's cooperate to make

'80's down to the "Flapper"of 1928, prehensive study of reasons as to this school year a delightful experithe "Hour Glass"of 1932 and the why children disliked school reence for our family.

"Streamline"of 1934. solved itself largely into the fact While our children are learning,

This season, with a smile on her that they could not dress as other mothers should not mark time. If

face that would measure four feet members of the group did and therewe don't do our best to keep up, we wide (if she could smile) she ushers fore they felt selfconscious. If we shall awake one day to find that our

in the "Casual"fashion of 1937.. are observant and discriminating, children are just a bit ashamed of

a style that puts American women we can buy economically and yet us. There are many agencies

in a class with the best dressed have the children well dressed in a through which we can improve ourwomen of the world. style similar to that of their classselves. Universities offer extension

"Casual"is a new and definite mates. and correspondence courses; most

set fashion of its own for fall and governments have adult school prowinter. A "friendly"in between Another feature of school work grams; cities have community cendressy and sports type fashion to which should be watched careters where women may study in

keep the hurrying American comfully is the attitude that we as parvarious fields.

fortable and happy. It combines ents take toward our children's A book that will prove of great

trends from the Orient, from Europe teachers. Not all people react to help to mothers who feel rusty is

that in others the way, and same like that a a colors reads a title book with fromand America—with

is again it should as be. Wouldn't tosubtle us Learning give conundrum: and How sophisticated—to

if everyworld monotonous it be a Pitkin, written is versatile. that Learn, Newton,a fashion by

You will hear the certain fashion body liked everybody else equally and Langham, and published by the appeal of "Casual"whenever you well? We should be especially careMcGraw-Hill Book Company of

go to buy coats, dresses, millinery or ful not to confuse personal dislike New York and London, at a cost of accessories this Fall. with the teacher's ability to impart only 92 cents. A group of mothers

... and when you wear this what we want the children to learn. in the same neighborhood could

where—herefashion that willor abroad,be at homeyou'll everyagree formas a basis.a studyTheclassbookusingis especiallythis book

with the Goddess of Liberty that the helpful when a group can work out reasons you both like it are because the experiments together. The

it's quiet, wellbred and free from book will stimulate the opening of tricks; a perfect fashion to suit the doors long since closed and will help

practical needs of the busy American in the general business of living and woman. learning.

HAIR CUT A WISH

By Alberta H. Christensen By Alberta Huish Christensen

dear?"of this, have some my you tells the barberman a WILL

would."course says, you "Of can't he Mom cut and where he can;NoWhereone

Mom thinks he does eggzactlg right, And I'm supposed to eat it all,-—

But 'cause 7 barbered me tonight, As if it tasted good.

She says I look an awful sight. But if you'd really like to know,

That's what she said, "An awful sight."I wish that spinach didn't grow.

PRELUDE A TO LIVING

By PAULINE ALLEN

In which one girl finds an answer to a modern question a home or a career?

Ordinarily, too, Leone was attracschool again.'Of course I laughed

tive, but now, drugged with disand said no I wasn't teaching this content and despair, she moved year as though it were a mere trivialapathetically. Her lithe slender body ity; but mother, it's simply that for

seemed heavy and in its frame of two years I have flown too high and, gold brown hair her vivid face was well, you know the higher one goes, dull and listless, insensitive to the the harder the fall,"she finished beauty of the crimsoning leaves, to whimsically.

the tang of fall in the crisp breeze "I know, dear, it is hard; but we

ruffling her hair as she shook the all must make adjustments. It isn't

breakfast cloth. what we do but how we do it that

She had gone over the matter so counts,"returned her mother.

many times, each time returning "You're a good tonic. I feel betwearily to the same place. It hadn't ter already and I shall recommend

been her fault that the Knowlton your professional services highly,"school board had decided to cut out Leone smiled. "Now I believe I need

the extra section of beginners; of a walk; shall I take Ted's laundry

course she was the newest teacher and mail it?"

and logically the one to dispense But just the same, she mused as with. Just one of those things that she dressed for her walk: she could

school other every happen, and with so have helped them much—with teachers system cutting on down first college year, with in for his Ted

there hadn't been a chance to get the twins'tonsil operation, and other position. another she obligations. of all, But worst"JUST OF LEONE, IS ONE CROWD. THE "Never

I confidence mind, daughter,"her thought, I'm losing in myTOTHAT ALL YOU"MEAN to "It will father be good had said. matter one besides—it's self—and haven't at home. you have You is unthe fact that one to pass off

seemed much like my little girl since employed and quite another to deny of important lady an became you the to gaily masked, eyes with meet nibbled slowly at her. affairs,"twinkled he had of significant innuendoes smiles and piece a toast of ason vanher from L|Eone "Besides, needs your mother your said, friends well meaning who intage seat the breakfast she nook too."help lady! Confess young now, "Now, line the children steadywatched of dear,"her remonmother "Leone, at staying of secret the home. your their to school.on Booksacks way strated. mustn't morbid be "You is tall that young who man Where blithely, swinging smallwere some it. are scores of there about Why, every sumhere one weekend was in hurryingowners to mar- a crowd It so teachers of out work. seems merfble or the hopscotch before game at to home. have you Then good

nine o'clock bell, others dallying you have your Sunday School class "Yes, indeed, where is he?"Leone

along, shouting noisily as they shufand the story hour at the library. murmured to herself. From a drawfled through the crackling leaves Perhaps you will do more good this er she took an overflowing snapshot

bordering the sidewalk. way."album. Stan smiled up at her from

"Everyone going somewhere, ex- "Oh, I'm just ungrateful, Moththe wheel of a low slung roadster, cept me,"the girl thought listlessly er,"Leone said contritely. "It is from over a campfire, from a snap

as she cleared the table. Ordinarnice to be at home, and you're so of them together on horses silhouily she would have finished the understanding. I don't often feel etted against the skyline. What

dishes in a short time, enjoying the this way; only last night at the joyous days those had been!

bright October sunshine flooding shower for Beth Merrill, all the old She closed the book with a sigh.

through the ruffled curtains, sparkcrowd were there and so many of She had met Stan the first year she ling on the silverware, and lying in them said, "What! are you still at was at Knowlton, a Knowlton boy

pools of light on the linoleum floor. home? I thought you were off to {Continued on page 580)

CONDUCTED BY THE MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD COMMITTEE OF THE

COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE EDITED BY JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH

THE STAKE MISSIONARY Every effort should be made to hold To cripple or disrupt the local activities in to in the or adwards any work way it If is possible to cottage meetings.WORK

their interests to to best would be receive invitation a versely to such hold an years of the leading several jpOR some mission, of the defeat very our purpose and ""investigator at the meeting of an home stakes in of Zion, especially those intent. nothing farther could our from be

of the people the where neighborhood Salt county, City and Lake been have the desire contrary, to build them we On conducting missionary work within the may be invited to assemble, this should up and in every possible way to sustain borders of the respective stakes. Wonbe done. Homes of members of the the splendid institutions which the Lord

derful results have come from this labor. Church, perhaps the homes of the mishas established in the Wards and Stakes

Brief mention has already been made sionaries themselves, may also be availof Zion for the salvation of His people, of the good which has been accomable, and invitations extended to inboth old and young.

time, yet, at district the terested deliving within the same must people And weplished faithful the by and men women for pend our missionBishops our upon all is It to mission. of the our duty do their to this time given have laborwho

aries, assuredly most and count we on of in to place the our message powerin local is a to This way. be work their receiving loyal enthusiastic and cothe the people. before Gospel have We differentcontinued, but aspects under operation supplying us suitable by and men greattruth. the divine of message Thein relation to the Seventies work. The this carrying for on missionary women new

is gift est the children of to His God the calledof are to the misChurch be within the of stakes Zion. movement Withsionaries and their labors will be under gift of eternal life. Few among the out this, success would be impossible.

the supervision of the First Council many are troubled about the securing Inasmuch as our missionaries will be laand the Presidencies of the stakes. of this great gift. We must by every boring right in their own stake, it will be

Within the past two or three months proper means, using judgment, tact, and seen that every effort put forth by them this missionary cause has been passing knowledge, awaken those who are inwill redound to the benefit of the ward.

If it successful in are labors, all our different we enlighten means be and may whothrough transition the period the from increased in the membership increaswards, eternal in interest their led to take an to theold system new. Within a short ed attendance at meetings, inSacrament is indifference. salvation. of This a day fully findtime expect to the we work creased tithes of payments offerings, and this set are of upon minds men inestablished perfect orThe working and better knowledge stronger testimonies and

it offers. sight of world and what The all in theder Zion. stakes of the of Gospel, ability better for and teachThe following report, covering a heaven is lost, or never considered, by ing it.

period of six months, and embracing the great majority in this day of maSurely then, all our efforts will inure preare achievement. Yet therethe the old of misterial under system work

all cious souls to be saved andsionary men directlyare not totakingthe welfareyour officersof the andwards.workersWe labor within the Liberty Stake

has been forwarded to President Rudare to be warned, so that they may be away from you, but merely borrowing them ger Clawson. This is typical of the left without excuse if they fail to heed for a short period of about two years, to

all return to the them you better prepared message.missionary perthe been has work which their activities, stake and ward by reaTheformed in several other of the stakes. filled following letter in relation to the sonfor of having mission. honorable an

issued from missionary has been stakes this activity workThose has where

In our Letter No. advocated the 4, we of the the First Council is it office of inaugurated,not been but in which Sevextension of the missionary term beyond

to enty:—established, be fully shouldnow the twoyear period has which fixed been

this noticetake report the misof and for foreign our missions. us Let renow

July 15, 1936.sionaries in stakes ensuch scind should that recommendation adopting the by

Presidencies: Stake To period, twoyear to the asdeavor emulate the of in example the forthe same

Brethren: Dear eign missionary service. is Thisfaithful recomre- labors are workers whose

in the it highly important to very mended First Presidency. us by The We deemflected in the report published here. We

of beginning missionary our local heartily work in this concur advice feel and

July 10, 1936. in the Stakes of Zion that there shall be a that it would have been unwise to prolong

President Rudger Clawson, full and harmonious understanding with the the missionary term beyond the twoyear

Salt Lake City, Utah. local authorities of the Church, particularly period.

Brother:Dear the of are wards, with Bishops charged who the twoyear period As expires the and is activities report the of Enclosed the great responsibility of with of conducting missionaries are released, will you be conlocalthe missionaries the of Liberty affairs the their Stake reof the within Church fronted the with task finding of recruits; for the Zionof ending six months jurisdictions. 30, spective June therefore, let us that suggest not you do1930: this to must, call approach matter of Our so that will many be you unable

Number of missionaries in the stake.... 85 necessity, be through you, under whose fill the vacancies in the missionary forcesto

Evenings or parts of days spent in direction the various and supervision wards their caused releases. by should bear We missionary work 1828 First are operating and with that The whom these in mind Stake Missions are to

spent in missionaryHours of the are work 3164 Council collaborating Seventy in be permanent institutions—a perpetual gocalls while tractingNumber made the organizing conducting 3770 and ing new uniform therefore and coming—and should we

first of invitations while tractNumber and permanent missionary system of work endeavor fit our plans to make into this ing throughout 1348 the organized of Zion. situation, Stakes and not undertake to carry a

of revisitsNumber It is definitely 1319 that the understood misheavier load than can continue to we mainGospel conversations 2637 sionaries are to be called by you after tain.

Standard disChurch works and books the consultation local the Bishops with and that Trusting with may, the we blessing tributed councils the 61 of Seventy. consider This we favor and the of Lord and united our efdistributedTracts it for provision, 1994 a very the leaves wise forts, to able be accomplish the asworkCottage meetings held matter the of 5 safeguarding stake ward and us, unto remain. we as activitiesBaptism of missionary a result labor 87 as such Schools and Sunday M. signed

Sincerely your brother, I. A., etc., entirely under your control and Sincerely your brethren,

(Signed) ADOLPH MERZ, will present any undue and unnecessary

President of the Liberty inroads being made on your local organTHE FIRST COUNCIL OF SEVENTY,

Stake Mission. izations. By RULON S. WELLS.

CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC—EDITED BY JOHN D. GILES

YOUTH OF CHURCH ISSUES CHALLENGE TO OBSERVE

LAWS OF GOD

Addresses delivered at Aaronic Priesthood Assembly, Salt Lake Tabernacle, June 28, 1936

more subtle than ever before. Everyyour friends, your teachers, your wards

Literbegin- this evil is rampant. and stakes. humble From

of ning the for shall arise all the finest HONOR THE SABBATH whereature, aboutart, dramatics,us reverence a new arts, to nothing are reverting but Lord's Church. the throughout day DAY TO KEEP IT HOLY the

for there is of huthe basest emotions an outlet but Perhaps been lax, we have man nature. still time for repentance. And by reSHALL THE YOUTH fluencesAdvertising,for advancementone of the ingreatestour civilin- pentance,sinful waysI meanforever.the AsforsakingJoseph ofSmithour

OF ZION FALTER? ization, has been twisted by unscrupuonce said: "Daily transgression and

By Spencer Cowan lous, moneymad demons to make evils daily repentance is not that which is (Bonneville Stake) seem as virtues before our eyes. Everypleasing in the sight of God."Let us

where we see and hear that which we repent of our negligent conduct, and /\NE beautiful spring day in the year know to be false. Known contamiforever continue in the path of right.

1820, a youth, not yet in his fifnators of the human body are publicized We, the youth of Zion, have been teenth year, retired to the solitude of a as builders of great strength. Here we condemned for many things by our

wooded grove to call upon his Father. must judge. Perhaps the decision as elders, but perhaps the greatest cause

Finding a secluded spot, he looked to the right and wrong seems difficult of this is the seeming tolerance we have about him to be sure that he was but in truth it should be very simple. for practices contrary to our beliefs. I

alone, and then bowed down and pourCan there ever be a compromise with will admit that some may see ambiguity ed forth his heart to heaven. On that evil? There is only one possible anin the statement that we are tolerant,

day occurred one of the most marswer—there can never be. yet uncompromising. Yet in truth,

velous and important events in the hisThe principles and doctrines of this these two things conflict not at all.

tory of the world. Church establish definitely the line beDaily in our schools we are thrown in

The story is too commonly known to tween good and evil. Certainly the contact with the youth of every creed

need repeating. We all know the refact that "everybody's doing it"does and denomination in existence. We

sults of that prayer in the Sacred Grove not alter or erase that line. We know associate and mingle with them, fre-—how the Father and Son descended the law; it has been given to us by quently finding them even more enjoyand appeared to the young Prophet divine inspiration. It is ours to keep. able companions than those of our own

and told him that through him would This is the answer of the youth of Zion. faith. We learn to respect them and

the true Church of Jesus Christ be And skeptical as may be a few "doubttheir ideas, though perhaps entirely restored to the earth—how within the ing Thomases,"the youth of Zion still contrary to our own.

next ten years, while still a youth in his turn to the Church of Jesus Christ of The fact that they see no harm in late teens and early twenties, the same Latterday Saints for the standard of smoking a cigarette or taking a drink of young man received golden plates which righteous conduct and living. liquor does not justify our believing the

had long been hidden from the eyes of Perhaps we have been a little lax in same. We have reason to believe

the world and translated them, giving some of the practices of our faith otherwise, and we do. We are merely

work—howto the world asits thesecondclimaxgreatto thatscripturalwoninother:one thatthing,ofI thethink,observancemore thanof anythe toleratingwith it. Wea situation,still havenotourcompromisingbeliefs, and

drous brief decade, the young Prophet Sabbath. Thinking it a little thing, we we shall ever cling to them. As the

Joseph Smith established the Church of have failed to measure up to the exeleventh Article of Faith states

Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints. pectations of the Father in this respect.

privilege the worshiping claim of "We established the I will not Youth attempt to defend our Church and dictates to of the according conAlmighty God principle; it endure. in the estabrelationyouth Since duct I must to this made all conscience, allow our the same and men

lishment of the Church, youth has simply admit we have been negligent. privilege, let them worship how, where, or

been one of its active, guiding factors. But it certainly is no little thing to what they may."

For some four generations youth has desecrate the Sabbath. It is the Lord's

taken up the cross where their elders day and must be commemorated as I must admit that our viewpoint on have lowered it. For five generations such. At this very time, there are many of the evils before us today are

youth has carried on. many, perhaps faithful in other things, at variance with those of the old genIt seems that at the present there who are in absence from this session eration, but if you could ever peer beis grave doubt in the minds of some simply because of choice of diverting neath this surface difference you would

of the older members of this Church pleasure. find that the majority of the younger

concerning the socalled "modern These are the ones who must be generation is still willing to accept the youth"which must some day carry on. reached by the message of this conjudgment of its elders. "Honor thy

Today, we, this modern youth, have ference. But a mere handful of the Father and thy Mother"still holds for

assembled to give forth our answer to youth of Zion are now within reach of us the same deep meaning that it did for those doubts. This afternoon, I speak my voice, and those the choicest of the the generations past. Our surface

to you not as one youth of the Church, lot. You have answered to the call to veneer makes us seem a hard, proud lot,

but as your representative to answer put away frivolities and hearken to the but in reality, the inner spirit is the the fears of our elders. word of God. But with this group can same as of old.

We are, we admit, living in a day begin the return to proper observance As I have already said, we do have when temptations are greater and yet of the Sabbath. Carry the message to more temptations to overcome. But

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1936

if we are not defeated by these obProving devotion and loyalty by acselfish, or stoop to anything unworthy stacles, we shall rise an even greater tion is not a new thing. Many have destroys our right even to claim alleand stronger generation for our having thoughts along this line for we have giance to the Latterday Saint belief.

met and conquered them. Just a few heard such old adages as "By their Such terms as loyalty, fidelity and

years ago a young man, Earl Ross, then fruits ye shall know them", "Actions devotion are abstract. The Church

a member of Emigration Ward of speak louder than words", "What you itself is abstract, but the proof of one

Bonneville Stake, prepared a talk are, rings so loudly in my ears that I to the other must of necessity be conwhich he was never destined to decannot hear what you are saying."Not crete.

liver. Just before the June Conference only in the religious realm do actions An army officer from New York on

at which he was to speak, 'he took prove intentions, for true patriots must his first visit to a CCC Camp in Utah seriously ill, and two days later passed do something for their country, a father said, "I am curiously interested in Morfrom this earth. From his last message, must act for his family, a mother must monism because the Mormon boys dis-

I quote: minister to her children: tinguished themselves by their actions.

To accept a theoretical belief in God They are easier to discipline, depend- "Well, Pioneer, you see we too have and His Son and then stand idly by able key men, and know more about to rivers cross, prairies to climb,mountains teachings their ignored their ever religion and watching than boys I have any faith. of torch to ford in our the carrying

left undone, the of is met."the Church work

is task, are but a greatOurs we of Articles the repeat while cowardly. Kirkham Oscar was tourOnce To fields. iningly are pioneering new unfalterWe {Conctuded on page 570) dishonest, unchaste. then be Faith andstill that miles goal a our from goal—we

can never reach, nor can any of the succeeding generations. There will always

be new problems to solve, new pioneering in new fields, but we are still miles on our THE WORD OF WISDOM REVIEW achieved haveway. We

can'tbut and won't stop. we concreteWe goalsshall A Monthly Presentation of Pertinent Information Regarding the

press on and carry the torch you have Lord's Law of Health handed to us, the torch of our faith, to every part of the world, no matter where it is; to every nation, no matter how small;

to every individual no matter how lowly. MESSAGE OF THE way of greeting to the Saints, not by

these will doWe of it states—in constraint—so WORD OF WISDOM waythy cause can command. we things withWeeverywill worpio- respect it has seemed to me to which

neer, just as you did."Excerpts from an Address be comparable to the greatest messages

by Elder Stephen L. Richards. which came from the Redeemer of the

Earl Ross's last pledge was that the T know of nothing wiser than the world when in the flesh he spoke to youth would carry on. We, the living A Word of Wisdom. I regard this mankind. It rings with the same spirit

youth, will make good his word. great message from the Lord as being as do the Beatitudes, wherein the Christ

one of the most distinctive and one of said, not by way of constraint, not in "Shall the youth of Zion falter, the most vital contributions coming to the thunder of commandment, but in truth right?In defending and characterized spirit which that lovely the the through Prophet world Joseph the assaileth,While enemy the pure are "Blessed ministry: his all great Smith. messages Like andShall shrink the or shun fight, No! we Blessed shall see for in they heart, God. it connotes than even documents more the faith to that parentsTrue our have

shall obtain merciful, for they are the it It sufficient in denotes. deis given cherished,

True to the truth for which martyrs have tail to obviate all ambiguity, and at the mercy."So he gave to us this fundaperished, same time it is sufficiently general to mental message of life and health and

To God's command, soul, heart, and hand, have application to many phases of life strength and purity, "as a principle with

Faithful and true we will ever stand."and to all of those items which enter promise."

It living. the into clean proceeds upon it us, does it less binding upon Is

older the generation That have may in greatest the that thing assumption less, the Lord because us the constrain faith in the youth,more that and is the life indisliving, that the most and it is pleasing him unto that said has ever of thatyouth worthy prove may is living health pensable to thing good enuthings here the should do that wefaith, is in the prayer of Jesus name my spiritual. mental,—bodily, and enhere things the avoid and meratedChrist. Amen. a contemplate cannot good man We joined?

who does not have respect for the

ACTIONS WILL institution of has sacred"BY MY his body. God President Wilford Woodruff said: ALLEGIANCEIPROVE to us in this dispensation given MY a new

TO THE CHURCH"conception of the body of man. It is "We are sent into this world to accomsomething more than earth and the eleplish a great purpose, and to fulfill the obEdwinBy the observe must of our creation we earth. the ject that believe of Erickson ments We

orthe(Liberty Stake) and obey of God, commandments literal child spirit is that the of God, in them house, and of walk dinances His actions in no other and our to providence earth in divine way it comesDy flesh, that in live the while when we we allegiance mortality, that to while here can prove our take on we to God this back can with go body have done we or the Church. The Church of Jesus it is housed in a tabernacle, that that into the presence of our Father and our

Christ of Latterday Saints is a restored tabernacle itself is made through the God and receive in fullness the blessings plan of life and salvation, revealed beneficent provision of the Creator in and promises made to His children.

under proper authority. It teaches behis own likeness. In that conception "Those persons who will not walk aclief in God the Father, His Son, Jesus no one may defile the tabernacle, cording to the light they have, must soonChrist, and in the Holy Ghost, and wherein dwells the spirit, without offerer or later inherit sore afflictions to themman's responsibility for his own acts; ing affront to God who gave it. He selves; they do not have joy, and happithat all mankind may be saved by obecannot pollute his body with poisonous ness, and salvation like that person whodience to the laws and ordinances of or disintegrating substances without obeys the commandments of God and conthat stantly is right. does wick* which The It his honest,the to offense against Gospel. us teaches committing be an God

is fear. in are induceed always There notrue, chaste, virtuous benevolent, his Creator. and and

sin for to or ment a commit man woman

I all to to men. has proudto do good to of am come The Wisdom Word is is it It better business. paying not a

show allegiance to such a Church. us in what seems to me the most exus to serve the Lord, for those who servefor

Allegiance can be indisputably cellent, the most pleasing manner posthe Lord morning, noon, and night are proved only by positive action. sible to give a message. It came by happy, whether they be rich or poor."

CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC—EDITED BY JOHN D. GILES

Can discover the needy.

organization replaces it. Ward Teacher's Message for October, 1936 No

"LEAD US NOT INTO "A knowledge of good and evil is esHow to Teach that sential to the advancement GodTEMPTATION."has Prayer before starting on duty. to achieve; for his children possible made

to greeting every member. this best gained of by Warm be discussion can and knowledge been much hasHpHERE

visit. of State purpose A actual experience. Therefore, has been man in the Prayer Lord's the sentence

if occurs. opportunity Sing, influence to the earth subject placed upon not translated us "Lead has beenwhich

occurs. opportunity with powers, of a Pray, wicked when knowand good versioninto revised temptation."The

him, the surrounding conditions of ledge for month. Present message is in us not "Leave acceptwhich many for right to himchoose heavenborn a and spirit prompts. the what Teachtemptation."self. faith. spirit of the Radiate into his children lead Does God of the Prophets Nephite "Another visit. for thankful family Leave the the Alltemptation? evidence and in died, of those speaking (Alma) had who visits. in regular Be contrary. to are thedictates reason of said they they 'That reap might had gone

if a once month, Visit than more is chiltheir to their the that permitted according rewards works,Temptation dren of God may gain a knowledge of whether they were good or whether they necessary.

good and evil through experience. All were bad, to reap eternal happiness or Have family discuss message.

the teachings of our Father in heaven eternal misery, according to the spirit Leave one good thought, at least.

lead us into righteousness and away which they listed to obey, whether it be a one. or a every For bad good spirit man to Teach temptation mustfrom evil. Yet

listeth to What be receiveth of he wages him whom permitplaced in order to before man ascertain attitude of famTactfully obey."

free agenthe the of of operation law ily toward: it will the that seen be above Fromcy. into neither leads us temptaGod a. Church. is in temptation while the necworld evil force totion permits nor powers Authorities. b. General essary, having introduced been Saby sin. tous c. Day. Sabbath The tan, divine continpermission and by quotations following from ArThe d. of Wisdom. Word in that order gain ued experimay man ticles E. Talmage, Faith James by of e. prayer. Family evil contrast ence between and by is "It carefully: studiedshould be no

f. Tithing. good, lead into not us does tempGod to of plan part God's a compelmore service, g. Missionary is all tation. "leading"His from away it is righteousness than tomen work prayer, h. Individual it. to his desires children be saved He evilhis to to permit purpose powers

i. offerings. Fast in highest the of glory degree which sin. his into force children

will be our happy lot if we avoid temp- j. Activities of family in Church

"Concerning his dealings with the first tation, lead ourselves not into it, but by organizations.

patriarch of the race (Adam) God has defollowing the teachings given unto us, k. Harmony in family.

clared in this day: 'Behold, I gave unto him overcome temptation and thus win ex- 1. New families in district,

that he should be an agent unto himself.'altation and eternal life. m. Sick and needy in neighborhood.

Special attention to neglectful families.

and girls. Indifferent boys the of Bishop notebook missionary John Develop"Prom meetings. spirit. Sacramental

of the Presiding Bishopric free from faultfinding. Wells Must be

the following thoughts on Ward TeachExample is better than precept.

ing are taken: Dont's

Purpose Don't gossip.

References To build up faith. Don't discuss other people's affairs.

Doc. and Cov. 20:4653; 107:10; To teach the Gospel. Don't be a pessimist.

84:111. To exhort. Don't embarrass parents of children.

To encourage. Don't try to pry into private affairs.

Importance To keep out iniquity.

An honor to be a teacher. To teach family prayer. Results

inquire temporal condiabout To his calling. of Should be proud reading. Scripture More tions. bishopric. the Represents praying in the home. More Calling important. is very flock. Is shepherd of a

contact Personal attendance at Sacramental with family. Better necessary. duty more No meetings. the needy. Discover opportunity to do good. No better

Gospel is vital message. Responsibility of Family Better tithepayers.

Kind of Teachers Should welcome teachers. Betterdom.observance of Word of WisShould gather family together.

Must be true Latterday Saint. Should establish order in the home. Awakening of love for the Gospel.

desire life. to serve. Saints a live exemplary Should of should tell teachers Gives home Head

living the Gospel. Better of believe the Gospel. Should sincerely in charge. are they

Should have enthusiasm for work. Decrease of trouble and transgresShould have a testimony. Opportunities sors.

Should love fellowmen. Done exclusively in home. Remember that the key note of sucShould believe in prayer. No other organization does it. cessful ward teaching is love of

Should be above personal gossip. Reaches Saints as a family. teacher for his fellow members

Free from sins of the world. In touch with old and young. and desire for their welfare.

General Superintendency General Offices Y. M. M. I. A. General Presidency

Y. M. M.

ALBERT I.POXA. E. BOWENI. A. SOSALTNORTHLAKEMAINCITY,STREETUTAH RUTHY. W. MAYM.

GEORGE Q. MORRIS LUCY GRANT CANNON

FRANKLIN L. WEST General Offices Y. W. M. I. A. CLARISSA A. BEESLEY

OSCAR A. KIRKHAM, 33 BISHOP'S BUILDING ELSIE HOGAN VAN NOY.

Executive Secretary Secretary SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

Send all Correspondence to Committees Direct to General Offices

"Deports received from the stakes in-

A dicate that the Summer Recreation

Program is being more generally participated in than at any time in the past. While stake reports are far from

complete, those received are of a decidedly encouraging nature. Sunset

services appear to be most popular of the new summer plans recommended for this year with Sunrise Services and

Historical Pilgrimages next in the order named. Some of the highlights of the

reports received are as follows:

Ogden Stake and the various wards have conducted both Sunrise and Sunset Services; and an Outing at Washakie Indian Reservation for the Scouts;

a ward Outing at Crystal Springs; a

threeward Outing in the mountains; a

Sunset Service on a mountain top; a

stake officers'Outing honoring Hyrum

H. Goddard, the first Y. M. M. I. A.

secretary; and Pioneer Day celebrations. In all, this one stake reports

some 20 activities in one month.

Deseret Stake—An Outing took the

form of an historical pilgrimage to interesting points in Millard County covering 60 miles with 80 people participating; Fathers and Sons'and Mothers

and Daughters'Outings attracted 400 people; a Church activity campaign

with special awards to the M. I. A.

fostering the highest attendance at

Priesthood Meeting, Sacrament Meetings and Sunday School attracted stakewide attention. Pioneer day in

Deseret as in many other stakes was the occasion of outstanding celebrations.

Oquirvh Stake—An annual stake

outing with Mothers and Daughters'and Fathers and Sons'Outings; celebration of the 13th birthday of the

stake; a stake flower festival in connection with the Quarterly Conference,

1. M. I. A. LEADERS IN OSLO, and other events were conducted.

NORWAY. Other stakes report renewed ac-

2. M. I. A. BANQUET, OSLO, tivity in summer work. Most of the

NORWAY. events being held are in the list recom-

3. REGISTRATION FOR KIDmended by the General Boards in the

DERMINSTER M. I. A. CON1936 Summer Program. The reports IN ENGLAND. FERENCE

indicate outstanding success and some 4. THOMAS all interest in practically widespread LEEDS—HIGHI. WATKINSJUMP FOR OFM

MEN SPORTS MEET—ENGevents.

LAND.

5. TOWN HALL IN VICAR ORGANIZATION STREET, WHIT HOLIDAY.

PARTICIPATING 6. LEADERS

IN ENGLISH FERENCE. M. I. A. CONHPhis** in theis aM.yearI. A.for goodAs a organizationresult of the

special efforts made last spring most stake and ward groups are complete and have functioned during the summer. However, there may still be a few

a

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1936

vacancies in some of our wards. Where

these occur, officers are urged to fill them at once so that there may be a full corps of workers before the beginning of the winter season. No definite

number of officers has been named in our requirements but there should be the four groups: executives and secretaries; directors of Era and publicity;

directors—constitutingin dancing,the communitydrama, andactivitymusic

committee; and the group of leaders for

the various departments.

Up to the end of August Conventions, ConferenceConventions have been held in some thirtythree stakes.

A fine spirit has characterized these gatherings. Officers have been eager to

receive information and to cooperate in preparations for a bigger and better

M.low—September,I. A. year. In October,the monthsNovember,that foland December—the rest of the stakes

will be visited by members of the General Board, in these ConferenceCon- ventions. It is urged that there be a

complete attendance of all stake and ward workers. A greater attendance

of secretaries is particularly desired.

Autumn Social As the climax of the summer program and the rallying point for the gathering in of all the people to take up the intensive activities of the winter months, the Autumn Social becomes one of the outstanding features in the M. 1. A.

year.

As a preliminary to this event a canvas should be made of all possible members and names should be listed.

On the evening of the Social they should be given a hearty welcome, and as far as possible made acquainted with all officers and members. The

occasion should be a very happy one and take on the spirit of sociability.

Much attention should be given to its preparation to assure a free, spontaneous mingling of all members, new and old.

Suggestions:

A preview of the year's work—

simple processional in which the manual studies, the cultural activities, and the reading course books are featured, would be effective.

Floor Show Flashes—These could

be brief and snappy presentations by the various age groups. The following

are suggested: Scouts—flag drill; BeeHive-—demonstrationExplorers—dramatizationof fillingof a a code;cell;Juniors—the singing of a class song; MMenGleaners—exhibition of original

waltz and foxtrot routines; Seniors

a humorous story; Adults—ten minute

debate on the subject "Life Begins at

Forty."Light refreshments might be served.

features, Dancing with special such 2. M. 1 and BERLIN. I. A. CONVENTION, GERMANY.

socializing.as is always dance mixers, 3. ON FERRY, THE COPENHAGEN SWEDISH MISSION M. I. A. CONFERENCE.

Assembly Programs 4.5. MISSIONARIESM. I. A. CONFERENCE,AT SWEDISHSWEDISHM I. MISSION.A. CONFERENCE.

The special feature for the program 6. SUMMER PROGRAM ACTIVITIES, SWEDISH M. I. A. CONFERENCE.

for 193637 is the M. I. A. Assembly 7. M MENGLEANER BANQUET. BERLIN, GERMANY.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1936

For this period programs are carefully to arise and express their gratitude and thanksgiving inoutlined the Guide. They M. I. A...."—Brighamto GodYoung.for such an occasion.''Aaronic Priesthood ofare easy to adaptation of the needs

all groups, in large whether wards or From Sweden (Concluded from page 566)small branches. of the requisites, One

to organize yourselves want you "We ing to their successfulhowever, presentafor of search the world in a plan for associations mutual improvementtion is early preparation. the betterment first one into of a very youth he had The "In to the compliance will of that prophof these programs is a preview of all et, the youth and those somewhat more interesting experience. He had visited

those to follow and, it is assumed, will mature in age and experience, yet young the headquarters of several of the largbe presented on September 22nd, the in spirit, gathered together in the third est youth movements in America. In

week following the Autumn Social. annual June Conference of the M. I. A. Berlin, he heard of Hitler's youth moveLong before that evening arrives the in Sweden. ment; in Italy, he learned what MussoCommunity Activity Committee should "The opening day of the Conference. lini's leaders were doing for their youth,

have planned every detail and made June 23rd, found more than the expected but in London while talking to an inall assignments. If this first program number of participants present, necessitatternational representative of the Y. M.

ing the renting hall of a with a greateris it if will for to C. told that the presented well he A. wanted he was make

seating capacity than provided in the all get the for bestsuccess that follow. of program those and young men branch chapel.

all young should means he by women urge Activity Community ComWe of the outstanding "One events the of visit his Salt return to upon America, entiremittee the to early read members Conference tour a of was the Copenhagen, in the get City with touch Lake and of programs.group capital of Denmark. Bright early and Tune

its for people. program young Mormon 24th, delegates, a of group in nearing 150

JUNE CONFERENCES number, boarded the ferry for "KopenWhile action is necessary in other social institutions, home, hamn,"in less and than two hours'—IN THE MISSIONS

is of some "foreign"vital in the the more Church. hungry visitors The time groups—itplaces

were munching Danish is all "Smorresbro"fighting of life's negative letters on Church andCtill they come—reports the sidewalks of the metropolis Danish* It influences. vigorous, strong, takes telling the Missions European from

their while on to foot the beautiful on way battle. positive action carry to the on the in held gloriousof the Conventions L. S. D. chapel hall. recreation and Soon is In passive case value of such a a what conIn the Augustearly summer. Era after the strollers were benched the around belief? acto an spacesiderable devoted was tables, finishing their tasty lunch, to much

count of these gatherings but the mails the enjoyment of the participants who had Good works are a requisite to salvacontinue to bring us glowing, messages as yet had no breakfast. tion. Some people think that the necesof these events. "In attendance at the Conference, were sity of works in connection with salvaIn England the conference convened representatives from California, Wyoming, tion detracts from the supremacy of

at Kidderminster, its being the second England, and Denmark who were visiting God, and reflects the weakness of man.

in the country, besides of 42 our mis53 of helping being capable But a human of conference youth nationwideannual sionaries, Saints and the from whole is a to purposes His consummate of God the In Mission. British Germanythe Sweden. the guests Sister Among was credit than far greater to the Creator of and the calledevent "Echo was Joy"Julia Brixen, M. a former General Board help. continuous one needs Some first who meeting Berlin, in the placetook I. of the is A., Member M. at present who

gift, is requirfree that salvation say a prominent, the in most of doing onebeing held genealogical in work Sweden. She

luxurious assembly halls in that great gave added zest and spirit to the Convening no action! But in schooling, we

city. In Sweden the event was held in tion'in her addresses."need to work to get an education in a

city of beautiful southernthe Malmo. From England comesfree school.to thoseSowhothe makegift ofthemselvessalvation Frankfurt. in they metIn Switzerland

"Pocketed in snugly the midst of the of the to worthy the laws obedience by the for city chosen the wasRotterdam Cotswold Hills of Worcestershire, EngGiver. actions our can Only we by in Holland.convention lies land, little the of town Kidderminster, fidelity, loyalty or devotion, prove our

it the possible to print were wish of scene the Second Annual Nationwide We to the principles profess. we conferences. Youth Conferenceentire these of reports The of the British Mission

following are excerpts: M. I. A. Ever since the last convention, Edgar A. Guest has said:

held during the Whitsun Holiday, 1935, the Saints in Britain Great had savbeen Germany—From to hear one I'd than sermon see rather a

their ing gigantic 'coppers'and anxiously day, any inspiof short but the a conclusion "At glancing toward the calendar. Happily than I'd me, with walk rather would one approximateprogram, preliminaryrational they thought the of day they when would the way. merely show fifty andly hundred and Men two piling be M out of the train carriages onto willing pupil better more eye's and a the The hall the retired Girls to banquetGleaner platform of Kidderminster's tiny railway ear, the than picturin participated jointly a thereand station. passed, Time savings accounts alis confusing, but counsel example Fine eagerly carefully acplanned andesque, grew and 30, 1936, May rolled soon clear. ways * * * Responses. * andcepted Green Banquet Gold around.

all the the the of preachers, are best And sincere, received fromelevating were and "Gold covered programs, live their seal creeds, the with who men district of the leaders theseveral Young of

I. of A. in is M. embossed green, in to everyaction see given put good were what For Organizations. and YoungMen's Women's * * * to the of each attendants. needs. body of the evening theme primary was TheThe

significance of the Mutual colors, green "Sunday three sessions were held in the and gold, in the lives and aspirations of the auditorium of the Town Hall. An average The lecture you deliver may be very wise

M. I. A. workers and their association of 700 Saints and friends attended each and true,

with the M. I. A. Theme for 193637. of them, the seating capacity of the buildBut I'd rather get my lessons by observing

ing being taxed to its limits. do, what you morning, a large "Sunday May 31st,

misunderstand you, and the high may "Whit was Monday set apart as recreaFor I in of Saints themselves assembledgroup give, advice you tion day. In the classes morning in recreof meeting. testimony athe capacity The

* there's But misunderstanding, * * no how you leadership held. were spirit fine thatunusually prevailed was ational

act and you live. how the deep "With of the setting red glow theevidenced convincing numerous by and

able speaker his an with charms pouring sun as they them upon stoodtestimonies of divinity of the on Though the Gospel eloquence, I say the steps the of the Corn Exchange, ofwhich borne the memwere members by

I'd rather see a than sermon to hear one bers of the Mission bid I. A. Boards M. the majorityChurch—were comwhom

day. any all to Godspeed attended the in allparatively who secCon- young from vears—of

* * * ference.tions of this only in regret Germany. Our

regard was the fact that the limited time "So Kidderminster passed into a dream. May the Lord help us all to prove

of the meeting made it impossible for many Now, pennies to be saved, days to be our allegiance to the Church by livingin whom there rests a burning testimony, counted until.——the Gospel.

Missionary "attention GETTERS // BASKETBALL IN GERMANY

By MELVYN M. COWAN

Of the GermanAustrian Mission

"THE MORMON ON BOYS THE DEFENSIVE!"

left: Extreme Charles J. Perschon, Salt Lake; the old truths are still the same, but missionaries

immediate foreground (in black trunks): La Von find that new ways must be adopted to bring Earl, Fork. American

Guarding the (left) "shooting"man: Donald L. to attention them of the busy, indifferent people.

Snedeker, Thornton, (right) Idaho; J. Thomas story Here is the of one Curtis, Salt Lake. method new prothat was

Referee: Melvyn M. Cowan, Salt Lake. jected SUCCESSFULLY SEVERAL MONTHS AGO IN GERMANY.

recognition for the asinstructionTheizedmethodsby the missionariesof approachofutilthe sistancenence andand they have

Church of Jesus Christ of Latextended various German organizater-day Saints in carrying the retions in acquiring a playing knowlstored Gospel to the peoples of the edge of the rules and fundamentals world are as diverse and varied as of the court game.

the multipilicity of fields in which Some time ago, a group of Morthey labor. Each respective nation, mon missionaries who had been

section, subsection, city, and rural playing basketball once a week in district presents peculiar and parBerlin as a means of worthwhile diticular problems and obstacles, that version, was approached by repreare to be surmounted by the entersentatives of the German Olympic prising activities of the Mormon Association and invited to assist in missionaries. the organization and instruction of

Africa, In Great Britain and South likely candidates for the German baseball—championship baseball MELVYN M. COWAN Olympic Basketball team. opThe

has made untold hundreds of our portunity was accepted with pleasfriends living in these two sisters of day is more "sportsminded"than ure, with the result that the Amerthe great Commonwealth "Mormon"Germany because of the Olympic ican boys were the recipients of genconscious. The radio, one of the games of 1936. Interest in athletics erous nationwide newspaper pubworld's greatest advertising media has achieved undreamed of proporlicity. Later two of the Berlin mistoday, has proved of inestimable tions. The great appeal of two of sionaries, Charles E. Skidmore

worth in the destruction of prejuAmerica's leading sports, basketball (Logan, Utah) and H. Bowmandices and hatreds, born of falseand baseball, had—up until recently Hawks (Ogden, Utah) spent conhoods and ignorance, in our own—completely failed to extend, to anv siderable time at the official Olympic

United States. great degree, into the hearts of the training camp serving as coaches

And now in Germany's great and Continental sportsmen. Today, and trainers for the prospective

active "dritten Reich,""Mormonthanks to the influence of the Olymteam.

ism"is being proclaimed in the wake pics, it is coming into its own! GerThe movement inaugurated in

of the basketball activities of the many is playing basketball! Berlin soon spread into other secwidely renowned and respected The story associated with the intions of Germany, being received

quintet, of because with the particularMormonen enthusiasm the by troduction of the sport "Casaba"assistance that in missionaries varidivision Gera of the German Nathe links among very Germans up sectionsous tional are lending of Germany Confederation of Athletics.

definitely is with the work whichin introduction the instruction of and There Elders Blythe Gardner M.

this tremendously popular American being performed by the Latterday ( Richfield, Utah ) and Morrel Ashgame. In other words, Olympic enSaint missionaries of the Germanby, {American Fork, Utah) were

thusiasm is proselyting MormonAustrian Mission. Many of the called upon by several athletic asismus. particularly adept Mormon boys sociations to provide, at the expense

Perhaps no nation in the world tohave attained considerable promiof these organizations, necessary

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1936

equipment and to undertake the of its diligent training preparations;

schooling of interested members in announcements of the game were the science and technicalities of bascarried, via radio, into all of the surketball. rounding towns, the most prominent

The two young Mormon coaches of which is Leipzig—one of Gerpresented their proteges for the first many's largest and most popular

time in an exhibition game as part cities; and thousands of handbills

of a week's sport program devoted were printed and mailed to all of the to the development of the Olympic partymembers living in the section.

Games. The spectators, as well as Gera and the surrounding territory

the participants in the game, were awaited with eagerness the arrival delighted with the skill, speed, and of the American athletes, and elabaccuracy which the new sport deorate preparations were made to afmanded. The ultimate result was ford them a most hearty welcome.

that preliminary arrangements for The Mormon team consisted of REAR VIEW OF THE "MORMON"QUINTET a game between the "Mormon five"the following missionaries; Elders SHOWING"MORMONEN"THE DISPLAYEDPROMINENTLYON BLOCKEDWORDTHE BACK OF

from Berlin and an "allstar"Gera David E. Morrell (Ogden, Utah), THEIR ATTRACTIVE SWEATSUITS.

team were immediately concluded, captain and guard; H. Bowman

with Elder David E. Wright (OgHawks (Ogden, Utah), center; sweatshirts, bearing the large

den, Utah) and officials of the NaCharles Perschon (Salt Lake) cenblock-letter word Mormonen promtional Federation of Athletics and ter; Alma LaVon Earl (American inently displayed in white across the

of the (National Socialists EnterFork, Utah), guard; Donald L. back, trotted onto the finely equiptainment Association ), "Kraft durch ped floor amidst the enthusiastic apFreude,"* acting as representatives plause of several hundred spectaof the respective groups. tors. The ease and grace with

A Saturday in November of 1935 whichin the theywarmup,handledinvitedthe "olda constantapple"was fixed as the day for the murmur of favorable comment. It

eagerly anticipated contest. No might be well to add that it is very

methods were spared in an effort to doubtful if one ever experienced a publicize the coming event: innuthrill at the appearance of his Alma

merable articles appeared in the Mater quintet comparable to that sport columns of all of Gera's leadwhich a small group of missionary ing newspapers regarding the perand Church member spectators deex- team, thesonnel of Mormon rived such from an unforgettable ELDERS DAVID progress the of game, andplanations particular LEFT), this night in farTREME E.ANDWRIGHT,BLYTHEOGDEN,M. UTAHGARDNER,(EXevent on

RICHFIELD, (RIGHT CENTER) UTAHof the "allstar"quint in the course SHOWN off Germany. OFFICIALS WITH GERA'S TWO OF GOVERNMENT

*The literal translation of "Kraft Durch WITHDUCINGWHOMBASKETBALLTHEY COOPERATEDINTO THAT CITY.IN INTROAfter an enthusiastic welcome at

Freude"is: "Strength Through Joy."the hands of Herr Seifert, head of

the Gera division of the German NaSnedeker (Thornton, Idaho), fortional Confederation of Athletics, ward; Jerome }. Christiansen (Salt the respective teams marched to the

Lake), forward; and Thomas J. center of the floor and, as is cusCurtis ( Salt Lake ), forward. They tomary today in Germany, saluted

arrived in Gera Friday afternoon each other with outstretched hands and were the recipients of some and a vigorous "Seig Heil!"Referee

typically German hospitality! The for the evening, Melvyn M. Cowan

team was heartily greeted by a per- ( Salt Lake ), was then introduced sonal representative of the mayor to the audience; teams were called

of the city of Gera, who extended into position; the referee's whistle

the "key of the city"to the Mormon shrieked, two vying centers leaped boys amidst the favorable applause into the air, and the game was unof the curiously interested throngs. der way!

Captain Morrell was then called upThe final results are history!

on to say a few words of acknowlAfter fifty minutes of breakneck edgment in behalf of the members speed, intensive contest, and unsurof the squad. At the conclusion of passable sportsmanship, which kept

the welcoming ceremonies, the playthe spectators in a perpetual frenzy *> ll>lt(<i n, ers were escorted to their splendid of excitement, the game ended in hotel in a large bus. Later in the the favor of the Mormon five by the afternoon, the Mormon boys—toscore of 2721. The prowess of the

gether with several of the other misGerman team in an entirely new sionaries from the surrounding sport, however, attested to the unREPLICA OF THE DOCUMENTS WHICH WERE fields, who were in to lend moral and questionable competency of its two

TO THE MISSIONARY PRESENTED PLAYERS, vocal support to their brethren athmissionary coaches, David E. REFEREE, BY A REPRESENTATIVE COACHES, AND

to OF EStreated a splendid AS OF GERA, A TOKEN OF THE MAYOR Donald and Utah) (Ogden, Wright letes—were PARTICULAR APPRECIATION. THIS TEEM AND sightseeing trip of and the Gera of the Lake), (Salt and OF SIGNATURES BEARING E. Driggs THE DOCUMENT,

GOVERNMENTAL OF GERA'S LEADING MANY AND vicinity. original organizer of the squad, OFFICIALS, TO ELDER PARTY WAS PRESENTED

AS AN ACKNOWLEDGMENT M. GARDNER BLYTHE Gardner, boys, Elder At 8:15 p. m. the Mormon

FAITHFULNESS HIS DILIGENCE OF AND attired the excitement attending in navyblue After OF THE INTRODUCTION SPORT IN THATIN CITY.THE handsomely

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1936

of the the conclusion subplay had CHURCH MUSIC INSTITUTES ANNOUNCED playsided the somewhat, American ers, the referee, and the Gera missionary coaches were called once again to the center of the floor, were congratulated by the official representative of the mayor, and were presented with attractive documents, bearing the signature of the mayor, as tokens of appreciation and gratitude from the city of Gera.

Asa fitting and worthwhile conclusion to the night's entertainment, Elder Wright conducted an interesting illustrated lecture dealing with Utah's renowned National parks, after which some fifteen hundred tracts, concerning various phases of the Gospel, were distributed among interested spectators as they left the sporthall. The evening was a success, and inestimable

missionary work had been accomplished! "Mormonism"had become

a word of esteem and respect in

Gera!

Largely as a result of the conspicuous activities of the missionary HOW TO PLAY SUITABLE SACRAMENT MUSIC WAS THE SUBJECT OF THIS PARTICULAR PIPE basketball team in Berlin, an amORGAN CLASS, CONDUCTED LAST SEASON BY TRACY Y. CANNON AS ONE PHASE OF THE CHURCH

ateur league consisting of several MUSIC INSTITUTES WHICH ARE NOW BEING EXPANDED TO CHURCHWIDE SCOPE.

teams has recently been organized in /\ver twelve hundred organists and periods for a term of twelve weeks. that city. The Mormonen were rechoristers from the wards and The staff of more than a dozen special

garded as the most potential constakes are expected to be enrolled by instructors met in June for a three day tenders for the title, and each victory November 1st in a new series of teacher's institute.

means another notable step towards Church Music Institutes, according to As rapidly as it can be organized the all of into sections an will be taken Elder announcement work Melvin bypopularizing and overour message for call Tentative the plans Ballard, Church. the Chairman of MusicJ. Church and opposition.coming indifference fall this cenof establishment teaching Committee.

At the same time, the German nation A special appropriation by the First ters in Provo, Salt Lake City, Ogden, is benefited in a particular way in Presidency makes possible the giving Garland and Logan, Utah; while in

that the "Mormon boys,"both diof special training to Church musicians, Idaho it is hoped to inaugurate classes rectly and indirectly, assisted her with the cost of instruction to be shared in Rexburg, Idaho Falls, Burley, Pocato prepare for the 1936 Olympics. jointly by the local wards, stakes, and tello and Preston. Instructions for

registration are being sent to Separate as a whole. the Church now But even new by more significant—a in presidencies for organists courses stake direcbishoprics and and choir provided whereby has beenmeans

the Gospel of Jesus Christ can be tors are planned, similar to the first these areas.

the illustrated bulletin describing at last spring the concluded Anpreached by just institutes issued Salt has been by and Art, School of Music new McCune of athe youth the wordsnation—aand actions,youth lessto institute Committee and Lake City. Church Music

available, perhaps, under ordinary Classes will meet one evening each copies may be obtained by addressing circumstances, than at any other week for a term of twentyfive weeks, Tracy Y. Cannon, Director, McCune

period since the establishment of the except in some rural areas where the School of Music and Art, 200 Nor'h

Church in Germany. work will be condensed to twohour Main St., Salt Lake City, Utah.

the just as to them, roof of Restored Gospel given the house a newLandmarks in the and first valiant missionary, necessary thatch. than this Anne Other W.

Netherlands Mission restoration, the small redbrick van der Woude did to his brother {Concluded from page 547) house still stands almost exactly as and sisterin-law threequarters of it did when the rays of Gospel truth a century ago.

and parents had never accepted the first penetrated to the hearts of its It is planned to erect a stone

Gospel. tenants seventyfive years ago. marker at the site where the first

To my great happiness, and to An invitation has been received baptisms in this land were perthe surprise of Mr. de Jong, the old from the present residents of the old formed, and to place a bronze

house was still standing. One of house to come and hold a meeting plaque on the gable of the little

the redbrick walls—the one on the within its historic walls again. What Frisian farmhouse, that these sitesnorth side—had collapsed, and the is more important than this invitamight be remembered and become

workmen whom Mr. de Jong tion, is the fact that we have been places of pilgrimage for those who

had thought had demolished the requested by the present tenants to wish to keep alive the story of this house had merely rebuilt the wall come and explain the truths of the important event.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1936

THE JOURNAL OF ARCHER WALTERS ( Concluded from page 545

Sheem from Herefordshire Confersoon and our clothing all looked to o'clock. Harriet was sick and yery

ence was confined Yi past 4 o'clock if clean.... A ship. The pilot poorly time of meeting.

this son. to to Liverpool. a morning go back wife wanted of My It 29TH

allvery him. take not could no great we poorly and 798 feel miles from Harriet much better. Quite a

shakes, the diet being so different Boston. 12 o'clock. calm morning and a deal warmer.

cooking badly havso managed,and Bosabout 50 miles say from They 22NDing ship the only allowance,—no happy. ton, cheerful look and All day. and making Sewing Wetpreserves, butter, cheese, as a ham, all will be sick but hope Some few tents. sewing. Sarah and wife My have, but thankmany we shall God land. to we able go when forward all sailors cleanrocked. Ship The blessing get through.by His

ing the ship. Expect to be in on 30TH18TH Saturday. A very fine morning and the CapSailing slowly. Rations served

about troubled rather tain crew andout. allowance 23RD of sugar. A better never they in a place being buoy wellAll very this morning for Wet morning. Ship sailing about a

which I am thankful. From 1200 6 knots. Sarah not very willing to saw before and he hoists a flag for

to 1300 miles from Boston. The ship rise. Singing, shouting and laugh- a pilot. Spoke to a fisherman and

miles from Boston. A pilot soonhasing—upsetrocked sincewater1 o'clockbottles—andthis mornis ing until nearly 12 o'clock. found plenty of water and only 15 anchored soonstill o'clock. rocking to 12 up

in the eve- A 24THLast night went on watch y2 cameon quarantine,on board. 9 Weo'clockbeautiful day; blowing fine wind

east. Have seen no ships for some past 7 until 11 o'clock. Very cold ning, 3 or 4 miles from Boston. A

days. Have as much bone as beef night and the coldest day that has general meeting below deck and

today. Hope to be in Boston next been since on board the ship. thanksgiving to our Heavenly Faot>er care protecting ther His for at this time. Meetingweek below 25TH at sea perish on the while us many councildeck and some and instruccold morning. died Very A child time. the sametion the sailing Elders. by Ship... at the 4 o'clock son of Sister

very fast. from Conference. 12 MAY 1ST

19TH o'clock the ship still. Quite a calm. Landed at Boston Constitution

Sleep well all night. The ship The little boy committed to the deep. Wharf. Ladies came to visit us and

still sailing very fast. Wind changed Bro. Ferguson spoke before the sent oranges for the children, New

about 10 o'clock and not sailing so plank was drawn. Quite a solemn Testament to all heads of families

fast. Some hard feeling with Sister time to the children and parents as and many little cards and books to

Parker and my wife about the chilwell; indeed all sailors looked the children.

dren. Better suffer wrong is my straight down their noses. 2ND

council to my wife. We are all well Band played, songs, etc. Left

and I feel truly thankful to my 26TH Boston for New York and arrived at north blowing and we have Wind see to Father.Heavenly Went York May 2nd. last New 1 1 o'clock been going fast since very was and he Mayland George 20THSUNDAY night.

Beautiful morning. Ship going kind to us.

slowly. Sister Leasly was talking 27TH ( To be Continued)

and I asked her if she was not reShip still sailing well. Provisions

out. to tosee land Expect tostored health the by power of served The Advertisers, each pork morrow. of she said she of a and for she wasGod % You Will Find and Where rice cold peas. very nor no day very sick fell onwent deck and Alb.

back on her head and was brought indeed. Their Messages

Beneficial Life Ins. Co Back Coverto better her after soon bed but was 28TH University 580 Young laid theirthe Elders on hands had Inc 577 Wallace, Quite a calm morning. Very cold. BrigharaBrown,

her. About 950 miles from Boston Wind got up and continued to blow Chicago School of Nursing 581

12 o'clock. The saints are more until night. General meeting below Continental Oil Co 579

581 Deseret Book Counited better and a in middle hatchway. good Some Service 582 Deseret Mortuary us. quitethe whole of spiritMy iswifeamongst instructions, brother wanted 583 to Deseret A Gymwell. to "cuckoo"sing and Had 582 my sell Press Deseret at to stop his passage BosNews and

song at the request of the Captain ton. Good council how to act when Eastman Kodak 583

576 Furst Thomas—&last night. held on deck. Meeting at no blessing landed Boston and we 578 Grant, Heber & CoBro. spoke Galaway on obedience to council. that that disregarded any 577 College BusinessJ. Henager

to the Gospel. Bro. Leonard gave A vote of thanks to the Captain for K. S. L. Radio Station

us a brief history of his mission and his kindness towards us for he had Inside Back Clover 579Pres. cleanMose Ferguson spoke upon all to us Lewis, been very kind and made Service 581 Photo Lionliness a committee appointed and also as could; as comfortable he and Institute Perfect 579 Voicecalled the "louse Singcommittee."Pres. vote to Bro. our a Phillips 580 Card Co of thanks

ing until 11 o'clock by Mrs. McFerguson, Councilors and Pres. of Quish School of Beauty Culture 577

Institute C. 577Allison & A. Co. Ship sailing fast, active R. wards, took any and all who Shepherd's 583 Town Card Co

part. to Boston. our Signed bonds21ST Shell Oil 578 Co

Cloudy morn. All out of bed Went on watch l/2 past 7 until 11

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 193 6-

SAILING SHELTERED SEAS

(Concluded from page 542)

ing for the pageant. Yellow bed ence viewed with keen appreciation sharpen my memory to record more

spreads were the curtains, but they these pictures of the past. clearly the joy and beauty of the

had been roped to open and close The next morning after the cruise. 1 stood at the rear rail to

perfectly. The sagebrush which had pageant, one of the ladies who had take one last beauty bath in the blue.

been brought from Utah, covered the witnessed it said to some of us: "I Never had I seen such marvelous

footlights and its familiar odor have a confession to make. All durshades as were mirrored from

transported us back home. Then in ing this trip I have resented the the sky in the glistening, moving

story, in song, and in picture we saw deference paid Mr. Grant; but after path our boat had made, with its

the coming of the Pioneers, the Birth hearing of his struggles in youth, background of range upon range of of Irrigation, the Respect for the of how he came up from poverty, transparent mountains. Goodbye

United States and Her Flag, the and after realizing the faith that has Alaska, till we meet again.

Conquest of the Crickets by the made possible the accomplishments Ever again in my dreaming

Gulls, Scenes in Pioneer Homes, of your people, I must tell you of my I'm sailing the sheltered seas hearing the tale of Alaska And attitude. a Lonely on I could GraveMarking not keep the changed

whispering breeze.—Gilman. Told by theTrail, her Ivins Grant Rachel tears as I pagand back the saw that

small son, and President Grant and eant."I thought with pleasure of the evehis wife with his daughters around nings we girls had crowded into

them. TThe last day of the trip was father's cabin, and how he, with

As our program stated, it was warm. We shed our coats and really too much daughterly assisttruly "the story of truthloving peojoined in the tournaments of deck ance, had dictated his journal. Had

ple who sought religious freedom in sports. We all became autograph any family ever had such a wonderdesert wastes and built a commoncollectors. Only nine days, but so ful trip! Had any girls such a

wealth,"and a deeply moved audimany fine, new friends! I tried to father!

THE RELIGION OF THE PIUTES

[Continued from page 537)

V. TOBATS AND ShINOB The They live together at Tobatskhan, the nearby streams and raised corn,

Supreme Beings a great cave the location of which squash, and beans. There came a

is unknown. Tobats is the great long period of drouth such as geolTt may be surprising to learn that Creator. He is the Master Builder, ogists tell us have prevailed over the

the spirits and witches and gnomes and every creation of his hand is arid West, and each year the and deified animals I have spoken strong and enduring. He has little streams dwindled until finally they

about are not regarded with any interest in retouching and beautifydried up. As the drouth continued

special reverence by the natives. I ing his handiwork. All this he leaves from year to year, crops grew lighter

have elaborated upon them because, to Shinob. Shinob is artful and and lighter until finally there was

in the popular mind, they are the tender. He loves beauty. He puts total failure. The game, too, had

summa summarum of Indian religon. color in the flowers, warmth in the gone out of the country and the InThe fact is that little pertaining to sunshine, song in the throats of the dians faced certain death from starthem is held sacred. They are recbirds and love in the heart of man. vation. In their dire extremity they

ognized, in a way, as phantom forces Tobats and Shinob work harmonigathered together on the top of a that may hamper or help mankind ously together, each transcendent in high mountain and for three days over the journey of life, and therehis own field. These are the deities and nights sent eawki, their disfore, it is well to indulge them and in whom the Piute religion centers. tress cry, to Tobats and Shinob.

artsplacate various and with them answered. prayer Shinob was Their interposition divine of Stories by It issacrifices. to well also wheedle lesson to learn a told them and came

in of times danger these and two secrets. their mysterious ofout them deer, tuee, the weechich and from the are numerous. want Whenever really the Piute godsThe whom he, said country,"birds. the "The cry, distress the sent have people up looks to the heworships, gods alis whom there "is large and somewhere have come Shinob and Tobats reverential are awe, and Tobatswith cavern their leaving So, food."to ways

relief. their dance sun famous The spirits multiplicity of andShinob. A nomadic, Indians the became homes, the snake dance commemorate anddevils pursue hamper him, and may land high the following game from deliverances. such in at times almosthim, triumph and in gratitude gathering to low and

their efforts to encompass his downThe Piutes have a clear tradition the food which the gods distributed fall, but when the red man comes as to why their fathers left their over the land.

to the brink of destruction and there cave dwellings and became nomadic.

is nothing more he can do for himThe story is that once their fathers VI. Conclusion

self, he sends eawkA, his great disbuilt their homes in the caves but tress cry, to Tobats and Shinob, the occupied them only in winter or in '"The Piutes are, perhaps, Uncle gods who planted him on earth. times of invasion. They stored their Sam's most primitive tribe. He

These are his supreme beings. foods and supplies in their cave has concerned himself least about

Tobats and Shinob are brothers. houses. In summer they lived on - (Concluded on page 576)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1936

The Religion of the CUTHBERT STEPS OUT

Piutes (Continued /rom page 543) (Concluded from page 575) freshments bolted, he returned to the ulate, appeared, beaming. "She's

them. They adhere largely to their rites of the toilet, and three minutes running pretty as a bird, tonight!"

old tribal beliefs and religious cuslater his injured tones again brought he announced, jubilantly. "Now,

toms. There has been practically his mother up standing. Mum, for the breeches!"

no proselyting by the Christian "Good Friday, Mother, haven't His mother kissed him fondly, churches among them. Upon the you got a shoe spoon to your name? "You look so nice, dear. Now, reolder men and women, in this re- I've dumped everything in these member to be nice to Helen, and

gard, the white man's influence has drawers out onto the bed, and nary please, dear, be careful with that wrought but little change. There a shoe spoon!"car!

are still among these Indians aged "Gee, I wish I'd a-started up the persons who cannot frame a senold bus before I dolled up!"he comtence in English. It is this class plained, limping out into the dining /\t sight of the merry

that I have sought out in my efforts room when the shoe horn had been milling mob, at sound of the gay talk to bridge four score years of time duly produced and, with great and laughter, all to the accompaniand get behind the white man's inmental and physical agony on the ment of loud syncopated music, fluence upon the red man's character part of his mother and himself, his Cuthbert experienced a strange, and faith. What did you do? What abundant supply of feet had been sinking sensation in the region of his

did you think and believe? How packed into the new shoes purchased stomach. "I ought to have eaten my

did you live before the white man for this important occasion. supper,"he muttered, though he

full well that hunger was notcame? Those have been my con- "What!"exclaimed his father, knew

stant queries. I have penetrated displaying his first interest in the the cause of his discomfort. He

some distance behind that time proceedings, "You're not taking that knew this feeling. He always had

screen and with increased respect thing, are you? I doubt Mr. and it before going swimming for the

for the native intelligence of the Mrs. Wards'trusting Helen's life to first time in the spring.

American Indian. Most people rethat contraption."The only cure was to plunge,

stupid,gard the Piutes as a stolid, "Good Friday, Dad, a guy without time for thought, into the icyunimaginative race without legend, water. arm. Helen's grasped He to couldn't expected be 'way walkstory, vision, or with ambiand no

let's start. well as "Well, Might hall, to the out could he? Church filltion their to other than stomachs going!"get as well get in 'Specially shoes! Besides, these it—might lie sleep. is to notand This down off "I take wrap!"must Helen ain't in my she than danger any more I observation. Indians have Themy said, presently she I annoyed. But is she? am, anyways, maybe And possess of a wealth legendknown ready, mingled with emoand was shoes, she has too!"new story, heartsand souls and their and tions themselves they launched upon should began be "There a law—"are delicately as strung as the white

floor. the slippery Cuthbert, frownhis interhis father mother, butman's.

rupted, "What would they call it if ing prodigiously, planted his warm,

To many students the Indian rethey tried to pass a law against it? moist hand firmly in the middle of

ligion is, as concept, a concrete nonhis Helen's back. He remembered his satire or a—"but A dinosaurexistent. religious impulses, His instruction that his hand tried mother's lost, for vainly while he was

they say, are expressed in no orto think of some other prehistoric must not slither aimlessly up and ganized formula. He is beset by monster to which to liken his son's down. Far from it! Helen, gigfears of the evil that always surdarling, Cuthbert had disappeared. gling nervously, thought of a musspiritual him. conceptsrounds His

are in a couched mass of childish A moment later he was back, preoncetard plasterplaced onherhergrandmotherback duringhadan superstitions which have no tribal ceded by a shout of horror. "Good attack of influenza, but fortunately,

at these Friday, Mother! Look center.focus or Surrounded by

pants! been neither of them knew how very fool Touz! He'd That ofmyriads spirits, gods, and devils

all seeking to dominate him, he yet wading in the mud, too!"

acknowledges no ultrasupreme beThat was evident. Two large,

front the adorned muddy paw marks deunvarying he owesing to whom a flannels. of a deep Be the white With thisvotion. maze of spirThrough

her, sigh, pushed his mother awayitual the red confusion is supman TfMlmMan dessert untouched and rose. "Take his timid to thread unposed and

I'll try to clean them them off andcertain are way. Such conclusions Like No Time car,"start while she your you investigathe result of inadequate to Get in—said, Now

tion. True the Piute world is filled resignedly. Make up to $75 a week

with the spirits of good men and So, picturesquely garbed in white aIt'sdaynowhentrickyouto makeuse yourup tocar512as a McNes3

Wheels."Farmers buying on

shirt, tiespirits of ghosts, witches, bad, coat blue with as everything"Store they modish men. and canfrom

businessgetting McNessprizes,are Attractive also brief devils, story, deals to carto moneysaving nothing top both customers with butgnomes, gods and selling necessities daily snap.make a McNess

is depressionproof. This business incarnate, gangling his far long, shorts percalenate but and on beyond

and above this veritable cloud of legs, Cuthbert again vanished. ImWe Supply Capital—Start Now!

better; There's work anywhere—spiritualjostling influences snorting mediately, and a terrific and anipays nopermanent, need no experience to start and

capital help supplywell, started get quick. we you Youmistic forces followed ensued, stand and heaving by Tobats first a start making Write moneyto at once for McNess obligation. Dealer (92-A) Book—tells all—noday. presgods, the roar brother transcendsteady, deafeningShinob, and

ent in omnipotent glory. ently, Cuthbert, rather less immacIURST& THOMAS, 341 Adams St, Freeport, lit

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1936

Cuthbert Steps Out

large black Cuthbert's and for the Fall Term paw Enroll NOW of her pale pink midstlooked in the ruffles. New Classes Sept. 8 and each week thereafter

Cuthbert, indeed, had no time nor inclination to think of appearances, he was dancing! With an air of do Attend a school that is

or die he was relentlessly shoving producingWorldChamHelen around the floor in time to the music. pions and placing its

Two ideas filled his mind. He students in good posimust not fall down and he must not tions. Two more World

let his feet get stepped on. For the Championships won

new shoes hurt! Hurt? What a this summer in Chifeeble word! Blinking sardonically cago and a new world

in the light reflected from their polished surfaces, they were deliberstudent typing record ately killing him! Murderers, that's established of 107 net

what they were! Those gorgeous words per minute.

leatherspatent been so proud he had thisof! it only he Some of the Trophies Won by Our Students morning Was

had said proudly that his feet were calls Positions this far office year for so received help secured—336 large they as Dad's,as now? Why, best in school. record Efficient of employment history the the—the large! at least twice aswere Why, all in training subjects. commercial properly future for the Prepare

if these got shoes could onto both be completing by course. a obligation. Henager Catalogs mailed without thatone he didn't mean foot—no, in Mention writing. "Era"It Visitors to time. get any pays welcome this twiceif these exactly shoes were best. the Don't preparation. in unnecessary spend Educational timebig they wouldn't enough! be

Good Friday! Were they going

to play that tune all night? Didn't Henager Business College

they know enough's enough of any45 E. Broadway D. B. MOENCH, Mgr. Wasatch 2753thing? Couples were dancing by,

laughing and talking. Cuthbert

wondered dimly how they could do it. Tubby slid past with a strange

girl. At least, Cuthbert had a vague

sense that she was strange. Theirfaces were a mere blur of teeth and asen

glistening eyes to his tortured vision. Wantedarrangementto trainwithunder20 leadingdirect supervisionmanufacturers,of factoryMen engineers,with A-l characterappointed underreferTubby said something, but Cuthbert ences, who are now employed and able to finance themselves for several months

estimator, fill good pay position installation as engineer, and in allfailed to catch it. He didn't have willservicebe trainedand maintenanceto expert branches of domestic, commercialtime for talking anyway, he was industrial and

dancing. tonight, music's good "The REFRIGERATION isn't AIR CONDITIONING & it?"gasped. stopHelen Cuthbert

training Program consists of preliminaryped. Several couples jogged into present employment, finishing with intensiveat homepracticalwhich trainingwill not ininterfereour Laborwith

them. atories and Shops. National placement service to graduates. Write giving

"What say?"he demanded. age,Roomphone,3, SaltpresentLake employment,City, Utah. to R. AND A. C. INSTITUTE, 50 North Main,

Here was Tubby again, "Move on!"he hissed, "What you camped

for?"Doggedly, recommencCuthbert INDEPENDENT BE his relentless pushing. There,ed So Profitable I Vocation No Other

toe! her I stepped her Serves on NOW ENROLL

right, he thought, savagely, stopping to talk when a guy's trying bors, business people for beaulifui ChristFor a Complete Course at the to dance! Mercifully, the music masmers'Cardsnamrs andfrom Stationeryalbum of toowithsamples.custoAISO SKilAL Qulsh School of Beauty Culture

LINK expired. groan,with a final one HUMORPRICED As LOW the in West thingOF in The Best Largest cards. PERSONALgreeting OUS CARDS—newest

daily. needed. Early late to paid experience to a fire, commissions began Cuthbert No Bldg. 304-9 Ezra Thompson thof creation master Also starters most make mnnev seat. a Sevtowardmarch Helen assortment. folder Christmas 1936, CITY, the new UTAH LAKE SALT

50c. profit Value Quality—Style—for Sells $1. Your21 vicinity in their smiled eral people profits. Information big sales, 6 latest Further brine quick plus innovations For

Greetings, boxes; Religious Text Scripture Call Catalog directed and smiles the mockand were style Gift Wrapping, Etching, Humorothernew

or 7560 Wasatch Extra Every Luxe. Day De herself.ingly toward Cuthbert and

years. Established for 21 ous,Bonuses in This Fill personalTOD aprjroval SAMPLESFREEAY cards. boxes.WRITEsample and16 on box card with an whispered, FREE Helen "Look,"Coupon

agonized clutch at his arm, "Look WALLACE BROWN INC. JN5 1SW at the others!"

(Continued on page 578) THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1936

Cuthbert Steps Out (Continued from page 577) Cuthbert looked. The couples

were standing at ease, the gentlemen politely encoring. Cuthbert paused

in his mad flight and reluctantly followed suit. So it was that kind of

a dance. Well, that was better than STOP one where they cut in. He couldn't

have borne to dance a dame around GOthat insisted on talking. Helen

hadn't tried a second remark. And

now to think it was all to do over every*""'whatagain!he Hogscalled forthem!punishment was

When it was really over Cuthbert escaped to the balcony, where he could sit down and groan in peace. Should he chance taking

off his shoes? He knew of a kid

once that took off his shoes at a

Sunday School picnic because they hurt and couldn't get them on again, his feet spread out so, and he had to go home in his socks. But Cuthbert felt he must try it. Just for a

minute. "One little minute,"he

moaned, feeling in his pocket for the shoe horn. Not there! He remembered now. He had been afraid it

would show. He could never get

them on again without the horn.

What could he do? Maybe if he

his head Costly Driving stood on

Into this scene of torture pranced

Tubby, unbearably happy, and unless you have a "stopand-go"gasoline walking with the greatest of ease.

"Hey, Coppy! Oh, there you are!

Just as your car needs 3 shifts of gears, your gasoline Thought I saw you come out here!

3 needs kinds of power! power for quick starts One the matter, hiding the from What's

for hill fast... one climbing and pickup listen, Say, something? or law

... one for steady running! Cop,"he rushed on, not waiting for

Super -Shell combines these 3 different an answer, "There's a new girl in kinds of power in one fuel—the first truly there wants to meet you. You saw

balanced gasoline! me dancing with her, didn't you?

Well, did you?"

"I dono,"mumbled Cuthbert, forced to speak, "I didn't see nothin',

I was dancing."

"Well, she saw you, anyway. SupershellMBmM

Guess what she said?"

Cuthbert grunted.

"She said, 'Who's the cute boy with the ears?'Honest, can youINSURE beat it? And then do you know

Your registered stock and dairy herds against death from any cause. what she said? She said, 'I bet you

could lift him right off the floor by

INSURE bert'sthose ears!'appreciative'He pausedresponsefor Cuthto all

Your animals while in transit to market. this wit and not getting it continued

hopefully, "And do you know what

Let us quote you rates. I said?"Cuthbert refused to guess.

HEBER J. GRANT & COMPANY couldn't!"I said, 'NotHis feeton areyourtoo lifeheavy!"you

20 So. Main Street He laughed loudly at this brilliant

Salt Lake City, Utah repartee and goaded beyond endurance, Cuthbert growled, "Some folks

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1936

"Yes, it was a good dance,"primly. CUTHBERT STEPS OUT agreed Helen,

ruther have big feet than a."big Helen around and holding to even "Yes, a pretty good old jamstomach, anyway, some folks—so slight an object as her arm helped boree,"corroborated Cuthbert, with

"Well, let's don't get personal,"his feet a little. But the fate which {Concluded on page 580)

Tubby interposed, hastily, "I fighad hounded poor Cuthbert all eveured on you kinda helping me get ning accompanied them, and grinthis girl started here. She's going ning impishly presently ushered

to stay with the Warners. She'll Tubby and the new girl friend to

bename's—around with our crowd a lot. Her the"Well,little tableif it ain'twherethe theyboy himself!"sat.

''Lo "I don't give a hoot what her shouted Tubby, beaming.

name is!"shouted Cuthbert, desHelen! You know Aline. Coppy,

perately. "Look here, didn't you I want you to meet Miss Webster!"

say I had to dance three times with Miss Webster was a buxom, girl into smiling edged and as she Helen?"

out vP TftjF Forfor yourvour the seat held and by Cuthbert "Well, that's my system. Your

partner gets the first dance and then her hand she planted a spike heel motor trip!

listing trip scenic plan, oi? Personal toes. 4&?k/ the the of about along middle evesolidly on his

free! sent hotels, camps, wanders, in voice the yelled of Cuthbert, course, then ning and "Ouch!"home to you want telling and when where write, Just

travel complete postpaid, mail you, go. We all fixed that nifty attention course, if she's waltz. and on him, a Of in America North trip anywhere for willmotor plan

Elaborate maps no obligation! of charge, ice large of spoonful can cream with her as the dance number you he—free tr entire with or 'P. tHT '10% routes and best your let his she'll to often as mouth, conveying been you!"had

conditions latest road glacially Helen's take neck then and marked "Well, away your new slid down rates girl. I'm all to as she up."leaned to speak dated around hiscamp... guidelists,. to..scenic,withhotel

spiraltoric sights—all the newcomers. three dances mean, do you "What especially book, up made Touraide into bound

Also Conoco maps. unfolding Eliminates for you. limit?"your card, expense identification with Passport

request. information on rec-A sport Fishing, ords. savin'strength,""I'm mutmy JLhe snorting and roarto Oil Write Co. now Continental of service

tered Cuthbert. ing of his car was welcome music

BUREAU j TRAVEL CONOCO noticed "I never so Helen was ears to Cuthbert's and a happy DENVER, COLORADO DEPT. SO with,"said to dance efforts hard Tubby, best of the from the change displeased, "I kinda like—orchestra. Never again was he to

"Oh, Helen's all right!"Cuthbert hear some of the most popular dance

assured him, hastily, "It's me. I tunes of the day, without a remi-

I ain't feeling so good this evening."niscent shudder of pain creeping

Not for the world would he have down his spine to his very toes—

mentioned his feet to Tubby. He especially to his toes. But now the

would never have heard the last of ordeal was behind him he was alit. "I couldn't eat any supper,"he most happy as they chugged along HEADQUARTERS added, pathetically. toward Helen's home. He felt "Oh, that so?"This was touchkindly toward Helen and a little reFor Latterday Saints

ing Tubby in a sympathetic spot. morseful, for something told him it Garments

He could imagine lots of catastrowould be a long, long time before FROM FACTORY TO YOU phies, but not a guy deliberately gohe took her to another dance. Wa Solicit Your Mail Orders

ing without supper unless he was Tubby's various nuggets of adNo. 88. Lt.New Wt.Style Men's and Ladies'$.65

very sick, indeed. "Well, no wonvice began coming back to his mind, No. 89. Med. Wt. Men's and Ladies'

der you don't act natural. I'll tell now the strain was practically over. No. 80. HeavyNew StyleWt. Men's Double Back.. 1.101.35

Aline. She'll understand."SubYou must be sure to make another No. 81. HeavyBack Wt. Old Style Double 1.50

dued in the presence of such obvious date before you left. So, when Helen No. 87. Lt. Wt. Old and New Styles 85

suffering, he silently withdrew. turned at the steps to say goodnight, No. 85. Veryments—SpecialGuaranteedNonRun—NotGarto

Like the fabled Spartan youth, he firmly edged past her onto the No. 84. Med.Run RayonLt. Wt.SpecialMen's and La- 1.10

Cuthbert went through the rest of piazza, though she would never dies'New Style, Double Combthe dance with stoic courage. Twice know at what a sacrifice to his Specifyed whenYarn,orderingExtra Fineyour bust, trunk85

old length, whether new grimly about Helen pushed hemore ladies'. or if men's Paystyle,Postageand Weor felt floor that ballthe on feet room in States. the United natural"W—won'tinclinations.you sit down?"asked Anywhereand

like all the boils in the world conHelen, uncertainly, seeing he had densed and poured into two red hot no immediate intention of going. MOSE LEWIS

shoes too small to hold them, while And when he had sunk, sighing, 14 SO. MAIN ST.

the orchestra maliciously played for onto the porch swing, she seated SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH endless hours to mock his misery. If herself reluctantly in a wicker Please mention seeing this Ad in this

Helen spoke, he stared at her disrocker. Magazine

tractedly from painglazed eyes and They sat in silence for some time.

to dance. continued gingerly experimentdoggedly Cuthbert was I C E O V it their floor, transhis feet to After the dance second Improvement Guaranteed 100% ing—pressing

build, the vocal strengthen organs—free. that serving lettingpired they were cake then We swing them They teasone—but fundamentally with ainffinpscientifically,, silentby correct and felt in ice patRelief Society the cream ways. both Helen worseand to absolutely guarantee singing exercisesany.. least at voice speaking

voice notBoundandorwonderful youfor Learn thither Cuthbert, ted Presently limpedroom, a he back yawn. and the book—sentvoice WHYliteratureWrite can free.100%want.improve you now No.

17 to unless signed under anyonehave parent* by silence. prettysteering noticed the arm. an had Helen by good "A He INSTITUTE. sentPERFECT Studio 7806

St.. E. Chicago Lake VOICE64 habit of the d'you say?"rather got hop, pushing what

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1936

CUTHBERT STEPS OUT (Concluded from page 579) false enthusiasm. Helen yawned tirely forgetting the date again. again, and unconsciously he follow- "And then I'm going to—"he

ed suit. Then they sat in silence started to say, "run around barefor another eon while he tenderly foot,"but a guy must have some

held one foot in his hand. Just wait! dignity so he substituted "work on

BrwnYxing University Just wait! If he ever got these shoes my car!"

off—he awoke to his social obliga- "Goodnight!"said Helen, loudly

tions and jumped guiltily. "Well, and decisively, and turned away

it Friagain. a pretty good—"was Then Good New Worlds twice! day, said that he'd have "Do you He gazed hesitating,to—couldn'tshe calledyou

wildly around for inspiration. leave your car here and come and

it I it tonight. in afraid bright sure sure get the I'm morning? "Moon's Conquer To

like will stars the and the to watch and Father."Mother moon wake with vision and For those at night, no, don't not!"proyou?"I'm afraid "Oh, and physical, mental, with

see, night,"at earnestly, sleep said tested Cuthbert, "I'd rather "You are there spiritual strength, tartly. again, there's Helen, a special reason I gotta have She yawned worlds glorious always new early in the or I morning, time with no effort at concealit home to this heights to conquer, new think ment. I don't would. But it will wake achieve.

optimistically, Friday, she he can them,"wide added, how "Good University Your Church tonight. noisy very "she's She's not mouth!"her thought open Cuthstresses robust spirituality

little bert, "It pretty looks so running amazed. a bird!"as and practical training. One when it's shut! Well, I gotta go, "Well, goodnight!"said Helen, institutions of larger of the I don't care whether it's polite or with emphasis and disappeared init offers country, the not!"doors.

1600 courses in 34 departHe got carefully to his feet. Cuthbert's howl of pain as he exments. "Well, I better be milling along—tracted his feet from the imprisoning

Colleges of "Goodnight!"said Helen, inshoes was drowned in the roar of

I APPLIED SCIENCE stantly springing to her feet with the his starting motor. "Next time

I won't; I'll just send ARTS AND SCIENCES first animation she had shown for go to a dance,

COMMERCE some time. you!"he gritted viciously, throwing

EDUCATION "Goodnight and thanks!"he the offending footgear violently to

FINE ARTS started down the walk. Help! the the floor of the car, "And you!"and date! He hadn't made it! Gamely the second followed.

GRADUATE SCHOOL he limped back. Helen, who was "Boy! I forgot to get another

EXTENSION at the door, turned back slowly. date, like Tubby said!"he thought,

you going to do appalled, a moment later. "Well, for DIVISION "Say, what—what

RESEARCH DIVISION tomorrow?""Sleep. A lot of it!"said Helen, expect?Pete's sake,Isn'thowtheremuchanydoessatisfyinga girl

Registration: Sept. promptly. them? I'm not going back and ask

25, 26, 28 "So am I!"said Cuthbert, eagerly, her if she never speaks to me again!

"And when I'm not sleeping I'm Just let me get into sneakers again!

going to eat—I never had any supJust let me! Why, if I ever get BRIGHAM

at this touchgood supper under my belt, I don't YOUNG per!"Helenhe wasaddedunmovedplaintively. sneakers on these feet again and a ing confidence. "I never do, when care if I'm a Social Success, like

UNIVERSITY I'm going to a dance or something, Tubby talks about so much, or not!

I'm too excited."I don't care if I never even see anProvo, Utah This was incomprehensible to other girl till I'm seventyfive!"And

Cuthbert so he ignored it and went he roared on happily through the on with his own happy plans, ennight.

BeYour Own PRELUDE TO LIVING SANTA CLAUS (Continued from page 563) SxPia Income jiomSzsi/tostM

CHRISTMAS CARDS who was already county attorney. that Miss Harris and Stan were

No experience needed-—everyone buys cards for Tall, broadshouldered, there was a "going together."

Aninversaries. Phillips Birthdays,Christmas, Aszest for living apparent in every line sortments, most complete in U. S., sell on sight

all attractive offered. ever new Perof his strong body, in the level blue It had been such fun to

varietysonal of beauGreetingboxes—mostAlbum. Amazing

tiful designs and fancy paper stock at popular eyes and the carriage of his head. teach the roomful of eager bubbling

prices. every need. 50c, Meet Cost you 30c, 60c During the long winter months, amlittle people after the first clutching sell to $1.00.each. bonus. for 50c cash Extra You

start selling season Christmas now on. We you or ateur theatricals, skating, skiing, toterror of strangeness had worn off.

organization your moneyraising at once. Samples on approval. Write boganning, and dancing had been Of course there had been much hard

11 BeaconPHILLIPSStreet Dept.CARDU-9 CO.BOSTON enjoyablejust one ofdiversions.the crowdStanat hadfirst,beenbut work,whethermomentsshe wasof startingdespair, themof worryout

soon the friendly curious people saw properly on the long road stretching

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1936

PRELUDE TO LIVING ahead. She had discovered a heartare so many things I want to do in

tugging joy to be liked by small this world. Let's not spoil our

children. friendship; let's go on—that is if you It was no less fun to be liked by want to—"she had ended questionStan. Though she pretended even ing.

to herself it didn't matter quickly, whether Leone,""Oh, he had said Reading Coursethe telephone it did, half huskily, rang, but "of course I want to go when and Mrs. Anderson called out sigon. You have been the best pal that Books for 1936-7

nificantly, "For you, Leone,"the ever was."She remembered how

rush of gladness that surged through intensely blue his eyes seemed as he Here are the books selected for her as she took the receiver up ever took her hands close in his own, "but the M. I. A. reading course for the

so casually and heard Stan's rich remember, darling, you are more coming season. These books are

vibrant voice told her that it did than that to me."now on sale at the Deseret Book

matter. The gay excursions in his She had laughed with ecstasy as Company.

sturdy car; smoke curling from their she slipped out of the red dress that

campfire beneath wind tossed pines; night and catching sight of her rehis teasing voice—that year had flection in the mirror said in the old

been full of happy memories. childish habit she had of talking to Executive Department: The

Then she had traveled during the herself: "Oh, it is good to be young New Testament 15c and up

summer. Immediately after she reand have a good position and Stan Adult Department: Wake up

turned home he had been "on the too. You just don't deserve it, and Live $1.75

doorstep"as he had said, and when Leone."She hadn't been able to go Senior Department: Making

she went back to Knowlton, they had to sleep. Of course she was fond the Most of Your Life 1.00

drifted into the old casual friendly of Stan and they had been such

MenGleaners: North to M pals; yet teaching fascinating,intimacy. relentlessly was there Yet

the Orient 2.50 a regular salary and having into theircrept even friendship a a new,

different quality. nicer; and in the vistas of years Explorer Department: Heart

She remembered one clear cold ahead there were so many things of a Rose 30c and 60c

January night as they were returnto do—county supervisorship, perJunior Department: Larry....$1.50

ing from a dance. She had had an haps; a summer tour of Europe; Scout Department: Voice of

especially good time; perhaps it was helping Ted through college; playthe Intangible 2.00

the fault of the new rose dress; but ing Lady Bountiful to the twins who Bee Hive Department: See

already her. adoredshe scarcely had danced with Stan list at this store—thirtysix life pleasantly on, had drifted So theduring evening she and though

choice books.

iciness presently the and of winter thatsensed provoked she he was kept up a bright chatter. As the car reluctantly gave way to spring. Select your books now

slid up to her gate, she had peered through the frosty window, had seen V/ne Friday afternoon as from this list that there was still a light and venshe was busy making plans for the We make a specialty of mail tured: "Won't you come in, Stan? next week Stan surprised her by orders

Mrs. Anderson has made some chile walking into her room. "Behold,

and suggested that I invite you in."Young Lochinvar to take you into

adequately west,"hadSo they the sampled the he announced. "Come DESERET BOOKchile, in it's his on, spite of burning and Leone, ages since been we've

tongue on hot chocolate made over been a-riding. Everything's all set. COMPANY

the glowing grille, Stan was soon You see,"he grinned boyishly as 44 East on South Temple restored is humor. helped the car, "this her into to good he

Salt Lake City, Utah all I "Leone,"premeditated. said suddenly. haven't he had a had

"Why did you do that tonight?"look in as far as you are concerned "Do what?"she had countered for weeks and so—

.innocently. "And so here we are,"she had

"Treat me so casually; oh, you finished happily.

S25S35 MAKE A WEEK give Leone, spiralling the takenknow, two They had me only learn practical at nursing can home

Course Yonin spare endorsed physibydances mountain the road and act as though I were whole and soon cians. 3 of graduates. Thousandstime. 7th

charge has savedonly one of the crowd. Just one of panoramic beauty of the valley lay pital.One graduateAnother year.?400 ofwhile10bedlearning.hosthe crowd.... Leone, is that all I below them. Along the road the EquipmentSchool not required.included. EasyMen tuitionand womenpayments.18 to Write60. Highnow.

CHICAGO to trees unfolding you?"were and willowsmean SCHOOLEast Ohio OFStreet, NURSINGChicago, 529 free, 100booklet sample send and 3H lesson pages.Ml. delicate recalled leaves green She how suddenly still the their and a NameJ.JleaseDept.

room had become, the ticking of faint sheen of green covered the rugCity.State. -Age the clock seemed to reverberate in ged mountainsides. She had almost

her ears mingling with the beating forgotten the fun of being with Stan of her heart as she had answered in his "gypsy mood"; to watch his KODAK FILMS, any size, developed

; negativesReprints,slowly: "Stan, we've been awfully face light up and crinkle into laughandany 8size,prints3c madeeach. forSend25c cointwo

free for samples. sallies. to sit at beside friends. her Just never has been ter Theregood

films. your LION It's PHOTOeasy toSERVICE,mail us

I feel don't the April breeze 351, like you. him know, onanyone and her BOX OGDEN, UTAH.

Stan, how much you mean. But there (Continued on page 582)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1936

PRELUDE TO LIVING (Continued from page 581 face had been so satisfying. Presthat lot by Dixons—oh, darling, we

ently they came to Grand Forks and could be so happy."You Get

leaving the car they walked the short distance to the lakes which, fed by It had been a silent trip the melting snow, were icy cold, rehome. The cool, misty beauty of Double flecting the sunset splendor of the the starry night found a miniature

high banked clouds. They watched reflection in the lights of the little

the sun in a last glow fling up its city and the scattered farmhouses light in a brilliant sheaf of gold and of the valley. She had longed to

ruby. lay her hand over his so steady and Value

"Oh, Stan, it's so beautiful it hurts sure on the steering wheel, to say, from your subscription to the to see it,"she had said hesitantly. "Oh, Stan, you just don't underparticularly sunsets are "Yes, stand."hadn't. she light But In the and IMPROVEMENT ERA beautiful here. from the See his the how from in dashboard face propublications, other Church when

light valley. file across the shades Peacestern, looked determined. Anin preserve magazines your you

it? ful isn't is valley, this Perhaps other time she would have unhim volumes. permanently bound

finishing after back I came derstand. why

Send your back numbers to us school,"now! "The sunsets—andhe had saidto meetwhimsically.you."time,Butfortherea dayhadn'tor twobeenlater anotherhe had

And as they watched the shadows been unexpectedly called to the coast

During September lengthen from the purple bulwarked on business. She had missed him

mountains across the little valley and terribly of course, but things don't

We will return them to you the mauve and rose of the sky fade end like this she had assured herself postpaid attractively and durinto the grayness Stan had said: consolingly.

ably bound in cloth, stamped in that night "Leone, remember do you the fallen. thunderbolt Then had gold. last I told you January when it that that Not guise was in the of a

Improvement Era $2.00 you meant more than a pal to me?"catastrophe at all. Merely a friendStartled her she had nodded little call head ly Alder, from the Mr. Relief Society Magazine 1.50

"I as it then, he continued: meant president of the school board. But

Instructor 1.50 and I mean it more than ever now. it meant her position was gone! no

Children's Friend 2.00 Leone, darling, I love you more than more first mornings with a room

anything in the world. You knew crowded with big eyed sixyear-olds

per volume it, didn't you? And I want to marry clutching pencils and notebooks in

you as soon as school is out."He an attempt at bravado. "We've been was looking down at her—no laughvery pleased with your work, Miss

ter now in his level blue eyes. Harris,"he was saying, "and we are

Even remembering brought a particularly glad that you won't be surge of warmth to her. But why leaving Knowlton entirely. Perhaps THE DESERET did I have to bungle things so, Leone that's one reason we don't feel so

had thought wearily to herself time bad about cutting out your section, NEWS PRESS and time again. Oh why couldn't I... Stan is a splendid fellow,"he

right behind could had added irrelevantly then and so he told him "PIONEER PRINTERS AND have his spectacles terribly, his eyes twinkled that I loved him understand BINDERS OF THE WEST"but that I wanted to try my wings a kindly at her.

29 Richards Street little before I settled down, that I Looking into the mirror as she

Salt Lake City, Utah wanted to go adventuring? But as patted powder on her smooth young

she had falteringly tried to tell him, face, she scowled at the reflection.

she had seen the tenderness die in "You're what is popularly known as t-.-i.iH.ii i If—.Hi m.,i h—m—(i—H—histo hiseyes,face.a bewildered hurt come inaschooldumbbell,"teachershefar toldmoreherself.naive than"A

the tiniest part of the 1 he "Buthad asked.don't you love me, Leone?"ayousixteenhad hadyear old. Now, Leone, if

"Oh, yes, I do love you, Stan,"wisdom of the Mona Lisa there, you

DESERET.M0RJUART she had hastened to add, "but—-."would have known what you wantof da the wall a copy ed."From tie yourself to not enough "But Service Above Al coolly masterpiece looked finished grimVinci's That's it,"he down?

ly. "Of course the life I could give down at her, inscrutable, aloof; the

you wouldn't be especially exciting,"wisdom of all womankind in her half he had gone on carefully. "Just smile. "But you haven't and in

middle class American life. Lawyers reaching for the moon you rather

in the country don't make too much lost your world,"she finished whimmoney, you know. But just having sically to herself as she went downyou would be all I could ask for stairs.

and we could build one of those little "At last. Mother, I'm ready,"she

sloping roofed English houses on called.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, SEPTEMBER, 1936

PRELUDE TO LIVING It was good to be out of doors. "Why Leone, is that why you The sky was a clear azure with little have been so restless, so dissatis- I TheDESERET

flecks of clouds to emphasize its fied? You have worried me so.

clarity; trees and vines were brilliant Careers are wonderful of course, with the warmth of reds and gold dear, and sometimes very satisfying; GYMNASIUM

while dahlias and zinnias and the but Stan is such a splendid fellow The Recreation Center wealth of late autumn flowers were I should think you would be far hapof Salt Lake City"of masses gorgeous flaming color. pier married to of mission The of the him—though Deseret "It's silly positively to in get it is down course for to decide."you is to Gymnasium promote

is the as long as there dumps a world health I and "If in happiness could every I'd only sure be as be like this,"herself. she chided

legitimate way, to successful increase as been, I'd have you not efficiency, to afraid, build be clean, she returned Mums,"finished her errand UHE strong bodies winking providing by back tears. the an sudden returning and was a home. Such opportunity for "Well, is, vigorous, important as future my this as day to ought not be wasted

I scientific exercise is guess lunch healthand the next thing the on.. she. Indian mused tsummer ful it? recreation isn't under proper afterwards Then. calendar,.. the all poignant most of season

its hazy beauty so lovely, so quickly I'm going up Spring Hollow to find conditions, wise supervision fleeting... just like being young; a nice place for the gypsy picnic I and expert instruction.

she smiled at the absurd comparison. promised my Sunday School class."Classes, games and swimYet youth is so surely fleeting. But It's much easier to decide weighty ming all the year around for

perhaps we all have Indian summers problems outdoors she thought as men and women and boys and in our lives... that last surge of she climbed up Spring Hollow. girls.

loving life intensely, drinking with Pine needles were a soft yielding For particulars visit the avid lips from the brimming cup; carpet beneath her feet and the deep Gymnasium or call Was. 1424.

ah, but I don't want to wait... I resonant murmur of Spring Creek

live to want now. an accompaniment her to sudwas And quite THE DESERET thoughts. denly knew. she to Simply silly pride She had brought Stan

had prevented her from writing to show him her favorite nooks in the GYMNASIUM forest last year. him to say Suddenly mistaken. she had been she knew H. C. MORTENSEN really tonight, I'll write wasn't thought. she to any decision How there Manager

hard despair, to make. the exactly be it would apathy The choose of -Ht—n——tt -"——H—.11 H-

.. living the right hadn't been because wasn't she words. she phrased

letter the so if working in her mind. as because much she But what had r cared, longer lightness, the shut out gaiety, he no the or had forgotten

perhaps had found someone else. the worthwhileness that had been

all that For sheer terror clutched Stan and really mathe was a moment Leave Your Films her, at but of course anyway. she abtered suddenly he hadn't; And

surd even to think of it. felt buoyantly glad. If she hurried

"There's a letter for you on the she could get the letter off to him with Us for Fine hall table,"her mother called. A on the night mail. Oh, how heavletter? enly it is feel alive, to Perhaps from to be Stan. She joy, Photo Finishing course to emotion, had recently again,knew he through returned me

Knowlton and finding that she was she thought. Why I've been all

never You know a when for a inside.not It teaching he writing. might deadened be good snapshot will turn why up—that'schance

if a splendid simplify idea matters towould keep so your much Kodak In another stood she moment handy.it's

first.he wrote But no... it was stupefied, there wooden: Stan was You always know, though, that exyour thefrom county superintendent offilms posed will good treatment trail! in a around the coming i bend from I it's a splendid whyreceive idea fering in a her position a nearby filtering to sunlight get us—that'sinto the the through habit of The leaving here. them the lasttown; teacher at the moment trees hair, his his on face grave was

had decided to go East with her crinkling into smiles, his vibrant We Do Enlarging, Too husband; to Leone anhave would voice saying breathlessly, almost do say so we (And, ourselves, we make immediately.swer some ifmighty attractive big prints. A reverently, darling.""Leone, a In glance at latest our 1 samples will convince letter to the She her showed you of that. her side he reached moment had and e Is "Imother. don't to do,"what know in Silly his she arms. to have was

she confessed. "I never told you to wink back the tears to be able to

itbefore because unbelievseemed see him; silly ever to cry again! EASTMANable that I could but be so foolish, J

Stan asked me to marry him last spring but I mixed things up thinking I wanted to do a lot of other Sell Greeting Cards Portraying the TRUE Spirit of | Jxoaak things before I got married. And

Inc.then he left and I haven't had the CHRISTmas | STORES,courage to write telling him how Our Box of 24 DeLuxe Scripture Text Polders Is, without doubt, best value the market. the I on value $1.75 Wasatch 5292 A J 155 Main Streetmistaken been; I had just this mornto postpaid for you or boxes, 60c. Two more 50c Salt Lake City, Utah

Boxes, 4 containing For 1 5 lovely each Cards anding I to decided write—and now senteach.Folders, send orders sell Take sight. now! on $1.00. They

this. I shall do?"What Pa. CO., Shepherdstown, SHEPHERD'S TOWN CARD i

xpM&ffll&Gllk

LETS SAY IT CORRECTLY HEREDITY OR ENVIRONMENT

Biography—the only i is as in the word ice—-no matter how Little betty, returning from school one afternoon, said:

many times you may have heard it pronounced differently; "Johnny Wilson's examination papers were so good that

the o has the sound of the word of and the accent falls after teacher keeps them on her desk to show visitors."

the g; the a has the sound as in ask; and the y as in it. Asked about her own, she had to confess that they weren't

Column—You will notice that there is no y in this word. good.

The first syllable is pronounced as if spelled kol with the o "But why aren't yours as good as Johnny's?"her mother

pronounced as in of, and the accent falls after the 1; the u has asked. "You have the same opportunities."

the sound as in the word up. "I know, mother,"said Betty, "but Johnny Wilson comes

Eczema—that dread skin disease which doctors dread to from a very bright family."—San Francisco Chronicle.

hear us pronounce because we don't often say it correctly. It

is pronounced in three syllables, the first: ek with the e as in IT'S THE SAME MAN, ISN'T IT?

first end; the ze, the in e event; the second: as the e third: ma,

is ""TXaddy, a traitor?"what

falls first the the in ask. as syllable. accent the a Hit on And

is traitor a man who leaves our party and goes "A * the rest will follow. the hard ek and

to the other over one."

BUSINESS BEFORE PLEASURE over"Well,to yours?"then, what is a man who leaves his party and comes

** A RE YOU going to Europe for your vacation, Senator?""A convert, my boy!"

** "No,"answered the Senator. "What's the use of traveling around among people who don't speak my language, and SPECIFIC DIRECTIONS

who couldn't vote for me even if they did."entist—"Which tooth do you want extracted?"

Pullman Porter—"Lower seven."PROMOTED TO RETIREMENT D

Sambo—"What am you doing now?"A COMMON COMPLAINT

Rastus—'Tse an exporter."

Rastus—"Yep,Sambo—"An exporter!"the Pullman Company just fired me."T'm* ther.worried"He's abouttoo smartthat boyto takeof mine,"advicesaidfromtheanyoneanxiouselse,faand not quite smart enough to think it up for himself."

A QUIET CONSCIENCE SOMETIMES CURES

INSOMNIA, ALSO!

**Tt was my custom in my youth,"said a famous Persian, AN OLD PRAYER * "to rise from my slumber to watch, pray, and read the

Koran. One night as I was thus engaged, my father, a man Give me a good digestion, Lord,

of practical virtue, awoke. 'Behold,'said I to him, 'thy other and also something to digest.

children are lost in irreligious slumbers while I alone wake to Give me a healthy body, Lord, with praise God.''Son of my soul,'said he, 'it is better to'sleep sense enough to keep it at its

than to wake to remark on the faults of thy brethren.'best.

> Givetomekeepa healthythe goodmind,andgoodpureLord,in sight, a chair? you have of the house—Will Lady sin, is seeing not appalled but

for the radio set. Which, Collector—No, thanks; I came finds set it right. to a way

Give me a mind which is not bound,

RIGHT, PERHAPS.-BUT BRUISED that does not whimper, whine,

sigh. or his the right of eyes): (opening "I had motorist Wrecked

let about Don't overmuch me worry I?"way, didn't

I. the thing called fussy fellow a truck."the other but Life. Bystander: had "Yeh,

Give me a sense of humor, Lord, give "YES MEN"To getme somethe gracehappinessto seeouta joke,of life and "T"V3n't you smell something burning?"pass it on to other folk.

*-J "No, I don't think I do."(Dates from 18th century at

"I don't either, but most people do if you ask them."—least. Of English origin,

Boston Transcript. but the author is unknown.)

DEVOTION'S REWARD "... will: rich nephand (reading woman's to my Lawyer

in calling to for his feed OSCAR A. KIRKHAM ATTENDS WESTERN kindness every ew, Percy, week

my darling goldfish, I leave... my darling goldfish."Tid RECREATIONAL CONFERENCE

Bits. A T a recent meeting of the National Recreational AssociaCAUSE FOR CONCERN ** tion in Long Beach, California, Oscar A. Kirkham, Execu-

"Cussy old lady: "Are you quite positive this train is going tive Secretary of the Y. M. M. I. A. and Deputy Regional

12 of the of of Region Scouts attended. America, Boy to Muscatine?"*

briefly reprint quote City: from a "Oscar of Western ExecutiveWe (wearily) "Well, if it isn't lady. I'm in a worse Conductor

presenting Kirkham, the 'Leisure address, theme or Living are.": than mess you

at Loafing?'session, a ten outlined luncheon the Wednesday

PREPONDERANT EVIDENCE securingpoint programa real ovationof attitudesfrom andthe somegrowth300forin attendance.youth in leisure,The

"1P\id you behave in church?"asked an interested relative keynote of his address was, 'Find the good in youth, help

** when Junior returned from the service. them to understand our confidence in their integrity and capa-

"Course I did,"replied Junior. "I heard the lady back of city, and guide them in the fullest release of their latent and

us say she never saw a child behave so."acquired abilities'."

The outlaw of NAVAJO MOUNTAIN"By ALBERT R. LYMAN

BEGINS NEXT MONTH IN The IMPROVEMENT ERA * "Based on the real life story of "Posey

Piute renegade, the most lawless Indian of the most lawless tribe of the Southwest pouR Corners is the only place in the Union where four states come together—Utah, Colorado, Arizona, and

New Mexico. Half a century ago it was a cradle of anarchy. This

region, including Navajo Mountain and the Valley of the San Juan, was nominally United States territory, without having been altered in the slightest degree by that fact.

"pROM that time, back in the 70's, until thirteen years ago, Posey, Piute renegade, son of a renegade father, was the leading character in an unparalleled series of dramas that merged adventure, romance, conflict, conquest, and retribution with breathtaking rapidity and startling consequences.

HPhe Piutes preyed upon the Navajos—The Navajos ALBERT R. LYMAN preyed upon the Piutes—and both tribes preyed upon the San Juan Pioneers of the Mormon Church—until old scores

AUTHOR OF "THE OUTLAW OF NAVAJO were evened up and settled for all time.

MOUNTAIN,""THE VOICE OF THE INTANGIBLE,""THE HISTORY OF THE SAN JUAN Cays the author:—"The dreaded shapes on Posey's horizon

PIONEERS,"AND OTHER WORKS. were Poke, dominant leader o[ the Piutes, Bitseel, hated Navajo

rival; the Mormon God, and Uncle Sam.

- lead \\ The OUTLAW of NAVAJO MOUNTAIN"

Beginning in the October IMPROVEMENT ERA

A fulllength novel based on the history of the Southwest, to be published in installments in this magazine prior to its appearance in book form.

More gripping than fiction because it is based on fact.

More thrilling than history because it is colored by fiction.

life insurance protection for himself and family is like a fleet,9 A man with ample welltrained athlete in an Olympic hurdle race. Each hurdle is taken easily and

surely, and the race is won by the runner who is best prepared.

Why not let a Beneficial representative help you chart a definite life insurance program to carry you and your dependents over life's inevitable hurdles?

IF IT'S A BENEFICIAL POLICY IT'S THE BEST INSURANCE YOU CAN BUY

HEBER J. GRANT, PRESIDENT

Home Office...Beneficial Life Bldg., Salt Lake City