in nt in i<; is n rr

APRIL 1950

Jh& cJLoi Atnqetej Uetnple

SPECIAL TEMPLE ISSUE

V*'-"

we OUR HOLLYWOOD CONTOUR BLANKETS

Today more than 30 thousand families have disHOLLYWOOD CONTOUR features a gencovered how wonderful contour blankets can be. erous tuckin flap which assures greater foot freeAnd if ever a blanket deserved its fan mail, it's dom than you've ever enjoyed before, yet it's

the HOLLYWOOD CONTOUR by Wool O'virtually impossible to kick or pull out at the

The West. foot. Mitered corners zip closed for neat bedHere's an entirely different concept of bedding making in a jiffy. From crib size to king size,

... a blanket designed to keep you covered no there's a CONTOUR by Wool O'The West to

matter how you roll and toss. HOLLYWOOD fit every bed in your home... available in 13

CONTOUR stays in place because it fits your bed luscious shades and white... guaranteed against

... the only blanket made which allows for matmoth damage for 5 years. Prices range from

tress depth as well as length and width. $12.00 to $35.00 at leading stores everywhere.

*Pats. Pending

// your dealer can't supply you, please lef us help.

PORTLAND 5 in wool are \oo MILLS, INC. WOOLEN

P. O. Box 2620C

PORTLAND 3, OREGON 7ZeOVAL$Mf>

by Dr. Franklin S. Harris, Jr.

Prompted by earlier studies in various countries, investigators at the Utah

State Agricultural College Experiment

Station have found that the feeding of sugar (sucrose) to beef and swine for produces slaughter before periods short imIts the first amount, in dressing increases slight provement in color, increase in sugar content, and less alkaline nature, and reallq VtFFSRNT hence better keeping qualities.

cracker in The supply of fresh water and the disposal of waste water are not prob25qears!

lems peculiar to modern cities. The city

of MohenjoDaro, on the Indus River in Pakistan, which flourished 30002000

B.C. had a wellorganized system of

aqueducts and drains.

Pirofessor S. N. Kramer has recently

translated a tablet written in the

Sumerian language showing that UrNammu who reigned over Sumer and

Ur about 2050 B.C. had an enlightened

code of laws including indemnities to be paid for 'severed nose, foot, or bones instead of "an eye for an eye."This

was the oldest known lawgiver, three hundred years older than the famous TownHouse

Semitic lawgiver Hammurabi. Anew photographic lens has been anGmleuty PURITY

nounced by Eastman Kodak which of 0.75 and a focal f-number has an

Here's a wonderful flavor exceptionally This of length 110 mm.

fast lens will be useful where very little you've never known before light is available such as in cinefluorog- the first raphy.—because these are

crackers of their kind ever 'yHERE is no blue pigment in the pea- * cock's tail or in the beautiful wing baked! There's no match

of the morpho butterfly. The color anywhere for the tender

comes from the structure of the material which produces an interference of light crispness... the freshthe type of which gives the same colors fromthe-oven texture... mothand film, a soapbubble, in an oil

er of pearl. of these delicious, golden-

j\n improved deoderizing lamp has brown ovals. They're just

** been developed by Westinghouse. right for two bites—with

This lamp by virtue of special glass transmits ultraviolet light which in no crumbs!

turn changes some of the oxygen in the air into ozone, which in turn oxidizes molecules producing the odors. In a

in size the it can home be used 3 watt l/2 cooking, dampodors from to eliminate Purity Biscuit Co.... Salt Lake City... Pocatello... Phoenix * sources. other perspiration, ness, and

APRIL 1953 209 Y;

NEW MUSIC FOR THE WORLD

"\TS7ednesday evening, February 18,

VV 1953, the historic Tabernacle on by Dr. G. Homer Durham Temple Square in Salt Lake City was

filled with glorious sounds, new to the UNIVERSITY OF UTAH world of music. The occasion was the

world premiere and first performance of the Oratorio from the Book of Mormon.

Composed by Leroy J. Robertson, Proinfluenced, over a century later, George

fessor and Head of the Department of Frederick Handel. Samson Music at the University of Utah (also

FotfmgChaws a member of the Church music commitMeanwhile in Germany, Heinrich tee for many years), the new work was Schutz was adding the wellknown produced and conducted by Maurice "chorale"as a regular feature (appearas in the Robertson work "The director musical and coning For?* Abravanel, but in Lord's Prayer"number, modern ductor of the Orchestra, Utah Symphony

April 15, 1729, mode). Johann On assisted the composer by musical and Seating

renproduced* the first Sebastian Bach staff its of the University with of Utah combined choruses. The text of the dition of the St. Matthew Passion, conoratorio was selected by Professor Robtributing also in his lifetime, the great

America's First ertson from the books of Helaman and B Minor Mass, the Christmas Oratorio,

Passions. the St. Luke and St. John and Choice For—III calls Nephi. The work for full symCost Low orchestra, Israel organ, in phony choruses, gigantic work, Handel's and Low Upkeep

Longer Life five soloists: Samuel the Lamanite Egypt, was first performed April 4, 1739.

(bass, sung by Desiri LiThe historic premiere of There's o SomfOA

Folding Chair geti); Jesus (baritone, the Messiah with its powPublic Every For

Seating Need! Harold H. Bennett) erful text came on April

Evangelist (tenor, Kenly 13, 1742. This work was

W. Whitelock); soprano to inspire Franz Joseph

(Naomi Sanders Farr); Haydn's Creation, proand contralto (Melba duced for the public on

Ideal for Egbert). An enthusiasApril 2, 1798. Ludwig

tic audience the gave Beethoven's von Mount Schools Churches # a Olives, composer tremendous handicapped of Halls Meeting * # Lodges after finale. less the ovation attractive texts, by seathall public or any where

-1803. April 5, was first performed

is essential. ing comfort

The Lord hath made bare his holy arm From Beethoven to Robertson may "A"Larger, more comfortable seat In the eyes of all the nations. beg comparison for some. But it is not

shall of the All the see the earth ends all at impossible. "k 1803 Between to stand Strong and enough on

of salvation our God!

a of 1953, years, 150 span appear some seat can't cut Safety hinge fingers * strength Zion! thy awake, put Awake, on O great works. Felix St. Mendlessohn's thee! king unto cometh Noiseless folding action, Thy compact, *

its ever with Paul popular Lovely "How easily stored Father, the unto Glory unto and the Son "fr Six smart decorator colors Holy Ghost. Are the Messengers"was first heard May

1836. Elijah His "Lift (with its Worlds without end. Amen. 22,

"fc Will not tip or fold when open "It Eyes,"Thine perIs Enough") was

TT Electrically welded steel tube legs President David O. McKay, in a brilformed August 24, 1846. Johannes

k Chip proof, nonchalking enamel finliant fourminute encomium following Brahms'German Requiem (in recent ish on all metal parts the ovation characterized the work to years brought to Utah music lovers by k Specially arched tubular steel cross the standing audience as "a great crea- J. Spencer Cornwall and the Tabernacle

braces for extra rigidity tion."It may well be that musical Choir on Palm or Easter Sundays) was

k Electrically welded steel tube seat history was made on February 18, 1953. introduced April 10, 1868, about the

Frame—no screws used throughout Oratorio as a musical form received time the first general conference con-

X Steel furniture glides with replaceits modern impulse during the reign of vened in the newlycompleted Salt Lake able newtype rubber feet Gregory XIII (pope 15721585). GregTabernacle.

* Padded, cushioncomfort spring seat ory XIII reformed the old Roman calSir Arthur Sullivan spent most of his k Concave, formfitting, upholstered endar inherited from Julius Caesar, "worry energies"trying to produce back rest promulgating the current "Gregorian"great oratorios. The Light of the World

"* All metal parts rustproofed by "boncalendar by the bull of February 24, came off August 27, 1873, having been derizing process"1582. This same worthy encouraged preceded by The Prodigal Son SeptemFilippo Neri in the use of dialogue and ber 3, 1869. However "Onward Chrismusic in making instruction in scriptian Soldiers"and the immortal light

tural history more effective, Palestrina operas, produced with the collaboration ZCMI contributing some of the music used in of Sir W. S. Gilbert, appear to have

SCHOOL and OFFICE Neri's "lectures."more survival value.

SUPPL By 1600 Cavalieri's The Soul and the In the twentieth century, Sir Edward 57 SO. STATE ST. SALT LAKE CITY Body was produced in Rome, followed Elgar has given the world his Dream

Phone 3-1575 - Ext. 442 by works from the hands of Carissimi of Gerontius and the Apostles ( 1900 and

and Alessandro Scarlatti who in turn 1903 respectively). In the United States,

210 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA John K. Paine (St. Peter) and Horatio

Parker (Hors Novissima) have attempted to create great church music of lasting significance.

An oratorio must convey a significant, central message through means of its BOOKCRAFTS text. This message must in turn be

musically transmitted through recitative, aria, and chorus work on a grand scale, according to a grand design. The

Oratorio from the Book of Mormon, prophesying the coming of Christ, and reporting his resurrected appearance and ministry in the New World setting, augurs well for the immortality of the

Robertson work. It is distinctly a native American work with an American

setting for the Messiah theme. The

music is thrilling; the choral offerings

are rich in what this amateur can best describe as "antiphonal counterpoint Here are unequalled values in outstanding books...

supporting a variety of inner voices to books that are steppingstones to greater knowledge produce a tremendous, overall, melodic and understanding. They're drastically reduced to clear.

line."Here then is a rich spiritual Order now for your library.

contribution, out of America, for the art and life of these times, and for times REG. PRICE SALE PRICE

to come. Joseph Smith, ProphetStatesman

By Dr. G. Homer Durham

This inspiring volume bears added testimony on the founder of Mormonism and on the nature of American government. It provides a significant insight into the workings of constitutional federalism $2.25 98r

LOOKING FORWARD Brigham Young, Man of the Hour

By Ruth May Fox By Leah D. Widtsoe

The remarkable accomplishments of this great leader and churchman future, of a glorious treasure1 dream clearly portrayed in a volume you'll $2.00 790

and better Of a bright day always

When every living creature God's mandates will obey; GOSPEL THEMES KNOW THE BIBLE

By Dr. John A. Widtsoe By Benjamin B. Alward

will go hungry no oneWhen PLASTIC Si for daily bread; REGULAR pleadNor EDITION 1 00

$1.50, hearts overburdened beNo confirmnow TQ# wr Over 900 Biblical quotations

ing the teachings practical of of the Church gospel The applicationWith anguish, fear, and dread.

Saints. Christ... Jesus of Latterday to present themes problems day ofA

When every man will find a friend concise, modern, enriched! valuableinspiration.source of information and

In every other man, And each will seek the good of all

According to God's plan; Prince of Ur

By Susan Y. Gates and Leah D. Widtsoe

story romance! of Adventure Abraham A shall disappear, enmityWhen

scripture of on based the. Chaldees".. "Ur andin more, be wars no wagedAnd of findings archeology... modern $2.00 790

love beauty andBut peace and Abound from shore to shore; The Founding of an Empire

When no weapons of destruction. By HistoryLeland atH. itsCreerbest! A volume that deserves a place

Designed by human hands, empire!in every Packedlibrary.withA historicalgreat booklore about a great $3.00 $|29Shall terrify the nations

Or devastate their lands; Gay Saint

Bailey Paul starving children By no homeless,When Everyone reading will enjoy authentic the tale of there,... here andShall wander the Saint vigilante, priest leader, Gay and

desolation scenes ofMid apostate, millionaire and pauper, statesman and $3.00 $|00 despair. freebooter of wild moansAnd

O Father, send repentance PLACE ORDER EARLY... SUPPLY IS LIMITED

That we may sense our shame And realize with penitence We have ourselves to blame.

Hasten, Lord, the promised day,

When wickedness shall end And Christ shall reign in glory,

Our Brother and our Friend. (!

Then will the hills and valleys sing,

All peoples the knee bend 1186 listen to the wordsAnd of God SaltSOUTHLake CityMAIN<4, Utah

On glories yet to be!

APRIL 1953 211 Kyfhcial Ovaan o THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, IMPROVEMENT MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS, DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION, MUSIC COMMITTEE, WARD

TEACHERS, AND OTHER AGENCIES OF

Jhe i-kupek or

of cJLatteraay S)aint& r> r VOIUME 56 NUMBER 4 Annl 1953 r o

Editors: DAVID O. McKAY - RICHARD L. EVANS Jhe Loi/ef

L. Editor: Managing DOYLE GREEN fullcolor subject cover month's This Associate Managing C. JOSEPHSON MARBA

picture - from J. two a composite made Research Manuscript Editor: ELIZABETH Editor: ALBERT L. is Editor:MOFFITT

JR. Editor: Family""Today's ZOBELL, RUBY architect's (one) an model

- Editors: Contributing G. - ARCHIBALD H.HOMERMORGAN Saint Latterday DURHAM ofphotographs, unthe Temple, now - JR. - HARRIS, LEE NIBLEY FRANKLIN A. PALMER HUGHF. BENNETT

Angeles, in Los construction der (two) and B. B. SPERRY PETERSEN - SIDNEY CLAUDES.

- R. General Associate Manager: Manager: BERTHA ELBERT CURTIS

- Business Advertising D. Manager: GILES JOHN VERL F. S.SCOTTREEDER someraphy cumulusand theUtahcolorclouds.work Theare byphotogHal Subscription Director: SNARRDirector: A. GLEN

Rumel Studios.

OTHER PICTURE CREDITS Ancient Temple pictures by courtesy of

Dr. Baurat C. Schick, 230, 231; E. G.

215; Wells Jakeman, Howland, 214; M. The Editor's Page

Institute, University of Chicago, Oriental

As Youth Looks Toward Marriage President David O. McKay 221 296.Kenneth S. Bennion, 219, George E.

Bergstrom, 225, 226, 227; Hal Rumel, 228,

229, 235, 237; Josef Muench, 232; J. Fred

Church Features Thunell, 232; E. V. Spockman, 238; Willard Luce, 232, Norman Price, 240, The

The Stick of Judah and the Stick of Joseph—Part IV...Hugh Nibley 250 Messenger, 240.

Y.W.M.I.A. General Board ApThe Church Moves On 216

pointee 213 Melchizedek Priesthood 274 EDITORIAL AND BUSINESS OFFICES

Ancient Temples and Their Uses.—Presiding Bishopric's Page. 276 50 North Main Street

214, 215, 296 Y.M.M.I.A. Offices, 50 North Main St.

Y.W.M.I.A. Offices, 40 North Main St.

Special Temple Articles Salt Lake City 1, Utah

The Salt Lake Temple Joseph Fielding Smith 223 tionCopyrightof the1953Youngby MutualMen'sFunds,MutualInc.,Improvementa CorporaThe Los Angeles Temple Edward O. Anderson 225 AssociationLatterday Saints.of the ChurchAll rightsof Jesusreserved.ChristSubof

The Beginning of the Blessing Archibald F* Bennett 228 scription price, $2.50 a year, in advance; foreign

Ancient Temples and Their Uses (See also pages 214, 215, 296) singlesubscriptions,copy. $3.00 a year, in advance; 25c

Sidney B. Sperry 230 Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah,

Three Utah Temples 232 as secondclass matter. Acceptance for mailing

for in special section rate provided at of postage Early of the Houses 233 Lord

July 2, 1103, authorized of October Act 1917, and 234 Moroni The Angel Cyrus E. Dallin Levi Edgar Young 1918.

The Romance of Temple Building Marba C, Josephson 236 The Improvement Era is not responsible for un- "All Over This Land of Joseph"Albert L. Zobell, Jr. 238 solicited manuscripts, but welcomes contributions.

All by sufficient be accompanied manuscripts must...240 Sites for Temples

return. for delivery postage and Salt Lake Temple Interiors 241, 242, 243, 244, 246, 248

Change of Address Special Features dress.Fifteen Whendays'noticeorderingrequireda change,for changeplease includeof adaddress slip from a recent issue of the magazine.

unless the old be cannot changes Address made is included. well as one the new as Historic Fort Laramie—Conclusion..Hazel Noble Boyack 252 address The Spoken Word from Temple Square

Richard L. Evans 260, 266, 272

Exploring the Universe, Franklin These Times: New Music for the National Advertising Representatives

S. Harris, Jr 209 World, G. Homer Durham 210

Your Page and Ours 296 EDWARD S. TOWNSEND COMPANY

Today's Family San Francisco,Russ BuildingCalifornia

Company Manners, Monica Crocheting for Profit, Theresa E. EDWARD S. TOWNSEND COMPANY

284 Black Downes 286 Los 1324AngelesWilshire17, CaliforniaBlvd. Hints......285 Handy Party Foods, Ruby H. Morgan....288

SADLER AND SANGSTON ASSOCIATES 342 Madison Ave.

Stories, Poetry NewDAVISYork &17,SONSN. Y.

30 N. LaSalle St.

Looking Forward, Ruth May Fox.. 211 Poetry Page 220 Chicago, Illinois

Frontispiece, The Salt Lake TemSpring Night, Vesta Nickerson ple 219 Lukei 269 Member, Audit Bureau of Circulations

212 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Y.W.M.I.A. GENERAL BOARD

APPOINTEE

MissrectorLorraineat EastBowman,High choralSchool diin

Salt Lake City, has recently been appointed a member of the

Y.W.M.I.A. general board. A native

of Provo, Utah, Miss Bowman has long interested herself in music of all kinds. Her mother was a pianist and

began Lorraine's instruction on that instrument. Her brother was a

trumpeter, and Miss Bowman learned that instrument. She also learned

how to play the clarinet and the baritone horn, as well as to become so proficient in the art of the violin that she was concert mistress in the

Provo High Schol orchestra. She

has since mastered the viola, which she plays in the Utah Symphony. I nstall your RyLock Window Screens

NOW... beforeiiilii<IIIIHMIIhHM'Hl'the Bugs# Come!

Spring will soon be here... with bugs! End your

screen problems with Modern RyLocks. So

simple... So convenient... So easy to live with.

EASY TO INSTALL... from inside the room, with just a screwdriver, in

just a few minutes. No hardware on the sili to catch dirt.

EASY TO OPERATE... with the fingertips. Lift two levers and screen

hangs free—for window washing, watering of window boxes. Press the

Lorraine Bowman levers back and the screen locks tight and bugproof.

After graduating from Brigham EASY TO LIVE WITH... RyLock Screens never need painting. May be

Young University, Miss Bowman taken down in five seconds for storage... put up again in a flash.

commenced teaching at Horace Mann They're a/ways tight. They last for years.

Junior High School in Salt Lake City. EASY TO LOOK AT... Every RyLock, the model for double hung,

She later was transferred to Bryant wood or metal casements is a streamlined beauty, adding distinction to the appearance of your home.

Junior High and began the choral... With all their superior features RyLock Windowwork for which she has become noted. EASY TO BUY

Screens are actually cheaper than oldfashioned framed screens! See

She commenced her work at East them today at your dealer's.

High School as director of the band, orchestra, and glee clubs; but cur- 3 Million RyLock Screens Protect Western Homes

rently her work is with vocal music, Ask for Booklet about the Complete RyLock line.

with the exception of a violin sextet which she directs.

Turn to the Yellow Pages of your

Miss Bowman's work in the Church telephone book under "ScreensWin- has been largely in the Mutual. She dow"for name of nearest dealer.

has served as a Y.W.M.I.A. counselor 2485If not yetWashingtonlisted write theAvenue,FactorySan...

California, Southern or in the Wasatch Ward Mutual and Leandro, York WINDOW SCREENS California Factory Office, 6177 as Y.W.M.I.A. music director of the Boulevard, Los Angeles, California.

Yalecrest Ward since 1947. She has

been assigned to the music committee Manufactured under RYLOCK patents and sold east of the Rockies by the New York Wire Cloth Company under the name "DURALL."

of the general board. RYLOCK COMPANY LTD. 2485 Washington ave. san leandro, calif.

APRIL 1953 213 Ancient Temples and Their Uses

To Assure Maximum Heating Efficiency Here are some of the reconstructed temples and their furnishings that Dr.

and Smokeless Operation Sidney B. Sperry, professor of Old Testament Languages and Literature at Brigham

BUILD YoungbeginningUniversity,on page writes230. about in his article "Ancient Temples and their Uses"

YOUR FIREPLACE around

-The cAO/>WaiHeat Circulating Fireplace

HEATFORM air chambers (which surround the firebox and dome) capture and circulate to all parts of the room, and even into adjoining rooms, heat lost up the chimney by the ordinary fireplace. HEATFORM is a perfect guide (hearth to

flue) around which the masonry walls are easily built. It avoids faulty construction, often resulting in smokey fireplaces. HEATFORM fireplaces

cost but little more, because the unit (consisting of the firebox, throat, dome and damper) replaces some materials and labor necessary to build the oldfashioned fireplace.

The "Molten Sea"of Solomon's Temple. HowlandGarber reconstruction.

The above fireplace is built around Model "A"unit. Side coolair inlets

and front warmair outlet were used for greater heating efficiency and economy of installation.

Side warmair outlets may be used, if preferred.

HEATFORM Model "A"

The above modern corner fireplace built The HowlandGarber reconstruction of Solomon's Temple.

around Model "S"affords view of fire from front and either side. If

you prefer view of fire from front and both sides, use Model "M".

HEATFORM Model "S'Custombuilt Screens and Fuel Grates are available for all models and sizes.

Write /or FREE 8-page folder and dealer nearest you—OR ENCLOSE

50c for (Tl"x9") 36page Book of 50 beautiful interiors and fireplace designs selected from our National Prize Photo

Contest.

SUPERIOR FIREPLACE CO.

Dept. IE 531 Dept. IE 531

1708 E. 15th St. 601 North Point Rd.

Los Angeles 21, Calif. Baltimore 6, Maryland

A side view of the interior of Solomon's Temple. HowlandGarber reconstruction.

214 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Confterence Specials on HEALTH APPLIANCES and STAINLESS STEEL UTENSILS You are cordially invited to visit our SPECIAL DISPLAY ROOM - NUMBER C-42 on the mezzanine of the HOTEL UTAH

April 3rd to 6th Only—Hours 8:00 a.m. to 8:00 p.m.

You will see there appliances and utensils of the highest quality at unusually low prices... equipment to help you protect or regain your

health.

Grind Your Own Flour Sweden Speed Juicer "World's Finest Juicer"Cross section model of the Temple of With a Fast, Simple, Efficient. No Peeling or Corthe Cross, Palenque, Chiapas. PRECISION ing. No plunger required. Attractive,

ELECTRIC VitaminsDurable andthe NATURALEasy tc Way.Clean. Get Your

FLOUR MILL

Grinds flour, corn, rye; coarse, medium, fine and very fine.

One Year

Warranty

m 1/3 H.P. MOTORHeavy-duty Mill

Temple of Kukulcan (Quetzalcoatl) Weight—90 lbs.—$95.00 Fu"y guaranteed for 1 year

Chichen Itza, Yucatan. Also larger mills—up to 3 h.p. Only $89.50

Freight Paid if Prepaid—Add Salesi Tax

CONFERENCE GIFT Given FREE with order of Sweden Juicer or Flour Mill 13 Quart Stainless Steel Mixing Bowl 2 or 3 Quart Stainless Steel Water Pitcher Qfs.

jjMffipIP (Please check choice if writing in)..Liquefiesr. \j 1& i'jlf11 This offer good only during month of April

. '.....:. Blends;|| ACCEPT NO SUBSTITUTE

Mixes 'Q The original liquefier and blender.

base. container With detachable } ":"""''',:.-K'". Grinds

Fully guaranteed. Seal. UnderGood Housekeeping ("""Sry *zSm[ *''

beats writer's Approved.

''J0SWk;; '."-;:;

Enclorsec, HAUSER famous Used and GAYELORD b y <SHilHb.:. * 11!: 'j PulveriZPS / at

expert. diet f columnist, author and 4B, List Conference *t\ Purees WmWf* reconstruction, the of Drawing Temple Price Special '/ Itza, Yucatan.Warriors, Chichen Grates/-> 10-C OSTERIZER, $44.95 Model *&FSp Chrome $35.95 llSfW

fl*tS,tCU White Enamel OSTERiZER, Model 10EW 39.95 31.95

STAINLESS STEEL UTENSIL SPECIALS

Retail Price Conference Special Complete Set of Waterless, Lifetime Heavy Duty Cookware—Set of Lifetime Stainless Steel Tableware Included. $149-$169. 50 $99.95

4-Piece Refrigerator Set $ 12.95 $10.95

3-Piece Mixing Bowl Set—3/4, IV2, and 3 Qts., Heavy Duty $ 8.95 $ 6.95

13Quart Mixing Bowl—for mixing large batters, wholewheat bread, etc S 10.00 $ 7.95

Water Pitcher, Straight Sided 2-Quart $ 7.95 $ 5.95

3-Quart $ 8.95 $ 6.95

Creamer with Hinged Cover10-Oz $ 8.95 $ 6.95

O Sugar Bowl and Cover—7V2Oz $ 5.95 $ 3.95

Tableware with Sugar Shell and Butter Knife—Serrated

Edges on KnivesLifetime $ 9.95 $ 7.95

ADDITIONAL CONFERENCE GIFT given free to every family that visits our display room in the Hotel Utah during Conference. A special booklet telling the proper use of

whole grains in family meals. Recipes on whole wheat bread, cereals,

rolls, muffins, waffles and main dishes.

A temple at Rio Bee, Yucatan. MAIL ORDERSNo C.O.D.'sFILLED—ATPostageABOVEPrepaidPRICES—AddDURINGSales APRILTax ONLY

All inquiries promptly answered

Note: The above four photographs are

used by courtesy of M. Wells Jakeman. HEALTH lefthandPhotographs on page are used by 230 WEST 1ST NORTH APPLIANCE COMPANYLOGAN, UTAH

E.courtesy of Mr. G. Howland.

APRIL 1953 215

the Church moves on Events A Day To Day Chronology Of Church

dedifirst O. McKay David President counselor, as president sustained of 2 2 January 1953

of the San Mateo the chapel cated Stake, sucPocatello the (Idaho) West 9 FJ Layton Stake, the 203rd in the ceeding the late President Twayne Ward, Palo Alto (California) Stake.

Church, was organized from porAustin. Elder Calvin D. McOmber, Jr., Elder Harold B. Lee of the Council

tions of the North Davis (Utah) Stake. formerly second counselor sustained as of the Twelve dedicated the chapel of

The new stake, with a membership of first counselor, and Elder Vernal H. the Bennion Ward, North Jordan (Salt

4782, includes the Layton First, SecWardle sustained as second counselor. Lake County) Stake.

ond, Third and Fourth, and Sahara Idaho Falls Fourteenth Ward, Idaho Elder LeGrand Richards of the CounVillage wards. Elder I. Haven BarFalls (Idaho) Stake, formed from porcil of the Twelve dedicated the chapel

low, formerly bishop of Layton Second tions of Idaho Falls Ninth Ward, with of the Monticello Ward, San Juan

Ward, was sustained as stake president, Elder Rex A. Ottley sustained as bishop. (Utah) Stake.

with Elder John Milton Park, formerly Newly sustained bishop of the Ninth is Romrell. A. Elder Milton first Ward of asbishop Fourth Layton Ward, allChurch Men annual M 24 Thecounselor, and Elder George Benjamin at opened flood in basketball tournament the storm and Following 2 of clerk formerlyWilcox, Davis North at the First at Pres11:00 the a.m. and Netherlands, the Deseret Gym

asStake, counselor. second Remaining of University this of field Utah the from received house cablegram idency

in the North Davis Stake, with a memPresident Donovan H. Van Dam: "All at noon. Colorful exercises were prebership of 5218, are the Clearfield First missionaries laboring in Holland are sented at the field house at 8:00 p.m.

and Second, Anchorage, Syracuse, West safe."For the first time this year, twentyPoint, wards. Sunset Elder and George for participatappeal are monthlong eight annual teams The Men M of formerlySmith bishop Haslam, S. PriSalt L. D. for the fiveday tournament. pennies the birthday ing in

FirstClearfield sustained Ward, was hospital launched. Girls the sponsoring Children's was Gleaner City Lake as mary

president, Elder with Keith Stoker were: RobManwaring, teams Joan Joan

f) ofSmith, formerly of the the North Davis Richards LeGrand Elder Dixie Pearson, Weight, bins, Kathie

Stake council, high Elder and dedicated Harvey of the Twelve Council Betty Nelson, Reath, AnMarilyn Rae Broadbent, formerly superintendentM. Grant of the chapel remodeled the Messinger, Sharp, nette Launa Jeanof the Y.M.M.I.A., as his counselors. Stake. (Idaho) Rigby Ward, Sheffield, Alberta ClayCharlotte Lone,President George his Harold Holt and

counselors, Elders Amos Roy Cook and fi The First Presidency received word ton, Joyce Werrett, Judy Nelson, Mary

Calvin D. Corbridge, of the old North that no lives of Church members Dawn Bailey, Lenore Hall, Charlotte

Davis Stake were released. Elders were lost in the flood in the NetherHawkins, Lillian Carlisle, Valaine

Spencer W. Kimball and Mark E. lands. The Red Cross has been offered Pack, Jean Ammott, Carol Jacobsen,

Petersen of the Council of the Twelve the use of all Church of Jesus Christ of Barbara Nelson, Mardean Rippon, Donwere in charge of the organization and Latterday Saint buildings there for na Gordon, Jerry Clawson, and Barbara reorganization of the stakes. their use. Boyer.

as folof today's Scores were games L. Elder El Christiansen, AsRay announced First Presidency 7 The lows:sistant to of the the Council Twelve, Elder of John appointment the First 43. 32; Fork Spanish Mantuadedicated of the chapel the Tracy of the Tapresident as Orton Kenneth

Salt City 38; Aurora Lake Twenty- (California) Stake.Ward, San Joaquin Othello Elder succeeding Mission, hitian

47. sixth as actserving has been Pierce, P. who of appointment Lorraine The

Fifth 51; Blanding 37. Logan since the mission of the president ing of to the general board Bowman

the Young Women's Mutual Improverelease of President LeRoy R. Mallory. Gooding 32; Edgehill (Salt Lake City)

ment Association was announced. President Orton, whose home is in 55.

The appointments of Mrs. Ada B. Phoenix, Arizona, filled a mission in Reno 57; Mt. Emmons 42.

Maxfield, Mrs. Vauna S. Jacobsen, and Tahiti from 1924 to 1927. For nine Mesa Tenth 53; East Midvale 44.

Mrs. Leone W. Doxey to the general years he served as business manager of Park 55; Sugar City 39.

board of the Primary Association were The Improvement Era. Redondo Beach 57; Murray Third 27.

announced. Logan College Hill 56; St. Anthony hundredth anone the was j /J. This 39. groundbreaking of the niversary

February 1953 for the construction of the Salt Lake Brigham City Fourth 53; Salt Lake

51. City Seventeenth Temple.

of the B. Lee Harold CounHill Spring 30; Salt Lake City Thirty- 1 cilElderof Oratorio on the dedicated Robertson's the Twelve J. third 50. [ $ Leroy

its given chapel,remodeled Twentyfifth of Ward Mormon was the Book

Pioneer (Salt Lake City) Stake. premiere performance in the Salt Lake Rockville 39; Fairmont 64.

Elder Clarence Neeley, formerly secTabernacle. Washington, D. C, bye; Dublan, bye;

ond counselor in the Benson (Utah) Maywood, bye; Eugene, bye.

Stake presidency, sustained as president 9 1 Many wards held reunions this Committee in charge of this tournaof the stake, with Elders Cliff Wiser and weekend. It was announced that ment are Marvin J. Ashton, chairman,

Thilburn Russell Holt as his counselors. the number of wards in Salt Lake City and Clark N. Stohl; Jay DeGraff, Floyd

Released were President Merle G. Hyer had grown in 104 years from nineteen Millett, Gordon Owen, Dr. Richard

and his first counselor, Elder David O. to 198; the number of stakes in the Tanner, Will Gillespie, and Parry D.

Hendricks. area had increased from one to twentySorensen.

Elder Myron L. Western, formerly six. {Continued on page 268)

216 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Genealogical Supplies

Book.FAMior jyHe#*6**** QI0&whIJ*

Lettering extra heavyduty, or 2. for 300 sheets THEi. FAMILY YEARSTHROUGH OUR POST BINDER—Sturdy, replica plastic of Salt attractive embossed Temple more. Durable, Lake and maroon cfcQ O C f\r\ JO.XJ 3J.UVetc f\f leatherette cover. in gold cover. cordovan the on $5.25 postage and handling 25c (Add TJ,UUdro

when ordering by mail.) by mail Posttype binder holds 50 to 300 sheets. by mail

3. binder with an assortment of 100 $4.50 $4.75 assortment of Same sheets.BOOK OF REMEMBRANCEWith sheets. genealogical $ K25 $1.50 by mail

by mail Covers only ( when bought without sheets ) $.35 $.50

by mail Reference Books for Genealogical Work 4. THE WAY TO PERFECTION TO.

Elder Joseph Fielding Smith This book discusses the doctrinal principles Readings in L.D.S. Church History

Ik pmfi$i whichtemple arework.the foundation for genealogical$2.00and William E. Berrett and Alma P. Burton

&i Ban 5. PROGRESS OF MAN The first of a series of readings from the

Elder Joseph Fielding Smith best authenticated sources of Church pictures the historical author ceaseless The original material from The best struggle between culminating good and evil, in history.diaries, journals. valudocuments, and A restoration of the the Church. $2.50

library. able addition to every L.D.S.

FOR GENEALOGY 6. HANDBOOK

AND TEMPLE WORK $4.00

Here in simple, easyto-read form is a condensed compilation of facts and new scientific methods of genealogical research. $ 40

7. HANDY BOOK OF GENEALOGY 9. Voice of Israel's Prophets

Revised edition of this handy reference work. Dr. Sidney B. Sperry

$1.25 8. GUIDE FOR GENEALOGICAL RESEARCH Well remembered for his book Twelve

Archibald Bennett Minor Prophets, published in 1939, Dr.

Authoritative information on the most modern in his amplifies Sperry here that theme research. methods of genealogical

of study prophets of the major $2.00 newest

11. THE HOLY GHOST are the Told here the Old Testament. Oscar W. McConkie words and enlightening and this handy, In onevolume book are the various interesting

sources of authority on the Holy Ghost. $3.50 works of these great prophets. $3.50

Teaching Aids for Sunday and Primary Teachers

MAPS OTHER MAPS AND PICTURE CARDS

24. Chronology of the

of Book COKESBURY COLORED Mormon MAPS FLANNEL $3.00 COLORED each $1.50 15'/2x75"22x27"PICT-O-GRAPHS 13. Palestine Testament New of Book Mormon $1.25 each Palestine 14. Testament Old 25.Geography $1.50

30x34"Outline 32. Birth and Childhood of

26. Colored Paper LINEN PEERLESS COLORED Jesus lc1"each 33. Fisher of Men $.60 each 18x27"Assorted Colors—8V2xl

34. Great Physician15. Palestine Testament New

27. Railroad Board 45c dozen 16. Palestine Testament Old Forgiving Christ per $3.25 100 35. 17. Bible Testament Lands—Old

36. Crucifixion and Assorted Colors—9x12"18. Paul's Travels

Resurrection 28. Religious Coloring

Books 15c each 37. Creation

EILERS LINEN COLORED 38. Daniel 29. Bible Testament New MAPS

Pictures $1.50 per set $1.75 37x55"each

periods of 4 different 19. Palestine Testament New

Christ's 18x22"Life20. Palestine Testament Old

21. Travels Pictures of Paul 30. New Testament

22. Exodus 2 for 5c or 25c dozen Please send the following circled items:

Small Colored Pictures 1 2 3 4 5 67 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 23. Church History Map $2.50 3 1/8x3 5/8"20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 32 33 34 35 36 37 38

52x28"31. Finger Play Books... $.50 each for which I enclose check or money order for

Name... I Descrct II Booh Co. CityAddress State

44 Fast South Temple - Salt Lake City. Utah Please include postage as indicated in ad.

APRIL 1953 217 J:

*}l we neac& t&e moat today

detail, you will know all about it—instantly—in

seconds after word is flashed to Earth's listening posts.

KSL Radio brings you the news as it happens! Fast!

Accurate! Complete!

Radio is. the only means of communication that

has kept pace, that has rocketed along with our scientific progress. Only by radio can you get eyewitness

onthe-scene accounts of outstanding events of the world at the instant they happen. Whether the action is

w* on a mountaintop halfway around the world or miles underground, in the heart of a glittering American city or in a crater of the moon, only radio can bring you the news as it happens.

And in the Mountain West, only KSL Radio has the complete, worldwide newsgathering facilities of CBS

Radio, United Press and Associated Press.

One of KSL Radio's four newscasters is standing by at jail times to relay to you the.

(important happenings of the m> m\ Iworld.-1 KSL Radio broadcasts 15

regular newscasts per day to keep you informed.

John Barlow

Rex Campbell

218 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA And verily I say unto you, let this house be built unto my name, that I may reveal mine ordinances therein unto my people

DOCTRINE & COVENANTS 124:40

APRIL 1953 219 DARK APRIL By Beverly Boone

hills. left the has grasp winter's Cold

seek and hide play at zephyrs Soft

All through the grass. Your garden is

Resplendent with new daffodils.

It's spring, Diane, or did you know

RABBONI SPRING Dark April's clouds are bursting with

In Rock Creek Cemetery, Washington, D. C. By Catherine E. Berry Imprisoned drops of silver rain?

came—but it was slow. By Gladys Stewart Bennion This is the gusty time of the year, The season

Spring. is released by wind the When wing leaden it on sought she come Him in should anguish with WhyWilted roars, it leaps tiger, and restless a Like heart cumbrous your to cheer late Too the tomb fling; wild itself a mad, Having eyes. springstarved to hope bring new velvet bloom Or day, April whenThat door, the shakes rattles windows, It the spring? they have are, Dear, do you flowers Where astonished paleOf ground; the to trees the young bends And distant bowers for griefsWhitened it then and chimney, the It howls down

mystery.With blows

BED the FLOWER around! EMPTY house—around, not there, within that shadowed AroundHe was gusty month; a lusty, March is E. Black prison; By Theresa

is a fling. a tiger on wind The risen; her King had Lord, Son, herHer

clear, and It wide pathway, a sweeps of hope. edge the stood she uponFalteringly

of footsteps greenjeweled the For grope longer no Spring. InItsApriltonguethe hadeartha washardso crustythirstycoat.She need

For understanding. I fed it dry seeds of bright flowers,

its parched SPRING down ENGLAND them rains washed NEW And narrow death's past pushed eternal Life had throat. Alletta Chaffee Eleanor By

cell, package. the it seeds by I more fed

well! all risen, was and had Son Her her bed, flower gently I from nice a waking wanted England's purifying faith's sharp loyalty, New and Love, is I soil that tended emptythe But sleep,

fire instead. trash heap the in plants are a song, There careless, with April, like young Not desire soul manifest man's made now Had all the still, deep and winter wearing But immortality. For winterstores up darkness that Wisdom

EASTER ONCE MORE In luminouslong. barn windows gray light draws, IF SPRING IS IN YOUR HEART

By Iris W. Schow A frosty outline where late snows were laid. By Zara Sabin

little cause with whistles now farmer to The begins black the twice; crows cock stems darkling bright on of the shade shrinking sees the that he SaveThe Bravely

fail; swelling eyes are His house. buds the Lilac lantern his and Between unfold; the against day closed shutters The promise of weather points swinging the Polished for a moment Scan

of cold pall sky; the eastern floods the Dawn be. to soon beauty Of vane

prevail. rays land; Is lifted the warm from skies early against window press gold from with tipped my They Already

pale, lily that a was silent bud The stain. telling like if a be earthward seeps would they indigo As Whose

its hold; softly loosed sepulcher, has Sealed first lark's springtime the the of in Secrets wakes, and England New of gold, cloth in clothed stands Its occupant else but me. one flight no To

is frail. stone that recalls again earth While chill long, of her silence off the Shakes

whisper, they not,""It matters night. last that of hours the so anguished And lie; the snows now deep "How night,

gather, clouds the storm dark IN SOUL How SPRING MY thinlipped the sneering, scoffs, and the The sky. is the slate gray How Egbert Bennett Lydia scorn, By springtime a be will always There spite, justice by of swayed travesty The start teardrops the though Even thorn, skies the shadowed were with crowning brutal final, when The Tdday winter the fear not need You light, living overcast, out blotted are by heart was and Fade And my heart."is your in If spring of Easter morn. blaze yearning radiant the weary, in soul was Lost And my

MEMORANDUM ToI ventureddispel longfromwinter'smy cottageblast, need, neighbor's a sought And DAFFODILS Frances Rodman By willing hands lips and smiling With Romolo Gene By deed. friendly April; past at a halfPerformed me Call skies brighter to eyes I raised time, is witching the my That of brown, coverings uncomely etween goal, for set pink love with syllables tipped my And emerald When whisperspring's until lie asleep They flooded through sunshine my heart B Then rhyme; new, a out Spell new

ings soul. in spring was my apple bough And the topmost on When chilling winter's the earth, Dispel, from song throat makes thrush's A frown; share—must two the of thought we Out MIRACLE sings, aria throat an feathered ere one And long!"it will be not "Now butterflies first like Young Probst Sylvia fully wakened, By They,

unfold from buds wings, fulgent Unfurling April; halfpast Call me at

arise and beauty petaled A fragrant, a trice. ou must come back, for spring is here the door in I'll open

gold. of chaliced loveliness In fullblown again; I that the know when Oh, time has come Y

fulfils so perfectly other bloom Here twice, whistle in these woods that were so white and No to You'll not have

For I have an understanding cold, The spirit of the spring as daffodils.

With April, to meet her where The gentle clouds of April scatter rain,

She stands with the morning in her eyes, And daffodils are raising heads of gold;

to greet leafing arms lift their willows And sunlight on her hair. The

sing and SONG that birds and winds Returning

BENEDICTION sigh; By Elaine V. Emans

feet. beneath is velvet green grass my The Ireland Thelma By returned house a than lovely is that why miracle This More is spring—and

disarray after order of heart you the To because return will overhead, threatening clouds You war With prey easy long too an will here be Is these in waking alarm, grave in world The woods—you learned has which worry all and the world ToIs a fearmind springtime when morn Some fear within doubt and my heart, With

is new, I farm. to the out go

cease ability to the last dear. At beside me, again my walk nests; O To build I birds trusting the watch tormenter sly either Allowing sod I fresh turned the smell enter. boldly latch lift the and song, robin's start To a with days the I when And trees. fruit know Then blooming And peace. a mind at match can long. Nothing quite so never seems time waiting The of God. permanence The THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 220

As Youth

Looks

Toward Marriage

by President David O. McKay

|UR home joys,"says Pestalozzi, "are the twentyfive years of age. Considering the cirmost delightful earth affords and the joy cumstances under which it was given, we find

of parents in their children is the most in it another example among hundreds of holy joy of humanity. It makes their hearts others corroborative of the fact that he was inpure and good; it lifts them up to their Father spired of the Lord.

in heaven."Such joys are within the reach Although there is evidence that some people

of most men and women if high ideals of marhave looked upon the marriage ceremony as riage and home be properly fostered and continuing after death, yet, generally, the cherished. ceremony is valid only "until death do us part."

It is said that the best and noblest lives Joseph the Seer, grasping the eternal nature are those which are set toward high ideals. of love as the most divine attribute of the huTruly no higher ideal regarding marriage man soul, as an everlasting attribute of the spircan be cherished by young people than to look it, revealed the eternity of the marriage coveupon it as a divine institution. In the minds of nant, a doctrine so beautiful, so logical, so

the young such a standard is a protection to farreaching in its significance that if it were them in courtship, an everpresent influence inadopted in its entirety, many of the present evils ducing them to refrain from doing anything of society might be abolished.

which may prevent their going to the temple to And yet, if I mistake not the signs of the have their love consummated in an enduring times, the sacredness of the marriage covenant and eternal union. It will lead them to seek diis dangerously threatened. There are too many

vine guidance in the selecting of their companthoughtless, hasty marriages entered into withions, upon the wise choice of whom their life's out enough time taken to consider the temporal happiness here and hereafter is largely deor eternal consequences. There are too many

pendent. places where the marriage ceremony may be

The exalted view of marriage as held by performed at any hour of the day or night license this Church is given expressly in five words without any previous arrangement—the

found in the fifteenth verse of the fortyninth issued and the ceremony performed while the section of the Doctrine and Covenants, "Marcouple waits. Such marriages too often end

riage is ordained of God."That revelation was in disappointment and sorrow; and, oh, how

given in 1831 when Joseph Smith was only far they fall below the true ideal! As far as

{Concluded on following page) 2EditorsPage

APRIL 1953 221 THE EDITOR'S PAGE

(Concluded from preceding page) who I know offered her life that I might have lies within our power, we must warn young being. When we meet these personalities in

couples against secret and hasty marriages. the eternal realm, we shall recognize them and

I mention these things not in the spirit of know them because of these experiences in this pessimism nor as a crier of impending calamity, life. And the union of loving hearts will be

but with the desire to call attention to the perpetuated after life. That is why we are

necessity of our maintaining the high standard It married—sealed—for time and eternity.

of marriage set forth in the revelations of the is not a mere dogma of the Church—it is the

Lord. part of wisdom to choose the house of the Lord

The eternity of the marriage covenant is a in which to plight your love and to consecrate glorious revelation, giving assurance to hearts your vows.

bound by the golden clasp of love and sealed Let me give you a glimpse of the significance by authority of the Holy Priesthood, that their of such a marriage. The bridegroom kneeling

union is eternal. at the altar has in his heart the dearest posTemple marriage is basically appealing; it is session that a husband can cherish—the assurscientifically sound; and any young man who ance that she who places her hand in his, in

takes his sweetheart to a temple should go confidence, in marriage, is as pure as a sunfallen there with the understanding that their union beam—as spotless as the snow newly

is to be just as eternal as the love that has from the sky. He has the assurance that in

brought them to the altar. Some may question her purity and sweetness she typifies divine

it. But let's look at the principle of it. motherhood. Now, young man, is not that

complete faith and confidence worth everyWill you name for me in your minds the thing else in the world?

It of soul? attribute divine the most human

is the equally the assurance sublime And girls, is not be careful not to sympathy. (And

girl loves, to she has that young the man whom is misled True, be sympathy. sympathy by

to her herself with in marriage, gives comes she next to love, but it is not love.) Love is the that same purity and strength of character

most divine attribute of the human soul, and which she brings to him. Such a union will

if you accept the immortality of the soul, that indeed be a marriage ordained of God for the is, if you believe that personality persists after glory of his creation.

death, then you must believe that love also young Young would men and who women lives lives. Is that not sound? And I ask you this: live the happiest to prepare do well would

Whom shall we love when we recognize those themselves to be worthy of that form of marpersonalities in the next world? riage which God has ordained—the union of

True, we are admonished to love every- a man and woman worthy to have their marbody. Yes, we should love everybody now; riage consummated in the temple of the Most

but you and I know that we love those whom High.

we know best. I love her whom I have seen This is your heritage, youth, as you contemsacrifice her life for the little loved ones—her plate an eternal partnership; and I pray that

by whose side I have sat and together prayed you may realize it and find the true joy and for an afflicted darling! I shall love my mother happiness of such a cherished ideal.

L.D.S. Temple at Hawaii.

222 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA One hundred years have passed since the laying of the cornerstones of

THE SALT LAKE TEMPLE hy Joseph Fielding Smith PRESIDENT OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

Jpril 6, 1953, will commemorate one hundred years with the pattern given by the Prophet Joseph Smith, and 'since the laying of the cornerstones of the Salt Lake President Young gave the oration saying:

1 Temple. This was a solemn occasion, for the memWe dedicate the southeast cornerstone of the temple to the

bers of the Church understood the significance of temples Most High God. May it remain in place till it has done its work,

fulfil prophecies the to hearts inspired our has until he who and performed to be ordinances of the nature the eternaland of reared should be that the Lord prophets, the house of his holy their homes driven from been hadin them. The Saints it is satisfied, shall say and be of the mountains""tops the in

after erecting a sacred temple to the name of the Lord in enough.

which the ordinances of exaltation belong, and they longed for the time to come when another house of the President Heber C. Kimball offered the prayer of dedLord should stand in which they could go and receive ication at this stone, and the assembly then gathered at

these sacred blessings. the southwest cornerstone, which was laid by the Preoration the Bishopric, Bishop followed siding by by

of temple a building the journey westward the During of dedication Bishop prayer a by Hunter and Edward of 28, evening the July discussed. frequentlywas On cornerstone northwest was the Alfred Cordon. Then of the with some Young, President Brigham 1847,

priests, President of laid the high presidency the and by clerk, from walked Bullock, the Apostles and Thomas oration. Elder the of delivered that quorum Young John

site for the to chosen the Valley in Salt Lake the camp of dedication. offered prayer the B. The Wallace George

his raised and hands President Young temple. There

laid Council cornerstone, the last, or northeast by was city the for temple, a is and acres* forty said: the "Here

P. delivered Pratt Parley Elder Apostles. of the Twelve east south, north square and perfectly laid out be can offered of dedication prayer oration, the by was and the

for in 1853, February broken was west."Ground and

the foundation, and on the morning of April 6, 1853, Elder Orson Hyde.

several thousand members of the Church assembled At the afternoon services President Brigham Young made the following remarks: where President Young made some preliminary remarks

after which the General Authorities and other officials I scarcely ever say much about revelations, or visions, but suftook their places around the foundation, and the cerefice it to say, five years ago last July [1847], I was here and saw monies proceeded as follows: chiefin the cornerstone.spirit the templeI havenot notten feetinquiredfrom whatwhere kindwe haveof a laidtemplethe

The First Presidency with the Patriarch, John Smith, we should build. Why? Because it was represented before me,

laid the first, or southeast cornerstone, in accordance I never looked upon that ground, but the vision of it was there. I

see it as plainly as if it was in reality before me. Wait until it

*Later the size of the site was reduced to ten acres. (Continued on following page)

Workers chiseling the stone for the Salt Lake Temple in Little Crowd assembled at the laying of the capstone of the Salt

Cottonwood Canyon. Lake Temple.

APRIL 1953 223 lllllilflHB The Salt Lake Temple

(Continued from preceding page) is done. I will say, however, that it will have six towers, to begin

with, instead of one. Now do not any of you apostatize because

it will have six towers, and Joseph only built one. It is easier for

us to build sixteen, than it was for him to build one. The time

will come when there will be one in the center of temples we shall build, and on the top groves and fish ponds.

Robert D. Young,

President of the Salt As a boy I used to go up to the temple block and watch

Lake Temple. the men carving the hard granite stones and raise and

place each in its chosen spot, and to me this was indeed a slow process. In my boyhood anxiety I wondered if

I would live to see the temple finished. I also frequently

visited the blacksmith shop farther up the street on North

Temple where the tools were sharpened. In the summers much of my time was spent in Little Cottonwood

Canyon, and there I watched the men digging and blasting the great granite blocks and preparing them for delivery to the temple. I can remember the days of the

ox teams and how they tugged with their heavy loads, and how at intervals down the canyon road roughcut blocks had skidded from the wagons and were lost. As

I grew, my patience became more reasonable, and I saw the grand edifice rise stone upon stone until all were laid perfectly in their places, and the building was ready for dedication.

It was my privilege to be present in April 1892, at the ceremonies of the laying of the capstone.

Salt Lake Temple site, in 1865. In the general assembly in the Tabernacle, President

Lorenzo Snow of the Council of the Twelve explained to the congregation the order of the ceremony to be held at the laying of the stone and taught the assembled Saints how to proceed with the Hosannah Shout. After remarks

by President Wilford Woodruff the congregation proceeded to the southwest corner of the temple where a platform for the General Authorities had been built.

After appropriate exercises, President Woodruff pushed an electric button, and the capstone was laid. Then

followed the Hosannah Shout. Elder Francis M.

Lyman of the Council of the Twelve moved that efforts be made to finish the temple so that it could be dedicated on April 6, 1893. This motion was received with enthusiasm by the vast assembly of about forty thousand.

On April 6, 1893 the temple was ready for dedication.

President Wilford Woodruff offered the dedicatory prayer which was followed by the Hosannah Shout led by PresSalt Lake Temple under construction. ident Lorenzo Snow. These services were repeated

almost daily until April 24. Thirtyone meetings were

held, and a total of seventyfive thousand people had the privilege of attending. As a young man holding the

Aaronic Priesthood, it was my privilege to be present at the opening session. With others holding the Aaronic

Priesthood I had a place in the gallery on the north side of the assembly room. I was greatly impressed with

the wonderful spirit of these exercises and have looked back to that day many times with deep feelings of satisfaction.

Tuesday, May 23, 1893, the temple was opened for ordinance work under the direction of the First Presidency, Wilford Woodruff, George Q. Cannon, and Joseph

F. Smith, and the great wish of President Brigham Young

had been fulfilled. This, of course, was not the first

temple in Utah to be erected, but it was the one above

Photograph of Temple Square taken about 1890. (Continued on page 294)

224 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "A history in stone of the people who built it"may he said of

THE LOS ANGELES TEMPLE

by Edward O. Anderson

CHURCH ARCHITECT

dream of many years is being work. One of the first things we did

realized—a Latterday Saint when we visited the site was to gather

Temple is taking form in Los in a group to offer a prayer to the

Angeles. Work is running well Lord for help in this great work.

ahead of schedule. Forms are being Arthur Price, architect from the Prebuilt, reinforcing steel is being placed, siding Bishop's office, was with us as

and concrete is being poured. Early adviser, and Hyrum C. Pope who has

in February, crews started pouring since passed away; John Fetzer,

the concrete for the ground floor. Georgius Y. Cannon, Ramm Hansen,

It was a great day last summer Lorenzo S. Young, and the writer

when power equipment started the comprised the board. This was only

excavation. Since the temple is being a short time after President Heber

Grant had announced on March 6, built on very hard ground, shovels J.

operated by compressed air are re1937, that a temple site on Santa quired to trim up the trenches. Monica Boulevard, near Westwood,

consisting of over twentyfour acres

The former board of temple archihad been purchased by the Church tects, of which the writer was a memfrom Harold Lloyd, of motion picber, started making sketches back in ture fame.

1937. We were very sincere in our (Continued on following page)

President David O. McKay at the

groundbreaking ceremonies, as he removed the first shovelful of dirt for the

Los Angeles Temple, September 1951. Laying steel and building forms for the baptismal font. Note the depth of excavating.

APRIL 1953 225 The los Angeles Temple

(Continued from preceding page)

Sketches were made and plans were prepared for a temple to accommodate a company of two hundred persons. Before the plans were fully completed, however, World War II stopped the work. After the

war, zoning problems caused further delays. In January of 1949 the First Presidency asked the writer to

prepare drawings for a larger temple, one to accommodate a company of three hundred persons, equal to the Salt Lake Temple in size, and to add an assembly room on the top floor. This is the first of the temples

to be provided with the upper assembly room since the

Salt Lake Temple was built.

In the meanwhile, legal details were cleared and

Pouring cement with huge crane, and girders placed. government approval of the undertaking was obtained.

In addition to the temple, the project consists of a mission home now under construction, a bureau of information, a heating plant to be started soon, and the recently completed Westwood Ward chapel.

A complete set of plans, with all details and specifications, had to be submitted to the Los Angeles building department before the building permit was issued. In

the meeting with the Los Angeles building officials, it was necessary to explain the function of the temple.

When these men realized the importance of the temple and reviewed the record of Latterday Saints living in

California, they said they would be glad to have a

Latterday Saint temple in Los Angeles, and helped in every way to obtain the necessary permits.

The actual building of the temple is carried on in a very efficient, systematic manner. Details of construction are taken up first with the architect by the head

foreman, Elder Severne D. Loder; the project engineer,

Elder Virge M. Butler; and the construction supervisor,

Elder Soren N. Jacobsen. Drawings are made for the

concrete forms in the shop drafting room on the site;

shop drawings of subcontractors and of all manuPlacing forms before pouring the cement. factured items are checked by the architect; they are

then rechecked with the foreman and the project engineer. When finally approved, they are sent to the

subcontractors and to the manufacturers for fabrication.

Only the best materials are being used in the construction of the temple. The concrete is being mixed

right on the site to insure the quality of the mix highest quality sand and gravel having been obtained and blended with the right amount of water. An admixture has been included to dampproof the concrete

and make the mix more workable. In addition, as

the concrete enters the forms, it is vibrated by a power machine to distribute the concrete to all parts of the forms and around the steel.

The exterior foundation walls of reinforced concrete will be faced with a base of granite veneer two and onehalf inches thick, attached to the foundation with anchors set in the concrete. The exterior walls, also

of reinformed concrete, will be faced with a two and onefourth inch thick slab of reinforced highstrength concrete of quartz chips and white Portland cement.

Most of these slabs are eight feet wide and seven feet

Construction progress goes forward. Note the walls at left

where forms have been removed. high. The temple will be crowned with a statue of the

226 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Note depth of the structural steel columns. Forms have been Pouring the first floor.

removed from walls.

Angel Moroni of hammered copper coated with gold tect is brave enough to build without the direction of leaf. the Lord, who led the early leaders of our Church to

it not be Almost everyone who comes here agrees that this is build as the Tabernacle was built. Would

a choice site for a temple in Los Angeles. The first well to say that this Los Angeles Temple is 1953 archifloor of the temple will be about fifty feet above Santa tecture? It is influenced by the materials used and by

Monica Boulevard. The reflecting pool court enclosed the method of construction. It is built of concrete, a

within the protecting arms of the annex and the material which is flexible. It can be molded in any

promenade extending in front of this will be above all shape, and the surfaces can be pierced as often as necessurrounding immediate neighborhoods. On account sary without excessive cost. As the building grows, it

of this elevation and by careful planting, the grounds will take on or assume its character.

around the temple and extending as far north as the It has been said that a building, religious or public,

Westwood Ward can be isolated. With the elevation, is a history in stone of the people who built it. We

the setting, and with the mountains and ocean in view have been instructed by the General Authorities of in the background, we feel that a type of spiritual the Church to design and build a good building. The

isolation can be attained on these temple grounds much Los Angeles city building inspectors tell us it will be as though they were surrounded by a wall. one of the best, if not the best, buildings in the city.

will express the integrity, faith, Although it would be difficult to detect architectural We hope the temple and spirit of the L.D.S. people of today. influence of the South Pacific in the design for the

temple, I am sure that if one looked closely enough, the honest faith of the Polynesians could be found in the solid walls as, during the planning stages, the writer's heart was divided between two great loves: the love

of the temple work and the love of the work in the

South Pacific.

We believe the proper way to identify a building is not to explain its style of architecture but to point out its individuality and describe its character. We do

not speak of the style of the Tabernacle on Temple

Square in Salt Lake City. We admire its character.

We know, those of us who are acquainted with building principles, that it is a living testimony to the truthfulness of the restored gospel. No engineer, no archiBuilding the second story.

Working model of one of the approaches fronting on Santa Architect's model of the adjoining buildings: Bureau of InforMonica Boulevard. mation, Mission Home, heating plant, and utility building.

APRIL 1953 227 the Blessing The Beginning of

by Archibald F. Bennett

SECRETARY, GENEALOGICAL SOCIETY

|ur Lord and Savior came perlaid seventeen years later, on April 6,... what are we here for, this day? To

sonally to earth to introduce 1853. celebrate the birthday of our religion! To

temple work. His eyes were as On that historic day the minds of Highlay theGod,foundationso that whenof a templehis Son,to ourthe ElderMost

a flame of fire, and his countenance the Saints in the Salt Lake Valley Brother, shall again appear, he may have a shone above the brightness of the must have been reminiscent. With place where he can lay his head.... and

sun, in the Kirtland Temple, as his Wilford Woodruff they must have rethe temple, of which we have now laid voice declared: called that, on their first view of the thebeautysoutheastand grandeur,corner instone,a mannerwill andarisetimein

or connot hitherto you have valley, which known... rejoice. heads your and lift up

till templated. it remain in peace... May rejoice, hearts of the brethren your Let

its in it of pleasant thoughts until meditation ran work, has done and he who has rejoice, of hearts the people and let all my fulfil inspired to succession hearts at the through our the prophecies our minds this their built have, might, house rapid with who the his years anticipation that of holy Prophets, that of the hence the house not many... to name. my

established in the be should in "tops would of the be reared the Lord of God hearts tens of House the of thousands Yea and hills. exalted the shall say, above "It mountains and 2 mountains"be satisfied, and shall greatly rejoice in consethousands

quence of the blessings which shall be is enough."*

first 1847, 25, the sermon out, on with and poured July which The endowment to Clearly here be a temple was this in servants have been endowed my A. Smith, Elder George "a by was

of a mission importance. with supreme house. interesting discourse"the very on

of placing cornerstones the "The of this shall house spread the fame And of of in the building tops a temple this lands; is the to beginning foreign as and celebrated accomplished was an

mountains. remembered They 5 blessing shall be the poured out the which of triumph, though but a beginning."

1 of Isaiah. very first the words 3 The the upon heads of my people. mightier triumph when, It was a still

to city for building the planned new later, forty years Salt the Lake Temthis introduction, divine Following temple. the be was ple rejoicing of dedicated. the was The Elijah rethe prophet appeared and the actually work had comNow in Saints voiced dedicatory the was

sealing stored of the the powers menced. occasion The more was prayer President Wilford by Woodpriesthood, to the with authority turn momentous than uninspired any man ruff, 1893. April re- 6, prayer The

chilof hearts fathers to the the the realize. It could fulof a was day vealed of the twofold the nature misdren, fathers. to children the the and as filment well as the of beginning sion all of the temples temple—of direct of a these As consequence era. a President new Brigham Young for of blessing living the the the and

visitations April 3, the cor1836, on addressed the gathered throng. blessing livof dead. the the Truly

of Salt nerstone the Lake Temple was 2Cowley: Life of Wilford Woodruff, p. 313. iDiscourses

2:2-3. 1D. & C. 110:5-6, 9-10. 3Isaiah, "Talmage: Theof BrighamHouse ofYoung,the Lord,pp. 632,p. 640,139. 641.

Approximately sixteen million cards are now in these files Brigham Young University students reading microfilm on the of the index bureau. Here employees are checking so that temKodagraph machines. The Genealogical Office has about eighty

ple ordinances will not be duplicated. of these machines.

228 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Another busy department is the archives, Here Church memStudents of B.Y.U. checking their own genealogical lines in

bers have sent in their family group sheets. the library.

ing had great cause to rejoice. So all blessings—that of eternal life in Each year the number of published

also had the uncounted dead. At the celestial kingdom. In fervent genealogies increases. Compilers are

another session of the dedication servgratitude their hearts have turned to seeking to observe a higher standard ices President Woodruff announced: their children on earth, who have of accuracy and scholarship in their

remembered them in their hour of productions. About fifty thousand

There is a mighty work before this people. need. bound volumes of such genealogical

us. of are This eyes the dead upon The dedNew and choice generations of records are now in our library.

is of the Lord. eyes the ication in acceptable

The spirits on the other side rejoice far young folk are being born as children More marvelous yet, our microfilm more than we do, because they know more of the covenant, heirs to all the blesscollection of unpublished records of than we do of what lies before the great ings of the new and everlasting covethe past, from seventeen states of the work of God in this last dispensation.... nant, heirs to the priesthood and its Union and thirteen foreign countries,

the in midst of Son The of God stands that powers, the highly favored offspring is already of impressive magnitude.

spirits, teaches of celestial them and body their duties concerning the day in which of faithful men and women who have The Genealogical Society has filmed we live and the dedication of this temple, helped found and maintain the about 120,000,000 pages of these recand instructs them what they must do to Church in these latterdays—because ords, the equivalent of about 390,000

themselves qualify prepare with to go and the parents sealed married were and volumes. In this copying we have

.. * to the he comes. earth when him of in the temples according the Lord approximately used five thousand

to his pattern. miles of film.

of the centennial comOn this Countless are the earnest reOn every hand are increasing eviof Temple the Salt Lake mencement it is opportune to glance back and searchers of the world, raised up by dences of a widespread interest in anthe Lord to seek out and make availof the accomplishments, view some (Continued on page 292) able their genealogies—and ours. since research in ancestral that day,

and in temple service, in fulfilment of our great latterday mission.

Truly the hearts of tens of thousands and hundreds of thousands of the living have rejoiced because of the blessings and spiritual power poured out upon those who have gone to the Salt Lake Temple and other temples of the west within the last hundred years. The number is ever

increasing of those whose lives are hallowed by participation in sacred temple service. These have learned a

more devoted appreciation of their fathers and mothers of former generations. They have found greater happiness in their families, in their communities and in all the duties of life.

The spirits of millions of the dead have rejoiced in the spirit world because of what has been done in their behalf. The temples have brought

within their grasp the greatest of

Seminary students from Logan signing the register before beginning a day at the nA Book of Remembrance, pp. 8182. genealogical library.

APRIL 1953 229 lished in the Book of Abraham, if there remains any doubt in his mind that the ancient patriarchs had revealed to them many important facts ANCIENT TEMPLES pertaining to the holy endowments for the living. Doctrine and Covenants 132:29, 38, 39 must also confirm the conviction that the ancients AND THEIR USES knew and received many blessings,

the like of which are now to be had by Sidney B. Sperry, Ph.D. only in our temples. Why should

PROFESSOR OF OLD TESTAMENT LANGUAGES AND LITERATURE AND DIRECTOR OF the requirements for salvation be any

RELIGIOUS INSTRUCTION, BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY different for the ancient patriarchs than for ourselves?

Sow early in the history of manfaithfully, and kept a proper and faithful If endowments for the living were kind were temples built to the record of the same, it became a law on known and enjoyed by the ancient earth in heaven, not could be anand and patriarchs, as- a reasonable it seems of the temple Lord? Was nulled, to of according the decrees the that administered they sumption were 3 earliest for the example,Solomon, great Jehovah.

structure or temple in some sacred enstructure holy in whichknown specific for built that purpose, even to given men? were Thedowments also the reader should examine The us. as of this same among Much similar questo theseanswers and figures for explanations 3, given 7, line of reasoning gomust have been easy,tions but do not are always we 8 in the facsimile and second pubing President through Brigham to that lead us somehave data may

reasonable conclusions. 3D. & C. 128:9. Young's mind at the dedication of

We know that Adam stands at the head of the human race and that he stands next to the Savior himself as far as the keys of the priesthood are concerned. 1 Knowledge of this fact

makes it reasonable to suppose that

Father Adam was acquainted with all the ordinances necessary for the salvation of mankind. His knowledge

would necessarily comprehend those ordinances now performed in our present temples. It should be noted

that the Prophet Joseph Smith, in speaking of Adam, said that "he was the first and father of all, not only by progeny, but the first to hold the spiritual blessings, to whom was made known the plan of ordinances for the salvation of his posterity unto the end.... "2 The sealing ordinances

of the Holy Priesthood, including those pertaining to marriage, must Dr. Schick's reconstruction of the Tabernacle of Moses.

have been known to Adam and the great patriarchs that succeeded him.

It would be foolish to doubt that some, if not all, of the holy endowments were known to and conferred upon these men. Note the import

of these words of the Prophet Joseph

Smith:

It may seem to some to be a very bold doctrine that we talk of—a power which

records or binds on earth and binds in heaven. Nevertheless, in all ages of the

world, whenever the Lord has given a dispensation of the priesthood to any man by actual revelation, or any set of men, this power has always been given. Hence, whatsoever those men did in authority, in the

name of the Lord, and did it truly and

aSee Joseph Fielding Smith, Teachings of the

Prophet Joseph Smith, pp. 158, 167169.

-Ibid., p. 167. Dr. Schick's reconstruction of the interior of the Tabernacle of Moses.

230 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Solomon's Temple (Dr. Schick's reconstruction) Zerubbabel's Temple (Dr. Schick's reconstruction)

certain portions of the St. George Egyptians were noted for the great sky. They were rectangular in

Temple, when he said, "I will not number of their gods and goddesses, shape, as were most Egyptian temples.

say that Enoch had not temples in all having their respective priesthoods. Dr. Mercer describes their arrangewhich he officiated. His people beEspecially noted for the elaborate ment in these words:

came so perfect that the Lord took nature of their priesthoods were the them to another place that removed cults of Osiris, Horus, Re, Ptah, Neit, mountedIn a centralby a hugecourt andstoodmassivea mastaba,obelisksurof them from the presence of the Anubis, Hathor, Min, Soker, Amun, white stone, in front of which was an altar, wicked."4 Although it seems logical and others. In the annals of the or table of offerings.... Lofty walls,

to believe that the ancients prior to Palermo Stone, 5 temples are menadorned with scenes, shut off the sacred

Moses'time had temples or sacred tioned as already founded during the building from the street. In front, inside

structures of some kind in which enSecond Egyptian Dynasty (c. 2800 thegateway,walls,betweenwas a largetwo largeouterpylons,court. admittedThen a

dowments were given, there are no B.C.). The ordinary Egyptian word to the inner court, which was open to the

specific references in scripture to for temple was h.t ntr, "house of god,"sky. Then another doorway, opposite the

them. but the appellation prntr, with the great gateway, led into the hypostyle hall.

Many ancient peoples had temples, same meaning, was also common. This hall, fitted with many vast pillars, was

though we can be sure that the rites Every Egyptian god had his "house,"theof holies,processionala dark,hall.narrowThen chambercame thewhereholy

performed in most, if not all, of them wherein he dwelt and where he was the deity dwelt. None but the priests were

were rank perversions or outright imiworshiped; indeed, some deities, such admitted to it. In the holy of holies was

tations of the true order unless peras Osiris (or Horus) had many—one a small shrine or naos with double doors,

formed under the direction or sancin almost every town or city. inside which was a richly decorated boat,

tion of the patriarchs holding the During the Fifth Dynasty (c. 2200 containingthere were athreestatueor ofmorethe holydeity.ofSometimesholies, or

priesthood after the Order of the Son B.C.) were built the first great Egyptemple-chapels. 8

of God. As an example of peoples tian temples of Re near Memphis.

with temples, we may call attention These huge edifices, six in number Egyptian temples were generally of to the ancient Egyptians. The and built of stone, were open to the two types: those which were used for

*See Matthias F. Cowley, Life of Wilford Woodruff, 5This is a small piece of black diorite containing The Religion of Egypt, pp. 342, 343.

p. 494. annals from the beginning of the First Dynasty. (Continued on page 254)

The Dome of the Rock Justinian's Basilica and Church (Dr. Schick's reconstruction)

APRIL 1953 231 three UTAH TEMPLES

n August 1863 a large number of youths lined the road on the outskirts of the frontier city of Logan in anticipation of greeting the President of the Church, the Twelve

Apostles, and other prominent elders of the Church who were coming to hold a conference. It was indeed an impressive sight for these brethren.

During the conference sessions the next day, Elder Wilford Woodruff arose to speak and chose to address these same young people. Prompted by the Spirit, he promised

that they would be privileged to work in the temple which would be constructed on the east bench of the city sometime after they had become parents in Israel and several of their present leaders had entered the spirit world.

The site for this temple was designated by President Brigham Young and was dedicated by Elder Orson Pratt on

May 17, 1877. The Logan Temple cornerstones were laid

under the direction of President John Taylor of the Council of the Twelve, September 17, 1877, three weeks after President Brigham Young's passing.

When Elder Woodruff visited Logan in the summer of 1880, he spoke of the partially completed temple on the hill, recalling that before he had made that promise to those young people seventeen years before, "we never thought of building a temple here."(Journal of Discourses XXL299.)

The Logan Temple was dedicated by President John Taylor

May 17, 1884, the Saints having finished their labor of love in a sevenyear construction period. Much of the labor had

been donated; much of the material had come from the

natural resources in the area.

The Logan Temple stands today on a beautifully landscaped tenacre block. The temple proper is 171 feet long, 95 feet

wide, and 86 feet high at the square, with an octagonal tower at each corner, 100 feet high, and a large square tower at each end. The tower at the west end is 165 feet high,

and the one at the east is 170 feet. The rock used for the

walls was brought from mountain quarries nearby, and is a very dark gray silicious limestone. The lumber for the

building was obtained from Logan Canyon, and prepared at the temple sawmill especially installed for that purpose.

It is a five story edifice.

\\Thile visiting the Saints at Manti in August 1850, President Brigham Young pointed out a site where a temple would someday be built. It was he who dedicated the spot

(Continued on page 271)

A. George Raymond Lewis R. Anderson Harold S- Snow

232 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA For a baptismal font there is not upon the earth, that they, my saints, may be baptized for those who are dead—For this

ordinance belongeth to my house, and cannot be acceptable to me, only in the days of your poverty, wherein ye are not able to build Early Houses a house unto me. But I command you, all ye my saints, to build

a house unto me;... (D. & C. 124:2931.)

'X'hus came the revelation of the Lord on January 19, 1841. Obedient to that command, the cornerstones of the Lord for the temple were laid at Nauvoo, April 6, 1841. Before

it was completed, the Prophet had sealed his testimony n the infancy of the latterday Church, the Saints with his blood at Carthage, Illinois. Nevertheless, on

were commanded to "establish a house, even a house Wednesday, May 4, 1842, the Prophet had taken a select of prayer, a house of fasting, a house of faith, a house few into the upper part of his store in Nauvoo, of learning, a house of glory, a house of order, a house of God."(D. & C. 88:119.) In obedience to this, the... instructing them in the principles and order of the priestKirtland Temple was constructed, at a time when severe hood, attending to washings, anointings, endowments and the commob violence was directed at the Church and its memmunication of keys pertaining to the Aaronic Priesthood, and so on

bership. The building was dedicated March 27, 1836, to the highest'order of the Melchizedek Priesthood, setting forth

by the Prophet Joseph Smith using a prayer that had been theand orderall thosepertainingplans andto theprinciplesAncientbyof whichDays, given him by revelation. This prayer, section 109 of any one is enabled to secure the fulness of

the Doctrine and Covenants, has been the model for those blessings which have been prepared the dedicatory prayers of the other temples. The buildfor the Church of the First Born, and come

ing will always be cherished in the hearts of Latterday up and abide in the presence of the Eloheim

Saints as where Jesus Christ appeared to the Prophet ininstitutedthe eternalthe ancientworlds. orderIn thisof thingscouncilfor wasthe

Joseph Smith and Oliver Cowdery "standing upon the first time in these last days. (D. H. C.:V. 2.)

breastwork of the pulpit,... and under his feet was a

paved work of pure gold, in color like amber."(D. & C. This edifice was raised in the

110:2.) He had accepted the house. After that vision words of President Brigham Young:

closed, Moses appeared and committed the "keys of the Nauvoo Temple "By the aid of sword in one hand, trowel and hammer in the other,gathering of Israel from the four parts of the earth, and fromphotograph.an actual and

the leading of the ten tribes from the land of the north."with firearms at hand, and a strong

The third vision was that of Elias who "committed the band of police, and the blessings of heaven."(journal of

dispensation of the gospel of Abraham, saying that in Discourses, 11:32.)

us and our seed all generations after us should be In December 1845 endowment work began, and by the blessed."Finally Elijah appeared in fulfilment of the end of that month more than one thousand members had

prophecy of Malachi. received its blessings, 107 of them receiving the sacred

After the Church was driven from Ohio, the building ordinance on Christmas Day. Ordinance work continued

was denied; benches were removed for firewood; cattle, for several months, many of the Saints receiving the

sheep, and swine were placed in the basement to prospiritual strength that was to aid them all during their tect them from inclement weather; other portions of the lives. The building was dedicated on April 30, 1846

onceholy place were used at the convenience of the viland again on the following day.

lagers. In September 1846 this sacred building was in possesThe Reorganized Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day sion of the mobs, and for two years this once hallowed

Saints obtained the title to this temple by court decision structure stood as an abandoned building. Then in

and have restored the building. It is used by them as a November 1848, it fell prey to the wanton act of an

meeting place. (Continued on page 270)

APRIL 1953 233 by President Levi Edgar Young OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY

THE ANGEL MORONI

DALLIN AND CMS

!he Angel Moroni on the central the organ recital, played that day by

| spire of the Salt Lake Temple the late John J. McCIellan. It was

(has won admirers from all over Sunday, and the theme of the speaker the world. It conveys a beautiful during the hour of service was: "Thou

story with precision and deep sinshalt love the Lord thy God with all cerity. It has been called a superb thy heart, and with all thy soul, and

statue to the divine message of Rewith all thy strength, and with all ligion, for it recalls the words of John thy mind; and thy neighbour as thythe Revelator: self."(See Matt. 22:37, 39.) He was

greatly impressed with the services angel another fly in the And I saw midst that morning. Our conversation

of heaven, everlasting gospel the having to preach unto them that dwell on the earth, drifted to his bronze statue of the and to every nation, and kindred, and American Indian which is called "The tongue, and people, Appeal to the Great Spirit."The

Saying with a loud voice, Fear God, and Indian is seated on his pony, with give glory to him; for the hour of his judgarms outstretched and his face lifted

is ment come; and worship that him made appealingly to heaven. The statue

earth, heaven sea, and the and the and fountains of waters. (Revelation 14:6-7.) stands in front of the Boston Museum

of Fine Arts. There is something

gestion—aIt is certainlywork aofstatuerare fullbeauty.of sugIt universalwere conversing,in its grandI askedappeal.him if heAs hadwe of Thethe SaltAngelLakeMoroniTemple.on the central spire

is the story of the coming from heaven ever done anything that equaled his of the Angel Moroni to Joseph Smith "Appeal to the Great Spirit."His kept a store in Silver City, urged that

that gave Cyrus Dallin the inspirareply was one of the most thrilling the boy be sent away to study. The

tion for making the angel. It was things I ever experienced. "Yes,"said wellknown mining man, Mr. Joab

his nature to wonder about the divine he, "I considered thatmy 'Angel Lawrence, contributed the means to life of man, and he was impressed Moroni'brought me nearer to God pay the boy's expenses. In Boston,

with the great characters of history than anything I ever did. It seemed young Dallin became the student of

who at times speak the words of to me that I came to know what it the wellknown sculptor, T. H. BartGod and enact God's holy purposes. means to commune with angels from lett, where he remained for nearly

When Dallin read about the visit of heaven."We both sat quietly for two years. His first piece to bring

the angel to Joseph Smith, directing some minutes without saying a word, him attention was a drawing of a him in the discovery of the gold when he added: "We can only create panther from which several copies in

plates, he saw something of the in life what we are and what we terra cotta were made. One of these

eternal and divine in the story. He think."was exhibited in the fine arts departoften quoted Michelangelo: "Beauty Cyrus E. Dallin was born in ment of the Salt Lake Fair in 1880

cannot be separated from eternity."Springville, Utah, November 22, and was awarded first prize. In

As one looks at the angel, one is im1861. His father, Thomas Dallin, Boston, after four years of study, the

pressed with the thought that Dallin was a miner in Tintic, Utah. Later young artist modeled a bust of

caught the spirit of the words of John the family moved from Springville Voltaire, the French philosopher.

the Revelator. to the town of Silver City. Cyrus atOpening a studio, his first statue was

One beautiful summer morning a tended a school held in a small church that of the comedian William Warfew years ago I was seated with Mr. building, and as a mere child he beren, which brought high praise from

Dallin on the stone curbing which gan modeling the individual miners the celebrated actor Joseph Jefferson.

surrounds the Sea Gull Monument on on their way to work. Mr. C. H. Dallin's work from now on received

Temple Square. We had listened to Blanchard with Levi E. Riter, who the attention of many people. At

234 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA this time he modeled his Paul Revere, was unveiled the fiftieth anniversary her face shows that His truth shall but owing to some misunderstanding, of the founding of Utah, July 24, prevail in the hearts of men. Her

it was not finished and accepted by 1847. It was a grand celebration and life is one of the saddest of the earlythe city of Boston until nearly fifty pioneers of the period up to 1869 day American women. Anne Hutchinyears later. It was finally placed on came from all over Utah to particison belonged to one of the best famithe public square just opposite the pate in the celebration. lies of the English gentry, but she

old North Church, and the mayor of The statue of Massasoit, which left her home and came to America

Boston paid high tribute to the sculpoverlooks the harbor at Plymouth, in 1635. Her maiden name was

tor and the work he had done to Massachusetts, has attracted all AmerAnne Marbury. Her husband was

perpetuate the ideals of America. icans. It expresses a significant William Hutchinson, a true and

Mr. Dallin had the training and historical fact, for it was a part of loyal husband, and Anne was a deforce of imagination which gave him Massasoit's country where the Pilvoted wife and the mother of fourteen

power to grasp and interpret the many grim Fathers made settlement in 1620. children. She, with Roger Williams,

great characters of American history. When the great Indian chief heard was banished from the Massachusetts

His "Abraham Lincoln"portrays the of the settlement, he sent occasionally colony, and helped to settle Rhode humble and powerful character of some of his men to observe their activIsland. Historians tell us that Rhode

the great American. His many creaities. We have the accounts of MassaIsland was the only colony where

tions of the American Indian show soit's meeting the Pilgrim Fathers complete religious freedom existed.

study and care and an admiration when a treaty was entered into, which After the death of her husband, Anne for the native American. All of his stipulated that neither Massasoit nor sought shelter among the tolerant

art has been largely of a memorial any of his people would "do hurt to Dutch in New Amsterdam. She escharacter. the English."The Indians planted tablished her home on a tract of land

Dallin was welltrained as a corn in fields nearby, and gave it to claimed by the Mohegans; the Insculptor, and the years he spent in the settlers. The creation of Dallin's dians avenged themselves for this inParis studying at the most celebrated Massasoit came after many months trusion by massacring the intruders,

schools of art brought him wellof careful study of his life, from old except one little girl whom they cardeserved fame. Among his friends, writings of the Pilgrim Fathers and ried off. She was rescued years later

and they were many, were Rodin, the English fishermen along the coast. by the whites and became the anthe greatest French sculptor of that A statue in Philadelphia that cestor of Thomas Hutchinson, the

day, St. Gaudens, and Daniel French. touches the heart of everyone who Tory governor of Massachusetts at

It may well be written of him: He sees it is that of Anne Hutchinson the beginning of the American

felt strongly that an American artist with her little daughter. A deep supRevolution.

should occupy himself with Ameriplication to God in the expression of can subjects, and to that end should It was only a few years ago that work in his own country. Coming Dallin died in Arlington, just outhome to Salt Lake City, he created BrighamThree ofYoungDallin'sMonument,famous works:and Lincoln,Massaside of Boston.

the Brigham Young Monument which soit, original of which stands in Plymouth. (Concluded on page 268)

moved to Southern Utah and settled the town of Virgin late in December 1862. He made a dugout for hisROMANCE home and lived in it while he built

the first houses in Virgin. He alsoOF built a loom to weave cloth and made

caskets. By 1871 he had built himself and his family a home and had

made a large rocking chair and threeTEMPLE BUILDING common chairs with canvas seats for by Marba C. Josephson that home. The timber for those

ASSOCIATE MANAGING EDITOR, THE IMPROVEMENT ERA chairs he brought from Zion's Canyon. All the tools he had to make

atterday Saint temples have George and those settlements named. the chairs were his pocketknife and

been constructed by a people "When in Kirtland, at the comhis drawing knife. In 1876 he spent

who, while struggling for the mencement of building the Kirtland most of his time doing carpenter work we"necessities of life, have refused Temple, the Church used to meet on the St. George Temple donation. 1

to be bound by earthly motives. Their in a schoolhouse 16 by 24 feet, which Without even the comforts of a

ideals were for an eternityof happiwas capacious enough to hold all the home, these men and women made ness, regardless of the sacrifices they Saints and spectators and visitors; their donations to the temples

might have to make to gain them. they then undertook to build a temwherever they were built. As one

Temple covenants meant that eternal ple. Joseph Smith and Brigham writer stated about the building of

happiness; therefore, temples they Young worked on that building day the Salt Lake Temple, so it was true

must have. after day; also many others did so. for all temples:

Brigham Young recognized this They did not have much fine flour "As a people, old and young, rich when he spoke to the people of the bread to eat. Did not always have and poor, high and low, they withSt. molasses George Stake their 5, 1871: November to eat with johnny held not of their substance that was

here, they cake. Sometimes to build a temple shoes, had want 2 "We required to attain the desired end."

and we can do this. You may take sometimes not; sometimes they would

the people of St. George or you may have tolerable pants and sometimes June 18, 1835, the Prophet Joseph

take the little settlements of Washvery ragged ones. Smith recorded in his History of the

Church: "Ninehundred and fifty ington, Harrisburg, and Leeds, and I "It was about the same experience

will say that the people of St. George in building the Nauvoo Temple."dollars were subscribed for the temor the people of those little settleNot all the stories of privation and ple, by the Saints in Kirtland. Great

ments are better able to build the hardship can be told about the buildanxiety was manifested to roll on the contemplated temple in St. George ing of the temples in these latter work."3

than the whole Church could build days, but always there was privation They worked in good weather and the temple in Kirtland or than the and real hardship. Temporary bad, so anxious were they to comwhole Church could build the temple pleasures and luxuries they could not plete the "House of the Lord."Even

the Prophet marveled at the faith of in Nauvoo. I was there; I knew the have—but poor as they were, they

circumstances of the Church at the could build for a, future happiness the Saints, for he wrote of one'of building of the temple at Kirtland that would be everlasting. them, "He is still continuing the work,

and at Nauvoo, and I know the cirOne of the men who worked on notwithstanding the inclemency of cumstances of the people in St. the St. George Temple, for instance, the weather."4

The growing worth of temples to

Nauvoo from an early print. Mississippi River in foreground. the Saints can be ascertained by the

] materials that were used in them.

The Kirtland Temple was built of plaster and hard finish—"commenced

on the 2nd of November, 1835, and finished this day [January 8, 1836]. 5

As they learned the importance of temple work, they built for the perpetuity of the edifices. The Saints

wished the buildings to take on the permanence of the covenants they represented. As a tribute to their

foresight the Kirtland Temple still stands; the stones quarried for the

Nauvoo Temple are extant; and the

other temples are in almost daily use

Weart Throbs of the West, Vol. 12, pp. 397-8.

2The Contributor, Vol. 14, p. 282.

sHistory of the Church, Joseph Smith, Vol. 2, p. 234.

*Idem, p. 363.

Hdem, p. 363.

236 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA—a testimony to the faith of those

who built them at great sacrifice to themselves.

Each of the temples has called for special qualities from those who labored to build them. Before the

black volcanic rock could be obtained to drive down with heavy pile drivers to make the bottom hard enough to sustain the superstructure of the St.

George Temple, a road had to be built along the ridge at the cost of between three and four thousand dollars. Then since the rock was in

large boulders, it had to be quarried with drills, slips, and wedges. Thus

the project was an expensive one but one that the Church members would not willingly forego, since the blessings would far outweigh the hardships.

The contributions were "in kind":

that is, they were what the people had. Eggs laid on Sunday in Manti

and the other Sanpete Stake towns were called "temple eggs"and were Night view of the Salt Lake Temple, with the Capitol dome in the distance.

donated for that purpose. In Manti

the women aided by carding wool, making homespun cloth, homemade problem also, for as is recorded in "The erection of the temple, the quilts, shirts, trousers, socks, hats, their stake history: completion of the tabernacle, and the

and gloves. They churned butter "On the 19th [November 1877] erection of the woolen factory engages

and made cheese which they donated four elders visited Manti and exour attention at present and will for the building fund. Their husamined the site for the temple and doubtless do so until their final combands gave labor as well as making the work done and in progress therepletion. The work upon the Logan

cash contributions. The president of on. While there they witnessed the Temple has progressed thus far as

the stake gave $10,000 as well as explosion of a blast of 375 pounds of well as the most sanguine could excontributing a $1000 picture which powder, which was placed in the form pect under the circumstances. The

still hangs in the Manti Temple. The of a T, 20 feet in the mountain, to north extension is about ready for the

pay was also in kind, the workmen prepare the site for the temple, the roof, and the side walls of the temple receiving these things to sustain life face of the rock and earth before the are above the ground, the immense while they donated their services to blast being 22 feet perpendicular. thickness of the walls at the foundait tion requiring a great amount of rockthe erection of the temples. Those When the explosion took place,

who had anything at all gave to inlifted the body of the earth about and mortar. A sawmill will soon be

sure the erection of the temples. twelve feet and flung it in fragments running for the purpose of sawing

The Manti Temple posed its upon the plateau, leaving about 3000 lumber for the temple, and preparayards ready to be loaded into tions are being made to quarry and wagons "6 haul rock during the winter, and

In addition the question of getting from the appearance of arrangements water for the Manti Temple prethe work in all its departments, so far sented a problem: "... it would be as practicable, will be vigorously

necessary to get the piping to carry pushed during the winter months. It

the water onto the temple ground, is very gratifying to a person inwhich would cost from $2500 to terested in the great work of the last $3000. It would take an earnest effort days to see the alacrity with which the

to gather this means. * * * A constant people take hold of the labor in quesstream of men and means should be tion, and to witness the union that is

flowing toward the temple."manifested in that direction.* * *

It was difficult in Manti also since "On or about the first of March the place was subject to cloudbursts, 1886, rumors reached those in this and the floods were devastating in city that the sawmill known as the their intensity, often leaving mud, Temple Mill was burned. It was not

rock, and debris in their wake. thought safe, however, to send anyThe building of the Logan Temple one to investigate on account of snowhad necessitated much work also. As slides, until recently, when two men

the stake reports [Oct. 28, 1877]: were sent up the canyon to ascertain

Interior view of the Kirtland Temple. 8Unpublished, Church Historian's Office. (Continued from page 264)

APRIL 1953 237 (C."...All Over This Land of Joseph:.

By Albert L. Zobell, Jr.

RESEARCH EDITOR, THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

... a thousand years will be devoted to this W. Nibley, visited that mission in 1915, and while there,

work of redemption; and temples will appear all June 1, 1915, President Smith selected a temple site,

over this land of Joseph—North and South some thirtytwo miles north of Honolulu, on the Laie

America—and also* in Europe and elsewhere.... plantation, which the Church had purchased in 1865.

(J. D. 19:229230, September 16, 1877.) The Polynesian Saints did much of the construction

work. The building is of concrete made from the crushed

I uilt on an eminence commanding a view of the lava rock of the area. It is built in the shape of a

!H Pacific Ocean is the Hawaiian Temple of the Grecian cross, and measures 102 feet from east to west

Church. This temple is primarily for the Polyand 78 feet from north to south. It rises to a height ofnesian members—some of whom save for a lifetime for 50 feet.

enterisland to and of Oahu, the of privilegethe coming the building President Grant dedicated on Heber themselves to take there of upon the the Lord,ing house 1919. only 27, day, is the Thanksgiving NovemberJ. He

in theirs the are blessings the whichthe ordinances and elder privileged Latterthree to dedicate been who has temple. day Saint temples, and by coincidence, these three,

President Goerge Q. Cannon who as a young man in Hawaiian, Alberta, and Arizona, are the only three which

1850 was one of those privileged to open up Hawaii have been erected without towers.

for the gospel message, returned in 1900, for the golden The accompanying grounds are beautifully landscaped jubilee of that event. At that time he told congregawith tropical vegetation and with appropriate figures

tions at both Laie and Honolulu that the time would cast in metal and stone.

soon come when they, in the islands, would have a Laie, the templecrowned city in Hawaii, before the temple in which to perform the ordinances necessary coming of the white man, was a place of refuge where for the salvation of the living and of the dead.

the natives could retire in time of danger. Since the

President Joseph F. Smith, himself an early missionbuilding of the temple, Laie has become a place of

ary to Hawaii, accompanied by Elder Reed Smoot of the

Council of the Twelve and Presiding Bishop Charles spiritual refuge.

One of the first sites to be designated by the Latterday Saint pioneers of western Canada that summer of 1887 was an eightacre tabernacle square which was given to the Church by President Charles Ora Card, the colony's leader. The prairieland community on Lees

Creek, just south of the surveyed boundary of the Blood

Indian reservation, soon came to be known as Cardston.

On July 27, 1913, President Joseph F. Smith dedicated

this square as a temple site, the first to be built outside of the United States. Ground was broken that November

9, and on September 19, 1915, Elder David O. McKay of

the Council of the Twelve directed the cornerstone ceremonies. President Heber J. Grant dedicated the com1923. August 26, temple President pleted E. Woolley, President Ralph Williard L. Smith,

the town of Cardston from any approaches As one Temple. of the Hawaiian Temple. of the Canadian

238 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA direction, the large, white straight lines of the temple, south walls are each 128 feet long and the east to west which is built upon a rise of ground, are the first things walls, 184 feet. The foundation of the main building is

that attract the eye. The building is constructed of a 12 feet 6 inches thick and the walls, 3 feet 11 inches in

light gray granite from the quarries at Nelson, British thickness. In excess of one hundred thirty tons of steel

Columbia. It is built in a Maltese cross design, and is were used to reinforce the concrete. The outside wall is

118 feet square. faced with a glazed, creamcolored, "pulsichrome terra

The double approach from the west leads up broad cotta"tile. At the four corners of the temple, in the

granite steps toward large ornamental steel gates. An frieze portion of the cornice, are sculptured panels deoutside fish pond, about 12 x 30 feet, between these two picting the gathering of Israel from all nations in this

approaches, is fed by a stream of water falling from a dispensation.

'The structuresolid granite wall. On this wall is an artistic frieze of The height of the building is 55 feet.

cast concrete depicting the Savior offering the woman of is surrounded by a terrace built up four feet high, which

Samaria living water as he greets her at the well. (See together with the one -story temple annex, gives the

John 4.) building a terraced appearance similar to the temple of

Knowing the purpose of this and the other temples of Herod. The building is located in the center of a twentythe Church, one contemplates again the words written acre tract, which is beautifully landscaped with the

by the late Elder Orson F. Whitney of the Council of the striking vegetation that that climate affords, including

Twelve: rare citrus trees and cacti.

Long called the Lamanite Temple because of its close

Hearts must be pure to come within these walls

Where spreads a feast unknown to festive halls proximity to the homes of several Indian tribes, since

Freely partake, for freely God has given 1946 it has become the scene of the annual temple exAnd taste the holy joys that tell of heaven. cursion of the Spanish speaking members of the Church.

Here learn of him who triumphed o'er the grave, Tt was in March 1937 that the First Presidency stated unto the keys the gave; kingdom And men that the Church was contemplating the erection of a

here that Joined powers by present bind past and

The living and the dead perfection find. temple in Idaho. Soon the announcement followed that

the site had been selected adjacent to the Idaho Falls

Tn Arizona's Valley of the Sun, at Mesa, stands the L.D.S. Hospital, near the banks of the Snake River. Here

Arizona Temple, in an area first noted by Church (Concluded on page 265) members as they marched west with the Mormon Battalion in 1846, as part of the armed forces of the Mexican War.

It wasn't until the late seventies, however, that the carefully workedout Church colonization program planted a colony in this fertile but arid, area.

The temple site was dedicated on November 28, 1921, by President Heber J. Grant. Ground was broken April

25, 1922, and the structure was finished in 1927. It is

estimated that over two hundred thousand tourists and friends of the Church were conducted through this temple between the time of its completion and its dedication, a practice long followed by the Church with a new temple. President Grant dedicated the Arizona

Temple, October 23, 1927.

The building is reinforced concrete. The north to

L. Killpack, President William L. Harry Payne,* President

* President Payne died March 8, 1953. Falls of the of the Idaho Temple. Arizona Temple.

APRIL 1953 239 Sites for Temples

Several temple sites have been But persecution was already an old selected by the Church where story for the restored Church. The

the structures are yet to be first temple was built at Kirtland, built. Ohio, and not Independence. But

this temple in Jackson County, MisAnd thus saith the Lord your God, if you souri, will someday be reared, to beis wisdom. here receivewill wisdom Behold, come the center place of Zion. Independence called is nowthe place which

is the center place; and a spot for the tem- A temple site at Far West, Caldwell

ple is lying westward, upon a lot which County, Missouri, was designated by is not far from the courthouse. (D. & C. revelation (see D. & C. 115) in April

57:3.) 1838. On July 4, 1838, the cornerObedient to this revelation, the folstones were laid with solemn and imlowing month, August 1831, the pressive ceremony. Four days later

Prophet Joseph Smith the Prophet received the revelation for the Twelve to proceeded to dedicate the spot for the Temple, a little west of Independence, and there take leave of my saints in the city of Far were also present Sidney Rigdon, Edward West, on the twentysixth day of April

Partridge, W. W. Phelps, Oliver Cowdery, next, on the buildingspot of my house,

Martin Harris and Joseph Coe. saith the Lord. (D. & C. 118:5.)

The 87th Psalm was read....

scene was solemn and impressive. The of declared the Church Enemies Temple site at Independence, Missouri. C. 1:199.) (D. H.

of revelation that one Joseph here was

Smith that would fail. The Twelve as "at the foot of the Oakland hills

were scattered, and Far West was in overlooking the bay area.... The

the hands of bitter apostates, who Golden Gate is directly west of the threatened to kill any of the Twelve temple site."Easy access to this temwho came. But at one o'clock in the ple will be had from San Francisco,

morning of the designated day, seven Oakland, and the other cities of the of the Twelve Apostles held a conbay area.

ference on that temple site, and the One of the purposes of President master workman recommenced layDavid O. McKay's European visit

ing the foundation of the Lord's during the summer of 1952 was the

House. Special business was transselection of a temple site to serve the

acted by the conference, including the Church members of the Old World.

ordination of Elders Wilford WoodThis was done at Berne, Switzerland.

ruff and George A. Smith as apostles. In the words of President McKay the

At the general conference, April 4, location is "in an area just now be1943, President Heber J. Grant aning subdivided and built up within

nounced that the Church had the city limits of Berne. The three

acquired a temple site in Oakland, and onehalf acres is on high ground, in line California. This of a streetcar serve just temple will at the end

: si just section of the city, stake the Saints in the fastgrowing the southeast

Far West, Above, Sites for Temples: right, and mission area of northern Cali- a short distance from a main highCalifornia; left, Oakland, Missouri;

first temple site selected in Europe at fornia. The site has been described way."

Berne, Switzerland.

IPllflll 240 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA SAIT LAKE TEMPLE INTERIORS

Davis. D. F. by—Photos Top: Celestial Room

1937 Heber by Terrestrial Bottom: Room—Copyright Latterday Saints. J. ReproductionGrant, Trusteein-Trustin full or in forparttheexpresslyChurchprohibited.of Jesus Christ of

APRIL 1953 241 Salt lake Temple Interiors, continued

1937 by Heber Saints. ]. ReproductionGrant, Trusteein-Trustin full or in forparttheexpresslyChurchprohibited.of fesusTwo Views of the Main Assembly Room—CopyrightChrist of Latterday

242 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Top: Sealing Room for the Dead.—CopyrightChrist of Latterday1937 by HeberSaints. J. ReproductionGrant, Trusteein-Trustin full or in forparttheexpresslyChurchprohibited.of Jesus

Bottom: The Baptistry.

APRIL 1953 243 Salt lake Temple Interiors, continued

Top: Council Room of the First Presidency and the Council of the Twelve,

Center: The Garden Room.—Copyright 1937 by Heber ]. Grant, Trusteein-Trust for the Church of Jesus

Bottom: The Archives, Temple Annex. Christ of Latterday Saints. Reproduction in full or in part expressly prohibited.

244 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA U&cJkSIMj; feed leafPacked hay the forkless way

The camera moved up close to give you this Holstein's-eye::::,.,-,:..:..

view of nutritious rollbaled hay.

See how the leaves are rollpressed and stems are flattened.

Packed with protein and carotene, they approach the feeding value of a concentrate feed. Three tons of earlycut, rollbaled alfalfa can equal a ton of protein meal—plus a ton of

ground ear corn or grain.

Sure you can make choice hay like this., t with a

homeowned ROTOBALER. Be ready to move... fast

... before hay is overexposed to sun, dew, or rain.

Rolled bales are weatherresistant. You can feed

them whole, on the open range or in a feed rack. They're

selffeeding. Hay is dispensed layer by layer without three tons of self'feeding

waste.

Rolled Bales can equal Be weatherwise. Store plenty of rolled bales and

you'll never be caught short on feed. Feed hay the two tons of ground feed

forkless way—rollbaled—with the leaves rolledin!

ROTOBALE

ALUSTRACTOR DIVISIONCHALMERSMILWAUKEE 1. U. S. A

ROTOBALER is an AllisChalmers irademarK.

The ROTOBALER handles a wide, double windrow, cuts driving distance in half.

APRIL 1953 245 Salt lake Temple Interiors, Continued

-Copyright 1937 by Heber (Looking West) World Room Top: The

Saints. ]. ReproductionGrant, Trusteein-Trustin full or in forparttheexpresslyChurchprohibited.of Jesus Christ of Latterday East) Center: (Looking World The Room

Bottom: Lower Lecture Room

246 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA YOUR BEGINS THE MOMENT YOU STEP ABOARD!

More than just "a way to get there,"a trip enjoy the congenial atmosphere and hos* on a Union Pacific train adds to the pleasure pitality in the lounge car.

of your excursion.

Visit the diner, where famous Union Pacific

Leave all cares behind... take your choice "meals that appeal"are courteously and atof modern accommodations... rest as you tentively served. You will enjoy our fearide in airconditioned comfort. tured item for April—Baked Ham, with

spiced wineand-fruit sauce. Delicious!

Through your window, watch a continually Yes, on next your for fine—food, fine changing unfold. panorama feel you When trains, fine service for trip—extra fun, the

like stretching stroll your legs,—around or moment you step aboard Pacific, Union go—

For details and reservations see your nearest Union Pacific Railroad ticket agent.

For Dependable Passenger and Freight Transportation Be Specific - - - SAY

APRIL 1953 UNION PACIFIC247 Salt Lake Temple Interiors, (Continued

*X. mm

1937 by Heber -Copyright Apostles. Council of the Twelve Top: Room

Saints. ]. ReproductionGrant, Trusteein-Trustin full or in forparttheexpresslyChurchprohibited.of Jesus Christ of Latterday

in Annex. Bottom: Assembly the Temple Room

248 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA f *> om& # 4eeK6 vteui. SPECIAL CONFERENCES,

CLINICS, WORKSHOPS

School Building Program GMm, & pointof-view section preparedA carefully on the construction of school buildings for school administrators, school board members, architects interested persons, It is our point of view that school teachers need and deserve more than gradand other which will feature Dr. Paul W, Seagers, uate class room activity as a vacation from their home rooms across the state.

School Building consultant of Indiana

University. recAt Brigham Young University we endeavor to provide not only a strong Dr. Seagers is nationally

ognized as a school building consultant. academic program, but complete relaxation from the cares of the work-a-

day world in order that teachers may get the most from a summer of

RadioTelevision Workshop graduate study.

A special workshop in the use of radio Our thrilling natural setting in the Wasatch Range provides a perfect study television inand elementary secondary and recreaActivities plus scene. the as assemblies, such dances and parties,

Itcourses. all peris interested to open

tional facilities of worldthe fieldhouse the West's with along most modern is thissons, to those teaching but geared age group. I. Keith Tyler Home of famous events listed below, help demonstrate our Point of View toward a

Sterling L. State UniversityOhio and Edna

Seattle, as teacher's graduate education. willfrom appear Washington

guest speakers during the sessions. Leadership Week at the University has become a tradition throughout

LEADERSHIP cations,the west.andDuringeducationalthis annualbackgroundsevent menareandinvitedwomento enjoyof all theages,facilvo-

SpeechHearing Clinic WEEK ities and services of the campus. Leaders of church, state and edu-

A special workshop of interest to all cation are daily lecturers in religious and other fields.

counseling, particularlyteachers, those in will to the bring fifteenth many Festival campus Music annual The dirspeech Eisenson, Dr. hearing. and Jon in in dually concert will artists and serve musicians great who andector College, of at Green's Speech MUSIC New

will appear Quartet again world classroom. Paganim the famous TheYork; Office; Mrs, Dr. State Gee, Boyd

the concerts frequent festival. special by feature of the as a The FESTIVALSheets of Burnett the Anderson and Unmusical will provide a delightful summer Quartet and othersiversity will of participate in the Utah

workshop.

Here is an opportunity for mountaineers or plainsmen to participate

TIMPANOGOS inhikeonetoofthethe topcountry'sof 12,000mostft.popularMt. Timpanogosand thrillingis hikesscheduledThis Julyfamous17

Conservation Courses HIKE and 18. The conquering of the peak and the slide down America's

Two classes in conservation of natural southernmost glacier are experiences always to be remembered.

resources will be taught under the subjects soils and botany, offering a total of 6 hours of college credit which can be applied toward With great accent a degree. - Aug. 21 these FIRST TERM: June 15July 17 SECOND TERM: July 20 placednow being on conservation,

courses will eminently prepare teachers for effective classes.

FREE CATALOG: Write Dean of Summer School

Brigham Young University P R O V OAPRIL 1953 UTAH 249 together as one by a silken cloth, just its with roll of the Jewish Law the asThe Stick of JUDAH of strip a is with "girded sticks two silk"when it is rolled up to be put 110 There areand the into the tabernacle.

two rolls having different designs

scrolls do notStick of oning themthat andoriginallyof differentthe colors, showJOSEPH have two sticks to them, but only one apiece. 110 This suggests the

Part IV origin of the scroll in the single message-stick with the messagescroll by Hugh Nibley, Ph.D. wrapped around it, as well as the

probability that in Ezekiel's day the

HISTORY PROFESSOR, ASSOCIATE AND RELIGION, scrolls were still of the primitive oneUNIVERSITY YOUNG BRIGHAM shaft variety. That the scrollsticks

sticks around which the scrolls went, a rollcall was taken and a of the Greeks and Romans were derived from messagearrows is indiTheof the law were rolled were always notch cut on the rod, which was the regarded as holy and treated as king's own staff. "The king was cated by a number of things. Instead

scepters. 106 It will be recalled that represented by the bailiff of the Hunof having convenient handles at the

nearly all commentators point out dred carrying a wardstaff. It was bottom and smooth knobs at the

that the sticks of Ezekiel are in some the staff (not the bailiff) which repretop, the rollsticks had points at both way or other scepters. The scrolls of sented majesty and received the ends which made them resemble the

the Law were used by the kings of honours."108 wellknown doubleheaded thunderthe bestof and scepter Zeus bolt, the scepters, upon bestowed used honors peculiar kings as other The Judah

office. the of of all rods 111 That known his throne of the and sticks Jewish near Law -scrolls carthe being "kept

ried into battle."107 "The scroll itshow by their nature that the sticks resemblance is not accidental appears

self,"we are told, "is girded with a themselves were regarded originally not only in the impractical arrangestrip of silk and robed in a Mantle as the bearers of the law. But once ment of the thing and the identificaof the Law,"while the wooden rod parchment had been rolled around tion of scroll -rods with scepters, but

had a crown on its upper end, like these sticks (and the antiquity of this likewise in the name given to the the mace or scepter of a king. "Some custom may be surmised from the points, koronis, Latin, cornua, usually

scrolls,"says the Jewish Encyclopedia, fact that all official scrolls of the Law explained as referring to the shape "have two crowns, one for each upper should be on the skin of wild of the sharpened ends. But these do

end."107 These honors show the beasts), 109 could they still be brought not resemble horns, and the name

Jewish scrolls of the Law are the same together like tallies to make one stick? probably has the same origin as that

given to the royal herald's-staff or The accompanying illustration shows of the little arrowmarks often used scepter in other parts of the world. an actual application of this idea: in the marking of scrolls by their

ceraunia, "little thuncalled her makers, Empress of the at to Wu, of the Oschophoria,"an edict the feast "At 111 derbolts."Tai Tsung the successor, Emperor "the herald's for example, Athens,

staff was crowned with garlands, but (763779 A.D.) wished to add a supWe have seen that the heroes of

not the herald himself."108 As in the plement of his own, incorporating it Israel identified themselves as emisancient North, "the staff was a wilin the original law. The two rolls, saries of the Most High by bearing

low bough always cut from a living each with one stick in it, are here his rod before the eyes of those to tree, and was never allowed to wither seen placed side by side and bound whom they were sent, Jew or Genis tile. the rod In this connection recalls the exactly or dry up"—which stick in it, rolls, with one each two The scroll, the with also interchangeable Aaron, which rod of blossoming side bound by side and placed seen are here

withered when Israel fell from together as one by a silken cloth, just as for in the Middle Ages every Jew was grace. 108 Among our Norse ancestors thesticksrollis "girdedof the Jewishwith a Lawstrip withof silk."its two required by Jewish law to carry a

this rod was taken from place to (After J. Lechler, Vom Hakenkreuz scroll of the Law with him at all

place, and at each place to which it [Leipzig, 1934], p. 74.) (Continued on page 267)

250 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA It is difficult to write a definition of the American way.

But it is easy to find good examples. Here is one:

Every day 7,423 more mouths to feed

"Who will help me harvest my grain?"asked the farmer. four farm families to feed a city family, today one farm

family can feed and clothe itself and 15 other families "Not I,"said the hired man. "They need me at the besides.

defense plant and in the service."

People who nick at the American system imply that we "Then I'll do it myself,"said the American farmer.

in this country can use successful methods because we And he did.

are rich. We prefer to think that the successful methods

Last year the American farmer produced about 40% came first. Research, engineering and manufacturing skill

more livestock, vegetables, cotton, grain, milk than he did produced modern farm machinery, pesticides, chemical prewar. And he did it with only 1% more land and 17% fertilizers, electrical equipment. Such ideas and products

fewer manhours. When you witness a productivity inwere tested competitively in many places. The best were

crease like that, you can guess electricity has been at work. chosen; the rest discarded.

When the hired man left, the farmer called for more General Electric has been busy passing ideas and prodelectricity and farm machinery. And he got them—at an ucts along to the farmer to test for more than 25 years

incredible rate. In the past ten years his use of electricity how to motorize his pumping, dry his hay electrically,

has increased nearly 500%. Today American farms use warm chicks with electricity, how to get his wife's elbows

twice as much mechanical and electrical horsepower as out of the washtub. Someone figured out that more than

all manufacturing combined. 400 different farm jobs can now be done electrically, which

means better living for the farmer as well as better business.

In jobs like pitching hay, pumping water, grinding feed, one electric horsepower is equal to the work of This story has a happy ending for all of us. Tonight

22 strong men. That means that with electricity and autothere will be 7,423 more mouths at the American dinner

matic feed handling, a oneman farm can handle 20 or table than last night. In spite of Malthus, there need be no

30 cows. It means that where, eightytwo years ago, it took empty plates.

oa cwi/mzy#at GENERAL ELECTRIC APRIL 1953 251 tains. Fort Laramie was an important halfway station for the

freighting industry. Here blacksmithHISTORIC FORT LARAMIE ing facilities were available, and jaded

feast on the out to turned were oxenTHE HUB OF EARLY WESTERN HISTORY stationed Clerks grasses. were lush

by Hazel Noble Boyack here to receive monies and check on

Conclusion merchandise booked for many points west. A veteran of this busy era reis if there is doubtful "It OF THE WroutiROUTE MORMON 4 20 of the face the section on another tHI marked: PIONEERS PRESENT US 20,26 jg AND

of Miles Scale so passed much over which globe traffic by ox, horse, and mule teams as passed by Fort Laramie during those early years when the West was being settled."

A difficult problem was posing—theitself forjustifiablethe westernboundindignationemigrantof the

Indian at the invasion of his domain—and Congress was compelled to act

in the matter. A sum of one hundred

thousand dollars was set aside for a great peace parley with the Indians in September 1851, and Fort Laramie was the site chosen for the event.

Ten thousand gailybedecked Indians arrived for the event. The horses of

O L 0\R A D O so vast a number could not long be sustained in the vicinity of the fort, so the scene was moved to Horse

SYNOPSIS Creek, some thirtysix miles to the

Fort Laramie—one of the great landmarks of the Old West! How it gave southeast. Here a treaty of peace was

first settlers succor to trappers hope, the early passed to the and then and who of drawn up and signed by the twenty valleys to in California, in Oregon, in the en route its way and homes make the mountained west! That was told last month. This is the concluding chapter one chiefs present. The Indians were

of that part of western history. to be compensated for the tightly

cropped grass along the route of the

Thegreateryearmgiration1850 witnessedof people.an Fiftyeven souri,freightingand venturetogetherto theythe settlementsstarted a buffaloOregon slaughteredTrail and forfor thefood manyand

five thousand travelers signed their in Utah. In 1849 they made up a sport. The government promised to

names to the fort's register. The caravan of fifty wagons loaded with pay an annuity of fifty thousand dolLatter-day Saint influx to Utah was seventy thousand dollars worth of lars for fifty years. Presents were

estimated at five thousand. Towns merchandise. Mr. Holladay carried distributed, the council disbanded,

and cities sprang up mushroomlike a letter of recommendation to Presiand the tribes went their way. Prosalong the California and Oregon dent Brigham Young. In a conferpects for peace did indeed look bright,

coasts and in the mountain valleys ence assembled in Salt Lake City in but peace was not to endure for of Utah. With this rapid growth in 1849, President Young announced the long.

the commonwealth came a variety of expected arrival of Mr. Holladay with

business opportunities, chief of which his load of goods. It was a much apDuring the years from 1850 to

was overland freighting. The colorpreciated gesture of friendship, and 1855 an estimated 155,000 persons

ful trio of Russell, Majors, and Wadthe entire stock of merchandise was trekked past Fort Laramie. During the

spring, early autumn, and summer, dell their profit. similar freightgigantic at organized fine sold a soon A chain unbroken there an almost was

firming in exduring this period 1850 undertaken venture and was made this of migration. undertake To

history.transportation carried trains cept broadthe that wagon The western journey with slowmoving

wheeled, heavilyladen wagons, conone hundred and fifty thousand doloxen required a stout and courageous stantly into the valley, the dust along the lars of goods churned worth heart. The accumulated fears of illold trail successfully past the fort. Holladay again Mr. and

ness, choking dust, heat, mirages,

Simultaneously, another interesting disposed of the entire stock. At the

treacherous rivers, and always the apfigure by the name of Ben Holladay height of his fame in transportation, prehension of Indian difficulties did entered the picture. Gifted with a Mr. Holladay hired fifteen thousand

genius for organization and showmanmen, had twenty thousand wagons not deter them. The trail tested the

ship, he became the West's greatest and one hundred and fifty thousand mettle of everyone. All the good and

transportation king. A partnership animals for transporting one hundred bad qualities of human nature are

was formed with Theodore Warner, million pounds of freight between the forced to the surface under the stimuli a leading merchant of Weston, Misbroad Missouri and the Rocky Moun- {Continued on page 279) 252 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The Bufcher,the Baker,the CandlestickMaker

They Help Produce Copper tor You

The butcher doesn't operate a churn drill at of the Utah Copper family, plus 22,000 employed

Kennecott's Bingham Mine. The baker isn't a in other Utah industries furnishing them supplies

crusher operator at the Magna or Arthur mill. and services. This makes a total of 27,500 Utahns

The candlestick maker isn't in charge of an elec-—13.7% of our State's 200,000 families—who

trolytic furnace at the refinery. Yet these, reprecan trace their earnings directly to the successful

sentative of hundreds of Utah businesses, help mining, milling and refining operations of this the 5500 members of the Utah Copper family pioneer Utah enterprise.

produce the copper that means so much to everySo you see—the benefits brought to us by the

one in our State. continued success of Kennecott's operations result

Here is the picture—for each member of the from the direct efforts of many people—5500

Utah Copper family, four additional Utahns are members of the Utah Copper family and 22,000 employed in our State, supplying Utah Copper other Utahns representing nearly every activity and the individual members of the family with and industry in our State.

needed services and supplies. In other words, one This interindependence of people and jobs

job at Utah Copper makes four other jobs. is a major factor in Utah's progress and the wellIt adds up to this—there are 5500 members being of us all.

Utah Copper Division KENNECOTT COPPER CORPORATION? GOOD NEIGHBOR HELPING TO BUILD BETTER UTAH

APRIL 1953 253

Ancient Temples and Their Uses (Continued from page 231) worship of a god and those confined to the worship of a dead king. The latter

are usually called mortuary temples. 7

Ritual in Egyptian temples is described by Miss Margaret Murray as follows The daily ritual in a temple varied little from one temple to another, except in the few details which differentiated the lives of gods or goddesses. It was practically the

same as that of their fellowdeity, the

Pharaoh. The god was roused in the morning by the singing of a hymn of praise;

then followed his morning toilet, the perfuming with incense or other scents, the decking with robes and crowns; after which

came the first meal of the day, in other words the morning sacrifice. That finished,

the god was brought out with chants and hymns into the main part of the temple to transact business by receiving petitions, giving judgment in difficult cases, receiving and acknowledging offerings; in the afternoon he retired to his private apartments,

where he either rested or was entertained with music and dancing girls; in the evening he appeared again and had his evening

meal (the evening sacrifice), then retired for the night, the robes and crown were the before him, incense burnt was removed, We Can Arrange Immediate doors shrine the sung, was evening hmyn him, and he was left to shut upon were Financing for New Home peace. in night pass the

Construction or Remodeling On certain special festivals the god was carried out in procession. On these occasions it was not unusual to carry the image

If it's a new home you want... or an old home of the god to some place where there was

made over for better living... see TriState beena disputeasked overto settle.land whichThe godthe coulddeity thushad

the disof viewing opportunity the for ideas, modern materials and prompt financhave to be enabled property and would puted 8 ing. We will be happy to enter into your plans give a more reasoned decision.

... suggesting ways and means to accomplish Abraham tells us that the earliest

the most for your building dollars. Materials Egyptian Pharaoh was a good man

who attempted to imitate the true are the finest and the widest in variety... and order of priesthood. Here is Abraas a final step, we will be happy to arrange ham's account:

for financing on low, monthly terms. Now the first government of Egypt was

established by Pharaoh, the eldest son of

HOME BUILDERS Egyptus,after the mannerthe daughterof the ofgovernmentHam, andofitHam,was

SERVICE which was patriarchal.

Includes scores of plans, Pharaoh, being a righteous man, estabhis people judged lished his and kingdom blueprints and specificaall seeking days, his justly andmm tions for modern established that order imitate to homes wiselyearnestly in first generations, fathers in the the by PLAN obtainableate costs. Ideas,at verytoo,moderon all

first patriarchal of the reign, even the days types of modernizing, decin the reign of Adam, and also of Noah, orating and yard improvehis father, who blessed him with the blessments. ings of the earth, and with the blessings

See the TriState store in your community ofthewisdom,Priesthood.but cursed him as pertaining to

Now, Pharaoh being of that lineage by which he could not have the right of Priesthood, notwithstanding the Pharaohs would (Continued on page 256)

7A good popular description of Egyptian temples will be found in Margaret Murray's The Splendour

That Was Egypt; also, her Egyptian Temples.

'Ibid., pp. 183, 184.

254 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Xr mumt OF ENDURING BEAUTY

fBBO&x&M&M '""",<""1 ""1"1

A new LDS Temple will soon rise above the Los Angeles landscape... a symbol of the growing importance of the

the Church on Coast West... a great new mecca for Church "n j 'iwiiPi'fan

workers entire the from area. 'v,r ''

Church architect, Edward O. Anderson, in counsel with many jff*

Specialists, selected for this inspiring building a material of sparkling beauty and ageless durability—ARCHITECTURAL CAST

STONE with MoSai finish. This product is manufactured by

Otto Buehner & Company and will coyer the entire facing, including the steeple and the ornamental grill work. The 7'xfcV

Buehner stone units will be made of quartz aggregate set in a warmtoned matrix to produce this material of enduring beauty.

t-.* '"x

en in Concrete for over half a centum

4 CITY,..'A:;fc.WILMINGTON..-.........."..-AVE. SALT. LAKE.''>.'........ UJ A-

APRIL 1953 255 ANCIENT TEMPLES AND THEIR USES

(Continued from, page 254) was hollow so as to facilitate its refain claim it from Noah, through Ham, moval during the journeys of the therefore my father was led away by their Israelites; whenever they pitched it, it...9 idolatry;

was filled with earth, and sacrifices

It is possible that in the temples were burned thereon.

built by the early Pharaohs, attempts The tabernacle proper (see illuswere also made to imitate the holy tration) was thirty cubits long, ten endowments, but of this we have litwide and ten high, which would be tle or no certain knowledge as yet. equivalent to fortyfive feet by fifteen

It would be interesting to study the feet by fifteen feet. Its small size

temples of other ancient peoples, if may surprise many. It was divided

the scope of this article permitted: into two main parts, the front division

the Babylonian temple, with its being called the Holy Place and the zikurat (ziggurat) construction of back part the Holy of Holies. The

stage towers; the Greek temple, with tabernacle was divided by a white

its chaste beauty; and the Middle linen veil embroidered with leaves

American temple, with its close and flowers and figures of cherubim parallels to the Babylonian type. Our in blue, purple, and scarlet thread.

interest here is mainly in temples or South of the Holy Place was stationed plan your kitchen sacred structures in which we are sure a sevenbranched lamp stand of gold, the true priesthood played a part. and on the north side stood the table

this NEW, sure way! Thisof thenarrowsancientusHebrews.pretty much to those ofwoodtheoverlaidshewbreadwith madegold, containingof shittim

Now you can have fun planning Let us now look at the Hebrew twelve trays, each one of which conyour kitchen with our marvelous Tabernacle, which was constructed tained a loaf of bread so that all the

Curtis Planning Kitchen new repreof Israel were Tribes Twelve Kit! in desert the Israeland used by the

cabiCurtis miniature can fit You of were bread sented. The loaves ites in that desolate as land as well nets right into a little room that's

scaled to the size of your kitchen in Palestine before the building of known as the loaves of presentation;

families the exactly combinations choosing and their the priests but none Solomon's description Temple. The

budget. that your and needs fit your of ark of them. partake The to were of will the tabernacle in be found Curtis in use our Stop and the two containing the covenant, Exodus, 3639. 2528 Chapters and let it help Planning Kitchen Kit—

make your new kitchen more When the Lord gave command that tables of stone on which the ten charming more convenient! and written and were commandments the tabernacle erected, should be he

obligation! There's no was placed budded, rod that said, a Aaron's them "And let make me

sanctuary; that I may dwell among within the Holy of Holies. The lid

them."10 This statement gives the of the ark was known as the mercy

with cherubim two over it were tabernacle a more than ordinary inseat; UURTlS told Lord wings. The outstretched terest to us. WOODWORK

The attention of the reader is Moses these words:

called to the cuts of Dr. Baurat C.... I will commune with thee from above

Schick's reconstructions of the taberthe mercy seat, from between the two chertesti- of the ark the are upon which thee give I will which of all things mony,MORRISONMERRILL & CO. nacleThese reconstructionsand its immediatewill saveprecincts.us the ubim of children the unto BUILDING MATERIAL DISTRIBUTORS in commandment

205 NORTH 3rd WEST SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH pain of long descriptions. The open Israel. 11

is in the tabernacle which Boise, Twin Falls, Pocatello, Idaho, Reno, Nevada space that words learn from these We cubits long one hundred shown was tabernacle of the function great one fifty dimencubits wide. These and where place suitable a to provide units was usual sions, to our according speak Israel of could leaders the great

of measurement, would be approxito their God. Did the tabernacle

mately one hundred fifty feet by proper have other important funcseventy- five feet, assuming the cubit tions? That it did is implied by these NOTICE to be about eighteen inches. The words of the Lord to the Prophet

about the curtain IN linen shown SPECIALIZE OLD AND white WE

PUBLI- L.D.S. in position by Joseph Smith: held outer court was OF PRINT OUT

CATIONS. IF YOU ARE DEsixty posts with silver caps and brass And again, verily I say unto you, how

me, acceptable unto be washings shall your OBTAINING OF SIROUS court to the entrance OR sockets. The which in a house them ye perform except PLEASE SUBMIT SELLING, its were emhangings East, and faced built to name? have you my LISTS TO... YOUR scarlet. purple, blue, and in broidered that I Moses this cause commanded For,

In the outer court will be seen (see he should build a tabernacle, that they

ZION'S BOOKSTORE illustration) the altar of burnt offer- [the Hebrews] should bear it with them in

East South 2nd 65 the to build a house in wilderness, and the or of acacia was made ing, which CITY LAKE SALT 1, UTAH might ordinances those that of promise, land It brass. with overlaid shittim wood 4-3465 Phone

vibid., 25:22.

"Abraham 1:2527. (Continued on page 258) 10Exodus 25:8.

256 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

inZiEE toilet tissue SOFTER tlian ever before...

WHITER than ever before...

MORE ABSORBENT than ever before

te too QUALITY ROLLS cooks co&* of the color you like in each thrifty, easyto-carry FlMLYPAlfe

Warn

"PWMWBW () 1952 AtSO TRY ZEE LUNCHEON NAPKINS'DINNER NAPKINS 'FACIAL TISSUE* WAXED PAPER 'PAPER TOWELS 'Crown Zelle rbach Corporation

APRIL 1953 257 ANCIENT TEMPLES AND THEIR USES

(Continued from page 256) sealing powers resided in Nathan and in the heavens before the foundation of be revealed which had been hid from before other prophets by which Moses, the world, in the priesthood, for the salvaare altered or tion not to be of men,the was. 12 world their David, and others had Solomon,

changed. saved be the same All must on revelation it is obvious this From given concubines to them wives and principles.14

that certain ordinances or endowments for time and all eternity. And may

for the living were given in the taberwe not suppose that, even as now, That the faithful in Israel from the nacle and subsequently in the Hebrew the sacred rites necessary for such days of Moses to the time of Solomon temples. Just how much of the holy marriages were conducted whenever received important endowments in

endowment was given the Hebrew possible in the tabernacle or in the tabernacle, there can be little people under the Law of Moses we Solomon's Temple? Notice these doubt. The tabernacle was used for

are not in a position to say. In this words from the mouth of Joseph holy ordinances until the people were

connection we should examine anSmith: in a position to construct a beautiother scripture; in another revelation ful temple to the Lord.

... of the gathering object the was Whatgiven to Joseph Smith, the Lord gave to attention us turn our Now let

of in people any age or the God Jews,this explanation: of Solomon's Temple. need say We... the world?

little carthe ordinances concerning build the unto to object was main The conwives and received also many David this ried in reveal temples could succeeding he unto and a house on whereby Lord Moses also and my Solomon cubines, and of his house ordinances the and his people Israel. the in apparently were They servants, of others also as servants, my many

teach the of glories his kingdom, and the in this taberthose as until performed the of creation same beginning the from are there of for salvation; the people way in sin save they did nothing in of time; and nacle. temple Solomon was The that, principles ordinances certain when and of received not me. they things which those constructed the evidently on same practised, be taught must are done they and given were concubines and wives David's as tabernacle, general the that for but purpose. built model or house in place a

of Nathan, the of hand by me, unto him of It councils the of design the heaven its was part in dimensions every were prophets of the others who servant, andmy principles the that 13 the before world was, as great.. twice In.. modern about power. this of keys thehad predof priesthood be should the laws and

its units dimensions about would be of people the gathering the icated upon

These words lead one to believe, in every age of the world. Jesus did everyninety feet long, thirty feet broad,

with good reason, that keys of the thing to gather the people, and they would and fortyfive feet high. It will thus

V*D. & C. 124:3738. not be gathered, and he therefore poured "Joseph Fielding Smith, Teachings of the Prophet

Ihid., 132:3839. out curses upon them. Ordinances instituted Joseph Smith, pp. 307308.

No appointment is necessary when you visit the skilled optometrists at Standard Optical for a complete PAY NOTHING DOWN

Drop in at eye examination. ONLY $1 A WEEK your convenience to

find out if your vision is up to par. FOR AMERICA'S FINEST GLASSES

Standard MODERN OFFICES THROUGHOUT THE WEST 258 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA be seen that the temple of Solomon was surprisingly small. Its appointments were exceedingly lavish, however, and for that reason it has been

called a "jewel."

Until recently, Dr. Schick's reconstruction of the temple of Solomon

has held the field. (See illustration.)

This famous model is now in the

Harvard Semitic Museum. However,

a few years ago a more scientific model was constructed when two men, Mr. E. G. Howland of Troy,

Ohio, and Dr. Paul Leslie Garber,

professor of Bible at Agnes Scott College, Decatur, Georgia, collaborated in this worthy undertaking. Their

work continued over a period of four and onehalf years. They were aided

by a grant from the Carnegie Foundation, and many educational institutions and Bible scholars gave advice and encouraged them in their efforts.

Their model incorporates the latest views of scholars on the Biblical text and makes use of pertinent archaeological data acquired during the last twentyfive years. Whereas the Schick

model included both the temple and The special Wicks Organ its immediate environs, the Howlandand console designed for

Garber reconstruction is restricted althe Boston, American

Guild of Organists Convention.

most to the temple alone. Through Details and price for this size

the courtesy of Mr. Howland, a proinstrument gladly furnished.

fessional model maker, I am able to present to Era readers a number of of the he photographs model which tfowT. YOU CAN OWN

illustrations can tell built. 15 These

I at a glance than the reader more A WICKS PIPE ORGAN of paragraphs impart can in many description. (See page 214.)... at the price of imitations

The only feature of these photos -is service finer nothing or Tabernacle for Church at There I desire to comment which upon... best instrument than the This WICKS ORGAN. is sea"or the "molten any length it is specifically fills the case, of the organist. In need each

fount supported by twelve oxen. The built to meet the demands of the service for which it is

fount is shown in the courtyard of intended.

distance from a little the temple the The WICKS ORGAN

Latterof southeast corner it. Many is a joy to play—andis itsbeautifullow performanceto see and toandhear.mainIt

day Saints, I am sure, have always tenance costs will amaze you. Fortysix years of inbeen under the impression that this tensive research have resulted in this genuine pipe organ

fount was under the temple and giving to the world one of the great instruments of all stood as a symbolical representation time. of the fact that baptismal work for Prices start at $2975—(Complete details upon request).

take Dowling the dead would someday 1651 Ashland the case suchThat is shown was not Calif. place. Please—for expertwrite topersonalthe nearestserviceRepresentativeand advice. SantaLeonard Monica,

in II Chronicles and Josephus. Notice Chas. Melvin W. Dunn Hansen Lynn W. Gararden H. Vernon

1st 10708 Ave., 8u Ave. 603 AllenN.W. Donald Ave. 25 S. Mac Gate 98 Golden these words:

33, Washington City, Salt Arizona Lake Utah Seattle 2, Calif. Mesa, Francisco San

... the sea was for the priests to wash

set the the sea at [Solomon] in... and he

page) (Continued following on Zhe WICKS ORGAN

full description in a Readers who may be interested are to COMPANY referred reconstruction of the HowlandGarber

Reconstruc- a brochure Temple—A Please write Dept. E-2

E. tion, obtained Mr. G. from which entitledmay be Solomon's HowWICKS for iland, nominal Ave., Troy, a Ohio 609 Michigan

article dollar. Dr. also Paul price of See an by one

of entitled Solomon's Reconstruction Leslie Garber "A HIGHLAND... ILLINOIS

Archaeology, appeared in Vol which Temple,"5, ORGANS 3 1952). (September Number

APRIL 1953 259 ANCIENT TEMPLES AND THEIR USES (Continued from preceding page) In the reign of Ahaz (736721 right side of the house eastward, over against B.C.), the king took down the "sea"

the south.16 from off the brazen oxen and put it

Josephus says: upon a stone pavement. 18 When

Now, he [Solomon] appointed the sea to Nebuchadnezzar captured Jerusalem for feet the the hands be washing and of in 590 B.C. (Book of Mormon chropriests the into entered the they temwhen

he broke the fount to ple and were to ascend the altar;.., 17 nology),

pieces. 19 It is quite clear that Josephus regarded the fount as being outside the It is of additional interest to us that temple proper. scholars affirm the fact that "seas"

lflII Chron. 4:6, 10; cf. I Kings 7:39. 18II Kings 16:17.

17Antiquities, vii. 3, 6. "Ibid., 25:13; Jeremiah 27:1922.

9i

Jke luMviit or pleasant jastimeS

Richard L. Evans

ften we complain o busy—sometimesabout being busy,at andessentialcertainlythingsat timesand we are—too

sometimes at nonessential things. And because we are so

busy, we may sometimes wish for inactivity, even for idleness; we may wish for the leisure to pursue what have come

to be called pleasant pastimes. But before we sever ourselves from pressing assignments, before we turn away from

work, before we disengage ourselves from real responsibility, we should take a realistic look at what are sometimes called pleasant pastimes. There are times for all of us when leisure

is essential for rest and refreshment. And there may be

times when even the avid pursuit of pleasure may seem attractive on the surface. But actually people sometimes pursue

amusement and synthetic pleasure to the point where it is more work than work is. And sometimes it seems that a

Chinook, Montana considerable part of the people are working at relieving the boredom of another considerable part of the people who

Dear Sirs: are bored because they aren't working. Why this great

We have just received our effort anyway to pass time? As the poet said, so each of us

Eras"and "Improvement bound could too swift! time ceasing!"never say: "O 1—O swiftness thrilled with are would it. We swifter, are. a swiftness ever at whatever age we And some like for to thank much you very

the lovely job you have done. of the socalled pastimes and synthetic pursuits only press

Our only wish would be that us faster along a road which already we scarcely seem to everyone who subscribes to the sample before we leave the years breathlessly behind. AlImprovement Era could see ready an appreciable part of this year has passed. From now

how lovely the 12 issues are till next week will seem in its shortness almost as if it were bound into one book that will tomorrow morning. And it seems ironical that men should

last for years. so persistently pursue the socalled pastimes when time, which

Thanking you again, we reis the essence of all our opportunities, is already running a main. race which it always wins, without any synthetic assistance.

Sincerely, And as to pressure, as to being busy: It is so much better than

Mr. and Mrs. the opposite of being busy that we may well be grateful for

Clare A. Johnson the urgency that presses us into constructive pursuits.

1George Peele, Polyhymnia, 1590.

The cost is just $3.00 per volume (F.O.B. Salt Lake

City; postpaid, add 30c. Canada and other foreign

countries add 75c). Jhe Spoken Word FROM TEMPLE SQUARE

PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING Save your Eras and send them for binding to

SYSTEM, JANUARY 25, 1953 Copyright, 1953 1 Deseret News Press I 31 Richards Street Salt Lake City, Utah 260 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

were built in Babylonian temples. 20

Solomon's Temple stood for several hundred years but was finally destroyed by the Babylonians under m y, --*>oA inNebuchadnezzar. Pi,eoSe

& the from Jews returned When the Order By t. pa,l h '*ncln:/> 9-95# di(im 4-5 captivity, they built anBabylonian

other temple, which has been called M Nt"n* or Zerubbabel's templethe second. res*... m the Persian Mail With 4 rTemple. know that We

building the authorized CyrusKing yer -. ( feet) sixty cubitsof structure a (90.f.'Vwi/.

21 the height, butin Confidence and breadth, Con>PletJ!,Qn*n9

J"***,; 'y <W,jJ th*Of the of of parts several thedimensions

temple are not known. In general, cr**t. &

however, the plan of Solomon's Temple was followed, but on a far less lavish scale. When the foundation

was laid, the people sang and shouted, but many of the old priests and men WHAT A WONDERFUL who had seen Solomon's Temple wept with loud voices when they contemplated the fact that the new structurewould not be as grand as the first WAY TO SAY house. 22 The second temple was

completed in the sixth year of Darius,..which was about 515 B.C. The Holy YOU".

of Holies in this sanctuary was empty, because the ark of the covenant had disappeared when Jerusalem was destroyed by Nebuchadnezzar. Not

many years after the completion of this temple (see photo of Schick's reconstruction), the Jews had become worldly and unworthy of administering the holy rites of the temple. The book of Malachi (1:2-2:17;

3:5-18) is a great protest against the

corruption and unworthiness of the people. We are not in a position to

say how long the Lord was willing to accept the ordinances performed in the second temple following its dedication, but it cannot have been many years.

Herod's Temple superseded Zerubbabel's Temple. We are indebted

to Josephus 23 for full descriptions of the structure, with which he was completely familiar. The Mishnah (part

of the Hebrew Talmud) also conPay tains descriptions of the building. nothing

The materials for the new temple down. Take

were assembled before the second temple was dismantled. Work on the months to pay

temple of Herod was commenced in the eighteenth year of the king's reign (2019 B.C.), and the main

structure was built by priests in about a year and a half. The cloisters

were completed in eight years, but (Continued on following page)

2See J. A. Montgomery in International Critical

Commentary,mEzra 6:3; Josephus,"Kings,"p.Antiquities,173. xi. 4, 6; cf. xv.

11, 1. 22Ezra 3:1013.

ziAntiquities, xv. 11; War v. 5.

APRIL 1953 261 NEW DRIPLESS Plastic Sacrament Set Ancient{ContinuedTemplesfrom andprecedingTheirpage)Uses buildof courts area entire and with AUTOMATIC LOCKING folding handles the until about 64 finished ings was not

A.D., in the procuratorship of

Albinus. 24 The temple proper was

built of great blocks of white stone.

Its length and breadth were the same as Solomon's Temple, but its height was greater, being forty cubits (sixty feet). It was even more lavish in its

appointments. Herod's Temple was

divided into the Holy of Holies and the Holy Place on much the same lines as those in the previous temples.

The Holy of Holies was empty and was separated from the Holy Place by means of a veil. 25

One wonders to what extent those who ministered in the temple of

Herod had proper power and authority. There must have been some

good priests, even if the majority. of

them were deserving of the Savior's

Here is the long needed ideal Sacrament Set that practically denunciations. Zacharias, the father

illusis a good Baptist, the John of inconvenience of dripping water and exof the problems eliminates 26 priest. of a righteous such tration space. cessive storage

During the great siege of Jerusalem,

Set consist of 2 pieces, a bread and water tray, in beautiful in A.D. 70, the temple of Herod was

before long Savior as the destroyed appearing plastic (choice of Crystal or Milk White).

27 be. it would predicted had

Note the large sturdy handles (all handles are Crystal) that autoOn the site of Herod's Temple, matically lock in place. Handles fold down, out of the way, when not A.D. 136 or thereabouts, the Emperor

in use; requiring only 1/3 the'space of old type sets. Hadrian dedicated a temple (see illustration). The ruins of this strucWater trays feature a special rim around each individual cup ture were seen by the Bordeau Pilopening as well as around outer edge of tray. This practically grim in A.D. 333.

eliminates inconvenience of dripping water. This is a special patented Emperor Julian undertook to refeature. build the temple, but his plans were

frustrated. In A.D. 534 Emperor

Since there are no water stains or condensation, Sets are easier Justinian built the Basilica (see to clean and keep clean. Schick's reconstruction) in honor of

Mary over the place where the porch

ORDER FOR YOUR WARD TODAY... Sets available at the of Solomon had stood. In A.D. 637

Presiding Bishop's Office—Salt Lake City—or Order Direct from the conquering Mohammedans turned

the Basilica into a mosque.

THE PLASTICAL COMPANY3575 Manchester Blvd., Inglewood, Cal. Sultan Abdal-Malik built (A.D.

691) on the site of Solomon's Temple the Dome of the Rock (it should not be called "Mosque of Omar") essentially as we see it today in Jerusalem. U)sl QnviisL jul Jo ULtJL (See illustration.)

of branch another The Nephites, STORE OUR NEW temples upon people, built Hebrew at this (the American) continent, but

City Salt Street, Lake South Main 155 the Book of Mormon says little about

Store) of Eastman location Kodak (Former

Most beautifully appointed and completely stocked photographic store them. (See illustrations on page 215.)

in the Intermountain West When Nephi and those who be- (Concluded on page 264)

Josephus, Antiquities, xv. 15, 5 and 6; xx. 9, 7; CO. cf John 2:20. MATERIALS UTAH PLto 25Josephus, War v. 5, 5. Supplies Since 1909——Photographic 1:5-23. Luke

W. Earl Lyman, Owner of 27MatthewMatthew 2424:1-2;in "Writingssee also ofJosephJosephSmith'sSmith,"revisionPearl

of Great Price, THEverses 2-4.IMPROVEMENT ERA 262

Tickle Your taste with these Spring Desserts

These kitchentested recipes are guaranteed to be favorites with the whole family from Dad to Grandad.

The pure U and I Sugar you use in this cake recipe not only sweetens it but helps to make it tender and moist. In frozen

desserts, U and I Sugar lowers the freezing point of the mixture and improves the texture.

For the very finest and purest... always buy U and I Sugar.

r 1 l Delightful as i i A winner for$S2M.Cy

a May flower company dinner i SPRING CREAM FREEZEISPRING.FLOWER CAKEj

-"*''diced cups rhubarb, 2 eggs, unpeeled 2 separated gelatin 1 tbs. yolks, unfavored beaten 6 egg

1 Vb salt *| milk teaspoon cup cold Vi water cup and cup I SUGAR U %

I 3/4 1 tablespoon cup and lemon juice U SUGAR whites,i beaten juice egg 6 cup lemon 3A and % c. U Foodi V/2 tbs. grated lemon1 largerindor 2 small, Angel Cakes1 SUPERFINE SUGAR i| Simmer rhubarb, saltVz andteaspoonVz cupvanillasugarextractin saucepan until tender.

juice milk, yolks, lemon Combine to rhubarb egg and vanilla. Add rind. juice low of yolks, sugar, and on Cook custard lemon Makei

in firm. refrigerator tray until freeze whites, Beat and adding egg gelatin heat; the from spoon. coats Remove add mixture until heat

in remaining frozen gradually. V* Beat cup sugar mixture bowl whites remaining cup Foldi in beaten | in and egg water. 3A softened

sugar. Break cake into small pieces and make a layer of cake in | until fluffy and smooth, fold in egg whites and return to

i an oiled 10"tube pan. Add custard and cake in alternate layers. freezing tray.

Chill or freeze.

i I -Your Meets Every Quality Test—U and I

i J

APRIL 1953 263 ANCIENT TEMPLES AND THEIR USES

Specially Conducted (Concluded from page 262) of Bountiful 33 that the resurrected, lieved as he did separated themselves glorified Savior appeared to the

ALL GIRL TOUR fromfled totheira landunrighteouswhere theybrethren,erectedtheya Nephitestaught themfor threethe successivethings spokendays andof temple after the model of Solomon's. in chapters 1128 in 3 Nephi.

Here is Nephi's account of the conWe know that up to the time of t. struction: the coming of Christ, the Nephites, EUROPE

like to observe obliged were the Jews, FROM NEW YORK 34 And I, Nephi, did build a temple; and Therefore, of Moses. what the law

of it after the construct manner did ordithe regarding observed have the we it built not save were ONLY templeI of Solomon in the given nances endowments and things; were for they precious of so many

not to be found upon the land, wherefore, it ancient tabernacle probably applied to could not be built like unto Solomon's temthe temples erected by the Nephites ple. But the manner of the construction prior to the coming of Christ. During

was like unto the temple of Solomon; and the Savior's visitation to this people

the 28 workmanship thereof was exceeding on this continent, he quoted and exfine.

TOUR FEATURES: plained to them chapters three and

Sailing from New York June 24, and Nephi, of course, took the specificafour of the book of Malachi. 35 Inasvisiting all major European countries. tions of Solomon's Temple from the much as many of Malachi's -words

meals, of lodging Elijah and Cost includes the coming with have to do plates, doubtcultural brass they were where of interest. points to all events, and visits priestof the sealing powers and the found not less given with an exactness

FREE itinerary and travel inforin our present scriptures. hood, our Lord must have explained mation... call or write—in full the necessity of having temhave ordinances of the ples the nature and

29 but UNIVERSAL taughtNephi'sin thisbrotheridenticalJacobtemple,must both performed in them to be

TRAVEL SERVICE King Benjamin's last oration to his living and the dead. After Christ'sfor the

Hotel Temple Square people could not possibly have been coming, ordinance work for the dead

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH delivered in the same building, becould be performed, because he had

Phone 5-6552, 5-5924 cause the temple in which he stood conquered death through his resurwas in the land of Zarahemla, whither rection. Prior to the resurrection,

his father, the elder Mosiah,'had fled onlv ordinance work for the living away from the main body of the was possible.

30 Nephites.

Zeniff of seem also people The the for either ordinance work to about 43 Years Ago Unfortunately, little is known because King built temple a have on by as carried or the dead living

Schubach became Limhi sent a proclamation to his peothe Saints on this continent or in

Famous for Diamonds"! ple to gather there.31 Palestine and surrounding lands folAmulek also mentions the writing lowing our Lord's resurrection. Bapof God upon the wall of a temple, tism for the dead is mentioned in I

but we have no means of knowing Corinthians 15:29, but little or noth32 temauthorized is told us about ing to. is referred temple% sWS? what

in structures sacred other or ples in the land temple the near It was IfgwlgsFT/ ordinances holy other this and which 282 Nephi 5:16. might have been carried on.

11. 2:2, 1:17; 2Jacob

333 11:1-2. Nephi 2:8. 1:18; 1215; Mosiah Omni

4:5. Jacob See 19:5. 12; 11:10, also see siMosiah 7:17; c3?: *>See

24:1; 26:1. 3 Nephi See 10:2. Alma%f*

THE ROMANCE OE TEMPLE BUILDING

Since 1910, "Schubach"has (Continued from page 237) cause of the burning, for the parties been synonymous with the the facts. It was found that the encould have stopped in one of the cook

BEST in diamonds! Times may tire mill was burned with the excephouses near the mill. Indications are

change, but the superior qualtion of the pen stock and flume. The that the work was that of an inity and outstanding VALUE loss is estimated at $3,000. Tracks cendiary."

of felt the was that sorrow was the snow The found in were Schubach Diamonds never of two men varies!"true tried and that for a as of the right same the mouth from leading

"Famous for Diamonds"hand forks of Logan Canyon to the friend, for the sawmill had served the mill and back to the forks again. It citizens in their need in building the

is -evident that carelessness in leaving temple.

Fine Stores Seven—Salt and Broadway Lake City, Utah the fire through camping was not the Even today the cost of the erection Corner Mam

264 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ofpendous—onethe Logan Templehalf a millionwoulddollarsbe stubut at the time when it was erected

it was nothing short of miraculous that the people in their dire need and poverty could have given of the very necessities to build this monument to the Lord.

The building of temples has been its own reward to the people who have erected them. Through the

ordinances administered therein, they have bound their dead to themselves, the living, and have tied together the families as units for eternal love and association. No sacrifice is too great

in this eternal covenant which will bring lasting happirftSr to mankind.

"... all Over

of Jo

ground was broken iJ&e/ structure on December 19, 1939a!#W October 19, 1940, PresicfepyDavid O.

McKay, then Secondjinselor to President Heber J. Grant, laid the

cornerstone amid appropriate ceremonies. President George Albert

Smith offered the dedicatory prayer

September 23, 1945.

The temple, striking in appearance, has a white exterior and is built with reinforced concrete. During construction the concrete was bonded

with a facing—slabs, two inches

thick, made of selected aggregates which had been tooled and finished. You'll feel carefree as a child when your bathroom is

The structure is adorned with marble Hexol clean. For you've protected your family by banishing

from Utah, France, Italy, and contagion spreading germs.

Sweden. The building is two stories

high (not including the tower) and And it's so easy to use this effective germicidedeodorant.

is 95 x 131 feet. The tower rises Just run a little water into your wash basin and add

about 150 feet. Hexol. Dampen a cloth in this snowywhite solution and

Sixteen hundred evergreens have go over tub, basin and floor.

been used in landscaping the temple grounds. Numerous other trees and Pour a little Hexol from the bottle into the toilet

flowers help to beautify the property. bowl. Then you are sure your bathroom is fresh

Three picturesque lagoons, joined by and pleasant, as clean as it can be.

manmade waterfalls, are also part of these grounds.

As one enters this, the most recently dedicated temple of the the pleasant

Church, from its annex, one is greeted bathroom by the soulsearching admonition of germicide -deodorant the Old Testament prophet, Habakkuk: "... the Lord is in his holy

temple: let all the earth keep silence AT ALL DRUG COUNTERS

before him."(Hab. 2:20.)

APRIL 1953 265 THE STICK OF JUDAH AND THE STICK OF JOSEPH (Continued from page 250) discourse on the subject, is the rod times as his identification and passby which God teaches his people. 113 we uoup port. 112 The connection between staff The double function of the rod, says

and book is here not far to seek Gregory of Nyssen, is that of conbolizing is all scripture offices for that the of the beby which Jew hupcn the staff is a mark and token, symsolation and direction, which are the 114 to is the scroll world; the the rod is If the a lievers. known symstep closer to home—it is almost the bolic means by which Judah is identithing itself. rest of apart the from says fied and set The scripture, 5 4menca Clement the of Alexandria use a the world of such in an eloquent (and

ine4 t 3 V<>.>x3sN3s>5"Ov>5>

(Lsleciwnic Lsnfan c=Lo$t rnterva\

Richard L. Evans

'"There are many circumstances and situations in which we may feel that we are marking time-—or worse—wasting

time. There are times when we are waiting for people and

appointments when we feel cheated as we think of what we might have done with the time we waste in waiting. There

are times of routine travel, of commuting between places when the interval may seem more or less lost. There

are times when we are pressed into pursuits not of our own choosing, on detours from our intended destination—as for

example time spent in making a living at uninteresting routine work, or while preparing for other pursuits, or time spent by young men in military service when they are eager to settle down to other purposes. In these unavoidable interruptions,

on these side trips on side roads, there is often much more

Connsonata offers amazing that can be salvaged than is sometimes supposed. Wherever

performance and thrilling a man is, he has his mind with him. Wherever he is, he

of solo tone, selection wide least, at in blueprint concan think and pursue, and plan full rich, "voices"organ and arrange structive can purposes. wherever he is, he Almost effects. to Daynes Come

.., it see trivia hear Music and to books. It best or the trash but from read—not

. it! it. at compare so. isn't a often wherever always so, Almost it can be but. obligation... out Find no. why

more and more people are man is, he can write. It takes only simple tools to write

buying Connsonata after tryand some significant writings have come even from within ing all the rest. prison walls. Some interesting and profitable activities have

been pursued from the bedsides of shutins, by those who couldn't go out from where they were but who have reached 'aiines ftlusic out with what they had, with some wonderfully useful results. A man may be immobilized without immobilizing

4547 SOUTH MAIN his mind. Some of the most successful people have learned

t 5aftfate City 145 NORTH UNIVERSITY, PROVO w'2260 WASHINGTON BLYC.OGDEK what to do with odd moments, with the inbetween times

that so many of us waste—sometimes just sitting, sometimes

just waiting, sometimes with impatient pacing. Almost

wherever a person is he can find some constructive purpose

TO WARD BISHOPS to pursue, without wasting time in shoddy or trivial or tawdry pursuits. In a sense we can't "save"time as we can A talented group of Hawaiian musicians will leave Hawaii June 15th to save water that would otherwise run away. But often when

tour the intermountain region. we are diverted from our intended course, we can make time

serve as water that runs into a reservoir—a reservoir of If you need a good show to boost

be your ward building fund this group preparation, of stored knowledge, of acquired skills—to

might be available to you. For informaused for a better purpose at a better time and place rather

tion on rates and schedule write to than let it run downstream at the wrong season.

L. E. Clissold Jke J)poketijpoken vVordWord from temple square

56 South Main St. PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING

Salt Lake City, Utah SYSTEM, FEBRUARY 1, 1953 Copyright, 1953

266 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA..

symbol was regarded by the early

Christians as a thing of great significance and secrecy), what is the is actually by which Judahmeans is the "*'thus distinguished, i.e., what

real equivalent of the rod? It is theBible, of course. In figurative lanEa9t the Ride'fguage the Jews will recognize the

Messiah by examining the rod;

"search ye the scriptures,"said the

Lord, "for they it be that testify of me."The identity of staff and scripture was noted by the earliest and best informed of the Christian historians.

For the great Eusebius the sticks of

Ezekiel represent the Old Testament and the New Testament. 115 A cen-

.tury and a half earlier Irenaeus speaks Extra comfort

of the (hidden) meanings of the

.sticks as "hidden from us, for,"he extra pleasure

says, "since by the wood we rejected him, by the wood his greatness shall no extra fare I be made visible to everyone, and as one of our predecessors has said, by the holy reaching out of the hands the two people are led to one God.

For there are two hands and two You travel relaxed, arrive refreshed. Take

nations scattered to the ends of the your choice: sleeping cars with varied accommodations.,.or

earth.... "116 There is every indicareclining-seat coaches. Distinctive dining cars... serving

tion that the Saints of the early delicious meals.

Church regarded the teaching of the DAILY SCHEDULES sticks and the gathering as of great

The VistaDome California Zephyr leaves Salt Lake City secrecy and great significance, the 5:40 am... arrives Denver 7:00 pm... arrives Chicago 1:30 pm

of themeaning whole thing being... leaves Denver 4:00 Zephyr Denver pm The famous

lost. 117 later later Fathers took The service Salt leaves am. (Connecf/ng arrives Lake i: 9:05 Chicago

the usual allegorical liberties in dealCity 5:30 pm.)

ing with Ezekiel 37. The Texas Zephyr leaves Denver 12:01 pm... leaves Pueblo

(To be continued) 2:31 pm... arrives Ft. Worth 6:00 am... arrives Dallas 7:15 am.

(Connecf/ng service leaves Salt Lake City 5:30 pm)

REFERENCES H. J. WALTHER, General Agent

Kearns 218 Building CEm Phone: 225519 loeJewish Encyclopedia, s. v. scroll.

107Ibid. Salt Lake City, Utah

108F. S. Burnell, "Staves and Sceptres,"V:

Folklore LIX (Dec. 1948), p. 165.

100Jew. Encycl.

110 J. Lechler, Vom Hakenkreuz (Leipzig:

Kabitzsch, 1934), p. 74, fig. 6.

"*F. Cabrol & H. Leclerq, Dictionnaire

d'Archeologie Chretienne et de Liturgie.

112]ewish End., loc. cit. it n

"''Clement Alex., Paedog. I, in Patrol. Graec. VIII, 324. BURNED OUT

Xliln Patrol. Graec. XLIV, 1031 and XLV, REALLY MEANS BURNED OUT TODAY

1250. A fire may mean you are out of a place to live,

UoEusebius, Demonstr. Evang., in Patrol. with tremendous added expense before you find

Graec. XXII, 745. another.

118Irenaeus, in Patrol Graec. VII, 1171. v

"Though modern critics fail to detect Let us explain, your need for ample insurance anything of great importance or mystery in to cover today s higher values.

the rods of identification, for the earliest writers of the they were Church of great significance, as objects symbolic regarded UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY conveying a message of real, if hidden, imHEBER J. GRANT & CO., General Agents, Salt Lake City

portance: Migne, Patrol. Graec. VI, 681,

n. 43.

APRIL 1953 267 The Angel Moroni and

Cyrus E. Dallin

(Concluded from page 235) The great and enduring creationsQuickCU of art that Dallin has left us bring to mind the noted words of Paul

PICKUP Cret: "In a memorial the end to be

achieved, primarily, is the perpetuaTO WINDROW of a great of man the tion memory BAR generafuture to event great or a OR CUTTER tions."

The Church Moves On

(Continued from page 216) Scores in the allChurch M Men 25 basketball tournament:

Championship Logan Fifth 83; Salt Lake City

Twentysixth 41.

Maywood 42; Spanish Fork First 40.

Mesa Tenth 76; Eugene 28.

Edgehill 62; Reno 43.

Brigham City Fourth 69; Provo Park

Fairmont 57; Washington, D. C. 32.

Salt Lake City Thirtythird, 45;

Dublan 41.

Logan College Hill 54; Redondo Beach

Consolation

Blanding 54; Aurora 44.

Gooding 63; Mt. Emmons 47.

Sugar City 53; Salt Lake City

Seventeenth 43.

St. Anthony 64; Murray Third 56.

bye; RockUT Forage Harvester Hill Spring, bye; Mantua,

ville, bye; East Midvale, bye.

Chops hay into palatable lengths that are easy to feed and livestock like to eat. Gathering units are changed Scores in the allChurch M Men

in a few minutes. This quick, easy switch lets you work 26 games:

row crops, standing hay or windrows for silage or hay Championship... whether green, wilted, or cured... with one base

machine. Lowspeed knife wheel handles hay gently, Logan Fifth 51; Maywood 33.

helps to make Case the lightestrunning forage harvester. Salt Lake City Thirtythird 45; Logan

41. Hill Its outstanding light draft also aided by simple design College

59; Edgehill Mesa Tenth 25.

with few moving parts, antifriction bearings, oilbath Brigham City Fourth 51; Fairmont

gears, highstrength steel for light weight. All this saves 41.

power to cut extra tons with 2-plow or larger tractor.

Second Round Losers

Reno 65; Eugene 53.

PROTEIN FOR TO HAY"SEND MAKE HIGH "HOW catalogs this also other pictorial or folders. Mark Park 70; Washington, D. C, 50. book, Get

here or write in margin machines that interest you. J. I. Case Salt Lake City Twentysixth 57;

Co., Dept. D-44, Racine, Wis. Spanish Fork First 46.

Forage Blower Q D Dublan 38; Redondo Beach 35. Elevator Portable Q Q LongCutStandard-CutForageHarvesterHarvester

Baler Automatic D Consolation Name Post Office, Sugar City 48; Rockville 38.

Blanding 50; Mantua 42.

RFD State, St. Anthony 55; Hill Spring 34.

East Midvale 64; Gooding 58.

268 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA o "7'ThestatementFirst endorsingPresidencytheissuedcurrenta

Red Gross drive.

Scores in the allChurch M Men basketball tournament:

Championship

Brigham City Fourth 54; Salt Lake

City Thirtythird 33.

Edgehill 54; Logan Fifth 38.

Third Round Losers

Mesa Tenth 64; Maywood 26.

Logan College Hill 60; Fairmont 29.

Second Round Losers

Reno 47; Salt Lake City Twentysixth

Dublan 46; Park 38

Consolation

Blanding 45; East Midvale 39.

St. Anthony 56; Sugar City 49.

Scores in the allChurch M Men28 basketball tournament:

Brigham City Fourth 48; Edgehill

45. (Overtime.) First and second.

Logan Fifth 43; Salt Lake City Thirtythird 39. Third and seventh.

Mesa Tenth 47; College Hill 39.

Fourth and eighth.

Dublan 50; Reno 38. Fifth and ninth.

Blanding 62; St. Anthony 46. Sixth

and tenth. }&* What Do You Mean? Bobby

Edgehill Ward won the sportsman- g\ Be Given a Readiness Test?

ship trophy. Too many parents fail to realize, until

it is too late, that children must be /""--a readyNineto outenterofschool.ten schools now give

your child a READINESS test when enters to determine he first grade for school prepared "'H he is work. Howif mL

will your child rate? Don't suffer Teachers say they can actually rec-

3 embarrassment by having him graded ognize the child from a BOOK HOUSE

BELOW PAR. START NOW to give home. That's why thousands upon

SPRING NIGHT his mind and personality the same thousands of parents the country over %aM attention you give his body. Find out have used MY BOOK HOUSE Plan

children to get their started right for

Life. By Vesta Nickerson Lukei ( --Sp nowdo forwhatyour MYchild.BOOK HOUSE can School and for

Here lie the dead beneath the hilltop sweep As silent as the pointed cypress that bear -Mil BOOK HOUSE1For You

Tells sign FRtf habits of change. No how ore formed; I only am aware

what to expect during each of phase stirring Of spring that touches not their child's your growth; in can what you do sleep. his early years.

all feeling, Beyond sorrows cannot invite

Their tears, nor joys their awake ecstasy. FRtti ForThe famousYour characterChild building

For them no blossoms whiten the orange thatstoryteachesof "Thedetermination.tittle Engine That Could"tree

Nor wakeful mockingbird disturbs the night. Mail this coupon TODAY!

{"The BOOK HOUSE FOR CHILDREN, Dept. IE43

Here lie the sleepers far beneath the ground. 360 N. Michigan Ave., Chicago I, Illinois

booklet, Please "So Little send me—FREE—the prick of thorn No senses can sharpen so,

gift. with the child's "-together storybook Time

single Nor note arouse the world of sound

As these that the mute symbols go. Name seasons

Address train type high We Opportunity: These moments be deeply lived must

executive interesting sales for well and paid, for women Children's Names \ fear Wilcox, write Miss information, For Dorothy positions.

j Ages are: and

1, III. for Children, forget, Chicago I too forget Book House Box 287, The sleeping here. when

APRIL 1953 269

Early Houses of the Lord

(Continued from page 233) incendiary. Flames swept throughMORE FOOD VALUE

the entire structure, leaving only blackened walls. The Icarians, a

group that had settled in Nauvoo following the exodus of the Saints, atFOR YOUR MONEY tempted to rebuild the temple for a

All Mothers know both bread and milk are good school building. But while this work

in progress, in tor- a May 1850, leveled completely walls foods—good body builders for children, and wasnado the

fine nourishment for adults. That is why they of the building. Over the years the

buy Royal Table Queen bread—because it is stones were carried away either for

building material in Nauvoo or by souvenir hunters. Last year the

members of the Chicago Stake held a work day on which they assembled many of these original temple stones Milk Improved for some future use.

Each pound contains the nonfat milk solids of Ceveralreverentlyplacesusedwerebytemporarilythe Saints butfor after their trek to the Pratt, called 7 OUNCES OF MILK holyvalley.purposesElder Addison

to return to his labors in the Society

Islands (now Tahitian) Mission, received his endowments on Ensign

Peak. Endowments for the living

were given from 1851 to 1855 in the

Council House on the southwest corner of South Temple and Main streets. In April 1854 the northwest

portion of the Temple Square was selected as the site for the Endowment rooms. This building was being plastered in February 1855, and

was completed that April. President

Heber C. Kimball of the First Presidency offered the dedicatory prayer

for this building May 5, 1855, and it was he who used his time for years in conducting the services here.

Sometime after an addition was built in 1856 the building became known as the Endowment House.

Here many of the convertemigrants

Salt Lake City ROYAL BAKING COMPANY Ogden

Does Your Ward NEED Here to EXTRAsolution the difficult MONEY?problem of raising funds

for wardis a organpleasanti rations. orders Take for beautiful Stationery. Temple

This stationery selts itself. Send for further information and a trial

on approval. box also exciting have cards We many for birthdays,

gift Christmas items for every occasion that for earn you per...centandprofit up to 100 Sale. every on You'll turn fund into raising

"fun"raising.

-TEMPLE STATIONERY"SERVICE GREETING CARD CO.

gW California Gorgeously WHOLESALE GREETING South 4937 Durfee Pico, CARDS *f.heel* * 45

e H Please Stationery box of send sample Temple nd on approval -.containing 'to naeTo 97 de information. and further

Please send information on complete line of greeting cards I can sell for all occasions. KY P in Temple Name l5 and

Address City State and A SThmatch30 also, LakeSSsheets;

Ward.. ing envelopes.

I Stake selling for myself. am

270 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA of the Church came to receive their blessings and lay the foundation for their establishing homes in Zion NEED i families produced whichhomes who to the FOR HOME strengthare still adding

Church by their testimonies and by IMPROVEMENTS?

their works.

Baptisms for the dead were administered here until 1876, endowments until 1884, and sealings of couples were performed here until 1889. Although it was never intended to be a permanent temple, for

thirtyfour years this house of the

Lord had served its purpose well. In

1889 President Wilford Woodruff had the building razed; the Saints then

had temples functioning at St. George,

Logan, and Manti, Utah, and it would not be long before the Salt

Lake Temple would be dedicated. WALKER BANK

FOR A Three Utah Temples (Continued from page 232) for the construction of a temple over HOME IMPROVEMENT LOAN a quarter century later, on April 25, 1877. During the intervening years

the hill had been used for a quarry to stoneobtain for home construction for fortifications against unYOU SAVE MONEYand also friendly Indians. Five days after the $:&#ZV&ft$iK.m*;?;;/

dedication of the ground one hundred men met at the quarry and knelt in prayer before commencing their labors WITHIN MINUTES for this House of the Lord.

Two years of blasting and scraping were required to prepare the footings and foundation for the building. ENJOY IT WHILE PAYING FOR IT

Then, on April 14, 1879, the cornerstones were laid, and work was beREMEMBER, YOU'RE ALWAYS WELCOME AT WALKER'S gun on the walls, which were built of the creamcolored oolitic limestone the hill.which from taken was BANK WALKER &

period construction eleven year The MAIN OFFICE - Main at would have broken the spirits of a 3 LOCATIONS: PIONEER BRANCH - - 450 SouthSecond2nd SouthWest

less -valiant group, or a corps inspired SUGAR HOUSE BRANCH 1030 East 21st South with a less loftly ideal. Their strength Member Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. Member Federal Reserve System

was taxed still with the grim task of pioneering a harsh, strange, unfriendly land. Theirs was the

struggle against grasshopdrought, constant g>towsi of 2|pmng Wt lobe pers, poverty, and the Indians, who By Cecilia Margaret Rudin, M. A.

readily accepted the challenge of Read, Enjoy and Give This Gem Volume driving the settlers'cattle off for their A Blessing to Many; A Joy to All!

secret the springs Reveals great of writers—tells Martin hymn Luther how purposes.own

write, Isaac Manger"; what Watts moved came "Away to compose,

in the Help Wesley's Herald Agesin a Past"; "O God,to Our But Sing"; "Hark Angels at last this house was comvit vox!

pleted, and Elder Lorenzo Snow of howdiscoverGod theusedhumanblind Fannydrama behindCrosby theseto enrichand manyour hymnals.other favorites.Here you will

the Council of the Twelve offered 400 YEARS OF INSPIRED HYMN WRITING 74 Covers writers and composers. Containsthe dedicatory prayer, May 21, 38 illustrations tion and memorizing, and decorations—110 choice stanzasover 150forsubjects.meditaTruly a enjoy to own, and give. work1888.

The temple, simple in its elegance, OrderBeautifullyyour copyprintedand aandgiftillustrated,supply fromonlyyour$1.25.Dealer(Mailingtodaychargeor 10c).

representing best the those that

INC. & JOHN ofSaints RUDIN their could give worldly COMPANY Publishers of OF LIFE THE BOOK

of feet labors, their is 171goods and IE AVE. Dept. 5, ILL. 1018 S. WABASH CHICAGO

(Continued page) following on APRIL 1953 271 THREE UTAH TEMPLES (Continued from preceding page) ing that one sees from the highway, long and 95 feet wide. The east many feet below the base of the

and west towers are 179 and 169 feet temple.

high, respectively. From the temple grounds one comLike all temples of the Latterday mands a striking view of the quiet,

Saints, the structure faces east, albroad valley. The grounds are landthough its front view is blocked by scaped by sloping lawns, brilliant

the magnificent and unyielding flowers, and a wide variety of trees mountains. It is the rear of the buildand shrubs, but even the soil that

YOUR NAME - d/n cJhis [Bracelet You will be delighted with the nickle l/l/fiu <=JLteaue silver name bracelet beautifully handpolished. Richard L. Evans

This bracelet will make an excellent gift for birthdays or any gift occa- a certain journey not long ago some travelers ension—or you may love it for yourONcountered one of those untamed onslaughts of the eleself.

Fits any icrist. Any given name will ments which man, despite all his previous preparations, is

be reproduced on the bracelet. never quite prepared for. It became a question of survival

or of fear lest they should not survive. And afterward, one

Just $1.25 plus 25c federal tax who was there soberly said: "There were some people who Postpaid.

talked to the Lord that night, who had not talked to him for a long time."It is true that times of emergency, of danger,

BUCKO MANUFACTURING of fear, of stress, of urgent need often bring us to an earnest

COMPANY awareness of our dependence upon Providence. And when,

P. O. Box 144. in extreme circumtsances, we are pressed to petition him to

PROVO, UTAH whom we haven't talked for a long time, the question may well be asked: "Why leave it so late?"We never know, not

any of us, when we are going to need help or when we shall wish we had done some things we didn't do. We never know

how our business ventures are going. We often assume that

profits or success are certain when some unforeseen circumstance enters in, and we find that they weren't so certain.

Sometimes in newly acquired affluence shortsighted people assume that they won't need their old friends—or that they

won't need anyone. But fortunes change; reverses come;

and we often find that we desperately need those from whom we have severed ourselves. There is no one so big, no one

so secure, no one who can so far foresee the future, but what he needs to keep his house and his life in order, his record

When You Open Your straight, and his friendships in repair. A man who needs

SAVINGS ACCOUNT friends had better have them before he needs them. There

will receive $50.00 with and you or more is no one so wise or so selfsufficient but what he needs the

Fineline Schaeffer pen your lovely FREE and pencil set. services of others. And when the storm has broken, when

Savings Accounts in any amount $1 to the accident has happened, when the need is upon us, it may $25,000. years of continuous operation. be a little too late. It is always too late to take out insurance 33

to cover a previous casualty. Of course we can repent. But

leave too late. not should even that we are dependent We DIVIDEND

others are always; alCURRENT 3i% AnnumPer upon dependent Providence upon we

Utah Savings ways;and friends,and wewithoughtourselves,to be onwithgoodlife,termsand withwith ourour Fatherfamily

Association and Loan PROVO, UTAH in heaven all the time. Humility and gratitude and con-

D. Spencer Grow, President sideration for all others and a prayerful approach to every

MAIL HANDY COUPON problem is the safest insurance against all eventualities.

Send your check or money order to And a good question to ask ourselves in all the ways of life

Utah Savings, 172 West Center Street, is, "Why leave it so late?"

Provo, Utah and your savings pass book and diately. pen set will be mailed to you immeJke Spoken Word from TEMPLE SQUARE

Name PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING

Address SYSTEM, FEBRUARY 15, 1953

Copyright, 1953 City Zone....State

272 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA now nourishes this vegetation had to he carried to the temple site. See How These

At St. George, in Utah's "Dixie,"

stands Temple, the St. George

in terms of conBennett's Colorizeroldest in the Church tinuous service. President George A.

of dedithe First PresidencySmith site 9, 1871,cated the and Paint Colors Go With November ground was broken the same day, at a time when there were only fifteenhundred people living in the area. Anything In Your Home!

A brass cannon, relic of the Mexican

War, was soon rigged up and used as a pile driver for the foundation, in which volcanic rock was utilized. The

cornerstone was laid April 1, 1874.

The walls of the building are red sandstone, long painted white.

On January 1, 1877, the temple was partially dedicated. Elder Wilford Woodruff, who became the first

president of this temple, dedicated the font room and lower floor. (The

font had been the personal gift of

President Brigham Young.) Elder

Erastus Snow dedicated the second floor, and Elder Young, Brigham Jr., FREE COLOR GUIDE dedicated the sealing Ordiroom.

nance work was commenced January Stop in and get your free copy of the "Colorizer Paint 11, 1877. The fortyseventh annual Sampler!"This decorating guide gives you a selection

general conference of the Church was of 42 actual paint samples, expertly chosen from held in the temple, April 6, 7, and 8, 1877. It was at this time that the 1,322 colors in Colorizer Paints, to go with the colors

entire structure was dedicated by and designs of your carpet, draperies, wallpaper,

President Daniel H. Wells of the First bedspread, wall tile, furniture, bath fixtures and

Presidency. President Brigham Young kitchen units. Colorful room pictures show which paint

and all of his successors in the Presicolors to use in each case. Get your copy while the

dency through President Heber J. supply lasts!

Grant were present at this service.

It was here, in the St. George TemAt any of these stores:

ple, that the spirits of the signers of BENNETT'S, Salt Lake City, Ogden, Provo, Boise;

the Declaration of Independence and BENNETT'S Logan Hardware Co., Logan; BENof the Presidents of the United States NETT'S East Side Paint Co., Idaho Falls; BENNETT'S

appeared to Elder Wilford Woodruff Idaho Glass & Paint Co., Pocatello; BENNETT'S

requesting that temple work be done Twin Falls Glass & Paint Co.—and any Bennett's

for them. It was here that the ordiADVEKTItIP 11 dealer in the intermountain States

nances for these men were completed. POST and Southern California.

The building is 141 feet 8 inches long, 93 feet 4 inches wide, 84 feet high to the square, and 175 feet high to the top of the vane on the tower. It's "Good Taste"and

It has a magnificent appearance. The It Tastes

bluffs red north, the volcanic on the ridges east on the the Rio *@JOCO&XDtL—So Good. and west,

Virgin, running through the valley on the south, and the city of St. George

lying generally north and northwest, form a picture with striking and vivid contrasts. In the words of one

plane pilot: "From the air the temple k looks like a gem in a green setting."

Long will it continue to be a beacon *Easter for airplanes, a landmark for tourists, HOCO LATES April 5th and a holy place to members of the

Church. GLADE CANDY CO. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

APRIL 1953 273 This is a continuation of the teacher's Step 2 THE DIVINE CHURCH (Second Part) supplements for the Melchizedek Priesthood lesson course for 1953. Helps for If the quorum members have read their Lesson XV

lessons 1 to 13 appear in The Improvemanuals,to relate variousthe eventsmembersas outlined.may be calledIf thereon CAESAROPAPISM (Continued)

ment Era, February and March. has been no class preparation, the group

leader will have to give a brief account of The Triumph of the Arian "Heresy"

THE DIVINE CHURCH (Second Part) the historical events involved.

Text: James L. Barker, The Divine Church,

Lesson XIV Step 3 Second Part, Lesson XV

CAESAROPAPISM Induce a class discussion by using such Suggestions on teaching procedures:

1 Step Place of an outline subject matter as the following: Quarrel between East and West (Continued) questions the on blackboard. following is sugThe

did the 1. Why Eastern bishops adopt gestive:

Text: James L. Barker, The Divine Church, creeds which compromised their real

Second Part, Lesson XIV beliefs? Teaching Objective:

God's permission the would political To forchanges of show how Teaching objective: 2. ApostleWithout Peter have changed his teachaffected tune the doctrines of the church. ings in order to avoid persecution?

that the churches in show the To East 3. What happens of when a members The the Arian "Heresy"Triumph of and hopelessly were divided West the on church their compromise religious beof authority. matter

liefs in to order get along those with A. in the political Changes situation

who live Is around them? the L.D.S. 1. rebellion in occurred the A West. MagSuggestions teaching procedure: on in Church any danger of because that nentius as crowned emperor. Constans

factor same today? safeguards What fled suicide. and committed 1 PlaceStep outline of subject an matter on does the L.D.S. Church against have 2. Constantius made on Magnentius war

* is the blackboard. following suggesThe such change? victorious. and was tive:

4. 3. of freedom is When conscience united interEmpire again Constantius, under

fered with, how does it affect sincerity a follower of the Arian heresy.

Quarrel between East and West of belief? B. Changes in the religious situation

5. Why is religious division inevitable 1. Constantius called a council of three

A. The effect of political divisions and where the Holy Ghost is not had? hundred bishops.

changes upon the church a. Athanasius was condemned.

emperor issued The edict an that Summary b.

the 1. As Emperor Constans gained greater bishops accept deposimust the

power, the followers of Athanasius tion of Athanasius.

Summarize so as to leave this thought with c. influence. gained Athanasius was banished.

class: d. a. The exiled bishops were recalled. the An Arian statement of doctrine was

b. The bishop of Rome (Julius) beWithout Apostles or other central authordrawn up.

came aggressive. ity and without the guidance of the Holy 2. The bishops hasten to embrace the

c. The Arians of the East were forced Ghost there was nothing to keep the Arian doctrine.

to present compromise creeds. churches in unity except the state. Where a. Liberius, bishop of Rome, was exiled

the state was divided as was often the case but readily changed his doctrine to

B. Attempts by the Emperor Constans to in the Roman Empire, the church was diagree with the emperor.

bring about church unity vided also. Thus the political division into (1) Letter of Liberius to the emeastern and western empires caused a diviperor.

a. Council at Sardica. sion of the church into East and West. As (2) Letter of Liberius to the Eastern

(1) Purpose. went the political fortunes and religious beArian bishops.

(2) Division into Eastern and Westliefs of the emperors, so went the church. b. The Councils of Seleucia and

ern Councils. The power of the emperor was used freely Rimini.

b. The Eastern bishops: to appoint and depose bishops and in gen- (1) Council of Seleucia held in the

(1) Condemned Athanasius and his eral to dominate the churches. During this East.

followers. period no bishop was considered as head of (a) Disagreement prevailed.

(2) Excommunicated Bishop Julius the church, but Western bishops agreed to (b) The emperor forced the of Rome and others. appeal to the bishop of Rome as arbitrator bishops to sign the "Third

(3) Drew up a new confession of in certain disputes. Formula of Sirmium,"an

faith. Arian Creed.

of Council Rimini. (2) Western bishops: c. The Assignments: (a) Disagreement bishops. of the Reaffirmed (1) the Nicene Creed.

1. Arouse interest general in lesthe next (b) forced The emperor the Declared innocent. Athanasius (2)

son leaving by the with quorum bishops to sign the memArian leadEastern Excommunicated (3) bers such as a problem following: the Creed. ers.

c. All bishops declare themselves disciplinary Passed a. canons. (4) the doctrines With of churches

against Athanasius the and Nicene for (Provided to appeal an changing the Rome with views of sucthe

Creed. a bishop colhis by deposed cessive by emperors, what hapwould

3. of Attempts Catholic historians Roman leagues in If province. a if the pen one all emperor should

to excuse Liberius. received appeal of bishop of by the empire? lesson (Read to ruleXV a. Allege that force used. was is to court a Rome, form find Romeis the answer.)

b. Allege that did pope really not give to try the appeal.)

special assignments, 2. Make as such his the opposition to up Arianism. for d. of of Reasons claim bishop Rome following: to appellate power:

(1) Only church in West of apos- a. Appoint one quorum member to reStep 2

tolic foundation. late how Liberius, bishop of Rome, Following the outline, discuss with the

(2) Has backing of emperor. changes his religious views to gain class how the Christian world became

favor with the emperor. Arian following the lead of the emperor.

274 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Priesthood

Step 3 Lessons XVI and XVII 3. Arian bishops deposed.

4. Gregory made bishop of ConstanDiscussion: CAESAROPAPISM (Continued) tinople.

Final Triumph of "Orthodox"Arians. against of heresy edict Gratius: D. Athanasianism

discussion be now may The class of Thessalonica Edict (380) The Church, E. Divine L. conText: Barker, The James such using direction by given tinued and of 1. the Nicene declaration Emperial Part, Lessons and XVII Second XVI following: as the problems questions and Creed.

1. If the Church had been guided by Teaching objective:

Christ, would its bishops have shifted F. Councils called.

doctrines because of the change of To show how the Nicene Creed was 1. Western council called by Emperor

emperors? finally forced upon the church by political Gratian at instigation of Ambrose.

determined by imorthodoxy power, Arians. a. and the Condemned doctrine brought be in changes 2. Should perial decree. called Council 2. Eastern by the Emperor council or in debate by diabout by Theodosius.

revelation? vine procedure: teaching a. Suggestions Arians. the on Condemned

3. Why is the use of force in getting b. Arians refused seats at the council.

church members to accept a certain Step 1 c. Decree of Emperor Theodosius as to

point of view an evidence that the "orthodoxy."

church is no longer the church of Outline on a blackboard the material to

Christ? be discussed in these two lessons. The G. Theodosius forbade all heretics (Arians)

4. In the time of Felix and Liberius can following outline is suggestive: to hold meetings (A.D. 381) and ordered

the Roman Church be said to have churches to be turned over to the been "without error"? Final Triumph of "Orthodox"Athanasianism Orthodox Christians (Athanasians).

H. The church was to remain Athanasian.

The Summary: I. The Emperor Valens supports Arianism. Step 2

A. Valens becomes Emperor of the East

Make a oneminute summary of the class A.D. 364. Relate briefly the history of events as

discussion or have a quorum member do 1. Supported the Arians. they affected the church from the death of

so. The following points should be men- a. Was influenced by the Arian the Emperor Constantius, 361, to the death

tioned: Eudoxius, bishop of Constantinople. of the Emperor Theodosius, 395. Read a

* b. Persecuted semiArians and Athanafew excerpts from the historians quoted. in the fourth have found that 1. We

sians. views the religious Christian century

of the emperor had a greater effect c. Supported only Arian candidates for Step 3

upon the doctrines of the church than the various bishoprics.

did the views of the bishops. The Discussion:

apsemi-Arians and Athanasians The 2. view B. disagreed with the Bishops who related significance of the events can The peal to the West. or forced of banished the were emperor discussion brought out induced by such by 1, the be forced together by groups These

doctrines. to their change as questions following: the of Valens. persecution

3. Liberius, the bishop of Rome, was ban- 2. Sent a delegation to Rome. (Not find- 1. What evidences do we have that the

ished and was restored to his bishopric ing the emperor they appealed to the church, during the period 361 to 395, only when he completely reversed his bishop of Rome.) was without divine guidance?

doctrine concerning the relationship of 2. What political edict during that period

the Father and the Son. C. A Period of Confusion. has affected the Catholic Church to

4. Thus the whole Christian world, the 1. Bishops still divided. our time?

majority of which had been opposed 2. Letter of Saint Basil, bishop of 3. What does catholic mean?

to Arianism, and had accepted the Caesaria, to Damasus, bishop of Rome. 4. Who determined what constituted a

Nicene Creed, now turned to Arianism catholic or orthodox Christian? What

and abandoned the Nicene Creed. D. Valentinian, emperor of the West, supwas an orthodox Christian forced to

accept? asported the was it facts historical 5. of face such the In Athanasians—but

5. of a Athanasianism triumph was How in sassinated 375. is like is sheep church that the evident

(the of Creed) a triumph Nicene vicbattle, killed the in E. 378, Valens by shepherd. There a without wandering

philosophy? Greek torious Goths. the to lead of prophets are no God

6. of persuasion the methods Compare force, of the indecision, use way. The

Christ used used those with Jesus by II. under orthodox Athanasianism becomes of doctrine by the determination and

Athanasians. both Arians by and Theodosius. the Gratian emperors and complete decree, a show governmental

7. rebishops the in Are L.D.S. Church of leadership of Jesus the absence

if false they teach from moved succeeded A. Gratian Athanasian The Christ.

is it doctrines? determined Howoffice II of the as West. emperor Valentinian

false? or are teachings not the

his general, Theodosius, 1. Sent Assignment: The they a given to to retrieve whetherAre defend chance

the Eastern from the Goths. Empire their Is force or threat position? any

the Athanasians. Supported

of force used? general class interest in the next 2. 1. Arouse

the with members lesson by leaving the fol- a B. Theodosius The Summarization: as such problem, challenging

the conquered having lowing: 1. Theodosius,

of the EastGoths, is crowned emperor This is an appropriate time to make a a. When a church is dominated by a ern Empire. complete summarization of the developcivil government, what happens to 2. An ardent supporter of Athanasianism. ment of political influence over the church

it when the government undergoes and to set out some of the farreaching eflessons 16 In a change? and fects. The summarization should include 17 of C. Arian bishops replaced by Athanasian

find answer will the your text you following: the bishops.

of history. 1. Ambrose made bishop of Milan. 1. Before the time of Constantine the

2. Have one quorum member come pre- a. Greatly influenced the Emperor Roman government was usually opposed to

pared to tell the difference between Gratian. Christianity. There was no interference

Arianism and Athanasianism. 2. Anemius made bishop of Sermium. (Continued on page 278)

APRIL 1953 275 ThePresiding

Revisions in Aaronic Priesthood Programs Emphasized

"T'he following revisions in both a secretary is to be effected in each inthe respective roll books; (3) make and

Aaronic Priesthood programs have stance. When there are fewer than record assignments to leaders to visit

been sent to all Aaronic Priesthood seven senior deacons or thirteen senior those needing attention for any reason leaders by letter but are reprinted here teachers, a group organization should during the ensuing month.

for permanent record and reference. be set up with a group leader, two asPart Three provides for a short counsistants, and a secretary. The bishop cil meeting of each of the two ward

Senior Members of Aaronic Priesthood presides over the senior priests, and he committees. While the bishop is atshould appoint a senior priest as secretending one meeting, his counselors will

Stake Committee for Senior Members of tary. attend the other meeting, alternating

the Aaronic Priesthood All quorum or group officers for each month.

senior deacons and for senior teachers Problems of specific interest to the 1. The designation "stake committee are to be chosen from among the best respective committees will be taken up

for adult members of the Aaronic qualified men available in these groups. in each council meeting: These problems

Priesthood"is changed to "stake com- 2. Separate quorum or group meetmay include such items as, (1) ademittee for senior members of the ings are to be held for senior deaeons, quate social and fraternal activities;

Aaronic Priesthood."senior teachers, and senior priests dur- (2) quorum service projects designed to

2. The chairman of the stake commiting the weekly ward priesthood meeting promote the unselfish giving of oneself

tee for senior members of the Aaronic wherever housing facilities will permit. in the interest of others; (3) Church

Priesthood is no longer to be a mem- 3. Unordained male members over welfare projects; (4) training of quober of the stake presidency. The chair21 are to be enrolled in a special secrum presidencies and group leaders;

man is to be designated by the stake tion in the deacons'roll book: They (5) review of latest monthly report

presidency from among the high counshould be invited to attend the deacons with a view toward overcoming weakcil or chosen at large. quorum or group meetings and socials nesses; (6) recommendations for adas visitors of record. vancements in the priesthood.

Ward Committee for Senior Members of the Aaronic Priesthood Ward Aaronic Priesthood Leadership Ward Aaronic Priesthood Meeting

Meeting 1. The designation "ward committee The full time of the second priestfor adult members of the Aaronic A "ward Aaronic Priesthood leaderhood meeting in each month is to be

Priesthood"is changed to "ward comship meeting,"to be held each month a joint assembly attended only by mittee for senior members of the under the direction of the bishopric, bearers of the Aaronic Priesthood and

Aaronic Priesthood."replaces the discontinued "ward boy unordained male members 12 to 21,

2. The coordinator is hereafter desigleadership committee meeting."senior members of the Aaronic Priestnated secretary. It is felt that the conThose expected to attend, in addition hood, and unordained male members

tinued use of the title coordinator may to the bishopric, include all ward over 21, and their leaders.

encourage a greater delegation of the leaders of Aaronic Priesthood under 21 The object of this joint Aaronic responsibilities of the presidency of the and all ward leaders of senior members Priesthood assembly each month is to

Aaronic Priesthood than is possible unof the Aaronic Priesthood. The meetbring the bishopric into a more personal

der this assignment from the Lord to ing is to be held in three parts, as and direct relationship with those over the bishopric. follows: whom they preside as the presidency of

3. An "instructor"is to be appointed Part One will include the opening the Aaronic Priesthood. The bishopric

for each quorum or group of senior exercises, with roll calls, announcewill conduct the meeting and occupy priests, senior teachers, or senior deacons ments, and messages from the bishopric the entire time of the joint assembly in to present the weekly priesthood lesson. which are of common interest to all giving counsel and instruction to all

The instructor may also serve as a assembled. bearers of the Aaronic Priesthood and

group adviser. Part Two provides for a separation their leaders. Occasionally, as an ex-

4. A group adviser is to be assigned into three departments with a member ception and not as a rule, a special

to labor with each group of five senior of the bishopric in charge of each despeaker may be invited to discuss a members of the Aaronic Priesthood or partment. Leaders of priests in both subject requiring special training and

unordained male members over 21 to programs will attend the bishop's deabilities.

win them to renewed activity in the partment; leaders of teachers will atChurch. tend the first counselor's department; Aaronic Priesthood Under 21

leaders of deacons will attend the secSenior Members of the Aaronic Priestond counselor's department. Stake Committee for Aaronic Priesthood

hood to be Organized into Quorums In each of the three departments, the Under 21 or Groups member of the bishopric in charge will, (1) call for a report on all as- 1. The designation "stake Aaronic

1. Where there are seven or more signments made to leaders the previous Priesthood committee"is changed to

senior deacons, or thirteen or more month; (2) review activity records of "stake committee for Aaronic Priesthood

senior teachers, a quorum organization all quorum or group members and ununder 21."

with a president, two counselors, and ordained male members, as recorded in 2. The chairman of the stake com276 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Bishoprics Page

Tribute Paid to Faithful Member of Aaronic Priesthood

(Jordan Knight, a faithful teacher in more interested in people's respect than

Cedar First Ward, Cedar Stake, was in recognition, and his word was a accidentally killed last October. His guarantee that assignments would be

former scoutmaster and deacons'quofilled. I remember the determination to

rum adviser, Clemont B. Adams, wrote complete assignments which he always

the following tribute, which is pubshowed. One time his older brother

lished here for the inspiration of bearers had been assigned a talk in ward conof the Aaronic Priesthood throughout ference but became ill on the day he the Church. Jordan is the son of Clifwas to speak. A few minutes before

ford and Alice W. Knight.) the meeting began, Jordan appeared

and announced to President Elwood J.

HpHE ending of one year and the beCorry that he was there to fill his ginning of another bring many joys brother's assignment.

to most of us, and as I sat working on I remember the willingness with the deacons'quorum roll book, I was which he accepted responsibility. A

at peace with the world. As I compiled song in Church, a prayer, or a talk

the list of deacons who had earned an it was always the same, a job well done!

individual award, my mind drifted back The example he set and his leadership over the preceding years, and out of as president of the deacon's quorum will the mists of time I again faced Jordan always be an inspiration to me. I'll

Knight. not forget, either, the talks we had as

Not that he had ever been completely we weeded the corn of our ward welfare out of my mind, for a teacher doesn't assignment or the games of stealthe-

JORDAN KNIGHT forget his boys that easily. It had been flag in the early darkness after our

life,——only one short year since Jordan's name work had been finished. A joyful

had headed the list of those who were with service to God and his fellow man, mittee for Aaronic Priesthood under 21 getting awards. I remember the pride seemed to be his creed.

is no longer to be a member of the with which I had tabulated his credits Progress and advancement come to stake presidency. The chairman is to and found him to have one hundred all worthy of them, and I saw Jordan

be designated by the stake presidency percent attendance at Sunday School, promoted into the teachers'quorum. I

from among the high council or chosen sacrament meeting, M.I.A., and priestmissed his close association, but he

at large. hood meeting. didn't seem to change. He continued

Other scenes soon crowded my memto give his best, even up to his sudden

Ward Committee for Aaronic Priesthood ory, and I remembered hiking with him death. Only time can heal the sorUnder 21 in the mountains as Scout and Scoutrow of his passing; but when I think

master. His interest in nature's storybook of him, I also think of the words

1. The designation "ward Aaronic was a real thing, and he confided to me of Jesus when his disciples asked him

Priesthood committee"is changed to his desire to make his living from the who was greatest in the kingdom of "ward committee for Aaronic Priestearth. He turned to a study of agriculheaven. Jesus drew a child into their

hood under 21."ture and soon experienced successes with midst and said, "Whosoever therefore

2. The coordinator is hereafter desighis projects. shall humble himself as this little child,

nated secretary. It was felt that the The most important thing in Jordan's the same is greatest in the kingdom of

continued use of the title coordinator life was his membership in the Church heaven."(Matt. 18:4.) I am sure that

may encourage a greater delegation of of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints. He the humble spirit of Jordan Knight will

the responsibilities of the presidency of planned on a foreign mission and bask in the presence of God. I am

the Aaronic Priesthood than is possible wanted to hold a responsible position also sure that my life has been enriched under this assignment from the Lord to in the Church. He had a strong averbecause of the contacts I had with him,

the bishopric. sion to liquor, tobacco, and anything and I thank God for the privilege of

not clean and pure. I'm sure he was being a deacons'adviser.

Ward Boy Leadership Committee n i

a with member departments into three addition attend, in to expected Those organization The meetand monthly deof each in charge bishopric of the all include ward bishopric, the to of ing leadership the ward boy comittee is discontinued. leaders of Aaronic Priesthood. The partment. Leaders of priests in both

deattend the bishop's will programs is to be held in three parts, as meeting atwill of teachers leaders partment; Ward Aaronic Priesthood Leadership follows:

first department; counselor's the tend Meeting

Part One will include the opening leaders of deacons will attend the second

A "ward Aaronic Priesthood leaderexercises, with roll calls, announcecounselor's department.

ship meeting,"to be held each month ments, and messages from the bishopric In each of the three departments, the under the direction of the bishopric, which are of common interest to all member of the bishopric in charge will, replaces the discontinued "ward boy assembled. (1) call for a report on all assignments

leadership committee meeting."Part Two provides for a separation (Continued on page 290)

APRIL 1953 277 BACKSTOPS and BLEACHERS Mekhizedek Priesthood

You too can have BASKETBALL (Continued from page 275)

BACKSTOPS ROLLING and WAYNE government and in church by the state tailored (folding) GYMSEATING to fit doctrine, attempts to stamp but occasional your needs. Over 50 new installations in out Christianity by persecution occurred.

schools and L.D.S. Churches during the 2. With the conversion of Constantine to

past year. Christianity the situation changed. Constantine saw an opportunity to use the

church for political purposes. The condition

within the church made this possible. Following the deaths of the apostles, the church

had been without any central authority.

The hundreds of bishops exercised authority in their separate sees or bishoprics. With a

lack of a central authority to receive divine for of scripture scarcity a direction a and are. doctrinal disputes were guide, comwritten Basketball.. Pictured2—Swingup philossituation this the Greek In mon. Backstops

2—Stationary Suspended ophers, who had become Christian, shaped

Backstops to of the church harmonize the doctrine

Also—these changes philosophy. some of But of Wayne with 3—Sections

Standard Rolling resulted in bitter debate and conflict.

(Folding) Gymstands a Christian was an emperor who 3. With Six High, Rows

it perhaps unbaptized), was 16 Feet Each Long (though natural for the bishops to turn to him to help settle their disputes. The first of these

disputes was known as the Donatist Schism, Button Co, f. G.

OfficeOffice EquipmentEquipment andand 65 WEST 3RD SOUTH W SchoolSchool SALT LAKE CITY aacceptancedispute inintothe theAfricanchurchchurchesagain overof thosethe 220425 Phone who had left the church because of persecution. Constantine interfered by calling

councils, financing them, and enforcing their decisions. This was the beginning of the

developof the most significant 4. One

of of the Council decision the an mentspower of the state over the church. was

Aries that baptism was good even if performed without authority, a decision that ELECTRIC has affected the Catholic Church to our time. 5. In the years that followed the NeoPlatonio school developed in parts of the HOME church, which was, in the main, a compro- "STITCH-O-METER tradition Christian Greek and between

easy to Dial makes it so divithere here even was and Sew... misephilosophy. But FREEZER controrise to this the Arian gave sion and ATTACHMENTS! WITHOUT

versy.

Buttonholes 6. Arius taught that God the Father, SAVES YOU TIME On Buttons Sew

Overedging all but exist eternity from Christ did not AND MONEY! ZigZag created the Son, who was inferior to him. Blindstitches of created men."the "firstborn merely was ZigZag

not beginning, but the had a Son Hence Monograms

ZigZag the Father. (See page 35 for the Arian

Embroidery position.) Arius'writings are now lost.

and 7. Athanasius and his followers took the

MULTICOLOR, 2 NEEDLE sewing position that God, the Father, and God, the without any mechanical changes. Son, were coequal, coeternal, codivine, and

of one substance.

stitch posevery sew beginner can a Even so vio- 8. controversy waged Arian The ANKER'S because sible with an ANKER, intervened, again that lently Constantine needle the action moves ZigZag automatic

it, largefinanced called Council, the Nicene straight to addition in side, to side from parthe its decisions, forced ly determined machine. sewing regular of a motion

to ticipants Creed sign the and Nicene profesmost finest and the You'll enjoy sign. the bishops would not who or exiled gadgets any without sional sewing

defined God, Creed, which Nicene The on sew an ANKER. you when Buy From Your Dealer attachments, as of the Son, one the Father, God, and A LIFETIME GUARANTEED

subject the (omoousios) became substance AVAILABLE FORALWAYS PARTS SERVICE AND

Be Thrifty* for bitter controversy throughout the reWILLIAMS Sewing Machine mainderNicene Creed,of the p.fourth55.) century. (Read the Use Electricity Distributing Co. 9. From the time of the Nicene Council

church over the state of the the power UTAH POWER & LIGHT CO.

rapidly. were moves made 808 South State Salt Lake City, Utah developed Few

PHONE 9-5512 by the various bishops without first appealing to an emperor for sanction. Various

bishops became the favorite advisers of the various emperors. The political scene

as frequently, a time very changed HEADQUARTERS FOR f HOTEL LANKERSHIM Empire. the in of great turbulence Romanit was IN LAS VEGAS, NEVADA 7th & k into East divided empire the was BROADWAY Sometimes L.D.S. I

divisions; three into sometimes BATH WITH and West; ROOMS KING'S YE REST

Single united at times one other Double $5.00 emunder $3.50 and MOTEL From—526 5TH STREET SOUTH

of beliefs ruling the peror. Dining emperor Supper Rooms and The New Dr. B. Foutz, Harold Owner

of the doctrine the church and determined IN Foutz, H. Edgar THE VERY Manager HEART OF

bishops. of respective fate the the Beautyrest Mattresses Throughout LOS ANGELES

10. before of Constantine the death Even

278 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA an antiNicene reaction had set in which gained impetus as a moderate Arian bishop,

Eusebius, became the confidant of Constantine. There began now the deposing

and appointment of bishops by the emperor, a practice that was to continue under various emperors to the end of the century.

Athanasius now in turn was exiled, together with other bishops and Arian bishops brought back from exile. There developed

a quarrel between the East and the West.

The majority of Eastern bishops favor bishof Western majority Arianism. The

You'll never catch (AthanasianCreed the Nicene favoredops ism). Likewise Eastern rulers favored Elaine Cannon

Arianism and Western rulers favored napping on the

Athanasianism. job! Whether it's a

For a period of time Arianism triumphed slumber party,

Athanasian emperors and Arian under suphigh school hop or exiled. Arianism and porters were persecuted

became the "orthodox faith."any other really

Finally, however, under the Emperors important teenage

Gratian and Theodosius (both Athanaactivity, she's cersians), Athanasianism triumphed again and tain to report it in of the viewpoint since the has remained of the Deseret News triumph This Church. Catholic

Athanasianism was effected by force and by and Telegram "Hi imperial edict. Tales"column. She

is in tune with the Assignment: teens! Elaine CanRead in Lesson 18 how the general counnon is the Emily

cils shaped, by debate, the doctrines of the Post, fadfinder and head spokeschurch. man for teenagers throughout the

Mountain West.

Historic Fort Laramie (Continued from page 252) Bmieiet Miew of privation and danger. But these pekgram

pioneers were possessed of strong and hardy bodies, of ardent courage and great force. Too little has been written of the pioneer woman, of her

valiancy and the part she played in the winning of the West. Dr. Charles

W. Eliot, president of Harvard University, paid an eloquent tribute to

the pioneer woman from the speaker's platform in the great Salt Lake Tabernacle in 1892. Said he:

Did it ever occur to you what is the most heroic part of founding a colony of people which moves into the wilderness to establish a civilized community? You think

perhaps it is the soldier, the armed men, or the laboring man. Not so. It is the

women who are the most heroic part of any colony. Their labors are less because

their strength is less. Their anxieties are

greater; the risks they run are heavier...

let us bear in our hearts reverence for

Christian folk going out in the wilderness to plant a new community.

With the establishment of military posts in the West, the soldier became a familiar figure on the frontier.

Fort Laramie was garrisoned the year round. During the next two decades

of its existence it was an important base for numerous expeditions sent out against the many Indian tribes on the warpath.

(Continued on following page) APRIL 1953 279...

Historic Fort laramie IT'S EASY TO INSTALL

FOR HOMES.. (Continued from preceding page)

In 1857 occurred a major event in

BUSINESSES.. the annals of western history which

took precedent over all others at this

INSTITUTIONS.. period. It was the armed expedition

sent by the government against the - people in Utah. Before the military

forces left Fort Leavenworth, Kansas,

It's distinctive, beautiful, orders had been issued placing Fort convenient, so easy and to Laramie under the command of the install? to operate, easy

It's the sensational leader of the expedition, Colonel Alnew FolDoor, the bert Sidney Johnston. The fort

folding door with served as an important depot for army the cornice top supplies, and the quartermaster was that divides your heavily taxed because a large part of larger rooms into two rooms. Use to the food and equipment had to be

put in storage and shipped to the divide offices—to

separate Sunday troops at a later date. Winter came

School rooms from early to the West in 1857. Colonel

meeting areas. Johnston and his troops met with

unprecedented transportation difficulties and were forced to winter near

been deserted burned had and by the

it. Saints Latterday owned who LAUREN BURT Inc the site of old Fort Bridger which

557 South 3rd West Salt Lake City Negotiations to straighten out the difficulties were begun by a trusted and devoted friend of the Mormon people, Colonel Thomas L. Kane. In

BURT, LAUREN South 557 3rd WestInc. June of 1858 the troops entered the

City, Utah Salt Lake valley unresisted and established cost or obligation of any kind more information about send Please me without

FolDoor. Camp Floyd some forty miles beNAME yond Salt Lake City. There the

ADDRESS army made its headquarters until the

CITY ZONE STATE outbreak of the Civil War in 1861.

During the "sixties"the responsibility of Fort Laramie was greatly augmented by the exigencies of the

Civil War. In addition to the continuing emigrant trains there was

UTAH STATE AGRICULTURAL COLLECT launchedPony Expressthat whichdaring gaveenterprise,to us thethe

Announces "air mail"of the 1860's. Following

close upon the heels of the Pony Another Distinguished

Express came the first transcontinental telegraph pushed West by SUMMER SCHOOL for 1953 Edward Creighton, all following the

A Full Quarter great central route past Fort Laramie.

First Session Second Session Coaching School To the duty of protecting these were

June 8—July 17 July 20—August 21 June 2—6 added the Overland Stage Coach and

Beginning, upper division, and graduate courses will be available in the the dailv mail service. At the same

seven schools: Agriculture, Arts and Sciences, Commerce, Education, Engineering, Forestry, and Home Economics. Professors and lecturers are comtime the Fort Laramie garrison was

ing from all parts of the country to join the resident faculty in providing reduced considerably to aid in the offerings. educational many rich

variety of workshops, institutes and short courses has defense of the Union. A

been arranged. Increasing signs of Indian unrest

excellent facilities, educational recreational The friendly and the the campus, living conditions, good cool climate the to and all combine at were apparent, and there were make a summer

U.S.A.C. a most delightful experience. sporadic outbreaks of violence at isoFor a catalog or further information, address: lated stage stations in 1862. By now

UTAH STATE AGRICULTURAL COLLEGE theture Indiansdestinedunderstoodfor them theby thebleakeverfu-

The Summer School increasing numbers of white men

Logan, Utah who came West. In July 1865, three

280 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA thousand warriors of the combined tribes laid siege to the Platte Bridge station on the upper North Platte.

Twentysix white men lost their lives, including the young gallant Caspar

Collins, son of a former Fort Laramie commander, from whom the present city of Casper, Wyoming, derived its name.

Retaliation for Indian outrages took the form of the famous Powder River

Expedition sent out from Fort Laramie during the summer of 1865.

The troops barely escaped starvation and annihilation, and the expedition ended in failure. Cries for a new

peace council were heard, and in

June 1866, peace commissioners and about two thousand Sioux met at

Fort Laramie to work out some solution. Hopes for peace were shattered

by the appearance of Colonel Henry

B. Carrington and a large force intent on establishing posts along the <':'!.

route of the Bozeman Trail into Montana. These would penetrate the last

fine hunting ground of the Sioux.

The belligerent Red Cloud, sometimes called "The Red Napoleon of the

Plains,"with a large contingent of followers, withdrew in enmity. The

tragic Fetterman Massacre was the result of the invasion of this area.

In the spring of 1868, peace commissioners again arrived at the Fort with instructions to abandon the Bozeman bitterTrail. medicine This was

felt that theirthe army for SHIP'n SHORE who men sacrifices had been in vain.

The "Second Treaty of Fort Laracotton blouse mie"conceded the Dakota lands to the Sioux and stipulated that they For school days and play days, abandon the North Platte (Oregon a pert, sleeveless blouse of lusTrail) country entirely. This in turn trous broadcloth. White with

was "bad medicine"for the Indians white, pink, blue, gray or green binding. 32-3 8. 3.50

because Fort Laramie had been their trading center since the establishment of the original fort in 1834.

The final conclusive struggle between the red men and the whites WHITE STAG came as a result of the discovery of gold in the Black Hills in 1874. Expedal pushers

cited miners illegally entered the

Sioux country and were arrested by Sturdy, Sanforized trousers authorities, but this did not deter for complete comfort when you relax, play or study. Brown,

them. The indirect result of this inwhite, blue, coral, yellow,

vasion of Indian lands was the masblack, navy, red, green or gray.

sacre of General George Custer and White stitching. 1020. 4.95

his entire command on the Little Clever cotton rope belt. 50c

Big Horn in June 1876. ZCMI SPORTSWEAR—Second Floor

In the meantime the Union Pacific! Add 15$ postage for first item ordered;Railroad had pushed West from ORDER BY MAIL

Omaha, Nebraska. The rails reached 5$ for each additional* Utah residents add 2% sales tax.Cheyenne, Wyoming, in 1867, and

(Concluded on following page) APRIL 1953 281 Historic Fort Laramie (Continued from preceding page) Hammond Organ the line was joined with the Central

AT YOUR TOUCH... Pacific at Promotory, Utah, May 10,

A NEW EXPERIENCE IN MUSIC 1869. Despite the fact that hundreds

of thousands of emigrants had followed the Oregon Trail route past EQUALLY LOVELY IN THE Fort Laramie and over the South Pass

CHURCH OR THE HOME. area, surveying parties for the railroad had chosen a more direct course

MUSIC THAT RELAXES to the south, leaving the fort about

YOU - REFRESHES YOU - one hundred miles north of the line.

RENEWS YOU. The beginning of the end of this

picturesque outpost was now apSIMPLE TO PLAY. parent. The use of the railroad for

transportation made the fort obsolete as a base of supplies. The power of

The HAMMOND ORGAN is an electric organ, using no pipes, reeds the plains Indians had been broken, or pneumatic devices. It therefore costs but a mere fraction of what hence the soldier was no longer

you would pay for comparable organ music. needed as a deterrent against hostiliNEVER needs TUNING ties. Cabins of homesteaders, with

of thousands producing of Capable tones their large herds of cattle, were to budget demand Priced almost any meet 9 Costs so little to maintain dotting the prairies. These hardy

Write or Call Mr. Seldon N. Heaps pioneers would get the needed aid

from the territorial government then functioning. Old Fort Laramie, CO. MUSIC GLEN BROS.

CITY SALT LAKE PROVO faithful guardian on the frontier, OGDEN 2546 Washington Blvd. 74 South Main 57 North University Ave. would be abandoned!

Orders for the fort's abandonment came in 1889, but it was not until

April 1890 that the United States flag was hauled down and the last trooper marched away. Movable

property was salvaged, and buildings and fixtures put on the auction block There's One and sold for the paltry sum of

acres, including the wood and Sure Way-- $1395.0034,560 The entire reservation of

timber areas, was thrown open to homesteaders.

As the echoes of the last departing wagon train died into silence that

April morning in 1890, an era of vast importance to the West closed.

AN OUNCE OF Forhad fortyonecalmed theyearstroubledold FortwatersLaramieof

PROTECTION frontiera uniquelife placeand inindoingthe soheartshad heldand tide of a vast human OF CURE imaginations A POUND IS WORTH there's way, sure Yes, one gates the storied as it swept through medithe is like good to gel Good insurance you travel, when convenience of frequent cine—it's easier to prevent than to of the fort, bargained for items at

to cure. us means And "prevention"in the rested store, or Sutler's the schedules downtown and protection well - planned adequate, post's of the coolness shade and of comfort depots; the ample prompt that provides and

specially designed seats and compensation in case of loss. See buildings. Here had been a halfway

in your the AGENT KOLOB - conditioning air the trails here of the nation; plus communhouse

ity. available coverage Complete low; fares. moneysaving On the began. It meant ended, crossed, stock companies. strong through

trip, next go the one your jourof the western hard stretch A GENERAL INSURANCE AGENCY first - - - sure way of the prairie the end ney completed, stretches. From here on bold outlines of peaks and mountain ranges

rimmed the skyline. Facilities at the GREYHOUHD post had

r pioof those brave FRANK SALISBURY, MGR. thousands many wowway/ given succor and aid to

Salt Lake City 330 Judge Bldg. yesterday, and neers of women men

282 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA who dreamed dreams of happy, peaceful homes in the great West, as they followed the trail by old Fort

Laramie, that reached beyond the OILhills and disappeared into the sunset. GREAT NEW FIMI'

During the years immediately following the abandonment of Fort

Laramie by the army, little or no thought was given by the public to the historical importance attached to the area. The more than sixty buildings had been stripped of all their

valuable material and were rapidly falling into decay. But in the early

1920's public minded citizens went into action. In 1925 the legislature

of the State of Wyoming memorialized the Congress of the United States to set aside the land comprising old

Fort Laramie. The Historical Landmark Commission of Wyoming cooperated, and finally, in 1937, just

fortyeight years after the government had auctioned the entire fort, the state of Wyoming purchased from private owners 214 acres of the original reserve and deeded it to the

United States.

Today Fort Laramie National Monument is rapidly being stabilized and restored. The fort, once abandoned to the destruction of man and

the elements, is to live anew as the NWACnON U1DC0!

West's best representative of the spirit and tradition of those early Adds Miles To Your Engine Life!

yearsl Always a famous fighter against engine wear, UTOCO with its new additives, fights harder than ever against engineruining acids, and

SELECTED BIBLIOGRAPHY engineclogging sludge. This remarkable newaction oil cleans out

engine soot and dirt, holds it harmlessly in suspension ready to be

The American Fur Trade of the Far drained out. Utoco's newaction actually can add miles to engine life

West, by H. M. Chittenden, vols. 1, and is especially effective in improving valve life and lifter operation.

2, 3 1902 Surpasses the needs for most severe passenger car service reSee your UTOCO

The West In American History, by Don quirements established by the Pealer for a "SpringElbert Clark 1941 American Petroleum Institute

... also for Clean"Changeover

Service Utah and the Nation, by Leland H.—Service"MS"diesel engines... "DG".

Creer 1929 NO BETTER Utah Oil Refining Co. MOT&fcOlL MAPE Westward America, by Howard R.

Driggs 1942

Ben Holladay, The Stagecoach King, by

J. V. Frederick 1940 azaazgZ2zz2a

The Early Far West, by W. J. Ghent... 1940

Fort Laramie and the Pageant of the

West, Hafen and Young 1938

Fort Laramie, Guardian of the Oregon

Trail, (a commemorative essay) by

Merrill J. Mattes. 1945

The Bozeman Trail, by Hebard and

Brininstool, (2 vols.) 1922

History of Wyoming, by C. G.

Cotuant. 1890

APRIL 1953 283 RUBYH. MORGAN

Editor

Company Manners

by Monica Dowries

best manners every day. But they her own family, the star said. It

were slipping into easy going, caremeant getting up ten minutes earlier less habits—"kitchen manners"she each morning, but it was worth it.

called them. Perhaps if she had had And she always used her best china

a daughter to help and silver. Not to do so would anRhoda Fleming was tired—tired Rhoda dropped into the kitchen nounce that she valued guests more

and discouraged. As she looked rocker and picked up a woman's than her own family.

about the familiar kitchen, she magazine. Henry had asked for a That hurt. Of course Rhoda didn't

felt that she would like to run boiled dinner today, and she had only care more for guests than for her straight out the door and never come to watch the stove while it finished own family. But didn't she make it

back. cooking. She leafed through the appear as though she did? The oilThere was nothing wrong with the pages. Here was an advertisement cloth cover, kitchen china (some of

kitchen, really. It was pleasant, wellfor silverware, a beautifully appointed it chipped and none of it matching),

planned, and comfortable. It was table with a delicate flower centerthe worn plated silver which Greatjust that she had too much of it. She piece. The order, the harmony of aunt Matilda had used for forty years

was in the kitchen every day, early line and color, gave her a sense of before she inherited it. No wonder

and late. The family even ate in repose. Such a table was refreshment the family had "kitchen manners."

the kitchen. for the spirit. People who could live She glanced at the clock. There

Rhoda had not planned it that like that were fortunate. would be just time enough. Her

way. She and Henry had built this Near the front of the magazine weariness forgotten, she carried out

house with a large dining room, inwere photographs of a popular the best china plates, and put them tending to serve meals as she had British movie star in her own home. in the warming oven. She covered

always been used to. But keeping And here was an interview. Of the oilcloth with white linen and

house for a husband and three growcourse she tried to look her best for set out her wedding silver. If they

ing sons, and doing her woman's chores on a farm took all her time and energy. Besides, heating the

dining room in winter in time for breakfast was a problem, and there wasn't time for taking those extra steps from the kitchen to serve. First

as a makeshift when the boys were tiny, kitchen eating had gradually come to be accepted as a regular part of their life.

She knew the effect on the boys was not good. She had always believed that there were no such things

as "company manners."She had

tried to train her boys to use their

284 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA couldn't eat in the dining room, at least there would be an oasis of Just in time for Spring planting...

beauty and order in the kitchen.

She slipped outside for flowers.

California poppies and bachelors'Boyco's Bigger Poppy Barrow buttons grew in profusion. She would

arrange them in the blue bowl Cousin

Eunice had given her last Christmas.

Then she freshened herself and put on a clean dress. She felt more

serene and rested today.

Her eldest appeared at the kitchen door. His comment, "Whee, company!"as he caught sight of the

table, sent a pang through Rhoda.

Had she neglected her own so badly?

The other two boys were now at the sink, scrubbing extra hard, brushing hair, and tidying up. They were

really putting their hearts into it today.

Her husband stepped into the room.

He looked shocked, as he asked, "Is this a birthday or something?"Poor

Henry! He was always forgetting

anniversaries and feeling guilty.

Rhoda faced them all, standing straight and dignified, but with a twinkle of mischief in her eye.

"Yes, this is a special day,"she announced. "It's the beginning of a SPRING GARDENING'S MORE FUN THAN EVER with the new

new plan. The Flemings are enterBoyco Poppy Barrow, for it features a bigger, more useful

taining the Flemings. And we're tray... one that really lets you cut the corners on hard gardening

going to do it every day!"work. You see, the new tray holds more earth, and that means

m fewer trips when you have to move dirt or sand or mulch

HANDY HINTS around your yard.

Payment for Handy Hints used will be The new Poppy Barrow glides through its work, too, on a one dollar upon publication. In the event smoothrolling, ballbearing wheel... and a big wide tire that

submitted, are idea that two with the same the won't dig into your lawn. You'll never have to wrestle a Poppy receive will earlier the postmarked one

dollar. None of the ideas can be returned, Barrow to keep it upright, either, for its 4-point support under

but each will receive careful consideration. the tray assures perfect balance, even with a full load.

will never be gravy lumpy Your if Cut your tough gardening chores... put the new Boyco Poppy

this way: thickening the you make

Simply place flour in small screwtop Barrow to work in your yard.

jar and add plenty of cold water. Put

lid on and shake vigorously to get a Do You Hae All These Work Savers?

very thin, smooth paste. Stir into boilBOYCO TOOLS are scientifically

ing gravy liquid. Mrs. G. H., Hinckley balanced to take the work

Utah. loadbuiltoff toyourtakehands.it, tooThey're... with

Add a little lemon juice to water in tool heads forged out of steel, which salad greens are to be freshened. then securely joined to

This helps make them crisp. M. M., rugged, ash handles.

Grandville, Michigan.

Children coming home from school are hungry and like to raid the icebox.

Half of one shelf in our refrigerator is *<">..

called the "snack shelf"and contains

Garden Barrow for the and BOYCO fruits, carrot Look of leftover meat, NEW Poppy dabs

Store Department or Nursery, Feed Hardware, your at Tools 23 a etc., sticks, jello, stored peanut in empty

butter jars; the children know they are UNITED STATES STEEL PRODUCTS free to use any of the things on this DIVISION \

shelf.—Mrs. D. R. B., Salt Lake City, UNITED STATES STEEL CORPORATION

Utah. 5100 SANTA FE AVE., LOS ANGELES, CALIF. 1849 OAK ST., ALAMEDA, CALIF.

An apron similar to a clothespin apron is handy for collecting small vegetables or fruit in the garden. Mrs. M. M., UNITED STA W:''!'MSii!ZSfV<iKi:M-STEEL:[i'li.

Burhank, Calif.

APRIL 1953 285

NOURISHING Crocheting for Profit

by Theresa E. Black

Havestoreyouwindowsever lookedor throughlonginglyadsat hisand ormayhernotneedsbe ableor desires.to pay cash for

HOT'N HEARTYMostat articlesof us youhavewantedexperiencedor needed?the bedspreadsI make crochetedthat I valuetablespreadsfrom $25.00and

READY IN SECONDS! sickening feeling of not being able up to $150.00. It is often difficult to

to buy those things, and we have sell an expensive spread for cash, but dismissed them as an impossibility. there are many people who are not

But they may not be such an imposonly willing but also eager to trade.

sibility as we think. I called a dealer in television sets

When your budget has stretched as and told him that I could not afford to far as it can, it is true that you may buy one. Then I described my

have to quit buying; but when this crochet work to him. That evening

happens, why not try trading? he brought his wife to my home. They

sessions—everyoneTake an inventorypossessesof yoursomepos- wantedso they andgaveneededme a nicethe crochettelevisionwork,set

thing. Look through the attic for for its value.

things you no longer need nor want. Once I saw an accordion adverMaybe you have some skilled talent tised for $200.00. I called and asked

such as sewing, embroidering, baking, if they may be interested in crochet or perhaps you could spare a few work. They came to my home and

sitting. that to easier decided be for baby it would Active families need hours

several pieces of small crochet wants Someone whatever you have sell

Carnation INSTANT WHEAT!

YOUR FAMILY'S SURE to get off to a better start each day with a hot cereal breakfast—especially if it's Carnation Instant

Wheat! For here's a hearty breakfast

dish that's just made for active families—brimming as it is with all the natural

whole wheat values of thiamine, niacin, phosphorus, and iron!

YOU'LL FIND that this flavorful cereal not only helps provide muchneeded nourishment for work or play—but it saves

you time THAT'S BECAUSE Carnation Instant Wheat is partially precooked... cooks in "no

time"! And—just wait and see...

SLEEPY MORNING APPETITES Will be all the keener when tempted with the rich goodness of this genuine Northwest premium wheat! So order Carnation Instant

Wheat today—and delight your family

tomorrow!

COOKS IN

-NO TIME"Cooks nation <iS'in "No INSTANT WHOtf WHEATTime"mm PARENTS'/. MQGAIINI i

Same Famous Family As Carnation Milk The dramatic effect of this crocheted hat and bag is achieved by adding pearl beads in matching colors.

286 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

kiwN

-PAP02 TO10EL

A stole such as this, crocheted in a simple design, can be practical as well as smart.

work than to sell the accordion for the full sum of $200.00.

Our studio couch and two chairs were badly worn. When I called an

upholstering firm, I found that it So-o-o-o absorbent!

would cost close to $175.00 to get That's why ZEE Towels are

them completely renovated. We paid so-o-o-o economical.

for the material, and they took crochet work for their work. ZEE's "Sponge Fibres"soak up

If you are experiencing difficulty ", 'water, yes, and grease, your work, crochet selling yourin.. juices, spilled fruit milk i "nolonger-needed"or your

like that! Because %m% just of for trading not trytalents,possessions—why

something that you need and want? better perforation ZEE Towels

zip offthe roll neat and ivhole! Next time, get ZEE!

Crown Zellerbach Corporation 1953

$$ft<tfW

"I couldn't run my house ivithout ZEE paper products!"

Toilet Tissue Waxed Paper Napkins

APRIL 1953 287 \i

mtr<

"WESTERN LOCKERFOIL and LOCKERAP are best for Deep Freezing Meats, Fish, Game and Fowl!"

"WESTERN LOCKERFOIL and WESTERN LOCKERAP have many other uses around the home... makes

housekeeping easier!"

Use Lockerfoil as shelf and liners paper. Can drawer

over and—'washed be easily

dver again.

Roll candles to be stored in Lockerfoil. Keeps them—'PARTY FOODS shape. sticking, losing from

Place a layer of Lockerfoil.

potted under plants to pre- / m to serve? (Perennial quesBread with a firm texture makes marks. vent water Whattion!) good sandwiches and dayold bread

Use Lockerfoil to roll pie.

slice out. Saves will crust refrigeratored cleaning, 7 arises that has been the question Whether

crust from sticking-. keeps

slices in better. sure to line the party Be or for fireside group for the

Roll 60 sq.

18"wide.ft. refreshments, T. V. snacks, or unpairs for spreading. Use creamed

expected callers, various breads or butter (melted produces a soggy crackers can be a satisfying answer. product) and spread with a wide

Hot quick breads such as whole blade spatula; two or three sweeping

f*A Use Locke rap to protect wheat biscuits or muffins served with strokes to cover the whole slice from leftovers refrigerain the *Wa <-.

tor. fresh longer. a sweet spread, fruit and nut loaves edge to edge is sufficient. Use a sharp They stay JR.

knife to cut, holding sandwich with

I * traysPut Lockerapto prevent understicking.ice the thumb and index finger.

Wrap colored clothes, Most fillings can be made in ad- <r dampenedLockerap. Keepsfor ironing,colors fromin vance and stored in the refrigerator in

running.

of Lockerap. Dampness ff'<- esMakecan't a cover for soap boxreach soap. Saves

soap... keeps the box from M

apart. >/a falling

100 sq.ft., 18"wide.

Also Handy Roll, 60 ft., 18"wide. served with cream cheese or creamed

wrapping LockRemember, in Western erfoil and Lockerap fish, butter and honey, crackers with keeps meat, fowl, game, cornon-thecob bread and tasty moist and put as the day you them colorful toppings, or sandwiches with in your freezer. a variety of fillings cut in unusual

AT YOUR LOCKER PLANT OR GROCERS sizes and shapes would meet many requirements. FREE low flat containers. Always store

for beautiful Send Serve an assortment buffet style or booklet 32page thaw how to freeze, on pass them appetizingly arranged on covered. Have spreads at room

start. temperature frozen Sandprepare and you when platters. or trays large Accompany meats, wonderful 27

refrigerator in stored wiches can be rerecipes. Address fruit juice punch with made them quest, giving make

as twentyfour as long wrapped freezer your cabinet, to WESTERN variety such well your canned homePortland, DIV., PAPER N. Ore. with WAXEDof hours. apricot, as grape, plum, or peach

WESTERN PAPER DIVISION WAXED Crown Zellerbach Corp. nectar. Peppy tomato cocktail, served Some sandwich fillings adapt to

PORTLAND SAN LEANDRO. LOS ANGELES hot or cold, is always acceptable. quickfreezing such as peanut butter,

288 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA American and cheddar cheese, cream cheese, sliced or ground meat, and fish or chicken. Egg white becomes

tough when frozen. Do not use

mayonnaise or jelly unless each slice of bread has been spread well with peanut butter or cream cheese, to the edge of the bread. Allow one hour

for thawing.

SPREADS

Basic Cream Spread

butter 1 cup warmed to room temperOnly the best olives go to ature creamed. and

For meats and cheese fillings, the cream spread may be seasoned with2 tablespoons of any of the following: EARLY CALIFORNIA

Horseradish, scraped onion, chopped BRAND chives, or fresh herbs.

Sweet Spread

(To be served on hot breads or fruit and nut loaves)

Yz cup butter, creamed Vi CUP sweetening (molasses, honey, maple syrup, brown sugar) Y2 teaspoon seasoning—-optional (cinnamon, nutmeg, or allspice)

Blend well with a rotary beater.

Creamed Cheese Spread

3 oz. cream cheese

3 tablespoons firm jelly (cranberry, mint, or apple)

FILLINGS

Egg and Cheese

1 cup sharp American or cheddar cheese, grated 2 eggs, hard cooked, shredded 2 tablespoons chopped pimento, olive, or green pepper Salad dressing or mayonnaise to moisten

Baked Bean

2 cups baked beans, mashed y2 cup thick catsup or strained chili sauce 2 tablespoons pickle relish 2 tablespoons mayonnaise (if mixture needs to be thinned) {Continued on following page)

mM Hi MiStt APRIL 1953 289 Toasted wheat germ makes this hot wheat cereal better tasting and better for you!

Youngsters! Adults! Infants! The whole family likes this creamyrich, energypacked

cereal because of its swell, roasted nutlike flavor. And what "go"power it gives them!

Unlike other cereals, Wheat Hearts is enriched with 20% toasted wheat germ, and wheat germ is a wonderful source of vitamin

B-l! Actually, this cereal is 6 times richer in

vitamin B-l than whole wheat itself.

Lifegiving protein! Food energy! Essential

minerals! Valuable vitamins! You get them

all in this great cereal. Doctors recommend

Wheat Hearts for youngsters to grow on, for adults to go on.

Best of all, Wheat Hearts cooks in 3 minutes, costs less than a penny a serving! ToParty Foods

Hearts, piping serve morning morrow Wheat sugar, hearty, with milk plus a (Continued from preceding page) and hot and spoonful of your favorite sparklinggood jelly. Liver Sausage and Egg

M-m-m-m! It's delicious!

Y2 cup liver sausage, grated 2 hard cooked eggs, chopped 1 tablespoon chopped onion Salad dressing or mayonnaise to moisten

Carrot and Tuna

1 can tuna fish 1 cup finely grated carrot ''Salad dressing to moisten

Chipped Beef

!/4 pound ground, chipped beef

1 tablespoon minced mustard pickle

Salad dressing to moisten

Ham and Cheese SPECIAL OFFER: A beautiful "Queen Bess"pat11 cupcup ground,finely gratedboiled,cheeseor baked ham

Jelly tern for Plate, yours only Spoon in Tudor 25 pickle sweet cup minced!/4 a boxtop. Sperry Hearts and Wheat Oneida by Made Salad dressing to moisten Community Silversmiths. An exclusive design and a

remarkable offer! Order as many Jelly Spoons as you

like, for yourself and for gifts, but for each Jelly

Spoon enclose a Wheat Hearts boxtop and 25$. Mail

to Wheat Hearts Jelly Spoon, Dept. I, Oakland,

California. Offer expires May 30, 1953. The Presiding Bishopric's Page

So good... and so good for you (Continued from page 277)

made to leaders the previous month; (2)

review activity records of all quorum or group members and unordained maleWHEAT HEARTS members, as recorded in the respective

Another fine product of Sperry... roll books; (3) make and record asfor 101 years a leader in the West signments to leaders to visit those need-

"SPERRY,''WHEAT HEARTS,"ARE REGISTERED TRADEMARKS OF GENERAL MILLS, INC ing attention for any reason during the ensuing month.

290 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Part Three provides for a short council meeting of each of the two ward committees. While the bishop is attending one meeting, his counselors

will attend the other meeting, alternating each month.

Problems. of specific interest to the

respective committees will be taken up in each council meeting: These problems

may include such items as, (1) adequate social and fraternal activities;

(2) quorum service projects designed to promote the unselfish giving of oneself in the interest of others; (3) Church

welfare projects; (4) training of quorum presidencies and group leaders;

(5) review of latest monthly report with a view toward overcoming weaknesses;

(6) recommendations for advancements Completes 40 years of prizewinning cookery in the priesthood.

Ward Aaronic Priesthood Meeting Busy Mother Has Won Over 400 Cooking Awards

The full time of the second priestMrs. Rubie E. Holbrook of Layton, Prizewinning cooks prefer Fleischhood meeting in each month is to be Utah, sorts some of the awards she mann's Active Dry Yeast—out of

a joint assembly attended only by has won in cooking competitions—5000 winners surveyed, 97% like

bearers of the Aaronic Priesthood and they total over 400! Just last fall Fleischmann's best. It's so much

unordained male members 12 to 21, she took top honors at the Utah handier than oldstyle cake yeast senior members of the Aaronic PriestState Fair and Davis County Fair. keeps for months on the pantry shelf.

hood, and unordained male members Mrs. Holbrook gives a lot of credit Always rises fast! Now when you

over 21, and their leaders. for her success to Fleischmann's bake at home, it's convenient to use

The object of this joint Aaronic PriestActive Dry Yeast. "It rises fast yeast. But use the best—look for the

hood assembly each month is to bring every time,"she says. "And it's so label and get Fleischmann's Active

the bishopric into a more personal and easy to use!"Dry Yeast.

direct relationship with those over whom they preside as the presidency of the Aaronic Priesthood. The bishopric

will conduct the meeting and occupy Phonograph Records the entire time of the joint assembly in giving counsel to and instruction all For The L. D. S. Home

bearers of the Aaronic Priesthood and their leaders. Occasionally, as an exTHE STORY OF NEPHI

ception and not as a rule, a special fromadaptedthe Bookand dramatizedof Mormon speaker may be invited to discuss a Two 12"semiflex records 78 rpm—$3.75

subject requiring special training and JESSIE EVANS SMITH abilities. Accompanist Roy Darley,

Two 10"semiflex records 78 rpm—$1.16

Cottage Meetings, for Priests "Angelic Choir'"each with M.I.A. Youth Chorus

Under the direction of the bishop, "That Sweet SoloStory of Old"priests under 21 are to be asssigned to ***** Luxembourg Gardens"conduct and participate in cottage meet- "/re the ings that their responsibilities as outSolo lined in D. & C. 20:4647, may be ful- "Four DucksSoloOn A Pond"

filled.

KING OF GLORY Each priest under 21 is required to (He That Hath Clean Hands) participate, as a speaker, in at least with Tabernacle Choir two such cottage meetings per year as 12"semiflex record 78 rpm—$1.31

an added requirement of the individual MY PICTURE BOOK OF SONGS

Aaronic Priesthood award for priests. Children love these 19 cleverly

Young L.D.S. girls may be invited Three 10"dramatizedrecords in albumtunes—$3.25

to attend such cottage meetings for At your dealer or direct from priests and may furnish vocal or intrios,strumental solos, duets, quartettes, or chorus singing, particiRECORDING not but may pate in any other way. ARTS, INC.

Priests cottage meetings should be ap19 West South Temple St.

pointed in the homes of understanding Salt Lake City, Utah BY THE MAKERS

Saints who are sympathetic to this kind Add 35c postage for all mail orders of training for priests. Utah customers add 2 percent sales tax MARCAL PAPER NAPKINS

APRIL 1953 291 The Beginning of the Blessing

(Continued from page 229) cestral research. Attendance at the

Genealogical Library has reached an alltime high. The annual report of

the librarian for 1952 shows 34,575 registrations by patrons doing research. During the year these were

served 141,512 books and 43,575 rolls of films. The average daily attendance for the whole year was 158, but FAMILY that for the month of January 1953

was 216. On many days the attendance reached nearly 300; recently 346 registered on one day.

More and more searchers are findFAVORITE ing in the films the solution of their problems. New alterations now underway should provide about eightyfive reading machines for the ones

consulting film sources.

Verily, in fulfilment of President

Woodruff's dedicatory prayer, the records of the past are being placed in our hands.

Another fruitful source is continually sought by numerous searchers.

The archives contain a total of 1,760,000 family group record sheets, alphabetically arranged. In addition

there are 47,000 pedigree charts on file there. Ordinarily this is the first

place a new researcher should begin, in order to ascertain what others have already done for his kindred. Adjacent to it is the temple index bureau,

an immense file containing sixteen—eachmillion cardcards representingalphabeticallyanarrangedendowment administered. This file has a

twofold purpose: to prevent duplications of ordinances and to serve as a

vast reservoir of genealogical information. Thus it is an indispensable

and priceless storehouse of facts on our forefathers.

An impressive indication of the awakening spirit of research and temThe finest candy you can buy WE DFFER... pleChurchworkis amongseen atthetheyouthlibraryof andthe

afternoon. archives every Saturday COMPLETE A OSTLER'S SERVICE ENGRAVING in the is high Enthusiasm Campus For Birthdays,

Portraits to Missionary From Mother's Day, of the students of Brigham the Largest Branch just or a Catalogues. Parties,

Attention Prompt Mail are Orders Given Hundreds Young University.

the treat for famtheir for in participating the search Osily.. CO. ENGRAVING UTAH. Paradise,it's tier's in forefathers doing work temple and St. Salt Lake City, Utah 113 Regent

Milk or Opera arrangements have for them. Special

... Chocolates

the best you can been made for them to attend the buy! Library in Salt Lake rnirrr CATHEDRAL Genealogical

City each Saturday afternoon. On

CHIMES evenings Friday and and Thursday PARADISEOstler's of afternoon 22, Saturday on January fAIR! STATE PRIZES AT UTAH WINNER OF 20 fIRST Mill I U u of thirtynine the it! percent 24, 23 and is sold! Ask for Sold wherever CANDY CasuM&nA GOOD and- 7&W&1-

OSTLER CANDY COMPANY, Salt Loke City, Utoh MAAS CHIMES, Dept. 219, Los Angeles 39, Cal. Campus Branch membership, or 435

292 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA persons, took part in research or in service at the temple. On Saturday

seventy went to the temple, and 225 searched at the archives or in the library among the books and films.

They arrived from Provo in a fleet of large busses and advanced to the ancestral quest with all the eagerness of youth. The more experienced

served as coaches to the others. They

literally swarmed into every department, and seating capacity in the library and archives was entirely inadequate. Everywhere one could see

youthful searchers studying pedigree charts and family group records previously prepared by others; others

took turns consulting the card index files and searching with skill printed family genealogies and histories of communities where forefathers lived.

Each week this activity is repeated.

Surely this is prophetic of the greater and more glorious future of this work.

Said Brigham Young,

To accomplish this work, there will have to be not only one temple but thousands of them, and thousands and tens of thousands of men and women will go into those temples and officiate for people who have lived as far back as the Lord shall reveal....

we will get their genealogies as far as we can. By and by, we shall get them perfect. 7

At the dedication of the Salt Lake

Temple President Wilford Woodruff was led to tell the people of some temfuture:ple of events the

Saints the wanted to know that we Born and raised He will be able to get the records of the fathers.

in time. to us come said manyThey will He

built temples in North be would and in UTAH!more

South America. This will be the work of

the Millennium. We will find most glorious

temples in the heavens, and the Lord wishes us to imitate them as far as we can. It is

our duty to build good temples and to make them glorious and beautiful that God himself and the Son of God with his angels may visit us there.

He referred to the vision he had had concerning this temple, especially one in which he saw a great crowd of Lamanites come into the temple to do work, and they did more tasting > in one hour than we could do in a day.

Every faithful elder who is laid in the grave goes at once to preach to the spirits in prison. Millions will hear them who

are waiting to be redeemed. Thousands > of

are millions the redeemed; been dead have 8 MORNING

for their to open. yet waiting prison doors

Utah's own Morning Milk is President Anthon H. Lund once

said in conference: the milk with the guaranteed

We look forward to the time when the finer flavor. Try it just 7 days

land of Zion will be covered with temples, and you'll never be satisfied great so the that work may9 go on, both for with any other brand.

living the the dead. and

(Concluded on following page)

7Discourses of Brigham Young, pp. 604, 616.

sFrom stenographic ceedings; Saviors on MountreportsZion,of thep. 210.dedication proYou can taste "the difference!

sUtah Genealogical and Historical Magazine, 9:74.

APRIL 1953 293 (Continued from preceding page) gritos RECIPE OF THE MONTH The Beginning of the Blessing

Of the building of temples and the

FRITOS STUFFED CABBAGE work therein, President Woodruff exSERVES 4-6 1 Egg plained: 1 medium Head of Cabbage

Vi lb. (1 cup) Ground Beef Va. tsp. Monosodium Glutamate

!'i medium Onion (chopped) 2 tbsp. Evaporated Milk This is a preparation necessary for the

Vi tsp. Salt 3/4 cup Crushed FRITOS second advent of the Savior; and when we

Vb tsp. Pepper (Measured after crushing) shall have built the temples now contemDIRECTIONS: plated, we will then begin to see the necesFold back several of trie outer leaves of the cabbage, sity of building others, for in proportion

removing the center to allow for filling. to the diligence of our labors in this diMix the remaining ingredients, place in cabbage rection, will we comprehend the extent of

and close opening by folding leaves over top. Tie the work to be done, and the present is only

cabbage in thin cloth. Cover with boiling salty a beginning. When the Savior comes, a

water years will and simmer until tender. Slice in wedges thousand to be devoted this work

serve. and of redemption; will temples all and appear

*Fritos is the registered trademark of The Frito Company over this land of Joseph—North and South

America—and also in Europe and elsewhere;

.. all for be officiated in must the

of A MEALTIME TREAT THAT'S HARD TO BEAT! andtemples before God,. the Savior precan

sent the kingdom to the Father, saying, "It is finished."

journal of Discourses, 19:229230.

The Salt Lake Temple (Continued from page 224) all others for which the members of the Church had longed. Nor was it

the last to be built, and President

Brigham Young predicted that the time would come when temples would be erected all over the land of

ALL-O-WHEAT is Zion and in foreign lands.

(DsdLciojAA. Why do we build temples? It is

because the Lord commands it. For

rich Tasty are purpose built? what they orIn flavor goldenwheat

der that sacred ordinances coveand

Full natural aniYou will j&e its to nants necessary the exaltation in A, B, Vitamin E, G value

Costs so littlethe celestial kingdom may be beCooks so quickly stowed upon all those who are worthy of the exaltation. In relation

Serve all the family...

to these blessings the Lord has said:

ALL-O-WHEAT That by keeping the commandments they

Rolled Wheat Flakes their sins, receive Spirit and the Holy by

Flour Unbleached the laying of is on the hands of him who*& and. // and Makers of might be washed and cleansed from all

Ogden, ordained and sealed unto this power; BAftMB Utah sealedAnd bywhothe overcomeHoly Spiritbyof faith,promise,andwhichare

the Father sheds forth upon all those who are just and true.

They are they who are the church of the

Firstborn. >-i>--o-—[>-—t-r:-—* n iii i>-mm><<4*mm-r:-mm*-<>- -0-M-0--04 They are they into whose hands the

Father has given all things IN USE for SEVENTYFIVE YEARS They are they who are priests and kings, who have received of his fulness, and of

Aids in treatment of Canker, simple his glory. (D. & C. 76:5256.)

sore throat and other minor mouth and throat irritations. We can discern from this that according to the letter of the commandment, none are entitled to enter the HALLS REMEDY HULMAN & COMPANY receive these temple ordinances and Salt Lake City, Utah TERRE HAUTE. INDIANA those except prepared have themwho

294 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA selves for exaltation by the keeping of all of the commandments and have You Can Still Register For prepared themselves by faith and faithfulness to be so endowed. This Spring Quarterstrictness is not always followed and

many are privileged to receive some Springtime at L.D.S. is beautiful... a

of these ordinances on the promise of spacious lawned campus nestled among many faithfulness thereafter. buddingfrom the treesinspiringand locatedTemple. just across the street

So important did the Lord consider It's the perfect environment for learning. And

the need of a temple in Israel, he New classes: L.D.S. has many new and interesting classes for

commanded Moses to build one while TypingShorthand businessyou in management,secretarial, stenographic,and office fields.accounting,

wilIsrael in of the children * werethe HySpeed Longhand learning equipment makes modern and New * Shorthand, Gregg of built thederness. most This was Simplified easier, conscientious instructors give you the and * Accounting

attention necessary. personal Israelitescostly that materials the others and

could produce. It was a portable

building that could be taken down Write or phone you're always cordially welcome at your Church school and set up as the camp of Israel BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY moved in their journeying from place of place. It is frequently spokento

to thisas the tabernacle. It was Ifflli BIJSIISS COLLEGE Branch

70 NORTH MAIN SALT LAKE CITYbuilding that Samuel was taken by I frW LfllM his mother in his childhood. In the

days of Solomon, Israel was commanded to build a permanent temple which served them until through MR. CHAIRMAN!their rebellion and corruption it was C/l CENTURY OF FOR CHURCHES AND

Nebuchadnezzardestroyed by at the SUNDAY SCHOOLS captivity.time of the On the return

of the Jews from this bondage, by NEARLY EVERYONE decree of Cyrus the Persian, the temBUYS "AMERICAN"ple was rebuilt. Later it was negWrite for information

lected, and then it was*repaired and on type of organ partially reconstructed in the days of in which you

Herod. This was the temple as our tfmefflW. are interested.

Savior found it.

Since the resurrection of our Savior, FOLDING baptism for the dead has been perCHAIRS formed. This ordinance belongs to

STYLES: 3 SEAT PIPE ORGANS all the ordinancesthe temple as do

plywood Formed REED ORGANS to salvationpertaining the of the or shaped steel or imitationOver 8 worthy dead. At the time of the leather upholstered million in use!

building of the Nauvoo Temple, the Extrapanels, widefor shapedextra comfortseats and! Rugged,deepformedreinforcedback

Lord said: triangularsteel tubing; steel crossbraces. Metal ESTEY ORGAN CORP., BRATTLEBORO/VT.

parts are corrosionresistant Bonderized, followed

For therein are the keys of the holy by two coats of outdoor enamel. No sliding or

parts. cutting or soiling No snagging, ordained,priesthood that you may receive binding store. 3SD to hazards. carry and Light weight—easy glory....honor and

For it is ordained that in Zion, and in Write Dept. 1 69 PIKES PEAR

SEATING AMERICAN COMPANY stakes, places thoseher in Jerusalem, and 2, N. W., 901 MICHIGAN GRAND RAPIDS BROADWAY

shall for refuge, appointed I havewhich IN OFFICES PRINCIPAL DISTRIBUTORS be BRANCH AND CITIES FLOUR the places for your baptisms for your dead. With FOUR

And again, verily I say unto you, how shall washings be acceptable your unto me, DRINK ExtraAdvantagesBakingexcept ye perform in a house which them you have built to my name?

SALT LAKE FLOUR MILLS For, for this cause I commanded Moses ficqo A delightful that he should build a tabernacle, that they hot beverage for those 425 West 5th South should bear it with them in the wilderness, who don't drink coffee. Salt Lake City, Utah

and to build a house in the land of promAT YOUR GROCERS ise, that those ordinances might be revealed before the world hid from beenwhich had... moulded Unbreakable

3638.) C. 124:34,was. (D. & Lightto look like glass.

Today it is the privilege of the nomical.weight, Standardnoise free..height.Ecodealer. EHCT your from Order fat &&tty this to to sacred SaintsLatterday go SB 167:'.i SPECIAL OFFER

$1.25 all these of receivehouse, there and trial for $1.00 lot of Mail Doz. mm"::'postpaid. sent dozen of one in promiseblessings fulfilment the COSTUME CO. SALT LAKE

of the Lord through Jeremiah. BRASS GOODS'CO. 55 Sudbury St., Boston 14, Mass..248 So. Main St., Salt Lake City - Dial 3-1031

APRIL 1953 295 Thirtysixth Ward of the East Ogden (Utah) Stake has reason to be proud of their young people and especially Dina Kay Bingham. She has completed her fifth year of perfect attendance at Sunday

School, fourth year perfect attendance at sacrament meeting; and with the recent exception of six

meetings which she missed because her employment conflicted with Mutual hours, her fourth year at

M. I. A. She has been given three one hundred percent award pins and is a Silver Gleaner. She is

the daughter of Asael and Evelyn Bingham.

Sandyville, West Virginia Dear Editors:

Dina Kay Bingham gives me great pleasure to see "Evidences and ReconciliaIT tions"by Dr. Widtsoe continuing for a time in The ImprovePhiladelphia, Pennsylvania ment Era.

Dear Editors: These articles have truly been helpful and inspiring. I have

gifted writer if would other some after for Era Improvement TheTheing issueof myof work,The Improvementand an editorEraalsocamesent withme amyclippingsmall offerfrom oftentake upwondered,this samein linelate ofyears,work laid aside. been fine pen had magaWidtsoe's Brother your issue, how fromthe same Washington—showing appropriately in Volume 1 the matter off puts himself cut Dr. Widtsoe been have latter city seeming to gets This around!zine

from the rest of the country for the past some years, to many of of Evidences and Reconciliations in the preface, as follows:

its citizens! "Inquiries from honest searchers after truth should always be

for ask of field knowledge, in learners, this any Intelligent I think the copy. welcomed. for sending me very you much Thank

the Indeed, studies. their in appear editors! as problems explanations And contributor by the act towardis a gracious always

attained. proficiency of degree the often a if mark receive asked ever, questions seldom those appreciated even by whoone

of wheel at the asleep are occur no problems Those to whom I slip, found.rejection have

Most sincerely, truth."

I si Ormonde Butler It is my earnest hope that this stirring challenge of this valiant soul shall be accepted by The Improvement Era through the years that lie ahead. May the torch which he carried so faithfully

Beach, North Dakota and so long be held aloft by other hands to light the path of truth. Friends,Dear

yours, sincerely Very ever. as Every is still as enjoyed much fine magazineYour M. Riggs hi J. of association to in the be encouraged again issue makes one

Hatch, Utah it. anything I find to yet have publishso a people noble who

Brethren: of the Dear some far cry from against. What a to be prejudiced

first subscribed through F. M. Lyman in 1897 September to think Christians. would One on by professed heapedhumiliation

got Alvin, Brother, year next Era. The my Improvement seems never I The but history mockery, the expose tragedies wouldthe

it to belonged then it a month, kept P. and the O. from the Era that way. predisposedto be

it it. I for had have subscribed L. Porter F. father I also me. magazine. for your good My again thanks many Many,

appreciate the Saturday edition of The Deseret NewsSalt Lake ever since.

Telegram. Am very grateful to God for the Era.

Sincerely, Yours sincerely, I si Edwin Buldhaupt I si L. Leroy Porter

Model of the small Egyptian Temple of Medinet Habu under

Reconstruction of a Babylonian temple. the Ethiopian—Photoskings. courtesy of the Oriental Institute, University of Chicago

(These temples are described in detail in Dr. Sperry's article, page 230.)

296 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

to 6e Ms Rope. Mas

SUPER S/lfE So should your motor oil!

When your life depends on a rope you want it to be the safest rope you can buy. The mountain climber's

rope is reinforced with a steel cable in the center, to make it super safe! Your motor's life may depend

on the oil you use. That's why

Phillips 66 Heavy Duty Premium f**;*''SB Motor Oil provides a builtin

"safety margin"for emergencies.

You can depend on it for lubrication and wear protection under conditions more extreme than your motor is ever likely to face. It's

super safe!

Surpasses the Recommendations of U.S. Car Makers!

Gugmteec/to Satisfy / Phillips 66 Heavy Duty Premium Motor Oil actually surpasses the recommendations established for all makes of cars. That's why we can give you a guarantee certificate which says: Try this great oil for

ten days—or up to 1,000 miles. Then, if you aren't

completely satisfied on every count, go to any Phillips 66

Dealer and he will refill your car's crankcase with any other available oil you want at our expense.

What could be fairer? Get Phillips 66 Heavy Duty

Premium Motor Oil. It's guaranteed to satisfy you!

Gf"luArifecffon

WASATCH STOP AT STATIONS WHERE YOU SEE THESE SIGNS

tke (jooaJnmas ofJif? karma

Springtime is a state of mind. It's a time Retirement can he like Springtime: not

of beginning—a time to approach the future so much an ending to a lifetime of work as the

with renewed hope and energy... a time when beginning of an entirely new kind of life...

you can begin again to do the things you like to do most... whether it's digging in the garden a life that can be filled with good things and

... or using the first worm for a longawaited good times for those who have provided retirefishing expedition. ment funds through Beneficial Life Insurance.

BENEFICIAL LIFE BillionOver onequarter Dollars of Insurance Company Life Insurance m Force.

David O. McKay, Pres. Salt Lake City - Utah