Vol.X. The Glory of God is Intelligence. No. 5

k,:.iJ:i mFimmm # snim.

ORGAN OF YOUMG MEN '3 MUTUAL IMPROVEMEMT ASSOCIATIONS

PUBLISHED E>Y THE GENERAL BQAKJD

Joseph E STTJitli I... Business ors, Heber J. Granh Edward H.Anderaon f

frt? Enlered ah Yho. PoahOfflee. Salt Lake Chy, Utah.as SeccandOass rfaUer.

MARCH, 1907.

TABLE OF CONTENTS.

Closing Years of St. Paul's Life inRome. I. Col.R.M.BryceThomas 321

Archbishop Ireland on Temporal Power 332

The Devil's Incense. A Poem Joseph L. Townsend 333

EarlyDay Recollections of Antelope Island..Solomon F. Kimball 334

Springtime. A Poem Lydia D. Alder SSd

A Cure. A Story George D. Parkinson 340

A Message to the Women of the World—I Susa Young Gates 345

Peace, Goodwill, A Poem L. L. Greene Richards 352

Randy—A Story VIII—IX Elvin J. Norton 353

The Test of Life. A Poem Maud Baggarley 366

The History of a Great Contention Dr. J. M. Tanner 367

The Lone Heart. A Poem 371

The History of Rasselas, XIX—XXII Samuel Johnson, LL. D. 372

''What You Will. A Poem Ruth May Fox 379 # The Ethics of Quarantine and Home Sanitation..Pro/. M Bennion 380

Thoughts on Two Passages of Scripture Isaiah W. Fetcher 383

Calvario. A Poem Charles Clift 384

On the Progress of Science.. H. H. Homer, B.S.,C.G. VanBuren 385 Editor's Table—Our Lesson from the "New Theology."—

Falsehood Refuted Prest. Joseph F. Smith 388

The Remedy for Failure—Notice to Agents and Subscribers m An Unpublished Poem Parley P. Pratt 392

Messages from the Missions 393

Events and Comments Edward H. Anderson 396

'rr*.

PUBLISHED MONTHLY. PHONES 919. $229 PER ANNUM.

omStm GOODS HOUSE of Dtah. Cutlcr Bros, Co.

36 MAIN STREET CLOTHING IS ALSO OUR STRONG POINT. r

I. A. HE Three M.

Manuals on the Book of Mormon are fast going out of print. Russia is taking drastic measures

will never again beto cure her troubles. You will not find You

trouble with the manner in which we privileged to buy them for will handle your fire insurance. We will the price at which you can

place the same with a reliable company get them ofand you will have no trouble getting now—think

6oo pages for 75 c, postwhat you expect when the time comes it, postage alonefor '-making good."paid—the

costs 2ic. You can haveHEBER J. GRANT & CO. the three unbound for 75c, GENERAL INSURANCE

or bound in one volume,2026 South Main Salt Lake City half leather for $1.50.

Write today.

Both Phones 351. We have a few full sets—all the

Y. M. M. I. A. Manuals—ten—for

50 unbound. Jos* Wm. Taylor $2

Utah's Leading Undertaker OP COURSE, YOU READ THE and Licensed Embalmer.

Fine Funeral Chapel, Private Parlor, Tmprovetnent ra

Show Rooms and Morgue. Send Subscriptions and Orders to

Office Open Day and Night. Edward H. Anderson,

General Secretary. 21, 23, 25 SOUTH WEST TEMPLE ST.

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH.

214216 tcmpktott Buiiaitig Salt CaKe &\y ESTABLISHED 1889 UTAH COMMERCIAL & SAYINGS BANK

CAPITAL $200,000 The STATE BANK '-''* c?. Utah computed4 Ptr Cent Interest,

... 1890 semiannually /\Jr17 T\JT nr1 r\.n.A TU Established Savings Deposits. on

Commercial Banking in all its /HIS bank solicits the accounts of

I banks.firms and individuals, and branches. Accounts of Banks and In- /

dividuals solicited. Customers assured i extends to such customers every

the best accommodations consistent reasonable courtesy and facility.

with conservative and safe banking.

Jos. P. Smith, Prest. Chas. S. Burton, Cashier

WM. F. ARMSTRONG. BYRON GROO, Wm.B.Preston.V.Pres. H T.McEwan.Asst.Cash

President. Cashier.

(When writing: to Advertlaers, please mention the Era.)

Work for Every Young; Man and Woman who is ready for it.

Enid Efimunds, Nellie Keddington, Syriuia Keddington,

Utah Sugar Co. Beneficial L,ife Ins. Co. Z. C. M I.

i]OR over a year tbe demand for our students to take positions has exceeded the supply.

Mutual improvement workers, this is your opportunity. A thorough business education

makes you orderly, prompt, and exa':t—it insures a good salary and is the key to

financial success. Take a course in Bookkeeping, or in Shorthand and Typewrtting.

Enter at any time. For information write to the

SECRETARY, L. D. S. BUSINESS COLLEGE SALT LAKE CITY.

(V\VNNNNM>,

1)dlliaavDrud...Company...

James Jack, - President T.S.Hallidat, V.P. 4;Mgr.

Job. C. Jack, Sec. & Treas.

Our Stock is New.

Prescription department is exclusive and has been endorsed by the medical association in the highest terms, DritiK flonii2 at our elegant fountain

LOCATION: Between Salt ake ff..OrDfteuni CDeatres..

(When writing to Advertisers, please mention the ERA.)

THIS SPACE RESERVED FOR

Consolidated Wagon

& Machine Company

LEADING IMPLEMENT DEALERS OF UTAH AND IDAHO.

JOSEPH F. SMITH, MELVIN D. WELLS,

President Secretary and Treasurer

GEORGE T. ODELL,

General Mana|(er

SCENIC LINE or the: world

p paQorafTa Canyon of the Grande Canyon of the Gunnison

Of KatGral Eagle liver Canyon Garden of the Gods

Beuty all Wagon Wheel Gap Manitou Springs \\)e U/ay. Glenwood Springs The Royal Gorge

PULLMAN AND TOURIST SLEEPERS

TO DENVER, ST. LOUIS AND CHICAGO

For Folders, Booklets, etc, address I. A. BENTON. G. A. P. D.. Salt Lake City. Utah

(When writing to Advertisers, please mention the ERA.)

Vol. X. MARCH. 1907. No. 5

THE CLOSING YEARS OF ST. PAUL'S LIFE

IN ROME.

BY COL. R. M. BRYCE THOMAS, AUTHOR OF "mY REASONS FOR LEAVING THE CHURCH OF ENGLAND.

Not the least, perhaps, of the many interesting facts with which Rome is associated, is that of St. Paul's imprisonment and

martyrdom in the "Eternal City."The history of the life and

work of the great apostle of the Gentiles up to his first visit to

Rome, in A. D. 61, can be gathered from the New Testament

scriptures, but his subsequent movements are more or less shrouded in mystery, and scripture history regarding him practically closes with the two concluding verses of the final chapter of the Acts of the Apostles:

And Paul dwelt two whole years in his own hired house, and received all that came in unto him, preaching the kingdom of God, and teaching those things which concern the Lord Jesus Christ, with all confidence, no man forbidding him.

The various accounts of this apostle given by writers of the earlier centuries tend to show that in general appearance he was decidedly short and slightly bent, facts to which he perhaps alludes in II Corinthians, x: 10. He was also bald, or partly so, and

possessed an acquiline nose, sharp, piercing eyes, somewhat pale 322 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

features, and a fairly longf and slightly curly, gray beard. Notwithstanding, however, that he was insignificant in general aspect,

it is said that there was a certain dignity in his bearing, combined with a genial and pleasing expression in his countenance, which went far to remove any unfavorable first impressions that his appearance might have created.

A gilt vase upon which the head of the apostle is represented was found in one of the catacombs in Rome, and is now preserved in the Vatican library. The heads of Saints Paul and Peter, as herein

illustrated, belong to a bronze medallion of the fourth century, some say of a still earlier date, discovered by Boldetti in the cemetery of Saint Domitilla in the catacombs of Saint Calixtus. This

is probably the most important of the earliest portraits of the two great apostles. The illustration was copied from one given by Mr.

S. RussellForbes in his book. The Footsteps of St. Paul in Rome.

The life of St. Paul has been given to the world by various

able authors, whose writings, although of the utmost interest, are as a rule somewhat voluminous. To many persons the most reliable sources of information on the subject, both ancient and

modern, are not accessible, such for instance as the works of MacDuff, Farrar, Barnes, Conybeare and Howson, S. RussellForbes,

and Miss Hudson, the gifted authoress of a history of the Jews in Rome; while there are doubtless very many who are unable to

find the necessary leisure to devote to the study of so interesting a life, and it is therefore with the object of being of assistance to those readers of the Era who may happen to fall into the category of one or both of these two classes that I have been led to pen this sketch of St. Paul in Rome. I have culled my information both from such writings as I have above made allusion to, and

also from the opportunities that a couple of visits to Rome have afforded me of seeing some of the places with which the great apostle must himself have been very familiar, of traversing portions of the very roads along which he was marched as a chained prisoner, both into the city to take his stand before the imperial tribunal of Caesar, and out of the city some years afterwards to suffer martyrdom, and of visiting not only the house in which he is said to have resided, but also the place where his body was buried not far from the spot where, according to tradition, he was

ST. PAUL'S LIFE IN ROME. 323

executed. While doubtless some of the subjects relating to these

facts must be more or less of a traditional character, I venture to hope that they may be as interesting to the readers of this article as they certainly are to the writer of it.

We learn from the scriptures that the apostle's visit to Rome, preordained by divine providence, came about in the following manner: When Paul had lingered in chains for two years in his dreary

confinement at Caesarea,he was left bound there by Felix with the object, as we learn from the concluding verse of chapter 24 of the Acts of the Apostles, of showing the Jews a pleasure. Porcius

Festus succeeded Felix in the Roman procurators hip, and ten days after assuming the reins of government, proceeded from Jerusalem to Csesarea to sit in judgment upon Paul, and perhaps upon other prisoners who were awaiting trial there.

When Paul stood before the judgment seat, Festus suggested to him that he should return to Jerusalem and appear again before his court there, for there seemed to be no evidence to justify

Paul's condemnation in Caesarea on any of the charges which had been brought against him. Paul, however, realizing that any such

fresh inquiry in Jerusalem would be nothing short of a farce and a mockery, and that it would be absurd to expect a just hearing before a judge who was evidently bent upon playing into the hands of the very men who were not only the apostle's accusers, but were even then thirsting for his blood, decidedly declined, and at once exercised his undoubted right as a Roman citizen to apoeal to the Roman emperor for that justice which he saw was being denied to him in Judea. As soon as he had uttered the words, CcBsarem

appello (I appeal unto Caesar), the prosecution and trial before

Festus came necessarily to a conclusion, inasmuch as, under Roman law, the latter had no longer any jurisdiction in the case. Its

final decision lay thenceforth in a higher tribunal than the one over which the Roman governor was at the time presiding, so that all that remained for Festus to do was to reply, as we learn he did do:

CcBsarem appelasti,ad Ccesarem ibis (Hast thou appealed to Caesar?

to Caesar shalt thou go.) (Acts xxv: 11, 12). This took place

in the month of June, A. D. 60.

Two months later Paul and other similar appellants to Caesar's tribunal, each linked, as was the Roman custom, with a long, 824 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

light chain by the right wrist to the left wrist of a soldier, a galling experience which the apostle had had presumably to undergo for two whole years at Caesarea, embarked in charge of a Roman centurion named Julius, in a small coasting vessel of Adramyttium, a port of Mysia, on their long sea journey to Rome, Luke and Aristarchus accompanying Paul as his friends.

The voyage after leaving Sidon, which place they reached on the day following their embarkation at Caesarea, was, as we find recorded in the Acts of the Apostles, very unpropitious, storms and counter winds succeeding one another to such an extent as to greatly retard the ship's progress. Arriving at length at Myra,

the then capital of Lycia, Julius the centurion found an Alexandrian corn ship sailing to Italy in which he secured accommodation for his prisoners and their escort. Baffling gales and heavy seas

continued apparently to accompany the party, until at length the series of dangers through which they had to -pass culminated in the total wreck of their ship on a cold and dismal morning in the month of November, A. D. 60, on the wild coast of the island of

Melita (Malta). Fortunately, not one of the two hundred and

seventysix souls on board was lost.

In that island they were compelled to remain for the space of three months, during which time Paul healed the father of Publius, the chief man of the place, and cured also many others who were diseased and afiiicted in various ways. Here it was that he shook

off into the fire the venomous viper that had fastened onto his hand as he was gathering sticks, and yet received no harm therefrom. (Acts xxviii: 5).

At the end of three months, Julius discovered another Alexandrian cornship ready to sail to Italy, which presumably had wintered in the harbor of Malta, and the name of which, as we learn from Acts xxviii: 11, was Castor and Pollux. On that vessel

Julius and his party embarked in February, A. D. 61, and sailed

away once more on their journey to Rome. Arriving at Syracuse,

in the island of Sicily, they were again detained by the inclemency of the weather for three days, after which, having crossed over to

Pheguim, in Italy, they fell in with a favorable south wind, and were carried on next day to Puteoli, (the modern Pozzuoli), near

Naples, in the beautiful bay and fine harbor of which their sea 57'. PAUUS LIFE IN ROME. 325

passage came to an end. The quay on which St. Paul disembarked

is still to be seen. Dr. MacDuff, in the year 1871, writes of having felt it a privilege to stand on the only remaining step, covered

with bright sea weed and furrowed with age, on which St. Paul

set foot in Puteoli..

Vesuvius at that time must have been a quiescent volcano, and the now ruined cities of Herculaneum and Pompeii must have been standing in all their magnificence, glistening in the sunlight, and reflecting themselves in the deep blue waters of the Mediterranean sea, a sight that could not but have attracted the attention and admiration of Paul and his companions. It was not till

two years after this that a great part of Herculaneum was ruined by an earthquake, its final destruction, along with that of

Pompeii and Stabise, by the great eruption of Mount Vesuvius, occurring in A. D. 79. Puteoli, even in A. D. 61, was a very ancient seaport, having been founded by the Greeks of Cumae in B.

C. 521, under the name of Dicacarchia.

Here Paul gladly found himself once more in the congenial atmosphere of a small community of Christian brethren and sisters, who invited him tu tarry with them seven days, a delay that was permitted by the kind'y hearted centurion Julius, thus affording

Paul and his two friends a brief but pleasant rest in perhaps one of the most beautiful spots on earth, a fter their late perilous and trying experiences. At the end of that time Julius started off

with his prisoners to the capital of the empire, a distance of about one hundred and seventy miles, proceeding along the Via Consularis—or consular way, and so on through the Arco Felice, and

by the shores of lake Avernus (the waters of which filled the crater of an extinct volcano, and were known for the mephitic vapors which are said to have arisen from them and killed any birds that attempted to fly over them), and at last arrived at Capui,one hundred and fifty miles from Rome, where they struck the renowned Appian Way.

News is said to travel fast, and that it did not belie its character in the present instance is evident from the fact that the approach of Paul and his party was known in Rome in time to permit of a number of the Christian residents of that city going a considerable distance along the road to meet him, so that by the time 326 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

the weary prisoners and iheir escort had reached Appii Forum, a distance of about fortythree miles from Rome, the hearts of

Paul and his two friends were gladdened by the sight of Christian brethren who had come out there to give them a welcome. Several

miles further on (ten to fifteen miles according to some authorities, but thirty miles according to Mr. RussellForbes),

at a place known as Tres Tiburnce, or the three taverns, situated not far from the modern city of Cisterna, they found themselves greeted once again by another body of brethren, supposed by some writers to have been the older and less able bodied people who were not equal to the longer journey to Appii Forum.

Thus cheered by the presence and sympathy of these Christian friends, Paul, the chained prisoner, and his two faithful companions, proceeded toward Rome, and entered the imperial city, then in the zenith of its magnificence and power, under tha thraldom of that bloodthirsty and cruel tyrant the Emperor Nero, in the month of

March, A. D. 61.

The Appian Way was at that time the principal road leading into Rome, and bad received from the poet Statius the appellation of Regina viarum, or the Queen of ways. It was a paved military road commenced by the blind Roman senator Appius Claudius

Csecus, in B. C. 312, and led out of the city by the ancient Porta

Capena (one of the gates in the old Servian wall), and ran through the towns of Aricia, Tarracina, Fundi, and Formise, across rivers and swamps, rocks and hills, till it reached Capua, whence it was subsequently carried across the peninsula by Beneventum to the ancient seaport of Brundisium on the Adriatic, now called Brindisi, and well known to English people as the port from which the weekly overland mail and passenger service via the continent of Europe leaves for British India, Australia, and China by the magnificent vessels Of the Peninsular and Oriental Steam Navigation Company.

Portions of the old Roman road which Paul and his companions trod are still to be seen, clearly showing the wear and tear of cart wheels which passed over the great polygonal blocks of lava stone with which the road is paved, over two thousand years ago.

After leaving Puteoli many scenes of interest must have presented themselves to Paul and those with him on their journey towards Rome. Mr. RusselForbes writes that two days after

SI. PAUL'S LIFE IN ROME. 327

leaving Capua they would arrive at Terracina, seventyfive miles from Rome, and next morning continuing their way, in two and a half miles they would cross the stream which flows from the fountain of Feronia.

Virgil JEh. "And where Feronia's grove and temple stand."—

viii: 800. Feronia was an ancient Italian divinity, whose principal

shrine was situated at Terracina near Mount Soracte. The grove

was on the edge of the Pontine marshes, and Mr. Forbes tells us

that no road through them existed in St. Pauls'day, it having

been subsequently made by Trajan in his third consulship. Trajan,

the best of all the Roman emperors, was born at Italica, near Seville, in Spain, on the 18th September, A. D. 52, and was the first

foreigner that ever reigned in Rome. He succeeded Nerva in A.

D. 98, or thirtyseven years after Paul's visit to the imperial city.

In A. D. 91, he was consul, but was afterwards adopted as his successor by the Emperor Nerva. A canal which is still to be seen

ran through the marshes, and passengers and merchandise had to be towed in barges from the grove of Feronia through the canal up to Appii Forum. It was in this manner, therefore, that the party

to which Paul belonged had to travel for a distance of some twenty odd miles.

Appii Forum was founded by Appius Claudius Csecus, the constructor of the Appian Way. Horace, the Roman poet, calls the

town busy and noisy, and full of sailors and surly landlords. It

was a place of some considerable importance, as the canal brought up a great deal of merchandise for the imperial city, all of which had to pass through it, consequently the sailors (or bargemen) and landlords spoken of by Horace were always much in evidence. All

that is left of this once flourishing town is composed of a few fragments of ruins and an ancient milestone.

That Paul must have been acquainted with some of the Roman

Christians before his arrival at Rome, or at least have known them well by reputation, is scarcely to be doubted, for in concluding his epistle to the Romans written from Corinth, in A. D. 58, he salutes

many of them by name. He certainly knew Aquila and his wife

Priscilla for they were formerly together at Corinth (Acts xviii: 2),

and he also took them with him when he sailed into Syria (verse 18). It is highly probable, therefore, that the little band of the

328 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

brethren who greeted Paul both at Appii Forum and at Tres Tiburnse, contained some whom he had seen and known previously, and their affectionate welcomes must have been most gratifying to the chained prisoner in his then distressing eircumstances.

Thus mutually comforted, they journeyed on to the great capital of the then dominant Roman empire. The Appian Way for

some miles out of the city was a street of stately tombs, and monuments of illustrious dead, some of which were ancient even in the days of St. Paul. In Rome, as elsewhere in days gone by,

burial places were always situated outside the walls. It was so in

Pompeii where ran the famous "Street of Tombs,"and it was also so in Greece and in Palestine, and we can all readily recall to mind the instance described in the seventh chapter of St. Luke's Gospel,

in which Jesus and his disciples, while passing through J udea, arrived at the gate of the city of Nain, and saw the people carrying out the corp5J9 of a young man to be buried, the only son of a disconsolate mother, who, bathed in tears, was amongst the mourners. Oiir Lord, it will be remembered, was so moved with compassion at the sight that he told her not to weep, and, advancing

io the bier, he raised the dead youth to life again.

Tombs formed a special feature in ancient communities. They

were not crowded into church yards or into cemeteries as in these later days, but were always placed when possible in the most conspicuous localities by the sides of public roads. Roman tombs were

characterized by their impressive magnificence, so that the long line of sculptured grandeur of these stately marble sepulchres must by their very solemnity have made a deep impression upon

Paul and his companions, and left a feeling of admiration for the beautiful designs both of these nionuments for the dead, and also for the many splendid temples, and fine country seats of the wealthy

Roman patricians which they met with day by day on their way

Romewards. I think, with Dr. Fairar, that it is not unnatural to

suppose that some of the brethren who had gone to meet Paul, may have been fully conversant with the names, and perhaps the histories, of these structures, and may thus have helped to lighten the tedium of the journey by pointing out to him those of them which claimed the most attention, either by thoir appearance, or by their special historical characteristics. Several of these old

HEADS OF SAINTS PAUL AND PETER.

POZZUOLI, NEAR NAPLES.

STREET OF TOMBS, POMPEII.

"CASALE ROTONDO,'''ALSO CALLED THE TOMB OF COTTA.

TOMB OF CURATU.

ST. PAULS LIFE IN ROME. 329

tombs still exist, although in a condition more or less ruinous, but to us they possess considerable attraction, if only on the ground that they are the very same upon which the great Apostle and his friends cast their eyes with curiosity and interest on their sad journey to Rome.

On leaving the Appii Forum, the party to which Paul vas attached would pass beneath the walls of Lanuvium, founded by iEneas, the birthplace of P. Sulpicius Quirinus who is mentioned

by St. Luke (chap, ii: 2) as Cyrenius, the Governor of Syria, at the

time when the Emperor Augutus made a decree that all the world should be taxed. The slope of the Alban hills would then be ascended, and from the vale of Aricia the Apostle would get his first

glimpse of Rome, far away in the Campagna beyond, its buildings glistening in the summer sun. Descending the fine causeway of

the Via Appia, the massive ruins of which still excite our admiration, and passing by the tgmb of Aruns the son of Lars'Porsena of

Clusium (immortalized in Macaulay's Lays of Ancient Rome), and by the Villa of Pompey, which afterward belonged to the Emperor Domitian,and is now called the town of Albano, the company would enter what must be described as a street of tombs.*

Dr. Farrar in his Life and Work of St. Paul writes in respect

to this journey on the Appian way as follows: "Perhaps as they left

the Alban hills on the right, thi brethren would tell the Apostle the grim annals of the little temple which had been built beside—the still, glassy lake which sleeps

Beneath Aricia's trees—

Those trees in whose dim shadow

The ghastly priest doth reign,

The priest who slew the slayer

And shall himself be slain."

The allusion here is to the grove and temple of Diana Aracina on the borders of Lake Nemorensis in the neighborhood of Aricia, a town of Latium at the foot of Mount Alba on the Appian Way about sixteen miles from Rome. Dr. Smith in his classical dictionary tells us that it was here that Diana was worshiped with barbarous customs, her priest, called rex nemorensis, being always

*The Footsteps of St. Paul in Rome, by S. RusselForbes.

330 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

a runaway slave who obtained his office by killing his predecessor in single combat.

The tomb of Cn. Pompeius Magnus, commonly known as

Pompey, would scarcely be passed by in silence, for he had been one of Rome's greatest military leaders, and was greeted by the notorious Sulla with the surname of Magnus or "the Great,"after his victories in Africa. In B. C. 70, he was consul, and ten years

later, after conquering Mithridates, King of Pontus, and his son

Tigranes, King of Armenia, and also alter taking Jerusalem, he made a triumphal entry into Rome on September 30, B. C. 60.

It was he who with Caesar and Crassus formed the first triumvirate.

He was put to death in Egypt on September 29, B. C. 48, by

the ministers of King Ptolemy through their fear of the vengeance of Crassus, with whom Pompey had quarrelled. The story of how

Csesar shed tears when Pompey's head was shown to him is a matter of history. /

At about twelve miles from Rome, the tomb of another well known Roman was passed, namely that of Publius Clodius Pulcher, the enemy of Cicero, the orator, and the most profligate of men.

In the year B. C. 62, he profaned the mysteries of the Bona Dea

which were then being celebrated in the house of the consul Csesar.

Bona Dea was a Roman deity who revealed her oracles only to women, and her festival was held each year on the first day of

May in the house of the then consul or praetor. Clodius obtained

access to the ceremony in Caesar's house disguised as a woman, and on being discovered was brought to trial, but evidently did not find it difficult to obtain an acquittal by bribing his judges. He

was killed on January 20, B. C. 57, on the Appian Way near Bovillae, an ancient city of Latium, in an affray between his followers

and those of Milo, who was then a candidate for the consulship.

The ruins of Bovillae are now to be seen near the inn of the Fratochise close to Albano.

A little further on, Paul and his companions reached Tres

Tiburnae, translated in the Scriptures as the "three taverns,"but said by Mr. RusselForbes to be "three shops."Probably wine

was to be obtained at these shops, so that practically they were taverns. Here it was that Paul's heart was gladdened at finding

another little band of brethren who had come out to offer him a

ST. PAUL'S LIFE IN ROME. 331

welcome. ''And from thence, when the brethren heard of us,

they came to meet us as for as Appii Forum and the three travems; whom when Paul saw, he thanked God, and took courage,

(Acts xxviii: 15.)

Doubtless there was a halt here for refreshments,and perhaps for a night's rest for the weary travelers, followed by an early start next morning, so as to avoid as far as possible the heat of the midday sun. From this onward to Rome the party would pass

the principal monuments of the road, for it is said that a burial on the Apppian way was to an illustrious Roman as great an honor as an interment in Westminster Abbey would be to an illustrious

Briton. Here and there they would pass by some stately temple,

or some great patrician's country seat, and would, of course, be in the midst of endless streams of traffic to and from the imperial city. The temple of Hercules would doubtless attract attention.

It was one of those founded during the Republic many years before

Paul's visit to Rome. The Emperor Domitian restored it afterwards, and had the face of the god made to represent his own.

Martial, the epigrammatic poet, mentions this fact.

A little further on, on the descent of the hill to the right, would be passed the villa of Persius Flaccus, the young Roman poet. It

was only in the following year (A. D. 62) that he died before he

had completed his twentyeight year. Between the sixth and

seventh milestones from Rome was seen the ground where the noted battle took place between the Horatii and the Curatii, three

Roman brothers against three Alban brothers, and they fought till only one of the Horatii was left alive. It was in consequence of

this defeat of the Curatii that Alba became subject to Rome. The

Romans gave a magnificent burial to the two dead Horatii on the spot, and erected over their remains a stately tomb of which there do not appear to be any trices now left.

At the sixth milestone would be met the round tomb of M.

Valerius Messala Corvinus, one of Rome's chief generals, and the friend of the Emperor Augustus, a patron of learning, and himself a poet, historian, and orator. He was also the friend of the poets

Horace and Tibullus, the latter of whom not unfrequently refers to Messala in his elegies. He died between B. C. 3 and A. D. 3.

The monument was erected to him by Marcus Aurelius Messalinus 332 IMPRO VEMENT ERA.

Cotta who was Consul in A. D. 20, and it is now known as Casale

rotondo, or the round hamlet, perhaps because a house and garden occupies the top of it. It is often called the tomb of Cotta, and

was used as a fortress in the middle ages.

On the fifth mile was the sepulchre of the Curatii, erected where they fell. The battle was first fought a mile and a half

further back jast where two of the Horatii were killed, but all three of the Curatii were very severely wounded. Seeing this, the

surviving Horatius, who was still unhurt, pretended to fly towards the city, and by this stratagem vanquished and killed his three wounded antagonists one after the other. Livy the historian, who

was born in B. C. 59, speaks of the tombs of the Horatii and

Curatii as existing in his day. A little further on, on the right,

would be seen the tomb of Pomponius Atticus the epicurean philosopher, and the friend of the great orator Cicnro. He was a Roman eques or knight, and was born at Rome in B. C. 109. He died

in B. C. 32 of voluntary starvation on discovering that he had been

attacked by an incurable disease.

Paris, France.

[to be continued.]

ARCHBISHOP IRELAND ON TEMPORAL POWER.

In his defense of "The Pontificate of Pius X,"in the February 1 issue of the North American Review, Archbishop John Ireland gives a strong statement upholding the position of the Catholic Church on temporal power. It has been charged that the Pope

has joined in "the scandalous clamor for provinces and principalities,"and that he is seeking ''the barbaric pomp of secular kingship."Says the archbishop:

The question at issue is the spiritual independence of the Holy See. It is believed, and rightly so, that a status quo whereby the head of the Universal Church

is the civil subject of any one potentate gives no stable guarantee of an unfettered spiritual sovereignty. Many are the supposable contingencies in which the subject of one civil power is barred from the confidence of other civil powers. History had solved the problem by granting to the Papacy temporal kingship. The

settlement of history was broken up by Italy. The problem is reopened. The

Catholic world has not renounced the ideal; the Papacy has not renounced it; the

THE DEVIUS INCENSE. 333

Papacy will not renounce it. The present position of the Holy See is abnormal

it cannot betaken as permanent. We can leave the solution to Providence; but,

maanwhile, the principle must be upheld. This is what is done by Pius X in refusing to be a subject of the kingdom of Italy. Indeed, it is by so refusing that

he maintains de facto the dignity and the unfettered spiritual independence of the

Holy See. It is not true that the Catholics of the world are opposed in this regard to the policy of the Vatican. They patiently await a solution—nothing

more. Pew among American Catholics, I imagine, would have been pleased to

read in the newspaper dispatches, the morning after his accession to the Pontificate, that Pius X, as a liege subject, had repaired to the Quirinal to present his homage to bis king and sovereign.

THE DEVIL'S INCENSE

(For the Improvement Era )

There is a subtle form of vice, Those who are now the tyrant's slaves

Increasing ev'ry hour. See not their own disgrace,

That seeks its victims, to entice The poison in them so depraves

Their souls in Satan's power. Their hearts in its embrace.

A countless legion, to their shame, All altruistic thoughts of love,

Poor zealots in a dream, All hopes of heaven bom,

Are burning incense to hi.'! name. Their sordid, vulgar minds disprove

Enslaved by Satan's scheme. In ribaldry and scorn.

The flaming signs areev'rywhere. Pew, once enslaved, can e'er reject

More captive.*) to allure The twinvice of their goal

The victims fall within a snare The drunkard's habit will erect

That makes their souls impure. Its snares about the soul.

The moral sense of right and wrong Twin vices they, whose snares engirth

God placed in ev'ry mind. The world in ev'ry clime,

In all this incenseburning throng With open gates that curse the earth

Is stultified and blind. With poverty and crime.

Now you have seen the tyrant's snare.

Avoid it, and abhor The scheme of Satan, and beware

His lures forevermore So subtly does the scheme entice,

Man in its sway must plod The downward course, o'ercome by vice,

Selfbanished from his God Salt Lake City, Utah.- Joseph L. Townsenu.

EARLYDAY RECOLLECTIONS OF ANTELOPE

ISLAND.

BY SOLOMON F. KIMBALL.

In early days Antelope Island was considered one of our most desirable pleasure resorts, and many happy hours were spent there by our late President Brigham Young and his most intimate associates. When he visited the island it was generally for a twofold

purpose, business and pleasure.

The first white man that lived on the island, as far as our knowledge goes, was an old mountaineer who was called "Daddy"

Stump. After him came Fielding Garr, who had charge of the

Church stock. He moved them over there in 1849, and remained

in charge of the animals a? long as he lived. He built the old

Church house and corral, a part of which remains there until this day.

Presidents Young and Kimball moved their horses and'sheep there several years later, placing them in charge of Joseph

Toronto and Peter 0. Hanson. Several times they visited the

island themselves. In the summer of 1856, they, in company with

several of their family, spent two or three days there. The lake

was quite high at the time, and both Toronto and Hanson met them at the lake shore with a boat and rowed them over, while the teams forded it. The time was pleasantly spent in driving

boatover the island and in visiting places of interest,—bathing,

riding, and inspecting their horses and sheep. Old "Daddy"

Stump's mountain home, then deserted, was visited by them.

They drove their carriages as near to it as possible, and walked the remainder of the way, a distance of a half mile or more.

EARLYDAY RECOLLECTIONS OF ANTELOPE ISLAND. 335

Everything was found just as the old man had left it, and a curious congloieration of houses, barns, sheds and corrals it was. It

was located at the head of a small, open canyon, against a steep mountain. The house was made of cedar posts set upright and

covered with a dirt roof. Close to it was a good spring of

water. The house and barn formed a part of the corral, and just

below it was his orchard and garden. The peach trees were

loaded with fruit, no larger than walnuts. The old man, feeling

that civilization was encroaching upon his rights, had picked up his duds and driven his horses and cattle to a secluded spot in

Cache Valley. The last heard of him was that he had wronged a

Lite squaw, and in revenge, she had crept up behind him and cut his throat. The party returned to the Church ranch that evening

and drove home the next day. Brother Garr died in 1855, and a

year or two later Briant Stringham took charge of the stock on the island.

In 1857, quite a romantic episode took place in Salt

Lake City, terminating on Antelope Island; it stirred the four

hundred of Sflt Lake to the center. Thos. S. Williams, then one

of Salt Lake's most prosperous merchants, closed out his business, and had made extensive preparations to go East with his family, where he expected to make his home. He had a beautiful and

accomplished daughter, engaged to David P. Kimball; but, on

account of their being so young, Mr. Willipms would not consent

to their marriage. The young couple were determined not to be

thwarted in their plans, and matters became desperate with them as well as with her parents. Her father placed trusted guards

over her, and she was carefully watched by them, night and day, until the hour of departure had come. That morning, in an

unguarded moment, she darted out of the back door and was out of sight almost instantly. A carriage and four horsemen were in

waiting for her, and, before the guards had fairly missed her, she and her intended were hurled over to Judge Elias Smith's office and were made husband and wife for all time. They then jumped

into the carriage, drawn by two fiery steeds, and accompanied by four mounted guards, composed of Joseph A. Young, Heber P.

Kimball, Quince Knowlton and Brigham Young, Jr., they made a

dash for Antelope Island, reaching their destination in less than 336 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

three hours. Here the young couple spent their honeymoon

remaining there until her father was well on his journey to the

East. Not a living soul knew where they were, except those who

had aided them in their elopement, until they came out of their hiding place.

It was about the year 1860 that President Young, at the head of a select party of prominent men, visited Antelope Island again.

He took all of his clerks with him, the majority of whom were good musicians. They formed a splendid string band, led by

Horace K. Whitney. The brass band under the leadership of Wm.

Pitt, was present also, and many pleasant hours were spent in listening to their sweet music. The party remained there three

days enjoying a continued feast of pleasure the whole time. Much

of the time was spent in boating, bathing and climbing to the topmost peaks of the island. All places of interest were visited,

some riding in carriages, others on horseback, and some going a-foot. Many visited the wreck of the once famous boat.

Timely Gull. The heavy winds from the southeast had broken it

loose from its moorings at Black Rock, two years before, and had driven it to the south end of the island and thrown it high and dry upon the rocky beach. This was the first boat of consequence

that was ever sailed upon the waters of Salt Lake. When the

boat was first launched. President Young, with a select party,

made several excursions over the lake with it, and it was considered to be quite a novelty in those days. The following is taken

from President Young's journal of January 30, 1854:

With a small party of friends I witnessed the launching of my boat, just below the city bridge and from the west bank of the Jordan. I christened her the

Timely Gull. She is fortyfive feet long and designed for a stern wheel to be

propelled by horses working a treadmill, and to be used mainly to transport stock between the city and Antelope Island.

Every evening a couple of large campfires were made, and young and old alike would unite in having a genuine good time in roasting and eating meat for the evening meal. It was amusing

to see the hightoned clerks and members of the Deseret Dramatic

Association sitting around these fires broiling teabone and tenderloin steaks, which they had fastened to the ends of long, sharp sticks. Then with bread and butter in one hand and their neat in

EARLYDAY RECOLLECTIONS OF ANTELOPE ISLAND. 337

the other, with plenty of good milk on the side, they ate their suppers with a relish that would have made the kings and noblemen of the earth look on with envy.

Another important feature connected with this pleasure trip that made all who were not acquainted with western life look on with amazement was the display of horsemanship. There were upwards of one thousand horses on the island, the majority of them

being almost as wild as deer. Briant Stringham, who was in

charge, made it a point to corral every horse on the island at least once a year. At such times they were branded, handled and

looked after in a general way.

President Young had invited some of the most noted horsemen in the territory to be present on this particular occasion.

They came there mounted on the best of horses to take part in the yearly round up, and they were all ready and anxious for the fray.

'Stoddard,Among them were such men as Lot Smith, Judson

Brigham Young, Jr., Len Rice, Stephen Taylor, Ezra Clark, Heber

P. Kimball, and the Ashby and Garr boys, and others, every one

of whom knew the island from A to izzardThere was not one of them but could ride a bucking horse bareback, or lariat the wildest mustang on the range. President Young was not long in giving them the word to go, and there was "something doing"for the

next three days.

The boys left the ranch early that morning in bunches of three, and about two hours apart. They crossed the island to

the west side, and rode leisurely along until they reached the north end, scaring up wild bands of horses as they went, and heading them that way. By that time their horses were pretty well

"gaunted,"and ready for the fifteenmile dash that lay before them. They were islandraised, longwinded, swiftfooted, and

their speed on a long run was something wonderful. They had

been picked from the best on the island, and their worth could only be estimated by the class of men who owned them. The

moment one of these wild bands of island horses were started up, they must be kept on the run until they reached their destination, or they would scatter and run in every direction. No set of men

could corral one of these bands unless they were expert horsemen, 338 'IMPROVEMENT ERA.

and acquainted with all the surroundings and conditions, and mounted on the best of horses.

About ten o'clock on the morning of the round up, a dust was seen near the north end of the island. It had the appearance of a

whirlwind, moving southward at the rate of about twenty miles an hour. Nothing could be seen but dust, until it had reached within

about two miles of the house. T. B. H, Stenhouse, and other

journalists, had climbed to the top of the house in order to get a full view of the approaching band. Everybody was on tiptoe, and

the excitement was intense. Here thy came, the speediest animals in the lead, and all of them white with foam, panting like

lizards. There were about seventyfive of them in all, and some

of them as fine animals as could be found in any country on earth.

Those present from the old countries who had never witnessed such a scene before, stood almost paralyzed with excitement.

The enthusiasm manifested by the onlookers was so great that it almost lifted them from their feet. Before they had fairly gotten their breath and recovered from the shock another exhibition

of horsemanship presented itself before them which almost left the first one in the shade. Four of the largest horsemen of them

all, led by Lot Smith and Judson Stoddard, mounted four large and beautiful island horses, and entered the corral where the wild horses stood snorting like so many elk. Lot led the chase with his partner close behind him, followed by Judson Stoddard and his partner. While these wild animals were on the run around the large

corral, Lot threw his lariat over the front foot of one of them, and at the same moment his partner had lassoed the same animal around the neck, and, with their lariats around the horns of their saddles, had in less than a half minute thrown the horse and dragged it over the soft and smooth surface of the corral, a distance of several rods, to a place where the fire and branding irons were, and in another half minute the horse was branded and turned loose.

They had no mere than gotten out of the way before Judson Stoddard and his partner had another horse ready for the finishing touch, and so it continued, until the band had been disposed of and turned loose on the range to make room for the next one that was expected at any moment. The valuable saddle horses ridden by

these expert horsemen, were selected from the wild bands, while

EARLYDAY RECOLLECTIONS OF ANTELOPE ISLAND. 339

on some of these long runs. It was a test that tried the mettle

of every horse in the band, the horses that came out in the lead on a fifteen or twenty mile run could be depended upon as animals that were almost priceless for saddle animals, over a rough and mountainous country. That day the price of island horses rose

fifty per cent, and the man who could afford to own one of these beautiful animals was considered lucky.

On the morning of the fourth day, President Young and party returned home, and those who composed the company declared without hesitation that they had had "the time of their lives, and would always look back to this excursion to Antelope Island with the greatest of pleasure.

Salt Lake City, Utah.

[to be concluded in next number.]

SPRINGTIME.

(For the Imvrovement Era. 1

The blossoms fragrant springing,

Down in the leafy dell, The whisp'ring winds of springtime.

How sweet the tale they tell

With joy we hail their coming,

O'erspreading hill and plain, With wildest flowers the sweetest,

Hid in the mossy lane.

King Winter's reign is over.

The biting frinds have flown.

All nature wakes to gladness, Sings in melodious tone.

Wfirm breezes kiss tie violets.

Where once the snows lay deep;

Full is the world of sunshine That wakes the flowers from sleep.

Lydia D. Alder.

Salt Lake City, Utah.

A CURE.

BY GEORGE D. PARKINSON.

Two women had just entered one of the residences in West

Seventysecond St. (New York). As they laid off their wraps, it

was not difficult to fix their relaticm to one another. A certain

similarity of expression stamped them as mother and daughter, although their features were different in type. Mrs. Laughlin's

hair was growing grey. Her face wore a look of sadness, and

was, besides, ratter dull. It did not seem ever to have been capable of vivacity. This negative expression was, in the daughter,

merely a certain timidity of glance. The girl was pretty, about

twenty, of a fresh ai:d youthful complexion and moderate height.

Bolh were fashionably dressed, and the home was luxuriously fumished.

Not a word was exchanged between the two until the upstairs sittingroom was gained, and the door closed. Mrs. Laughlin sank into a chair, and gazed at the fire. She was the first to

speak. "I cannot think of it otherwise than as a direct guidance,

Rose. Mrs. Byle seems a dearer and more valuable friend to me

every day."

Rose came over to her mother and sat down beside her. Mrs.

Laughlin continued:

"The thought that it should have been your father who was so near us today! I have not felt his presence so vividly since his

death. "The widow leaned her head back, and closed her eyes.

Rose stroked her mother's forehead, murmuring; "Yes, mother."Then after a moment, "Our course is plain. I will marry

Mr.'Montvain in six weeks'time. Mrs. Byle's inspired words this

A CURE. 341

afternoon were like a command."She rose and went to her own

room. Halfan-hour later, mother and daughter dined alone together.

It may have been halfpast eight that evening when the maid brought up a card to Rose. "Tell Mr. Howard to wait, "said the

young lady. She entered the drawingroom, her hand trembled

slightly as she gave it to the tall and stalwart man who rose at her entrance.

"I am glad that such a friend as you are, is the first to learn a bit of news of importance, that is—of importance for me,"said

Rose after a few minutes conversation.

"That friend is more sensible of the honor than he can tell you,"said Howard, gallantly.

Miss Laughlin paled slightly as she said, "I am going to marry Max Montvain in six weeks'time."

The face of the man opposite her clouded over arid he said gently, "That is unexpected news. I hardly know Montvain, but

fact is, from what I know of him, I would never have fancied—the

him in the light of your husband,"

Miss Laughlin hesitated and an uncertain look was in her eyes. "It must be,"she said at length. "I have known Mr.

Montvain three months. Mother thinks highly of him, and wishes

me to marry him. Today we were at Mrs. Byle's again, and had

some wcnderful experiences. We received several messages from

my own father, and he expressed it as being his will that I should take this step. Mrs. Byle has wonderful powers!"She had spoken

in a low tone, and with downcast eyes during the last few sentences.

Howard controlled himself with difficulty. There was complete

silence for a moment. Rose finally said, "You say, 'from what

you know of Mr. Montvain.'What do you know of him?"

"Not much,"said Howard in a strained and rather cold voice.

"What I do know is not of the best flavor."Suddenly his heart

surged up within him. "Rose,"he said, "you know that I am

more to you than a mere friend. I tell you that you are taking a

step which will ruin your whole life. Montvain is an adventurer,

or worse. I know it, though I have no proof yet. May I take

the place of your father and brother in this matter? You and

342 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

your mother have received this man. Others have done soBut all is not rigjht with him. "He had risen to his feet as he

commenced to speak, and now he stood before her. She rose, too,

but turned away her head. Fear, hope, and uncertainty were wringing her. Suddenly she wheeled around towards Howard, and put

both her hands in his for a moment. Then she left the room precipitately.

Matters had taken their course, and Max Montvain had now been for two weeks engaged to Miss Laughlin. His brilliant manner, his remarkable powers of conversation, added to a handsome

face had succeeded in completely winning the heart of Mrs. Laughlin, largely accustomed to the dull companionship of her own

thoughts. She and her daughter had led lonely lives the last few

years. Their circle was not large, and included almost no male

friends beside Howard and Mcntvain. They had met Montvain in

the Adirondacks in September, and he had assiduously cultivated them since returning to town. Mrs. Laughlin had inherited the

usual third of her husband's fortune, of which the remainder was now Rose's, but wealthy as she and her daughter were, society had small attractions for them. For three years Mrs. Laughlin

had been an ardent believer in Spiritualism, and had almost given herself over to the guidance of a clairvoyant and medium named

Mrs. Byle. Her daughter hardly knew what society was, so quiet

had been her life by her mother's side. Yet the tie between

mother and daughter was not a strong one. The mother's nature

was undeveloped through lack of training. The daughter's, possessed of great capabilities, was trembling and straining to burst

from its sombre surroundings into the light of life and sunshine.

Since her engagement, a cloud of doubt had* been hanging over

Rose. She mistrusted both herself and her mother. Everything

to which she had been [holding just seemed crumbling in her fingers.

One evening justbefore dinner. Rose, in answering the telephone, recognized John Howard's voice.

"Are you free tomorrow evening?"After a second's pause,

'—* 'Unless Mr. Montvain should come.

''He will not;]come, Rose. Will you trust yourself to me for

the evening?"

A CURE. 343

"How do you meaii—'He will not come'?"asked Rose, wonderingly.

"I have reasons for thinking he will not. Will you be willing

to go with an old friend if he calls for you in a hansom at eight tomorrow?"Rose tried to calm her voice; which would tremble a little

from excitement in spite of her as she said, "Yes, I shall expect you, then; thank you; goodbye,"and hung up the receiver.

Howard helped Rose into the hansom next evening, and as the two sped down the avenue she felt safe and at home with her companion. He was genial, but his face was serious. As the cab

reached Washington Arch, and plunged into the wilderness belo.v

the square, she could no longer keep the w:rds back.

"Now you must tell me where we are going."

"I will tell you where and why,"answered Howard, his manner growing grave and businesslike. "Since leaving you a fortnight ago my spare time has been devoted to trying to substantiate

my statements regarding Mr. Montvain. "He paused and looked

at his companion. She was leaning far back in the other cornerof the vehicle, gazing straight before her. He continued

"I obtained his address, and had not got much farther thanthe collection of a few bits of information regarding his daily habits, when chance led him in person across my path. I had

been to the theatre alone rather less t'.ian a week after seeing you,

and had gone afterward to a little restaurant in Twentyfifth

Street."Miss Laughlin had leaned her head back, and closed her

eyes. Howard went on in a low tone.

"Montvain was pointed out once to me at a railwaystation-

Though I had seen him only on that one occasion, I had no difficulty in recognizing the man facing me at the next table as being still young womanhe. He was not alone. A rather stout and

was with him. Both were in evening dress. I could see the

woman's profile distinctly in the mirror at her side, and should know her f gain if I saw her."

As Hc\\ard said this, gently and distinctly, he felt that the his trembled a little. He wasknee that h d teen just touching

silent for a few minutes. The rubber tires of the hansom ware

not sufficient to prevent a violent jolting of the vehicle on thsse344 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

downtown streets. Miss Laughlin did not seem to be disturbed

by it, however. Her limbs were quite immovable.

''I overheard som of their conversaHoward went on, firmly, tion. It was of an intimate character. Champagne was opened,

and the woman proposed a toast to 'your approaching marriage, and its practical benefits to all concerned.'There seemed to be

an understanding between them on some moneymatters, and they booth seemed to be looking forward to some stroke of good luck.

When the pair rose to go, it was one o'clock. They agreed to

meet at one of the downtown Hungarian restaurants tonight at eightthirty. We are going there now. I want you to see them

yourself."Howard felt that Rose leaned heavily on his arm as they entered Stralce's restaurant. The usual glare and blare of lights and

music met them at the door. They stood a moment practically

hidden by a screen, while Howard made a brief survey of the crowded room. In the far corner to the left were the pair he

sought, both in street dress this time, but in the same jovial mood as they had been a week ago. He pointed them out to Rose, but

he was not prepared for the deadly paleness which followed her distinguishing them. She staggered and leaned close against him.

"'0 God,"she whispered, "take me away from here."He half

supported, half carried her to the waiting hansom.

"Was that the same woman?"He just heard the words and

answered, "ys."

"It was Mrs. Byle,"she said, and leaned her head on his

shoulder from sheer weariness.

A thousand thoughts had sped through Howard's mind during the last five minutes. He bent his head over the face beside him,

anc said, gently, ''Do you think you could learn to love me without a medium?"

Rose shuddered a little, then said, half whispering,'! did, long

ago."

University of Chicago.

A MESSAGE FROM A WOMAN OF THE LATTERDAY SAINTS TO THE

WOMEN IN ALL THE WORLD.

BY SUSA YOUNG GATES.

I.

If, in a railway carriage or on the street, or even m a cottage or drawing room, I were to be introduced to you, my stranger sister, as a "Mormon"just from Utah, your eyes would be instantly full of queries, even if your lips were too well bred to voice your thoughts. But you must know that I am very willing and pleased

to answer all your questions. So now, as I have learned through

experience and travel what you would ask, if you could, I shall try to answer you, and beg that you will not be satisfied with the brief information I may be able to impart about what you call "Mormonism."

First, then, ''Am I ashamed of my parentage, birth, or religion?"You would not word it so, but that is the thought which

lies at the root of your suprised ejaculation, "From Utah?"No,

I am not ashamed; far to tne contrary. Proud, indeed, am I of

my birth into the home of one of the greatest men God ever sent to this earth, and of a mother who had few faults, who was exquisitely chaste and beautiful in mind, body and spirit; whose

whole life was a prayer, and whose memory is a eonsecrated benediction. And I am glad and grateful that God showed me the truth in

my young days, and taught me the glory of the mission of Jesus

Christ, and the importance of the message which the Prophet

Joseph Smith died to establish upon this earth, for the last time.

346 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

I have listened in fancy to the questions asked seventeen hundred years ago, by cultured and haughty Roman matrons, of the lowly

Christian women who chanced to cross their way. I think I hear

some Roman princess exclaim in soft, sarcastic tones, "So? And are

you a Christian? Aren't those Christirn people very unfortunate

and degraded? No? I have heard so many dreadful things about

that curious Carpenter who was a stable boy, and who was one of the most notorious criminals ever crucified. Such unchaste stories

of the low people who followed him into all kinds of depravity and filth. Why, you know, a courier who came to our palace from the

very heart of the city of Rome, told me just the other day that the disgraceful scenes the Christians enact in the very catacombs of our ancestors are too awful to repeat. Indeed, I myself suggested to the emporor last fall that these Christians were fit for

nothing else but food for the hungry lions in the arena. I quite

long to see the vile men and enslaved women wiped out from our great civilization. It is a blot upon the fair fame of our glorious

Rome. Don't you think so?"It was so the Romans talked

then. Is it not so people talk now? Yet truth is so mighty and

so compelling, that those who receive of it, even if it be sometimes mixed with error, will die for their convictions. Truth has

erected many altars, and almost as many scaffolds.

"Do you believe in Jesus Christ as the Savior of the world?"is

your first question. The answer contains the foundation stone of

all my faith. We believe that he was the very Son of God, the

Only Begotten, in this world, of the Father. All others had human fathers as well as mothers, always excepting Adam, who was

a being brought from another world. We worship God as our very

eternal Father, and his Son Jesus Christ as the Mediator, the one only link between God and man. He is the author and finisher of

our faith, and our elder brother. The first article of our faith,

written by Joseph Smith, reads: "We believe in God the Eternal

Father, and in his Sdu Jesus Christ, and in the Holy Ghost."We

worship him with all the devotion and adoration possible to humanity. We love him so truly that we are constantly ready to

forgive our cruel enemies for his blessed sake. We pray to God

in the name of Jesus, not in set, formal, written prayer, but with the loving trust which long years of nearness to him has begotten

A MESSAGE. 347

within us. He has heard our prayers in the past, and will bend

down his ear to our infirmities in the future. For he bears upon

his own person the marks of the same savage persecution which now follov3 us in our endeavor to testify anew of his life, his mission, and his glory.

If, then, we accept Christ, you ask, "Why do you place so much stress upon the life and mission of Joseph Smith?''

Joseph Smith was a new witness for God. He declared that

he saw the Father and the Son in the grove near his home. He

never repudiated that testimony. In a world which is seeking to

deny the personality and the mission of that Savior, a new witness to his divine mission and person is a vital necessity. Joseph Smith

saw Him, and saw his Father. It requires no moral courage to

declare that Jesus is the Christ; eighteen centuries of struggle

and sacrifice have made that fact universally known, if not accepted, by almost every kindred, tongue and people. But it does

require courage, of the highest type, to declare that Joseph Smith was a prophet, and that he saw, in a vision, the Father and the

Son. All that scorn and hatred can do, has been and is now being done to silence that testimony. To bear testimony that Joseph

Smith was a prophet, is but a new declaration that there is a God and that he came with his Son once more to earth, to usher in a new dispensation, or to restore the gospel in its fulness and purity.

"Are not all Christians traveling the same road to heaven?"you

ask. Certainly they are, if they accept Jesus as the Christ. They will

all be saved, but not all will be exalted. Christ said while upon

earth, "Straight is the gate, narrow is the way."He was a devout believer in organization. He did not place the succession of

his presidency upon several of his disciples. To Peter only did he

say, "Feed my sheep."And the apostles acknowledged that

choice by accepting the subsequent leadership of Peter. Paul

tells us there is but one Lord, one faith, and one baptism. There

is no single word of all Christ's teaching which woulJ indicate that people could choose their own road to heaven. Men's standards of right and wrong vary, almost as their faces vary. There

must be one recognized authority to administer law, and to interpret it. The Latterday Saints believe that heaven is more

definite, and far more exquisitely organized than is possible for 348 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

mortality to conceive. Intelligences are as unequal as are bodies.

There will always be need for a government, both in a family and in a public capacity, which shall furnish opportunities for the restraint of the superior force and the full exerciee of the inferior force. If, then, the kingdom of God is to be based upon immutable laws, who shall administer them unless there be officers?

There may be many lines which approach the perpendicular, but there is only one which follows the exact upright. And, it will be

noticed, none of the lines approaching this exact line, ever touch it. They may waver, now near, now far, but they never meet and

mingle. When the crooked line becomes straight, it is absorbed

and lost in the true perpendicular. So there can be but one way,

one Church. He has said it.

"Did Joseph Smith receive a revelation from God?"is your next

incredulous question. ''Did he really see an angel, and can intelligent, wideawake American women assert in sincerity that such

an astounding thing be true?"

Let me begin my answer by reminding you that, in a court of justice, when a man is accused of falsehood, the burden of proof lies with the accuser. Joseph Smith solemnly maintained the

truth of his statement, in the face of hatred, scorn, and mob violence, and finally death itself sealed his testimony with his heart's blood.

Paul tells us that faith is the substance of things hoped for, he evidence of things not seen. If God had arranged all his

earthly work with a view to convincing the children of men through the five senses, he would have defeated his own primal law, which law is the law of faith. If we saw an angel once a day, there

would be no occasion for us to pray, nor to exercise faith in angels, in God, or in his manifestations. We would know that angels live,

and they would no doubt give us very accurate information concerning heavenly things and principles. The scientist must develop a profound faith in the presence of an atom, for none of his

senses prove its existence. Yet, where knowledge is, there is no

need for faith. God lives, but we must develop faith to accept

that fact. Angels come to earth, but you and, I, perhaps, have

never seen one. Shall we deny all these facts because they have

not reached any of our senses?

A MESSAGE. 349

Read your Bible. Do you believe that the angel appeared to

Abraham on the Plains of Mamre? Did God show himself to

Moses? Did he speak to John the Baptist when he was baptizing

Jesus? Did Moses and Elias appear to Jesus and his three disciples on the Mount? And was it the voice of God or another

who said, ''Thisismy beloved Son, hear him"? If there were

angels then, why not now? Did God love his children then and

not now?

One of the greatest external testimonies ever given to the truth of the mission and the statements of Joseph Smith is offered by the passionate devotion of the hardheaded, shrewd, New Englanders who followed him across a continent, and who died for the testimony they bore of his integrity.

You are telling me that religious enthusiasm is the world's common property. Even so, men do not go to the death for a lie.

If thpy are ready to put their lives in the breach of their statements, they have some measure of truth, you may depend upon it.

If there is another world, and not many people question that truth, why shall not the inhabitants of that world have the power to visit this, when it is decreed? You say we do not visit other

worlds; can you prove that? It is our belief that we agreed to

forget our former knowledge when we came to this earth in order to grasp and accept the mighty truths of faith; and the power of

faith controls the universe.

Jesus told Peter that upon the rock of personal revelation to the human heart he would build his Church. In that way, and in no

other, can you or I or anyone obtain the information we seek.

Ask God to convince your heart whether Joseph Smith received a revelation from him, and whether he saw an angel or not. On

that one proof I rest all my case, without fear or doubt. Men

cannot satisfy you, I could not convince you of this; reading about

Jesus'life and work, and studying the ancient and modern scriptures, are but helps in this direction. Go to the Mighty One

who met Joseph Smith in the grove at Palmyra, in 1820, and he will surely answer your honest, sincere request.

"Why was Joseph Smith of all men chosen to receive a revelation?"

It is true that Joseph Smith was a poor, uneducated boy.

350 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

There were many learned and eloquent scholars in the worli, who could have convinced other scientific men about the truth of the

Book of Mormon. The ancient scriptural writers, however, describe a learned man as one who is wise in his own conceit. Jesus

was born in a stable, and chose unlettered fishermen for his apostles and successors. He himself was a carpenter. Paul, the one

scholar among the Twelve, bitterly descants, in the second chapter of 1st Corinthians, upon the dangers of earthly learning, and the snares of worldly wisdom. In no time in the world's history,

has the Lord chosen the strong to confound the weak, or the wise to betray the foolish.

"How can enlightened people accept polygamy?''

We answer that question by asking another. How can Christians accept the Bible as the word of God? And who will condescend to sit down in his kingdom by the old polygamous

patiarchs? If polygamy was so abominable, why did not the

Savior pronounce against it? But that principle has been withdrawn from the Church. It is neither taught nor practiced by the

Latterday Saints today. What, you ask, was it true yesterday,

and not true today? Your own contention makes it true for Abraham and untrue for moderns. However, I do not take that stand.

What is true once, is true forever. Yet, a truth may be given today, and withheld tomorrow. Let me quote, for the first and last

time, from the Book of Mormon. Jacob, one of the ancient

Nephite prophets, denounces in unmistakable language the practice, which had obtained among the people, of taking many wives and concubines, after the pattern of David and Solomon. The

Lord chastises the Nephites for this, as they had no authority from him to introduce the principle. He closes his reprimand

with the following significant words: "For if I will, saith the

Lord of hosts, raise up seed unto me, I will command my people.

Otherwise, they shall hearken unto these things."That is the

substance of the whole matter. When for a special purpose

a plurality of wives is decreed of God, he will give commandment therefor. Otherwise, he gives no man this permission. As

to the results of this principle, the words of the Savior, "By their fruits ye shall know them,"is truly applicable. It was

entered into (no matter how mistakenly according to our Christian

A MESSAGE. 351

friends), entirely as a religious sacrament, and it was lived in purity by most of the men and women who thus accepted it. The

fruits of these marriages are before the world. It would be difficult to find a finer race of men and women, morally, mentally, and

physically, than has been produced through that order of marriage.

There were never more than four per cent of the people who accepted the doctrine in the old days, and nearly all of these brave men and devoted women are gone beyond. But their children are

here, and we are not ashamed of them in Utah. Look at them,

talk with them, and judge for yourself. It is only stating a fact

to say that they form the governing class in Utah, civilly, eiucationally and socially. (But it would be difficult, now, to find more

than a score of men, even in Salt Lake City, who are still practicing that principle.) We have suspended plural marriage, in obedience

to the same power that established it. Therefore, it is neither

taught nor discussed in Utah. But I have touched upon it here,

lest you might think I had something to conceal. "Mormonism,"

socalled, or the gospel, courts the light, is glad to stand in the brightest flood of keen investigation. All that is asked is,

that you uncover every principle, search out each doctrine for yourself.

Your next question is an easy one to answer.

"What has the gospel done for the women oi the Church?"

Verily, "by their fruits ye shall know them."If socalled

"Mormonism"had depraved and enslaved its women, as our enemies assert, there would be good ground for Christian efforts to redeem them from that condition. Let us see.

Salt Lake City, Utah.

[to be concluded in next number,]

PEACE, GOODWILL.

A kindly thought can never come in vain

Yet thoughts soon die if left but to remain

Unused, inactive, clogging heart and brain;

Let me ne'er smother helpful impulse thus.

When Heavenly Father gives me generous thought.

Let me believe some blessing should be wrought

For someone, somewhere; let the chance be sought.

And some poor, answered prayer made marvelous.

But should a thought unChrist-like and unkind

Enter my soul, disturbing heart and mind.

Envy or selfishness, or both combined.

Such thought or feeling I would quickly kill;

It should not live to grow and to extend.

To make me injure or distrust a friend;

I would not voice it, all my words must blend

With that blest angel chorus—Peace, Goodwill!

I love you. Dear Ones! Let me say it now

I think of you when before Heaven I bow,

And ask that God all best things will allow

For each one's present and eternal good.

My Dear Ones, let us in sweet union live,

Nor thoughtless speak, hearts are so sensitive

What seems unfair, be ready to forgive.

And simply say 'twas but misunderstood.

And oh, my friends, I prize your friendship now

I will not wait death's touch on either brow;

If I have hurt you, kindly tell me how,

So I may prove that good was meant, not ill.

For sudden death today seems in the air;

A heart may cease its throbbings anywhere,

At any moment; oh, my soul, prepare!

With all the world and Heaven hold Peace, Goodwill!

L. L. Greene Richards.

Salt Lake City, Utah.

RANDY.

BY ELVIN J. NORTON. SUPERINTENDENT Y. M. M. I. A..

POCATELLO STAKE.

VIII.

Early in the afternoon the telephone manager at Pine Fort put in a call for Maple Creek.

'*I can't remember all that,"said the girl at the division exchange. "Here's Maple Creek—talk with them yourself."

There was a rattle of connections, and then "Hello!"came

in another voice.

"Are there any people in your neighborhood by the name of

Rogers?"asked the Pine Fort manager.

"Yes, I believe there's a family of Rogerses up the creek,"was the answer.

* 'We want Dick Rogers for M. Burke at Pine Fort, "said the

manager slowly.

"Dick—Rogers—for—M—Burke,"came back over the wire."

"That's right, "said the manager. "Now have him brought

just as soon as possible This is very important business."

"All right,"was the answer, and the receivers clicked in the hooks. Mack Burke, who had heard one side of the conversation,

walked out to pace back and forth in anxious waiting for an hour;-

and the clerk in the little Maple Creek store, where the telephone was placed, turned to the crowd of loafers round him, among whom he had no trouble in finding one ready to profit on the spoil of misfortune by receiving a big fee for the little task of bringing

Dick Rogers to the telephone.

"Dick Rogers?"said 'the one '(intrusted with the message.

"He means Sam Rogers, don't he?"

354 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

"No,"answered someone; ''that's all right. It's Sam's

brother's boy, Dick from Westside. He's been here a month feedin'

sheep for Sam."

Thus enlightened, the messenger set off, and without any unnecessary loss of time, found Dick at the home of Sam Rogers.

A telephone call for a boy of sixteen, from a place seventyfive miles away in the opposite direction from his home, had a mystery which neither Dick nor his relatives could understand.

They lost no time, however, in preparing to answer the call. Dick

ran to the house for his coat, while his Uncle Sam put the saddle on Nibs. "Well, I guess I'm ready,"called out Dick as he sprang into the saddle.

"l can't imagine whac it means,"returned his uncle.

"But I'll soon know what it is,"said Dick, riding out of the yard. "Goodby, Uncle Sam.

It was nearly three o'clock when the clerk in the Maple Creek store rang up the exchange and gave notice that Dick Rogers was waiting. "Here they are, ready for you,"said the clerk to Dick a moment later.

Dick, trembling all over, took the receiver and shouted *'Hello!""Hello!"answered Mack Burke, with nearly the same awkwardness. "Be you Dick Rogers?"

"Yes—I'm Dick Rogers."

"Have you got a brother named Randy?"

"Named what?"

"Do you know a boy named Randy?"asked Mack, more distinctly.

"I guess I do,"was the eager answer. "What about him?"

"He's here, an'he's awful sick,"said Mack; "an'we want

some of ye to come Oxi the train tonight. I'll meet the train

here. I don't know what time the train comes down the valley,

but I guess ye ain't got much time, for it's kind o'late now."

"All right. I think I can make it,"answered Dick, and

without waiting for Mack's next words, or to offer any explanation to the listening idlers round him, he laid the receiver down

RANDY. 356

and hurried out of the room. A few minutes later he was giving?

Nibs his own time on the road to Westside.

Dick was extremely disappointed, though not surprised, when he found that Henry Palmer was net at home. He dreaded to

break the news to the mother and oister; and, knowing that Henry

was the one to go to Randy, and must therefore be found before the train passed, he reasoned that no time would be lost by finding the brother first. But when, after failing in his inquiry at

the store, Dick saw the locomotive smoke a mile up the valley, he regretted seriously not having told Rachel and her mother all about it. When, however, he saw Rachel making her way towards the

station, he thrilled with hope agai'i, and gently stroked the faithful Nibs in commendation of the good speed he was making.

Reining his pony up at the side of Rachel, he lost no time in answering her question why he wanted Henry. His heart sank again

when he saw Rachel stagger under the weight of his sad message, but the next moment he saw that she was herself again, and in compliance with her direction, he dashed ahead to signal the train.

Then the engine answered his signal. Dick stepped aside

with more relief. He saw Rachel enter the saloon, and felt a deep

sympathy for her in the anguish he knew she was in. But he

thought of that only a moment, for matters of even greater consequence weighed upon his mind. He feared that his ride would

yet prove in vain. The locomotive passed majestically by him,

the freight cars followed, the two passenger coaches drew up slowly, and all was still. He looked anxiously towards the saloon,

but did not see Henry.

''Come on here, young man!"called out the conductor on the

nearest car steps, "The man that is goin'is in the saloon,"shouted Dick eagerly.

"In the saloon!"returned the conductor, with an oath, and

giving a lantern signal for the train to start, "What do you mean by stopping the train in this way?"

"But his brother is sick, and he must go,"persisted the boy.

"All aboard!"shouted the conductor impatiently.

Acting on the first impulse, Dick started to run towards the saloon, but the rattling of the starting cars told him it was too late. With one more despairing glance at the saloon, he ran back

356 IMPROVEMENT ERA

and sprang to the steps of one of the moving coaches. He turned

again and saw Rachel running towards the train, and Henry coming after her. Notwithstanding the twilight, he thought he saw

the pain in her face. He waved his hand to her, but was sure

she did not see him, for at the same moment she reeled and fell against her brother.

Dick's next experience was in facing the conductor without money to pay for his fare; not because he was poor, but because

the stirring events of the afternoon had not left him time to think of money. Bat he had little trouble in this respect—except to

remain on the platform till the conductor should find him, he gave the matter very little thought. His purpose was to go to Randy,

and he was determined to go. The conductor forgot his haughtiness of a few moments before, took an interest in the boy's story,

and decided he was not dealing with a tramp. He not only carried

Dick to the junction on the main line, but lent him money to buy his ticket on to Pine Fort.

The overland train was considerably late. Dick walked the

platform for nearly an hour. He thought of trying to send a message back to Westside. But what could he tell Randy's relatives?

He knew as yet no more than they. It would surely be better to

wait till he reached Pine Fort, when he could send a more definite message. He was still wondering what to do when the train came

and decided the matter for him.

In another hour the overland train'came to a stop at Pine

Fort. Mack, who had hoped to meet the father or the mother

of the sick boy, was disappointed to find, among the three or four who stepped from the train, no man nor woman that seemed to be looking for him. A common feeling of anxiety, however, soon

drew him and Dick together, and they were not long in learning that each was the one whom the other sought. Both tried to cut

their introduction short, for both were anxious to reach their sick friend. Dick's only question brought out the answer, that the

doctor, returning to Pine Fort in the evening, had reported Randy apparently better; and Mask was satisfied for the time being when

he learned that the word had reached Randy's relatives, and that

Dick had come in answer to his message. But Dick had an immediate duty to perform. He explained briefly that he was not

RANDY. 357

Randy's brother; that the latter liad missed the train, and that a

message must be sent back to the sick boy's family. Mack saw the

wisdom of this, and they hastened to the telephone office. When

they called for Westside, however, the exchange told them that the Westside store, in which the telephone was placed, had evi.

dently closed, for no one could be roused by the bell. Mack then

suggested the telegraph; but Dick knew there was no telegraph

office at Westside. Dick censured himself for not sending word back

from the junction, and asking someone to answer his call when he reached Pine Fort. But the best he could do now was to leave a

message to be sent at the first opportunity, saying that Randy was reported better, and that someone would meet the train the next evening.

During the hour's ride to the Burke home, Dick and Mack talked of nothing but Randy. Each knew what the other was eager to

learn. Dick's intimate knowledge of his playmate's character enabled him to bee Randy in all the actions and all the peculiar moods

described by Mack. The man's sympathy, on the other hand, drank

in the sadness which Dick's story contained. The struggles of

the widowed mother, the courageous work of the brave sister, the called forth compassiondespondency of the weak brother—all

from the honest Mack. True, he saw in Randy's course much

that he could not approve. Bat the truth, now laid bare by the

boy's most intimate friend, caused him to love Randy more than ever.

At eleven o'clock they reached Mack's home. The good

mother and father, though of course sorry that none of Randy's own family had come, gave Dick a warm welcome, and were greatly relieved to know that with them was the boy who had one of the first places in Randy's affections.

Mrs. Burke led Dick to the sick boy's bedside and told in a

few words of Randy's condition. The boy had lain, she said, in a

stupor since early in the afternoon, and it was hard to say at that time how the sickness would probably turn. She said he had shown

no signs of consciousness since taking the medicine last brought by the doctor, but before that time he had awakened and spoken to them occasionally. With these explanations, she quietly withdrew to join her husband and Mack, and listen to the latter's story

—a story she was anxious to hear.

358 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Dick leaned over the bed, pale and trembling. For twelve

months he had longed to see Randy, but had not imagined such a meeting as this. He knew little of the sick room. He was

alarmed by the flushed face, the short breath, the parched lips, and the strange mutterings. He passed his hand over the hot forehead, and felt a thrill at the strange contact with the boy he

loved so much. His mind filled with a flood of thoughts. He

recalled his own and Randy's past life. He remembered many

joys and disappointments, many acts of merit and mischief. He

thought of what must be the apprehension and suspense in the

Palmer home at this moment. And in some way—he knew not

all this with the sick friend before him. Sorhow—he connected

row had had so little place in his own life, that he felt dazed with if it was a reality. Then he thought of the reality—he wondered

griefstricken mother and sister what might be the outcome;—a

lost part, an inexplicable something in and brother,—a vacancy, a

his own life. But he could not reason it out. The tears ran

down his cheeks and dropped on Randy's burning face, and he knelt down by the bedside, hid his face in his arms, and wept as only a boy can weep.

Unobserved by Dick, Mrs. Burke watched him and shed tears

of sympathy herself. When he was calm again, she returned to

resume her faithful watch over Randy. Then Mack and Mr. Burke

came in, and all four sat near the bed. Forgetting deep or rest

for themselves, they talked until long after midnight. In a suppressed undertone, Dick portrayed before his new acquaintances

many interesting pictures in Randy's'life and home surroundings.

Usually the pauses in his remarks, were filled in by Mack with some incident in his own experience with Randy that emphasized traits of character which Dick's words were intended to show. Then

Dick told how Randy's mother had struggled against great difliculties to make her children comfortable and happy; how Rachel had

bravely assumed the burden of nearly supporting the family; and

how Henry was fighting against an evil habit that was gaining more and more power over him. Their hearts went out in compassion for these people, who, they knew, were in deep sorrow

this night; and they had a greater interest in the boy before them,

whom they knew better and loved better than ever before.

a

RANDY. 359

During all this conversation, Mrs. Burke had risen frequently

to wait upon Randy. He required constant attention, and it was

agreed that Mack and Dick should watch him during the remainder of the night. Mrs. Burke applied a spoonful of water to his dry

lips. He did not take the water so eagerly as he had done before,

and Dick's quick eye detected something like uneasiness in Mrs.

Burke's expression.

"His fever is not so high as it was,"she said, turning to the others. "His eyes are open!"whispered Dick.

Turning to Randy, they saw him looking vacantly at the ceiling. Then his eyes moved round the room, fixing their gaze for a

moment unconsciously on some of the most conspicuous objects.

Dick stepped a little closer to the bed. Randy looked at him;

but did not seem to distinguish between him and the others, or even between him and the furniture about him. In a,few moments

the eyes of the two comrades met again. This time something

like consciousness began to show itself in Randy's expression—

kind of wonder, as if the boy was trying to solve a puzzle. Dick

longed to hear him speak, and stood trembling under the influence of varied emotions. At last he leaned over t"he halfconscious face

and asked, "Do you know me. Randy?"

That name—which had not fallen upon the ears ot its owner

spoken by a familiar voice, acted like a powerfulfor a year—now

stimulant. His expression of wonder passed into surprise, and

then his face lighted with a smile. A moment more he looked

into Dick's face as though waiting for ideas to form in his mind.

Then he asked, in a tone stronger than he had spoken in for three days, "Is it Dick?"

"Yes,"answered Dick, tears of joy filling his eyes.

"Am I home, Dick?"asked Randy, with a show of bewilderment.

"No, Randy; but I've come to take you home,"Dick said;

and he knelt down so as to be closer to Randy.

"That's good,"answered the sick boy, putting his hand out from the cover, and closing his eyes as if to collect his thoughts.

longer hot with fever—in both his own.Dick clasped the hand—no

I

360 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Again Randy opened his eyes. "Did Nibs come home?"he

asked. "Yes, Randy;—but we'll talk about this some other time,

answered Dick, seeing the anxious expression on Mrs. Burke's

face; "everything is all right. You must get some rest now."

And he started to rise.

Randy took hold of Dick's hand. "Don't go,"he said, "I

ain't tired."His words, like his breath, were quick and short.

Again he closed his eyes, and there was silence. Mrs. Burke

passed her hand over his forehead: the fever was gone; his brow

was moist. His eyes opened again, and his features showed more

consciousness than before. "Yes, I remember,"he said, "this is

Mack's home. Mack is the one that give me a job when I come

f'm Westside. "He paused for breath.

''Will you take your medicine now and cover up?"asked Mrs.

Burke, trying to divert his thoughts.

"I want to talk with Dick jest a minute first,"he said, looking again at the boy whose hand he held so firmly. "You know,

the night I left ye, Dick? I turned Nibs loose and come on the

will tell ye the rest. "It now train. The train was late.—Mack

required considerable effort for him to speak; but he went on

t)rokenly, "Ye know the paper Ray give me that night, Dick?—

felt sorry when you looked at me like you?tore it up, ye know.—I

. They're in my coat. a pieceand them baves—did.—I found

It don't read now like it did—."His voice was weaker, and he

Btopped from exhaustion. He seemed trying to unload the burden

of his mind in one moment. Dick, seeing the effoi t it cost Randy

to recall the scenes of that sad night, was cut to the heart, and could not keep back the tears. Mack and his parents were bending over the bed. But Randy did not see them—his eyes were

closed. Once more he spoke, but only in a whisper,

"I was mean to you all, Dick.—Take me back home!"

Randy turned his head so as to breathe more freely. Mrs.

Burke fanned him gently with her handkerchief. Mack and his

father stood with bowed heads in reverent, breathless attention.

Dick still knelt by the bedside, yielding his right hand to the cold grasp of his friend, and covering his own eyes with his left.

Randy tried again to speak, but failed to make a sound. Then,

RANDY. 361

with all his remaining strength centered in one final struggle, he all was silent.whisperd feebly, "Henry—Ray—mother!"—and

IX.

Henry Palmer was suddenly restored to full reasoning power when he found hims3lf supporting his unconscious sister in front of Miles's saloon. He lost no time in having her taken home. In

a few words he told his frightened mother the little that he saw and heard from the time when Rachel spoke to him in the saloon.

There was something in his tone and countenance which begged the mother not to reprove him; and she was careful not to allude

to his conduct. Under the heavy weight of sorrow caused by this

sad news, they both worked diligently in applying restoratives to

Rachel. As there was no doctor at Westside, they were forced

to rely upon their own skill and that of their kind neighbors. In

spite of their incessant efforts, it was several hours before Rachel began to revive. At last her eyes openei; and, although she had

only a fraction of the strength she had possessed a few hours before, her consciousness was the source of much comfort to her mother and Henry.

Meantime steps had been taken to learn more about Randy.

Henry and Mrs. Palmer expected Dick to return and tell what he

knew. After waiting an hour for him, they decided that he must

have gone on the train. Then a willing messenger was sent to

Dick's home for information; but he came back with the report

that Dick's parents did not know their boy was in the town, and had sent a man to Maple Creek to inquire about him. The merchant,

who had the telephone in his store, was asked about the matter;

but no word had come to him. Although very few would think of

such a thing as a message from Raridy being sent to Maple Creek,

Henry thought of it, and tried to inquire of the neighboring village, only to find that the Maple Creek store was closed for the night. Had he inquired of the exchange office, he might have

found trace of the message, but he knew too little of the telephone system to think of that, and if the merchant thought of it.

he did not mention it. At last they decided that all they co'ili do

was to send a messenger again to the Rogers home to wait for the man who had gone to Maple Creek.

362 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Then followed an anxious hour. Rachel, who was now conscious again, could of course tell them nothing they did not know.

While they waited, the telephone rang the Westside call, tut no one heard it, although the grieving family whom the call sought were anxious to hear some definite tidings. The mother broke

down in frequent tears, while Rachel spoke consoling words of hope; and Henry walked the floor telling himself that he was largely to blame for it all.

At last the man returned from Maple Creek, and the messenger sent to Dick's home brought back word that a message had come to Dick from Pine Fort. Henry hastened to rouse the

merchant again and go to the telephone. Putting in a call for

Pine Fort, he received the message left for him—that Randy was

reported apparently better, and that the train would be met the next day.

As might be expected, this news gave considerable relief; for

now they knew where to look for the long lost boy, and could plan definitely for his comfort. And all three of them spent the most

of that night thinking and planning. The events of the evening

and their solicitude for Randy were not such as to let them sleep.

Notwithstanding the fact that the train would not leave till evening, they were all astir early in the morning, and at breakfast time had every preparation made for Henry's departure.

Several hours wore on monotonously. Shortly before noon

a messenger brought a telephone call for Henry. Apprehensive

of the worst during those hours of painful waiting, Mrs. Palmer

and Rachel were greatly alarmed by the call. Henry tried to persuade them and himself that the tidings were as likely to be good

as bad; but even he was pale and trembling when he hurriedly left

the house. On his way to the store he could not avoid seeing in

his imagination a still greater calamity, chargeable to his own weakness, and still more necessity for him to become a real support for a sorroiving mother and sister; so that when he reached

the telephone he was to some extent prepared to receive the message which came—that Randy was dead. The sad announcement

dazed him for a moment; but having learned the worst, he controlled himself and calmly asked for the details. Then he listened

while Dick briefly told him the story. Henry heard and approved

RANDY. 263 the plans which Dick and Mack proposed—that everything necessary be procured at Pine Fort, and arrangements be made to bring

the body home the next morning—the morning of Christmas day.

Henry returned home and told the sad news. Words, spoken

or written, cannot portray grief which follows in the wake of death. The news passed rapidly from mouth to mouth, and a dark

gloom spread over the whole village. Many who, in ordinary

trouble, are ready to judge and censure, are silenced to reverence by the awful presence of death; and so on this occasion all hearts

were drawn by a cord of sympathy to the Palmer home. Men

gathered in small groups and talked of the event and its mournful circumstances; mothers and sisters spoke in subdued tones and

shed silent tears as they worked; boys moved aimlessly up and

down the road, trying to realize that they could no longer hope for

Randy to be with them.

Henry did not go to Pine Fort. The one daily train left Westside in the evening and returned in the morning. Had he gone,

he would have had only a few hours in the middle of the night at

Pine Fort, during which time he could neither have rendered assistance in the care of the body, nor gone out to the Burke home to express his gra\itude for the kindness shown his sick brother.

Dick had assured him that with the help of Mack everything would be carefully attended to. Henry's one hope and purpose now was

to comfort his mother and sister; and after carefully weighing

every consideration, he decided that he could do more good by staying at home, and in the early evening telephoned his decision to Dick.

Although there were some reasons why Henry should have gone, Mrs. Palmer and Rachel were glad he remained;—for this

was Christmas Eve. They found comfort in -having him with them,

as hour after hour brought vivid recollections of a year ago. On

Christmas Eve Randy had gone away;—on Christmas Eve his mortal form was waiting to come back. On Christmas Eve they had

expected a happy day to follow;—on Christmas Eve they could see

before them one of the saddest days they had known. Thoughts

like these occupied their minds, and little was said during that long, sad night. Henry connected all with his thoughtless course,

and heaped even too much blame on his own head; but when his

364 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

mother and sister thought of him, it was with feelings, not of censure, but of compassion and love and hope.

At last Christmas Eve merged into Christmas morning. The

late dawn found the village already awake. Little children with

eager joy grasped their precious, wellfilled stockings, and cautiously emptied them of their mysterious loads. Parents and older

children joined the tots in their mirth and frolic. But still in

nearly every home might be saen the effect of Randy's death.

Many of the people, old and young, rode out to meet the morning train. Among these was Dick's father, whom the Palmers had

asked to direct the funeral. He had a large sleigh in which to

convey the coffin. By his side was Henry; but Mrs. Palmer and

Rachel hid preferred to remain at home. Soon after the people

stately,had gathered at the station, the train came in—impatient,

unmindful of the burden it carried. Strong hands carefully drew

from the baggage car a large box and placed it in Mr. Rogers'

sleigh. In solemn procession the people moved away, their number increased by two sad mourners, Dick Rogers and Mack Burke.

For several hours the coffin remained in the Palmer home, surrounded by those heartrending scenes which would not bear description, even if description were possible. During part of this

time, at Mrs. Palmer's request, Mack and Dick told the sorrowing

family the simple story of Randy's life during the past year.

Dick's part of the story was an account of the boy's last moments of consciousness. More tears were shed when he told how Randy

had cherished the fragment of a note and the dried holly leaves.

No further proof was needed of his fond remembrance of home.

With trembling hands Rachel opened the little soiled packet. She

looked at the scrap of paper, and thought how strange it was that a brief note, written hurriedly and intended only for a moment's service, had become so precious. It had been treasured by Randy;

but it was now many times dearer to her than it could have been to him. From an old family chest she took a handkerchief which had

been intended for Randy a year ago. It was of pure white silk,

delicately embroidered in a corner, "From Santa Claus—R. to R.''

Unfolding the handkerchief she poured into it the broken and powdered leaves and the dried berry, and with them placed the fragment of paper. Round these she carefully folded the handkerchief

RANDY. 365

again, securing it with the pin that Randy had used for the same purpose. Then she put the parcel away to be kept among her

most sacred treasures.

Mrs. Palmer found consolation in the fact that Randy had

passed most of the year with the honest herder. She was especially comforted to know that her boy had been under such tender

care during the last days of his life. She clasped Mack's hand and

thanked him from her soul for his kindness and the kindness of his father and mother. Nor did she forget to express her gratitude

to Dick for the assistance he had given. It was a sad regret, she

said, that no member of the family could talk with Randy before his death; but it was a joy to know that he had died holding the

hand of his dearest friend.

These hours spent alone with Dick and Mack were the source of great strength to Mrs. Palmer and Henry and Rachel. With

feelings more reconciled, they faced the remaining sorrowful erents of the day. They were consoled by the kind words spoken at the

funeral service, and with hope revived they rode behind the coffin to the grave yard. Here their hearts were torn again as the coffin

was quietly lowered and covered in the earth; but when the last

duties for the dead were performed, they partly calmed themselves, stepped from the sleigh, and walked up to the grave.

The people gradually withdrew, until only Dick and Mack remained with the griefstricken family. Mrs. Palmer, supported

by Rachel and Henry, stood a few moments, absently gazing at the heap of brown soil. At first she thought how well Randy's early

death had its similitude in this newmade heap surrounded by snowcovered graves. Then she thought of a time when she had stood

beside another newmade grave only a few feet from Randy's. The

man who had been laid in that other grave now had in the son at her side a counterpart in every respect but one. What a comfort

it would be to her, she thought, if Henry could be like his father!

The great sorrow of parting with her husband; the disappointment

she had met in the course of her older son; the anxiety of the past

all these burdens year; the bitter pangs of the present grief;—how

would be mitigated if she could see in Henry the realization of the ideal she had formed in her mind before he yielded to intemperance. She believed he had the power to resist; she believed he

366 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

could become like his father if he would face the evil with an invincible determination to succeed; and she longed for him to renew

faith in himself, and brmg to her sad home a great Christmas blessing.

Henry was sure he knew the burden of his mother's thoughts.

He silently drew his arm from hers and walked slowly to the opposite side of the grave. He saw Dick wiping the fresh tears from

his cheek, and Mack gazing thoughtfully at the lifeless mound; he

saw his mother and sister standing arm in arm,—sad, alone, as

though deprived of his strength to sustain them; he saw, thrown

clearly on the grave by the bright Christmas sunshine, his own he, then, merelyshadow—the shadow of a stalwart man! Had

the appearance of strong manhood? Was there not, somewhere

within that manly form, a power equal to the present burden? He

walked back to his mother and sister. Then, as though answering

the thoughts of his mother, he took their hands in his, and said, with a determination they could not doubt,—with an earnestness

which gave them, even in this sorrowful moment, a joy they had risingnet felt in many long, long months,—in words, calm, but

from a power he had never known,—

will!""Rachel, mother:—I can;—I

[the end,] Pocatello, Idaho. '

THE TEST OF LIFE.

(For the Improvement Era.)

'Tis easy to die like a hero, when the blood is at fever heat,

Quickened to lust of battle by bugle and marching feet.

We honor the martial enlistment, when glory calleth to strife;

A heroic deed is applauded, but 'tis not the test of life.

But to heed the heart's low voice, though the spirit of pleasure be rife,

And to siand, if needs be, alone, is a surer test of life.

And to fulfill a humble mission, ever true to duty's call,

Doing each day one's very best, is the truest test of all.

Maud Baggarley.

Waterloo, Utah.

THE HISTORY OF A GREAT CONTENTION

BY DR. JOSEPH M. TANNER.

Some companies of negro soldiers had been stationed at

Brownsville, southern Texas. A protest was made at the time by

citizens of the town. Negro soldiers do not meet a very hearty

welcome in perhaps any community near which they are stationed.

The AfroAmerican is permitted to enlist in the army; and the

army officers have had no little trouble in so regulating his service as to avoid race antagonism. In Brownsville such antagonism was

manifested, and the differences between the people and the soldiers became quite serious. The negro soldier naturally feels that

he is in the service of his country, that in some way he is the servant of the government, and is therefore entitled to some recognition; but race hatred prevents the recognition that the white

man might receive. In August, 1906, while the negroes were in

barracks at Brownsville, a number of them scaled the walls and made an attack upon the town. Bullets were fired into the homes

of the people, the sheriff was wounded, a man was killed and the town terrorized by the soldiers. As soon as the shooting ceased,

the soldiers immediately returned to the barracks and were not identified by their officer. The affair created some excitement

throughout the country, and an army officer was at once detailed to make an investigation. The soldiers were all mum. They

either did not know who took part in the affair, or would not give evidence against their comrades. It was a very serious matter

for soldiers whose sworn duty it is to protect life and property and maintain the peace of the country to be thus engaged in a most disorderly and murderous riot. From the investigation made, it

looked very much as if there were a conspiracy to conceal the 368 IMPHO VEMENT ERA.

names of those who took part in the affair. Whether the conspiracy was general is not known, but it was certainly evident that

some of the negro soldiers who did not take part had knowledge of the affair. It was certainly necessary that some punishment

be meted out, for such conduct was demoralizing to army discipline, and disgraceful to the army of the United States. But the

guilty ones could not be found. What should be done? Upon

recommendation of the army officer, detailed to make the investigation, the President of the United States dismissed all the companies of the barracks at Brownsville, without honor; and by way

of further punishment declared them ineligible to hold any office of honor or trust or emolument in the military service of the

United States, and he further declared them ineligible for any civil service within the gift of the federal government.

The order of the president created an uproar among the colored population of the United States who had a host of sympathizers among the white population, especially of the North. It

was soon perceived that innocent soldiers might have been punished in equal severity with the guilty ones. There was no trial

by court martial nor was there a trial by the civil courts. The

punishment was upon the summary order of the president for their dismissal.

Those familiar with the early history of Utah, remember a similar disgraceful riot by federal troops stationed near Provo.

The soldiers there were not welcomed into the social life of the people, and were excluded from the dances. They took offense at

such ostracism and raided the town in the middle of the night, shot into houses, attempted to burn the tabernacle, broke in the windows and doors of private homes, and treated the people to a reign of terror for one night. In those days the complaints of the

people and their remonstrances were answered by stationing the troops in the heart of the town. Even the soldiers who took part

in the riot, and against whom evidence was overwhelming, were turned loose without punishment. It did not then seem to make

much difference what outrages the federal troops in Utah perpetrated against its inhabitants.

The Brownsville incident at once gave rise to an attack upon

THE HISTORY OF A GREAT CONTENTION. 369

the authority exercised by the president in dismissing the colored troops without honor, and inflicting upon them the disabilities of future civil or military service. Some of the leading journals of

the United States, notably the New York Sun, at once took issue with the President. When Congress convened, the Brownsville incident at once became the subject of resolutions. Senator Foraker offered one authorizing a senatorial investigation. He took

the ground that the President had exceeded his authority as Commander-inChief of the army, and that the soldiers were entitled to a trial. Mr. Taft, secretary of war, took the side of the President, and in his report, after going over the details of the riot,

argued that the order of dismissal went chiefly to the fitness of the soldiers to be serviceable any longer in the army of the United

States. Mr. Taft has had long experience on the bench, and is a

jurist of national reputation. The further fact that such men as

Senator Knox were with the President, while some of the best lawyers of the Senate were opposed to him, clearly indicated that a great struggle was on among the leading Republicans of the

Senate. Democratic senators, whose race prejudices were well

known, were in sympathy with the President's order of dismissal;

and Senator Blackburn introduced a resolution endorsing the action of the President. This threw the Republicans of the Senate

into an alarming excitement. If the Republican members of the

Senate became divided, it was evident that those who favored Mr.

Roosevelt would have to make common cause with the Democrats on an issue that involved the President as a great factor in the political future of the Republican party.

Senator Aldrich gave out that he also would offer a resolution directing an investigation of the race question, the very thing that

Southern Democrats are anxious to avoid, since such an investigation might lead to such questions as the representation which the

South has upon the basis of its population, which includes the m negroes, in giving the South its fixed number of representatives the House; while, as a matter of fact, the negro vote is nullified

throughout the Southern States. Such a resolution as that suggested by Aldrich was merely a menace to the Southern senators,

that they must not interfere in a race question which they had al- m a ways deprecated. In the meantime. President Roosevelt,

370 IMPKO VEMENT ERA.

supplementary report to the Senate, withdrew that portion of his order dismissing the soldiers which declared them ineligible forever to any civil office under the government of the United States. The

question of civil status, he perceived, did not come within his prerogative as Commanderin-Chief of the army of the United States.

It was a frank acknowledgment by the President of his error, and won for him enlarged commendation for what has been regarded by many as his frank and manly course in public life.

The Brownsville incident evidently had the effect of bringing to light the differences that have for some time existed between the

President of the United States and a certain group in the Senate.

For the last few years, the President has been active and pronounced in his campaign against certain phases of great corporations, and in favor of an income and inheritance tax. He has

stepped from the traditional reserve of the White House, in matters of legislation, into the arena of legislative combats, in both the House and the Senate. The immense power of his great

patronage, and his exceptional popularity throughout the country, made his wish very effectual in compelling some senators to fall into line with his policy. Public opinion came to the aid of,jthe

President, whose way was evidently made more or less easy by the fear which senators and representatives had with respect to the approval of their constituency. The Brownsville incident, and the

large disapproval of the President's order in dismissing the soldiers without honor, brought about a reaction among a group of senators who, no doubt, felt justified in a retaliation against the

President whose pressure they had hoped to throw off. It is said

that the President is in no mood to compromise; and it is felt

that, in the matter of resolutions, he is able to defeat the group of senators now opposing him by aid of the solid support of the

Democrats. From this support, Tillman must be excepted. The

critics of the President's policy have not been slow in pointing out his inconsistencies. They call to mind that in May, 1903, his

attention was called to the retention in the army of a man who had been accused of a murder. On the question of the man's dis-

'missal, Mr. Roosevelt replied: *'In this matter, even if this man

is a murderer, I am helpless, / have absolutely no power to dismiss anybodyJrom the army in time of peace.''And yet, within three

THE HISTORY OF A GREAT CONTENTION. 371

years and six months'time, he dismissed from the army, without honor, a whole battalion, some of whom were admittedly innocent of the offense for which others deserve punishment.

For a while it looked as if a serious difference might arise between the President and the Senate on the subject. It was

rumored that Congress would pass a bill which would restore the discharged battalion to its place in the army. No question has

given rise to more serious differences between the President and the country at'large than the dismissal of these colored soldiers. While Senator Foraker's resolution merely asking that an

investigation of the facts be made without reference to the President's legal or constitutional right in the matter was passed, an investigation by the Senate may in time lead to pronounced differences between that body and the President. Mr. Roosevelt's critics

may be able to dig up inconsistencies. Strong men, and men in

constant habit of doing things, are, as a rule, rather looking forward than backward; they are doing things in the light of the

present and future needs rather than by the guidance of precedence.

Salt Lake City, Utah.

THE LONE HEART.

Yon are taking her down to the Orphans'Home, this little bit girl, you say;

It is sweet she would look with her hair a-curl, and a smile in those eyes of gray.

I mind the yard where the hearse drove out with the box, and her one last friend:

So there's only the Orphans'Home for her? I've a bit, maybe I might spend.

It is all alone in this house am I, but you see the flowers on the lawn

And the tabbycat on the porch a-sleek, and bluebirds that sing at dawn.

I would love to fashion a gown of red for a little bit girl like this;

Would you put your arms round my neck, wee one, and give to me, dear, a kiss?

Oh, it's warm in my heart is the feel I have! You've a look like a child I knew;

To be sure her hair it was black, not light, and her eyes of the violet's blue.

But there's something that stirs me a thought of her—blue violets cover her

breast You shall hear the songs that I sang to her when I cuddled her down to rest.

I will kiss a rose to your cheeks of white, I will find the curl in your hair;

And you'll not go down to the Orphans'Home while I have—Youthsa bit to share!Companion.

THE HISTORY OF RASSELAS.

PRINCE OF ABYSSINIA.

BY SAMUEL JOHNSON, LL D,

CHAPTER XIX.

A GLIMPSE OF PASTORAL LIFE.

He was still eager upon the same inquiry; and having heard

of a hermit that lived near the lowest cataract of the Nile, and filled the whole country with the fame of his sanctity, resolved to visit his retreat, and inquire whether that felicity, which public life could not afford, was to be found in solitude, and whether a man whose age and virtue made him venerable, could teach any peculiar art of shunning evils or enduring them?

Imlac and the princess agreed to accompany him; and, after

the necessary preparations, they began their journey. Their way

lay through the fields, where shepherds tended their flocks, and the lambs were playing upon the pasture. "This,"said the poet, "is

the life which has often been celebrated for its innocence and quiet; let us pass the heat of the day among the shepherds'tents,

and know whether all our searches are not to terminate in pastoral simplicity."

The proposal pleased them, and they induced the shepherds, by small presents, and familiar questions, to tell their opinion of their own state; they were so rude and ignorant, so little able t

compare the good with the evil of their occupation, and so indistinct in their narratives and descriptions, that very little could be learned from them. But it was evident that their hearts were

cankered with discontent; that they considered themselves as conTHE HISTORY OF RASSELAS. 373

demned to labor for the luxury of the rich, and looked up with stupid malevolence toward those that were placed above them.

The princess pronounced with vehemence, that she would never suffer these envious savages to be her companions, and that she should not soon be desirous of seeing any more specimens of rustic happiness; but could not believe that all the accounts of

primeval pleasures were fabulous: and was yet in doubt whether

life had anything that could be justly preferred to the placid gratifications of fields and woods. She hoped that the time would

come, when, with a few virtuous and elegant companions, she should gather flowers planted with her own hand, fondle the lambs of her own ewe, and listen, without care, among brooks and breezes, to one of her maidens reading in the shade.

CHAPTER XX.

THE DANGER OF PROSPERITY.

On the next day they continued their journey, till the heat compelled them to look round for shelter. At a small distance

they saw a thick wood, which they no sooner entered than they perceived that they were approaching the habitations of men. The

shrubs were diligently cut away to open walks where the shades were darkest; the boughs of opposite trees were artificially interwoven; seats of flowery turf were raised in vacant spaces: and a

rivulet that wantoned along the side of a winding path, had its banks sometimes opened into small basins, and its stream sometimes obstructed by little mounds of stone heaped together to increase its murmurs.

They passed slowly through the wood, delighted with such unexpected accommodations, and entertained each other with conjecturing what, or who he could be, that, in those rude and unfrequented regions, had leisure and art for such harmless luxury.

As they advanced, they heard the sound of music, and saw youths and virgins dancing in the grove; and, going still further,

beheld a stately palace built upon a hill surrounded with woods.

The laws of eastern hospitality allowed them to enter, and the master welcomed them like a man liberal and wealthy.

He was skillful enough in appearances soon to discern that 374 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

they were no common guests, and spread his table with magnificence. The eloquence of Imlac caught his attention, and the

lofty courtesy of the princess excited his respect. When they

offered to depart, he entreated their stay, and was the next day still more unwilling to dismiss them than before. They were

easily persuaded to stop, and civility grew up in time to freedom and confidence.

The prince now saw all the domestics cheerful, and all the face of nature smiling around the place, and could not forbear to hope he should find here what he was seeking; but when he was

congratulating the master upon his possessions, he answered with a sigh, "My condition has indeed the appearance of happiness, but appearances are delusive. My prosperity puts my life in danger; the Bassa of Egypt is my enemy, incensed only by my wealth

and popularity. I have hitherto been protected against him by

the princes of the country; but as the favor of the great is uncertain, I know not how soon my defenders may be persuaded to

share the plunder with the Bassa. I have sent my treasures into

a distant country, and, upon the first alarm, am prepared to follow them. Then will my enemies riot in my mansion, and enjoy the

gardens which I have planted.

They all joined in lamenting his danger and deprecating his exile; and the princess was so much disturbed with the tumult of

grief and indignation, that she retired to her apartment.

They continued with their kind inviter a few days longer, and then went forward to find the hermit.

CHAPTER XXI.

THE HAPPINESS OF SOLITUDE. THE HERMIT'S HISTORT.

They came on the third day, by the direction of the peasants,to the hermit's cell: it was a cavern in the side of a mountain

overshadowed with palm trees; at such a distance from the cataract

that; nothing more was heard than a gentle uniform murmur, such

as composed the mind to pensive meditation, especially when it was assisted by the wind whistling among the branches. The first

rude essay of nature had been so much improved by human labor that the cave contained several apartments appropriated to differTHE HISTORY OF RASSELAS. 375

ent uses, and often afforded lodging to travelers whom darkness or tempests happened to overtake.

The hermit sat on a bench at the door to enjoy the coolness of the evening. On one side lay a book with pens and papers,

on the other, mechanical instruments of various kinds. As they

approached him unregarded, the princess observed that he had not the countenance of a man that had found or could teach the way to happiness.

They saluted him with great respect, which he repaid like a man not unaccustomed to the forms of courts. "My children,'

said he, "if you have lost your way, you shall be willingly supplied with such conveniences for the night as this cavern will afford.

I have all that nature requires, and you will not expect delicaciesin a hermit's cell."

They thanked him; and, entering, were pleased with the neatness and regularity of the place. The hermit set flesh and winebefore them, though he fed only upon fruits and water. His discourse was cheerful without levity, and pious without enthusiasm. He soon gained the esteem of his guests, and the princessrepented of her hasty censure.

At last Imlac began thus: "I do not now wonder that yourreputation is so far extended: we have heard at Cairo of your

wisdom, and came hither to implore your direction for this young man and maiden in the choice of life."

"To him that lives well,"answered the hermit, "every form of life is good, nor can I give any other rule for choice than to remove from all apparent evil.

"He will remove most certainly from evil,"said the prince,, "who shall devote himself to that solitude which you have recommended by your example."

"I have indeed lived fifteen years in solitude,"said the hermit, "but have no desire that my example should gain any imitators. In my youth I professed arms, and was raised by degrees to

the highest military rank. I have traversed wide countries at

the head of my troops, and seen many battles and sieges. At last,

being disgusted by the preferments of a younger officer, and feeling that my vigor was beginning to decay, I resolved to close my life in peace, having found the world full of snares, discord, and!

376 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

misery. I had once escaped from the pursuit of the enemy by the

shelter of this cavern, and therefore chose it for my final residence. I employed artificers to form it into chambers, and stored

it with all that I was likely to want.

"For some time after my retreat, I rejoiced like a tempestbeaten sailor at his entrance into the harbor, being delighted with the sudden change of the noise and hurry of war to stillness and repose. When the pleasures of novelty went away, I employed

my hours in examining the plants which grew in the valley and the minerals which I collected from the rocks. But that inquiry is

now grown tasteless and irksome. *I have been for some time unsettled and distracted; my mind is disturbed by a thousand perplexities of doubt and vanities of imagination, which hourly prevail

upon me, because I have no opportunities of relaxation or diversion. I am sometimes ashamed to think that I could not secure

myself from vice, but by retiring from the exercise of virtue, and begin to suspect that I was rather impelled by resentment than led by devotion into solitude. My fancy riots in scenes of folly,

and I lament that I have lost so much and have gained so little.

In solitude, if I escape the example of bad men, I want likewise the counsel and conversation of the good. I have been long comparing the evils with the advantages of society, and resolve to

return into the world tomorrow. The life of a solitary man will

Jbe certainly miserable, but not certainly devout."

They heard this resolution with surprise, but after a short pause offered to conduct him to Cairo. He dug up a considerable

treasure which he had hid among the rocks, and accompanied them to the city, on which, as he approached it, he gazed with rapture.

CHAPTER XXII.

THE HAPPINESS OF A LIFE ACCORDING TO NATURE.

Rasselas went often to an assembly of learned men, who met at stated times to unbend their minds and compare their opinions.

Their manners were somewhat coarse, but their conversation was instructive, and their disputations acute, though sometimes too violent, and often continued till neither controvertist rememTHE HISTORY OF RASSELAS. 377

bered upon what question they began. Some faults were almost

general among them: every one was desirous to dictate to the

rest, and every one was pleased to hear the genius or knowledge of another depreciated.

In this assembly Rasselas was relating his interview with the hermit, and the wonder with which he heard him censure a course of life which he had so deliberately chosen, and so laudably followed. The sentiments of the hearers were various. Some were of

opinion that the folly of his choice had been justly punished by condemnation to perpetual perseverance. One of the youngest

among them, with great vehemence, pronounced him a hypocrite.

Some talked of the right of society to the labor of individuals, and considered retirement as a desertion from duty. Others readily

allowed, that there was a time when the claims of the public were satisfied, and when a man might properly sequester himself to review his life and purify his heart.

One, who appeared more affected with the narrative than the rest, thought it likely that the hermit would, in a few years, go back to his retreat, and perhaps, if shame did not restrain, or death intercept him, return once more from his retreat into the world. "For the hope of happiness,"said he, "is so strongly impressed that the longest experience is not able to efface it. Of the

present state, whatever it be, we feel, and are forced to confess, the misery; yet, when the same state is again at a distance, imagination paints it as desirable. But the time will surely come,

when desire will be no longer our tormentor, and no man shall be wretched but by his own fault."

"This,"said a philsopher, who had heard him with tokens of great impatience, "is the present condition of a wise man. The

time is already come when none are wretched but by their own fault. Nothing is more idle than to inquire after happiness, which

nature has kindly placed within our reach. The way to be happy

is to live according to nature, in obedience to that universal and unalterable law with which every heart is originally impressed;

which is not written on it by precept, but engraven by destiny, not installed by education, but infused at our nativity. He that

lives according to nature will suffer nothing from the delusions of hope, or importunities of desire: he will receive and reject with

378 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

equability of temper; and act or suffer as the reason of things

shall alternately prescribe. Other men may amuse themselves

with subtle definitions, or intricate ratiocinations. Let them learn

to be wise by easier means: let them observe the hind of the forest, and the linnet of the grove: let them consider the life of animals whose motions are regulated by instinct: they obey their

guide, and are happy. Let us therefore, at length, cease to dispute, and learn to live; throw away the incumbrance of precepts,

which they who utter them with so much pride and pomp do not understand, and carry with us this simple and intelligible maxim

That deviation from nature is deviation from happiness.

When he had spoken, he looked around him with a placid air, and enjoyed the consciousness of his own benificence, ''Sir,"said the prince, with great modesty, "as I, like all the rest of mankind, am desirous of felicity, my closest attention has been fixed upon your discourse; I doubt not the truth of a position

which a man so learned has so confidently advanced. 'Let me only

know what it is to live according to nature?''

"When I find young men so humble and so docile,"said the philosopher, "I can deny them no information which my studies have enabled me to afford. To live according to nature is to act

always with due regard to the fitness arising from the relations and qualities of causes and effects; to concur with the great and

unchangeable scheme of universal felicity; to cooperate with the

general disposition and tendency of the present system of things.''

The prince soon found that this was one of the sages whom he should understand less as he heard him longer. He therefore

bowed and was silent; and the philosopher, supposing him satisfied, and the rest vanquished, rose up, and departed with the air

of a man that had cooperated with the present system.

[to be continued.]

WHAT YOU WILL.

(For the Improvement Era.)

You're starting out on a journey, my boy,

And the world is joyous and fair;

Her gardens are blooming for you, my boy,

She laughs away your care.

But earth is more than a playground, my boy,

And the world's a bit of a shrew;

She's sure to fling back in your teeth, my boy,

Whate'er you say or do.

And still she's an honest old dame, my boy.

Full measure for measure she gives

And her choicest gifts are to him, my boy.

Who nobly, gladly lives

Valiant for all that is good, my boy

Rejoicing in all that is true;

Imparting in youth what you'd have, my boy.

In age return to you.

Her gift of life is a glory, my boy;

Look! she let's down the rope for you.

That hand over hand you may climb, my boy,

For treasures old and new.

Up, up, till you scale the summit, my boy,

Don't throw your birthright away;

Hold up your head with the mightiest, boy;

Who wills it, wins the day.

Ruth Mat Foi.

alt Lak Oity, Utah.

THE ETHICS OF QUARANTINE AND HOME

SANITATION.

BY MILTON BENNION, PROFESSOR OP PHILOSOPHY, UNIVERSITY

OF UTAH.

People who maintain their primitive, roving habits may run away from the problem of home sanitation; and with them the spread

of contagious disease is naturally limited to a small community.

But with the settled mode of life, and the manifold associations of civilization, the need of thorough sanitation and strict quarantine is apparent. Yet many intelligent and well disposed people fail to

appreciate this fact; and there are those who, while they believe

in enforcing the quarantine regulations against others, are themselves inclined to resist such restrictions. Even in large cities,

where strict health regulations and close inspection are the rule, it is sometimes possible for a family to conceal contagious disease and thus escape quarantine. This concealment may be with full

knowledge of the disease, or possibly with only a suspicion of it, and a fear to call in a physician lest it would result in the establishment of quarantine. Certainly this result would be a great inconvenience to the family quarantined, but what of the other alternative, and the moral responsibility of the family to society? There

are heads of families who, when quarantined, seem to think that the public health laws are enacted especially for their annoyance.

If possible to escape, they would not have a flag up; and after it

is up, if the disease is in a mild form, they perhaps fail to report subsequent cases, and seek to have the quarantine raised as soon as possible. They have no thought, apparently, of the fact that a

very mild case in its last stages may be ishe means of spreading an

ETHICS OF QUARANTINE AND HOME SANITATION. 381

epidemic of the disease, and that others may have it in severe form, causing innocent people immeasurable physical suffering and mental anguish. "Well,"a man may say, "the innocent must

suffer in this world, and I am an example of it. Let others share

my fate."If such a man can be awakened to a sense of his social

rasponsibility and to the consequences of his conduct, he will know that he is not innocent, and that for a man, by such indifference, to bring disease and death into the homes of his fellowmen is a crime. This crime, under our present laws, is punishable as a misdemeanor. It should some day be recognized as a felony.

In the light of moral principles, how much better is one who commits this crime, which usually escapes punishment, than one who commits murder outright and pays the death penalty? The

difference is undoubtedly in the motive rather than in the consequence. In the one case there is malicious intent to destroy human

life; in the other there is a selfish desire to escape personal inconvenience and a willingness to take chances on the consequences.

Incidentally, to be sure, this may mean that the inconvenience one is trying to escape may come to a score of other families, that several persons in each of these families may suffer from the disease, and that there may be a few deaths in the neighborhood.

The Infinite Wisdom alone can tell the amount of personal annoyance, sickness and deach that may result from one little act of selfishness. Is it not worth thinking about?

The public health law merely defines what people ought to do, even if there were no statutes or health oflicers. As in case of

all law against crime and for the protection of life and property, the good citizen should conform to it willingly, and there should be no necessity of enforcing it except against the criminally inclined. How would a man rank in character who respected the

property rights of his neighbors merely because the law of the state compelled him to do so? Is there not as much need of respect for their health? and of refraining from exposing them to

anything that might endanger their lives?

The want of proper consideration for the health laws is probably not due, as a rule, to bad motives, but rather to a failure to give the matter enough serious thought. The possible consequences to others have not been vividly pictured before the mind.

382 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

But even thoughtlessness and ignorance, through neglect of matters of vital importance, are immoral. To refrain from wilfully

injuring others is only the negative side of morality. There

is, in addition to this, an obligation to consider seriously the consequence of one's conduct both to self and to others, and to assume an attitude of positive thoughtful activity. *

The question of home sanitation is closely related to that of contagious and infectious diseases, since unsanitary conditions about the home may be one source of such diseases. Typhoid

fever, for instance, may come from the contamination of well water by seepage from cesspools, closets, or barnyards: or the

germs of this disease may be carried by flies, when the use of a little dry earth or slack lime would obviate the unsanitary condition. The disposal of sewage, where there is no sewerage system, is a very serious problem, concerning whifch it would be well

to have expert advice, t It is selfevident that carelessness in regard to these details may bring illness and perhaps loss of life not only to the occupants of the homes neglected, but also to others in the neighborhood.

Heads of families should not only protect the health and physical wellbeing of the growing generation, but they should also set youthful minds an example that would tend to form in them habits of cleanliness and attention to sanitary regulations. Thoughtful

consideration of the farreaching consequences of conduct will readily justify close attention to these practical aspects of life.

Salt Lake City, Utah.

* The health laws of Utah and general regulations concerning contagiout and infectious diseases may be had free by applying to the State Board of Health,

Salt Lake City.

Some valuable suggestions pertaining to this and kindred home problem* may be found in Farmers'Bulletin No. 270, Modern Conveniences for the Farm

Home which will be sent without charge to anyone applying to the Department of Agriculture, Washington, D. C.

THOUGHTS SUGGESTED BY TWO PASSAGES

OF SCRIPTURE.

BY ISAIAH W. FLETCHER.

Let this mind be in you, which was also in Christ Jesus; who, being in thn

form of God, thought it not robbery to be equal with God: but made himself of no

reputation, and took upon him the form of a servant, and was made in the likeness of men: and being found in fashion as a man, he humbled himself, and beii: 5-6.)came obedient unto death, even the death of the cross.—(Philippians

Many things may be inferred from this. The first is: man is

made in the form of God, which, without doubt to my mind, shows that God and man had one common origin. That being the conclusion arrived at, man must, of necessity, have inherent in him

the same potentialities or possibilities that characterize God, hia

Heavenly Parent. Were it otherwise, he could not, throughout

all the eternities, become equal with him, no matter what man's aspirations might be. If that is not the case, then we would be

compelled to admit that our Heavenly Parent has created a being inferior to himself, a fact which reason, most emphatically, repudiates. Another truth evident to a reflective mind is that, man

being thus endowed can without fear of intimidation from any source whatever (being a separate and distinct entity), aspire unto the highest possible attainments in the universe, God's present condition being an inspiration to him to that end.

As Latterday Saints, we understand full well that the attributes of Deity are only attainable, or made manifest, through an organized personality; in other words, by the descent of Spirit

into element, and its contending with gross, material environments, such as obtain in the world in which we find ourselves.

By attributes I mean such as we believe are at present en-

384 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

joyed to the fullest possible extent by the heavenly hosts, and which are properties or fruits of the Spirit, and which are made plain in Galatians v: 22, 23:

But the fruit of the Spirit is love, joy, peace, long suffering, gentleness, goodness, faith, meekness, temperance: against such there is no law.

This I understand to mean that the individual who has attained to and is in the full enjoyment of these heavenly attributes, is living above the law of commandment, and in consonance or in full agreement with the laws of the universe, else there could not be an eternal or continued existence.

It is only by yielding obedience to God's commandments that we are able ultimately to arrive at that condition of harmony, or holiness. It is very easy for a person to determine whether he is

making progress towards harmonizing his being with the immutable laws of the universe, i. e., by his power to resist or entirely repudiate gross, material pleasures, and by using wisely the materials

with which the Lord has surrounded him, and thereby proving his worthiness to the blessings which, in his loving kindness, our

Heavenly Father has condescended to grant unto men. In view

of the fact that the Lord in his mercy has extended so much unto us, we should at least try to conform, as much as possible, to his behests, thereby gaining strength hour by hour and day by day, until we can resist with impunity the temptations of the evil one.

Salt Lake City, Utah.

CALVARIO.

{For the Improvement Era.)

C aim amid the surging throng He stood:

A ngelic hosts their ministry repaid

L ove triumphed. Hate, abashed, was silent then,

V iewing with wonder the "rejected"Christ.

A ngry shouts relaxed; scorn dissolved in fear:

R ound the vast crowd a pitying glance He threw,

I nvoking Heaven's forgiveness for them all:

0, wondrous Life! 0, wondrous Work! each then complete.

Charles Clift Lisbon, Portugal.

ON THE PROGRESS OF SCIENCE.

* NOTES CONTRIBUTED FOR THE 'IMPROVEMENT ERA"BY THE

FACULTY OF SCIENCE, BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY,

AND EDITED BY DR. JOHN A. WIDTSOE.

Introduction of New Plants.

New plants are each year being introduced into our country by plantsmen, seedsmen, botanical gardens, and the private establishments of many wealthy persons.

The U. S. Department of Agriculture maintains a regularly

organized office for the introduction of nev/ plants, called the

Office of Seed and Plant Introduction and Distribution. Expert

botanists and agricultural explorers are engaged in the work of discovering new and valuable plants in all parts of the world, importing these into America and placing them in the hands of trained experimenters. Another feature of this work is the testing in new ways of old and wellknown plants.

As illustrations of the importance of this work there might be cited the establishment in California and Arizona of the Algerian and Arabian date palm industry, and also of the Smyrna

fig.

Some of the recent importations which give promise of economic and ornamental value have come from Western and Northern

China and from Manchuria. At the present time Secretary Wilson of the U. S. Department of Agriculture is having tests made

of various plants which it is expected will prove of very great value in the arid regions of the West.

In the systematic carrying out of this work it is expected that the United States, with almost every possible range of 386 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

climate and soil conditions of the globe, will become independent of all other nations as far as plant culture is concerned. William H. Homer, Jr., B. S.

How can Animals be Distinguished?

Every animal, in fact every living being, has individual characteristics which distinguish it from every other individual. It

has also characteristics which are common to other individuals.

Likenesses express relationships, and usually the closer the relationship the closer the likeness. A small group of similar animals has characters common to other groups: this group of groups

has characters common to other groups of groups. There are

groups of the first order, groups of the second order, of the third, of the fourth, and so on until we reach the two great groups of living beings.

Groups are not distinct, but, just as in the case of plants and animals, there occur intermediate forms that make a clear definition impossible. Nature has no boundary lines, and should one

appear it is the best kind of evidence that the intermediate forms are either extinct or have not yet been discovered.

Uniformity of Life in Early Times.

Why do intermediate forms occur between animals and between plants? Why are all living beings so much alike?

Living beings, of course, are alive, or have life. What life is

we do not know, we can study it only through the behavior of matter under its influence. It, evidently, is something that is

transmitted from parent to offspring, and the forms of both parent and offspring resemble each other. Things now living have

received their life from related forms that preceded them, they are but the last links of the chains along which life has heen transmitted from the past to the present. If it were possible to

follow back along these chains, would we find them issuing from one source or from several? The problem is a difficult one. Most

of the forms have decayed; some of them, more stable than the

rest, have left records of their bodies, and these lie buried in the depths of the earth. A few have been found; here and there the

lines of transmission have been touched, sometimes closely assoON THE PROGRESS OF SCIENCE. 387

ciated, sometimes widely separated; but the deeper we go into the

earth's surface, the farther back into the past, the more nearly alike do the links become. The lines seem to converge. The

forms 01 animals and plants, so diversified upon the earth today, become more and more alike as we follow back along the lines of descent, until we reach a point where all life seems to have been exhibited in forms of the greatest likeness and simplicity.

Why Living Beings Change.

Why is there so much difference between plants and between animals? Why are living beings so unlike?

Things that are exactly alike, and that are subjected to exactly the same influences will behave in exactly the same manner. Can you find two branches alike? Can you find two flowers

alike? Can you find two seeds exactly alike? How can you, then,

expect to find two plants alike? The offspring always resembles,

but is never exactly like the parent, and the greater the differences in the parents, the greater the differences in the offspring.

While there is a tendency for like to produce like, there is also a tendency to variation just as universal. Characteristics of the

parents are transmitted to the offspring, but perhaps never in the same degree to any two. The second generation will also be unlike each other, will resemble the immediate ancestors more and

those more remote less.

When variations favor one plant or one animal above another, it has a better opportunity to reproduce its kind, and consequently to transmit the favorable variation.

The more uniform the conditions under which things live, the more uniform they become in structure and in habits; the more

diversified the conditions, the greater the variations. This is

remarkably illustrated by the numerous plants and animals in which man has become interested. By modifying environment and by

selecting parents, he has induced greater variation; and by persistent, judicious selection of those forms having the qualities he

most desired, by working in harmony with Nature's laws, he has succeeded in promoting his own comfort, welfare and happiness.—

B. S.a G. Van Buren,

EDITOR'S TABLE.

OUR LESSON FROM THE "NEW THEOLOGY."

The most influential Congresrational church in England is said to be the London City Temple. From its pulpit the socalled "New

Theology"is promulgated. This theology, which is making great

headway in England, is described by its promoters as not in iny way new but rather consisting of selections of belief from other denominations. Its principal spokesman is Reverend R. J. Campbell, who is the successor of Dr. Parker.

It may not be safe to depend upon the explanations made of the doctrines of this new theology, because generally any explanations not made by the advocates of the religion itself can scarcely be relied upon. But from the utterances of the religious and

secular press of Great Britain, which has found their way into

American prints, and which are said to emanate from the spokesman, we learn that the new movement objects "to the formal statements of belief which have distinguised the theology of the is a very broad expression, and capable of variedpast,"—which

interpretation;—and also that the starting point of the new theology, which is further described as "an attitude and a spirit

rather than a creed, "is * 'belief in the immanence of God and the essential oneness of God and man."This is a very sharp differentiation from the Unitarian theory which practically creates an

impassable gulf between God and man.

"Our being. is the same as God's, although our consciousness

of it is limited,"the new theology declares; also that "there are

many stages in the upward progress of the soul in the unseen world, before it becomes fully and consciously one with its infinite source."The word "'God'stands for the infinite reality whence

all things proceed, is the source of all things, but is itself in process of fulfillment, as shadowed forth in the evolution of humanEDITOR'S TABLE. 389

ity.""Man is the revelation of God, and the universe a means

to the selfmanifestation of God."The new theology further believes in the immortality of the soul: "we make our destiny in the

next world by our behavior in this, and ultimately every soul will be perfected;"but it "rejects wholly the common interpretation

of atonement, that another is beaten for our fault,"and believes, "not in a final judgment but a judgment that is ever proceeding."

Altogether it appears to us that the "new theology"is only one other protest, among the many, against dying sectarianism.

From a cursory glance at its 'teachings, it appears also that, while there is much that is misty and inconsequent, it contains many doctrines, perverted it may be, which are based upon truth.

But the object here of calling attention to this movement, which now almost completely occupies the thought of the religious world in England, is to point out the need for the Latterday Saints, and especially for our missionaries, to -keep informed on the trend of modern religious thought, so that they may be able to approach the people from the viewpoint of their interests.

A person full of such philosophy as the New Theology promulgates has little interest in the plain, first principles of the gospel. His mind is upon other things; and in order to engage

him, the teacher who would open to him the door of the true gospel must first obtain his attention on the lines which most appeal to him.

The Latterday Saints have the sure anchor of revelation, and our religion is based on the everlasting truth. In the revelations

of God to the Prophet Joseph, we have the foundation of all truth;

and in order to compare these truths with old religions, or with new scientific or theological thought, we need only inform and familiarize ourselves with them. The Latterday Saints believe that

the light and truth on man's relationship to Deity; the divinity of

Christ''and the personality of God; man's origin and destiny and

immortality; the fall of Adam; the atonement; the meaning of

eternal punishment; the nature, eternity, necessity, purpose and

value of the forces of good and evil; preexistence and existence

hereafter; the struggle of God and his children against limitation,

or eternal progress; the certainty of eternal life and the way to

best advance to glorious harmony with the Infinite;—we believe

that all these vital questions are more clearly treated in our re390 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

velations than in any other philosophy ever before advocated, or in any that can be promulgated by man.

I think that we ourselves fail to grasp the full and vital meaning of these eternal truths, and that we are much less prepared than we really ought to be, after possessing them for more than half a century, to present them to the thinking world. But they

have been revealed to us, and it is our plain duty, by study and contemplation, aided by the Spirit of God, to master them, for clear, full, and forceful presentation to the world. Then, when

these contending doctrines and new theories come fortih among the people, we shall be prepared, by adopting modern methods, to show more clearly the way of eternal life and truth.

This, of course, can only by accomplished, first, by obtaining a thorough knowledge of the grand, broad, and farreaching meaning of the revelations to us; and then, secondly, by keeping

abreast of the most advanced modern thought. This course shall

enable us not only to abide by the truth ourselves, so that every wind of doctrine shall not affect us and drive us to and fro like ships without anchor, but also to point out the way and demonstrate the truth to others, which is our special calling and mission.

Our seventies, elders, teachers, and church educational institutions, may well wake up and work along these lines.

Joseph F. Smith.

A FALSEHOOD REFUTED.

Writing in a local print of the review in the February Era of the statement of Senator Burrows that ''there has been no case in which a candidate for high office in Utah has obtained the consent of the Church to run, and has been defeated, and there is no case in which one did not receive such consent, and has been elected,"the champion defamer of the Latterday Saints again falsifies, and attempts to mislead his readers. He says:

Mr. Smith attempts to deceive when he challenges and disputes with Senator

Burrows in this matter. It is a fact that Apostle Heber J. Grant, speaking for

the president of the church and by the authorization of the president of thechurch of that time promised the senatorship to Mr. McCune ******

Joseph F. Smith knows all these things to be'true; he knows that Mr. McCune was

selected by the president of the church, and that Apostle Grant was authorized

EDITOR'S TABLE. 391

to conduct, for Mr. McCune, his campaign. Mr. Smith knows that the exposure

of the Grant methods delayed the deciding vote in the Legislature; and that during the delay the authorities of the church concluded to change candidates, selecting as a substitute for Mr. McCune, who was a Democrat, a prominent churchman, who was a Republican, and demanding of the Democratic legislature that it

elect this prominent churchman. Mr. Smith knows that many Democrats were

called from the legislature before the authorities of the church, and were compelled to yield their personal and partisan views, and that they agreed to vote for a

Republican at the behest of the church. Mr. Smith knows that in the confusion

thus created, and which was increased as shown, by an adroit political move on the part of leading Democrats in procuring a recess in order to prevent balloting, the hour of adjournment was reached; and only for that reason the purpose of the

church was defeated.

It is only necessary to state that Joseph F. Smith has no personal knowledge of any such alleged facts. Joseph F. Smith was

not in the state at that time, as he left on the 7th day of January, 1899, for the Pacific Islands, and did not return until the 6th day of March, following. He could not be, and was not, therefore,

in possession of such information; but he does know that at the

behest of the Church no man has ever been compelled to yield his personal or partisan views, or to vote for any party or person.

The presumption is that if the defamer desired to tell the whole truth, he could name the prominent Republican referred to; and

the presumption is, further, that he might also truthfully say it was neither the Church that selected him nor its president.

Joseph F. Smith.

THE REMEDY FOR FAILURE.

In the monthly reports which have come to the General

Board from a number of the stakes relating to the work of Mutual

Improvement in the Church, the superintendents have complained of indifference, a lack of attendance, energy, and interest, on the part of the young people. This apparent perplexity is not real

we believe that the trouble lies in a lack of intelligent and persistent effort on the part of the officers. Without doubt, every detail of our work can be accomplished readily, when proper effort is

made by the stake and ward officers. Determined work is the

price of success, and the remedy for every complaint that has

Would you remove indifference? come to us in these reports.

392 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Then decide upon a consistent line of work. Do likewise in the

case of other faults. Organize your officers, acquaint them with

your arrangement and purpose. See that the plan in detail is

carried out by every man assigned to a place, and there is no question, under such organization, as to the results. You shall

succeed. The superintendent and his aids, however, must have

every detail in hand, and then strenuously, but with kindness and with spirit, insist upon having their workers cooperate in the performance of the task. This requires meetings for planning and for reporting work; and, above all, it requires labor on the part of those who

are in charge, as well as on the part of those who are appointed to perform the details. But the results are just as certain as the truth

that when we obtain any blessing from God, it is by obedience to the law upon which such blessing is predicated. Real success in

any line is predicated on persistent work. It is so, as well, in

matters of Mutual Improvement. Try it.

NOTICE TO ERA AGENTS AND SUBSCRIBERS.

Owing to the general desire of our recent subscribers, to have a complete volume of the Era for this year, which promises to be one of the most interesting ever published, the General Board consented to a reprinting of No. 1, Vol. X, which had been

sold out; so that we shall be prepared in a few days to supply

every subscriber and many new ones with this number, and also with all the back numbers of this volume of the magazine. Officers

will kindly speak of this in all their stake and ward officers'meetings. We hope to receive a large number of new subscriptions,

especially from wards and stakes that have not heretofore made much effort to obtain subscribers for Volume X.

AN UNPUBLISHED POEM.

The Era is favored with this interesting note from Elder A.

Milton Musser:

Over fifty years ago, while with other elders I was waiting, at San Francisco, to secure transportation to Hindoostan, some one gave me the following song,

EDITORS TABLE. 393

composed by the immortal Parley P. Pratt, of blessed memory, which I copied into

my journal. As I think it has never been published before, may I beg a place

for it in the Era? where it may appear as a companion gem to the grand old song

"From Greenland's Icy Mountains,"by the immortal Bishop Heber.

Yours, etc.,

A. Milton Musser.

WHERE IS THE KINGDOM OF GOD?

Holy, happy, pure and free, 'Mid the fields of evergreen,

Blessed, indeed, and dear to me, 'Neath the beauteous skies serene?

Are thy loved ones, Deseret, Friends I never shall forget. Shall I turn to China's coast,

Scan the ancient Breman's host?

CHORUS. India's spicy isles explore.

Search the Moslem records o'er?

While far off, while far off, my pilgrim feet shall roam, 'Round the sphere to Europe turn?

While far off, while far off, my pilgrim Of the Christian Fathers learn?

feet shall roam. Range the realms of Popery,

Searching still for "Peter's key?"

Where, oh where is holy ground?

Where, oh where does truth abound? Search the earth, explore the sea,

Where on earth is freedom found, Who can solve the mystery?

Deseret, beyond thy bound? Who, with keys of truth divine.

Bids the light in fulness shine?

Is it found on yonder shore 'Mid the heaps of shining ore? V'ain the search through every realm;

No; the sons of truth divine Deseret is at the helm;

Worship not at Mammon's shrine. There the kings majestic stand,

Holding keys for every land.

Is it found on yonder isles.

Parley P. Pratt. Where eternal verdure smiles?

MESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS.

President S. 0. Bennion of the Central States mission writes that after the

1st of March the mission address will be changed from No. 1405 Locust St., Kan.

sas City, Mo., to No. 302 South Pleasant St., Independence, Mo.

Mrs. F. E. R. Thompson of San Jose, California, writes under date of Octoin- most the Eka he found his mission was on husband "While my ber 23 1906:'uplifting its without bo incomplete would household the now and dispensible;

thoughts."From the annual report of the Swedish mission for 1906, published in Nordstjarnan, it appears that there are 28 branches in the five conferences of that mission There are 66 raissionares, and a total of 2,329 members, including 335

394 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

children under eight years of age. During the year there were 91 baptisms, 76

emigrated, and 30 died. A synopsis of the labors of the missionaries shows that

133,124 homes were visited for the purpose of distributing tracts, 20,559 gospel conversations were held, and 3, 169 meetings, including six that were held in the open air.

"If some point comes up that is not very clear to the elder, he is generally cited to the Era or manual. The Young Men's Mutual Improvement Association

of the Chicago branch is fully organized and is doing a very good work. We find

that the work of this winter is exactly what most of us need, and the present manual opens up a treasurehouse of gospel truth. All the officers and members

of our mutual are good, earnest workers, and everyone seems to be a pusher, and all have the interests of the work at heart. We pray for yoiir success in your

important work."So writes Elder G. N. Curtis, the secretary of the Northern

States mission, Chicago, under date of January 31, 1907.

From the report of President Alexander Nibley of the NetherlandsBel- gium mission, we cull the following facts: "Notwithstanding that we have had

seven elders fewer in the mission this year than in 1905, and also that one of our conferences was quarantined for two months, we are able to report a great increase over the work of the previous year. During the year, 193, 865 tracts and

beoks were distributed—we sold over four times more tracts than were sold, loaned

and given away during the previous year. Homes visited with first tracts, 17,210;

on reinvitations, 608; an increase of 25 per cent was had in the baptisms; many

of the best tithe payers of the mission emigrated to Utah; but the tithing receipts increased about 20 per cent; and the circulation of De Ster increased from

565 to 800."

Elder W. M. Cragun writes from Chicago under date of February 13: "While

visiting among friends, last week, I spoke of the gospel being restored during the last days, and in the course of my remarks referred to the people who suffered form the earthquake in San Francisco. A lady present who had two small children said: 'Yes, I know something about that because I was there, and several

of my friends were killed; I don't want to experience such a thing again.'She

told how kindly the people in Utah treated the refugees, and that when their train arrived in Ogden tables were spread with nearly all the necessaries of life; clothes

were given to those who were in need; and, said she, 'The 'Mormons'treated us

fine. 'Before we left she expressed a desire to visit our church and know more

concerning our belief. '

Elder Wells L. Brimhall writes from Amsterdam, Holland, under date of January 22: "President Penrose and Elder William A. Morton of the Liverpool office,

in company with President Nibley and twentythree missionaries, visited us on the evening of the 14th inst. We all had such a good time I think it will long remain

fresh in our memories. We called a special meeting, and our hall was over full.

Elder J. K. Meibos interpreted for President Penrose and Elder Morton, the

former speaking at length on the free agency of man. Elders Morton and Meibos

related interestingly of their conversions and what the gospel had done for them.

EDITORS TABLE. 395

All the speakers were greatly blessed by the Holy Spirit. Many investigators were

present who gave their addreises after meeting, and some of them wanted to know if they might entertain a missionary for two or three days. The hymns

rendered by the choir, led by one of our local men, were greatly enjoyed, and the sweet influence of the Spirit of the Lord prevailed during tiie whole proceedings.

We have already seen that much good has resulted from this meeting."

Elder James King writes from Te Ante, Hawkes Bay, New Zealand, January 16: "A memorial service was held at Ohiti, Hawkes Bay, December 30, 1906, at

which services the large white marble monument erected to the memory of Hokimate Ranmaewa, wife of Ranmaewa of Wanganni, was unveiled and dedicated by

Elder James King. Both husband and wife connected themselves with the Church

in the early 80's, when the gospel was first preached in New Zealand. There were

several noted chiefs present at the services; viz., Te Henken, Hakopa Kohungan,

Te Rua, Taranaki, and several others. Some of these, though non- 'Mormons,'

praised the work of the elders and wished them Godspeed. A large 'hakari*

feast was held under some large pine trees, and all partook of the high class food which was served out without restraint in the good old Maori way. This can only

be thoroughly understood by those who have had the privilege of dining at one of these feasts, and who have enjoyed the gentle hospitality of this dusky race. We

all enjoy the reading of the Era. I deem it one of the very best Church publications."

This remarkable case of healing is translated from De Ster of November 15, 1906, published by the Church at Rotterdam, Holland, and the translation sent to the Era by President Alex. Nibley: Little Jphn, the elevenyear-old son of

Sister H. S. of the Rotterdam branch, has suffered greatly for a number of years

with his eyes. They were badly inflamed and pained him continually. He was

slowly losing his sight and was unable to attend school longer. When on a certain day in the beginning of last August, it was announced in Rotterdam that

President Joseph F. Smith would be in the city the following day and attend meeting, little John said to his mother: "The Prophet has the most power of any missionary on earth. If you will take me with you to meeting and he will look into

my eyes, I believe they will be healed."

According to his desire he was permitted 'to accompany his mother to the meeting, at the close of which President Smith moved to the door in order to shake hands with the Saints and friends as they passed out of the hall. As the

little fellow approached him, led by his mother and his eyes bandaged with cloths.

President Smith took him by the hand and spoke to him kindly. He then raised the

bandage slightly and looked sympathetically into the inflamed eyes, at the same time saying something in English which the child could not understand. The little fellow was satisfied. The Prophet had acted according to his faith; and according to his filial faith so did it come to pass with him. Upon reaching home

he crie'd out: "Mama, my eyes are well; I can't feel any more pain. I can see

fine now, and far too."Since then his sight has been splendid. He attends

school again, and one would never think that anything had ever ailed his eyes.

EVENTS AND COMMENTS.

BY EDWARD H. ANDERSON.

Raise in Salaries.—In the legislative appropriation, the salaries of the VicePresident of the United States, the Speaker of the House, and the members of the

President's cabinet, have been increased from $8,000 per annum to $12,000 each;

and those of Representatives and Senators from $5,000 to $7,500.

Russell A. Alger Dead.—In Washington, Januaiy 24, Senator Alger died

in his 71st year. In the Civil war he participated in 66 battles and skirmishes,

rising from captain to the rank of brevet majorgeneral of volunteers. In 1884

he was elected governor of Michigan, and four years later was a prominent candidate for President before the national convention of Republicans. Nearly a decade later, he served as Secretary of War—1897-9—during the SpanishAmerican

conflict, in which he was severely criticised for inadequacy in the conduct of the army and its supplies, though through no fault of his, as was later recognized.

After the death of Senator McMillan, he was appointed to fill his place in the

Senate, in September, 1902, and later elected by the legislature for the term ending March, 1907.

Spanish Cabinet Crisis.—The Liberal cabinet in Spain, formed last December, and headed by Marquis de Armijo, has resigned, and Senor Maura, expremier, and leader of the Conservatives, has been recalled to office. This makes

five Liberal Cabinets that have been formed and that have fallen in Spain during the past 18 months. The fall of the last one delays the religious reforms that

were in process of formation, following the lead of France. The return to power

of Maura is favorable to clerical interests. New elections will be held, and the

sessions of parliament have been suspended.

Kosciusko Monument.—The United States Government is to erect a

statue in front of the White House, Washington, to the memory of the Polish patriot, Thaddeus Kosciusko, who was born in Lithuania, in 1746, and who died at

Solothurn, 1817. Models have been submitted in competition by noted artists,

and a jury of art experts had decided that the best was that of Mr. St. R. Lewandosvski, of Vienna. Recently President Roosevelt dissented from the verdict

of the committee, severely criticising the design of the Vienna artist, and declared his preference for a model submitted by a sculptor of Lemberg, Austria, whose name is not given. Kosciusko, who received his education in the military

school at Warsaw, is a name closely associated with American liberty. Disappointed in a love suit, he quitted his native country, betaking himself to America,

in 1776,where he attracted the notice of General Washington, and was appointed by

EVENTS AND COMMENTS. 397

him an engineer, with the rank of colonel, and aftewarda general of brigade. Three

years after peace had been declared in 1783, he returned to Europe, and was appointed, in 1794, generalissimo of the insurgent forces. In a battle near Cracow,

he defeated the Russians, but in a following battle his army was defeated, and he was himself wounded and taken prisoner. He remained in captivity tor two years,

being liberated on the accession of Faul I of Russia, in 1796. He later visited England and America, finally settling in Switzerland, where he lived in quiet retirement. In 1817, just prior to his death, he issued from here a letter of emancipation to the serfs on his estate in Poland. The year following his death, his body

was removed, at the expense of Emperor Alexander of Russia, to Cracow. A

peculiar monument, in the shape of a mound 150 feet high, formed of earth from all the principal battlefields of Poland, has been raised to his memory in the vicinity of Cracow. The selection of the Washington Monument is now in the

hands of a government jury of award, which shall have the final determination in the contest. The jury consists of Secretary Taf t, Senator Wetmore of Rhode

Island, and Representative McCleary of Minnesota.

to found an international Esperanto.—Many attempts have been made

tongue, but it is believed that now at last this has been accomplished in Esperanto. Dr. Louis Lazarus Zamenhof, a Russian Jew, is its originator and expounder. The movement began with the issuing of a little pamphlet at Warsaw,

in June, 1887. From Russia it spread to Sweden where it has had some of its

steadiest and most hard working adherents. Then Austria took it up, and France,

England and America have followed, the United States being among the latest countries to join the movement. The Japanese have also taken to it with great

enthusiasm. From an article by Joseph Rhodes, vice president of the British Esperanto Association, in the North American Review, it is learned that thirtyone

countries, up to June, 1906, have been penetrated by the new language, and 377 societies, 349 in Europe, and sixteen in America, seven in Asia, three in Africa, and twa in Oceania, have been formed. He guesses that at least 300,000 people

are now studying the language. There are twentyeight Esperanto magazines in

which the national language appears side by side with the international, and eight national periodicals containing a regular Esperanto column. There are at

present ten societies in the United States, in seven centers, and in the past three months the North American Review has published, semimonthly in its regular issues, a division devoted entirely to a study of the grammar of the new language. One or two young men at the University of Utah are known to have become interested in the language, and they pronounce it practical and easy to acquire, its roots being taken from other languages in about the following proportion: 36 to 60 per cent Latin; 30 per cent Teutonic including English; 28 per

cent Slav. Mr. Rhodes declares that it has "an exceptionless grammar so tiny

that a scholar could master it in an hour or so."He says further, "that it is a language that defies competition on the score of facility."

The German Elections.—On the 25th of January, important elections

were held in Germany. The Reichstag was dissolved by Imperial decree on the

398 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

13th of last December, as a result of its rejection of a supplementary budget for

South Africa, the granting of which had been strongly urged by the government.

The government then appealed to the voters to return to parliament members who would enable it to dispense with the support of the Clerical or Center party, and defy the opposition of the Socialists. It was the common opinion in Europe that

the government would not succeed, but that the Clerical and Social parties would be represented in the Reichstag in increased numbers. The election, however,

resulted in several surprises; Socialism was vanquished at the poles, the Clerical

party or Center, which, generally considered, had been the mainstay of the government, was punished for its recent opposition, and the success of Chancellor

Von Buelow, who is the mouthpiece of the Kaiser, appears to have been almost complete. A new party has been made out of sixteen or more different political

denominations, which sent members to the Reichstag. The Kaiser has learned

that he has the nation on his side, and the elections indicate a strong public defense of the German colonial policy. It might be stated in this connection that

the Reichstag, which is the lowest house of the German parliament, is made up of many political groups and is a body of almost 400 men. The dissolved Reichstag

had as many as nine parties of ten members each, and five or six other parties without quite so many members. The Clerical, Catholic, or Center party numbers 104.

The Jamaica Earthquake.—A great earthquake nearly destroyed Kingston, Jamaica, January 14. Jamaica is an island located about eighty or ninety

miles south of Cuba, the third in extent of the West Indies, and the most valuable of those belonging to the British; it has an area of 4,256 square miles, is

146 miles in length east and west, and 49 miles broad at the widest part. Kingston is situated on the south coast, on a harbor six miles long by two miles wide,

separated from the sea by a narrow slip of low land. It has a population of

about 50,000. Many people were killed by the earthquake and buried in the

ruins of falling buildings. Fire followed the earthquake, and swept through a

part of the business section of the city, destroying much property. As soon

as the extent of the earthquake was known in the United states, several

American naval vessels, commanded by RearAdmiral Davis, sailed from Cuba conveying medicines, tents, and food supplies for the relief of the sufferers.

The landing of the American relief forces came near creating strained relations between the United States and England, but the matter was happily averted by the better judgment of the heads of the English and American governments. Sir James Alexander Swettenham, governor of Jamaica, repudiated

the assistance which was offered by RearAdmiral Davis, and as well as told him that his services were neither needed nor desirable. President Roosevelt and

cabinet refused to recognize the insult, and later the British authorities conveyed to the government of the United States "cordial thanks for the prompt and powerful assistance which the United States navy under RearAdmiral Davis rendered to the inhabitants of Kingston in their suffering."In England, however,

several journals approved the course of General Swettenham who, however, later resigned, evidently because of his serious discourtesy and blunder. There is, however,

EVENTS AND COMMENTS. 399

no lack of English publications which uphold him. This affair, in connection with

the exclusion of Japanese school children in California, has had a tendency to strain the heretofore friendly relations between the United States and Great Britain.

Library Donation.—On the 21st of.January, this year. Elder James Duckworth, formerly president of the Australian mission, who is at present pursuing a

business course at the Latterday Saints University, donated $1,000 for the purchase of books for the department of Modern English in that institution—a gift

highly appreciated.

New Senators.—Senators Crane of Massachusetts, Frye of Maine, and

Cullom of Illinois, Republicans, and Bailey of Texas, Democrat, have been reelected. From Kansas, Representative Charles Curtis has been elected in place

of Senator Benson; from Delaware, Henry A. Richardson has been chosen in place

of Senator Allee; from Michigan, Representative William Alden Smith has been

elected to succeed the late Senator Alger; and from Nebraska, Mr. Norris Brown

has been chosen to succeed Senator Millard. These are all Republicans. The

legislature of Tennessee has elected exGovernor Robert L. Taylor, Democrat, to

succeed Senator Carmack of the same party. In Idaho William E. Borah,

Republican, has been chosen in place of Senator Dubois, Democrat, and in Montana, Representative Joseph M. Dixon, Republican, in place of Senator Clark,

Democrat. Simon Guggenheim, Republican, was elected from Colorado, in place

of Senator Patterson, Democrat; and Senator Henry E. Burnham, Republican,

New Hampshire, was reelected.

Senator -Smoot Wins.—By a vote of 42 to 28 the United States Senate, on

the 20th of February, decided that Senator Smoot is entitled to his seat in the

Senate. The action is a vindication of justice, and a deserved triumph of right

over sectarian bigotiy.

Died.—In Mayfield, December 31, 1906, Peter C. Scow, bom Denmark, August 11, 1844, came to Utah in 1866.—In Nephi, January 1, 1907, William

David Norton, an Indian war veteran, born Alabama, 1832. He came to Utah in

1851.—In Spring City, 1st, Sarah Ann Zabriskie, born Tennessee, October 5,

1828, came to Utah in 1852.—In Mill Creek, January 1, James Madison Fisher,

born Pennsylvania, July 22, 1833, came to Utah in 1850. He was a pioneer, scout,

and Indian war veteran,—In Aetna. Canada, Bishop Richard Piling was buried

December 31, 1906.—In Grantsville, Friday, 4th, Charles G. Parkinson, bom

England, February 11, 1834, came to Utah in 1853.—In Clarkston, Cache county,

Agnes Beveridge Jardine, a faithful Relief Society worker, born Scotland, May 20, 1829, came to Utah in 1859. -In Kanab, Monday, 7th, Joseph Gurnsey Brown,

a pioneer of 1849, an Indian war veteran, and faithful churchman, born New

York, November 8, 1824.—In Cove, Cache county, Thomas Titensor, bom England, October 27, 1829, and came to Utah in 1861, having joined the Church in

1847. In Salt Lake City, 8th, Carl J. Larsen, a young Sunday School worker of

the 25th ward, who came to Utah in 1884, and filled a Samoan mission in 1893-6.

—In North Ogden, 8th, the funeral services over Lafayette W. Williams were

held. He was a pioneer of the place, arriving in 1854, and was born April 15,

400 IMPRO VEMENT ERA.

1825,—In Hyrum, 9th, William Henry Green, born England, March 11, 1838,

came to Utah in 1860.—In Riverdale, Saturday, 12th, William Stimpson, a pioneer

of 1856, 86 years of age.—In Hubbard, Ariz., Monday, 14th, Mosiah L. Hancock, born Kirtland, Ohio, April 9, 1833, and came to Utah in 1848, and to Arizona in 1887. In Fremont, Wayne county, Monday, 14th, William Wilson Morrell,

born Ohio, May 8, 1830, joined the Church in Salt Lake City, 1849, a companion in pioneer work with Jacob Hamblin.—In Provo, Tuesday, 15th, Julia A. Fleming,

born Ohio, December 22, 1837, and a pioneer of 1848.—In Salt Lake City,

Wednesday, 16th, Margaret Pierce Whitesides Young, widow of President Brigham Young, a pioneer of 1847, born Pennsylvania, April 19, 1823.—In Vernal,

16th, Eric Anderson, a Uintah county pioneer, 78 years of age.—In Pocatello,

Friday, 18th, Joseph Henrie, an early pioneer of Utah, born Ohio, April 20, 1829.

—At Fruita, Wayne county, Saturday, 19th, Henry Jakeman, born England, February 9, 1834, and came to Utah in 1856.—In Draper Ward house, Saturday, 19th,

the funeral services over the remains of George Terry were held. He was murdered on the night of January 10, on the eve of a trip to Washington to see the

President in behalf of the Indians of the Windriver reservation. His father is

Joshua Terry, and his mother a Shoshone Indian and he was born February 1, 1853, and in early manhood took up a life's missionary labor with his mother's people, and married a native who bore him ten children, only one of whom is now alive.—In West Weber, 20th, Thomas Etkerington, a leading citizen of Weber,

and a prominent stockman, born England, November 1, 1837, joined the Church in 1854, and came to Utah in 1855. In Forest Dale, Sunday, 20tti, James Fowler, born England, June 6, 1841, and came to Utah in 1872.—Elizabeth U. EIwood, in West Jordan, 20th, born England, September 23, 1824.—In Richfield,

Monday, 21, Sarah Frazer, born April 1, 1816, and came to Utah in 1868.—In

Cedar City, Tuesday, 22, John Stephens, born Wales, April 28, 1843, came to

Utah in 1868.—In Fairview, Idaho, 22nd, Lucy J. Lake, twin sister of the late

Hon. L. J. Herrick of Ogden, born Ohio, December 14, 1827, and came to Utah

in 1850.—In Salt Lake City, Wednesday, 23. John Hutchinson, born Scotland 88

years ago, was baptized by Orson Pratt in 1840, and continued as a missionary in his native land until he came to Utah in 1875.—In Vernal, 23, Dennis W. Winn,

a member of the "Mormon"battalion, and a pioneer of 1848, born Alabama,

December 11, 1826.—In St. George, Thursday 24th, Mrs. Duncan M. McAllister, of

Salt Lake, for many years a member of the Tabernacle choir, born England, February 16, 1846, and came to Utah at the age of 15.—In Fairview, Wyoming,

24th, Clark Ames, born New York, 1832, came to Utah in 1849, and has resided in Sevier, Boxelder, Cache, and in Gentile Valley, Idaho.—In Smithfield, Sunday,

27th, William Chambers, born Bristol, England, January 4, 1818, and came to

Utah in 1853.—In Salt Lake City, 27th, William Treharne, an Indian war veteran

and pioneer of Cedar City, born Wales, July 14, 1838, and arrived in Salt Lake in 1852.—In Sugar House ward, Thursday, 29th, William Huskinson, born England, April 30, 1824, came to Utah September, 1853.—In Ogden, Thursday. Slst,

Simon Weston, born England, April 25, 1835, joined the Church in 1854, and came to Utah in 1873.

J. B. Robbins, A. C. Keeley, R. Dumbeck M-f>4 f44 4 4-"f4f4"M> -f S. L Bird, Manager. S. B. Robbins

Cream Shipped everywhere ALBERT S. REISER I

JEWELER I

Salt Lake City, Utah. KEELEY

Choice line ofICE CREAM COMPANY

Wholesale and Retail Makers of WATCHES,

Pure Ice Cream, DIAMONDS, Sherbets, JEWELRY, Water Ices, COT GLASS. Fancy Bricks,

Frozen Puddings, SILYERWARE, Punches, Etc. OPTICAL GOODS.

HIGH GRADE CANDIES Fine Watch and Jewelry Repairing

Delivered to Any Part of the City

Mail orders eolicited.

Factory and Office,260 State St. Bell Telephone 2640 k.

Both Phones 3223 Prompt Service,

Salt Lake City. Utah. 4-44MM4M44<

The NEW 35 REMINGTON AUTOLOADING RIFLE.

"Big Enough for the Biggest Game."browning patent

In the Sporting Goods Line we have "Everthing for Every Sport in Every

Season."We have a large stock of Graphophones and Skates. Send for our

150 page catalogue. It is free,

BROWNING BROS. CO., Ogden, Utah.

The Ensign Knitting Co.

Positively makes the best SWEATERS and KNITTED UNDERWEAR in the West.

APPROVED GARlMENrS of the wellknown original Nauvoo Brand always on hand.

is as nearly holeproof as can be, and is strictlyTheir Mountain Lion Brand HOSIERY

guaranteed, your dealers do not carry their goods, call or write to the factory direct, 30 and 22 Richards Street. Salt Lake City. Utah.

(When writing to Advertisers, please mention the ERA.)

. fA. i.. i.. i,. i t.. t.. i..t..|...t..t.. t..t..j..t..t....4.l..H

t I I t t

't:s\\OEt>

\jj\)y pot? U/e cap lue lle best ualue for tl?e $$$I If QOt,

/li}d u;l;e9iteo/ne5 to fit, u/e exe(?l all,bei9 most pra(;tial

'RDbinson VBrosCo. 124 Main Street,I T Salt Lake City.

(When writing to Advertisers, please mention the ERA.)

BUY THE BEST WEDDING RINGS

At no additional expense

to you, for our rings cost no more \han inferior

ones do.

BEST BY TEST

Have ivcn Satisfaction for fortyfive years

ESTABLISHED l6

ABTIFICIAL REFRIGERATION AT MARKET AND SLAUGHTER HOUSE

Palace Meat Market THOS. J. NIPPER, Pfoprietof

Wholesale and Retail FRESH AND CURED MEATS, FISH, POULTRY AND GAME IN SEASON largest supply of any market in the We carry the west, and everything is properly chilled before serving the customer.

BOTH PHONES

263265 South Main Salt Lake City, Utah

(When wrltlngr to Advertiaera, pleass mention the Era.)

.

'I"I"I"!"I"I"I"I "I "I"H"It I"M"W"I"I"I"I"H"I"I"I"I"H"I"'"I"H"H"I"I"I"I"I"I"H"I"I"I"I"M

Seasonable Shoes.

The Latest Styles—the Best

Qualities. Full and Complete

Line to select from. Lowest

possible prices consistent with quality of oods.

"MOONTAINEER"OVERALLS DON'T RIPARE HONESTLY MADE—WEAR LIKE LEATHER

Z. C. M. I

I I I I I I I I a I I III I -r - I a I I I: H H 4..I.IH

I "I "I I I I I"I "I"I "I "I "I Ia aa ". HI I"HIlMI

C6\v6cm.

HE most wonderful invention of the present age. PHONOGRAPH T

The Acme of Realism Prices now within the reach of all. Machines from $10.00 to

$50.00. Records 35c. each.

LWKiNGFORTHEBANDrj homo shouM have a

Phonograph. You can always

'atinjiiipj,-:! ikm entertain your company with

an Edison. Write or call for

particulars.

Everythingf known in Music.

.w i

CLAYTON MUSIC CO.,

J Leading Music Dealers. 1 09- J J- 1 3 So. Main.

I I I I I I, l..I I,... I I.I I..4.4...A.4..:.J...I I.I.HJ,

(When writing to Advertlsera, please mention the Era.)